
Copyright  2011
S. E. Akers

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition — License Notes

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This eBook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this eBook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person.   If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy from their store or any of their authorized affiliates.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This eBook is a work of fiction.  The names, characters, places, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, actual events, locales, or organizations is entirely coincidental.  All rights are reserved.  No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission from the author.

Dedication

For my loving mother, Sonia…
You will always be in my heart and
on my mind, every single day…


Table of Contents

Smashwords Edition- License Notes
Dedication
Chapter    1 — The Favor
Chapter    2 — Penny for Your Worries
Chapter    3 — Meeting of the Minds
Chapter    4 — Beautiful Stranger
Chapter    5 — He Came Bearing Gifts
Chapter    6 — Private Eye
Chapter    7 — Surprise, Surprise
Chapter    8 — Revelations
Chapter    9 — How About That Dance?
Chapter  10 — Fight, Flight, or Fright
Chapter  11 — A Tale of Two Mikes
Chapter  12 — Adamas
Chapter  13 — Such Sweet Sorrow
Chapter  14 — My Tears Fell Like Rain
Chapter  15 — Catch!
Chapter  16 — Long Way Down
Chapter  17 — What Will Be, Will Be
Chapter  18 — Where’s a Real Charmer?
Chapter  19 — Thank Heaven for Little Girls
Chapter  20 — Cold Shoulder
Chapter  21 — Hail Mary
Chapter  22 — Blow Me Away
Chapter  23 — He Won’t Remember a Thing
Chapter  24 — A Girl’s Best Friend
Chapter  25 — Uninvited
Chapter  26 — Seraphina
Chapter  27 — A Traumatic Token
Chapter  28 — Bosom Friends
Thank you


Chapter  1  —  The Favor

I KNEW DADDY WOULD BE HOME SOON, but it was such a perfect day…and I just couldn’t wait!
What little girl could?
The cloudless sky had to be the most vivid shade of blue I’d ever seen.  You could just imagine flipping it upside-down and pretending to dive in for an early swim.  The mountains that stretched across the countryside were smothered in so many greens and every one of their lush mounds begged to be explored.  They were a far cry from the barren brown canvas that had plagued my eyes for months in-between our winter snowfalls.  Even the air smelled like a sweet mixture of fresh grass and wildflowers.  The lilacs seemed to stir my senses the most.  The land was alive once again.
Really?  Who could resist nature’s tug on such a mesmerizing day?
I climbed over the weathered fence with a determined nod, ignoring my parents’ repeated warnings about venturing out on my own, especially out on Shiloh Ridge — the land that bordered our modest mountainside home, a ridge which I’d been personally named after, and the only thing that now stood between me and my father on his birthday.  It was a convenient shortcut down to the Riverside Pocahontas coalmine where Daddy worked, so the stroll was a necessity.  I wanted to be “the first” to acknowledge his special day, officially.  He was always the first to wake me up and wish me a “happy birthday”, along with a secret cake for just the two of us.  And after all, I had the bouquet of wildflowers I’d picked earlier all ready and waiting in my tightly clenched hands…all I needed was my daddy.
And who doesn’t like a surprise?  Even adults?  He wouldn’t be mad.  How could he?  WHY WOULD HE?  Let’s face it, nothing ever, EVER happened around here.  Not in my backyard.
Not in Welch, West Virginia, I mused with a five & fearless grin.
Step by step, my bare feet carried me across the serene ridge.  I loved it out here.  I always pretended like it was a magical place, my own secret “enchanted forest” the would-be princess in me had decreed on many occasions.  One person’s random patch of woods was another’s paradise, and this was mine.  All mine.  Something about the sights and sounds on the ridge seemed particularly beguiling today.  Maybe because this was my first jaunt across it alone?  Daddy had always insisted on being with me.  Who knows?  That could have been fueling the blaze of its beauty?  Or maybe proving I was a big-girl now added to my excitement?
My carefree stroll began to slow the deeper I trekked.  I looked up through the dense mask of the trees.  The vibrant blue sky was no longer visible.  The leaf laden towering oaks and soaring pines had seen to that.  I stopped for a moment.  I couldn’t hear any of the wild songbirds that had been accompanying me merely seconds ago.  I scanned the woods, listening intently for their melodic chirps.  I didn’t hear a thing.  Nothing.  Nothing at all that is, until something that sounded like a voice began to rustle the leaves.  The faint whisper seemed to be calling out to me like a gentle breeze, and oddly, calling me by my name.
“Shiloh . . . SHILOH,” the frail voice chanted over and over.  A creepy feeling inundated my senses.  I felt as though someone was watching me somewhere up ahead through the dense landscape and veiled by the trees.  The voice moaned again, but it was now too low and muffled to make out what it was saying.  Then all of a sudden, a smell ignited my nostrils like dynamite.  The intoxicating mixture of lilacs and pine had been replaced with an odd stench of sulfur.  The scent was so pungent I could taste it on the tip of my tongue and reminded me of the rotten Easter eggs I’d found hidden in the bushes around our house only yesterday.
The next thing I knew, my entire body had been besieged by a blinding fear.  I was helplessly paralyzed right where my naïve little frame stood.  I closed my eyes for just a few seconds as my little-girl instincts took hold and tried to magically wish the scary feeling away.  When they opened, the sanctuary of my enchanted forest was filling with a dense black fog at an alarming rate.  It covered the ground and was creeping towards me, purposely.  I stood there — still unable to move — apprehensively watching the fluid mist as it rolled closer and closer like waves reaching for the shore.  Then it stopped and hovered near the tips of my toes.  I was frightened, but found myself awestruck by its mystical presence.  Gingerly, I stretched my toes towards the black mist.  As soon as my bare foot grazed its edge, a jolt of pure pain shot up my leg — a pain so excruciating it felt like someone had set my foot on fire and was stabbing me at the same time.  Without delay, the fog coiled around my leg like a snake as it tightened its grasp and then jerked me down onto the ground.
My freshly picked flowers flew out of my hand and into the air.  They littered the ground where I flailed about in a violent fit for what seemed like forever.  Somehow I managed to wiggle free — luckily — and ran back to my house as fast as I could.  Countless twigs raked my limbs as I tunneled my way to safety.  Every one of their harsh scrapes urged my tiny legs to make haste.  Though I never looked back, I could feel whatever had attacked me was still hot on my tail and like any predator, closing in for the kill.  Breathless and trembling, I quickened my pace as soon as I spotted the fence that bordered our property.  With one strenuous leap, I hurled myself over the pickets, slicing my leg from my knobby knee straight down to my ankle and landed face-first in the grass on the other side…




I AWOKE IN A THROATY GASP and clutched my wildly beating chest.  Automatically, I swiped my hand down my right leg to see if I was bleeding.  I wasn’t.  Not a drop.  It felt as smooth as ever.  Even the throbs that pummeled every inch of my lacerated arms had disappeared.  I sprang to my feet and gathered any sensory data I could.  My heavy breaths became more controlled as the muddled, yet familiar sights filtered through my rattled head.
Oak mantle… Mirror… My father’s leather chair… My mother’s glass curio and her stash of wine bottles…  I looked down at the sofa and then over to the pale flush of the TV.  The same one I’d left on and apparently fallen asleep watching after I’d come downstairs around midnight, when I was unable to sleep.  I collapsed onto the sofa, thankful that it was only a dream.
Well, at least THIS TIME.
The recollection was so jarringly vivid and despite my firm realization of “the present”, this soon-to-be eighteen year-old felt rightfully alarmed.  I took one more deep breath and exhaled as much of my panic as I could.  Part of me couldn’t believe that I’d dreamed about THAT DAY, let alone thought about it, especially in such horrifying detail.  It was a single incident that happened almost thirteen years ago.  A day I consciously chose not to dwell on for my own sanity.  But I guess even a girl’s defenses are prone to take the night-off.  I should have known my nighttime slumber would be full of troubles.  I went to bed feeling downright pissy.  Granted, my shift at the Sterling Drive-In was rough, but I suspected something else was at play.  Nope.  There wasn’t a doubt in my mind that my horror-show had been graciously manifested by an overactive psyche all because of a “simple request” — a favor, coerced by my maliciously manipulative mother and equally scheming little sister.  Yep, a string-laden act of kindness that had twisted my arm (and my nerves) into submission, wrenched at the hands of the travel agent for guilt trips and the apple-of-her-eye trainee.
“Some FAVOR”, I grumbled.  The cringe that rocked my body alone could have put me in the Seizure Hall of Fame.  I thought it best to put that “good deed” out of my mind.  ’Cause Saturday will be here soon enough, I affirmed with a nauseous roll.
You would never know it now, but my mother, Charlotte Wallace, seemed to actually care for me when I was little, or at least she pretended a lot better.  Over the years, she had grown so cold towards me, even in light of my generous and appeasing nature.  To say we were “distant” would be like declaring the Grand Canyon was “just a ditch”.  In fact, things had gotten so bad between us that I’d stopped addressing her as “Mom” when I’d turned 16, two years ago — but never around my father.  That was way too disrespectful in his book, and I would never, ever want to disappoint him in any way.  But to be quite honest, Daddy didn’t even know about our little feud, and I sure wasn’t about to tell him.  Charlotte waited to unleash her wrath when he wasn’t around and covered her icy words with sugar whenever he was.
I had to think back a ways (a really long ways) to time when things weren’t so bad between us.  My head fell back as I let out a laugh.  And as crazy as coincidence can be, it was actually around the time of my harrowing run-for-my-life stroll across the ridge.
I remember my mother had just stepped outside to hang up some wet laundry when she found me lying on the ground, trembling and terrified.  She dropped her basket and rushed over to see if I was okay.  I asked her to look into the woods, at the ghost-like fog that had been chasing me.  She didn’t see anything at all and insisted I must have imagined it.  Once I’d calmed down — ironically — she gave me a spanking and ordered me to never go back out there, ever again!  Truthfully, nothing could’ve been further from my mind.  I told Daddy about it as soon as he came home from work.  He seemed to be the only one who believed me, or at least he acted like he did for my sake.  The incident scared me so much that I snuck into their bedroom every night for a week, just to soothe the sting of my repeated dreams.  Then one day after school, Daddy surprised me by painting my bedroom door a lovely lavender color.  He insisted that the door was “magical” and nothing bad could harm me while I was in my room sleeping.  His imaginative scheme must have worked because I haven’t had a bad dream since.  Then again, that was also around the time my mother gave me, and my little sister, Chloe, our matching lucky golden charms.
I lifted the little gold oval locket off my chest and gave it a few comforting twists.  Her surprise gift was honestly the last motherly thing I can remember — her final show of maternal kindness that would be second nature to most.  She even had them each engraved with our initials in an elegant script.  I could never get mine to open — no matter how hard I tried.  Daddy ended up taking it downtown to Stowell’s jewelry shop.  After several unsuccessful attempts, Mr. Stowell feared he might damage it if he tried to pry it open.  Our mother had placed something special in them.  Chloe’s held a picture of Mom on one side and Daddy on the other.  Since I already knew what was inside the locket, the need to open it diminished and eventually passed.  It was more precious to me knowing it was a present from my mother, given out of love.  I never took it off.  I never wanted to.  The little gold locket gave me a sense of security, and I always found myself reaching for it whenever I was upset.  It was a gift that reminded me of one thing — that my mother was once capable of loving me unconditionally.  Deep down, I think it also gave me hope that maybe one day, she could feel the same love in her heart for me again.  In spite of all the unwavering turmoil between us, I needed that security.
A small tear began to form as I clutched the little oval locket.  My fingertips traced the finely etched line of the curly “S”.  I flipped it over to the side I kept hidden — the side that had been engraved with my actual name.  I quickly released the locket and wiped the corners of my misty eyes.  Now there was a slap in the face reminder, which only added insult to injury — right now in particular.  I was named after that creepy ridge and reminded of that unsettling fact on numerous occasions.  However, since THAT DAY — when I saw that THING or whatever IT was — not only did I never want to step one foot on that daggone patch of land ever again, I didn’t even want my name associated with it.  In an attempt to distance myself from the unnerving event, I changed the “i” in my name, to a “y”, strategically manipulating it into “Shyloh”.  That really pissed off Charlotte, but it helped me — a little.  No one else has ever officially acknowledged the switch.  A few of my teachers have even knocked a point or two off my assignments for what they viewed as being “an error”.  But even as grade-oriented as I leaned, as long as I still made an “A”, their deduction was fine by me.  (Yes — Totally “psycho-silly” and pathetically true)
I couldn’t help but let out a caustic little laugh trying to lighten my gloomy mood.  Regardless of what made my bad dreams come to an end, whether it was her gift or Daddy’s trick with my bedroom door, I’ve never seen that fog-like creature again, or even dreamt about it until today.  Realistically, those tactics only work when dealing with the mind of a child.  Psychological ploys aside, I knew it was only because I’ve stayed the hell off that ridge and nothing would make me go back out there again.  Absolutely NOTHING!
A soft chime rang from our grandfather clock, sounding its hourly chorus.  It was 5:00 AM.  Both the sun and Daddy would be arriving soon.  My father, Caiden Wallace, worked the night shift at the Riverside Pocahontas Coalmine.  He was one of their senior foremen and without question, he loved his job.  I just hoped he had a job to “go to” for many years to come.  Now that was something else that had this carefree high-school senior’s little head fraught with worry.
Rumors had been floating around Welch for the past month that its owner, Harper Riverside, was trying his damndest to sell it.  A few weeks ago, I’d overheard his son, Mike, complaining to some of his buddies that his dad thought the mine was becoming a “headache” and way more trouble than what it was worth.  Even though it was one of the safest mines around, the state had imposed a slew of new mandatory regulations.  Mike said his dad was constantly griping about all the money he was going to have to shell out to get it up to snuff.  The whole town was churning with fearful thoughts and its rumor-mill was working overtime, cranking out horrific speculations by the hour.  A round of lay-offs would leave hundreds of employees out of a job with no decent work to be found for miles.  A sale would send the local coalminer’s union into a tizzy about having to renegotiate their contracts and most likely whittle their workforce in half.  And lastly, a straight-up closure would utterly devastate the town.  I could just picture all the tumbleweeds rolling down Main Street and crashing into abandoned buildings caked with dust.  Talk about your pick of poisons.  None of them had a smooth bite.
I turned off the TV and used what little light was beaming into the living room from the porch light to guide me over to our front window.  I gently pushed pack a small section of sheers.  My foot tapped on the hardwood floor impatiently, waiting for the telltale sign of headlights coming around the bend.  I wanted to catch Daddy before he headed off to bed, but I was also dying to know if there had been any official word yet…’cause limbo sucks!
Since I’d started my senior year a couple of months ago, I rarely got to spend any time with Daddy.  Breakfast and a few minutes in the late afternoon, before his shift began at the mine, was all I could catch during the week.  The weekends weren’t any better, what with me working at the Sterling Drive-In.  My mother seemed to be annoyed by his new schedule as well.  Not because he was gone at night, but because he was home during the day.  That was her time.  Even though he would usually be sleeping, Charlotte constantly complained that he was and I quote, “interrupting her routine”.  Her so-called “routine” consisted of lying around the house watching TV, reality shows mostly.  Then there were her trips to the beauty salon or out to lunch with a friend, and of course, all of her spur-of-the-moment shopping sprees that she and my little sister would take to the mall in Bluefield.  Busy, busy, busy.  I see why she doesn’t have any time to clean the house or go to the grocery store… But then again, why buy groceries when you aren’t the one who cooks anyway?  If I’d learned anything from living with my mother over the years, one credo held true — Around our house, it was “fend for self”.  Unless your name was Chloe, that is.
Secretly, I wished we could heal our broken bond.  But how can you fix what’s wrong when you don’t know how it got broken in the first place?  I truly envied Charlotte and Chloe’s relationship.  Even though I didn’t share their egocentric outlooks on life, I did want to find some way to fit into their world — at least coexist with them without too much chaos or drama.  Which is ultimately why I caved to the favor they had asked last night.  My frame dropped into my father’s leather chair with a heavy “plop” of defeat, remembering last night’s events in dreadful high-def detail.
My shift at the Sterling Drive In was nothing less than rough.  The early dinner crowd had started off particularly demanding, and by the time Kara Leighton clocked in, it turned downright grueling — yet another evening of cleaning up after HER customers and picking up HER slack while she flirted with every guy thumping a pulse.  To make matters worse, Coach Earl Hayes, the head of our school’s football team and my gym teacher, made his usual Wednesday night appearance, along with his wife and their four year-old little monster in tow.  And if that weren’t enough, Chloe topped it off when she and her “too cocky for words” senior boyfriend, Mike Riverside pulled into the parking lot.  Needless to say, between a huge mess that Jeffery Hayes had made (which kept me from punching out on-time) and a heated exchange with my oh-so sweet little sister and her jerk-of-a-boyfriend, I needed the rest of my night to be uneventful.  I should have taken it as a bad sign when I pulled up to the house at quarter to eleven and all the downstairs lights were still on.  I tried to sneak up to my bedroom, but fate had other grand plans for me.  My mother busted me while I was creeping up the staircase — all because I’d forgotten to turn my cell on vibrate.  I knew I should have climbed up the side of the house and snuck in through my window.  She was the one who had called me.  I would soon find out that she needed me, finally…for the first time in a long while.  But what she needed was a favor.
Funny, I didn’t know she even knew my number.
Knowing my location had been announced like the shuddering sound of a gong rolling through the house, I huffed and puffed back down the steps as pouty as a toddler.  Suspiciously, I peeked into the living room.  An open bottle of white wine sat atop Charlotte’s curio cabinet.  Almost empty.  Great… Looks like it’s drunk Charlotte tonight, I predicted as I headed to the kitchen.  She must have been low on Xanax.  I preferred a medicated mother.  That way, she was only half as witchy.
I grabbed hold of the doorframe and swung myself around into the brightly lit kitchen.  There they were, the “terrible-twosome”, huddled around our round oak table that sat in the center of the room.  I felt the weight of their eyes scrutinizing me like they were about to hold court and the lowly peasant they’d summoned had finally arrived to do their bidding.
As I’d figured, Charlotte was sipping on a glass of white wine in her usual lush-like fashion.  I noticed her dark roots had been touched up, so she must have spent the day at Ginny’s Salon.  If Charlotte wasn’t sleeping, drinking, or fussing, she was usually pampering herself.  What else would you expect from someone who spent twenty years competing in local and state beauty pageants — only to be chosen as First-Runner up all their life?  From what Daddy had told me, the coveted crown always went to Beverly Rhodes, her childhood best-frienemy.  Honestly, if they’d only been judged on looks, I really didn’t see why she’d never won a single title (though I totally got why the honor of Miss Congeniality had eluded her).  Even in her early 40’s, Charlotte was still quite a stunner, though a little timeworn — naturally.  She was a super thin, bleach-blonde, blue-eyed mother of two teenage daughters who wasn’t about to let her youth slip away without a fight.  At least not without the help of a little Botox oiling her boxing gloves.
“How was school?” Charlotte inquired in an icky-sweet tone.
My mother rarely showed any interest in me and never in my scholastic life.  The only time she thought about school was in the middle of summer, when she wished it were back in session.  Plus, her sugary tongue surprised me, so naturally I was skeptical.
“Fine…I guess.  I, um…have a big Geology test tomorrow, and I really need to go study for it,” I stressed.  I was just about to make a hasty u-turn when Charlotte’s voice nixed my spin.
“And how was work?”  My mother’s blue eyes widened as she pulled her harsh blonde locks behind her ears, suggesting she truly cared about what I had to say.
“The usual,” I replied warily.  It suddenly dawned on me what she was hinting about.  “I won’t get paid until Friday,” I added.  The two of them were probably in here discussing what to purchase this week with my paltry check — their “hurricane relief fund” when they were low on cash.
Charlotte lifted her glass and took a gulp of wine while she waved her other hand in the air.  Once her glass was back on the table, she smiled at me.  She didn’t seem to care about the paycheck.  I couldn’t help but ponder, If she’s not concerned about that, then what’s with her interest in “me”?
Charlotte’s bizarre interrogation continued.  “Do you have plans this weekend, dear?” she asked sweetly.
I thought my eyes were going to pop out of my head at her choice of the word “dear”.  If it weren’t for the fact that Chloe didn’t work (except on a tan), I wouldn’t think for one second her question was aimed at me.
After an awkwardly long pause, “Yes” finally shot out of my gaping mouth.  “I’m working Friday and Saturday.  It’s Homecoming.  You know how crowded it’ll be, especially after the game.”
Charlotte smacked her hand on the table.  “I’d completely forgotten that Homecoming is this weekend,” my mother replied.
That was an obvious lie.  She was one of the football boosters this year and had been up Coach Hayes’ butt for months.  Homecoming was the most important game of the season.  Chloe was even chosen as one of the attendants on the Sophomore Court.  I seriously doubted she had forgotten about that.
“Why?” I probed.  My birthday was on Sunday.  Was it possible she was actually going to acknowledge it this year?  I wasn’t about to hold my breath.  Daddy always handled that.  For as long as I could remember, I would wake up in bed on the morning of my big day to Daddy holding a lit, store-bought cake and singing “Happy Birthday”.  That was one of our special traditions that only he and I shared.  One time, he tried to make one from scratch.  We didn’t have any box mixes in the house — bless his heart — so his attempt turned out to be a huge disaster.  In spite of that, my dependable and surprisingly resourceful father marched into my room with a stack of his blueberry pancakes (my favorite), topped with a long white tapered candle that he’d snagged from one of the pillars in the dining room.  He claimed that he wanted to do something different, but I knew the truth.  Mom hadn’t picked one up, like he had requested.  So that year, it was truly “the thought” that counted.
Charlotte shrugged her shoulders.  “I just thought you might be going to the dance,” she hinted in her coyest of voices.
“No.  I’m not,” I replied.  A thousand reasons why I didn’t plan on going raced through my head.  Spending a night-off with the same hormone-enraged classmates I saw everyday at school and every evening at the Drive-In — No thank you!  I was selective about how I liked to spend my personal time, preferably doing more meaningful things.  If I wasn’t working, then I was either studying or hanging out with my best friend, Katie Stowell.  She hadn’t mentioned having a date for the dance, so I just assumed we would get together after my shift and watch chick-flicks at her house until dawn.  I wasn’t into the school’s “social scene” like my sister and couldn’t think of a single soul I was even remotely interested in going with anyway.  Well, not when the only guy I’d ever crushed on was currently dating someone else.  He would obviously be taking his “girl-friend”.  Ugh!  If you could call her that.  I’m sure I wasn’t even a blip on his pulse-pounding radar.
Why on earth would she think I would go out with some random guy I wasn’t even into for the sake of being “seen” at a dance because of social pressure?
Though I had to admit, there was one thing that made the thought of a school dance sound appealing — the getting ready for it.  A beautiful dress, matching shoes, a sparkly purse, maybe even going down to Ginny’s Salon to have my hair styled to perfection, possibly a make-over…and even a manicure.  Now that I rationalized, was the only perk.  I rarely pampered myself, but I was by no means a tomboy.  All the girly attention had always been paid towards Chloe over the years.  A perfect case in point: Halloween, ten unforgettable years ago.  Both of us wanted to go as Cinderella.  Daddy was to dress up like Prince Charming, and Mom would go as the Fairy Godmother when they took us around to trick-or-treat.  When the big day arrived, Chloe came down the stairs dressed in a beautiful satin gown that Mom had picked up especially for her.  My costume, however, consisted of a ratty old peasant skirt and my hair in a kerchief.  My mother even handed me an old metal pail to hold the candy I would collect and stained my face with coal dust.  She explained that we were both Cinderella.  I was simply the version of the fairy tale princess just before the magic spell was cast.
No wonder I have issues…
My sister’s eyes kept raising and lowering as she looked over at Charlotte.  That piqued my curiosity.  What’s Chloe doing or more important, what does she want?
“What’s going on, Chloe?” I demanded.  “Why are you darting your eyes like that?”
“Shiloh,” my mother announced.  “Chloe has a bit of a…dilemma.  It’s quite serious and as a family, we have to do everything we can to help her with this.”
I was taken aback for a moment.  What’s so serious that they need “the family’s” help?
My eyes narrowed like a doorstop.  “You’re pregnant?” I blurted.
“Hush your mouth!” they shrieked in unison.
“I said this is SERIOUS!” Charlotte snapped.
Well, excuse me…  Against my better judgment, I pulled out a chair and sat down, somewhat intrigued.  What could be more serious than a teen pregnancy?  This ought to be good.
Charlotte began, “As you know, your sister has been dating Mike Riverside for almost two months now.  Even though they’re VERY serious, it’s still a young relationship in its early stages…so it’s extremely fragile.”
Amused (and desperate to keep a straight-face), I pressed my lips together while I watched Charlotte compose herself like a doctor who was about to inform their patient that they had a rare, incurable illness.  I, like Daddy, hated the idea of Chloe dating such an over-indulged, obnoxious creep.  The only reason he hadn’t forbidden their union was because Mike’s father was his boss.  Our mother, on the other hand, was overjoyed.  I wouldn’t be the least bit surprised if she had already registered their china pattern at the Mercer Mall.
And for the record, Chloe was an attractive girl, cutesy really, and a cheerleader — so it wasn’t like her options were limited.  I’m sure almost every guy in her sophomore class would line-up for a date.  I secretly envied her long raven locks that framed her perfectly round face and made her big hazel eyes pop out like two stars.  She could do A LOT better than Mike Riverside, in my opinion.  The idea of her going out with the most arrogant senior — with the worst reputation for girls, might I add — made me want to puke.  So basically, I couldn’t care less about this Romeo and Juliet saga unless it ended with Chloe getting knocked in the head with a lick of sense followed by a break-up initiated by “her”.
My mother took another hefty swig of her wine and continued, “The Homecoming dance on Saturday can only be attended by juniors and seniors — no exceptions — even though Chloe’s a member of the Sophomore Court.”  Charlotte shook her head in disapproval.  “Elisa Riverside is the chairwoman over the committee.  She won’t allow Mike to go to the dance dateless, just because his girlfriend isn’t eligible to attend.”
“Um, sooo… Chloe’s upset that Mike has to take someone else?” I guessed.
“In a way…but Chloe wouldn’t be devastated if he went with someone she trusted,” Charlotte interjected.
There wasn’t one friend of Chloe’s who could be “trusted” with Mike Riverside, especially not any of her cheer-chums on the squad.  Pretty much every girl in town was looking to land him like a 747 jet.  He was the son of Harper Riverside, the wealthy owner of the coalmine where most all the girls in town fathers’ were employed.  Oh, I could think of about fifty-plus million reasons why none of them could be trusted all right.
“So?” I probed.  “Who’s the lucky, loyal friend you’ve picked to go to the dance with Mike?”
Chloe quickly flashed me her sweet & innocent smile.  Nothing good ever came from that facial expression.  “Not one of my friends,” Chloe replied.  “I’m talking about you… My loyal sister.”
I practically knocked over my chair when I shot straight up out of my seat.
“NO!” I objected.  “Absolutely not!  Have you two lost your daggone minds?  WE CAN’T STAND EACH OTHER!” I roared.  Mike Riverside was a complete ass, but in all fairness, I could totally see why most of my peers idolized him.  He “had it all”.  Yeah…he was good-looking (it pains me to admit it), and his frame was that of a typical quarterback’s — tall and chiseled.  His sandy blonde hair was always gelled to perfection, and he dressed in nothing but designer clothes.  I’d be willing to bet Mike had more ponies on the shirts in his closet than there were running around the whole freakin’ state.  What teenage girl at our school could resist him?  His parents’ fortune and their breathtaking mansion were merely icing on the cake.  And unfortunately for my little sister, most everything with two legs and a “XX” chromosome at our school wanted a slice.  But I WAS NOT about to be a party to this desperate, and not to mention, ludicrous scheme!
I took a staggering breath and continued, “I know it would be a crowning achievement to get Chloe married off into the Riverside family but…Come on, Charlotte!  Their relationship will be over before the first snowfall.”  Or the first zipper fall, I noted silently.  “He’s just using her!  Mike Riverside doesn’t care about anyone but himself!”
Chloe let out a shrill wail and started to cry uncontrollably.  Charlotte had her arms locked around my little sister in an instant, consoling her like a true mother would.
“Don’t pay any attention to her, sweetie,” my mother urged to Chloe as she rocked her back and forth.  “She doesn’t know anything about true love.  She’s never experienced it!” Charlotte barked as she tightened her hug.  She took another swig of wine and slammed her glass down on the hard oak tabletop.  “I’ll never understand WHY you insist on shutting us out of your life, Shiloh…regardless of how much love we give you.  You never think of anyone else!  ONLY YOURSELF!”  One lonely (and obviously forced) tear trickled down her cheek as she stared at me, waiting for a response.
My mouth about hit the floor.  Charlotte was really earning her Oscar tonight.  She’s got to be kiddin’!  “I’m” the “selfish one”?  Is she so delusional that she can’t see it’s been HER all these years who hasn’t wanted any part of my life?
My gaze fell on Chloe.  A part of my heart did ache for her.  She might be more knowledgeable (or rather “experienced”) about certain aspects of a relationship, but she was certainly misguided about true love and what it meant.  Compassionately, I knelt beside my little sister.
“Look, Chloe… I don’t mean to upset you.  I honestly don’t, but this is something I wouldn’t feel comfortable doing.”  Without delay, my little sister’s head hit the table in one dramatic “thud” and continued to sob.  Knowing the mood in the room was unlikely to improve, I offered her a heartfelt, “I’m really sorry, Chloe,” as I rose from her side and slowly turned to exit the kitchen.
“Well, this weekend is RUINED!” Charlotte proclaimed.  “I just hope Chloe will be able to put a smile on her face Sunday…at your birthday dinner.”
I paused in the doorway.  “What birthday dinner?” I mumbled.
“I guess the cat’s out of the bag now,” Charlotte declared with a hint of disappointment in her voice.  “Well now, you have to promise that you won’t tell your father, of course…But…he wanted to drive over to Twin Falls for dinner and then we’re…NO.  I shouldn’t say anymore.  I’ve already run my big mouth enough for the evening and spoiled half of your father’s surprise.  I would hate to ruin the best part.”
I was bursting with curiosity, but I couldn’t summon the courage to turn around, let alone look her in the eyes.  Twin Falls was a quaint resort, nestled in the woods near Pineville.  It housed a fancy restaurant that people flocked to in droves for special occasions.  I’d only been there once with Katie and her family, but I longed to go back.
A special birthday dinner there would be a treat all by itself… What else could Daddy be planning?
I turned around unavoidably, like a fish being yanked on a hook.  “What part shouldn’t you tell me?” I asked.
My mother could run a P.O.W. camp in Vietnam.  Charlotte said nothing for what seemed like minutes, although I knew it was merely seconds.  Finally, her mouth started to move.
“Your father and I were going to tell you about your present after dinner,” Charlotte announced.  “It’s a trip we’re taking in a few weeks.”
Chloe stopped crying abruptly.  “What trip?” my little sister sniffled.  Charlotte’s eyes widened as she looked at Chloe and nudged her arm.
“The trip…you know, to let Shiloh tour some colleges, remember?  She’s been sending out all those applications.  Caiden thought she might like to see a few of the schools she’s applied to and tour them for herself.”
Stunned by her announcement, I stood there silently trying to process what I thought I’d just heard.
“Really?” my voice quivered.  “There’s a trip planned…for me…to tour some colleges?”
Charlotte nodded.  “It’s nice to see someone’s in good spirits tonight,” she replied in a catty tone.
I looked at Chloe.  Her tear-stained face made me ashamed of how ecstatic I felt in the midst of her misery.  Like clockwork, “guilt” — my Achilles heel — began to rear its ugly head.
“We’ll probably go sooner than expected…if the mine shuts down,” Charlotte added.  “I hope your father receives a well-deserved severance package.  Surely the Riversides’ won’t have any indirect ill will towards him… You know what I mean?”
I certainly did know what she meant.  Elisa Riverside was an uppity snob who was bound to hold a grudge if her precious Michael ended up going dateless to such an important school function, especially since she was the chairwoman of it.  Harper Riverside wouldn’t like the awkward appearance of his son having to accommodate one of his lowly employees’ daughters either.  All things considered, it probably wouldn’t be the wisest thing right now to slight either of the Riversides’.
Just before another pang from my conscience could drive the knife further into my chest, I swallowed my pride and principles.
“I would have to ask Charlie for the night off,” I mumbled as my stare fell to the floor.  “And I don’t have a dress…not one for a formal dance.”  Instantly, Chloe sprang out of her chair and leaped towards me.  I found myself helplessly locked in her ironclad embrace.
“Thank you, Shi!” Chloe squealed.  “Don’t worry!  We’ll find you a dress tomorrow when we pick up mine for the Homecoming Court.”
Oddly, I found Chloe’s hug more gratifying than what I’d anticipated, even though I knew it was only partly genuine.  The only reason my sister was acting this way was because she was getting what she wanted — at my expense.  But as affection starved as what I was, I’d take what scraps were thrown.
“That’s fine,” I replied as I patted her back.  “I’m sure it’ll be nice.  I’m not picky…but um, I really do need to study for my test,” I reiterated.
Charlotte waved me away.  “Sure, sure.  Run along now,” she insisted.  My mother couldn’t have been more obvious about wanting me to leave now that their business was done.
I pulled out my cell and sent my boss, Charlie Fisher, a quick text requesting “Saturday off” as I worked my way back down the hall.  I’d never asked to change my schedule before and always came in when he needed me, so I didn’t think he’d have a problem accommodating their request.  As I headed up the steps to the peaceful sanctuary of my bedroom, I couldn’t help but wonder, If I’m putting up this much of a fuss, what the heck is Mike going to say?
AND THAT, I felt certain was the cherry that topped off my rotten evening, inevitably spurring a restless night and spawning one hell of a bad dream!
“Yep.  Some FAVOR,” I repeated, shaking my head as I continued to stare out the living room window.  Ugh…  Strangely, the proverb, “That which doesn’t kill us, makes us stronger,” shot through my head like a cannon.  It didn’t help.  Not a lick.  I knew I should have slept on it before rendering my final decision.  But what’s done is done.  I couldn’t break Chloe’s heart.  The big sister that I’d always wanted her to look up to didn’t want that.  Not in the least.  No matter how miserable I was going to be.
Let’s just hope that between me and Mike, I’m the one who makes it out alive!
Suddenly a building beam broke through the murky darkness.  It was heading this way and not a moment too soon.  The lighted roll bar fired my synapses like a starter pistol.  Samuel’s Jeep.  It was his turn to drive and my father’s best-bud and co-worker was bringing him home.  I came in a hair of throwing open the front door but paused when I heard the engine shut off.  That only meant one thing: Man-Meetin’ on the porch.  The kind of secret summit that revolved around guy gossip, the occasional six-packs of beer (pending the time of day), and work-woes galore.  And in light of recent rumors, they had enough of them to fill a coal truck.
I crept back into the living room, positioning myself as close to the window as I could.  This wasn’t my first eavesdropping escapade, not by a long shot.  But I only did it in an emergency and only when it came to the really important stuff.  And this was one of those times.
It didn’t take them long to hit on the subject of the mine and its future.  Daddy and Samuel bounced around a few questions, but nothing with any real meat.  The only thing that perked up my ears like Scooby Doo was Daddy mentioning something about a meeting later today at three o’clock, but he never said with who or why.  Samuel didn’t prod him for any more information, so he obviously knew.
I bet I could get it out of him, I thought.  Samuel was no pushover by any means, but we had a special bond.  Samuel had been a huge part of my life for as long as I could remember — like family — and I fully enjoyed the perks of being his “honorary” daughter.  He didn’t have any children of his own or any living kin for that matter.  The only relative of Samuel’s that I knew about was his wife, Sarah, but I’d never gotten the chance to meet her…and unfortunately, never would.
Sarah Clark passed away long before I was born.  I’d always wondered why Samuel had never remarried until one hot, August evening over eight years ago.  I’d overheard him talking to Daddy about her as they kicked back on the porch, unwinding with a few cold-ones.  Daddy was dropping hints to Samuel about Eve Andrews, one of the secretaries who worked the day shift.  She had stressed to Daddy (on several occasions) how much she would love to go on a date with Samuel.  He let Daddy know real quick that he wasn’t the least bit interested.   I listened as he revealed to Daddy that, “No other woman who roamed the earth could even come close to taking Sarah’s place, and as long as she was in his heart, there wouldn’t be room for anyone else”.  Samuel was just thankful for what time he’d had with her and insisted, “He would carry her love with him forever”.  That was the only time I’d ever seen Samuel teary-eyed.  I remembered thinking how romantic it had sounded.
Sad, but still romantic.
I couldn’t blame Eve.  Samuel was such a thoughtful, caring man.  Of course, the fact that he was also one of the few, handsome men in the 50 & up bracket with a good job and single, only heightened the value of his date-ability stock.  Samuel’s brown skin was as silky as cocoa (he called it “miner mocha”), and his hair was as black as night, with only a wisp of gray.  That was new.  I thought it made him look distinguished — he begged to differ.  My favorite feature was his eyes.  They were a rich shade of brown, much darker than his skin, but they were the warmest hue I’d ever seen.  You couldn’t say no to them.  Then again, he couldn’t say no to my baby-blues either.  Not his “honorary daughter”.  And he was my surrogate father in every way.
Frankly speaking, a girl needed TWO good apple fathers to cancel out the mother who was rotten to the core.
A few roaring yawns later, Samuel was poking down the steps and Daddy was unlocking the front door.  He was walking into the foyer before I knew it.  I would have loved a little daddy-time, but I didn’t want him to catch me in my shameless act.  So, I crouched behind his leather chair and hunkered down there quietly until I heard the soft “creak” of his bedroom door.  I seized my chance for some early morning scoop and rushed outside.  Samuel was moving so slow he had barely made it halfway to his Jeep.
“Samuel,” I called out as I hurried to catch him, aiming for an audible whisper.
“Shiloh Wallace!  The chickens ain’t even up yet!” Samuel answered, except not as hushed.  The gravels he kicked up alone when he whipped around sounded like a daggone landslide.  With a tilt of his head, my surrogate father eyed my intentions the closer I stepped.  “What’s got you stewin’?”
I swear that man can smell worry in a cow pasture.  “Oh, what do you think?” I countered.  I’d been around Samuel long enough to know that a “direct approach” was the best route to go.  All “evasive” and “coy” got you was a frank drawn-out stare.
“I haven’t heard a thing,” Samuel stated.  He even threw up his hand.  “I swear.”
I locked my arms firmly at my waist.  “Nothin’?” I badgered.
“Nope,” Samuel reiterated with a laugh.  “Not one iota.”
“What about the meeting today at three o’clock?” I posed.
Samuel glanced at the front porch and let out a laugh.  “It seems you’ve been up for a while.”
“I’m just really worried,” I admitted.
“You and the rest of the town,” Samuel replied.  “You might as well just put it out of your mind.  We’re gonna get our answer soon enough.”
“I know,” I conceded and leaned in for one of his comforting bear hugs.  I figured that couldn’t hurt, and I needed one.
“You’re gonna get coal dust all over you,” Samuel scolded and gave my butt a swift smack.  “Go on, Shi.  Head on into the house and try to catch ya a few Z’s before school.”
“All right,” I agreed and headed towards the porch.  “Hey,” I called out as I opened the screen door.
Samuel whipped around.  “WHAT?”
I grinned.  “Don’t forget… Someone’s birthday is this Sunday,” I announced.
Samuel rolled his eyes and shook his head.  “Oh, I know,” he hollered back with a wink and opened the door of his banged-up old Jeep.  “Don’t you worry.  I’ll be sure to do something special for whomever that person turns out to be.”  After one quick slam and a good rev of his engine, Samuel was whipping out of our gravel drive and on his way home.
The harsh “squeak” of the front door hinges butchered my nerves.  A barrage of worries swirled like a relentless twister in my head and weighed heavier than my steps as I moped up the stairs.

My restless night…
My horrible dream…
The looming favor…
The mine…
My father’s job…
Our town…

With all that, I should have known today would be one I would never, EVER forget…


Chapter  2  —  Penny for Your Worries

I headed straight for the bathroom.  After all, it was morning, I was up, and it was time to get ready for school.  Like I’d done hundreds of times before, I blindly reached behind the shower curtain and gave the chunky cross knob a full twist.  I began to undress, wishing all my troubles could be shed as easily as my clothes.  I wandered over to the mirror above the old pedestal sink and paused to gaze at the person staring back at me.  My almond-shaped blue eyes commenced with a slow scrutinizing sweep.
I definitely wouldn’t call myself “high-maintenance”, but wouldn’t say I was a Plain Jane either.  I just honestly didn’t see what all the fuss was about.  Not like Chloe did.  All the drama involved with CONSTANTLY trying to appear desirable to guys just to “hook one” was borderline-insanity in my book.  But I seemed to be in the minority, especially around my school.  Most of the girls there felt their self-worth was defined by their “relationship status”.  Confidence, high morals, and convictions were replaced with slutty clothes, warped values, backstabbing, and putting-out.  They seemed to do anything and everything in their relationship endeavors — except be true to themselves.  Just to lay claim to some random guy as their “boyfriend”?  Their trophy?  Simply watching their tireless charades seemed nothing less than exhausting (though sometimes humorous).  Realistically, why waste the time?  Did they honestly think fate had dropped all of their destine soul mates conveniently within the confines of one small-town high school?  There was about a one-in-a-million chance of that happening.  Maybe more?  Like most teenage-flings, they would all inevitably come to grave ends — resulting in teary swollen eyes, Facebook drama, and a prolonged period of agonizing heartbreak.  I vowed years ago — That would NEVER be me!
The mirror was well past misty now, but I continued to stare at my reflection, despite my disappearing face.  For the past several years, I’d had more important things on my mind and boy-chasing wasn’t one of them.  My goal was simple really.  I planned on graduating from Welch High School, Summa Cum Laude (preferably), so I could coast into a great college and get the heck out of Welch, West Virginia.  The opportunities around here were extremely limited, especially for women — with the obvious exception of working for minimum wage and/or getting pregnant every other year, until my uterus fell out.  I’d been focusing on my escape plan for so long that I hadn’t really given the opposite sex much of a thought.  But it’s not like boys never popped into my head.  Of course they would — from time to time.  But I was being rational.  I made school my number one priority and felt there would be plenty of time for the opposite sex — later.  Plus, the guy I’d had a crush on since first-grade had been dating the school slut for over a year, which certainly helped sway the direction of my romantic pendulum.  My fingers brushed over my naturally strawberry-hued lips.  That unfortunate pairing — along with my convictions — is why I’m almost eighteen years old and have never been kissed…
However, there may be a small part of me that envied girls like that — just a little.  And possibly, there might have been a few times when I would have preferred to look a “little more appealing”.  I’d be the first to admit my attire leaned more on the conservative-side, and I hardly wore any make-up.  Perfume was even a rarity.  The only smell my skin emitted was a clean scent from my bath soap.  Those girly-luxuries simply weren’t an option in my household — at least not for me.  I had acquired my father’s work ethic.  You kept yourself busy — from sunup to sundown.  And just like him, I always tried to save my money.  Currently, I was attempting to bank most of it for college — a necessity.  But even though Daddy made a good living, it seemed our household was constantly strapped for cash (what with having a materialistic mother and a spoiled rotten, gets-anything-her-heart-desires younger sister).  Without fail, I ended up shelling out most of my money for their trivial wants, rather than for my own selfless needs.  I always caved to their requests in an attempt to keep a reasonable amount of peace around the house, but mostly to take the pressure off Daddy — another necessity.  After all, he worked too hard, and I never wanted to add to his financial-frustration the way my mother and sister would (without batting a freakin’ eye).
I was just grateful knowing I would be getting a much-needed reprieve come next fall — that is, IF I would ever hear from any of the colleges I’d sent applications.  Now that was something else that was really bothering me, even in spite of the fact that I’d sent them kind of early.  Motivated and eager.  That was me.
Yep… Just add that one to the list, I mumbled quietly.
I knew I shouldn’t be overly worried about it, but I was.  I mean my SAT score came back a 2290.  It wasn’t a 2400, but it was still pretty damn good.  It wasn’t like I was applying to a bunch of Ivy League schools.  I was being practical — financially practical.  A state school was the most logical choice.  My short list was WVU, Virginia Tech, and the University of Tennessee.  I sure hope Daddy had planned on us touring those.  They weren’t too costly and still close enough for my old clunker to take me there and back for visits.  I figured with me getting a job close to campus, a student loan, and possibly a grant, or even better — a scholarship, I could swing it.  I planned to major in a science, but I wasn’t sure which one to pursue.  There was always the possibility of going on to medical school after I received my undergraduate degree.  I’d always been drawn to the idea of healing people.
I wonder if Charlotte would be proud of me then?  Maybe if I became a plastic surgeon?  But would my mother really want to be sedated while I hovered over her with a scalpel in my hand?  A grin stretched across my face.  Probably not.
Well, there won’t be any chance of that if I don’t get my butt ready for school.  I threw back the shower curtain.  Thank goodness Chloe’s toiletries weren’t landmines.  I’d be toast!  She kept so much crap strung out all over the bathroom we shared that there was hardly any room for my stuff — let alone me.  This would surely prepare me for dorm-life, which was bound to include a messy roommate.  Good practice run, I thought.
Ten refreshing minutes later, I was out of the shower and throwing on my fuzzy terrycloth bathrobe.  I heard a “thump” when I stepped into the hall, which made me realize I’d woken up Chloe.  She must have hurled something at her bedroom door.
“Keep it down out there!  It’s not even six!  UGH!” Chloe bellowed in her grouchy morning-voice.
“Sorry, Princess,” I hollered as I strolled to my bedroom.
I quickly threw on my clothes and pulled my damp dark-blonde mane into a ponytail, knowing it would have plenty of time to dry before school.  I had to get breakfast started.
French toast sounds like a nice treat, I thought as I trotted down the stairs.  Mmmm…and maybe some apple crisp.
As I walked down the hall, I caught the whiff of a familiar and irritating smell.  There was no need to flip on the lights.  Charlotte was already up and sitting at the kitchen table, smoking a cigarette.  I coughed as I waved my hand through the hazy air.
“Why aren’t you outside on the back porch?” I questioned innocently.
“It’s too damn cold out there…and don’t you concern yourself with where I smoke in my house!” Charlotte growled like a rabid dog.
My mother didn’t smoke often.  It’d been months since I’d seen her with one.  However, it did clue me in to what she had been doing this morning.  A few years back, I’d overheard her telling one of her friends that the only time she craved a cigarette was after sex.  Morning sex from the ice-queen was a card Charlotte only played when she wanted something.
She must have pounced on Daddy as soon as he hit the bedroom door.  I wasn’t naïve to think my parents didn’t have sex anymore.  That was one of my mother’s favorite bargaining chips.
Charlotte took a long draw off her cigarette and blew it towards me with a smile.
My eyes began to flutter when the puff of smoke hit my face.  She must’ve just finished her bowl of “bitch” for breakfast… No french toast for her!
I ignored her warm little gesture, turned on the oven, and went straight to cooking.  Prepping the green apples was first on my list.  Once all of their curly peels had been tossed into the trash, I retrieved a larger knife from the cutlery drawer, cocked my head, raised my brow, and threw my mother a smile.
I knew the sticky-sweet Charlotte Wallace from last night wouldn’t last long, but I’d kind of hoped her attitude could’ve at least held out until I’d come home from the daggone dance!  Though my eyes stayed locked on the apples I was cutting on the thick slab of butcher-block, every one of my “chops” mirrored the frustration I felt in regards to my dear, sweet mother.
Charlotte sat there rubbing her head, undeniably hung-over. “What’s for breakfast?” she groaned.
“French toast and baked apple crisp,” I replied as I ran around the kitchen gathering up all the rest of the items I needed from the fridge and the cabinets.  Maybe she’ll shut up and leave if she sees I’m busy.
“I’m not hungry,” Charlotte barked as she scooted out her chair, “but make sure you fix enough for your sister.”
“I always do,” I replied.  After all, I wasn’t the selfish one in this household — regardless of what SHE thought!
My mother wobbled over to our junk drawer and jerked it open in a huff.  After several frustrated seconds, she pulled out a fresh glue-trap, ripped open its seal, and slid it behind the fridge.  I hated those things.  They were so cruel…and my mother knew my feelings on the subject too.
“Don’t you dare throw that thing away!” Charlotte warned with a fierce glare.  “I saw a mouse running around in here, and I want it gone.  I MEAN IT!”
“Sure,” I grinned.  “I won’t touch it.”  My mother let out a foul grunt and stormed out of the kitchen.  She didn’t believe me, but I fully intended on keeping my word.  I’ll just make sure I get to Mr. Mouse, first, I affirmed with a sneaky mental nod.  When I was younger, I’d discovered (by accident) that I had a natural, uncanny knack for tracking things with my eyes and ears…and I loved the challenge of catching little critters too.  It was like a game.  Flies, mice, and even the occasional frog were no match for me.  Truthfully, all of my senses were abnormally heightened, right down to my quick reflexes.  No one could ever sneak up on me either.  It was an odd talent that I put to good use around the house — mainly to keep the kill-rate to a minimum.  The way I saw it, they had every right to buzz in the air and scamper across the earth…the same as me.
HOWEVER, I made a cold hard exception for snakes.  Hey — even a humane girl has a line drawn somewhere in the sand.
Within minutes, I had the nine slices of bread dipped and laid on the griddle.  Once all the apples had been bathed in the oatmeal mixture, I topped them off with some flour, sugar, and cinnamon.  Nothing beats the smell of warm cinnamon in the morning, I beamed and placed the casserole dish in the oven.
I’d just finished setting the timer when a warm musky scent came floating into the room.  It would’ve been hard for anyone else to pick up on it, what with the kitchen air filled with the sweet aroma of french toast sizzling on the stove, but I could.  My father’s cologne.
Not a second later, I heard Daddy’s voice calling out, “What smells so good?”
“Your favorite breakfast,” I announced proudly, “as if you have to ask.”
My father staggered into the bright kitchen, scratching his thick head of hair, which was almost as black as coal he mined, and rubbing his light blue-green eyes.  They had to be my favorite feature of his.  I always looked forward to them greeting me in the morning and today was no exception.  They were my morning cup of coffee — guaranteed to wake me up and put a smile on my face.
Daddy was freshly showered and dressed in his flannel pajamas.  The rugged, yet gentle miner looked ready for a hot meal before heading off to bed.  Even after working a long, hard shift at the mine, Daddy always had a cheery look about himself.  His crew revered and respected him.  You would be hard pressed to find someone in Welch who didn’t like him — especially since he was one of our town’s star basketball players when he attended Welch High School.  The tall and somewhat-toned, former athlete still had folks around Welch coming up to him who wanted to talk about the “big game” against the South Charleston Black Eagles from years ago.  He’d shot a 3-pointer from mid-court, with less than a second to go in the fourth quarter to win the State Championship game, 77-76.  I knew how they felt.  He’d once made our community proud, and they admired him.  I idolized him for my own special reason.  It was a simple one really — because he was my loving daddy.
“Good Morning, Shi,” Daddy said and then planted a warm peck on my cheek.  “It’s a tad bright in here.”
I flipped the toast.  “Did you have a rough shift last night?”
“Not exactly.  I mean, everyone at the mine is on edge…and my crew can’t concentrate on their work, not when they’re all afraid of losing their jobs.  I did have to pick up a lot of the slack last night.  Then I got home, and your mom wanted me to umm…help her with something.  I just haven’t gotten a chance to unwind yet.  That’s all.”
Daddy phrased Mom’s request as best he could, though his face did appear a bit flushed.  Sort of like when Chloe and I were little and asked him why their bedroom door was closed (and locked) at two o’clock in the afternoon.
“Do you really think Mr. Riverside will shut down the mine if he can’t sell it?” I blurted, half-panicked.  “What will half the town do for jobs?”
“Honey, there’s no sense in worrying right now,” Daddy insisted.  “No one knows anything…honestly.  We’ll find out soon enough.  Put a smile on that pretty face.  That’s an order, young lady.”  Daddy lifted my chin and flashed one of his trusty everything-will-be-okay smiles, but even it couldn’t ease the knots in my stomach — not this time.
In the midst of my concern for my father’s employment status, it dawned on me that I was about to burn the french toast.  Quickly, I grabbed a spatula and transferred each of the slices onto the three breakfast plates I’d laid beside the stove.
“Order up,” I announced like I was pulling a shift at the Drive-In and then set the plate down on the table in front of him, professionally.
“Thank you.  What do I owe you?” Daddy teased.
 “We’ll put it on Mom’s tab,” I insisted.
“Oh, I think she already owes you more than what she could EVER pay back,” Daddy replied as he cut into his toast and shook his head.
“What are you talking about?” I asked as I pulled out my chair.
Daddy forced down his first gulp and clanged his fork against his plate.  “Are you really going to the dance with Mike Riverside?” he probed with a skeptical arch of his brow.  “I don’t like Chloe dating him.  But Shi, your feelings toward him…aren’t really a secret.  I ’bout cut my neck shaving when she dropped that bomb on me this mornin’.  WHY did you agree to it?”
I couldn’t tell him that I knew about the surprise birthday dinner at Twin Falls on Sunday or about the college-touring trip he’d planned.  Daddy l-o-v-e-d surprises, both giving and receiving them.  He would be so disappointed if he found out I already knew.  Though I could never outright lie to Daddy, this situation forced me to omit some details.
“I felt sorry for her,” I admitted.  “She was sitting there crying and all upset because she couldn’t trust any of her friends.  It meant a lot to me that she needed her big sister to help her with something.  I really don’t mind doing it.”  That was partly true.  Some is better than none.
“All right,” Daddy grumped and then sharpened his stare.  “Just as long as this is something you’re absolutely comfortable doing.”
I nodded, hoping to soften the stern crease that had set deep in his brow.  After an eye-roll that could jack-up the rear bed of a truck, he shook his head and went back to eating his breakfast.
I guess he bought it… That’s a relief!
“Your mom said she was going with Chloe this afternoon to pick you up a dress.”  Daddy hadn’t seen me wear a fancy dress in years, not since I was a flower girl in our cousin Winona’s wedding when I was ten.
“Yeah,” I mumbled.  I just prayed she didn’t come home with something that made me look like I should be swinging from a daggone pole.  But considering the run-of-the-mill choices at our limited boutiques downtown, how bad could it honestly be?
“That’ll be a sight to see,” Daddy replied.  A cheeky grin stretched across his face as he nudged my shoulder.  “You…dressed up and goin’ to a dance.”
I threw my napkin at him.  “I kind of like the idea,” I insisted as I raised my head in the air and grinned.  I really did — the getting ready part.  “It’s not that I don’t like dances or all the frou-frou things that come with it.  We both know Mom prefers to shower Chloe with that stuff.  She always has.”
Daddy smiled and shook his head.  “You know, I think too much of that at an early age isn’t good for a little girl.  It makes them grow-up too quick.  Young girls nowadays miss out on a lot of things ’cause they wanna play ‘grown-up’ too soon, in my opinion.  Most of the girls your age have their priorities way outta whack, but I can’t say that about you, Shi.  There hasn’t been one day when you’ve not been responsible, or even came close to disappointing me.”
Daddy leaned across the table and placed one of his hands over mine.  I couldn’t tell if his eyes were glassy from the bright lights of the kitchen, or if he was actually getting a little emotional.
“And you’re going to be eighteen on Sunday,” Daddy said with a slight sniffle.
Now I was floored.  I’d never seen Daddy like this before.  His eyes really were misty.  Maybe he’s a lot more stressed than he’s letting on?  I didn’t know what had him bent out of shape — my upcoming birthday, the mine possibly closing, or the fact that he’d soon be left all alone with Charlotte and Chloe when I headed off to college in less than a year?  Good thing he wasn’t going anywhere.  The thought of being cooped up in a house with those two would bring me to tears for sure!
“Daddy, what’s wrong?” I questioned.
He sat straight up in his chair and composed himself.  “I was just going to say…I knew you would grow up to be a fine young lady who would make me…and the world proud.  I knew it from the moment I laid eyes on you, almost eighteen years ago,” Daddy declared with the utmost love and admiration.
“Look who’s being dramatic now… The WORLD?  Proud?  The school hasn’t even selected their valedictorian yet.  Let me make Welch High School proud first, then I’ll work on ‘the world’,” I teased.
As soon as the timer “buzzed”, I jumped up from the table and dashed over to the oven, shaking my head and still laughing.  I peeled back the aluminum foil and took a whiff of the piping hot apple crisp.  Perfect.  Absolutely perfect.  I scooped out a generous helping for Daddy and placed it beside his plate.
“Your mother vows you’re trying to make me fat,” Daddy laughed.
“Well, it’s already November.  You need to start putting on your winter-weight,” I joked and gave his belly a playful shake.  I threw some in a bowl for myself and plopped back down in the chair across from his.
We ate in silence for a few minutes, but Daddy kept looking at me suspiciously.  He could tell I wanted to ask him something and of course, he was right.
“What’s on your mind, Shi?  You’re never this quiet.”
“Well,” I started, “I was thinking that maybe…I would stop by the mine to see you…before you start your shift tonight.”
“I’m off tonight, but I have to go in for a couple of hours this afternoon.”  He looked at me with a curious grin. “Your ‘wanting to stop by to see me’ wouldn’t have anything to do with the meeting at 3 o’clock, now would it?”
I aimed for cool and casual.  “Maybe a little.”
Daddy’s brow arched higher than a cat’s back.
“Well yeah, a lot,” I confirmed as I crossed my arms.  “I’m just worried, Daddy.”
“It sounds more like impatience to me, but I don’t mind,” Daddy grinned.  “Heck, I bet half the town shows up.  I’ll tell Bea you’ll be stopping by.”
“Thanks, Daddy.  I’ll bring a book to read while I wait.  Tell Ms. Sutherland that I promise not to bother her,” I insisted.
“You know, Bea Sutherland thinks the world of you,” Daddy remarked.  “She asks about you all the time.”
“Really?  I hate I haven’t seen her in a while.  She’s such a sweet lady.”
Daddy nodded in agreement, unable to talk through his heaping scoop of apple crisp.
“Daddy…” I began, “do you know how she lost her eyesight?”  The details about Ms. Beatrix Sutherland’s blindness had always been a complete mystery to me.  I’d never asked her myself because I didn’t want to seem rude, but I was still curious.
“Umm…I’m not really sure when it happened exactly, but she hasn’t had the use of her eyes for as long as I’ve known her.  It doesn’t stop her one bit.  She’s the best secretary anyone could ever want.  It’s never hindered her around the office.”
“It’ll be nice to see her,” I said.  “You know, she sure has a lot of pretty rings on her fingers.  I’ve always thought that it was a shame she couldn’t see them.”  In fact, the best I could remember, she had at least one on every finger.  It would have looked kind of tacky on most people, but somehow it worked for her.  My favorite was a round golden topaz set in a dainty band of gold that she wore on the ring finger of her left hand.  The stone was rather small compared to her other rings, but there was something about it that dazzled me — probably because it was my birthstone.
Secretly, I’d always wanted one.  The only ring I owned was my Welch High School class ring.  I’d planned on going the traditional route and having my birthstone set in it, but at the last minute I opted for a diamond — a faux one.  Most likely because I’d always admired Katie’s real diamond pendant, which I’d seen dangling around her neck ever since she got it for her birthday when she turned thirteen.  That had a lot to do with my decision.  After all, both gemstones were fakes.  As long as it was clear and shiny like a real diamond, I could live with that.  I figured I could always buy a golden topaz ring later on.  It would definitely be more affordable than a genuine diamond.
The rest of breakfast was relatively quiet.  A faint “thump” on the front porch announced the arrival of the morning paper.
“Don’t get up,” I instructed Daddy.  “I’ll get it.”
I glanced at the antique grandfather clock as I hurried to the front porch.  It’s already a quarter to seven.  After unlocking all three deadbolts, I opened the creaky door and grabbed the Bluefield Daily Telegraph.  A blast of chilly morning air prompted me to shut it immediately.  I slipped the paper out of its orange plastic bag and whipped it open as I walked slowly back to the kitchen.  The headline on the front page said it all.

FATE  OF  LOCAL  MINE
TO  BE  UNVEILED  TODAY

Well, our little town’s dilemma made today’s top story.  I scanned the article for any additional information before giving it to Daddy.  Nothing.  The news reporter seemed to be just as in the dark as the rest of us.
“Look what made the front page,” I stated with a smirk as I handed him the paper.
“I figured as much,” Daddy groaned.  “One of their reporters bugged the heck out of us last night wantin’ to find out as much as he could before they went to press.”
A subtle “squeak” pounded my eardrums.  Daddy was still chowing down and clearly hadn’t heard a peep.  But I did, and I knew what it was.  I remained still and listened intently, locking on to the sound’s source and direction.  Without looking, I reached down beside my chair and snatched the tiny field mouse in mid-run.  I strutted over to the back door for a merciful reprieve.
“Nice catch…as usual,” Daddy beamed.  “Is that a new visitor or the same one?”
I held the cute little guy up in the air, checking for the familiar gray patch on its belly that resembled a heart.  “Same one,” I affirmed with a wink and then shooed it onto the porch.
“I’m going upstairs to finish getting ready for school,” I announced.  “Could you be a dear and get rid of that glue trap behind the fridge?  Oh, and be sure to let Mom know that I ‘didn’t touch it’.”
“Will do,” my father chuckled.  “And I’ll tell her that our little friend is history…for now.”
“Thank you, Daddy,” I grinned and gave him a kiss on the cheek.  As soon as I’d rinsed off my dishes and loaded them in the dishwasher, I headed for my room.
“See ya after school,” I confirmed as I exited the kitchen.
“I’m sure you will,” Daddy chuckled.
My father never liked to say the phrase “good-bye”.  He thought it was inappropriately “final”.  You would have to correct yourself real quick if you ever said it to him accidentally.  He preferred, “See-ya” or the occasional, “Later gator”.  Personally, I thought it was a quirky OCD thing, but I humored him — out of love.
I scurried up the stairs and over to Chloe’s door where I tapped softly — several times.  “Are you up?” I asked and waited.  When I didn’t hear any movement, my “taps” turned into “bangs”, which were notably louder and longer.  That sure got Sleeping Beauty’s attention.
Her door flew open in a matter of seconds.  “JEEZ!  I’M UP!” Chloe barked.  “Do you have to bang on my door like that?  I’m not freakin’ deaf!”
“Your breakfast is ready.  Don’t make me late — like you usually do,” I piped back.
“What did you fix?” Chloe questioned as she took a deep sniff of the aroma lingering through the house.  “Is that french toast I smell?”
“Yes,” I confirmed, “and apple crisp.”
Chloe tossed her raven hair back and stomped her foot on the floor.  “Shit!” she raged.  “Why don’t you just throw a couple of sticks of butter on my plate and sprinkle some damn cinnamon on it!  I can’t eat that!  I have to fit into my Sophomore Court dress tomorrow!  Ugh!  Don’t you EVER think?”
She was certainly being pissy about the menu.  I never see YOU making an attempt to prepare any meals around here, I grumbled quietly as I humored her little rant.
“Chloe, just grab a yogurt out of the fridge and quit your bitchin’.  Heaven forbid you have a blow-out on the field tomorrow night.  How embarrassing!” I exclaimed as I placed my hand over my mouth, pretending to gasp.
The little witch threw me a dirty look and then slammed the door in my face.
“Be ready in fifteen minutes,” I grunted through the door.
“Mike’s picking me up.  You can leave ANY TIME you want!” Chloe yelled back.
“GOOD!” I snapped and dashed into my room.  I quickly ran my fingers through my hair to make sure it was dry.  The last thing I needed was the cold air outside hitting a damp head of hair.  That thought sent a shiver straight down my spine.  Once my jacket had been zipped snugly to the top, I grabbed my things and flew down the stairs, headed straight for the front door.
Despite the chilly morning air goading a speedy recovery, I finally found my car keys hiding in the bottom of my junky purse.  Those weren’t as easy to “track” as any critters.  I gazed at the old two-story farmhouse my father had built with his own two-hands as I waited patiently for my old ’69 Charger to crank-up.  It was actually my father’s when he was my age, and it looked it too.  But, hey — it was still a car.  Thankfully the DMV of West Virginia still considered it one as well, or I wouldn’t have any way to get around this small hick-town.  I didn’t mean to trash my hometown, but in reality, that’s what it was.  No sense in candy-coating it.
A wave of anxiety hit me like a ton of bricks as I started my drive down the mountain.  I never particularly liked the stretch of Shiloh Ridge that twisted along my daily path.  It didn’t matter, come dusk or dawn, a foreboding feeling always rode shotgun with me.  I kept my eyes on the road, my head in the present, and my foot firmly depressed on the gas pedal.  Possibly a little too hard from time to time.  The secure confines of my car helped, but today I felt eerily vulnerable — almost naked — like I was zooming past that godawful patch of land in a convertible waving a sign that read, “I’m right here black cloud of death!”  Ugh…  I wasn’t a scaredy-cat by nature, but there was something about that mist that was straight-up evil.  A fact I still believed today and burned from the depths of my soul.  And for some unknown reason that particular day, it had its sinister sights set on five-year old little me.  In my eyes, Dorothy had it easy.  Though the only thing yellow about my road was a set of fading double-lines, a wicked witch with a horde of flying monkeys would have been a much fairer storm to weather.
I came to a screeching stop at the bottom of the mountain because Mike Riverside and his shiny red Camaro cut over into MY LANE when he veered onto the uphill road.  Stupid, arrogant, ASS!  Once my tirade of horn-blowing and finger-saluting had played out, I found myself idly parked and staring at Highway 52 in a haze.  My mind urged me to veer right and go straight, but my heart inevitably turned my head to the left for a curious gander down the road.  The bustling sights and sounds of the Riverside Pocahontas Coalmine hailed my attention like a caution flag.  The parking lot alone looked way more crowded than usual.
Maybe the extra crews are because of the impending meeting today?  Ugh… Mr. Riverside just can’t shut down the mine!  Over half the town works there.  I didn’t want to think about what its closing would do to the area or how devastating it would be for all the miners’ families — especially mine.  The sight was only fueling my restlessness, so as soon as all the speeding coal trucks had whizzed past, I pulled onto the road for my mundane morning commute.
The temperature had turned considerably colder, even for early November.  I wouldn’t be the least bit surprised if we had an early winter this year.  Just thinking about the first snowfall made me reach over to crank up the heat a bit.  This was the time of year when West Virginia’s countryside was truly spectacular — my favorite time.  Nothing beat the beautiful colors of the fall foliage cascading over the mountains with a blazing autumn sunset igniting the sky.  I treasured each and every one of them.  You could be in the most horrible mood, and it would always lend you a better outlook on everything.  Nature’s way of putting things into perspective.
And I really could have used one of them to lull me into a state of tranquility…right freakin’ now.
I found myself thinking along the way (yet again), how EVERYTHING around here always remained the same.  I drove past the Colemans’ house.  Like clockwork, there they were, sitting outside on their front porch and rocking in their chairs while they watched the cars go by.  A mile down the road, I spied our Chief of Police, Marc Roberts.  As usual, he sat parked in his cruiser beside the Kwik-Serve, waiting in the shadows to bust one last speeder before their morning shift change.  But one of my personal favorites was the Johnsons’ house.  Their yard-full of faded plastic Christmas decorations and chunky colored-lights smothering their bushes stayed in place — ALL YEAR LONG — but they only turned them on from Thanksgiving to New Year’s Day.  I guessed they had a little sense.  Just a few more weeks and it would be time for their annual illumination.  They were known around these parts as “The Griswolds”.
There was something sentimental, yet somber about my small hometown.  I loved it and hated it, both at the same time.  Welch was the only home I’d ever known, and even though I held many fond memories, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I wasn’t meant to stay here forever.  Absolutely nothing about my town ever changed, so I knew it had to be me.  Something was churning restlessly inside me and had been for a good while.  I longed for a change.  Something unfamiliar.  Something exciting.  Something amazing that would fill my unworldly eyes with stars and knock me slick off my feet.  And I knew I would never find it anywhere around here.  Something that spectacular probably requires a passport.
BUT, in no way was I seeking A-N-Y-T-H-I-N-G as horrifyingly mind-boggling as what I’d just revisited in my nightmarish dream.  Spectacular, I thought with a resolute nod.  Definitely not spooky!
My car wound through downtown Welch like it was on autopilot.  The ornate architecture of the four and five story buildings lining McDowell Street was charming and reminiscent of a booming era that sadly had long passed.  You wouldn’t know to look at it now, but our town used to be one of the wealthiest counties in the Appalachian region.  Coal was Welch’s life-blood, but unfortunately through the years, its veins had almost dried up completely.  There was once a time when our county was home to 38 different mines, but tragically it had dwindled down to just one.  All the others had closed due to various reasons, but they all hinged on the mine’s profitability.  If the owner wasn’t making money, then why keep a mine open?  The union’s unwillingness to negotiate their contracts during hard times caused the owners to lose even more money and ultimately forced a lot of them into bankruptcy.  Then there were several instances when the owners weren’t staying on top of the required safety regulations.  The state supervisors would come in and shut them down themselves.  A couple of sites had been excavated to their limits and simply couldn’t unearth any more coal.  Our area’s economic industry was already depressing enough.  I sure hoped the situation wouldn’t get any worse.  It wasn’t like I was planning to hang around Welch for the rest of my life, but I didn’t want it to become a ghost town.  There were too many good people who lived here and jobs were scarce.  The livelihoods of all its residents would be shattered — possibly forever.
As my car cruised down our town’s main thoroughfare, I spotted Mr. Estell sitting alone on a bench outside the Flat Iron Drug Store.  I didn’t know his first name.  He was just one of those strange drifters who didn’t talk to many people, if any.  Mr. Estell roamed the streets, always hunched over, with his hands shoved deep inside the pockets of his raggedy tan-colored trench coat.  His black and white hair was never anything less than wiry and unkempt.  Something about him gave me the willies — seriously — but it wasn’t in my nature to be rude to him just because he was different.  I’d always tried my best to steer clear of him.  Funny thing though, he always seemed to be popping up.
Especially here lately, I pondered.
It didn’t take any time at all to breeze through town.  Why should it?  There were only two traffic lights and one of them just blinked.  The sun was starting to peek through the clouds, shining brightly down on Welch High School, home of the Golden Knights.  Our school sat majestically on the side of a mountain, proudly overlooking the entire town.  Its bold, streamlined Art Deco design made it a symbolic addition to Welch’s rich history.
I turned up the winding road that led to the school’s upper parking lot.  An early arrival guaranteed you a prime spot on top.  Since Chloe was notorious for making me late, I usually had to park in the lower student lot, located at the bottom of the hill.  Trekking up that thing on a cold day was a bitch — snow made it extremely hazardous.  I’d busted my butt plenty of times going up and down those steps in the winter.  Ouch!
I’d just pulled into a space next to the Math and Sciences building when a series of beeps coming from my cell sent my hand digging down into my purse.  Once located, I pulled it out and read my latest text.  Frankly, this was the first time I wasn’t pleased that my lovable old boss was so accommodating.

Saturday is yours, honey
Naomi will cover your shift.
Have fun at the dance!
Charlie

My lip puckered.  Well, there goes any chance of an “out”.  What made his scripted reply even worse was that I hadn’t given him a specific reason why I needed off from work.  Crap!  Paranoia is cruel bitch — especially in a small-town like Welch.  He couldn’t possibly know who I’m going with…could he?  I let out a grunt, grabbed my stuff, slammed the door of my Charger, and stomped straight to my homeroom.
I’ll do a quick review for my Geology test.  I’ve got plenty of time.  It couldn’t hurt, and I desperately needed something to distract me from thinking about Mike and the dance or even the fateful meeting at 3 o’clock — pretty much anything and everything that was looming over my head like a dreary dark cloud.
There was my best friend, Katie Stowell, already sitting at her desk when I entered the classroom.  She was flipping through a fashion magazine while she twisted the dainty diamond pendant on the end of her necklace.
Katie glanced up and threw me a sly grin, one that wasn’t sitting too well with my gut.  Oh yeah, I thought as I edged closer.  Smug would have been tolerable, but unfortunately it screamed what I affectionately called,“shit-taé”.
Not good.
“Well, lookie there…if it isn’t the future Mrs. Riverside,” Katie declared with the straightest of faces.  She almost looked disappointed that she didn’t have a trumpet to sound.
“How in the heck do you know about THAT?” I demanded, too flustered to be one-hundred percent discreet.
Katie shrugged her shoulders.  “I heard some of the cheerleaders talking about it in the hall,” my BFF replied, trying to pretend she wasn’t hurt that the proverbial horse didn’t “whinny” out the news to her first.  I mean seriously, we’ve been best friends since kindergarten.
“Holy Hell,” I groaned.  “The whole school will know by the end of the day.”
“If not by lunch,” Katie smirked.  “I just can’t believe you’re actually doing it.  You HATE Mike Riverside.”
“What can I say…they guilted me into it,” I shamefully proclaimed and proceeded to divulge a rendition of the terrible-twosome’s melodrama from last night to a T.  “Trust me…” I concluded.  “It’ll only be for a couple of hours.  I’m already planning a reason for Mike to suddenly have to take me home.”
“What did Mike say?” Katie probed.
“I have no idea…and I couldn’t care less,” I huffed and flung backpack under my desk.
“You should care,” Katie insisted.  “I don’t trust that sneaky bastard.  What if he tries…something?”
I laughed hysterically.  “That’s crazy!  I’m NOT his type!  I think it’s a well-known fact around school that my legs are locked-at-the-knees.  He won’t try anything.  After all, he hasn’t messed with me since First Grade…in any respect.”  Mike Riverside had tried to steal my lunch once when we were little.  I picked up the first thing I could find and wailed him over the head with it.  Unfortunately for him, it was a vintage bright-yellow Tonka truck someone had brought in for Show-and-Tell (the real heavy die-cast metal kind).  Ouch!  I had to sit in the corner during recess for two weeks — but after that, he never tried stealing my lunch again.
Katie giggled.  “Does he still have a scar on his head?”
“I’m not sure,” I pondered with a grin.  “Possibly… I’ll ask him when we’re out on our date.  That’ll be a great conversation starter.”
We had a little more fun laughing at Mike’s expense, but I honestly didn’t know if going to the dance with him was a sensible idea or not.  Either way, I had a feeling it would be a memorable evening.
Katie scooted closer.  “Okay, enough about that.  Have you heard ANYTHING about the mine?”  It seemed my best friend was just as worried and rightfully so.  Even though her parents owned the local jewelry store, if half the town lost their jobs, their business would be drastically effected by its closing as well.
“There’s a meeting today at 3 o’clock,” I replied.  “I’m going to race over there after school.  Daddy said I could stop by.”
“Please remember to take your cell,” Katie pleaded.  “And I want updates every five minutes.”
“I’ll try,” I promised.
“Good,” Katie said with a nod as she turned back around.  My best friend leaned back in her chair, never giving me the slightest glance.  “So tell me, Shi.  How are you going to break the news to Chloe about the inevitable nuptials this chance date will bring forth, or even worse…how will you soften the sting to Charlotte?”
I gave Katie a good-natured whack on the back of her head.  “Oh, I think I’ll just drop them a postcard while we’re on our honeymoon.”  We both giggled a bit at that ridiculous notion.
“Katie, I don’t want to talk about Mike anymore…or anything to do with the mine.  Let’s just review for our Geology test, okay?”  I was being very adamant (and maybe a bit bossy) about the parameters of our homeroom time.
Katie whirled her head around in one dramatic and playfully offended huff.  “Boy, you haven’t even been out with Mike yet, and you’re already acting as high & mighty as he does.  You’ll fit into the Riverside family just fine,” she insisted with a cutesy nod before turning back around.  She just had to get in that last dig.
I tugged on the back of her necklace.  “I’ll be sure to tell him not to purchase my engagement ring from your parents’ shop.”  My tone let my BFF know that I’d had enough of her witty jabs.
Katie tilted her head as she leaned back.  “I really don’t see the point in me breaking my neck for an ‘A’ on this test…or any test,” she huffed.  “You know my parents are just humoring me with college.  All they want is for me to get a business degree so I can come back here and run their store.”
Sadly, her claim wasn’t off-base.  Ron and Julia Stowell had affectionately teased on many occasions that Katie was their little retirement plan.
“Just think, Katie… That’s still four years of freedom,” I insisted, hoping to put a hint of a smile back on her perfectly-painted face.  “Six if you can talk them into Grad-School.”
“Maybe ten if I carry a light load and flunk a few courses,” Katie said with an artful laugh.
Well, at least she had a plan.
“I like your new do,” I whispered as I flipped the back of her hair.  Katie had chopped off her long brunette locks to her shoulders and added a few fire-engine red streaks.  It was all shaggy, and the ends flipped up every which way.  It really complemented her oval face, and the highlights made her amber eyes sparkle.
“Thank you for noticing,” Katie gushed as she ran her fingers through her hair and shook it playfully.
What a diva!  Katie was always in vogue — from head to toe.  I was too comfortable and set in my ways to ever try a daring new look.  I really admired my best friend’s courage when it came to changing up her style.  Everything she tried looked great on her — without fail — whether it was trendy or classic (or even an eclectic mix of both).  Katie was undeniably a fashionista, unlike me, who she affectionately referred to as “ponytail”.
The first period bell rang before long, kicking off yet another normal school day.  Mrs. Thompson, our Statistics teacher, gave us only one problem for our daily assignment.  The calculations, regrettably, took up the entire forty-five minutes and only a few of us finished.
During second period Literature, we discussed Hamlet, which most of the class still hadn’t read.  Mr. Jackson didn’t seem that upset about it.  He actually appeared kind of fidgety or possibly, borderline-distracted.
I suppose if the mine shuts down, a lot of our teachers will lose their jobs, too — particularly if half the school’s student body is forced to relocate.
We had a pop-quiz in third period Government.  I didn’t see that one coming, but I did pretty well.  The substitute who was sitting in for our regular teacher, Mr. Connors, gave us the rest of the period, so I got a chance to review for my Geology exam.  I didn’t need much prep, mainly a speedy skim of the last two chapters on rocks and minerals.  I had to admit that learning about all the earth’s wonders was fascinating — with the notable exception of coal.  I couldn’t care less if I ever saw another hunk of the dirty black stuff for the rest of my life.  Coal was the only thing keeping this town afloat, but when you’ve grown up in a coalmining community your entire life, all you want is to get away from it — as soon as possible.  There was a big, clean coal-less world out there, and I wanted to experience as much of it as I could.
I didn’t want to be held prisoner here forever, like Katie.  She’s probably right.  She’ll go off to college only to be ordered home by her parents after she graduates, inevitably to run their jewelry store.  At least she’ll be stuck here with a decent job.  I found it equally upsetting that Charlotte’s grand plan for Chloe was marrying her off to Mike Riverside (the sooner the better).  I can see it now — a wedding band on her finger, her high school diploma in one hand, and a baby diaper in the other.  That mental snapshot sure rocked my shoulders with a revolting chill.
By the time fourth period arrived, I felt a growing sense of angst starting to churn.  It wasn’t stemming from my pending Geology exam.  Not hardly.  I was bothered by the irksome fact that Mike Riverside’s assigned desk was right beside mine.  That alone made my normal gait to class slow to a reluctant creep.  Ugh!  And he was standing near the door talking to Kara Leighton too.  What a pair.  “Class Ass” with “Easy Piece of Ass”.
Fitting.
I paused in the doorway to hone my stare.  Unlike most of the school’s general population trapped under her charming faux-angelic spell, I didn’t see what was so fascinating about our school’s resident mean-girl.  She wore entirely too much make-up, and all her clothes were at least one size too small (especially her uniform at the Drive-In).  My eyes rolled as I thought about the limits of her mental capacity.  How Kara even maintained a C average to stay on the cheerleading squad was beyond me.  There wasn’t room to fill her head with any knowledge — that vacuous space was already taken up by an ample amount of air.  She wasn’t what I’d call a waitress either.  Kara was more of a slutty hostess who made sure her male customers received a heaping side order of “tease”.  And right now, it was clear from the touchy-feely ass-pat she’d just given Mike exactly what kind of “job” she was dreaming of performing on him.
Chloe needs to open up those big eyes of hers another notch…along with another person Kara claims is her boyfriend.  I shook my head as I stepped into the classroom.  My snarl alone could’ve curdled an entire dairy farm.
WHATEVER…
Katie was chatting my ears off about a new movie she wanted to go see.  I couldn’t tell you the name of it or what it was about, not from the moment Tyler Smith glided into the room, straight off his billowy cloud.  I bit my lip before my smile became embarrassingly obvious.  Especially after I watched him sweep his hands through his dark locks and caught a brief sparkle dancing in those dreamy blue eyes of his.  HE was the guy whom I’d had the biggest crush on for years, and in my opinion, the hottest guy in school.  His rock-hard physique was only out-shone by his brains.  Ty was the only player on the football team with an A average, and my closest competitor for graduating with top honors at our school.  He wasn’t vain like most of the jocks, and he always spoke to me.  I guessed I’d been focusing on my college aspirations so much lately that I’d forgotten how appealing he was.  This was an excellent reminder.
My perfect vision was interrupted by a classic “I know what you were doing” smack to the shoulder from Katie to my right and Mike’s arrogant rear plopping his butt into the seat to my left.  Perfect, I grumbled as I kept my eyes straight ahead.  Neither of us acknowledged the other with even so much as a crappy-look.  We seemed to be on the same page — ignore each other.
“Any day now,” Ms. Fitzpatrick announced, trying to hurry the remaining stragglers to take their seats.
Kristine Fitzpatrick, also called “Ms. Fitz” by many of us, was one of my favorite teachers.  I think she earned her Master’s degree from an Ivy League school up north.  How she ended up here, I had no idea — or why she would even want to?  Today, she was way more dressed up than usual, wearing a stylish, double-breasted red suit that accented her brown skin tone perfectly.  You couldn’t help but notice all her jewelry either.  I’d seen Christmas trees with less bling.  To top it off, she had even darkened her make-up several shades and was sporting a sleek new hairstyle too.  I wasn’t the only one who had noticed.  Someone blew a catcall towards the front of the room.
“Ms. Fitz, you sure look nice today,” Marcus Patterson, one of our football team’s tight ends, called out.  Several other students chimed in with a few whistles of their own.
“Flattery won’t get a single one of you an A on this test,” Ms. Fitzpatrick insisted.  “But…it might earn you a few bonus points,” she added with a smile.
“What’s with the new look?” Kara Leighton asked.
“Not that it’s any of your business, but an old friend of mine from college is coming to town, and I’m meeting them for coffee later,” Ms. Fitz explained.
“Is it a girl friend or a guy friend?” Kara pried, batting her eyes.
Ms. Fitzpatrick began to blush.  “It’s a guy friend, but that’s all he is… A dear, old friend,” she stressed over numerous giggles.  “Books away and pencils out people,” she demanded, attempting to end our interrogation.  “Good luck.  If you haven’t studied…you’re going to need it.”
Fortunately, I wasn’t one of those people.  I jotted down my name, Shyloh Wallace, at the top of the first page and got right to work.  I breezed through the questions, and after writing a detailed summary of the characteristics of various igneous, sedimentary, and metamorphic rocks, I walked up to Ms. Fitzpatrick’s desk and handed her my exam.
“I’m not surprised,” Ms. Fitzpatrick remarked with a grin.
I smiled back and returned to my seat with a good fifteen minutes left to kill.  I couldn’t let my thoughts dwell on the mine, so I grabbed my Geology book and started reading the next chapter.  The bell rang before too long, thankfully.  Katie had just handed in her test and was returning to her seat.
“I’ll meet you in the Caf,” Katie called out.
I confirmed our plans with a quick nod and then hurried down to the second floor where my locker was located.  It was uncomfortably close to Mike’s, especially today.  I’d successfully avoided a conversation with him last period, but I knew he would be along soon.  I still couldn’t stomach the idea of a face-to-face about “the dance”.  Chloe could fill me in on any pending details later.  In the midst of my frantic rush to dodge him, I dropped all the books I was scrambling to put away.  Crap!
I tried to gather them up as quickly as possible when I heard a hostile male voice say, “We need to talk.”
I saw a pair of black Asics with white piping and looked up.  There, standing above me was the jackass, in the flesh.  Disappointed and defeated, I rose up and pitched the last book in my locker.
“What about, Mike?” I replied, pretending to be puzzled.
“Look… I know Chloe has already filled you in on our proposed date,” Mike countered.  “I really don’t care.  I’d rather go by myself, but my parents are insisting I go with someone… ANYONE,” he stressed, nostrils flaring.  “Just don’t embarrass me.  I’ll pick you up around 7 o’clock, so be ready.  None of this keep-me-waiting-because-you’re-not-ready ‘girl-crap’.  Got it?” Mike demanded and then smugly strutted off down the hall.
I slammed my locker shut and gave the combination lock a quick spin clockwise.  I’m sacrificing my Saturday night to spend it with an asshole, I raged to myself.  To help out two ungrateful witches!
My selfless act had already lost its luster and was in no way giving me the warm & fuzzies any more.  I stormed off down the hall towards the cafeteria to meet up with Katie.  I wasn’t the least bit hungry.  I didn’t know if it was because I’d eaten such a big breakfast or if my stomach was flipping around full of worry over the situation with the mine.  Probably a little of both, with an added touch of nausea about the dance — and my date, I thought as I yanked open the cafeteria door.  Yeah, he’s a regular Prince Charming all right!
The scene in the lunchroom seemed markedly amiss.  Everyone was huddled into his or her cliques like always, but the room was relatively quiet — almost focused — not the least bit lively like it usually was.  Even the teachers were gathered around a large table near the back, engrossed in their hushed conversations.  Each and every one of them looked extremely apprehensive, and I didn’t need three guesses why.
I felt a tap on my shoulder.  “How’d you do on the test, Shi?” a familiar and stirring voice asked.
A warm sensation tingled my entire body, which forced my eyes to ignite.  I whipped around to see Tyler Smith standing there, smiling back at me.  My stomach flipped, but I knew that reaction wasn’t because I was thinking about the fate of any ’ole coal mine.
“I think I did pretty well,” I replied humbly.
There was something quite fine about Tyler Smith.  It wasn’t his sculptured physique (of course, that didn’t hurt), or even the way his eyes glistened whenever he smiled.  That only forced me to remember to breathe.  The fact that he made straight A’s and cared about his grades was merely a perk.  Truthfully, it was because with all that going for him, he was still so down-to-earth and radiated this indescribable gentle kind of confidence.  That’s what pulled my trigger.  Realistically, Ty could be as cocky as Mike Riverside, if he wanted to be — but he wasn’t.  Ty had a compassionate side, too.  He volunteered with Helping Hands, a group that assisted the handicapped on the weekends.  I stood there in a slight daze, totally envying Kara Leighton while I stared at the handsome, quintessential boy-next-door.  They were clearly polar opposites.
I just don’t freakin’ get it, I grumbled quietly.
“I’m sure you did better than pretty well,” Ty vowed with a certain laugh.  “You probably destroyed the curve for everyone else.”
“You won’t need to rely on a curve,” I countered.  As thrilling as it was to have Ty’s full attention, I found myself scanning the cafeteria, distracted by its nagging vibe.
“Ty…is it me, or does it seem a little weird around here to you, too?” I asked.
“You could say that.  Everyone’s gossiping about the mine, including the faculty.  Ms. Fitz got a makeover.  But my personal favorite, which I just heard a second ago, is that you are going to the Homecoming dance…with Mike.  I’d say our town is heading for a redneck apocalypse.”
My eyes shot open.  There was a strange look dancing on Ty’s face — no doubt about it — but I couldn’t quite tell if it was disbelief or disgust.  Embarrassed, I chose to focus on his first observation.
“Yeah, I guess no matter who you are in this town, the fate of the mine will be your own, in a sense.”  I scanned the hushed sea of gathered masses in the lunchroom.  I didn’t want to be reminded of this all day, so I rallied to continue the conversation.  “Personally, I like Ms. Fitz’s new look.  If an old friend of mine was in town, I suppose I would want to look a little nicer, too.”
“You’re right,” Ty concurred, “about the mine…and Ms. Fitz.”  He stepped closer.  “But that doesn’t explain why YOU are going to the dance with Mike.  What’s up with THAT?”
Clearly, Ty wasn’t letting this topic go.  Honestly, it was none of his business, but for some reason I felt the need to mount a defense.
“I’m only doing it for Chloe.  His mother won’t hear of him going stag…and let’s just say, my little sister trusts her girlfriends about as far as she can throw them.”
Ugh.  I felt icky enough about the favor.  I sure didn’t need the awkwardness of someone bringing it up to me purposely — especially Tyler “I’ve had a crush on him forever” Smith.  I happened to spot Katie by the vending machines and waved her over.
“Hey, there’s Katie.  I was supposed to meet her here a few minutes ago,” I informed him, trying to dodge any further questions.  Why the heck should it matter to him anyway?
Katie strutted over to us, grinning from ear to ear.  She tossed a Diet Coke my way, along with a discreet, sly grin.  “Hey, Ty… Are you joining us?  I saved a couple of seats over by the back windows,” Katie suggested and gave me a subtle nudge.
“Umm…No,” Ty insisted awkwardly.  “I’m heading for the fountain.”  During lunchtime (on any day of a fair-weathered week), all the senior football players as well as most of the cheerleaders could be found in the school’s courtyard hanging around “the fountain” — their sacred ground.
Katie shrugged her shoulders.  “Okay… Suit yourself.”
“Yeah, Katie…um, bye, Shiloh,” Ty replied somewhat uncertainly.
What happened next was nothing short of bizarre.  He had told us “bye”, but his body didn’t seem to be going anywhere.  I nodded back to him, leery about why he hadn’t moved.  Ty picked up on my confusion.  He started to walk off, but he stopped and then slowly turned back around.
“I didn’t know you…liked dances,” Ty announced and then blazed a trail through the cafeteria, headed for the exit.
“What the heck was THAT?” Katie inquired with a laugh-like gasp.
I was stunned.  “I’m not exactly sure.”  After all, he was Kara’s “boyfriend”.  At least it appeared that way last night at the Drive-In.  I hadn’t heard any rumors of a break-up.  “You don’t think Ty wanted to ask me to the dance… Do you?”  I could hardly say it out loud, let alone think it.
Katie smacked me on the head.  “You think?”  She grabbed my hand and led me over to the one of the seats she’d saved.
I lowered myself into the padded chair in a daze.  As I replayed Ty’s comment in my head, I couldn’t help but wonder, If he wanted to ask me to the dance, then why the heck didn’t he?  I pondered that one simple question, over and over in silence, while I sipped on my Diet Coke.
I’d heard Katie’s voice calling me, but my mind was helplessly adrift.  I snapped out of my trance as soon as she pressed her icy soda can against my arm.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Katie.  What did you say?”
“You’re intimidating,” Katie replied casually.
Confused, I looked at her like she’d lost her mind.  “What?  What are you talking about?”
Katie cleared her throat.  “You’re sitting there thinking, ‘Why didn’t he ask me to the dance?’ and I’m telling you it’s because you’re kind of intimidating.”
“That’s ridiculous!” I laughed.
“Oh, is it?” Katie posed with an arched brow.  “Well, let’s see…for starters, you’re super smart, and your kindness goes without saying.  Your only flaw is your own guilt, which is probably why you can’t say ‘no’ to anyone.  You don’t care what anyone thinks about you.  You run around town sportin’ your college sweatshirts and jeans, without any makeup or even a drop of perfume…and your hair is still in the same old ponytail you’ve had since kindergarten.  And despite all that, you’re still one of the most naturally beautiful girls around.  It’s rather sickening,” Katie added as she snarled her nose and grinned.  “Like I said… You’re intimidating.”
Stunned had now been replaced with uncomfortable.
“Thanks for taking my mind off the mine.”  Katie was doing what a true best friend was supposed to — build you up.  I shook my head and laughed off her assessment.  “Katie, if I was all that, guys would be hanging all over me.”
“You really don’t see it, do you?  Ugh!  You’re soooo delusional.”  Katie threw her arms up in the air, suggesting she was surrendering to what she considered to be utter insanity.  “I stand by my original assessment.  You’re intimidating.  Deep down, they’re too scared to approach you.  Maybe it’s because they think you’re too good and it makes them realize how crappy they are… I don’t know?  You come across as pretty tough sometimes… Maybe they think you’ll kick their asses?” she proposed with a devilish laugh.
This conversation was becoming unbearable at an alarming rate.  “Change of subject… Please?” I begged.
“Fine… Intimidator.”  Katie threw her arms up to halt my apparent discomfort.  “Have you talked to Mike yet?”
“I sure did.”  I really didn’t particularly care for this topic either.
“So, did you two lovers hammer out all the details?”  Katie couldn’t contain her amusement.
“Oh, trust me.  He hammered away,” I grumbled.
Katie giggled, feeling my sarcasm.
“Can you PLEASE keep the Mike-cracks to a minimum?” I pleaded.  “I know it would be impossible for you to shut up completely.”
Katie draped her arm around my shoulder.  “Understood,” she agreed and gave me a firm hug.  “Oh!” Katie exclaimed as her eyes lit up.  “I do have some gossip about the M-I-N-E.”
I wouldn’t have to ask her to spill it.  She looked like a balloon bursting to “pop”.
“The company that’s meeting with Mr. Riverside today is out of New York, but they have offices all over the world… Xcavare Enterprises,” Katie revealed.  “Have you heard of them?”
“No.  Do they mine coal?” I asked curiously.
“They mine everything,” Katie replied.  “Graphite, gold, silver, lithium… Anything they can turn a profit on…even gemstones.”
“Where did you hear this?” I quizzed.
“I overheard Coach Hayes telling some of the teachers.  He was trying to be secretive, but you can hear that loud mouth of his from the next flippin’ county.  His brother works at the Mercer County Airport in Bluefield.  He filled him in on who was due to arrive today, according to their flight log.  He also told him about three SUV’s from one of the car dealers in Bluefield that were dropped off at the airport last night.  Xcavare Enterprises reserved them for a couple of weeks.”
“But how does he know what they mine?” I posed.
“Oh, I don’t know if he knows what they mine or not, but I do.  They’re always featured in my mom and dad’s trade magazines.  Some of the finest gemstones come from their mines.  They’re truly spectacular.  The gemstone side of their corporation is merely a fraction of their overall operation.  Like I said, they mine everything, all over the world.”
“Impressive.  Maybe you don’t need to go off to college after all?  It sounds to me like you’re ready to run the shop all by yourself,” I joked.
“Not hardly,” Katie groused.  “But hey… That’s good news, right?  They’re in the mining business.”
She made a pretty good point.  “I guess I’m not as worried as I was…but I’m still going over there at 3 o’clock,” I insisted.
“Suit yourself, but I don’t think there’s any need to stress about it,” Katie replied, equally as adamant.  “You need to focus on more important things…like what colors you’ll chose for your wedding.”  Katie quickly jumped up and ran off as the lunch bell blared through the cafeteria, leaving me with the “whip” of her latest zinger.  I heard her giggling all the way to the door.
“Don’t be surprised if I mistake your face for the basketball hoop next period,” I called out, lagging behind.
As I strolled across campus towards the gym, I had to admit I felt a little more at ease.  I just hoped everything at the mine stayed the same, no matter who ended up buying it.  Daddy was the best foreman there.  He couldn’t lose his job or even get demoted.  He loved his shift and his crew.  Surely Samuel’s job would be safe, too.
Crap… Now I’m even more worried than before!
I popped into the girls’ locker room to change.  Kara Leighton and Rebecca Caldwell were in there whining about playing basketball, as usual.  They felt their physical education would be better served by practicing their cheerleading moves during class.  Most of the time Coach Hayes let them.  Probably so he could ogle them while they worked on their high-kicks and shook their asses.
“Shiloh, do you really feel like playing basketball today?” Rebecca questioned as she combed her wavy brown hair back into a ponytail.
“I don’t mind,” I answered as I tightened my shoelaces.
“Come on, Shi,” Kara coaxed in a sticky-sweet voice.  “Technically we aren’t getting that much aerobic activity from standing around waiting to shoot a stupid orange ball through a hoop.”  Kara flashed me a smile, attempting to charm me into agreeing with her.
I shook my head and gave my locker a firm slam.  I wasn’t in the mood to be manipulated by our school’s most deceptively demanding diva and one of her sappy-sweet requests.  She unfailingly got away with murder within the confines of our school and attempted every chance she got at the Sterling Drive-In.  Hell, I got suckered into cleaning up a huge mess Coach Hayes’ heathen son had made out in one of the bays that “she” was supposed to be covering just last night.  Apparently he thought it was the perfect canvas for his “artwork”.  Nothing like staying late because you have to hose spilt strawberry milkshakes off the parking lot and scrubbing greasy food from the menu boards when the other server splits early, faking “cramps”.  And how the little monster got ketchup and mustard on the floodlights twenty-feet in the air was beyond me!
I bounced towards the door.  “That act won’t work on me, Kara.  Save it for Coach Hayes.”  I stopped short of exiting and pointed in the direction of the gym.  “He’s the idiot with the penis,” I replied and returned her sassy smirk.
Coach Hayes was tooting his little silver whistle as I emerged from the locker room, warning us that we had about a minute left to fall into line.  He wasn’t one of my favorite teachers, not by a long shot, and I detested the way he was always bellowing out my last name “WALLACE” like a drill sergeant.  Trust me, it let me know his feelings were mutual.  No matter where we were, be it at school, at the Drive In, or anywhere around our small-town, Coach Hayes never failed when it came to being a royal prick or pushing my buttons.  And he was vain too.  Kind of like one of those jerks who think they’re still the star athlete in high school that all the guys idolized and all the gals longed for in their dreams.  Needless to say, the less-than-perfectly-fit high school coach was far from a spring chicken.  I watched him while he eyed his MVP college football ring, rotating it back and forth so the diamonds could bask under the gymnasium lights.  I didn’t know which sight was more nauseating: his ritualistic gloating routine or him struggling to adjust the waist of his pants over that bulging pot-belly of his.  Tough choice.
Suddenly, a basketball hit my butt.  I whirled around without delay.  It was Katie.
“Shi, I’ve called over to you THREE TIMES already.  Ugh!  Are you still stressing about the mine?” Katie demanded.
“No,” I groaned.  “I was just watching Coach Hayes.  You’d think he’d won a daggone Super Bowl the way he’s always fiddling with that ring.  I think I hate that thing almost as much as his whistle.”
“Yeah,” Katie giggled.  “About that… He, umm…didn’t earn it.”
“What?” I half-gasped.
Katie leaned closer.  “Dad made it for him a few years ago.  And you know how ’ole Ron is… He wanted to have the year engraved on it, as a surprise, and since Coach Hayes never mentioned it specifically, Dad contacted Salem College to get it.  That’s when he found out that our illustrious coach was kicked off the team during his Sophmore year —for steroid use.”
“That explains a lot,” I giggled over the blare of the coach’s — correction — the con artist’s whistle.  MVP — My ass!
I rang out my ear.  “I think I still hate that thing more,” I affirmed.
“I bet he blows it at Mrs. Hayes at home…to get her to um, perform,” Katie commented, twitching her brow.
I gagged.  “That’s sooo sick… Now how am I supposed to get that mental image out of my head?”
“What can I say?  It’ll take your mind off the mine,” Katie giggled.  She pointed over to the right side of the gymnasium.  “Hey, why are the mats down?” she questioned.
I was wondering that myself.  “I don’t know, but I’m sure we’ll find out.”
Coach Hayes blew his noisy little peacekeeper one more time to summon the class.  Everyone immediately gathered around in our usual half-circle formation.
“Zip it people and listen up!” Coach Hayes barked.  “Guys, today we’re going to be wrestling on this side of the gym,” he said with an enthusiastic point toward the mats.  Several of the girls let out a few sighs, expressing their discontent.  “Don’t worry, ladies.  You’ll be on the other side shootin’ hoops.  You can’t participate with the fellas on this one.”
Coach Hayes blew his whistle again, which sparked another disturbing visual image, courteously implanted by my BFF.  Trying to put a lid on my giggles was impossible.  Katie knew exactly what I was snickering about, which prompted a few chuckles of her own.  Coach Hayes found no amusement in our behavior whatsoever.  Straightaway, he blew the damn thing again.  That made it even worse.
“WALLACE!  STOWELL!” Coach Hayes growled.  “What’s so funny that you two have to interrupt my class?”
We both lowered our heads, still trying to contain our laughter.  “Nothing,” we sang in unison.
“WALLACE!  Do you have a problem with the activities for today?” Coach Hayes charged, his voice reeking with disgust. 
“No problem, Coach,” I insisted, “but it seems a little sexist,” I added brazenly, still miffed about the blind-eye he’d turned to his little monster’s creative antics last night.  I thought a little provoking was in order.
“Guys won’t be wrestling girls in MY GYM!  Guys are stronger, a fact of nature…and I’m not havin’ anyone runnin’ to the office sayin’, ‘this one grabbed me here’, or ‘that one grabbed me there’!”
“That’s not what I meant, Coach.  Why can’t us girls wrestle other girls?  You know, there are female wrestlers,” I rebutted.
Several of the guys let out a few chuckles.  “NO!” Coach Hayes snapped.  “Yeah right!  Female wrestling… It’s an embarrassment to the sport!”  He gave his irritating silver whistle one long, commanding blow and then strutted off like he’d just one a flippin’ coin toss.
I stood there, arms crossed and eyes rolling at his chauvinistic remark.  I should’ve hosed off more than just the parking lot last night!
“Guys, head on over to the mats and ladies, line up and start shootin’,” Coach Hayes yelled and directed me to the other side of the gym with a flippant wave.  “If it’s not too much of an inconvenience?”
Humph… Touchy.
Gym served as a decent distraction.  For the next forty minutes, Katie and I stood around in-between shots and watched the guys wrestle.  Mike Riverside pinned every one of his matched opponents.  Katie even commented on his impressive strength and dexterity.  I told her that I’d overheard Chloe talking to Charlotte about how Mike loved to watch wrestling on TV.  He had even taken her to a Strong-Man fighting competition in Beckley last week.  Though I had to admit, I couldn’t resist fantasizing a little about getting on the mat with him myself — and kicking his butt!  I still didn’t think he was right for Chloe, and I knew it was only a matter of time before she ended up getting hurt.  Even though we didn’t see eye-to-eye on pretty much everything, I was still protective of her — especially from cocky pricks like Mike Riverside.
Ty pinned all of his challengers as well.  I bet he’d give Mike a good run for his money, I thought.  I’d love to see that.  I wouldn’t mind getting on the mat with him either… For different reasons, of course.
Coach Hayes gave his whistle one final blow, signaling for everyone to wrap it up and hit the locker rooms.  I was changed and ready to head on over to my study hall just as the sixth period bell rang.  Katie was our school’s yearbook editor, so she would be heading across campus to work on layouts.
“Shi, why don’t you come and hang out in Mr. Scott’s room with the Annual Staff?” Katie pleaded.  “We can pick out really bad pictures of people we can’t stand and place them in the mock-ups.”
“As tempting as that sounds, I think I’m going to get a library pass and do some studying there,” I insisted.
“Don’t you mean googling?” Katie countered.
I smiled.  She knew exactly what was on my agenda.
“It’s spelled X-c-a-v-a-r-e,” Katie hollered back as she ran out of the gym.
I whipped out a scrap piece of paper from my backpack and jotted it down in a flash.  I was about to head off myself when I heard Coach Hayes bellow, “WALLACE!  Wait right there!”
I crumpled the paper in my hand.  What NOW?  I pressed the tip of my sneaker onto the floor, and with a harsh “squeak”, whirled my unenthused body around.  “Yes?” I posed.
“Say hello to Charlotte for me and thank her for all the hard work she’s put into the football boosters this year,” Coach Hayes remarked.  “Yeah… Tell her it’s been a real treat working with her this season, and I hate it’s coming to an end,” he added with a strange twinkle in his eye and strolled out the door.  His peculiar request bothered me just as much as the seedy smirk plastered on his face.  Coach Hayes never appreciated anything that didn’t light up a scoreboard, and I really didn’t know how the heck to process that fishy look?  But something about it sure reeked.
Still brooding, I strolled over to the side exit and started to push open the metal door.  A strange muffled sound stopped me right in my tracks.  A bit curious, I turned around to see exactly where the noise was coming from.
Oh, I found out soon enough.  Two pairs of shoes were on the floor, sticking out from behind the stacked bleachers.  I didn’t even have to take a guess at what they were doing (not from the “shushes” I heard) or whose feet were in them.  Black Asics with white piping — Mike Riverside.  White Nikes with brown and gold laces, the kind all the cheerleaders wore during sixth period when they practiced — Chloe.  A part of me wanted to go over there and break it up, but the other realized she had to make her own choices — even the poor ones.
Disgusted, I shook my head and threw open the door.  My head was still down and shaking from side to side when I ran into someone’s shoulder.
“Are you tryin’ to knock me down, Shi?”
Shocked by the familiarity of the voice, I jerked my head up.  Chloe.
“What are you doing…here?”  Crap!  I’d mistakenly assumed it was her feet in those cheerleader sneakers.
“Mom checked me out of school, so we can pick up my dress and find one for you.  You’re still going…AREN’T YOU?” Chloe badgered.
The tips of my nails dug into my palms because my fists were clenched so tight.  “Oh, yeah… I’m really looking forward to an evening with Mike,” I replied, struggling to suppress my anger.
“I—I was trying to catch Mike before I left.  Have you seen him?  Anywhere?”  Chloe’s voice wasn’t the only thing shaky.  She seemed downright frazzled.
My voice softened.  “Is there anything wrong?” I asked sincerely.  Chloe’s hazel eyes narrowed on the spot.  She could tell I sensed something was up.  Hastily, she attempted to compose herself with a haughty flick of her raven mane.
“Nothing’s wrong,” my littler sister snapped.  “I just wanted to see him before I left.”
Chloe wasn’t the least bit convincing.  Who knows?  Maybe she suspects something?  I could lead her into the gym and confirm all of her insecure suspicions right now.
I pondered the ramifications.  Con: She’d be devastated.  Pro: I wouldn’t have to go to the dance.  Con: Mom would be a nightmare to live with.  But most of all — some-freaking-how — I would catch ALL the blame, and Chloe would never forgive me.  Kill the messenger — definitely a con.
“Is he in the gym?  Did you see him in there?” Chloe asked anxiously.
“I didn’t see him,” I fibbed.  Just his shoes, I fumed quietly, knowing a partial lie was still a lie.
“Well if you do, tell him that I was looking for him… You promise?” Chloe demanded and shored up her request with a swift point of her finger like she was ordering around a toddler.
“I promise.  If I see him, I’ll give him a message…I mean, your message.”  At least that was true.  I’d planned on giving him an earful.  My fist wanted to give him an eyeful as well.  Even my knees had a few thoughts of their own.
“I’m off,” Chloe declared as she strutted towards the parking lot.
“Don’t you dare come home with something slutty!” I yelled, still apprehensive about her so-called “taste” in fashion.
My little sister didn’t turn around.  She simply waved her hand in the air to acknowledge my request.  I watched as she hopped into Charlotte’s white Cadillac and drove out of sight.  At least I don’t have to worry about taking Chloe home.  I can leave for the meeting right after seventh period.
After I’d secured a pass from my study hall, I made my way back across the courtyard to the building that housed all the English and foreign languages classes, as well as our school library.
It was a little more crowded than usual, but fortunately there was one computer open in the back corner.  I dug my Welch High School ID out of my backpack, and with one quick swipe I was logged in, ready to start surfing.
I typed in X-c-a-v-a-r-e E-n-t-e-r-p-r-i-s-e-s.  That yielded more info than I could ever imagine.  I discovered that the family business had been around for over 150 years.  The current owner was a man named, Malachi Xcavare, but his son, Lazarus Xcavare, ran the company for him.  Katie was right.  They appeared to mine everything — graphite, lithium, gold, silver, gemstones — the list went on and on.  I found an article claiming they had been searching for a coalmine to purchase for the past several months, but the spokesman stated they hadn’t found the “right match” for their company as of yet.  Another article talked about how they had stumbled upon a rare reserve of platinum near one of their gold mines out west.
Maybe this will be a good thing?  I couldn’t find one bad write-up about them.  They seem reputable…
Just then, an article popped up to my dismay.  The headline caught my eye.

SHAREHOLDERS  REVOLT  AS
XCAVARE  STOPS  EXCAVATING

It talked about how their shareholders were up in arms at the last stockholder’s meeting.  From what I gathered, Xcavare Enterprises had been buying up mines and land for exploration, but they only unearthed a fraction of their resources before they closed them down or tried to sell them off.
Why would you pay millions of dollars for a mine that you would end up closing or selling when it still had reserves?  That seems like a big waste of money.  Not to mention how devastating it probably was for all the employees who lost their jobs.
Before I knew it, the bell signaling the end of sixth period rang.  That tidbit of information didn’t make me feel any more relaxed.  If anything, I was more worried than ever.
It was just one article.  One.  All the others were so positive.  Maybe its writer had an agenda?  That’s possible.  The article was either truthful or a malicious hatchet job.  I was afraid the answer to whichever one it was, would only be revealed with time.
I hurried across the courtyard and entered the Music and Arts building in record time.  Our Art teacher, Mrs. Mesure, was standing outside her door, greeting each student as they entered.
“Good afternoon, Shiloh,” Mrs. Mesure beamed.
“I hope so,” I answered optimistically.
As I walked over to grab one of the smocks hanging by the sinks, I glanced up at the black and white clock on the wall.  Just forty-five more minutes, I noted, still antsy.
Maybe Art will clear my mind a bit?  I’d always found this class to be a relaxing end to my school day.
“We’re going to be doing some painting today,” Mrs. Mesure announced.  “I’m passing around some landscape photographs of local buildings and sceneries the junior class compiled during their field trip last week.”  She began dispersing a thick stack of 11 x 14 photos.  “You’re to reproduce them using watercolors to the best of your abilities.”
My easel was located in the back by the windows, so I felt fairly confident that all the good ones would be gone by the time they reached me.  Within seconds, Jessica Fields handed me the last picture, which happened to be face down.  I flipped it over.
Son-of-a-Bitch, I grumbled as I stared at the black and white photo.  The Riverside Pocahontas Coalmine… Well that figures!


Chapter  3  —  Meeting of the Minds

Finally, I huffed as the dismissal bell rang throughout the halls.  I sprang from my seat like a prize thoroughbred out of the gates and maneuvered through a maze of students and faculty, making my way to the parking lot in record time.
I looked down at my watch as I hopped into my car.  Two Thirty-Five.  Plenty of time to make it to the mine before the meeting starts.  Luckily, I zoomed out of the lot before the caravan of school buses departed.
As my car cruised through town, I couldn’t help but notice how quiet it was — almost deserted.  Not that Welch ever came close to the hustle & bustle of a metropolitan city, but it was noticeably odd.  All the shops and businesses appeared to be open (well, their lights were on), but no one was out and about.  Even the local cops weren’t parked in the center of town like they usually were.  Good thing, too.  I was exceeding the city’s downtown 10 mph speed limit as I zipped down the narrow one-way street.  Before I knew it, I was veering onto Highway 52, which led a path straight to the mine.
As soon as I’d crossed the Tug River Bridge, people began to gradually appear and all at once, I realized where everyone was.  Cars were lined up for as far as my eyes could see, flanking both sides of the road in a chaotic manner.  People were parking their vehicles wherever they would fit.  You’d think you were in the middle of a parade by the way folks were marching alongside the highway in droves and rest assured, all of them were heading towards the mine.
I still had a quarter of a mile to go before I would reach the mine’s main entrance.  I’ll never find a space in their parking lot.  It’s not like Daddy would’ve anticipated this crowd, let alone had the gumption or the audacity to put out a “Reserved for Daddy’s Little Girl” sign on an empty space in the employee lot.
I spotted a sizeable gap in-between a red & white pick-up truck and a rusted-out yellow Mustang.  By my assessment, it was going to be tight, very tight.  I squeezed my car into the spot carefully, praying I wouldn’t hit either vehicle.  Perfect, I thought as a small wave of pride swept over me.  You can’t learn those skills in Drivers Ed.  I scooted out cautiously, just barely having enough room to get my door open, and followed the determined swagger of the crowd.
There were tons of people — well over a thousand of them, easily.  Most of them were coalminers, with their family members right by their sides.  It seemed everyone around town had the same thing on their minds — their fate.  I even spied Mr. Estell up ahead.  He didn’t appear to be talking to anyone, just idly standing around.  He didn’t work for the coal company, but then again, neither did a lot of the people who’d turned out.
Weird… Twice in one day.
My mind was already stewing with fretful thoughts about the meeting and now strangely, my body became rigid with apprehension, almost instinctively, with every step that took me closer to the eerie drifter.  I looked straight ahead as I started to pass him, but oddly I felt him — staring at me.  Discreetly, I shifted my field of vision.  His face appeared hard and painfully frigid.  I shuddered once I was safely out of his sight.
I guess every town has one of “those guys”.
I stepped off the highway as soon as I’d reached the gravel-covered road that led to the mine’s parking lot.  As I’d predicted, it was packed.  Good thing I parked back there.
I had to practically force my body through the restless crowd  — twisting & turning, pushing & shoving — every step of the way.  I reached the main entrance (without any injury) only to discover that the gates had been fastened shut with a winding metal chain.  That wasn’t normal for this time of day, but it was clear why they were.
I overheard people yelling at Uriah Hatfield, the dayshift security guard, telling him to “Open up the gates!”  You didn’t tell Uriah what he was going to do, not if you knew what was good for you.  The surly guard simply ignored their pleas while he sat kicked-back in his cramped glass station and continued to read his newspaper.  Evidently, he had orders not let anyone but employees scheduled to work onto the property.  I hoped Daddy had left word that I would be coming.  I couldn’t stand the thought of being so close to getting some mental resolve only to be turned away because I hadn’t been “cleared” to enter.  That would be sheer torture, especially in this horde of anxious rednecks.
After a little more maneuvering, I was standing in front of the security station, tapping on the glass window and pressing the call button.  Uriah Hatfield lowered his newspaper.  Without delay, he tilted his head towards the ceiling and gave his head a trepidatious shake.  I actually saw him mouthing out a regretful, “Oh no”, too.  That wasn’t encouraging.
Well, the sign does say “Mine Security”, not “Welcome Center”.
Uriah leaned over and pressed the intercom button.  “If it ain’t trouble herself come a knockin’ on my door,” he groaned with the volume up loud enough for half the crowd to hear.
I was slightly offended by his semi-warranted crack.  When I was a little girl, Uriah had harshly tagged me as a “trouble-maker”.  I preferred “curious”.  So he had found me on several occasions playing in areas around the mine I shouldn’t be in — and maybe I did hijack a rail car or two (actually nine, if he’d kept count) when I wanted to pretend I was a train engineer.  I’d only mimicked what Mike Riverside had done before, on plenty of occasions, I might add.  “He” never got into trouble — but I did.  Then again, my daddy didn’t own the mine.
“Hi, Mr. Hatfield,” I muttered through the circular intercom.  “Daddy said it was okay for me to come.  But I promise…I’ll be on my best behavior today.  No trouble.”
Uriah Hatfield let out a grunt as he rose from his seat.  I did notice that he was actually wearing his “official” security guard uniform for a change.  Any other time he would be dressed in an old flannel shirt and jeans.  He preferred the “laid back & casual” look, but not today.  I guess Harper Riverside is puttin’ on the dog for the prospective buyers.
Uriah opened the door and edged outside.  “Yeah, Bea mentioned you’d be a comin’ and to let ya in…But why’d ya haveta bring the whole damn town with ya?”
I really wasn’t in the mood for his abrasive humor, so I politely smiled and shrugged my shoulders.  Uriah motioned me over to a smaller door-sized gate beside the main one and opened it just as quickly as he closed it behind me.
“I’ll know better next time,” I teased playfully.  He didn’t say a word.  Uriah’s only response was a curt snarl accompanied by a dismissive wave as he moseyed back to his post.
Apparently water doesn’t flow under his bridge, I noted as I shook off his grumpy gesture.
My entry riled the heck out of several bystanders.  They questioned why I was allowed in and they weren’t.  Uriah ignored their comments with a blatant, goading flick of his newspaper and propped it back in front of his face.
Now that I was officially “in”, I headed straight for the main building where Daddy’s desk was located.  Harper Riverside’s office and the conference room were directly down the hall from it.  Surely they’ll have the meeting in one of those rooms.
I arrived at the building to find three sleek, black Chevy Suburbans parked right in front of it.  It kind of looked like something out of a spy movie.  My eyes glanced around to the rear of the vehicles.  Yep, dealer plates.  My stomach did a quick flip as I whisked open the door and stepped inside.
Without delay, I dashed up the stairs to the second floor.  Sadly, all I found was an empty reception area — no “Ms. Sutherland”, or any other secretary for that matter, and certainly not Daddy.
Where is everyone?  They have to be here…somewhere?
The office looked exactly as I’d remembered it, only weathered by time.  Mr. Riverside was known for his frugalness and never updated a thing unless it was broken-beyond-repair.  The walls were still covered in the same multi-tone beige sea-grass wallpaper that was beginning to peel away from its seams.  I placed my hand on the wall in front of me and smiled.  I remembered how I used to run my fingers all along the paper’s knotty lines when I was little.  There was something about its texture that I’d always found pleasing.  The same burgundy leather chairs I would climb on and spin around in until I was beyond dizzy were still seated in front of the old metal desks that had been here forever.  They were outdated as well, but as I plopped down into the vacant one at Ms. Sutherland’s desk and gave it a quick spin, I discovered they were still functional and quite comfortable.
As I whirled around, I spied numerous maps of the mine’s tunnels plastered up on the walls.  There were several safety awards as well, and even a few candid photographs of different miners tacked onto a large corkboard.  Most of the pictures were of men who had passed.
Still spinning around, I lowered my feet to slow the revolving chair and stopped directly in front of Ms. Sutherland’s desk.  Something caught my eye that sparked a smile.  Sitting on the corner of her desk was the hand-carved coal sculpture of a miner I would play with when I was little.  It was one of my favorite things.  I used to pretend that it was my “award”.  I would even climb up on her desk and stand there like I was on a stage, giving my acceptance speech as I waved it around proudly.  Sometimes it was an Oscar and other times a Grammy (though honestly, I couldn’t carry a tune).
Yes, I had so many memories of this office.  A funny feeling came over me as I sat there.  For some strange reason, I felt like today would be another one of those “memorable moments”.
Whether it’ll be a good one or bad one, now that remains to be seen.
The next thing I knew, I felt a hand firmly grasp my shoulder.  Startled, I flew up out of the chair.
No one’s ever been able to sneak up on me, I thought as I caught my breath and spun around.  There stood Beatrix Sutherland.  Imagine that… All these years and a blind lady managed to pull it off.
“Shiloh, is that you?” Beatrix Sutherland asked.
“Yes, Ms. Sutherland,” I replied, still clutching my chest and slightly stunned by her on-the-money guess.  “You startled me.”
“I’m sorry, dear,” Beatrix Sutherland apologized with a lighthearted laugh.  “I didn’t mean to.  Usually, I’m the one who gets snuck up on.  I never get to be the ‘sneaker’.”
Ms. Sutherland hadn’t changed a bit.  It was truly remarkable.  I hadn’t seen her in several years, not since her 65th birthday party, but it appeared that time hadn’t marched across her face like I’d expected.  Sure, she had aged slightly and acquired a few more wrinkles, but they were soft and somewhat flattering.  I’d seen younger women around town with markedly more lines on their faces.  Maybe she had some work done?  But somehow I couldn’t picture it.  Beatrix Sutherland seemed too relaxed and carefree.  She didn’t strike me as someone obsessed with vanity, and after all — she was blind!  Why would it matter how much time had taken a toll on her face?  She didn’t have to look at it (and couldn’t see others doing so either).  I watched as her chestnut-hued eyes drifted aimlessly off to the side.  She still had her figure, too.  She must be one of those seniors who stays active and hits the gym all the time.  The only thing that seemed somewhat traditional about the sweet little old lady was her cropped, pixie-length silver hair — but even it was extremely trendy-looking on her.
I spotted her clutching a massive amount of files and paperwork.  “Here, let me get those for you,” I insisted.
“That’s kind of you, my dear, but I’ve got these.  I’m blind…not crippled,” Beatrix Sutherland declared as she threw the load of office work over three feet towards the direction of her desk.  I watched in amazement as they all landed perfectly on the only vacant spot on its cluttered surface and not a one of them had even slipped an inch out of place.
My mouth cracked open slightly.  Impressive.
“Freesias,” Beatrix Sutherland said with a smile.
“Excuse me?”  I hadn’t a clue as to what she was talking about.
“Freesias, dear.  That’s what I always smell when you’re around.  That’s how I knew it was you,” Beatrix Sutherland remarked confidently as she sat down at her desk.
I pulled my shirt out a bit and lowered my head, attempting to catch a whiff of any sort of aroma being emitted from my body.  I didn’t find a trace of a florally scent, and I could smell everything.
“I don’t see why?” I questioned.  “I’m not wearing any perfume, and my deodorant is unscented.  My soap has a subtle scent, but nothing like freesias.  It must be the fabric softener,” I reasoned.
“Hmmm,” Beatrix hummed curiously as she continued to sort through the files on her desk.
“Have you seen…”  Crap… I misspoke.  I quickly rephrased my question.  “Um, do you know where Daddy is?”  I thought to myself, Of course she hasn’t “seen” him, idiot!
Ms. Sutherland stopped filing for a brief moment and stroked her silvery hair.  She turned towards the direction of my voice.
“He’s already in the conference room.  They all are.”  She slowly swiveled her chair back around to finish her work.   There was an uneasiness in her voice.  She clearly seemed disturbed by something.
“All meaning the entourage from Xcavare Enterprises?” I speculated.
Ms. Sutherland turned around out of courtesy and asked, “What do you know about Xcavare, Shiloh?”
Now I sensed some anticipation in her tone.  “Well… I know they were supposed to land at the Mercer County Airport today.”
Beatrix Sutherland seemed to be taking great pains to process the information.  After a long pause, she asked, “Is that all you know about them?”
Strangely, I felt the sudden need to weigh my words carefully.  “Umm… Katie told me a little bit more…and I may have googled them in the school library today.”
“Katie?  Katie Stowell?  Ron and Julia Stowell’s daughter?” she asked.
I could tell she already knew the answer to her own question.  Everyone knows everyone in Welch.
“Yes,” I confirmed.
“Then you must know that among their many geological and mineral endeavors, they also have a small operation devoted solely to the excavation of gemstones,” she acknowledged, seeming a bit peeved.
“I did hear something about that,” I admitted.
Ms. Sutherland leaned back in her chair, almost like she was distraught about something, and let out a sigh.  I found her response peculiar.  For a brief moment, I was kind of glad she couldn’t see the perplexed look I knew was written all over my face.  She turned her head towards the window slowly.  If I didn’t know she was blind, I’d swear she was actually looking out it, like anyone would if they were in deep thought about something.
Maybe she needs to feel the warmth of the sun on her face?
She sat there, lost in her thoughts while she rubbed the ring finger of her left hand — the very one that usually displayed the delicate gold metal band set with her perfectly round golden topaz, which or some reason was missing.  Oddly, I became engrossed with staring at the only bare finger on her hand.
“Ms. Sutherland, where’s your ring?” I blurted, without thinking.
She stopped stroking her finger immediately and abruptly lowered her hand.  “Oh, I must’ve left it at home…on the sink.”
It wasn’t what I would call a convincing excuse.  She had remembered to put on all the other rings she always carted around.  Surely her hand would’ve felt strange, like something wasn’t there.
“It’s always been your favorite, right?” Ms. Sutherland softly asserted. 
I found her correct guess intriguing.  “How did you know that?”
“Oh, I seem to remember a little girl who would come down here with her father that would sit in my lap and run her fingers all along my hands.  She played with every one of my rings…twisting and turning them on my fingers…but she always paid the most attention to my little topaz.”
Her vivid memory sparked a smile.  “That’s right.  It was my favorite.  Not that the others aren’t beautiful.  I guess I just liked its simple elegance…and it always had a special sparkle.  It seemed to catch the light more than any of your others.”  My voice trailed off.  Crap!  I just did it again… How can she ever see any of her rings “sparkling” or even “catching the light”?  Idiot!
Ms. Sutherland appeared to be amused.  “No,” she pointed out, “I can’t see my rings catching any light.”  Her giggles served to put me somewhat at ease.  “All I need is to feel them there.  I don’t have to physically see them, my dear, but they mean just as much to me.”
“Or maybe because it’s my birthstone?” I added.
“Maybe… But you know, there are many different colors of topazes.  Though I’ve always found the golden ones are the most practical to have around,” Ms. Sutherland stressed.
I’ve heard jewelry described as many things, but never “practical” — quite the opposite.  Maybe when you can’t see their beauty, they serve a different purpose?
Ms. Sutherland rose from her chair and took a few steps in my direction, positioning herself in front of me.
“Shiloh, would you indulge me, dear?  I haven’t done this in years, but I’d love to get a better idea of the young lady you’ve grown up to be on the outside.  I’d like to have a fresh mental picture of you, if you don’t mind?”
I knew what she was referring to.  She hadn’t “felt my face” in years, and I was so fond of her that I gladly obliged her request.
“Sure” I replied.  “Go ahead.”
Her hands found their way to the top of my head.  Gently, she caressed them down the sides of my face and then back up, like I imagined an artist would if they were modeling a piece of clay.  With every touch, her eyes softened and her smile grew wider.
“Beautiful… The outsides certainly match the insides,” she proclaimed.
This was the second time today my appearance had become a topic of discussion, and I found myself feeling uncomfortably self-conscious — again.  I shied away as politely as I could.
She folded her arms.  “I swear, just like—”
Beatrix Sutherland was interrupted by the sound of a door creaking open, followed by voices trailing down the hall.  They seemed to be growing louder with each second that passed.
Jack Taylor, the dayshift foreman, was the first to emerge.  He tipped his lighted hardhat at us as he walked by.
“Ladies,” Mr. Taylor said with a smile.  I took that as a good sign.
Next to enter was Ricky Rogers, the local coalminers’ union president.  He was in a hurry and had a scowl on his face.  I couldn’t make heads or tails from his expression.  He always looked like that.  Personally, I thought his face was frozen that way.  He was a guy who was never happy about anything.  Ricky Rogers paused only for a moment to acknowledge our presence.
“Bea.  Shiloh,” Mr. Rogers remarked curtly before he clomped out the door.
The news couldn’t have been bad, I thought.  As neurotic as what Ricky Rogers was, he would’ve opted to leave via one of the open windows.
Ms. Sutherland sat back down at her desk and began randomly shuffling through some paperwork, like she was trying to find something to work on, or possibly in search of a distraction.
Daddy was the next one to follow.  It’s about time, I thought.  He was sporting a strange look on his face when he stepped into the office that shifted into borderline-frightful as soon as our eyes met.  Not a second later, he was hurrying towards the door and motioning for me to follow.  I became panic-stricken as he breezed past and planted myself right were I stood.
“What’s WRONG?” I demanded, confused by his behavior.  When Daddy realized I hadn’t budged, he grabbed my arm and yanked me towards the door.
“Shiloh, our meeting’s over.  I’ll tell you all about it when I get home later,” Daddy insisted.  “I’m sure you’re tired of waiting.”
There wasn’t a doubt in my mind.  He was rushing me out of here.  “I haven’t been here that long,” I countered, still wondering what awful news could have rattled his chain.  I’d never seen him this flustered.  Again, Daddy gave me a slight shove in an attempt to get me to cross the threshold and move out into the hall.  The problem was — I wasn’t going anywhere, and he knew it too.
Daddy attempted to reassure me with a smile and quick peck on the cheek.  “Shi, really… Everything’s fine.”
I wasn’t buying it.  Something was most certainly “up”.
 “Honestly,” Daddy proclaimed as he tried to usher me out the door one more time.
I pushed his hand away automatically.  “NO!  I DON’T BELIEVE YOU!” I exclaimed with an equally forceful tone.
This was the most defiant I’d ever been to my father.  Plainly, he was signaling for me to leave, but I stood there like I had the word “LIAR” etched in the whites of my eyes, glaring at him.  His brow started to furrow, letting me know his patience had worn out.  Sure, Chloe had bucked him a million times over the years, and I’d seen him make this face before, but never towards me.  The daughter who had “never disappointed him” was now showing out — at his work, to boot.
I sighed and lowered my head.  “Okay… If you say so,” I relented.  “You’ve never lied to me.”
Daddy glanced over at Ms. Sutherland and then gave me a stern look.  “I’ll be home as soon as possible, but I need you to leave… Right now,” he commanded in his stern father-voice.
I attempted to calm myself down by rationalizing (hoping really) that maybe his boss wouldn’t have wanted any family members in the office during the meeting.  “Of course, Daddy.  Bye, Ms. Sutherland,” I called back to her somberly.
“Good-bye, dear,” she replied with a sympathetic smile.
I was about to disappear through the door when a strange voice called out, “Well now… Who is this?  I thought I’d already been introduced to all the lovely ladies in the office.”
The voice’s accent was undeniably from someone who’d never hung around a southern state long enough to pick up any semblance of a country-twang.  Very refined and articulate, I noted.  It oozed with charm and sophistication — not to mention, considerable wealth.
Daddy’s hand grasped my arm a little tighter as he slowly turned towards the stranger’s voice.  He announced, “This is my oldest daughter.  She came by to drop something off to me, but she’s on her way home.”  Daddy kept a firm, stationary hold on me.  I doubted if I could even turn around willingly.
“Well, I would personally love to meet my night foreman’s daughter.  Xcavare is a family business, you know.  Turn around, child.  I insist.”
Daddy’s hesitation confused me.  By all accounts of what I’d just heard, the mine was his.  It was being sold, not closed.  They’re still in business and Daddy’s job is safe.  The town is safe.  This is great news!
Daddy’s grip eventually loosened, slowly.
I whipped around, beaming a smile that stretched across my face.  There in the middle of the office, a striking, yet strange man stood before me.  He towered over portly Harper Riverside, who was standing to his right.  The man seemed refined, without a doubt, but he had a slightly weathered look about him — not necessarily by years, but rather experiences.  My eyes traced every inch of his appearance.  His long chiseled face was framed with waves of white hair that cascaded past his shoulders.  He actually had enough of it to spare and give to Mr. Riverside (whose had thinned out quite a bit since the last time I’d seen him).  The distinguished new owner was dressed in the most stylish three-piece suit I’d ever seen.  It was a charcoal gray hue with a hint of iridescence to it.  It seemed to bring out the color of his steel-blue eyes, almost like he’d selected the color for that intended purpose.  Now they were penetrating.  Final ruling: Very tailored, very classy, but nevertheless — very peculiar.  A cane lay propped in the bend of his arm, which lent him an extra touch of sophistication.  The handle was wrapped with a strip of leather that spiraled up to its tip, and the carvings on its long wooden shaft were incredibly ornate.  I assumed the fancy walking-stick was just for show.  Though his hair was white, he looked to be in his early 40’s and in perfect health.
He won’t have to worry about getting confused with any of the locals around here…that’s for sure!
“Lazarus Xcavare,” the man announced as he extended his hand.
I glanced back at Daddy.  He seemed calm, yet apprehensive.  I kind of got the impression he didn’t want me to shake it, but as soon as Daddy noticed my eyes narrowing, his demeanor changed.  He did a complete turnabout and motioned for me to politely oblige the request of his “new” boss.
Maybe Daddy really is uncomfortable with me being here?  I am at his workplace…interrupting an important meeting.  After all, it’s not “Bring-your-daughter-to-work” Day.
“Shyloh Wallace,” I announced politely as I reached over to shake the intriguing new owner’s hand.
I noticed a beautiful band of braided gold on the ring finger of Mr. Xcavare’s right hand.  An odd, royal blue stone sat in its center.  Though its color seemed to vary, the stone’s blue hue melded nicely with the tiny black and white flecks that randomly splattered the surface of the polished rock.  Strangely, I found myself captivated by it and purposely brushed my fingers over it as I took his hand.
Suddenly, a subtle but noticeable jolt went up my arm.  It felt cold — eerily cold.  I quickly composed myself with a smile and passed it off as static electricity.  The longer I stared into his steely blue eyes, the more they began to deepen into a shade strikingly similar to the stone in his ring.  Probably just from the lighting in the room, I rationalized innocently.
His handshake was forceful, exactly what you’d expect from a titan-of-industry.  However, the next thing I knew, my entire body felt like a frigid block of ice for some unknown reason, and my heart seemed frighteningly black.  Wicked emotions began to roll through my head uncontrollably, and I heard a voice call out,

Damn, I’m so tired of this!
Just a few more hours to finalize things,
then I can start searching…
And where the Hell is Grey?
Father insisted he be here…
He’d better be out collecting my samples…
I’ll have no stone unturned while we search this
back-woods, flea-bitten, trashy hick-town!
The sooner I find it…the better!

My eyes practically exploded.  I’d heard Mr. Xcavare’s voice as clear as a bell, but the troubling thing was — HIS LIPS NEVER MOVED!   He was simply standing there, smiling.  Without delay, I looked around at everyone in the room, desperately searching for any sign that they’d heard what he’d just said.  Unexplainably, they hadn’t.  I felt the color beginning to drain from my face, and my head automatically sank towards my chest.
Daddy noticed my peculiar behavior and crept closer to where we stood.  Lazarus Xcavare must have picked up on it, too.  He was still holding my hand, but then all of a sudden, he placed his arm around me, like he sensed my apprehension and was attempting to soothe me.  As soon as Lazarus Xcavare’s left hand landed on my shoulder, he drew me closer, rocking my body with another frigid jolt.

What is with these ignorant hillbillies?
Haven’t they ever seen a man of stature before?
Probably not…
I guess they’re more comfortable with their men
running around in overalls and tank tops.
They really need to teach these
young people some manners…
This one will probably end up
barefoot and pregnant by spring…
If she isn’t already…

Surely someone heard that, I thought, still paralyzed by a mixture of fear and disbelief.  I looked over at Daddy.  Why isn’t he correcting this asshole for basically calling me a careless back-woods slut?  I could feel my eyes about to pop out of my sockets as I helplessly locked my heated and confused stare onto a random spot on the floor.
I heard voices echoing around me, but I couldn’t focus on what they were saying.  Dazed, my stare drifted towards my father, only to find him standing there looking utterly shocked with his mouth practically on the daggone floor.
“Shiloh?” Daddy called out nervously.  He didn’t know what the heck was wrong with me, and neither did I.
I realized how embarrassing this undoubtedly looked, especially for Daddy.  I scrambled for an excuse as I remained motionless, still locked in Lazarus Xcavare’s arms.
“I just feel a bit…light-headed,” I mumbled.
Again, the voice called out in my head,

Yes, indeed… Probably pregnant!

With that, I sprang out of Lazarus Xcavare’s grasp.  Nervously, I ran my hands through my hair and began fanning myself, uncontrollably.
“I think I need some air,” I insisted, “…or something.”
“Bea, get this girl some water NOW!” Harper Riverside ordered gruffly, trying to take charge of the awkward situation and clearly disgusted by the spectacle I’d just made.
As I tried to clear my head, my eyes fell upon Ms. Sutherland.  A dreadful look had hardened onto her face.  She seemed worried.  Even her soft wrinkles looked deeper and more defined.  The scene must have sounded awful to her, since she couldn’t actually see what was happening.
“Right away, Mr. Riverside,” she agreed.
My eyes followed Ms. Sutherland to the water cooler, watching as she maneuvered through the men effortlessly.  On her way back, she accidentally bumped into Mr. Xcavare, spilling more than a few drops of water on his designer suit.
“Excuse me, Sir,” Ms. Sutherland apologized nonchalantly.
Lazarus Xcavare snarled as he pulled a crisp white handkerchief from his inside pocket and then blotted the water spots with several heated pats.
That’s odd.  She didn’t have a problem avoiding them a second ago, I thought suspiciously.  But right then, I couldn’t have cared less if she’d dumped the whole daggone water bottle on him.
Daddy swiftly sat me down at a vacant desk.  I couldn’t muster the courage to look at him, let alone anyone else in the room, particularly Lazarus Xcavare.  I felt the weight of everyone’s eyes on me as I slumped down in the chair — strangely, even Ms. Sutherland’s.
Beatrix Sutherland kneeled by my side and handed me the cup of water.  “Here, dear.  Drink this.”  She practically forced my face into the plastic cup as she hugged me.
“Is she going to be all right?” Harper Riverside asked, making a forced attempt at some compassion.
“She’ll be fine,” Daddy assured them with a half-hearted smile.  “Don’t let us keep you from your tour, Mr. Xcavare.  I know you have a lot of business to tend to today,” he insisted.
“Yes… We do,” Mr. Xcavare remarked with a confused, but intrigued look.  “Caiden,” Lazarus Xcavare chuckled and continued, “May I call you Caiden?”
“Yes, Sir,” Daddy responded cordially.
“No, no.  I’m ‘Mr. Xcavare’.  My father is ‘Sir’,” he countered with a snide laugh and dramatic wave of his cane.  “I know you aren’t technically on the clock right now.  However, I want you to accompany us on the tour.”
Though my face was still buried in the cup, my eyes were focused solely on Daddy.  It was obvious from watching him standing there quietly rubbing his creased brow that he didn’t want to go.  Mr. Riverside appeared to be growing impatient with Daddy’s newfound muteness.  He stared at Daddy restlessly, waiting for his response.
“Certainly Caiden will join us,” Harper Riverside declared arrogantly, which instantly pleased Lazarus Xcavare.
“I would also like to do a quick drive around some of the property that sits adjacent to the mine,” Lazarus Xcavare announced.  “I bet you know this area like the back of your hand, Caiden…am I right?”
Daddy looked a bit perplexed.  “Yes, Mr. Xcavare.  You’re right.”
“Well of course I’m right.  I always am.”  He looked around and let out a haughty laugh.  “Listen to your instincts… That’s what I always say and do,” he added vainly as he lifted his cane and pointed it at everyone in the room with one grand, theatrical sweep.
Harper Riverside joined in on his laughter and gave Mr. Xcavare a swift smack on the back.  That gesture went unappreciated.  Lazarus Xcavare’s eyes narrowed just as quickly as his laughter ceased.  Harper Riverside cowered back nervously, wallowing in regret.
Daddy cleared his throat.  “What properties were you wanting to survey?  If you don’t mind me asking.”
“Oh, not at all, Caiden.  I’m interested in touring all the adjacent land that surrounds the mine within a five-mile radius…for starters.  You never know where better reserves are hiding,” Lazarus Xcavare said with a smirk as he smacked his hand with the handle of the cane.
“Even Shiloh Ridge?” Ms. Sutherland remarked doubtfully.
Everyone turned their heads towards the blind secretary who had been sitting quietly off to the side.
“I suppose…if it’s adjacent to the mine,” Lazarus Xcavare replied in a condescending tone, looking only at Harper Riverside.  He didn’t appear to appreciate her interjection into their conversation, nor did he ever physically direct his attention her way.
Mr. Xcavare’s demeanor didn’t appear to intimidate Beatrix Sutherland one bit.  “That property’s not for sale.  In fact, there are people all over these mountains, scattered here and there, living within that range,” she proclaimed brazenly.
Lazarus Xcavare bowed his head slightly as he let out a petulant sigh.  He raised his head boldly with a laugh and turned to the office secretary, finally acknowledging her meager presence.
“Everything is for sale, Madame…and everyone has a price,” Lazarus Xcavare assured her arrogantly with a lofty raise of his brow.
“Oh, Caiden’s definitely the man for the job.  He lives up past Shiloh Ridge.  That land is practically his own backyard,” Harper Riverside interjected, attempting to break up the escalating tension in the room and ingratiate himself with his now irritated, wealthy & prospective buyer.
Mr. Xcavare flashed a pandering grin.  “Perfect.  Maybe while we’re out, you can show me your home?  We’re a family business.  I would love to meet the rest of yours,” he proclaimed while his curious eyeballs shifted my way.  “Shall we go?” Lazarus posed with a couple of claps and then strutted towards the door.
“If you’ll give me a minute…to check on my daughter?” Daddy requested, not appearing to be in any hurry to join them.
Harper Riverside looked back at Mr. Xcavare before rendering any decision.  Lazarus Xcavare didn’t hesitate.
“But of course,” Lazarus Xcavare agreed with an arched brow.  “I’m sure she’s fine.  We’ll be waiting downstairs.”
Mr. Xcavare stepped out into the hall with Harper Riverside following behind him like a faithful, lowly servant.  I’d never seen my father’s boss so submissive or obedient to anyone.  I swear he would have lined Lazarus Xcavare’s path with rose petals if he’d had them.
Without warning, Lazarus Xcavare reappeared in the doorway.  “Good-bye, child.  I genuinely hope you recover from whatever it is that’s…ailing you,” he remarked with a curt smile and then was gone in a flash.
Daddy knelt down beside me.  “Shiloh, are you working at the Drive-In tonight?”  I got the impression that a “yes” would be music to his ears.
“No.  My next shift isn’t until tomorrow night,” I answered.  Daddy seemed distraught, which only added to my confusion.  I figured he would’ve been more concerned with “what in the Hell was going on with me”, but he didn’t even question my bizarre behavior.  He just sat there with the focus of a chess player — contemplating WHAT, I had no idea.
My voice began to crack.  “Are—Aren’t you going to ask me what happened…or what’s wrong?”  He neither answered, nor acknowledged me.
What is he brooding about? I wondered.
“Daddy…Um, Daddy?” I called out, over and over.  My voice ascended with every attempt to get his attention.
Indirectly, Daddy’s fixed stare fell on me.  His eyes flared as soon as he realized that he’d unintentionally tuned me out.
“Oh, Shiloh…I’m sorry, honey.  What happened?” Daddy asked, now the epitome of “concerned”.
I sat there in silence for a moment, knowing full well that Daddy and Ms. Sutherland were both eagerly awaiting my answer.  I couldn’t possibly have felt more uncomfortable if I’d been strapped to a chair in a dark interrogation room left to sweat out his question under a hot blinding spotlight.
What could I say?  Oh, nothin’ much… I just heard every freakin’ thing that creepy guy was saying…in his DAGGONE HEAD!  It sounded crazy!  Utterly insane!  My embarrassing behavior had already caused Daddy enough tension, so there was no way I could tell him that I’d just heard Lazarus Xcavare’s thoughts, let alone what kind of things that pompous ass had said.  I opted to construct my words very carefully.
“I don’t know… Stress, maybe?  I’ve been tied up in knots all day.”  They both looked skeptical.  “And I didn’t eat any lunch, because I had such a heavy breakfast.  Maybe my blood sugar dropped a bit?” I added.  Their doubts seemed to be subsiding — a little.
“But you’re feeling better…now?” Ms. Sutherland questioned.
I rose from my chair, preparing to put forth a convincing performance.  “Yes, yes.  I’m fine.  Totally fine,” I declared and threw in a perky smile for good measure.
Daddy stood up beside me and grasped my shoulders.  “I want you to go straight home…okay?”
“I will.”  That was my plan anyway.  I would’ve run out of here five minutes ago if I’d had the chance.  The idea of jumping into my bed and throwing the covers over my head like when I was little sounded really comforting.
Daddy looked towards the door.  “I have to go now, but I want you to do something for me.  After you finish your homework, could you start cleaning out my workshop?”
My mouth dropped.  “Your workshop?” I asked cluelessly.
Why in the heck does he want me to do THAT?  He was all worried my physical-state just a minute ago, and now he wants hard labor out of me?  Did I miss something?  Am I in trouble?
“It would really help me out, Shiloh,” Daddy insisted with an unwavering nod.  “I’ve got a few things I need to finish up this weekend, and I could get them done a heck of a lot faster if it was more organized out there.”
Now I was the skeptic.  I didn’t know of any pending projects that required an organized workspace.  However, I knew all too well how messy his workshop behind our house had gotten.  It was an accomplishment for him when he finally completed a project, what with all he had to do on a daily basis.  “Cleaning up the mess” was a rare occurrence, but in his defense, he simply didn’t have the time.  No sooner than he would finish up one job, Charlotte would be there waiting on pins and needles to hand him another.
“Sure, Daddy,” I agreed humbly, like a dutiful daughter would, and reached over to kiss him on the cheek.  “You can go.  I’m fine.  I don’t have any homework, so I’ll get started on it as soon as I get home.”  I gave him a reassuring smile.  “I promise.”
Daddy slapped on his hardhat and after a quick peck on my cheek, he was out the door.
My eyes stared blankly at the empty doorway.  The sound of Ms. Sutherland’s voice broke the silence.
“Your ‘blood-sugar’, huh?” she asked in a dubious tone.
She hadn’t bought a bit of it.  Instantly, I turned to her.  “Isn’t that what happens when you haven’t eaten in a while?” I posed, determined to put this topic to rest.
Beatrix Sutherland shook her head and went back to sorting the remaining files on her desk, sighing under her breath.
“I guess standing too close to trash like that will make anyone lightheaded,” she remarked, “and even a little queasy.”
Her comment surprised me.  I’ve got a good reason to think that about Lazarus Xcavare.  I’d heard his opinions of Welch, and its residents — especially the “barefoot and pregnant” one about me.  Is it possible she heard them, too?
“Trash?” I inquired.
“Oh, just those hoity-toity, uppity folks.  You don’t have to see trash to know its there… You can certainly smell it.”
Ms. Sutherland was right.  He was arrogant and odd — very odd.  Without a doubt, he would definitely ruffle a few feathers around town with his brash mannerisms alone.  You didn’t need to hear what he was thinking to know he was a snide, elitist asshole.
“It was nice seeing you, Ms. Sutherland, but I guess I need to get home now.  Apparently, I have a big evening ahead of me,” I scoffed lightly.  I didn’t feel like chatting anymore, and I wanted out of here desperately so I could be alone with my thoughts — and hopefully, no one else’s!
“Shiloh, before you go…I wanted ask a favor from you.”
“Sure,” I replied.
“I was wondering if you had some free time on Saturday?  I put my notice in earlier today, and I need some help boxing up my belongings.  They’re just things I won’t need for the next ten days.  I’ll pay you, of course.”
Thrown for a loop, my eyes shot open.  “You’re leaving?  The mine?  And moving out of town?”
“Yes, dear,” Ms. Sutherland confirmed casually.
I can understand why she may want to retire, but moving away as well?  I’d sensed some tension between her and Mr. Xcavare, so naturally my curiosity was piqued.
“Is this because of the sale?” I probed.
“Partly, but my stay here has always been…limited.  It’s time for me to complete my duties and be on my way,” she said confidently.  “Oh, you’ll have a some help, too.  Someone usually comes by on the weekends to do odd jobs for me.  I’ll have them help you with the packing.  Mr. Mayfield will be dropping off a box truck tomorrow night.  All you will have to do is pack boxes and then load them in the truck.”
Even as she spoke, I still couldn’t process the idea that she was leaving — for good.  I hadn’t seen her in years, but I was genuinely fond of her and could tell by the sinking feeling in my stomach that I would truly miss her.  Daddy thought the world of her, too.
“Yes, Ms. Sutherland.  I can come over around eight o’clock, if that’s okay?”  I wanted to help her as much as I could before the dance-from-Hell that evening.
“Splendid!” Ms. Sutherland exclaimed.  “Okay, give me a hug, and I’ll see you then.”
I gave her a tight squeeze.  “Bye.  I’ll see you Saturday…but I’m not taking your money.”
“You will have to take something, dear,” Ms. Sutherland replied adamantly as she ran her hand along the curve of my jaw.  “Good-bye, Shiloh.  Don’t work too hard tonight.”
“Okay.”  With that said, I hurried out the door, ran down the stairs, and rushed outside for some much-needed fresh air (well, as fresh-of-air as one could get around a dirty old coalmine, that is).
The weight of my body thrust me back against the door while the chilly whip of a cool fall breeze smacked my face and followed me as I slid to the ground.  I felt like I was in a trapped elevator, crashing down into a bottomless pit of confusion.
What the heck just happened in there?  My mind was racing.  I’d heard things I couldn’t possibly have been able to hear.  Dumbfounded, I found myself shaking as a chill coursed along every nerve in my body.  I clutched my little oval locket instinctively for some sense of security.  Even my breaths were controlled and deep.
And why would he think that stuff about me?  As crazy as it sounded, I was slightly more disturbed by the notion of some stranger implying that I was some little moronic redneck slut who whored the hills sans “protection”.  I tended to be a bit vain about my sexual status.  My virginity was something I held in highest regard (kind of like my own “Endangered Species” list).  My sex life — or lack thereof — was no one’s business but my own!
And who’s going to believe me?  That was the depressing part.  Daddy?  Apparently, he was so humiliated by my behavior that he ordered me into an evening of hard labor and seclusion out in his workshop.  Mom?  She’d be on the phone with an asylum before I could finish my sentence.
I scooped myself up off the ground and veered towards the main gate.  I’d been so engrossed in my thoughts that I hadn’t noticed the celebration going on around me.  Crowds of people were cheering and hugging each other.  I hadn’t seen this much unity and affection in our community since two miners were trapped in one of the tunnels over ten years ago.
I rolled my eyes.  I guess they’ve heard the good news.
Jack Taylor was hopping around, kissing every female in sight.  He even kissed a couple of men by accident.  The miners were all so overjoyed they didn’t mind.  To my amazement, one of the gruff ’n burly-looking guys actually kissed him back.
Listlessly, I wandered over to the security station and tapped on the window.
“Hey, Uriah.  I’m leaving now.”
The grumpy old guard emerged from his post.  “You gonna take all these fools with ya?” Uriah questioned as he walked over to open the side gate for me to exit.
Still rattled from that handshake, I made no attempt at any comments or pleasantries, not with the dark thoughts and emotions of Lazarus Xcavare continuing to plague my mind.
Like a shot, a strange feeling came over me.  I found myself unconsciously turning back towards the main office building.  I scanned up to the second floor window, where the incident had occurred, to spot the silhouette of a woman through the blinds.  It was Ms. Sutherland.  She was facing the window, just standing there.  I started to turn around, but I was compelled to do a double-take when a bizarre sensation hit me.  For a second, I could have sworn she was watching me.  It was almost indescribable, but I felt her eyes on me — looking dead at me.  Something inside me burned with certainty.
“Shiloh?  Are ya comin’?  Just ’cause we’ve been bought by some rich Yankee, don’t mean I’m plannin’ on turnin’ into a doorman no time soon,” Uriah griped.
I snapped out of my trance and hurried past him, rushing out of the gate.
“Thank ya,” he replied sarcastically, needing to point out my lack of manners.  But right then, etiquette was the last thing on my mind.
Uriah must’ve noticed the strange look on my face.  “I hope ya didn’t find no trouble while ya’s in there.  I ain’t cleanin’ up no more of ya messes!” he hollered.
I kept walking sluggishly and thought, No… But something tells me that trouble just found me.
I drifted past the exuberant crowd, eyes straight ahead and my body moving in slow motion.  The walk was almost surreal.  Everyone around me was jumping up and down — a whoopin’ & a hollerin’ — but I remained locked in my daze while I tried to rationalize what had just happened.
Too much static electricity in the air?  That sounded far-fetched.  My reasoning for psychic phenomenon was extremely limited, and I didn’t believe in telepathy.  It’d never happened before, and trust me, there had been PLENTY of times over the years that I could’ve put it to good use.
There has to be a logical reason because if there isn’t, that would make me…NUTS!
Finally, I arrived at my car.  I climbed in and sat there for a moment, simply clutching the steering wheel.  All the other cars parked alongside the road were in such a hurry, bustling to get out of here — but not me.  I was fine right where I was.
My things were exactly where I’d left them, lying beside me in the passenger-seat.  I picked up my cell phone.

Missed Calls:  4
Missed Texts:  8

They were all from Katie.  Apparently, she was more concerned than she was letting on earlier.
Should I tell her what happened?  I know she’s my best friend, and I can tell her anything…but THIS?  I think I’d better weigh the pros and cons of that one.
I tried my best to compose myself (sadly, no luck).  Within a few minutes, I cranked up the old Charger.  Most all the other cars were gone now, so I had a lot more room to get out of the tight spot I’d jammed my car into earlier.  I’ll call Katie later, I thought as I threw my car into reverse.
Without looking, I drifted back towards the highway.  I glanced into my rearview mirror just in the nick of time to see someone hovering behind my car.  I slammed on the brake.
“SHIT!” I yelled as my body bounced up and down in the seat.  As the reality of what “could have happened” began to sink in, I looked into my rearview mirror and ordered myself to, “Snap out of it!”
I couldn’t see the face of the person I’d almost hit.  All I saw was a tan coat.  I waited for them to move, but they stood there motionless, blocking my exit.  In spite of the fact that I’d almost hit this person, I couldn’t help but think, Why won’t they MOVE?  No sooner than I’d glanced over at my side mirror, the man came into view.
Mr. Estell.
My eyes flared as he slowly started to walk around my car, headed straight for my door.  Considering the events of the past thirty minutes, naturally, I freaked.  Another crazy feeling came over me.  This one made me question if his approach had anything at all to do with the fact that I’d almost hit him.
Seeing how there weren’t any other cars sandwiched around me anymore, I opted to throw my vehicle into “drive” and managed to make a hard turn without scraping the side of the mountain.  I steered my Charger onto the highway, slinging gravel every which way while my spinning tires belted out an ear-piercing, “s-c-r-e-e-c-h”.
As soon as I was safely on the road, I acknowledged my rudeness by rolling down the window and awkwardly yelling back, “SORRY,” as I sped down the highway.  Once I’d reached the fork and turned right onto the mountain road that would lead me home, I began to chastise myself.
I think you need to do more than just clean out Daddy’s workshop this evening… Like most important, your freakin’ head!


Chapter  4  —  Beautiful Stranger

The next thing I knew, I was home — safely home.  I couldn’t remember anything after the incident with Mr. Estell, not steering my Charger down the road or if I’d even passed any cars along the way.  My mind was held captive by the remnants of Lazarus Xcavare’s voice swirling in my head.
I gazed at my reflection in the rearview mirror.  You have to snap out of this!  There’s a logical reason for what happened.  You just don’t know what it is…”yet”.
I was gathering up my things when I heard the phone ring.  Katie.
“Hey,” I answered.  “Look, I saw where you called and—”
“Then WHY didn’t you call me back?” Katie interrupted, sounding ticked.
“Sorry… I just have a lot on my mind.”  That was truer than she could ever imagine.
“I’ve already heard the news.  The whole town is talking about the sale.  See, you can stop stressing.  Well, at least about the mine.  You can go back to your normal worries about college…and your witchy mom.”
I sat in silence, half-listening to her ramble on about the “good news”.
“Shi?  Are you still there?  Shiloh?”
“I’m here,” I finally answered.  A part of me wanted to pretend my phone was losing signal and hang up, but I couldn’t do that to my best friend.
“Out with it,” Katie demanded.  “What’s wrong?”
I wasn’t surprised by her assumption.  After all, she did know me like the back of her daggone hand.  Should I tell her what happened?  Will she think I’m a mental case?  Isn’t your BFF supposed to believe you, no matter what crazy thing pops out of your mouth?  Wasn’t that in the best friend by-laws or something?
“Well,” I started, “Don’t get me wrong…I’m glad the mine isn’t closing and Daddy’s job is safe, but…I just had a not-so-great encounter with the new owner, Lazarus Xcavare.”
“You MET Lazarus Xcavare?”  Katie seemed way too impressed to hone in on my distress.
“I sure did,” I answered flatly.
“What was he like?  I bet he’s extremely sophisticated,” Katie gushed.  “You can tell from his pictures in the magazines.”
“He was…different.”
“Different?”  Katie’s excitement turned into puzzlement.  “Anyone not caught runnin’ around draped in plaid flannel and missin’ some teeth is ‘different’ in this town, Shi.  What do you mean by ‘different’?  And what was not-so-great about it?”  By her tone, you’d have thought I’d just insulted Welch’s newfound savior.
“I don’t know.  He seems anxious about acquiring the mine, but I don’t think he cares too much for the area…or the people who come with it.”
“Did he say that?” Katie inquired.
I paused for a moment and thought, What the heck… Just let it rip.  However reality forced me to tread lightly with my answer.
“No…but he was thinking it,” I replied.
“Well, Mayor Williams stopped by the store.  A representative from Xcavare met with the city council earlier today.  They talked about restructuring some of the town’s zoning ordinances.  They’re planning on bringing in some new businesses to help revitalize the area.  It seems they want to adopt the whole damn town!”
Now I was totally bewildered.  That certainly wasn’t the impression I’d gotten from Lazarus Xcavare, and my gut had never failed me before.  I knew what I’d heard (and felt).  Lazarus Xcavare’s vibe wasn’t one of a Good Samaritan — far from it.  Plus, I was still ticked about his unwarranted barb about me being “knocked-up”.  I mean the whole telepathy-thing was enough of a slap of cold water, but THAT CRACK wasn’t slidin’ off this ’ole duck’s back a-n-y-t-i-m-e soon!
“That’s good for Welch, but I don’t particularly care for him…or his contributions.”
“Hold up a sec,” Katie interjected.  “How do you know what he was thinking?  You can’t just assume something like that, not without a reason.  I think all your worrying is makin’ your mental elevator go side-to-side.”
I was a tad insulted.  Despite the countless playful ribs we had both tossed around throughout our friendship, Katherine Julia Stowell — my forever bosom friend — had definitely struck a nerve with that one.
“Maybe so,” I snapped.  “I shouldn’t have said anything.  Look, I have to get off here.”
“Wait.  Are you pissed?”
“No,” I lied.  “I have to get started on Daddy’s workshop out back.  It’s a mess, and he wants me to clean it up tonight…for some daggone reason.”  The more I thought about how out of the blue his request came, the more I realized it had to be some sort of punishment for my embarrassing behavior.
“Call me when you get finished, okay?” Katie requested.
“Sure.  Bye.”  I lied again, I thought as I turned off my phone and threw it in my purse.  I didn’t feel like talking to anyone.  Except maybe Daddy, and all I could muster would be an “I’m sorry,” or possibly, “I plead temporary insanity”.
At least I hope it’s only freakin’ temporary.
I ran up the steps of our front porch and threw open the door.  No need for any secrecy this time.  Charlotte was in the living room watching Chloe as she twirled around, modeling her new dress.  I wasn’t in the mood for a fashion show, so I quickly hurried up the stairs.
“That’s awfully rude, Shiloh,” Charlotte criticized.  “Come down here and see how beautiful your sister looks.”
I trotted back down to the bottom step and cast an unenthusiastic glance into the living room.  “You look nice, Chloe.”  At least I didn’t tell another lie.  The color and cut of the dress looked perfect on her, but I wasn’t about to lay it on any thicker than that, not for Chloe or Charlotte’s benefit.
“Nice?” Charlotte challenged.  “That’s all you can say?”
Chloe hadn’t even heard me.  My little sister was too fixated on the girl staring back at her in the mirror, the one striking various exaggerated poses while she twisted around in the low-cut aubergine dress.
“Really nice?” I added.  Charlotte didn’t seem too pleased with my embellished reassessment nor the lackluster tone in my voice.  “I don’t have time for this.  I have to change and head out back to start cleaning up the workshop.  Those were Daddy’s orders.”
That got their full attention.  They both gasped and appeared just as confused by his request as I was.
“He’s never told you to do any sort of work before,” Chloe stated with a positively delighted grin.
Then it was Charlotte’s turn.  “Saint Shiloh never has to be asked or ordered to do chores,” Charlotte announced in a suspicious tone.  She stood there eyeing me with her arms crossed, racking her brain for a reason.  Her brow rose.  “Hmmm… What did you do?”
My mother’s unnerving smirk confirmed my hunch.  This has to be some sort of punishment.  I took a deep breath and attempted to play it off.
“He’s going to be working out there this weekend and needs it organized.  That’s all,” I declared as I spun around and dashed up the steps.
Charlotte knew she’d hit the correct button.  Well, at least I was able to put a smile on my mother’s face, one way or another.
I quickly changed into an old pair of jeans and one of my WVU hooded sweatshirts.  Once my ponytail was good and tight, I stomped back down the stairs.  I wasn’t the least bit thrilled to start the project, not feeling like this.  I still didn’t know what had happened back there.  Hopefully, I wouldn’t act like such a dazed idiot the next time.
It couldn’t possibly be as shocking a second-time around?  Could It?  Knock on wood, it won’t happen at all, I thought as I tapped my knuckles twice on the banister and jumped from the third step onto the oriental rug lying in the center of the foyer.
I stepped into the kitchen to grab some water before I headed out to the workshop.  Charlotte and Chloe were in there sifting through a pile of cosmetics that she’d dumped out of her little pink shopping bags and onto the table.  Makeovers must be next on the agenda.
“Mom, which eye-shadow do you like?  My left or my right?” Chloe asked, twisting her head back and forth.
“Your right eye.  The smoky plum color makes your hazel eyes pop, sweetie,” Charlotte beamed.
I couldn’t help but notice how proud Charlotte seemed as I strolled towards the sink to fill up my plastic tumbler.  Chloe was definitely her mother’s daughter.  While the water rose closer to the rim, I wondered if I really could listen in on someone’s thoughts — again?  The idea of knowing what was running around in their heads triggered a smile.
I turned off the faucet and placed the tumbler down on the counter.  Why not give it a try?  In the name of science, of course.
I stood there silently focusing on Chloe.  Nothing.  After a minute, I turned and directed my full attention to Charlotte.  Still nothing!  Considering how upset I’d been when it happened with Lazarus Xcavare earlier, I found myself strangely disappointed.  No matter how hard I tried to concentrate, I couldn’t make a connection with her either.  Unwilling to concede defeat, I strolled over to Chloe.
Maybe I need to be “touching” them?
“Shi, how should I wear my hair?” Chloe asked.
I ignored my unsuspecting sister’s question as I placed my hands on her head and then began to toss her raven mane around in several directions.  She looked puzzled.  I pushed back her hair to get a better grasp of her head.  Seeing how this was my first “intentional” attempt at telepathy, I honestly didn’t know what the heck I was doing or how I should go about it.  With no foolproof plan, I chose to “wing it” — I looked into her eyes, focused on her mind, and simply tried to latch on to any thought I could find.
Cluelessly, Chloe’s hazel eyes narrowed.  “Sooo?  Should I wear it back…or up?” she asked.
Again, I heard nothing but the sound of my sister’s words coming out of her mouth.  Frustrated, I stood there shaking my head back and forth.
Chloe shoved my hands away.  “Stop it, Shi!  You’re confusing me!” she snapped.  “I thought you were trying to help!”
Charlotte threw back her last swig of wine and slammed the glass on the table.  “What in the Hell are you doing, Shiloh?”
Like a batter on their third strike, reality forced my fixation to subside.  Seriously… Even if I were to have picked up on anything, my guess was that it would’ve probably sounded a lot like a whiny conch shell.
“Nothing… Absolutely nothing,” I mumbled as I shook my head, grabbed my water, and stepped out the back door.
Through an open window I heard a faint, “What did I ever do to deserve HER?” coming from Charlotte as I hopped off the back porch.
I could ask the same thing, I grumbled quietly as I headed across the backyard, straight for the workshop.
I bent over to retrieve the key out from under a small terra cotta planter where Daddy kept it hidden and unlocked the door.
Oooh my, I thought as I stepped inside.  It’s HORRIBLE!
My eyes swept the room, growing wearier with every turn.  Scraps of wood littered the entire space like confetti.  I’d actually seen wood-chippers make less of a mess.  Most of his tools were randomly lying all over the various worktables, caked in sawdust.  Drill bits and spades looked like they hadn’t seen the inside of a tool chest in years.  The whole room was in complete disarray.  Its jumbled appearance just confirmed how overworked and exhausted Daddy must have been.  Charlotte really kept him hopping.  He wasn’t a messy person by nature and always took great pains to keep his stuff in perfect order.
Daddy wouldn’t have left his shop looking THIS BAD if he could’ve avoided it.  I glanced at the clock on the wall.  This is going to take awhile.
Surprisingly, the job didn’t turn out to be a grueling as I’d originally thought.  I’d been cleaning and organizing away for almost two hours when I decided to take a quick break.  I was just standing there in the silence of the workshop when suddenly I heard a strange noise coming from somewhere outside.  It was an odd sound, definitely out of place for such a rural area.  I peered out the window and listened closely for a moment.  I couldn’t hear it anymore.
Whatever, I thought as I finished off my water and started back to work.  Then, a long “squeak-k-k-k-k” rang out.  I walked over to the door and curiously stepped outside.
“Squeak-k-k-k-k,” the drawn-out racket blared again.  My ears followed the direction of the noise.  It sounded like some sort of engine from a machine — like gears grinding or pieces of metal rubbing — and it seemed to be coming from out on Shiloh Ridge.
What is THAT?
Granted, my curiosity was roused, but I hated the thought of going out there to investigate it — by myself.  But there wasn’t a single “good” reason why anyone should be back there at all, and Daddy wasn’t here to check it out.
Should I?  He wouldn’t want anyone screwin’ around behind our house…especially if they were breakin’ the law.  It hadn’t been too long ago when Daddy discovered someone’s illegal moonshine still on the ridge, not to mention, a couple of sites where some ballsie local had snuck back there and seeded a spot for their stash of marijuana plants.  Several of our local cops had been sent out there to dispose of the pot plants properly, but I wasn’t the least bit surprised when they all emerged from the woods with slanted red eyes and goofy grins plastered on their faces.  Most of the time it was just people back there riding their four-wheelers.  I never understood why my father was so protective of that particular spot of land.  If Daddy even thought someone was back there, he’d be the first to grab his shotgun and run out of the house to “shoot first & ask questions later”.  He wasn’t what I’d call a 9-1-1 kind of guy.
Daddy would want someone to make sure there wasn’t any funny business going on…and the only one “here” to do it is “me”, I thought to myself.  But there was only one little problem.  I didn’t go out on Shiloh Ridge.
I tried to rationalize my fears away, especially being faced with this dilemma so soon after having that horrible dream.  There’s nothing to be scared of out there.  You were just a little girl at the time.  Daddy’s been back there a million times without seeing anything.  A lot of people have… Hell, odds are hearing what was going on inside Lazarus Xcavare’s head is the scariest thing that’ll happen to you today.
Cautiously, I started creeping slowly up the hill, headed towards the fence that bordered our backyard and Shiloh Ridge.  I walked a little ways and then stopped.  I continued on, only to find myself chickening-out again.  This tug-of-war went on for several minutes.
By the time I’d found the courage to head out on the ridge, unexpectedly, something tapped my shoulder.  I screamed as I whipped around in a fright and ended up tripping on my own feet, which sent me crashing to the ground.  I looked up to find Samuel standing there, laughing and grabbing his chest.
“I don’t know which one of us is more scared, Shiloh?” Samuel chucked.  “You or me?”
It seemed I’d startled him too…though I didn’t see his spooked rear down here, covered in dirt.
“I’m sorry about that, honey,” Samuel laughed.  “That’s a first.  I thought no one could ever sneak up on you?”
Once I’d managed to catch my breath, I picked myself up and laughed along with him.  This is the SECOND TIME today.  Maybe all of my senses have gone haywire?
“You got me pretty good, Samuel,” I conceded as I brushed some leaves off my jeans.  “What are you doing here?”
“Checkin’ on you,” Samuel insisted, his tone softening with concern.
“Why’s that?” I asked as I walked back to the workshop.  It sure didn’t sound like a coincidence to me.
“Caiden told me you were a little rattled today.  A little woozy, too.  He’s still giving the fellows from Xcavare a tour ’round the grounds.  He’ll be home soon, but he wanted me to check on you in the meantime.  So?  Are you okay?”
I stepped back inside the workshop and started organizing Daddy’s tool chest.  “I’m fine,” I replied curtly, avoiding any direct eye contact.
“Do you want to tell me what happened?” Samuel asked, not buying a bit of my act.
I really did want to tell someone.  But what would Samuel say?  Would he think I’m crazy?  And if so, what would he tell Daddy?
“Whatever it is…it’ll be our secret,” he coaxed, sensing my apprehension.
As soon as my mind became fully aware that I was about to let down my guard, my body locked into a tight flinch.  Apparently my heart’s attempt to release myself from this burden was being halted by my brain’s own defenses.
“I can’t.  I just can’t tell you…or Daddy.  It’s too… Well, let’s just say, you two would find it hard to believe.”
“Whatever it is Shiloh, I promise…our secret,” Samuel vowed whole-heartedly.
I paused to contemplate his proposal.  Eventually, I chose to ignore the voice inside my head.  I couldn’t hold it in any longer, so I let out a compliant sigh, signaling I was ready and willing to let the truth set me free.
Samuel pounced on my concession.  “You’re not pregnant, are you?” he blurted.  “…’Cause I’ll hunt the sorry bastard down and show him the business end of my shotgun!”
Automatically, I threw the screws I was holding down on the floor.  “Why does EVERYONE keep THINKING THAT?” I yelled and stomped my foot down, hard.
Samuel looked relieved.  “So, you’re not?”
“NO…I’m NOT,” I assured, sounding as crisp and scorched as burned piece of toast.
Samuel averted his stare in a humble fashion, obviously embarrassed for even entertaining such an absurd thought.  He started to say what I hoped would be an apology when his head fell into a curious tilt.  Now he looked like the poster-child for confusion.
“Hold on now… Who else has been thinkin’ you’re pregnant?  Besides me?” he inquired.
Crap.  “Nobody,” I muttered quickly as I grabbed a broom to sweep up the mess I’d made, but mostly to avoid answering his question.
Samuel snatched the broom out of my hands.  “Shiloh Wallace,” he said sternly.  “Who’s been saying that?  Who’s got you all upset?”
My hands gripped the front edge of the table saw as I lowered my head.  I stared blankly at its jagged blade.  Samuel propped the broom against the wall and stepped closer.  Gently, he lifted my chin and turned my face to his.  His eyes gazed deeply into mine, reassuring me in a heartening way — just like my own father would.
“Shiloh?” Samuel whispered softly.
This secret was draining every ounce of sanity I had left, and Samuel’s concern was weighing heavily on my heart…so ultimately, I caved.
My gaze shied away as I mumbled, “Lazarus Xcavare… That’s who.”  I slowly tilted my head back to see his reaction.  I just hoped he didn’t cut his bottom lip on any of the sharp wood-scraps when his mouth hit the floor.
“He said that?  He said that to you?” Samuel questioned, looking more than puzzled.  “How could HE make a comment like that to you?  YOU?  A stranger to him?”
Casually, I stood there (slightly amused) while I listened to Samuel try to figure out why their new boss would ever say such a thing.  A twisted thought popped into my head.  I think I’ll let him ramble on a bit more…before I get to the good part.
“Does Caiden know what he said?  Of course he doesn’t!  He’d be locked up at the police station right now,” Samuel insisted.  “And I’d be there with him…on MURDER CHARGES!”
Fun’s over.  I looked him square in the eyes.  “As touched as I am by your chivalry, I need to be clear about something,” I stressed.
Samuel settled down a bit and nodded rigidly, fearing the worst.  “All right.”
Here we go, I thought nervously.  Steady, slow, and clear seemed like the best route.
I exhaled a deep breath.  “He didn’t speak it…  He thought it… And what’s got me so freaked-out is that I heard it…in my head,” I emphasized.  With that off my shoulders and out of my mouth, I crossed my arms and backed up to wait for his reaction.  Samuel stood there speechless, almost like he’d made it to the final round of Jeopardy and was struggling with the answer.  I swear the only thing missing were the nerve-racking “ticks” of a countdown clock.  Alex — What is a lunatic?  That’s what he was thinkin’.  No two ways about it.
After the initial shock of my confession had worn off, my surrogate father looked into my eyes with some conjecture.
“You were able to hear…his thoughts?” Samuel pondered aloud.
“Yes.  I heard him think it, not say it.”  I let out a sigh and added, “I could also feel his emotions as the words floated through my head.  They were so dark and full of anxiety about…something.”
Samuel appeared deep in thought.  I waited for what seemed like minutes for him to respond.
“You didn’t tell Caiden?” Samuel finally asked.
“No.  I didn’t.  I couldn’t.  You can’t either!”  I spied a look of apprehension in his eyes.  “Samuel, PLEASE,” I begged.  “You promised.”
He muzzled his doubts and agreed to my request with a simple nod.
“Has this ever happened before?” Samuel asked.
“No,” I answered in an uneasy tone, shaking my head.
It was strange.  Samuel was clearly mystified, but it seemed there was also a part of him that I could tell, believed me beyond a shadow of doubt.
Samuel grinned.  “Do you know what I’m thinkin’?”
“I can probably guess what you’re thinking, but no…I can’t hear your thoughts.”  His smile grew a bit wider as he patted my back.
Suddenly, we heard the sound of several vehicles charging up the road.  Samuel and I stepped outside, just in time to see a fleet of black SUV’s pulling up to the house.  Lazarus Xcavare and his entourage.  Well, at least Daddy’s home.
Samuel turned to me.  “I think you’ve got company,” he said and nodded towards the house.
“I’m fine…right where I am,” I announced.
“Well, I haven’t had the pleasure of meetin’ Mr. Xcavare myself.  I’d like to see our worldly, new owner in person…if you don’t mind?” Samuel said, fully intrigued.  “Are you gonna be all right?”
“Yeah… I’ll be fine.”
“Okay.  I’m gonna head up to the house.  I’ll let your father know you’re out here.”  Samuel paused for a moment.  “Shiloh, I’ve lived long enough to know one thing.  Don’t ever be afraid of things you don’t understand.  The world is full of mystery, and each day brings us new challenges.  It’s up to us to make sense of them.  Whatever comes your way…embrace it.  Don’t ever fear it.  You’ve done so all of your life.  It’s not in your nature to stop now.  Whatever this is…you’ll figure it out.”  He gave me a quick bear hug and then headed for the house.  Samuel turned back and winked.  “Let’s see what’s so extraordinary about Mr. Xcavare.”
I waved and watched my surrogate father until he disappeared around the corner of the house.  Not a second later, I heard our creaky front door opening, followed by Charlotte and Chloe’s voices.
They must’ve been dying to meet the new rich guy in town, I thought as I headed back to the workshop.
Before I even stepped inside, there it was again — another distant and drawn out “squeak-k-k-k-k” was rattling the air.
What in the heck is that?  I’d completely forgotten about the perplexing noise.  Well, I was on my way to check it out before Samuel showed up, and there’s nothing keeping me from doing so now.  Samuel’s right.  There’s no need to fear anything… Just embrace it.
This time, I marched towards the ridge with purpose in my stride.  I trekked up the mountainside, and before I knew it, I’d reached the line of pickets that ran along the tree line.  I paused, took one heck of a courageous deep breath, and then hopped over the fence.  As I lifted a large pine limb out of my way, I thought, Let’s see what’s raisin’ such a ruckus.
I followed the strange sound through the woods.  Though I hadn’t been out on Shiloh Ridge for many years, I couldn’t spare the time to take in the sights of the beautiful fall foliage rolling throughout the scenery around me.  I was on a mission.
I listened attentively and changed my course like a fine-tuned compass with every “squeak” I heard.  The sound was gradually getting louder, so assumed I was traveling in the right direction.  Any fears I’d had about Shiloh Ridge seemed to subside with every step I took.  As I walked across the rough terrain, my left shoe began to feel loose.  I looked down to discover my laces had come undone.  I wasn’t surprised, what with all the jagged twigs carpeting the bumpy ground.
I came upon a massive oak tree and decided to pause for a moment to secure my shoestrings.  A large root trailing from its trunk provided my foot with the perfect prop.
There, nice and tight, I thought as I pulled back on the loops.  I raised my head and abruptly found myself face-to-face with a rather large bird resting on one of the low hanging limbs.  I jumped back and grabbed my chest as the bird “squawked” and stretched its wings.
Make that THREE TIMES today, I noted mentally.
Perched on the branch sat a magnificent brown and gold falcon.  It made no attempt to fly away, let alone be startled by me in any way.  The bird appeared to be cautiously checking me out.  I’d never seen a falcon up close before — hawks plenty of times, but never a falcon.
“Is this your home, pretty bird?” I found myself casually asking the fowl.  “Can I listen in on your thoughts?” I joked.
The falcon let out another ear-piercing “squawk”, flapped its wings, and then soared straight up into the air.
I’ll take that as a “NO”, I assessed and then turned around to continue on my quest.
Immediately I froze.  My body started to tremble and my eyes widened at an alarming rate as soon as I realized why my feathery-friend had flown the coop so fast.  Just inches from my face, a silhouette of something was hovering — something that appeared to be a building mass of translucent black mist.  My breaths became heavier, and my heart started to race.  In spite of the fact that the unearthly fog didn’t have any visible “eyes”, I could feel it watching me, like it had years ago, waiting for me to make some sort of movement.  My nostrils flared as I took in a deep breath of air.  There it was, the same foul scent of sulfur.  A small tear rolled out of the corner of my eye as the emotions of that harrowing day came rushing back to me, just like they had in my dream.
A murky hand formed from the fog and smudged the tear on my cheek.  An excruciating pain stung the left side of my face, forcing me to jerk back.  The hazy hand paused, taunting me for a moment, and then slowly retracted.
Don’t be afraid.  Don’t be afraid, I kept telling myself.  You’re not a little girl anymore and there’s no need to be afraid.  One of Daddy’s favorite adages popped into my mind to comfort me: It’s more afraid of you, than you are of it.
Yeah… Let’s hope that load of crap is true, THIS TIME, I thought nervously, standing my ground but still wary of what could happen next.
Unexpectedly, the fog began to roll away from me, almost like it was starting to dissipate.  Could whatever this THING is, be leaving?  It seemed to be disappearing with every second that passed.  It’s almost gone… Just a little more, I assured myself.  I clutched my oval locket and found myself trying to wish it away like when I was five.
Without warning, a monstrous growl roared out of the fog.  The mist thickened into a billowy black cloud and then the two murky arms lunged towards me in a merciless rage.
Frantically, I tried to turn and run, but the crafty hands had already wrapped around my neck.  The fiendish black mist hurled me towards the massive oak.  I heard the sound of the tree’s bark cracking as my body hit its trunk — hard.  The hands were choking me, and I couldn’t catch my breath.  I tried my best to pull the dense fog away from my neck, but its hold was too strong and felt just as fierce as I’d remembered.  Its piercing touch burned hot, like a jolt of biting electricity set ablaze.  The pain was becoming more than I could bear.  I flailed about and tried to scream, but my vocal cords were constricted.  The only sounds I made were of me, gasping desperately for air.  There was nothing I could do but wait until the dark, sadistic hand of death choked my last breath out of me.
In the midst of my losing struggle, I thought I heard something rustling above my head somewhere up in the tree.  The next thing I knew, the curious and apparently feisty falcon was diving into the fog amid a pillow of mystical golden smoke.  It appeared to be pecking at it, attacking it somehow.  The murky fog’s taut grip loosened enough that I was able to free myself.  I fell to the ground while the eerie haze savagely struck back at the gutsy bird.
Quickly, I sprang to my feet and took off through the woods, assuredly running for my life.  Though I felt extremely grateful to the falcon for helping me get away, I couldn’t shake my fear that this fight would be its last.
I ran so fast that I wasn’t paying a bit of attention to where I was going, and my nerves were so frazzled, I didn’t have a clue where I was either.  All I could hear were the sounds of the falcon squawking and what seemed like an endless stream of horrific roars blaring in the distance.  I couldn’t stop, but I knew I had to look back to see if anything was on my tail.  Keeping my stride at its present pace, I turned my head for a second to check my rear.  There wasn’t anything behind me.  I felt a sense of relief as I turned my head back around.  Then all of a sudden, “BAM!”  I hit something, and I’d hit it hard.  Whatever it was I’d crashed into had stopped me dead in my tracks, and I was still fused to it.
Crap!  I must’ve run into a tree.  It had knocked the wind right out of me.  My eyes were winced shut, but as my body continued to press against it, something moved and locked onto my arms.  My nerve receptors sent a clear signal to my brain.  This wasn’t the rough bark of a tree I was clinging to.  It was strangely supple — and warm.  An overwhelming sense of serenity flooded every cell in my body.  I felt like I was floating on a cloud peacefully, without a care in the world.
I opened my eyes.  It appeared I was clinging to someone’s chest — a man’s chest — a warm and incredibly firm man’s chest, to be exact.  As my arms gripped the sleeves of the man’s leather jacket, I slowly lifted my head.  There before me, I gazed into a set of wide hazel eyes that were handsomely framed by gleaming strands of brown flowing his widow’s peak.  They were what now kept me pinned, willingly.  His seductive stunners just stared back at me in a strange, but comforting way.  I felt like nothing could harm me in this man’s arms.  My eyes traveled around his face like Magellan surveying a map.  He was handsome and rugged, yet he had a soft boyish look about him, though clearly he was no boy.  I could tell that just from the way his smoldering eyes creased as he looked at me, and by the way his finely toned biceps tightened slightly as my arms gripped them.  But mostly, I could feel it by the way he stood there, simply holding me.  A smile crept across my face uncontrollably.
“Miss?  Are you okay?” the stranger asked with concern.
“I’m fine,” I murmured, still transfixed on the bewitching stranger.  Unexplainably, my thoughts began to drift into an arousing state of bliss the longer I stared into his hypnotic eyes.
Slowly, I released myself from his soul-stirring embrace.  Then all of a sudden, a rush of blinding fear tore through my body like a savage animal.  I panned the forest in all directions.  The terrifying reason why I’d run into this man had resurfaced with a vengeance.
“I have to get out of here,” I declared, panic-stricken.  “I mean, get home.  Have you seen anything in the woods?  What are you doing here?”  My questions were as about as erratic as my sudden mood shift.
“I thought you said you were ‘fine’?”  The beautiful stranger looked me up one side and down the other.  “You don’t seem that ‘fine’ to me?” he replied and crossed his arms casually.
“You didn’t answer me.  Have you seen ANYTHING out here on the ridge?”  I demanded as I kept one eye on him and the other on my surroundings.
“I’ve been out here for the past few hours collecting samples, and the only thing I’ve happened upon is a scared little girl in the woods,” he replied with a slick grin.
I was too rattled by the fog creature that could still be lurking nearby to scoff at the stranger’s “scared little girl” crack.  I was more interested in why he was out here.
“Samples?  For what?” I asked as I continued to survey the woods.  He was standing beside an apparatus that appeared to be some sort of drill.
“Samples of the earth, no doubt,” he replied suavely and then flipped a switch that started up the rackety machine.
“So you’re the one who’s been making that noise,” I yelled.
“Guilty,” he confessed and raised his hands in an apparent surrender.  He began to gather up some tools lying on the ground.
I scanned the stranger from head to toe.  By the way he was dressed and carried himself, it was obvious he wasn’t from around here.
“Are you with Xcavare Enterprises?”
“I’m not with them, exactly,” he hollered over the noise, sounding slightly defensive.  “But I do consulting work for them on occasion.  My expertise was needed on this particular acquisition.”
I watched while he collected all of his samples and placed them into a canvas backpack, still confused by his suspicious presence on the ridge.
“Why do they have you working out here and not down at the mine?” I shouted even louder with my hands cupped around my mouth like a megaphone, hoping he caught my hint.
He rose to his feet slowly and finally turned off the drill with a purposeful flick of his finger.  “Mr. Xcavare insists that all the surrounding areas be checked for additional resources.  I enjoy that part.  I tend to like the exploration my field work allows, more than the mundane technical duties of my job.”
“Oh,” I replied much softer, now that my rattling eardrums had mellowed out.
“Now…answer my question,” the stranger demanded as he stepped closer, locking his eyes with mine.  “What should I have seen out here?”
There was no way I was telling him the truth, so I decided to sidestep his question.
“I live on the other side of the ridge.  I heard a strange sound, and I came out here to check it out.  Now I know, so I’ll be on my way.  Sorry for running into you like that,” I stated with a direct nod and whipped around to get my bearings.
I started to walk off and then stopped.  I turned around and headed in the opposite direction, only to pause again.
“What’s wrong, Gretel?  Can’t find your breadcrumbs?” he chuckled as he packed up his equipment.  “For someone who claims they live nearby, you sure don’t seem to know your way around…if you ask me.”
“I do live nearby!  I just don’t come out here very much.  But I’ll find my way back,” I snapped.
“I see.  Well, I have a compass if you need it, or I could accompany you home.  You really shouldn’t be out here alone in the woods…seeing how the light is beginning to fade.  Little girls tend to be scared of the dark,” he quipped.
My eyes narrowed.  “Humph!  I’m not alone.  You’re out here,” I replied like a smart-ass and smiled.
He grinned.  “Good point…but I’d feel better if I saw you home, and I won’t take ‘NO’ for an answer.  No matter how stubborn you are…little girl.”
Even though his “little girl” reference was starting to piss me off, his persistence was comforting.  After all, I’d just been running for my life a few minutes ago.  Maybe whatever attacked me would steer clear of two people walking through the woods?  Safety in numbers…
He grabbed his backpack and motioned that he was ready to go.  I noticed he hadn’t packed up his drill.
“Are you just going to leave that out here?” I asked as I pointed to the piece of machinery that had gotten me into this mess in the first place.
“My core drill?  It’ll be fine.  It’s a pain to disassemble and anyway, I’ll be back to collect more samples tomorrow.  There’s nothing out here that could bother it, now is there?” he inquired suspiciously, staring at my neck.
I consciously tugged my sweatshirt up closer to my chin.  “No.  There’s not,” I insisted with my best poker-face.
He stood there scrutinizing me for a moment, head firmly cocked with one of his brows arched high enough to scrape a daggone cloud.  “Well, you are quivering,” he remarked as he removed his weathered leather jacket.  “So you must be chilly,” he added with a subtle grin and then draped it around my shoulders.
The beautiful stranger was right about my shaky appearance, but it certainly wasn’t from the temperature.  As soon as I felt his arm around my back, that euphoric feeling started to pulse through me again.  I didn’t know what it was about him, but I felt like nothing could harm me with him around.  As we walked through the woods, I found myself getting lost in every peaceful thought I could imagine.  When I gazed over at the stranger, I noticed a slight twinkle in his eyes and for just a moment, I could have sworn I’d seen a few flecks of purple sparkling in the midst of the two hazel pools, like facets on a gem.  Instantly, I felt blood rushing to my face.  I quickly looked away, before it became apparent that I was blushing.
How embarrassing.
It didn’t take long for my surroundings to become more familiar.  Within minutes, we were at the tree line that bordered my backyard.  He pushed back several pine limbs.
“Is this it, Miss?” he asked.
“Yes.  Thank you,” I replied, grateful for the stranger’s kindness.
All of a sudden, something buzzed over our heads.  We ducked in unison.  Soaring in the sky above was the brown and golden falcon that had fended off my demonic attacker.  I was more than relieved to see that it was okay.
“Thank goodness,” accidently slipped out of my mouth, right along with my sigh.
“Friend of yours?” the stranger quizzed.
I shook my head as I hopped over the fence and proceeded to walk towards the house.  “No.  I prefer my friends not so feathery,” I teased.
“Hey, I didn’t catch your name?” he called out.
I realized I was still wearing his jacket, which I quickly peeled off and hurled back over the fence.
“I didn’t throw it,” I cracked with a grin.
I looked towards the house to spot Daddy blazing a hot & heavy trail straight for me.
“Who was that, Shiloh?” Daddy asked, his eyes never leaving the stranger receding back into the trees.
“Some guy who works for Xcavare.  He surveys or does something like that for them.  He was out on the ridge collecting soil samples.”
“What were YOU doing out on Shiloh Ridge?” Daddy asked, seeming flustered.
“I heard a noise coming from out there, so I went to check it out.”
“Shiloh, that’s dangerous!  Anyone could’ve been out there.  Where’s your head at today?” Daddy fussed.
If you only knew the half of it, I pondered to myself.
“You’re right, Daddy.  I’m sorry.  I got a little lost, and that guy was nice enough to walk me home.”  I saw no need in telling him about being strangled by the big, black cloud of death that had attacked me out there.  My intention was to stay the Hell away from there and NEVER go back!
Daddy gave me a lingering hug as we walked towards his workshop.  “You were really hard at it, weren’t you?” he asked proudly as he peeked inside.
“You told me to clean it up.  I still have to bag some of the scrap wood and sweep up,” I added.
“Just leave it.  It looks great,” Daddy praised.  “I didn’t expect you to get this much done.”
I finally spied some delight on his face.  I hadn’t seen that old cheeky smile of his since this morning at breakfast.
“Let’s go inside,” Daddy ordered with a playful nudge.  “It’s getting kind of late, and you’ve worked really hard today.”
He didn’t have to tell me twice.  I wanted back inside more than he could’ve ever known.  I still wasn’t sure what that “thing” was out there in the woods, or why it wanted to hurt me.  Just get me the heck inside!
“Did you show them around the mine?” I asked coolly as we stepped into the house through the back door.
“There’ll be plenty of time to talk about Xcavare Enterprises, Shi.  I really don’t want to jaw about the mine… Not tonight.  I just want to relax and enjoy my family this evenin’,” Daddy insisted as we sat down at the kitchen table.   He took my hand in his and gave it an affectionate squeeze.
I guess he’s not upset about my behavior anymore, and if he doesn’t want to talk about Lazarus Xcavare…fine by me.
Suddenly, Chloe burst into the kitchen with Charlotte trailing behind her, sipping on her half-empty glass of wine.  By the looks of it, I’d say she was on her fourth.
“Daddy, do you like my dress?  Isn’t it beautiful!”  Chloe was clearly making a statement of fact and not a general inquiry.
“You look lovely, honey,” Daddy bragged.  “Those seniors on the court had better watch out.  The students might just give the crown to you at halftime.”
“I know, Daddy.  That’s sooo true,” Chloe beamed.  “I can’t wait for Mike to see me in it!”
I found myself rolling my eyes, knowing Chloe’s vanity was about to get the best of me, yet again.  Unfortunately, Charlotte noticed my gesture, so I had to adjust my expression immediately.
Charlotte sneered at me, covertly.  “Shiloh,” my mother announced in a sugary tone, “Why don’t you go try on your dress for your father?”
“I’m a sweaty mess,” I sighed.  “Chloe, just go get it and bring it in here.  It’ll be on me soon enough.  Daddy can see me in it then.”
Chloe threw our mother “a look”, almost like she needed her permission.
“Well, go get it for her, sweetie,” Charlotte urged with a nod.  Chloe bustled out of the room not a second later.
At that moment, all I wanted was to take a long, hot bath and wash the stench of Shiloh Ridge off my body.  I could still smell a hint of sulfur around my neck.  I rubbed my hand across the areas where the black fog had grabbed me.  My neck was throbbing, but thankfully it wasn’t the excruciating pain I’d felt earlier.
Chloe emerged without delay, carrying a long black garment bag.
“Are you ready?” my sister asked.
“Yes,” I mumbled indifferently.
“Here it is,” Chloe announced as she unzipped the bag and whipped out the mystery dress.
My right eye began to twitch, uncontrollably.  My jaw dropped as a sinking feeling set in the pit of my stomach.  She’s done it… She’s really done it this time!  I’d never seen a more hideous dress in all of my life!  It was yellow — puke yellow — with some sort of black cording for straps, and a matching band of trim around the bottom that was edged in black lace.  I have no remnants of a summer tan left, and she would have me show up to a school dance looking like a daggone washed-out, sick-ass bumblebee?
Charlotte cast a smirk my way as she sipped on her Zinfandel, waiting for me to announce my discontent.  “I think it’s charming.  Shiloh, what do you think?” she probed.
“Is that, um…in style, Chloe?” Daddy asked uncertainly.
“Oh, Daddy.  Something like this never goes out of style,” my little sister simpered.  “You don’t know fashion like I do.  She’ll look timeless.  After all, we were kind of limited in our selections.  Shiloh tends to lean a little more on the conservative-side when it comes to clothes.  She said ‘nothing slutty’,” Chloe added with a crafty grin.
I could see Daddy’s expression from out of the corner of my eye.  Even he was skeptical, but after what I’d put him through earlier, I didn’t want to initiate a big argument in the middle of his downtime.  Thoughts of touring college campuses filled my head, not to mention, the special birthday dinner on Sunday he’d planned.  I swallowed my discontentment and quickly spoke up.
“It’s fine.  Thanks, Chloe.  You really put a lot of thought into this selection.”  I jumped up from the table and headed for the hallway.  “I really do need to take a bath,” I declared as I glanced back at the heinous glob of putrid fabric.
“Do what you need to, sweetie.  You’ve worked so hard today,” Charlotte replied with a witch-like twinkle in her eyes.
The blank stare I shot my mother was all she needed.  She would revel in my disheartenment all evening.  I’m sure that’s better than any “buzz” she could ever get from any old bottle of wine.
I ran upstairs and drew my bath.  Seeing how I was still in a funk over that ugly yellow & black nightmare, I decided to use some of Chloe’s bath salts (she owed me that much).  I dumped the whole container of Sea Island Salts into the old claw-foot tub.  I sat on its lip and watched the water as it rose, pondering the events of my bizarre day.  It had been filled with oddities, each more shocking than the last.  I was leaning over to shut off the valves when the thought of checking my messages crossed my mind.
After I’d retrieved my phone, I wandered back into the bathroom and placed it on a stand beside the tub.  Once my dirty clothes had been tossed in the hamper, I slowly guided my tense body down into the steamy aromatic water.  It felt so soothing on my sore neck.  I’d noticed that it looked awfully red when I’d taken off my sweatshirt.  Surely there would be the beginnings of a bruise by morning.
I hope this helps.
I dipped my washcloth into the warm water and laid it on my brow.  My head was throbbing, and I found myself still restless.  A million questions were racing through my mind, but answers were what I really needed.
I tried to shut everything out of my mind, to no avail.  I reached over and grabbed my cell phone.  Katie had left 2 voicemails (that I didn’t feel like listening to) and numerous messages.  An Xcavare gabfest was the last thing I needed, so I sent her a quick text.

In the tub…Can’t talk

Within seconds Katie replied.

K…Did U get a dress?

I swiftly hammered out my response on the keypad.

Y…Just hope no one
brings RAID to the dance
Talk 2 U 2morrow

I laid the phone back on the stand and moistened the cloth again.  This time, I plopped it over my entire face in an attempt to hide from the cosmos.  I had but one simple wish.
Please… Just let my day end on a “normal” note.
A few seconds later, a pounding sound began to rattle the bathroom door.
“Shiloh, I need to get in there!  How much longer are you going to be?” Chloe belted out impatiently, followed by an abrupt lull.  “Do I smell MY BATH SALTS!?!” she grilled fiercely.
Straightaway, I submerged myself under the water.  And there it is… Just like clockwork!


Chapter  5  —  He Came Bearing Gifts

I awoke in the morning, surprised that I’d actually managed to get some sleep.  In fact, I’d snoozed right through my alarm clock, which I didn’t even hear beeping.  With everything that had happened yesterday, I figured I would’ve tossed and turned all night, but I didn’t even have a hint of a bad dream.
Maybe my nightmares prefer to torment me when my eyes are open?  Lucky me…
Seeing how I was running late, I followed my morning routine with swift precision.  Though I’d taken a long enough bath last night, I hopped in the shower anyway for a quick pick-me-up.  As the water cascaded down by body, I caught the lingering scent of Chloe’s bath salts.  I ran my fingers across my neck and shoulders.  Amazingly, they didn’t feel sore anymore.  Every lingering twinge of pain my assailant had inflicted was miraculously gone.
I guess the bath did the trick.
I was out of the shower and back in my room in a flash.  I had to hurry.  I hated to be late for anything — namely school.  As soon as I whipped open my closet door, I jumped back and flinched.
“Ugh!”  Hanging on the back of the door was that damn yellow dress.
Chloe must’ve snuck in my room last night and hung it in here.  How kind of her!
A thought crossed my mind.  I ran over to check my alarm setting.  It had been readjusted to go off at 10:00 AM.
That little witch reset my clock — totally on purpose — just because I used up all of her precious bath salts!  My eyes panned back to the hideous dress still swaying on the door hook.  I think having to wear that thing is punishment enough.
Promptly, I threw on my clothes — a fitted red tee and my favorite pair of jeans, which I always saved for Fridays.  Instead of my usual ponytail, I opted to wear my hair down for a change.  The switch was purely psychological.  I didn’t want too much of my neck showing, not after the way it had been strangled yesterday.
I had to head straight into work after school, so I threw my uniform in a duffle bag, along with my roller skates.  These will come in handy, I figured, knowing the Sterling Drive-In would get slammed with customers as soon as the Homecoming game was over.  There was no time for breakfast.  Daddy would be sleeping in, so I didn’t feel the least bit guilty about getting up so late and not fixing anything.  Charlotte will just throw a bowl of corn flakes at him later and call it “brunch”.
I made it outside just in time to see Mike’s Camaro driving off with Chloe.
Crap!  I’m REALLY late, I grumbled as I hurried over to my car and slid inside.  I pulled out of our driveway and zoomed down the road.  I was careful not to speed (well not to speed excessively), but I really didn’t want to spend too much time dawdling down the road that flanked Shiloh Ridge.  Normally the curvy, downhill drive would take a solid three minutes, but today I cut it down to only one and a half.  At that revelation, I decided it was time to slow down.  I couldn’t make a habit of speeding — not out fear, at least.  As soon as I’d reached the bottom of the mountain, I paused to look over at the mine.  Everyone’s jobs were secure today, and it appeared to be business as usual.
I pulled onto Highway 52 and headed down the two-lane road to Welch High.  I had approximately ten minutes to get to school, park, throw my stuff in my locker, and make it to first period without officially being late.  I was proud of my perfect attendance record.  A tardy would certainly count against it.
It actually only took nine and a half minutes to accomplish my feat.  I was extremely thankful I didn’t get behind any school buses along the way.  However, I did have to park in the lower lot and dash up the steep hill to school.  I wasn’t too pleased about that, but at least I arrived to my first class on time (barely) — just as the second bell rang.
Katie turned around as soon as I sat down.  “You’re running behind this morning.  I’ve been waiting on you for the past fifteen minutes.  Are you still upset?” she whispered.
“No,” I mouthed back and gave her a look, signaling Mrs. Thompson had entered the classroom.
Katie jotted down a quick note and passed it back to me.  It read: 

How BAD was the dress?

Mrs. Thompson was facing the blackboard, so I leaned up closer to whisper in her ear.  “Absolutely HIDEOUS.”
Soon, the sound of irksome feedback “crackled” through the intercom.  “Good Morning, students,” our principal, Mr. Harless, belted out enthusiastically.  “I have a lot of announcements this morning, so bear with me.  As everyone is well aware, Homecoming is finally here, and I trust that all of you will be at the field tonight to cheer our Golden Knights on to victory against the Princeton Tigers.”
Students could be heard in our class and throughout the building as they erupted into a chorus of cheers, roars, claps, and whistles.
Mr. Harless continued, “The game starts at six sharp, and we’ll crown our new Homecoming Queen at halftime.  Good luck to every young lady on the senior court.”  A brief pause followed.  “Now, on to some surprising and exciting news.  I’m sure everyone is already aware that Xcavare Enterprises will be purchasing the Riverside Pocahontas Coalmine.  They’ve made a promise to not only make this mine their most profitable, but also to revitalize our community and bring it back to its status as one of the richest counties in our state.  They’ll be making a huge investment in our infrastructure, our businesses, and our people.  I’m pleased to reveal their proposal for our school and its students.  For starters, Xcavare Enterprises has graciously offered to sponsor our Homecoming game, as well as tomorrow night’s dance.  What’s more exciting is that they’ll also be making a large donation to our Science department, which will finally allow us to renovate the classrooms and purchase the equipment and materials needed to keep up with the needs of the 21st century student.  In addition, they will be granting eight of our college-bound seniors an extraordinary opportunity.  These selected students will be allowed to travel abroad to one of their mining operations.  Further details about the study-trip will be disclosed after all the students have been officially chosen.  The selected students will however be required to obtain passports in order to participate.”
Katie whipped around in her seat.  “That sound’s exciting.  I’m sure your name will be on that list.”
“That’s all I am right now is college bound, not college accepted, remember?” I whispered back.
“Lastly,” Mr. Harless added, “and what I’m sure all of you will feel is the most exciting news… Classes will be dismissed today after fourth period to kick off our Homecoming festivities.  Buses will be running in accordance with our half-day schedule.  That’s all, and Go Golden Knights!”
Cheers echoed throughout the school.  I looked around the classroom.  Everyone was overjoyed with the news — Homecoming, an early dismissal, and of course, the generous gifts from Lazarus Xcavare.  I sat there watching the unsuspecting, jubilant students as I thought about what I’d read while researching in the library yesterday.
Xcavare Enterprises wasn’t in the economic recovery and revitalization business, they were in the mining business.  They seemed to be going well out of their way to adopt our little town.  Though Lazarus Xcavare was apparently very wealthy, I didn’t get the feeling from his emotions that he was a do-gooder — quite the opposite.  He seemed cold, conceited, and callous.  I started to think there was a lot of truth to the article I’d read.
Maybe they were buying up mines and then abandoning them?  This might be a drastic attempt by their company for some damage control to keep their shareholders happy.  Surely a shrewd PR move like this would bump up their stock price.  I was so deep in thought that I didn’t realize Katie had been trying to get my attention.
“SHILOH?…Earth to Shiloh,” Katie teased as she waved her hands in front of my face.
“Sorry,” I replied.
“Isn’t that great news?  I told you they were going to make a commitment to Welch,” she boasted and turned back around in her seat.
Mrs. Thompson attempted to commence with class, but I don’t even think she wanted to rattle off any equations this morning.  Everyone was on such a high.
“Okay, people,” Mrs. Thompson announced.  “Free period for the rest of the class — but keep it down.”  Cheers flowed around the room again.
I grabbed my Geology book and propped it up, directly in front of my face.  Katie got the hint.  I didn’t want to be bothered.
I’d just opened the book up randomly in my haste for cover.  To my surprise, I happened to be looking at a chapter entitled, “Gemstones”.  As I flipped through a few pages, I made a noteworthy discovery.  On page 298, there was a picture of a polished blue stone with a few white speckles.  It looked identical to the one I saw sitting in the center of Lazarus Xcavare’s gold ring.
Lapis Lazuli, read the caption underneath the color photo.  So that’s what it was.  I couldn’t quite put my finger on it, but there was something about his ring that was still nagging me.  A chill ran down my spine just thinking about the abrupt jolt I’d felt when my fingers touched it yesterday.  There really wasn’t any other information, but at least I learned something.  It was an alluring stone, without a doubt, but I would have expected him to be wearing something a little more extravagant and flamboyant.  Something gaudy to match his demeanor.
Katie tapped on the back of my book.  I lowered it just enough to see her making a sad, puppy-dog face.  With an obedient grin, I sighed as I closed my textbook and tucked it under my desk.  She smiled and playfully started clapping her hands.
“Good,” Katie beamed.  “Now, tell me exactly how crappy the dress was.”
We spent the next forty minutes bashing Charlotte and Chloe.  The second period bell rang before long, ushering everyone on to his or her respective classes.  Katie and I had different teachers for Literature, so I headed off alone to Mr. Jackson’s class.  I arrived to find a message scribbled on the whiteboard in blue ink.  It read:

Monday — Test on Hamlet
Free period today
Use it well!
GO GOLDEN KNIGHTS!

After reading the message, most of the class made a u-turn, heading back out the door.  I sat down and grabbed my notes to get a jump on studying for the exam.  After all, I had a busy weekend planned.  I would have to work until midnight and probably wouldn’t get home until 1 o’clock in the morning (if the drunks were still there at closing-time).  Then there were the two favors on Saturday: Helping Ms. Sutherland pack and going to the dance with Mike.  Sunday was my birthday.  It would take about three or four hours to drive over to Twin Falls, eat dinner, and then come home.
I’d better get all the studying I can in now.  I really won’t have time for it this weekend.
Third period Government came and went.  Yet again, another teacher decided to give us a break.  I was kind of shocked.  Apparently, the teachers seemed just as eager as the students were to call it a day.
Soon the bell rang, and I was off to Ms. Fitz’s class.  On the way, I thought, I wonder if she knows anything about the lapis lazuli?  Katie probably did, seeing how jewelry and gemstones were her family’s business.  I just couldn’t bring myself to ask her.  She’d want to know why, and I didn’t want her knowing any details about my disturbing afternoon with Lazarus Xcavare.
Ms. Fitzpatrick was dressed to the nines again.  “Please take your seats,” she informed everyone as they entered.  “We will be having class today, unlike some of the other teachers around here.”
Katie plopped down in her seat beside mine, playfully mocking Ms. Fitz’s orders.  As the final bell rang, Mike Riverside entered the classroom, lagging behind with Kara Leighton.  They were both giggling as they headed to their seats.  I rolled my eyes when she strolled past and then shot Mike an icy glare.  He acknowledged my suspicions with a dirty look of his own.
Asshole…
Ms. Fitzpatrick rose from her desk.  “Okay, everyone… I have my own special surprise for the class.  A dear friend of mine will be presiding over our lecture today.  He’s a professor of Geology and Mineralogy at the prestigious Yardley University.”
A few moans erupted from the back of the room.
“I want everyone on his or her BEST BEHAVIOR,” our teacher advised.
Everyone shut up and rightfully so.  We could tell she meant business.
“Good,” Ms. Fitzpatrick cooed.  “I’ll be right back.”  She sashayed out of the room and returned just as animated.  “Class,” Ms. Fitz announced, “I’d like to introduce you to Professor Tanner Grey.”  In a grand fashion, our teacher gracefully waved her arm for our mystery speaker to make their entrance.
My eyes flared.  No way… No freaking way, I thought as the beautiful stranger stepped through the doorway and glided across the room, headed towards the lectern.  My emotions immediately started to churn the same way they had last night as if someone had just flipped on a daggone light switch.  Oddly enough, I kind of felt like I was glowing in a way too.  I scanned around the room to see if anyone else found our guest speaker as intriguing.  Confidently, I observed his electrifying charisma had lit a spark within every female in the room, leaving them helplessly spellbound.
“I wonder if Geologists do it in the dirt?”  Kara whispered to Erica Kelly, one of her friends who sat behind me.  They were both giggling like two horny little hoes — not even trying to be discreet about it.
That really struck a nerve with Mike.  If the glare in his eyes didn’t give him away, the sneer on his face sure did.
“No… They just sit around and get their rocks off,” he gruffly shot back to them.
After hearing his hostile jab, I couldn’t help but grin.  Uh, Jealous much?
“Thank you for inviting me here, Ms. Fitzpatrick.  I’m actually in town doing some consulting work for Xcavare Enterprises, but I’m always on the lookout for budding geologists,” Professor Grey remarked and flashed a dazzling smile in her direction.  By the look on Ms. Fitz’s face, I thought she was going to melt like an ice cube on a hot sultry day.
I found myself slumping down in my seat while his eyes panned the room, trying to hide behind a bushy clump of long curly hair belonging to Anna Cooper who sat in front of me.  From out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Katie was trying to get my attention.
I looked over to my right to see her mouthing, “He’s sooo DAMN HOT!”
She was right.  He looked quite dashing today in his tailored, dark taupe suit and blue shirt.  Not rugged or outdoorsy like he did yesterday (though he was pretty fine then, too).  Even the eyeglasses he was wearing gave him an intelligent and commanding appearance, but allured you in a naughty way.  Extremely GQ.
“I don’t have anything prepared, so I thought I’d just open the floor up to any questions you might have about geology.  Sound good?” Professor Grey asked.
Most all the gals in the class simultaneously replied, “Yes,” like they were in a trance, but the guys remained silent, almost pouty.
“Who has the first question?  Don’t be shy,” Professor Grey replied flirtatiously as he sat down on the edge of Ms. Fitz’s desk.
Every girl in the class raised their hand.  Well, every girl except me, that is.  He acknowledged Anna Cooper’s first by saying, “The brunette in the green shirt.”
I moved in unison with her body to maintain my cover, knowing he was looking this way.
Most of the things they asked were very general — “How long he had been a geologist?”, “What did he do for Xcavare Enterprises?”, and “What was involved in his fieldwork?”  A few of them were a little too personal (in my opinion) like, “How old are you?”  He just acknowledged it with a smile, but never answered.  My favorite was, “Are you single?”  I was getting a little embarrassed by my peers’ interrogation.  Funny, none of the guys asked a single question.
I stayed hunched down behind Anna, counting the minutes until the bell would ring.  My neck and upper back were starting to ache, so I shifted slightly to my left.  When I turned my head, I spotted Ty Smith — staring at me.  It wasn’t a casual glance.  By the way he was smiling, it was obvious he had been watching me “hide” for quite a while.  Evidently, he’d found it amusing.  I grinned back at him and quickly turned my head away.  I didn’t want him seeing me blush either.
Uh, Awkward…
Then it was Katie’s turn.  I grinned as I thought about what she was bound to ask.  Katie was so predictable.  She would undoubtedly try to impress him with her knowledge of gemstones, though limited as it was.  Katie really didn’t bother to learn any science or history behind them.  She only cared about how they looked placed in a dazzling setting.
“Professor Grey, I know Xcavare Enterprises also excavates gemstones.  Is it possible they could find any in the mine around here?  Like, maybe diamonds or something?  Anything other than just…coal,” she added in a dismal, dry tone.  Most of the class laughed at her remark.  After all, they were sick of the dirty black stuff, too. 
Professor Tanner Grey grasped both sides of the podium and grinned as he lowered his head.  Then swiftly, he turned around to the blackboard and wrote:

Why can’t the coal found in the mines
around here become a diamond?

“Can anyone tell me why it’s impossible?” Professor Grey posed, waiting for a response.
Everyone remained silent.  For this to be a coalmining community, no one seemed to know ANYTHING about how coal was formed from the earth.
Professor Grey remained at the blackboard with his back to our class and asked, “Anyone at all?”
From my vantage point, Ms. Fitzpatrick looked frustrated to say the least (the very least).  The embarrassment she must have been feeling because not one person in her “top” senior class was answering (or even attempting a guess) was written all over her face.  I felt awful for her.  I turned to get a glimpse of the clock.  We only had a minute or two left of class, but I sat there wishing that the bell would ring — right now — to put Ms. Fitz out of her misery.  Anxiously, I twisted my little gold locket back and forth vigorously as a wave of guilt started to overwhelm me.  After all, I was a part of this class.  Even Ms. Fitz must suspect that her “star student” had some inkling as to what the correct answer was.  Ugh.  That made me feel even worse.
What the heck.  I collected my thoughts, summoned some courage, and cleared my throat.
“Even though the bituminous coal found in our local mine contains carbon atoms, there’s not currently, nor has ever been enough pressure or hot enough temperatures to allow such a transformation to occur.  Even if the right geological processes were in place…considering the amount of impurities bituminous coal contains, it would turn into graphite way before it would ever become a diamond.  That’s why it’s an impossibility.”
“Excellent answer!” Professor Tanner Grey exclaimed as he turned around from the board.  He looked straight into my eyes as he slid his glasses down onto the tip of his perfect nose.  “Miss Shiloh Wallace,” he added with a sly grin while his eyes remained locked on mine.
I thought everyone was going to get a case of whiplash by the way their heads whirled around to look at me — all at once.  I felt the surprise and envy of all the females in the room, including Ms. Fitz.  My cheeks started to feel warm, flushing just like they did last night.  All I could do was simply raise my eyebrows and flash an indifferent smile.
My plan was an evasive departure.  As soon as the dismissal bell rang, I lowered my head and dashed towards the door to avoid any further contact with our guest speaker.  I was more than relieved when I spied Kara and several other girls rushing towards him.  They all hovered around the handsome professor like a fluttery clump of helpless moths skirting the edges of a flame.  That was the first time Kara’s hormones had ever worked to my advantage.  What a happy coincidence.
I felt a tug on my arm as I hurried down the hall.  Katie.
“What was that?” Katie asked as her pace quickened, trying to catch up with me.
“A correct answer,” I replied irrefutably.
“No.  Not that…Miss Shiloh Wallace?” Katie questioned, repeating my name in the same charming way it had rolled off the professor’s tongue.
“I don’t know,” I replied with a shrug.
“Did you meet him yesterday at the meeting?” Katie probed.
I had to tell her something.  “Not exactly.”
Katie looked confused.
“I sort of ran into him out on Shiloh Ridge.”  That was more literal than she knew.  “But I never gave him my name.”
“That’s weird,” Katie speculated aloud.
I was amused by her choice of the word “weird”.  If I told her about all the things that had happened yesterday, she would probably rethink the use of that word.
“No…I mean, really weird.  What were YOU even doing out on the ridge?  I thought ‘Shi’ with a ‘Y’ would never go out there again?”  Katie knew all about my childhood experience and how neurotic I was about it.
“I thought I heard something and went to check it out,” I replied coolly.  “No big deal.”
I wasn’t sure if she’d bought my blasé attitude.  I didn’t.  I thought to myself, No big deal?  Yeah right…
“Nice to see you’re conquering those childhood fears,” Katie teased and gave my back a playful pat.  “Hey — Let’s run downtown and grab something to eat.  I’ve got to help my dad inventory some new necklaces this afternoon, but he doesn’t know that school’s out for the day.”  Katie placed her finger next to her mouth and let out a secretive “shush”.
It sounded like a good idea.  I thought I might go into work a little early, but then I would inevitably have to grab something from the Sterling Drive-In.  Their food was good, but I did get tired of eating it — all the time.
“Only if we go to Anthony’s,” I insisted.  “I’m in the mood for Italian, and I’m craving a thick, cheesy stromboli.”
“Agreed,” Katie replied with a smile and locked her arm around mine.  After a quick stop by our lockers, we strolled out of the school and made our way down to the lower lot.
The ride there took less than a minute.  Luckily, I found an empty parking place on the street, right in front of the restaurant.  The mouthwatering aroma of fresh marinara sauce aroused both our appetites as soon as we stepped inside.  Anthony’s was a charming Italian eatery that served some of the best food around.  The restaurant’s atmosphere was warm and folksy, with a touch of old world flair.  Even at lunchtime their tables looked impeccable, always covered in crisp white linens and all the candles wedged into their wicker-bottomed wine bottles were always lit.  Anthony’s wasn’t crowded at all when we’d arrived, so we snagged a great spot by one of their front windows.  However as we ordered our meal, the tables and booths began to fill up rather quickly.
I tried to steer the conversation away from anything remotely related to the mine or Lazarus Xcavare, but that’s all Katie wanted to chat about.  She even touched on the subject of Professor Grey.  Maybe lunch was a big mistake?
Katie tapped on the table lightly and motioned her eyes towards the counter.  “Look who just came in,” she whispered.  I started to turn my head when she kicked me under the table.  “No.  Don’t look.”
“Do you want me to look or not?” I whispered back.
“You can look…but don’t be so obvious,” Katie scolded.
In a discreet fashion, I got up and walked over to grab a crushed red pepper shaker from the adjacent table.  When I turned to head back, I nonchalantly glanced around the restaurant.  As soon as I spotted “whom” Katie was referring to, I tripped on my own feet and practically fell back into our booth.  It was Mr. Estell.
“You could’ve warned me.  That man gives me the creeps.”  I swiftly returned the kick she’d given me a moment ago.
This is the third time I’ve seen him in the past TWO DAYS.
“Sorry,” Katie giggled.  “I thought ‘Shi’ with a ‘Y’ had conquered all of her fears.  I should’ve known better.  My mistake.”
It really wasn’t like me to think bad things about people, not without having a valid reason, but Mr. Estell had the potential to fit the bill.
“What do you think of him?” I whispered, desperate for an objective opinion.
“I don’t know.  I think he lives over around Jolo.”  Her eyes lit up.  “Maybe he belongs to that snake-handling cult over there?”  Katie watched him leave the restaurant with his to-go order.  “He’s gone,” she announced in a much louder tone.
“I don’t think it’s a cult.  It’s a church of some sort,” I replied.  It seemed I was going to be the “objective” one.
Katie shot me a crazy look.  “A church?  A church where they handle freakin’ snakes!  I prefer to carry a bible when I go to church…not a garden hoe.”
I got tickled at the mental image of Katie whacking off snakeheads in the middle of Pastor Hubble’s Sunday service.
“Oh, I see…and you know this for sure because you’ve been there?” I countered with a playfully dubious twinkle in my eyes.
“NO.  But I’ve heard people talk, and I’ve seen reports about them on TV.  That’s how they show their faith…by lettin’ snakes bite all over them.  Poisonous ones too,” she added with a foul shiver.  “I think they like rattlers mostly.”
With all the eerie things that had happened to me lately, I really didn’t want to spend any more of my lunchtime discussing venomous reptiles.  Change of subject…
“There’s Mr. Anderson,” I remarked and pointed to the bulky & bright cherry-red Dodge dually that had just pulled up in front of the restaurant.  Mr. Anderson waved to us through the window as he hurried to the back of his truck.  A few seconds later, he reappeared carrying a wooden basket full of vegetables.
 “Looks like he’s been in his garden today,” Katie commented.
Mark Anderson was famous around these parts for his tomatoes.  They had won first prize for the last three years at the state fair in Lewisburg.  As soon as Mr. Anderson entered the restaurant, he smiled and sauntered over to our table.
“Hidey-ho, girls.  What are you two doin’ in here and not up at the school?” Mr. Anderson asked.
“They let us out early because of Homecoming,” Katie replied with a courteous smile.  
“That’s nice.  Homecoming’s a big deal ’round here.  Tonight’s game will be a good one.  Toughest all season,” he added.  Whenever Mark Anderson spoke of football, his eyes lit up like firecrackers on the Fourth of July.  Daddy had informed me, on many occasions, that Mark Anderson was the best quarterback to ever play for Welch High School.  He’d even earned a football scholarship from WVU.  Unfortunately, he also received a horrible injury to his right shoulder when he played in the Gator Bowl during his junior year.  Daddy said, and I quote, “That son-of-a-bitch from LSU nearly tore his arm off!”  He never picked up a football again and dropped out of college.  He returned home to Welch and got a job working in the mine for a while, but he preferred the sunshine.  Mr. Anderson ended up going into the farming business.  He grew vegetables throughout the year and hibernated like a bear during the winter.  Considering his dream of playing professional football had been yanked out from under him, he seemed very happy with how his life had turned out.
 “I’m here dropping off some of my tomatoes.  Anthony likes the organic ones I’ve started growing.  Ya know, ya gotta keep up with the times.  It’s good to be green.  These are the last ones from my garden, but I’ll still have some growin’ in my greenhouses.  They should put out enough to keep him happy through the winter.  But I’m glad I ran into you, Shiloh.  I’ve been meanin’ to bring some stuff by your house for your mother.  She’s such a sweet lady.  A real fine woman.  She hasn’t been by the farm much lately.”  Mr. Anderson shifted his stance a bit.  “To buy my vegetables,” he quickly clarified.  “I thought I’d bring her some…to remind her of what good stuff she’s been missin’.”
A sneaky suspicion crept over me as I stared up at him.  Funny, I thought to myself, I never knew she bought vegetables from Mr. Anderson’s farm.  I’m usually the one who goes to the grocery store for the majority of the food purchases.  My pulse began to quicken.
I grabbed one of the ripe tomatoes and rolled it around in my hand.  “Sure, Mr. Anderson.  I’ll give her the basket and make sure she knows what ‘she’s been missing’,” I assured with a shrewd grin.
“Great!  Here you go,” Mr. Anderson announced appreciatively as he placed the basket on our table.  “I’d better go see about my deliveries now.  You ladies have a nice lunch.”
As he trotted off to find Anthony, I tossed the tomato back into the basket and looked over at Katie.  She sat there quietly with the same suspicious look on her face.  She started to say something when her phone rang.
Katie rolled her eyes at the screen and answered it in a quick huff.  “Hey, Dad… Yes, school was dismissed early today… I’m getting ready to eat lunch with Shi at Anthony’s… Ugh!  Our food is going to be RIGHT OUT… Okay, okay…FINE.  Bye.”  She threw herself against the back of the leather booth.
“I have to get mine to go,” Katie pouted.  “He’s pissed because I didn’t go straight to the shop after school.  I’m sorry, Shi.”
“That’s okay.  I’ll just eat real quick and then head over to the Drive-In.”
“But you’ll be sitting here…all alone,” Katie said sadly as she fiddled with her little diamond pendant.
Katie had “a thing” about being alone.  Seeing people carrying on throughout their daily lives “alone” really bothered her for some reason.  I never understood why.  Maybe because she’s an only-child who is constantly with her parents and they shower her with attention?  Who knows?
I looked around the crowded restaurant and laughed.  “There’s not an empty seat in here.  I’m hardly alone.  I don’t mind.”  I started to like the sound of some solitude while I ate.  After all, I had plenty of thoughts rolling around in my head to keep me company.
“Okay.  I’ll tell Shelia to wrap mine up and send yours over.  Bye, Shi.  Hey, I’ll try to swing by the Drive-In tonight after the game.”  Katie scampered over to our waitress and filled her in on the plan.  A minute later, my best friend was walking out the door with her brown bag in tow.
Shelia was beside me within seconds.  She informed me that Katie had picked up my tab (out of guilt I assumed) and placed an oversized, white oval plate on my table.  My steaming-hot stromboli smelled heavenly, so I dove right into it.  Good thing I wore my red shirt.  As much care as I would always take when eating my favorite dish, it was notoriously messy.  Any drippy sauce, which would inevitably land on me, wouldn’t be so conspicuous.
I was too busy enjoying my lunch to realize someone was now standing beside my table.  I’d just taken a bite that was too large for my mouth, and the cheese had left a clingy trail down to the plate when I heard someone say, “This place is pretty packed.  Do you mind if I sit with you?”
No visual confirmation was needed.  I already knew who it was.  Quickly, I placed my cheese-covered fork back on my plate, swiped any lingering sauce off my mouth, and choked down what remnants I could.  I tilted my head up to see Professor Grey standing there, grinning.
“I’ll take that as a yes,” Professor Grey replied as he brazenly slid into the side of the booth that had just been vacated by Katie.  “No sense in talking with your mouth full.  That would be rude.”  He picked up a menu and placed it in front him, hiding his entire face and upper body.  “So, what’s good here?” he called out from behind it, clearly mocking my attempt to camouflage myself in Ms. Fitz’s class.
I lowered his menu and placed it back on the table.  “What are you doing here?”
“The same thing you are… Getting lunch,” Professor Grey countered as he looked around the restaurant.
Evidently, the cheeky professor was going to try my patience.  “No.  What are you doing here?” I repeated, pointing to the table.
Professor Grey’s brow arched as he pretended to be somewhat offended.  “Well, I didn’t see any other empty seats, and anyway…I figured it was the least you could do, since I helped you find your way home last night.  Don’t worry, Red.  I’ll be back out there this evening, in case you get lost again…when you’re on your way to Grandma’s house,” he said as he pointed to me and then flicked the basket of vegetables on the table with his fingers.
I looked down at my red shirt and then over at the basket.  I couldn’t help but crack a smile.
“I’m working tonight, but rest assured, you won’t see me out on that ridge again,” I vowed with a sharp nod.
“Why not?” Professor Grey quizzed.  “It’s quite peaceful out there and views of the mountains are spectacular, especially this time of year.  The fall foliage is at its peak, and the sunsets are nothing less than amazing.”
“True,” I agreed.  But then again, HE wasn’t the one being chased by the big, black cloud of death on the ridge while HE was collecting samples, and as HE was gazing at picturesque sunsets.
Still skeptical, I decided to ask him again, “Are you sure you didn’t see or hear anything while you were out there yesterday?”
“I told you…nothing except a frightened little girl, but today she looks more worried than frightened.  What should I have seen?” Professor Grey leaned in and whispered, almost as if he knew my answer required discretion.
His closer proximity made me uneasy.  I was afraid I would start blushing again, so I straightened myself up and pulled back as far as my leather booth seat would allow.
“Nothing… Nothing at all,” I reassured him.  He leaned back slowly, appearing to process my answer.  “But I do have a question for you.”
“You’re in luck,” he said with a sharp point of his finger.  “I’m a professor, and I love questions.  But I have to say, the only thing I love more than questions are answers.  Specifically correct ones that are articulated to perfection.”
My cheeks began to flush — again.  I cleared my throat, in an attempt to stifle the unexpected blood-flow.  “How did you know my name?”
Professor Grey grinned slyly.  “It’s possible that I had a conversation with Kristine.  Oh, excuse me…Ms. Fitzpatrick.  Like I said, I’m always on the lookout for recruits.  She may have dropped your name to me this morning, and I may have spied your last name on the mailbox outside your house last night.  I just put 2 and 2 together.  That’s what us college professors do… Ya know?” he posed, attempting to imitate our local dialect with his last crack.
“I guess I haven’t had enough fancy book learnin’ to figure that out.  Thank ya for the tip,” I vocalized in my best hick accent and mustered a slick grin of my own.
His smile stretched wider, clearly amused.  “So, have you picked a college yet?”  A hush fell over the table.  “You are planning to go to college, aren’t you?” Professor Grey questioned.  I was surprised to see he had a serious side and not all smart-assy.
I grimaced.  “I’ve picked plenty.  I just haven’t heard from any of them yet.”  Anyone could tell I was frustrated by that fact.
“I’m sure you will,” Professor Grey stated confidently.  “Have you applied to Yardley?”
My mouth fell open.  “Are you serious?”
“Why not?  You have the grades and the SAT score,” Professor Grey added casually.
Crap.  He’s seen my grades and my SAT score, too?  Is there no confidentiality at that school?  For a second, I felt like I was having lunch with a stalker.
“Yes, I do…but unfortunately, I don’t have the money for it.  Isn’t Yardley like the top Ivy League school for sciences…with a pretty $95,000 a year price-tag?”
“You have plenty of options,” Professor Grey insisted.  “Financial aid… Student loans… Scholarships… Grants… Take your pick.”
This guy seems to have an answer for everything, I thought as shook my head and took another bite of my stromboli.
Shelia stopped by our table and took his order.  She seemed just as smitten with Professor Grey as every other female who had laid eyes on him.  I’d never seen her act like this before.  You’d think she was having a seizure by the way she was flipping her head around and batting her eyes.  Professor Grey acted very nonchalant about the attention — which made her flirt even more.
The sun started shining through the window.  He wasn’t wearing a tie, and his cornflower blue shirt was unbuttoned at the top.  The intense rays beaming from the midday sun were reflecting off a gold chain lying around his neck.  I’d never seen light dance so beautifully before.  His necklace trailed down his chest into a point under his shirt instead of circling it.  Without realizing, I reached for my little gold locket and started twisting it, back and forth.  His eyes widened when he noticed me staring.
“I’m sorry,” I blurted, embarrassed.  “I was watching the light reflect off your gold chain.  It’s almost hypnotic.”
“Oh, is it?” Professor Grey asked.
“Mine has never sparkled like that.”  I lifted my necklace to show him what I meant.
The charming professor’s eyes narrowed as he leaned in for a closer look, studying my locket meticulously.  I thought he was going to touch it at first, but he didn’t.
“Tell me what’s in it,” Professor Tanner Grey insisted in a soft-spoken, yet adamant tone.
His order surprised me, but I passed it off as general curiosity.  “Umm… There’s a picture of my mom on one side and my dad on the other.”  I let out a laugh and added, “I think.”
“What do you mean, ‘you think’?” he countered.
“My sister has one like it.  We got them at the same time.  The lock on mine is broken, but I saw the pictures in hers.  My dad wanted me to get a new one, but I didn’t see the need.  It was something both of us shared.  Anyway, it’s just one of the few special things my mom has ever done for me…out of the blue.”
Immediately I thought to myself, Uh, ramble much?  You shouldn’t have said all that.  It’s one thing to talk about family problems with Katie, but you don’t know this guy.  And you certainly don’t need to discuss any of your mommy-issues with him.
“Is there something on the end of yours?” I asked, changing the subject.
He was in deep thought about something, but he finally acknowledged my question.
“Yes… Yes, there is.  It’s kind of my good luck charm.”  Professor Grey started to pull the chain out from under his shirt, but he paused.  “Would you like to see it?” he teased.
I squinted my eyes and gave him a nod.  Professor Grey continued to tug on the glistening chain until a striking tumbled stone appeared that featured a medley of rich browns and lustrous golds.  Each of the swirly streaks faded into the next, blending the various hues perfectly.  My eyes were drawn to the depth of the golden tones, which seemed to pop out in the sunlight.  For some reason it reminded me of eating chocolate fudge-marble ice cream drizzled with caramel when I was a little.  Without a doubt, my attention had been captured.  The stone was absolutely bewitching. 
“What is it?” I asked, full of suspense.
“It’s a tiger’s-eye… Well, not literally,” Professor Grey remarked with a grin.
I felt myself wanting to hold it, almost craving to touch it.  But how rude would that be?  To reach over and just grab it?  I really didn’t know him at all.  However, he sure did know a lot about me.
“Where did you get it?” I inquired.
“It was given to me by a dear friend…years ago.  I’ve had it longer than I can remember.”  He held it up in the air and swayed it back and forth.  “Legend has it that a tiger’s-eye can conceal you from harm by protecting your psyche.”
I could sure use one of those.
Strangely, it wasn’t fastened to a traditional setting.  The gold simply outlined the edge of the stone and wrapped around its top.
“Does it work?” I asked.
Professor Grey glanced down at his tiger’s-eye and then up at me.  “Well, I wasn’t the one running scared through the woods last night, was I?”
That was blunt, I thought.  Truthful, but blunt.
“Touch it,” Professor Grey insisted.  “I can tell you want to.”  Apparently my desire to hold his tiger’s-eye was more evident than I’d realized.  “It doesn’t bite… I promise.”
My curiosity overcame any of my doubts as I leaned across the table.  Professor Grey moved closer, dangling the mysterious stone in front of me like a hypnotist.  In a delicate manner, I reached for the gold chain that secured it.
“No.  The stone needs to make a connection to you.  Touch it,” he tempted.  “You have to draw its energy into your own.”
I sat there thinking how kooky his words were, but in light of recent events, I found myself wanting them to be true.
“That’s how the legend goes, of course,” he added, taking my skepticism into account.
I carefully stroked my index finger across the face of the stone.  Though part of me still thought it was a bunch of hocus-pocus malarkey, the tiger’s-eye was surprisingly warm to the touch.  I secretly reasoned it was because it had been lying against his chest.  I caressed it gently, and for a second, I could have sworn I felt the tips of my fingers tingling a bit.
I do feel a little more secure and somewhat safe with it in my hands…but it’s all psychological, I rationalized.
I looked up at Professor Tanner Grey and found myself instantly dumbfounded.  The pair of wide hazel eyes that I’d been staring at merely seconds ago were now a deep shade of violet.  They didn’t have just a “fleck” of purple — this time — they were saturated in the unusual regal hue.
“Do your eyes always change color like that?” I blurted suspiciously.
Straightaway, Professor Grey shied his head towards the table.  “Like what?” he asked as he jerked away and then tucked the mysterious stone back inside his shirt.
“Last night…I saw a little purple in them,” I began to probe as I watched him lift his head, “And now, they’re…”  My mouth fell open.  “Back to HAZEL?!?  But they were completely VIOLET a second ago,” I insisted.
“You must be mistaken,” Professor Grey challenged.
“NO.  I know what I saw,” I argued.  “Your hazel eyes turned purple.  I’m not crazy.”
“Maybe you saw something being reflected off them?” Professor Grey posed.  “My eyes are kind of light.”
I decided to cross-examine his cockamamie claim.  “Okay… Then where did the purple come from?”
His hazel eyes remained locked with mine as he lifted up Anthony’s dessert menu and waved it in the air.
Disappointed, I thought, Crap… It’s purple.
At the rate I was going with strange occurrences, I’d need a straight jacket — not a dress — by tomorrow night.  Another quick change of subject was what my humiliation demanded.
Happily the universe provided one.  A black SUV was pulling up across the street.  Once it had parked, the driver hopped out and opened the rear passenger-door.  There was the mystery man himself, Lazarus Xcavare.
I pointed out the window.  “What’s his deal?  Is he a businessman making a purchase or a philanthropist who’s here to save the town?”
Professor Tanner Grey studied his boss with a curious air.  “Oh, Lazarus is all business.  He’s extremely ambitious and…very persistent.”  I didn’t get the impression that Professor Grey genuinely liked him.  “I think he’d buy up the whole planet to get what he wants,” he added.
His statement stumped me.  “So he wants one more mine to add to his collection?”
“Something like that,” he stated while his eyes remained fixed on Lazarus Xcavare.  Professor Tanner Grey finally redirected his gaze back to me.  “I think his attempt to revitalize Welch is really just—”
“To look good for his company’s shareholders?” I quickly interrupted.
Professor Grey grinned.  “See, Kristine was right.  The smartest one in the class.”  He glanced back over to Lazarus Xcavare, who was now talking to one of Welch’s local residents.  “Who’s that man Lazarus is talking to?  Do you know him?” he questioned.
I knew exactly who it was. “That’s Kyle Parsons.  He works in the County Clerk’s office.”
Professor Grey’s eyes widened slightly.  It was subtle, but it was still obvious that he was in deep thought about something concerning the meeting transpiring on the street.
I looked down at my watch.  “Well, I should be going.”
“So soon?” Professor Grey asked.
“I have to get to work,” I insisted as I hopped out of the booth.  I quickly threw down a tip, slung my purse over my shoulder, and grabbed the basket of goodies for Charlotte.  Shelia promptly arrived with his calzone and placed it in front him.  She practically shoved her breasts in his face when she leaned across the table and threw him a suggestive wink before heading back to the kitchen.
I shook my head.  That was obvious.
Professor Grey rose from the booth.  “Don’t be a stranger, Ms. Wallace,” he chuckled.  “Maybe I’ll see you around town again?”
“Well, it is small,” I answered as I strolled towards the door.
“Oh, if you do run into me again…not so hard next time,” he called out, loud enough to turn more than a few customers’ heads.
I stopped abruptly and turned to see him grinning as he lowered himself back into the booth.  Slightly embarrassed, I rushed out of the restaurant, giving the glass door a gruff push.  As I walked to my car, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I would be seeing him again — somewhere and somehow.
I puttered off down the road, headed straight for the Sterling Drive-In.  I arrived at the 50’s & 60’s themed eatery just as the lunch-rush was starting to wind down.  Charlie didn’t mind a bit that I’d punched in early.  And as usual, he was beaming a jubilant smile that matched his casual, happy-go-lucky air like a pair of shoes.  Though this was the only job I’d ever laid claim to, in my book, he was the perfect boss.  I spied Charlie’s favorite Grateful Dead jersey underneath his formerly-white, grease-stained apron.  I wasn’t surprised to see it.  He was just an old lovable hippie at heart.  His long brown hair (which was becoming more laden with gray) was always braided in one strand that cascaded down from the nape of his neck like a rope.  I gave it a playful tug as I rounded up some salads.  I couldn’t resist.  It was like seeing someone dressed in suspenders that you just had to “snap”.
“Watch it now,” Charlie teased and swatted my hip with a dishrag.  He straightened the colorful tie-dyed bandana he was using for a hairnet.  “I need to keep all the strands I’ve got.”
I eyed the length of his braid, which stopped just above the tag of his Levi’s.  “Trust me.  You’ve got plenty,” I laughed and swung my modest dark blonde ponytail at him.  “Way more than me.”
Charlie flipped his head like a silly flirt.  “Jealous.”
The rest of the afternoon went by relatively fast.  The dinner shift was extremely light, but that was to be expected.  Pretty much everyone in town was at the game.  Charlie kept the doors open until midnight on game nights, mainly to make up for the lost dinner sales.
We knew exactly when the game was over.  People began flooding into the parking lot and all the bays were full.  The Welch Golden Knights were victorious and held on to their undefeated season by shutting down the Princeton Tigers.  The final score was 42 - 14.  Everyone was talking about “what an exciting game it was”, and how “Mike Riverside dominated the Tiger’s defense”.  They also couldn’t stop chatting about a fight that had broken out between the two teams after the game.  The Chief of Police and several officers had to break it up.
As I’d figured, Kara Leighton was crowned our Homecoming Queen.  Apparently, Lazarus Xcavare performed the opening coin toss.  I heard a few people raving about the speech he gave at halftime, especially the part where he referred to Welch as being his new, “home away from home”, and his “big plans” for the town.
What a load of crap!  I’m still not buyin’ what he’s sellin’ to everyone around town.
Chloe showed up around 11 o’clock.  She looked really pretty, but she didn’t appear to be in good spirits — not while Kara Leighton flirted up a storm with Mike.
If she’s that brazen with Chloe just two-feet away, how in the heck is she going to act tomorrow night at the dance?
A wave of disappointment rippled through me once I’d realized that it was fifteen minutes until closing time and Ty hadn’t shown up yet.  Then my overly-paranoid brain offered up a thought of its own.  All the other guys on the team were here celebrating, so I casually asked Kara if he’d gotten hurt during the game.  She claimed he hadn’t, but by the way the Homecoming Queen was bouncing around from player to player, shamelessly on her slut-spree, she obviously didn’t care.
There weren’t too many people left dawdling around after midnight, so we managed to close up pretty much on time.  I raced home and crawled into bed.  I made sure to set my alarm for 6:30 AM.  I wanted to be at Ms. Sutherland’s house bright and early.  Of course, I wanted to help her, but I wanted something else too.  Something inside me kept questioning her so-called “disability”.  Just thinking she might be faking sounded crazy, but then again, so did telepathy.  I still couldn’t shake the feeling I had from yesterday.  Tomorrow would be the perfect time to put any of my doubts to rest.  I didn’t see the harm in doing a little covert probing.  At least this was one of my burning questions I could get a definitive answer to.
As I lay in bed, I had to admit my day was a little more “normal” than the previous one.  For someone who had longed for something other than the same mundane routine that comes with being a teenager in a small coalmining community, surprisingly, I needed that.  With one notable exception — Professor Tanner Grey.
I drifted off to sleep thinking, What’s his deal?  Looks and charm aside, I didn’t know what it was about him, but he sure did leave a lasting impression.
I dreamed about him.  It was just a random dream, nothing special or anything.
But in it…oh yes, his eyes were violet.


Chapter  6  —  Private Eye

As I’d figured, 6:30 AM came awfully quick.  When I rolled over to give the blaring alarm clock a good whack, I accidentally fell right out of bed.  I lay there for a minute, trying to will my sluggish body off the floor.  Once I’d acknowledged the long day ahead of me, I thought, Well now that I’m out, I reckon I might as well “get up”.
I staggered over to my dresser and stared at my vast collection of collegiate sweatshirts.  I feel like a Virginia Tech girl today, I mused as I pulled out the burgundy & orange sweatshirt and tossed it onto my bed, knowing I was risking a few daggers being hurled my way.  Around these parts, there was one simple rule for anything in those two colors bearing a “Hokie” mascot: you don’t wear it, you don’t drink out of it, you don’t sit on it, and you certainly don’t date it!  Nevertheless, I was known to go against the grain from time to time.
I shuffled to the bathroom.  My plan was to take a very lazy & long shower, but our water heater had other ideas.  Unexpectedly, a blast of icy water struck my back.  The frigid blow catapulted me out of the shower, where I stood naked, freezing, and without a bath towel — Damn!  My only option was a small hand towel hanging by the sink.  Figures.  With no other option, I bolted into the hall, snatched a larger one from out of the linen closet, and then raced to my room.  After a proper dry-off, I grabbed a grubby old pair of jeans and threw on the rest of my clothes.  To my surprise, I still wasn’t as awake as I needed to be.  Maybe some coffee would help?  I desperately needed a pick-me-up — a warm one this time.
Everyone was still asleep, so I tiptoed my way down the stairs and to the kitchen.  While it brewed, I ran out to the front porch and retrieved the Saturday morning paper.  I returned to the kitchen and slid out a chair as I scanned the front page.
They should’ve changed the Bluefield Daily Telegraph to the Lazarus Times.  Every article had SOMETHING to do with Xcavare.  It talked about their intent to purchase the mine, as well as their strategies for revitalizing our town.  I realized it was big news around these parts, but it was also an irritating reminder of what had happened, like a nagging thorn in my side.  I didn’t want to think about him or the incident for a second longer — and I certainly didn’t want to read about him.  After all, it hadn’t happened again.  Maybe it was just a fluke?
I sprang out of my chair as soon as I heard the soft “beep” ending the brewing cycle.  I wasn’t a major coffee-addict like my parents.  I only drank it occasionally, but for some reason — this particular morning — the smell was extremely arousing.  Mug in hand, I snatched some creamer from the fridge, poured a cup, dumped in a spoonful of sugar, and headed back to my room to finish getting ready.
Once my hair had dried, I grabbed my trusty brown hair-band and secured my ponytail.  I’d felt a little chill in the air when I had stepped outside to get the paper, so I reached for my thicker jacket wedged in the back of my closet.  With my sneakers now on and purse slung over my shoulder, I dashed back down to the kitchen for a quick second-cup.
To my astonishment, Daddy was already up — cooking.   As soon as he spotted the college sweatshirt I’d chosen, he chuckled, “I see someone’s lookin’ for trouble.  We still play ’em in basketball, ya know.”
“What are you doing up this early?” I asked.
“What does it look like?” Daddy posed and tilted his head towards the floury mess on the counter.  He was making breakfast, blueberry pancakes in fact.  Daddy’s cooking skills weren’t extensive, but he made the best pancakes.
“You know what I mean.  Why aren’t you still in bed?” I questioned.
“Oh… I roused a bit when I smelled the coffee brewin’.  That’s better than an alarm clock,” he joked.  “I knew you had a late night and were gettin’ ready to head over to Bea’s, so I thought I’d make breakfast before you left.”
“How thoughtful,” I gushed and kissed his cheek.  “But why are you already dressed?”  He wasn’t in his pajamas.  Daddy was wearing a nice pair of chinos and his blue and white striped dress shirt.  “Where are you going?”  After all, it was Saturday — not Sunday morning.
Daddy finished mixing the batter and folded in the sugar-coated blueberries.  “As a matter of fact, I have to run up to Bluefield today.  There’s a few things I have to take care of before I go into work tonight.”
“But you always have Saturday off?  Why do you have to work tonight?”
That’s crappy, I thought.  The first time I’m going to wear a dress in almost eight years, and he won’t even be here to see it.  I was disappointed even in spite of the fact that the dress was an atrocious hot-mess.
Daddy let out a frustrated sigh.  “Mr. Xcavare had Harper close the mine over the weekend so his guys can inspect it.  But I’ve gotta go through a lot of paperwork for Mr. Xcavare.  He’ll need all of it first thing Monday morning if they plan on closing the mine’s sale by Friday.  Shi, I’m sorry.  I’m gonna miss you going to the dance…with Mike,” he grumbled, shaking his head.  Daddy looked me square in the eyes.  “Are you sure you wanna do this?” he asked seriously.  ’Cause I’ll understand if you don’t.”
Daddy wasn’t the problem.  Charlotte and Chloe were the ones who wouldn’t be so “understanding”.
“I’m fine with it, Daddy.  I don’t blame Chloe for not trusting any of her friends.”  That was for sure.  I was secretly dying to let her in on what the captain of her cheerleading squad had been doing with her boyfriend.  “And anyway, Chloe already picked me up a dress.  It would really be a shame to let it go to waste.”
“Did you try on the dress?  It fit okay?” Daddy asked as he ladled the batter onto the griddle.
“Oh, um… Not yet.”  I paused to contemplate my reason.  “I didn’t want to get it dirty before I wear it tonight.  As long as it’s a size 8, it’ll be fine.  It looked like it would fit.”
Daddy threw me a smile as he flipped the pancakes.  I started fiddling around in my purse, so he couldn’t see how unenthused I was about my attire for the evening.  Honestly, what that thing needed was a can of gas and a lit match.  Ugh.
“Did you know Ms. Sutherland was retiring?” I inquired, changing the subject.
“I’ve had my suspicions.  I guess Bea feels her time’s up at the mine, and she’s ready to move on.  She’ll definitely be missed around there.”  His words sounded very heartfelt and even a little sad.
“It’s not because of Xcavare Enterprises, is it?” I probed.
Daddy let out a little laugh.  “You’d have to ask her that, honey.  I’m not a mind reader.”
I flashed an uncomfortable grin.  I really could’ve done without that comment.
The image of Beatrix Sutherland standing in front of the office window the other day was still haunting my thoughts.  I’d swear she was watching me.  Normally, I would simply pass it off as paranoia, but with everything else that had been going on around here, I found myself doubting her disability more than ever.
“You really don’t know how she lost her eyesight?” I questioned.
“No.  I don’t,” Daddy answered as he lifted one of the perfectly browned pancakes off the griddle and placed it on a large platter beside the stove.
“Can she see at all?  Like values of light…or something?” I continued.
Daddy poured some more batter onto the griddle and then flashed me a curious look.  “I honestly don’t know, Shi.  Why are you so fascinated with her blindness all of a sudden?”
I must have sounded a little too inquisitive.  “Just curious.”
“More like nosey, I think,” Daddy teased and then swatted my arm with the spatula.
When I reached over to whack him back, I noticed something shining around his neck.  I pointed to it straightaway.  “What’s that you’re wearing?” I asked.
Daddy quickly adjusted something under his collar.  “Oh, it’s nothin’.  Just that old necklace I use to wear,” he replied casually.
I laughed.  “The one with the clear crystal rock on the end of it?  The one Mom said made you look like a hippie?”
Slightly amused by Charlotte’s past reference, Daddy grinned as he pulled it out from underneath his shirt.  “That’s the one,” he confirmed proudly.
Daddy hadn’t worn it in years.  Charlotte and Chloe hated it, though I didn’t think it was that bad.  It was just a small, unpolished clear crystal with a simple silver chain strung through it.  Nothing fancy, kind of rough and masculine.
“What made you want to put that on today?” I asked.
“No reason… Just felt like it,” Daddy answered hastily and returned to flipping the pancakes.
I was a little perplexed by his somewhat evasive answer.  No one ever wears something they haven’t put on in years without some kind of reason.  What’s the big deal?  While I stood there thinking about the odd little necklace and what could’ve prompted him to wear it, I happened to glance at my cell phone lying nearby.  I’d left it in here last night and totally forgot to charge it.
GREAT, I griped as I shoved it in my purse.  I turned around to look at the clock on the wall.  I really didn’t have time for breakfast.  It was already 7:40 AM.  I’d promised Ms. Sutherland that I would be there at 8:00 sharp, and I hated being late.  I threw my purse over my shoulder and swiftly snatched a pancake that Daddy had just flipped, catching it in midair.
“I’m going to have to get that to go,” I said and took a quick bite.  I pecked his cheek.  “Love you, Daddy.  Have fun running your errands today…and don’t work too hard tonight,” I called back, still munching on my breakfast.
“You BEHAVE tonight,” Daddy ordered with a laugh.  “You won’t have any metal Tonka trucks to conk him with.  I’m gonna get Samuel to stop by the house as my stand-in…I’M SERIOUS!”
“Sure thing, Daddy,” I hollered as I unfastened the deadbolts.  “Oh, tell Samuel not to forget his double-barrel shotgun,” I added with a laugh.  “And my complements to the chef.  This batch is your best ever!”
As I closed the door, I accidentally started to call back, “Bye” before I quickly corrected myself.  Instead, I shouted out a pronounced, “See you later, Daddy.”
That was weird.  I almost told Daddy “bye” for some reason.  He hates that.  Maybe I’m still not awake enough yet?  That’s the last time I pull a double-shift at the Drive-In…especially on a game night!
I headed for my car, digging through my purse for my keys as usual.  Once I’d found them, I looked up and unexpectedly stopped dead in my tracks.  Sitting on the roof of the old Charger was my gold & brown feathery-friend.
“Where did you come from?” I asked aloud.
The falcon squawked as I crept closer to the driver-side door, but it never moved.  Cautiously, I raised my hand towards the magnificent bird.  It was hovering inches from my arm, but it still didn’t budge.  Slowly, I extended my index finger and watched the bird edge closer.  I gingerly stroked the falcon’s wing.  It wasn’t going anywhere.  It shifted around slightly and squawked a bit, but it didn’t fly off.  It seemed to like it.
“I didn’t get to thank you for helping me the other day,” I whispered.  “I think you saved my life.”
Normally I would think talking to a wild bird was borderline-bizarre, but it felt natural, kind of like striking up a one-sided conversation with an old faithful dog that a person would’ve had for years.  Realistically, it wasn’t any stranger than anything else that had happened over the past couple of days.
A loud “BANG” blared behind me.  This time, the falcon’s feathers were definitely ruffled (mine too).  It flew off straightaway and squawked repeatedly until it disappeared from my sight.  I whipped around to see Charlotte standing on the front porch, dressed in her pink chenille robe and matching fuzzy slippers.
“Be home in plenty of time to get ready for the dance!” Charlotte barked.  “I don’t want you keeping Mike waiting…UNDERSTAND?”
“I won’t be late,” I yelled back as I slid into my car and cranked the engine.
What a witch, I grumbled as I plowed out of our drive, leaving a fresh trail of slung gravel and dust swirling in the air.
There wasn’t any traffic to speak of, so I made it to Ms. Sutherland’s house at eight on the dot.  I remembered on the drive over that I’d loaned Daddy the cell phone charger I usually kept inside my car.  I’ll just have to charge it when I get home.  No big deal.
A rented box truck sat in Ms. Sutherland’s driveway, so I parked on the street outside her house.  Beatrix Sutherland lived on the “north side” of town.  It was a much classier section of Welch, where all the houses appeared impeccably kempt and their lawns had to be manicured to perfection in accordance with their strict neighborhood covenants.  Though her house was one of the smaller ones in the neighborhood, it was undeniably charming.  The modest one-story cottage was clad with white siding and black shutters, while a cheery red-painted front door added a tasteful touch of class to its façade.  Every window donned ornate metal planters, which were currently filled to their brims with pansies.  It reminded me of an oversized dollhouse.  The driveway was lined with towering cypress trees, which by their appearance were in need of a good pruning.  Their branches looked straggly and hung over the driveway in a chaotic manner.  In fact, they covered the entire right side of the box truck parked in her drive.
No wonder it’s backed in, I thought.  Mr. Mayfield would’ve had to climb a daggone tree just to get out of the cab.
I followed the curved cobblestone walkway that led to her front door.  I pushed the doorbell once.  As I stood there fixated on the peephole, I started thinking, What if Ms. Sutherland really can see?  How can I find out?  Why would she hide it?  My suspicions were bordering on obsession.  I’d had enough of unresolved strange occurrences.  Every one of them had prompted extraordinary questions, but what I craved were ordinary answers.  I’m going to get them today.  My foot fortified my vow with a stream of steady taps.  One way or another…
I started to press the buzzer again when the front door flew open.
“Oh, Shiloh.  You’re here,” Beatrix Sutherland remarked, before I could say a word.  “Come on in, dear.”
I found her greeting amusing.  “How on earth did you know it was me?” I asked skeptically as I walked past her.
“I told you, dear… Freesias.  My eyes may not work, but my nose still does,” she laughed.
In a dubious manner, I took a quick sniff of my shirt.  I still don’t smell anything.  I’m not buying her answer for a second.
“Plus, you said that you’d be here at eight sharp, and since there’s only one other person who would be arriving around that same time, I had a 50/50 shot.”
Well, at least that one holds a little more water.  She’s pretty slick.  I’ll give her that.
If I were going to get any answers, my best chance would be to bombard her with tricky questions.  Surely even the most cunning adversary would slip up — eventually.  A sly smile stretched across my face while my eyes crafted a hard-core look of determination.
Ms. Sutherland escorted me into her living room.  It was like any other you would walk into — fully furnished with a large sofa, several cushy chairs, and strategically placed tables.  It was decorated to perfection too, with everything coordinating nicely — well past the threshold of “anal”.
“This is really beautiful, Ms. Sutherland,” I commented.  “Did you decorate this yourself?”
Beatrix Sutherland let out a sharp laugh.  “Oh goodness no, dear.  Monique Culbert, the lady who has the tailoring shop downtown, well, she’s a good friend of mine.  Monique helped me with the decorating.  She picked out all the furniture and sewed my draperies.  I’d hate to think what this place would look like if I had made all the selections…by myself.”
My eyes squinted.  Maybe, I pondered, but something inside me still didn’t believe her.
Suddenly a melodic chime rolled through the house.  “Excuse me, Shiloh.  That’s probably the young fellow from Helping Hands,” Ms. Sutherland revealed as she hurried off to answer the door.
I heard a familiar voice entering the house.  A few seconds later, Ty Smith came strolling into the room, taking off his varsity jacket.  He had that, I-just-fell-out-of-bed, but-I’m-still-hot-as-Hell look going on.  His tired, droopy eyes lit up with surprise as soon as he saw me.
“Oh, Shiloh, you probably already know Tyler.  Aren’t you both in the same grade?” she asked.
We both smiled and answered, “Yes,” in unison.
“He’s been my assigned helper for the past couple of years.  He’s a godsend,” Ms. Sutherland beamed as she felt for his hand and gave it a tight, affectionate squeeze.
“Yeah, this is my girl right here,” Ty declared as he tenderly placed his arm around Ms. Sutherland and gave her a cuddly hug.  “I’m going to miss her when she leaves.  I’ll have to find someone else to let me cut their grass and clean out their gutters,” he teased and then gave her a peck on the cheek.
I stood there smiling at them.  That’s so sweet.  Could he be more perfect?  I didn’t realize it was Ty who would be here helping with the packing.  I hadn’t really seen him since he spied me avoiding Professor Grey in Geology class yesterday or spoken to him since our chat in the cafeteria on Thursday.  His comments were still floating around in the back of my mind, as well as the way he was staring at me in Ms. Fitz’s class.
“Here, Shi… I’ll take your coat back to the kitchen and hang it up for you,” Ty insisted.  I peeled off my jacket and handed it to him with an appreciative smile.
Good manners, too.  Yeah, totally perfect, I thought as my eyes followed him out of the room, mentally noting that he looked just as fine “going” as he did “coming”.
Beatrix Sutherland cleared her throat in a slightly suggestive manner that rocked me into a tight flinch on the spot.  I’d let my suspicions about the sweet little old blind lady slip my mind for a moment, but seeing her standing there — with a grin on her face — begged the question of whether or not she caught me checking out Ty’s ass.
My eyes narrowed instinctively.  Oh yeah… It’s definitely on!
“You two can get started in the living room.  All I really need is a place to sit for the next week, so everything else can be packed up,” Ms. Sutherland instructed.  “Tyler, did you bring the packing paper and boxes?”
“Sure did, and I have miles of tape,” Ty announced as he returned to the living room.
I looked closely around the room.  I found it sort of odd that there were little trinkets everywhere.  Figurines and ceramic collectables were scattered all around the space.  Most of them were little porcelain birds.  There were all different kinds.  Some sat perched on branches while others were fashioned to ornate porcelain flowers.  Why would she have so many of these?  She wouldn’t be able to see them, and they’d be a pain in the butt to dust.
“Excuse me for asking, Ms. Sutherland, but um…Why do you have so many of these little knickknacks lying around?” I inquired.
Tyler shot me an odd look.  I was a bit embarrassed by how rude he must’ve thought that sounded.  Needing to tread lightly, I quickly rephrased my question.
“I mean… Doesn’t that create a lot of extra cleaning for you?” I posed.
“What?  My little birdies?” Ms. Sutherland asked.
“Yes, Ma’am,” I replied respectfully, feeling the overwhelming need to show Ty that I did have some manners.
“I collect those, dear.  I’ve always been fascinated with the thought of birds.  I’m even a member of the Audubon Society.  I went out to Oregon last year on one of their retreats.”
My mouth dropped.  “The bird-watching organization?” I blurted skeptically.  I could feel the heat from Ty’s stare.  Any hotter and he would have burned my eyebrows slick off.
“That’s the one.  But they’re also a conservation group.  I’ve been a member going on thirty-five years,” Ms. Sutherland confirmed proudly.
Still baffled, I decided to carry on with my interrogation.
“So what did you…do on the retreat?” I inquired, causing Ty to almost drop one of the delicate baubles he was securing in bubble wrap.  I had to admit, I wasn’t exuding any sort of tact.
“We went on outings into the forest.  The others bird-watched, but I listened.  I’m quite the aficionado when it comes to distinguishing a bird by its call, if I do say so myself,” Ms. Sutherland boasted.  “There’s just something remarkable about standing in the stillness of the forest, waiting for a beautiful melody to call out.  It’s indescribably thrilling to imagine such a delicate creature flying from tree to tree while it showers the woods with its special song.  There’s nothing like it…in my opinion.  I love the feeling of freedom they must get from flying.”
I’ll give her that one.  Beatrix Sutherland - 2 — Me - 0.   Her answer turned out to be a logical one, but I wasn’t in search of logic today.  I wanted the truth.
Ty chuckled.  “But you don’t ride on airplanes, do you?  Didn’t Mrs. Culbert drive you out to Oregon for the meeting last year?”
“Oh, Tyler.  Now you know I don’t like the idea of being cooped up in a long steel tube with my life in someone else’s hands.  Where’s the freedom in that?” Ms. Sutherland quipped with a smile.
Ty returned her affectionate gesture and then purposely looked my way, clearly trying to analyze my intensions.
“Well, I’m off to whip up a pot of apple cider.  I guess I’d better let you two get to work,” Ms. Sutherland announced and then headed off to the kitchen.
With a determined stance, I watched the sly silver-haired fox sashay proudly down the hall.  Clearly it was time to up my game.
We immediately went to packing.  The noises in the room were random, like boxes being assembled or items being wrapped in thick paper.  Every time I heard the sound of packing tape being stretched across a box, it served an awkward reminder that Ty and I hadn’t said one word to each other since Ms. Sutherland left the room.  Ty eventually broke the silence first.
“What’s up with you, Shi?” Ty asked cautiously.
“What do mean?” I answered with a nonchalant shrug.  I already knew the answer to that one.
“The questions for Bea.  I mean, you’re not acting like your usual sensitive self.”
“Just curious,” I replied innocently.
Ty’s eyes narrowed as he processed my reply.  He wasn’t buying it.  I’ll have to be a little more careful with carrying out my scheme.  I didn’t know whose suspicions were greater — mine about Ms. Sutherland, or Ty’s about me?
I strolled over to the corner of the room where Ms. Sutherland’s television was sitting.  Not just any TV, but a nice sized 52” inch flat-screen.
“Why would she need that?” I posed aloud.
Tyler finished taping up his box.  “The TV?  I’m sure to listen to it,” he replied sharply.  “She’s not deaf.”
“Yeah, but why does she have one that big?” I rebutted critically.
“Maybe for company?  I’m sure she has some from time to time.”  Ty shook his head and started assembling a new box.
I still wasn’t convinced, but I followed suit and got back to the job at hand.  Neither one of us initiated any more conversation other than “I need more tape” or “Hand me another box”.
We had the entire living room packed up in about two hours.  Every accessory had been wrapped and carefully placed in boxes, and we were ready to move on to the dining room.  Mr. Mayfield, our local handy man, finally arrived.  Ty stepped outside to greet him.  Ms. Sutherland had mentioned to us a few minutes ago that he would be popping in to pick up a set of keys he’d accidentally left here last night.
An opportunity presented itself.  Ms. Sutherland was still in the kitchen, but she would have to pass through the living room on her way out to give Mr. Mayfield back his keys.  I’d noticed she wasn’t using her cane.  Why would she in her own house?  I could stack a bunch of boxes in the doorway and let her think I was outside, but I’ll hide in here.  That way, when she sees the obstruction and thinks that no one is around to catch her, she’ll have to maneuver around them.
Busted, I predicted with a proud gleam glazing my eyes.
I hurried over and stacked several boxes in the doorway.  I kind of got carried away and positioned them so there wasn’t any way around.  She would definitely have to move them.  Booby trap set, I confirmed.
“Ms. Sutherland,” I called out.  “Mr. Mayfield’s here.  I’m going out to say hi to him.”
“Oh, please tell him that I’ll be out there in a second with his keys,” she called back from the kitchen.
“Will do,” I sang with a grin.
I slammed the door shut, tiptoed back into the living room, and crouched down behind the yellow-checked sofa.  I heard the faint sound of footsteps creaking along the hardwood floor that flowed throughout the house.  The sounds were getting louder and heading this way.  I peered around the corner and waited patiently out-of-sight.
Just a few more seconds…
I spotted her shadow rounding the corner.  She stepped through the doorway and…began to crash right into my pyramid of boxes!  From out of nowhere, Ty burst into the room and was by her side to catch her, right before she hit the floor.
“I’ve got you, Bea!  Are you okay?” Ty asked anxiously.
“Oh yes, Tyler.  Goodness!  I really need to be more careful.  I’m so used to my surroundings that I’d forgotten they were in the process of being altered today.  I should have known better and had my cane ready.  Really, Tyler…I’m fine, dear.  I sure do appreciate you breaking my fall.  I hope I didn’t hurt you.  Did I break anything?”
“No, Ma’am.  I’m fine and so are your things.  These boxes are marked, ‘pillows & draperies’.  There’s nothing breakable in them.  I just want to make sure that you’re okay.”
I could hear the worry in his voice.  It was obvious he was quite fond of her.  I remained hidden behind the sofa, wallowing in my shame.  My quest for answers had almost come at Bea’s expense.
What was I THINKING?  She could’ve really been hurt.  I felt horrible, absolutely horrible!  My suspicions had taken a backseat to my humility — not to mention, my guilt.
“I’ll get these out of your way and carried out to the truck.”  Ty picked up the keys she had dropped and handed them back to her.  “You can go ahead and give these to Mr. Mayfield,” he insisted.  “You’ve got a clear path to the front door.  There’s nothing in the way.”
“Thank you, Tyler,” Ms. Sutherland replied gratefully.
As I peeked out from behind the sofa, I saw her giving his cheek a few gentle pats.  Quickly, I pulled back, so I could remain out of Ty’s sight.  I heard the door open and then slam shut.  Ms. Sutherland was finally outside.
One down, one to go…
Patiently, I waited for the sounds of Ty lugging the knocked over boxes out to the truck — but they never came.  I sat there thinking, What’s he waiting on?  My patience was starting to wear thin.  The next thing I knew, a growing shadow was approaching the end of the sofa where I was hiding.
“She’s gone,” Ty announced in a scathing tone.  “You can get up.”
He sounded really pissed.  I grimaced and mouthed silently, Shit.  I was mortified.  Slowly, I rose from my spot to see an extremely irritated Tyler Smith.
“Where’s your head, Shi?” Ty demanded.  “SERIOUSLY?”  Ty’s tone was bad enough, but his expression left me with no doubts regarding his current emotions.
Time to cover my ass.  “What are you talking about?” I posed, playing clueless.
Ty’s mouth flew open as he let out a disbelieving grunt.  “You KNOW what I’m talking about.  I saw you.  I saw you through the front window.”
I scanned over to the bay window, which was now naked and drapery-free.  Shamefaced, I slowly turned back to witness his fixed stare.
“You stacked those boxes there on purpose, and then you hid behind the sofa,” Ty charged.  “For what?  To watch her fall?”
“Not exactly,” I replied sheepishly as I passed him and then bolted into the dining room.  This sure has gone from bad to worse.  He followed right behind me.  There was no avoiding this exchange.
“Wait a second.  What do you mean, ‘not exactly’?” Ty asked.
I paused to contemplate whether or not I should reveal my suspicions about Ms. Sutherland.  If I told him that I doubted she was blind, he would probably think I’m crazy.  On the other hand, if I didn’t give him a good reason, he would most likely assume I’d done it out of sheer meanness, and that I was a despicable, horrible person.  I looked at the confused expression on the handsome face of the boy I’d had a crush on for years.  His blue eyes widened with every lingering moment of my silence.
I can live with “crazy”.
Nervously, I started assembling a box for the china plates.  “I was just conducting a little experiment,” I mumbled.
Ty’s eyes swelled at such an alarming rate I thought they were going to pop right out of his head.
“What kind of ‘experiment’?  How many bones you can break in a blind old lady’s body?”  His question reeked with disgust and sarcasm.
“NO!” I objected.  I took a deep breath and let out a long sigh.  “I wanted to see if she truly is…blind.”  I didn’t want to see the look on his face, not after that admission, so I started wrapping dinner plates while I nervously waited for his response to my truthful, yet on the surface, completely insane reason.
“If she’s truly blind?” Ty repeated, open-mouthed.  He was definitely dumbfounded, but at least he didn’t look as irate.  “Why would you EVER THINK she wasn’t?” Ty questioned.  “We’ve both known her for years.  She’s always been like that.”
I placed the wrapped dishes in a box and turned to face him.  “I know, but the other day I felt like she was…watching me.  I could feel her eyes on me.   It’s hard to describe, but it was like she wasn’t only looking at me, but into my soul…or something.”
That ought to tighten up the last strap on my straightjacket, I confirmed quietly.
Ty tilted his head back and shook it while he stared at the ceiling.  “That’s crazy, Shiloh.  Totally insane!”  He walked away asking, “Why would sweet old Bea ever do something like THAT?”
He was almost out of the room.  “Ty… Wait!  You’ve been working here for the past few years.  Has there ever been a time when you’ve felt like that?” I pleaded.  “Like she’s watching you?”
Ty stopped and half-turned his head.  “No,” he answered flatly.
I had to stop him from leaving, so I dashed over and threw myself in front of him, blocking the doorway.  Without thinking, I grabbed his arms.  I could feel his muscles contracting through his shirt.
“Never?” I pressed.  “You’ve NEVER felt or noticed anything?  Anything strange at all?”
Ty didn’t move.  I was in no way, shape, or form as strong as he was, but something had him planted in place, motionless.  His head was cocked to the side, staring silently down at the floor.  The handsome jock was thinking long and hard about something.  My hands guided his head towards mine, until we were staring into each other’s eyes.
Ty yielded a sigh.  “Maybe… Yeah, maybe,” he muttered.
As I stared up at Ty, I noticed some reservation hiding behind his deep blue eyes.  Without a doubt, he was leery about something.
“What?  What have you noticed?” I asked eagerly, breathless with anticipation.
“Last fall, I was here with another volunteer, Clayton Myers.  He was up on the roof fixing a couple of loose shingles for Bea.  When he was coming down, he slipped and fell off the ladder.  As soon as he hit the ground, I heard a loud crack.  He was in a lot of pain, so I his checked leg.  He couldn’t move it…and his ankle was red and swollen.  I ran inside and called an ambulance.  When I came back out, Bea was sitting on the ground beside him.  She didn’t see me standing there.  She told him to lie still, so she could check it.  She ran her hands all over Clayton’s right ankle and up his leg for about a minute or two.  It was really weird.  Then the ambulance came and took him to the hospital.  I stopped by to check on him on my way home, but he was fine.  They said none of his bones were broken, and his leg wasn’t even swollen anymore.  They were just keeping him there because he couldn’t remember what had happened.  They thought he must’ve hit his head.  All I could think about was the cracking sound I’d heard.  I can’t tell you how many times I’ve heard that same sound at football practice over the years.  I’d swear on my life that it was broken!”
My hands remained where they were, locked onto his strong arms.  I could feel my grip tightening as soon as I recognized the familiar air of suspicion in his voice, like a haunting whisper of doubt.  It echoed mine.  Even though I wasn’t there, I believed him.
“Shi, I know what I heard…and what I saw.  But that’s impossible, right?”
“Honestly, Ty…I don’t know anymore.  The last few days have made me question everything around me.”
I suddenly realized my “clutch” had turned unexpectedly into more of an “embrace”.  Helplessly, my eyes began taking in every curve of his face.  Soon they locked onto his, as if the two pools of blue were tempting me like a cool lake in the heat of summer.  I wasn’t sure, but I thought I felt him moving slowly towards me.
Abruptly, I pulled away and grabbed the dishes I’d just laid on the table, pretending to get back to the job at hand.  I was a little uneasy about his intentions.  After all, Ty was Kara’s boyfriend, even if she didn’t seem to openly respect their so-called commitment.
How could I even think about handing out my “first kiss” to him, only to see him dancing (and who knows what else) with Kara tonight?  Anyway, he may not have been trying to kiss me.  He probably just lost his footing or something.  Either way, I pushed my desires aside as I thought, I’m NOT a second-string player!  That declaration blared through my head like a bugle sounding at dawn.
Though my back was turned, I could feel his eyes on me, which made me feel apprehensive and elated, both at the same time.
Ms. Sutherland entered the room.  “How’s everything coming?” she asked.
If there was ever a moment in need of a tension breaker, this was definitely one of those.  I thanked the cosmos and went on to reply, “Fine, Ms. Sutherland.  We’ll have you all packed up in no time.”  Ty, however, never said a word.
“I’m sure going to miss this house,” Ms. Sutherland remarked as she lowered her head and smiled half-heartedly.  I assumed she was probably reminiscing by the way her eyes appeared glassy as she stood there in silence.  Without delay, she began to tear up.  Ms. Sutherland took an extra deep breath as she lifted her head and wiped them away.  “Now, it’s okay if you two don’t get finished.  I’ll have the movers do the rest when they come for the furniture next week.  I know you have to leave around 1 o’clock Tyler, and Shiloh, I don’t want to keep you here all day.”
“I can stay till around three, Ms. Sutherland.”  I was in no rush to get home, and I still hadn’t gotten what I’d come for — my answer.
“Okay.  I’ll let you two get back to it,” Ms. Sutherland said with a smile and then disappeared back down the hall.  Ty carried the knocked over boxes out to the truck, and I went back to packing up the dining room.  Within minutes, he stepped back into the room.
“I’m going to start on the bedrooms,” Ty announced and then left straightaway, his arms laden with as much packing paraphernalia that he could carry.
Clearly he seemed upset, but I wasn’t quite sure about what — The “Ms. Sutherland” thing, or the “I don’t know if you were going to kiss me, but I’m not havin’ it” thing?  I shook my head and continued packing.
In a little over an hour and a half, I had all Ms. Sutherland’s china, sterling silver, and crystal stemware wrapped up and placed in various boxes.  After lugging them to the driveway, I started loading the boxes inside the truck.  It was a lovely fall day, but there was a bit of a nip in the air.  On my last trip of carrying cartons outside, I spotted Mr. Estell walking down the street.
That’s FOUR freaking times in THREE DAGGONE DAYS!  Crap.  I know Welch is small, but…COME ON!
Even in the light of day, that man gave me the creeps.  I didn’t know if it was his mangy appearance or his eerie demeanor that bothered me more.  I’d never seen a smile on his face, but to be fair, I’d never really looked at him long enough to notice one.  There was just something about him that compelled me to look away.  His presence here disturbed me so much that I quickly slid the box inside the truck and turned to go back into the house.
I happened to glance across the street before I strolled up the walk.  Mr. Estell had stopped directly in front of Ms. Sutherland’s house and appeared to be watching me.  A shiver shot straight down my spine when I got a clear look at his face this time.  His expression was blank, almost unnaturally hollow.  There wasn’t even a shred of emotion.
Maybe he’s still ticked about the other day?  I did almost back into him.  With that guilt-wheel picking up speed, I decided to see if I could get some sort of reaction from a kind gesture, so I threw up my hand and waved with a cheery smile plastered on my face.
Unfortunately, I got one when the creepy drifter shot an awfully menacing grimace my way.  His eyes pierced through me like a wicked sharp dagger, and a feeling of sheer hatred pelted my body like a hail of gunfire.  This time, a whole lot more than just my spine shook.  Every daggone nerve in my body was quivering.
Immediately, I bolted into the house and slammed the door.  I hurried into the living room and peered out the window.  Mr. Estell hadn’t moved from across the street, and his sinister eyes were still eerily transfixed on me.  The bare window provided me with no cover whatsoever, so I backed up into the foyer and turned to go down the hall.  As I whipped around, I ran smack into Ty.
“CRAP!” I screamed as I clutched my chest.
“I’m sorry, Shi,” Ty chuckled.  “I didn’t mean to scare you like that.”
I caught my breath.  “It’s not you,” I insisted.  “It’s that Mr. Estell outside.  He threw me an awful look and wouldn’t stop staring at me.”
Ty darted towards the front door like a protective alpha-male and threw it open.  “WHERE?  I don’t see him.”
Confused, I rushed to the door and ran outside.  I couldn’t believe it, but Mr. Estell was gone.  It was almost like he’d vanished in thin air.  I charged towards the road and looked up and down the street.
“Where the heck did he go?  He was JUST HERE a second ago,” I declared.
Ty joined me in the front yard.  “Someone probably came along and picked him up.  He’s always hitchhiking,” he reasoned.
I hurried back inside with Ty following right behind me.  “NO.  There weren’t any cars that passed by.  I didn’t see or hear a single one,” I stated adamantly.
“Well, he’s gone now.  You can stop acting like a scared little girl,” Ty cracked as he passed me and tugged on my ponytail.
His “little girl” comment flew all over me, especially thinking about how Professor Tanner Grey had thrown that perturbing phrase around on my behalf, repeatedly.
“I’m not acting like a ‘scared little girl’!  He just creeped me out.  That’s all!” I barked.
“Woah!  I’m sorry, Shi.  Easy,” Ty defended as he threw up his arms.  “I know the guy’s probably not playing with a full deck.”
In an attempt to console me, he laid his hands on my shoulders and began rubbing them gently.  It started out as a friendly gesture, but the longer he massaged them, the deeper and more defined his touch became.  I wasn’t upset anymore, but as a warm tingle ran rampant throughout my body, I knew I was a heck of a lot of somethin’ else.
I looked over at his hands and then up at him curiously.  Ty pulled away quickly, obviously embarrassed by his frisky, unconscious move.
I desperately needed another tension breaker.  “I’m finished with the dining room.  How about you?” I inquired.
“The spare bedroom is all packed up.  I’m working in Bea’s bedroom right now,” Ty said, sounding more relaxed.
“Do you want some help?” I asked.
“Yeah.  Come on,” Ty replied with a smile and motioned me down the hall to the rear of the house.
As I entered Beatrix Sutherland’s master bedroom, my eyes did a complete sweep of the extremely frilly and feminine space.  The walls were covered in a yellow-striped wallpaper, adorned with a fetching pink floral motif.  Her grand cherry poster bed was draped in a soft white chenille coverlet and smothered in decorative throw pillows.  I shook my head.  If I thought there were a lot of knickknacks in the living room, I was mistaken.  I discovered the mother-load in here.  Little birdies lay positioned and perched on every table, in every corner of the room.  My attention then turned to an old wooden rocking chair sitting by a window.  Without a doubt, it was a picturesque addition to the room’s décor, but there was something funny about the way it was situated.  It faced towards the window, not into the room like you would see in most every other home — yet another little oddity that kept fueling my suspicion.
We packed up everything she wouldn’t need for the next week.  I could see Tyler out of the corner of my eye.  He seemed to want to say something, but kept hesitating for some reason.  His restrained silence was driving me a little nuts.
“So… What do you have to do this afternoon that’s more important than helping ’ole Bea?” I inquired.
Ty smiled and paused for a moment.  “I have to drive over to Pineville and pick up my tux.”
The last time I’d spoken with Ty about anything to do with tonight’s dance he seemed a bit miffed.  I’d passed off Katie’s theory as totally delusional, so I tried to lighten the mood.
“Oooh… That is important,” I mocked as I whipped out one of Ms. Sutherland’s evening dresses from a garment box nearby and draped it over my body.  “After all, the Homecoming dance is one of our school’s biggest social events,” I proclaimed.  “With the notable exception of the prom.  Anyone who’s anyone will be there.”  My playful, southern accent was laden with sarcasm.
“I know,” Ty replied, mirroring my tone.  “You wouldn’t believe who will be there…and who they’re coming with.”  Ty’s innuendo was as clear as Ms. Sutherland’s crystal stemware that I’d just packed away an hour ago.
I frowned as I hung the dress back in the cardboard garment box.  I didn’t want to talk about the dance.  It would be here soon enough.  Ty took the hint from the look on my face.  He’d hit the target when he shot that one out of the chamber.  Once again, a deafening silence swiftly filled the room and stagnated like a thick, suffocating cloud.
No sooner than we’d finished up, Ms. Sutherland came strolling into the bedroom.  “How’s it coming in here?” she asked.
“I just have to carry out the last box.  Then we’ll be officially done,” Ty announced proudly.
“My, you both have worked so hard today.  You two make a good team,” Ms. Sutherland stated with a smile.  An awkward vibe bounced back and forth between us.  “Please come into the kitchen and get something to drink.”
Ty hoisted the remaining box onto his firm, broad shoulder and motioned me ahead of him.  “After you,” he insisted politely and waved his hand.
We followed Ms. Sutherland down the hall and into the kitchen.  Two steamy cups of apple cider were already waiting for us.  We both pulled out our chairs and sat around the round oak table, eager to sip on the warm treat.  Her cider recipe turned out to be second to none — plenty of sweetness, with a hint of spice and not too tart — the perfect drink for a crisp autumn day.
We sat there for a spell, singing Ms. Sutherland’s praises and telling her how much she would be missed.  Her eyes began to tear up from our heartfelt wishes for her happiness.
“Goodness, you both are so precious.  Your words mean more than you’ll ever know.  Thank you so much for helping me today.  You’re both so thoughtful and caring.”  Ms. Sutherland continued to weep.  “Those are rare qualities in teenagers nowadays.”  She walked over to where her paper towels sat on the counter and fiddled with the empty tube.  “Please excuse me for a moment.  I need to get some tissues.”
“Sure,” we replied.
As she exited the room, I found myself wondering how I could ever think “sweet old Beatrix Sutherland” would be trying to deceive anyone with a fake disability.  My time was almost up, and I still hadn’t uncovered anything.  I sat there empty-handed and feeling uncomfortably ashamed.
Another moment of awkward silence passed.  This seemed to be the recurring theme of the day.  However, it came to an end when Ty noticed the time on the clock above the refrigerator.  It was 1:30 PM.
He shot up out of his chair.  “I’m late!” Ty exclaimed as he pulled his keys out of his pocket.
I guess he can’t keep his tuxedo waiting.  Kara wouldn’t appreciate that one bit.  Secretly, I wished I was that excited about the dance tonight.  The only thing I felt was miserable, with a touch of dread.
Something in the back of my mind surfaced as I watched him race over to grab his jacket off the wall.  Most every guy in school usually went to Primo Formals downtown or to one of the shops in Bluefield to get their tuxedoes.  It just seemed odd.
“Hey, Ty…Why did you go to a tux shop over in Pineville?”
“Well, I um…hadn’t planned on going to the dance,” Ty revealed as he slipped on his jacket.  “All the other stores were out of my size by the time I decided to go, but I found one over there at Ava’s Formals.  My mom knows a lady who works there.”
“Oh… So, Kara being crowned Homecoming Queen changed your mind?  Last night?”
That’s probably why he wasn’t at the Drive-In.  He was trying to track down a tux.  That made sense, but what I couldn’t understand was why Ty wouldn’t naturally assume that he’d have to go to the dance with his girlfriend.  I couldn’t fathom the thought of Kara being happy about not attending the Homecoming dance, let alone going without a date.  She lived for that crap.
Ty smiled and shook his head.  “That’s not why I changed my mind,” he replied with a shy grin.  “You’re still coming tonight, aren’t you?  I mean, I will see you there?”
“Trust me… You won’t be able to miss me,” I assured with a caustic bite.  My skin was crawling just thinking about all those hideous layers of puke yellow fabric.  Without a doubt, I would need a bath before and after the daggone dance.  Ugh…
Ty was in such a hurry he seemed oblivious to my sarcasm.  He rushed out the door and then stopped before he completely exited.
“Save me a dance,” Ty called back with a wink and then ran off like his tail was on fire.
A smile crept across my face, amplifying the flush of my cheeks as I pondered his staggering request.  I found myself daydreaming about dancing with Ty while my fingertips stroked the edge of my mug.
Could Katie be right?  I allowed my thoughts to carry me away for a moment.  I never thought he shared any of the same feelings I’d had.  Then again, I was too focused on school to even notice.
I pictured us there, dancing slowly under the soft lights of our dimly lit school gymnasium…until the reality of that ghastly dress surfaced.  Like a slap to my face, I emerged abruptly from my trance.  Not to mention, the reality of his girlfriend, Kara, and my date, Mike Riverside.  I shook off any preconceived intensions regarding his “dance request”.  We were already coupled up for all intents and purposes — Kara had been his girlfriend for a while and Mike was merely a peace-keeping favor from Hell.
My eyes wandered around the kitchen while I sat there waiting for Ms. Sutherland to return.  Surely she needed to pack up a few things in here as well.  The décor of the cutesy little space was “strawberries”, and they were everywhere.  So many you would think you were out in the middle of a berry patch — on the wallpaper, the placemats, the appliance covers — practically on anything standing still.  Even all the ceramic canisters and dishes that lined her almond-colored countertops were painted in the motif.
My eyes continued to travel around the room.  I soon spotted the box marked, “Master Bedroom”, that Ty had forgotten in his haste to take out to the truck.
I pushed my chair away from the table and walked over to collect the box.  It was kind of heavy, but nothing I couldn’t handle.  I used my butt to push open the back door and made my way down a small set of concrete steps.  There was a long narrow walk beside the house that led out to the driveway.  As I toted the box to the truck, I noticed that the cypress trees which desperately needed pruning ran clear back to the rear of the house, right alongside my path.  The overgrown limbs hung down over the walkway and had a creepy appearance, like rough jagged arms reaching out.  I felt a few of their needles scratching me, but I continued to push onward, burying my face down behind the box to avoid any scrapes.  Once I’d arrived at the back of truck, I slid the cardboard box snugly inside and gave it a little tap, signifying a job completed.
While I stood there, my ears picked up on a subtle noise.  It was a steady, high-pitched rattling sound, which seemed to be getting louder and escalating at a disturbing rate.  As I turned to check it out, from out of nowhere Ms. Sutherland lunged at me.  She had come at me so fast that I immediately crouched down defensively toward the concrete drive — hands over my head and eyes now closed.  Oddly enough, my knee-jerk reaction to her unforeseen move had been mostly triggered by the horrible scowl I’d seen etched on her face.  But something else had caught my eye in that split-second — something that appeared to have been lodged in the center of her forehead.
I hunkered down beside the box truck.  WHAT THE HELL?
Gradually, I opened my eyes, squinting for a clarifying peek.  She was just standing there in front of me, now passive and motionless, but something was hanging beside her that trailed down to the ground.  Since there seemed to be no more apparent signs of aggression, I slowly lowered my arms and rose to my feet.  On the way up, my eyes shot open just as fast as my bottom lip fell to the ground.  Standing in front of me was Ms. Sutherland…holding the largest freakin’ rattlesnake I’d ever seen!


Chapter  7  —  Surprise, Surprise

I stood there flabbergasted by the horrid vision of the elderly “blind” woman clutching a stout-looking, twelve-foot rattlesnake lying limp in her hand.  The sight of its lifeless scaly body, which stretched from her fist to the ground and then curled around her feet, blasted a crippling shiver that ruthlessly seared all of my nerves.  My frame may have been locked in a stupefied state, but my eyes continued to swell from the impossibility of the feat I’d just witnessed.
“Shiloh, are you okay, dear?” Ms. Sutherland asked with utmost concern.
“Um… Yeah,” I mumbled in a daze (and without checking).  As I came to my senses, my hands briskly patted my head and upper body.  “I think so,” I assumed.  “Where did that thing come from?  I’ve never seen a snake that big before… EVER!”  Its daggone head was bigger than her fist.
“Oh dear, I’m so sorry.  I feel simply awful.  It must’ve been hanging on a branch in one of these old cypress trees.  I haven’t had them pruned all year, and I bet they’ve grown out of control.  I should’ve had Tyler trim them back when he was here last week.  I figured they probably looked bad, but I had no idea how dangerous they were.”
Ms. Sutherland stood there pleading for my forgiveness, but that was the last thing on my mind.  I was well aware of how the snake could have been in the tree, but that didn’t help me comprehend how in world she knew I was outside or better yet, how accurate her aim was in reference to its demise.
“But how… How on earth did you know WHERE it was?”
Ms. Sutherland held up the scaly corpse and gave its tail a quick shake.  “By its rattler, dear,” she replied casually.
It took me a second to process her answer.  “Maybe… But you grabbed it and killed it in one shot!  HOW?” I demanded skeptically.
“Lucky, I guess…or rather you were the lucky one,” she deuced with a smile.
No shit, I confirmed, eyeing its long and pointy fangs.  All of my earlier suspicions were aroused once again.
“Okay, but…how did you know that I was outside…BESIDE THE TRUCK?”
There’s no way she can spin this one, I thought confidently.
“I was coming into the kitchen and heard the back door slam, so I followed whomever it was around the side of the house.  I heard the sound of a rattler coming from above, and well…my instincts kind of took over.  My eyes may not be of use to me, but my other four senses are very fine-tuned.  I’ve gotten quite familiar with the sounds of rattlesnakes in the woods from—”
I interrupted her far-fetched excuse.  “From your bird-listening expeditions, right?” I posed crisply.
“Exactly, dear,” Ms. Sutherland replied in a candy-sweet tone.
I threw out my arms in defeat and didn’t give a single flying-flip if she could see me doing it either.  My patience was spent, and I was sick of her twisted game.  On one hand, I was thankful that she’d kept me from becoming snake-bait, but on the other, she was driving me crazy with suspicion.  WHY?
I suddenly remembered seeing something stuck on her forehead when she had leapt out to grab my slithery attacker.  I started inspecting her face and found myself impulsively brushing her forehead with my hand.  Alarmed by my actions, Ms. Sutherland immediately jumped back and began rubbing her head.
“Shiloh, is there something wrong?” Ms. Sutherland asked nervously.  “Oh, goodness.  Did some of those little needles land on my face?”
“No,” I replied somewhat confused.  “There aren’t any needles, but I thought I saw something on your head… Something round and kind of glassy.”  Mystified, I stared at her forehead.
I could’ve sworn I saw something there.  My eyes searched all around to see if anything had fallen onto the ground.  Nothing but grass…and a little old lady holding one huge, dead-ass snake.
“Come back inside, dear.  You need to sit down for a second after a scare like that, and besides, I have something for you.”  She pitched the snake down onto the grass beside the driveway.  “I’ll get Mr. Mayfield to dispose of that when he comes by later.”  She felt around for my hand and then guided me back down the path beside the house, en route to the kitchen.
No sooner than I’d plopped down in my seat at the table, my fingers started tapping a steady rhythm unconsciously on its firm oak top.  How am I going to find out?  After all, she’s had A LOT of practice concealing it all these years…
“Is something wrong, Shiloh?” Ms. Sutherland asked.  She’d noticed my little tapping tick before I realized what I was doing.
I stopped pecking on the table.  “Nothing.  I’m still a little dazed…I guess.”
“We can call it a day if you would like,” Ms. Sutherland suggested.  “There are only a couple of drawers to box up in here.  I do a lot of cooking, so I didn’t want to pack up my entire kitchen just yet.”
“I’m fine.”  I planned on staying here as long as it took.  She wasn’t getting rid of me that easy.  “Oh, but Ty already left.  He had to go pick up his tuxedo for the dance tonight.  I’m sure he would have told you ‘bye’, if he hadn’t been running late.”
“He’s such a nice boy.  Well, I suppose you can’t call a high school senior a boy, now can you?”  Ms. Sutherland took a sip of her steamy cup of cider.  “So…the Homecoming Dance is tonight.  Are you still going with that Mike Riverside?”
“How do you know about that?” I asked uneasily.  Does the whole freaking town know?
“Your father mentioned the favor you were doing for your sister to me yesterday.  Sweet, selfless Shiloh…always trying to keep the peace,” Ms. Sutherland stated with a smile as she shook her head.  “Your name ‘Shiloh’ means ‘peace’.  Were you aware of that?”
“No.  I just thought I was named after that creepy old ridge behind our house,” I huffed.
“Why do you think that ridge is creepy?” she inquired.  “That’s one of my favorite places to go on my nature walks.  You can hear so many different kinds of birds up there.  A peaceful place and a beautiful name, for an equally beautiful girl…both inside and out,” her voice echoed through the kitchen.
I noted quietly, If you had been attacked by the fiendish, black haze that lurks up there, I’m sure you’d be singin’ a different tune.  I sat there listening to her words, but no matter how many times they lingered in my head, that “Y” I changed in my name wasn’t going anywhere, any time soon!
“What else needs to be packed?” I asked as I jumped up and grabbed a box from the countertop, clearly to avoid answering her question.
“Just a few drawers.  I’ve got a bunch of random things in them like tools, batteries…well, junk really.  They’re the ones closest to the door.”
I walked over and pulled open the first drawer.  She was right, nothing but a hodgepodge of miscellaneous items.
“Do you want me to separate each drawer, or put both of them into one box?” I questioned.
“Separate them, please,” Ms. Sutherland replied as she washed her hands and then began preparing two more cups of cider.
I dumped all the items into the first box.  Once it had been sealed and marked, I started on the last one.  I pulled open the remaining drawer to find a small black and red flashlight lying on top.  I glanced over at Ms. Sutherland, who had just finished pouring our drinks.
Now I’ve got her, I thought as I swiftly tucked the flashlight into the front pocket of my jeans and whipped my sweatshirt over the top of it.  I dumped the rest of the drawer’s contents into the box, taped it up, and marked it, “Kitchen - Miscellaneous #2”.
“All done,” I announced as I prowled back to the table and sat down.
In a stealthy fashion, I removed the flashlight from my pocket and hid it under the table.  I coughed slightly, to conceal the sound of me clicking it on.  As I watched her sip on her cider, I thought, She can’t talk her way out of this one.  If her eyes dilate one little bit, her goose is cooked!  Personally, I was praying for a telltale “squint & flinch” on the spot, ’cause I had one heck of a victory dance just itching to drop.
I waited until she lifted the hot cup of cider up to her mouth for a drink.  That way her “keen senses” wouldn’t feel any traces of heat coming from the light (precautionary measure, if it turned out she was being truthful).  She would simply feel the warmth coming from the hot cider hovering in front of her.  As soon as she lifted the strawberry adorned mug towards her, I quickly raised my arm and shined the flashlight directly into her left eye.  I waited for a few seconds, but it remained unresponsive and fixed.
Nothing, I quietly noted.  Her face didn’t even tilt an inch.  Disgusted and disappointed, I moved to her right eye.  Just like her left, it stayed completely motionless.
Damn… I was so sure.  I lowered my head in defeat, conceding that my theory had failed on so many levels.  Well, at least she couldn’t “see me”.  Ironically, as I sat there feeling like crap, Ms. Sutherland looked like she was about to burst with joy.
“Shiloh, now I know you told me that I couldn’t pay you, but I want to give you something…for your birthday,” she clarified.
I looked over at the trusting little old lady who seemed so excited about giving me a present.  Would she still feel the same way if she knew what I’d really been up to today?
“You didn’t have to buy me anything, Ms. Sutherland.  I wanted to help you.”  My insides were reeling with shame.  Ugh… Now I really feel like shit!
“I know that, dear.  That’s why I want to give you something of mine.  I didn’t buy you anything.  This is something I’ve had for ages, and now it’s time to be passed on…to you.”
Ms. Sutherland’s request seemed so sincere, and she spoke with such grave conviction that I felt even worse at the thought of denying her plea.  “All right,” I consented.
“Excellent!  Now, close your eyes, dear,” she softly commanded.
I closed my eyes and waited patiently in the silence of the room.  However, as composed as I may have seemed, my thoughts still dwelled on my actions from earlier and how undeserving I felt to receive any gift, especially one from sweet ’ole Bea.
I’d heard a soft tap, and the next thing I knew, Ms. Sutherland was guiding my hands towards the center of the table.  They landed on something small and firm.
“Open them up…if you haven’t already,” Ms. Sutherland added with a giggle.
A small box in the shape of an octagon lay under my hands.  It appeared to be very old, nothing like you would find nowadays, and crafted from a heavily-veined wood.  Delicate scrollwork filled the sides and covered its top.  Apparently, it was some sort of little trinket box.  I ran my fingers along its edges and smiled.  Maybe this was something she treasured as a little girl?
“It’s lovely, Ms. Sutherland.  Thank you.  I’ve never seen a box with this much detail before,” I raved.
Ms. Sutherland laughed. “The box is rather nice…but you have to open it to see the real gift.”
I gazed curiously at the tiny box, which didn’t have any visible creases to indicate where or how it opened.
“You’ll figure out my little puzzle box, dear.  I have faith in you,” Ms. Sutherland divulged as she sat back and took another sip of her cider.
I analyzed the box meticulously for the next few seconds.  Since this was a puzzle box, the opening wouldn’t necessarily be in the center or even close to its top.  I ran my fingers along the bottom of the small container.  As the tips of my fingers pressed against it, the base began to give a little.  I gave the bottom a firm push and then a small “pop” rang out.
“I knew you could do it!” Ms. Sutherland exclaimed proudly.
I lifted off its top and gasped straightaway.  Fastened to the wooden base and resting on a pillow of velvet was none other than the little golden topaz ring that once resided on Ms. Sutherland’s finger — the same one I’d adored as a child and still loved.  I was beyond surprised.
“Ms. Sutherland, I can’t accept this.  It’s way too expensive, and I know you love this ring.  I’m so flattered, but you shouldn’t do this,” I urged emphatically.
“Pish-posh!  I’m giving it to you, and you’ll accept it.  I won’t take ‘no’ for an answer.  How can you refuse a birthday gift from an old woman like that?”  Ms. Sutherland was taking a hard stance on the issue.
“But, it’s…your ring, Ms. Sutherland,” I pleaded as I glanced over at her bare ring finger.
She displayed both of her hands and wiggled her fingers.  “I have plenty of rings to go around.  I won’t miss it, and I want you to have it.”
I took a hold of her hands and stared at her other nine fingers that were smothered in ornate rings.  Some were just bands of various metals, while others displayed a variety of gemstones.  One in particular caught my eye.  It wasn’t really a pretty ring, per se, hardly as dazzling as her others.  It looked like a small cluster of greenish-gray rocks, fastened together like a strand of pearls, and the stones had a small pattern of irregular circles on them.  Suddenly, I caught an odd scent coming from that particular ring.  It smelled putrid, like charred flesh of some sort.  I pondered, What could cause a ring to smell like that?
Ms. Sutherland pulled back her hands hastily and placed them under the table.  She seemed a bit embarrassed or perhaps, startled.  Maybe those “keen senses” kicked in, and she smelled the odor herself?
“I don’t know… Wouldn’t you rather give it to a family member or something?” I questioned as I fiddled with my oval locket.
Ms. Sutherland appeared to have a twinkle in her aimless eyes.  “I don’t have any children, and I haven’t seen any of my sisters in years.  I’ve always thought of you as part of my family, ever since you were a little girl.  I know you haven’t come around here as much as you used to, but my feelings for you haven’t changed, Shiloh.”  Beatrix’s words were deeply touching and profound.  She could sense me starting to cave.  “Please, Shiloh…for me?  I’m getting older, and I won’t be around forever.  I want to know that it’s with someone who will treasure it as much as I have.”
That did it… “Guilted” again.  Though I was secretly thrilled at the idea of receiving my first “real” ring (my class ring didn’t count), I felt a bit solemn knowing she was giving up something she cherished.
“Of course I’ll accept it, Ms. Sutherland.”  I leaned over and gave her a long, affectionate hug, which she warmly reciprocated.  I mentally noted, For a little old blind lady, she sure does have strong embrace.
“Splendid!  Let’s get it on that finger, shall we?”  Ms. Sutherland felt around for the base that held the dainty golden topaz ring and unfastened it with swift precision.  I extended my right hand.  She held it in hers and responded promptly, “Oh no.  Give me your other one.  You should only wear it on your left.”
“Okay,” I replied indifferently, as I slipped off my Welch High School class ring and transferred it to the ring finger on my opposite hand.
I thought the only “ring wearing rules” applied to engagement rings and wedding bands.  Go figure?
I held out my left hand.  Ms. Sutherland quickly located the intended finger and guided the ring on gently without delay.  The round gemstone wasn’t placed in a traditional setting.  It was only secured on its sides by a narrow gold band.  Once in place, I felt a surge of euphoria throughout my body, almost like I was glowing, both inside and out.  I stared at the golden topaz, awestruck by its splendor.  Who knew a piece of jewelry could make you feel this way?
She took a deep breath and began to speak earnestly.  “May this topaz fill you with peace… Its hue unfailingly protect and conceal you from peril… And its brilliance illuminate you in your darkest of hours.”
Ms. Sutherland’s words sounded extremely peculiar.  I was left nothing less than wide-eyed and speechless by her ceremonious, and not to mention, bizarre manner of bestowing the ring.
Considering the events of the past few days, maybe there is someone crazier than me in town after all?
Ms. Sutherland was very observant to the stillness of the room.  “…and Happy Birthday!” she belted out in a zippy fashion and then placed my hands back on the table.
“Thanks, Ms. Sutherland,” I replied awkwardly.  Even I had to admit that the “thank you” I’d just given her didn’t sound very appreciative.  “I’ll never take it off.  Just like my locket,” I added with a smile.
Ms. Sutherland’s eyes narrowed.  “Really?  That’s nice, dear, but I’m curious… Have you ever wanted to take off your locket?”
What a strange question?  “No.  Not really.  It was a gift, from Char— um, my mother.”
“How do you clean it?” Ms. Sutherland probed.
I started to wonder if she was rethinking her gift.  “Oh, I always scrub it off when I’m in the shower, and I’ll be sure to clean this everyday too,” I insisted.  “I think Char— (I caught myself) — Mom, has a jar of jewelry cleaner on her dresser.”
“There’s no need to use that harsh stuff.  Cleanse it in some salt water every night.  Sea-salt is actually the best kind to use,” she instructed.
“All right.  Sea-salt it is,” I agreed firmly.
“Also, it wouldn’t hurt to let it catch a few moonbeams once a month, when the moon is full…just for good measure,” she added in a serious tone.
“Oookay,” I agreed uncertainly.
“Well, it sounds like my little baby has found a perfect new home,” Ms. Sutherland proclaimed with a face that shined brighter than any of the gems on her fingers.
I looked over at the strawberry-shaped clock above the refrigerator.  It was almost 3 o’clock, and since I still had a “good deed” hanging around my head like a noose, I really had to go.
“Ms. Sutherland, I need to be heading home now.  You know, ‘the favor’ I’ve got to do this evening,” I remarked, my voice laden with disgust.
“My, the day has gotten away from us, hasn’t it?” Ms. Sutherland replied as she whisked a few strands of slivery hair from her face.  “Thank you, Shiloh.  You were such a big help today.”
I smiled as I grabbed my jacket.  “It was my pleasure, and I’m sure Ty’s, too.”  I was just glad she didn’t know about the ulterior motive I’d had for coming by today.  Despite all of my failed attempts, my gut still churned with doubt.  But what business is it of mine anyway?  I swiftly gave her a big hug, followed by a kiss on the cheek.
“Thank you for my gift.  I really love it.”
“You’re welcome, dear.”  Ms. Sutherland gave my back a couple of affectionate pats.  “Oh, I almost forgot, and this is extremely important…for the ring’s maintenance,” she stressed.  I focused intently on her face as she continued to speak.  “Always make sure the stone touches your skin,” she insisted.  “It needs to—”
“Make a connection?” I interrupted.
“Yes!  Yes, dear,” Ms. Sutherland beamed.  She couldn’t have had a prouder look on her face even if she’d just identified every wild bird in the state of West Virginia by its song in under a minute.
“So I’ve heard,” I added with a grin as I thought about how loony it had sounded coming out of Professor Tanner Grey’s mouth yesterday.
I started to exit through the back door when a frightening image of that rattlesnake popped into my head.  I paused and spun around.
“I think I’ll go out the front… just in case.”
“You do that, dear.  Try to have a little fun at the dance, but be mindful.  I know your date leaves little to be desired, but I have a feeling tonight will be a…momentous one.”  Beatrix Sutherland’s grin widened as she sat back in her chair and finished off her cup of cider.
“I’ll try,” I called back as I stepped out of the kitchen and traveled down the hall.   It’ll be momentous all right, if Mike Riverside doesn’t end up in a body-bag by the end of the evening, I affirmed quietly as I opened the front door.
Once outside, I spotted Avery Mayfield being dropped off by his wife, Marsha.  I threw my hand up and waved as she pulled off down the road.
“Hey there, Shiloh.  Did y’all get a lot done today?”  Mr. Mayfield asked as he pulled up his trousers and tucked his plaid shirt in his pants.
“We did.  Everything she wanted boxed up is in there,” I replied as I guided him over to the rear of the bright yellow box truck.   He inspected its interior and turned to give me a “thumbs up”.
“Well, I’m off.  Nice to see you, Mr. Mayfield,” I called out as I headed to my car.  
“Um, Shiloh…Please say ‘hello’ to your mom for me,” he hollered out eagerly.
I stopped and spun around.  “Excuse me?” I snapped.  Maybe all of my suspicions about “someone-trying-to-be-deceptive” have been focused on the wrong person today.  I folded my arms and locked them at my waist.  “What do you mean, Mr. Mayfield?”
Avery Mayfield looked flustered and guilt-ridden by the way he was standing there nervously shifting his weight back and forth.  “Nothin’ much.  Just a little, ‘hi’.  I haven’t seen her since I, um…snaked her pipes a couple of months ago.”
My eyes blazed a hole straight through him.  Yeah.  I bet you snaked somethin’…  The image of Daddy finding out that Mom had been cheating on him infuriated me.  Not to mention poor Mrs. Marsha Mayfield.  I guess ’ole Charlotte’s talents aren’t just limited to being a bitch to me… Apparently, she’s the town whore, too!
Mr. Mayfield was having a hard time looking me in the eyes.  He lowered his head and started scanning around randomly.  He became fixated with something in the grass and jumped back.
“Speakin’ of snakes…Would you look at that thing over there!”  He hurried over to the gruesome carcass lying in the yard.  He inspected it for a second and then gave its body a nudge with his foot.
“It’s dead,” I assured him in a frosty tone.
Mr. Mayfield appeared amazed.  “That’s a big one!  How’d it die?” he asked, puzzled by the fact that it still had its head.
“Ask Ms. Sutherland,” I grumbled.  I didn’t want to waste my time giving him a detailed account of how “blind” old Beatrix Sutherland saved me and killed the giant rattlesnake “all by herself” — without decapitation.
“Dang!” Mr. Mayfield exclaimed as he shook his head and hurried towards the house to find Ms. Sutherland.
My eyes followed him, reeling with rage.  I looked up at the sky and clinched my fists.  How could she do this to Daddy?
I walked over to the rattlesnake and knelt down to get a better look at my freakish assailant.  Its head was enormous, and even lying there lifeless, its face still looked just as menacing.  My whole body shook as I thought about its sharp, venomous fangs sinking into my neck.
I noticed something unusual below its head, where its long scaly body started.  The snake’s scales looked discolored in one small, but noticeable spot.  Its skin was charred in some sort of tiny round pattern.  My nose caught a familiar foul stench.  It was the same one I’d smelled lingering around Ms. Sutherland’s hands, coming from that strange ring.  As I closely observed the peculiar burn markings on the rattlesnake’s scales, I realized they bared a striking resemblance to its shape — the same stone ring that was banded together like a string of pearls and smelled awful.
Interesting… Very interesting, I acknowledged.
I rose from the ground to the sight of Ms. Sutherland and Mr. Mayfield coming outside.  I hurried over to my car and hopped in for a speedy getaway.  I didn’t want to talk to or even look at Mr. Mayfield, and I certainly didn’t want to start interrogating Ms. Sutherland again.  Not after she’d given me such a generous gift and probably saved my life as well.
However, an evening in the ER would’ve gotten me out of going to the dance with Mike, I mused as I drove off.
As I approached downtown Welch, my mind kept mulling over the markings on the snake’s neck, as well as its questionable demise.  I’d been taught to grab a hoe and chop off its head.  I’d never heard of a snake being “strangled to death”, let alone squeezing it hard enough to leave an impression.  Besides, I still found it extremely odd that the dead snake’s body hadn’t twitched at all.  It was instantly limp.  Unfortunately, something in my subconscious had started to manifest — the strange coincidence of Mr. Estell and how in the heck a snake that size was hanging from a daggone tree.  Funny, I thought, that a freakishly large rattler and a possible snake-handler were both in the same place around the same time today… Really funny.  And I didn’t mean the Ha-Ha kind either.
I looked down at the steering wheel and gazed at the little golden topaz, feeling ashamed.  My suspicions were mounting against Ms. Sutherland — again.  Who I really needed to focus on was Charlotte, but I didn’t know when I should commence with my interrogation.  Before the dance?  After the Dance?  At my birthday dinner at Twin Falls tomorrow?  No time seemed appropriate, but I knew the subject would come up.  I shook my head.  Eventually…
Downtown Welch was hopping for a late Saturday afternoon.  I spotted several of my classmates walking in and out of Caroline’s Flower Shoppe while I waited at our town’s only official stoplight.  They were all carrying clear plastic containers that held either corsages or boutonnières.  I hope Chloe remembered to pick one up for Mike.  That wasn’t a part of the deal!
My stomach began to rumble, forcing me to acknowledge that all I’d thrown into it today was one blueberry pancake and a few cups of apple cider.  I pulled into Hardee’s, one of our few fast-food restaurants (aside from a Pizza Hut and a Subway), to grab a hot ham ’n cheese sandwich, curly fries, and a Diet Coke.  I still had plenty of time, so I just pulled over and ate it in the parking lot.  I was finished and back on Highway 52 within thirty minutes.  I glanced at my watch.  Almost 4 o’clock.  Why can’t tonight be “over” already?
I came to the fork on Highway 52.  No one was behind me, so I slowed to stop.  I could see Daddy’s truck sitting all by itself in the parking lot.  I felt bad because he had to work when everyone else in town was enjoying their Saturday Night.  But most of all, I hated that he wasn’t going to “see me off” to the dance.  I sighed and turned left up the mountain.  It sounded crazy.  After all, I had an ugly dress and an ass of a date, but a small part of me wanted to share that moment with him.
Well, It looks like we’ll both be miserable tonight, I thought somberly as I continued up the mountainside.
I sped up as I approached the ridge.  I drove swift and focused, hugging each curve.  I didn’t want to linger along that stretch of road, and the thought of having any car trouble made me sick to my stomach.
Within a minute, I spotted our weathered red mailbox up ahead and turned onto our gravel-covered drive.  I poked out of the car and all the way up the steps.  I still wasn’t in any hurry to get this evening started.  The front door flew open as soon as I landed on the porch.
“WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!?!  I’ve tried calling you all afternoon on your cell!” Chloe yelled, red-faced and furious.
“I forgot to charge it last night.  It’s not even 4 o’clock, Chloe.  Don’t have a conniption.  It doesn’t take me nearly as long as it takes you to get ready.  Oh, and by the way, thanks for the dress!” I sneered as I pushed past her.
“Mike will be here around 7 o’clock…to see me, of course.  He feels awful about the whole situation,” Chloe barked as she trotted up the stairs in a huff.
I seriously doubted that.  He’ll have plenty of time to sneak around with Kara.
“FINE!” I yelled.  “I’ll be ready whenever he wants to leave.”  I grabbed the cordless phone from off the table by the front door.  Katie had probably tried calling as well.  Charlotte heard the commotion and swayed into the foyer, clutching her wine glass.
“It’s about time you showed up!  Chloe couldn’t get a hold of you earlier.  I figured you were going to break the promise you’d made.”  She took a gulp of her wine and started to stroll into the living room.
A wave of anger shot through me like a runaway train.  “You should know all about breaking promises,” I mumbled under my breath as I made a break for the stairs.  She grabbed my arm and jerked me back.
“What did you say?” Charlotte grumbled.
This was a no-win situation.  Keep my mouth shut and let her get away with it, or let the shit hit the fan.  I couldn’t be the one to expose her indiscretions.  Daddy would be mortified.  Then again…maybe he knows?  The town isn’t that big.
“Nothing, Mother,” I replied.  “I didn’t say a thing.”
“I DIDN’T THINK SO!” Charlotte shouted as she flung her glass around, spilling wine all over the oriental rug.  She stammered into the living room growling, “Clean that up!”  Not only was my mother at her bitchiest tonight, she was well on her way to being three sheets to the freakin’ wind.
I clipped the cordless phone to my hip and stormed to the kitchen.  I returned to the foyer with a damp rag and dabbed the spot of wine from off the rug.  Thankfully, it wasn’t red.
With the mess now blotted clean, I headed for the stairs.  On the way up, my emotions got the better of me.  Out of the blue, I called out to Charlotte in my sweetest and most sarcastic southern accent.
“Oh, by the way… Coach Hayes wanted me to thank you for all of your help with the football boosters.  He said you were a ‘real treat’!”  My mother came stumbling back into the foyer, but I kept on my present course.
I continued up the steps and added, “And Mr. Anderson sent you a basket full of veggies yesterday to remind you of what good stuff you’ve been missin’, too.”  Chloe heard me talking and stepped out of her bedroom, just as I’d reached the second floor landing.
I spun around on my heel.  “And then just today, Mr. Mayfield wanted me to see if there were any other pipes around here that needed a good snakin’?”  I propped my hands on the banister and threw Charlotte a blazing stare.
“That’s so sweet of them,” my naïve little sister declared.  “Everybody loves Mom,” Chloe announced and then pranced off to her room.
My eyes never left Charlotte.  She said nothing.  My mother simply glared at me while she took another sip of wine and then staggered back into the living room.
I shoved open my lavender bedroom door and thought, See, now this would be the perfect time to be able to read someone’s mind!
I slammed my door and fell against it.  My back bumped all of its panels as I slid down to the floor.  All I could think was, College days can’t get here soon enough, as I punched in Katie’s number.  She answered on the third ring.
“Shi, where have you been?  I’ve called and texted you all day!”
I sighed.  “I forgot to charge my cell, so I just left it in my purse.”
“Do you need me to drive the getaway car?” Katie giggled.
“No.  I’m still going…but why didn’t you get a date, so we could double?”  I’d been so wrapped up in all of my drama over the past few days, it really hadn’t hit me that Katie wouldn’t be there.
Katie hesitated.  “As a matter of fact…Jason Woolfolk asked me two weeks ago, but I told him, ‘no’.  I figured you wouldn’t be going, and I didn’t want you to be alone.  I thought we’d spend Saturday night like we always do, watching movies at my house until dawn.”  Katie let out a subtle sigh.  “I found out yesterday that he’d already asked Cynthia Baldwin.”
I sprang to my feet after hearing I’d absentmindedly abandoned my best friend.  Ugh!  I felt horrible!
“I’m so sorry, Katie.  Now you’re going to be ‘alone’.”
“Don’t be.  He’s cute and all, but he kisses like a Hoover vacuum… I’ll let Cynthia deal with that.  Yuck!” Katie gagged.  “But…you can make it up by letting me come over to help you get ready,” she pleaded.  “It’ll be fun!”
“Don’t you mean hilarious?” I rebutted with a grunt.
“Well, that too,” Katie laughed.
“I don’t think so.  I’m in such a pissy mood.  I don’t even want to fix myself up for it, and there aren’t enough accessories in the world that’ll improve that ugly old rag of a dress.”  I walked over to my closet and listlessly pulled open the door.  I couldn’t even bear the thought of looking at it any longer than I had to, let alone wearing it for several hours.
Katie begged some more.  “Please, Shi?  Are you sure your bestest, bosom friend in the whole wide world — who’s going to be all alone tonight — can’t come over?”
I was amused by her attempt to play on my feelings.  My “bosom friend” knew just what tactic worked the best on me — guilt.
While I listened to her desperate pleas, I laid my cell phone on the dresser and hunted around for its charger.  That’s when I noticed something hanging on the back of the closet door.  I turned around curiously.  Dangling on the chrome hook was a long, ice blue garment bag stamped with the word, “Lavish”, in a bronze metallic script.  Lavish was a fancy boutique in Bluefield that carried extremely chic women’s attire.  There was a note attached to the hanger.

Happy Birthday, Shiloh
I love you too much
to have you go outta the house in
that ’ole yellow nightmare!
Try to have a good time.
I love you,  Daddy
P.S.-  If it’s not too much trouble,
have Mike drop you by
the mine after the dance.
I’d like to see you all gussied up!

Nervously, I unzipped the delicate bag.  The lower the zipper fell, the more I trembled.  I slipped out the garment and held it up in front of me.  There, hanging before my eyes, was the most stunning little black dress I’d ever seen.  It had a surplice bodice that cinched in at the waist and then flowed down into several shimmery, cascading layers.  It was short, but not too short.  The bodice was held by two black beaded straps, which gradually tapered around to the back.  As I looked down in the bottom of the garment bag, a white shoebox caught my eye.  I pulled it out and whipped off its top.  Resting inverted, under several layers of bronze metallic tissue, lay a killer pair of black stilettos — the most gorgeous ones I’d ever seen.  They were an iridescent black satin and embellished with delicate beads that resembled the ones fashioned to the straps on the dress.  To top it off, they fastened at the ankle with two grosgrain ribbons that had been shaped into a crisp black bow.
I breathed in a weighty gulp of air, completely floored by Daddy’s surprise.
“Shi?  Are you still there?  What’s going on?” Katie asked repeatedly after hearing my gasp.
Elated, I twirled around as I pressed the dress against me.
“Katie, bring every ounce of makeup you can fit in your bag and get over here — Like, yesterday!” I ordered.
“Really?” she questioned.
“YES!  You won’t believe what was hanging in my closet!  Apparently, I have a Fairy God-Father!  Just hurry.  I’m going to jump in the tub.”  As I hung the dress back on the closet door, I noticed my little golden topaz didn’t appear as sparkly in the light of my bedroom.
Maybe I need to shine it up with a quick salt-soaking?
“Katie, does your mom keep any sea-salt in her pantry?”  Katie’s mom, Julia Stowell, was one of the best cooks around.  Unfailingly, the television at their house stayed tuned to any of the numerous gourmet-cooking shows on the Food Network or the Cooking Channel.
“Yeah.  Why?” Katie asked, confused.
“Grab some and bring it over,” I insisted impatiently.  “I’ll explain when you get here.”
“Will do,” Katie agreed.  “See you in a sec!  Bye!”
“Hurry up!  Bye!”  As I ran down the hall to draw a hot steamy bath, I thought, Never would I have dreamed when I woke up this morning that I’d be this excited to get ready for a dance… Even one with a date like Mike Riverside!


Chapter  8  —  Revelations

Katie arrived just as I was getting out of the tub.  I hope she remembered to bring everything, I thought as I heard her racing up the stairs.  My best friend kept a treasure trove of various cosmetics in a hot-pink case that sat on her vanity.  She probably just grabbed it and split.
“Knock, knock,” Katie called out as she tapped on the bathroom door.  “Are you decent?”
“Yes,” I answered as I slipped into my robe and opened the door.  Immediately, I grabbed her by the arm and dragged her down the hall to my room.
“What’s got you so psyched all of a sudden?” Katie questioned.  “Don’t tell me that you’re actually excited about spending an evening with Mike?”
“Not exactly,” I replied as I locked my bedroom door.  Katie had a curious, but confused look about her.  “You’d better sit,” I ordered as I pushed her down on my bed.  “Actually, I’m excited about THIS…”  I ran over to my closet and whipped out the garment bag.
“Lavish?” Katie questioned.  “I thought your dress came from a consignment store downtown.   When did you buy something from Lavish?”
“I didn’t,” I sang enthusiastically as I flung the card over to her.  She read it silently.
“OMG!  How sweet!” Katie cried out.  “I guess it’s only fitting you have the best father in the world, since you’re stuck with the world’s worst mother.”  
“True,” I agreed with a proud nod.
“Open it up and let me see it!”  Katie urged, sounding just as excited.
I absorbed Katie’s expression as I revealed the magnificent little black dress.  It was like looking into a mirror.
“It’s gorgeous!” Katie squealed.  “You’re going to look soooo hot!”
I slipped the dress over my head, still hanging from its ivory satin hanger, and turned towards my full-length oval mirror.  Katie walked over to where I stood and gave me a hug.  She cocked her head and studied my reflection like a discriminating art critic.
“Boy, I sure have my work cut out for me,” she announced dryly, shaking her head.
I pretended to be offended and let out a fake gasp.
“Good thing I have a great canvas to work with,” Katie assured with a laugh and then got right down to business.
The next hour was spent drying, styling, and setting my hair.  Straight or in a ponytail was the scope of my styles.  Katie talked me into letting her use the hot rollers she’d brought along.  Once they had cooled, she yanked them out and started teasing it vigorously.  I half-joked that I didn’t want to look like I’d stuck my finger in a light socket.  I just wanted to be “on record” with that one.  Katie eventually had it all combed out and styled to perfection.  She passed me a large hand mirror and instantly, I was left speechless.  I never knew my straight dark-blonde locks could ever look this luxurious and thick.
“Do you like it?” Katie asked hesitantly.
“Oh, yeah…I’m just amazed,” I replied.  If the jewelry shop didn’t work out, she would have a career as a hair stylist waiting for her.
“Good.  Then let’s set it.  Cover your nose and mouth,” Katie requested as she sprayed my new “do” with a fine mist of hairspray.  Whatever was in that can remarkably added a shiny gleam to my hair and brought out the remaining strands of my fading summer highlights.
“Let me see your nails.  Hands and feet,” Katie demanded, sounding like a drill sergeant.  She looked down at my feet and shook her head in disapproval.  Then I extended my hands for her inspection.
“Yuck!  Those won’t do.  What have you been doing?  They look horrible!” Katie grumbled.
“I told you that I helped Ms. Sutherland today.  I’ve been wrapping, packing, and carrying boxes for the past several hours.  You know, there’s a lot more work involved with helping someone move than there is in unlocking a display case at a jewelry store,” I teased.
Katie let out a playfully arrogant, “Ha,” and went straight to filing.  She glanced over at the golden topaz ring submerged in a glass jar on my bedside table.  We’d mixed up the solution of sea-salt & water before she had started on my hair.
“I still can’t believe Beatrix Sutherland is moving.  I figured she would be one of those old timers who hung around and died right alongside Welch,” Katie commented.
“She just told me that it was her time to move on.  I think it’s good for her,” I replied casually.  Katie finished buffing my fingernails and then started on my toes.
“Well, I’m not staying around here the rest of my life, regardless of what my parents have planned.  If blind old Beatrix Sutherland can get out of here, then there’s hope for me, too.  I promise…my body will NEVER see the hallowed West Virginia earth!” she vowed adamantly.
Once Katie had finished buffing my feet, she picked up the jar and gave the ring a scrutinizing stare.
“My parents have never used sea-salt to clean any of their jewelry.  Just pre-made cleaners and occasionally a little Windex… Weird.”
If she thought that was weird, what would she think about the actual “bestowing of the ring?”  Granted, the sea-salt thing was “different” and her mention of moonbeams was truly “odd”, but what she’d said when she slipped it on my finger — now that was straight-up “crazy”.
Katie seemed obsessed with Ms. Sutherland’s gift.  “I still can’t believe she gave this to you.  It’s probably worth around seven or eight hundred dollars.”
I smiled.  “Oh, really?”  I’d gotten the impression that Ms. Sutherland valued it for more than just a “monetary amount”.  Clearly its worth was priceless — for sentimental reasons of course.
“Hmmm… I wonder if soaking my diamond in salt-water would work better than some of our cleaners?” Katie pondered aloud as she fiddled with her pendant.  She swirled the ring around in the jar and placed it back on the nightstand.  “I wonder where she bought it?” she questioned suspiciously.
“I think it’s an heirloom.  At least that’s the impression I got.”
Katie shook her head.  “Mom and Dad have never really cared much for her.  You know, all those rings she wears… Not one of them came from our store,” Katie added, sounding a bit miffed.
“I’m sure they were probably gifts or passed down to her,” I countered.  “How many jewelry stores have a huge patronage of ‘blind’ customers?  Seriously?”
Katie laughed.  “That makes sense…when you put it like that.”
Katie dropped my feet down onto the floor. “Okay, what color?”  She removed the top tray of her makeup case to reveal oodles of various colorful nail polishes.  I couldn’t decide.
“May I make a suggestion,” Katie interjected.  “How about this one?”  She pulled out an iridescent clear polish that had a golden sheen.  “It’s kind of neutral, but it’ll really show off your ring.”
She didn’t have to sell me on it.  I nodded and watched as she gave the bottle a couple of good shakes.  Katie threw a set of foam dividers in-between my toes, and within minutes, all twenty of my nails were painted to perfection.  I turned my hands outward and gave the tips of my fingers a lengthy, warm puff of air.
“They look great, Katie.  You’re a miracle worker.”
“Those should be dry by the time I finish with your makeup.  We don’t want any smudges on your nails…or on that dress,” Katie warned.
Katie positioned me with my back turned to the vanity.  I thought I’d felt her stare lingering over my brows a little too long, and I was right.  She quickly snatched a pair of needle-nose tweezers out of her make-up case.
“These are called tweezers,” my BFF enunciated like a kindergarten teacher.  “You can use them for other things than just removing splinters.”
“Really?” I mocked with a set of overdramatic wide-eyes.  Katie swiftly started plucking away before I could voice my concerns.  I just sat there quietly and prayed for no nicks and at the very least, that they would be even.  After a vigorous wiping, she then pulled out several slender tubes of foundation and mixed up a concoction in her palm like a chef would an award-winning recipe.  She dabbed a small amount on my cheek.
“Perfect,” Katie announced proudly.  In no time, she had whisked the creamy base over my entire face.  As soon as it had dried, she swirled a large brush around several times in a container and dusted my skin with a velvety powder.  Katie leaned back to assess her work.
“Now for the eyes,” Katie announced and then pulled out a large compact that looked more like an artist’s palette.  “I think we’ll go for smoldering,” my best friend cooed as she dabbed a small brush into various neutral hues — some light and shimmery, others dark and smoky.  She blended the freshly applied shadow with her fingertips and outlined my eyes with a soft black liner.  Then she twisted and twirled a mascara wand through my long lashes.
“Good thing I tweezed these brows,” Katie giggled as she swept them with a dark blonde pencil.  I rolled my eyes and shook my head, only to be scolded with a whack on the shoulder and a, “Stop moving!  You’ll mess me up!”
“Can I look now?” I begged anxiously.
“Not yet!” Katie barked.  “I have to add some color to your cheeks and lips, silly.”
I think Katie was enjoying torturing me with the suspense.  She chose a neutral lip liner and guided the soft pencil around my lips with the precision of a skilled surgeon.  She swiftly filled them in and grabbed a tube of lipstick.
“Sweet Cherry Pie,” Katie revealed as she brushed on the color with a Q-tip.  After a quick blot, she then topped off my lips with just a touch of sparkly gloss.  “Mike won’t be able to resist these,” she cracked.  I gave her a firm kick as I gently rubbed them together.
“Now, can I look?” I pleaded, my patience wearing thin.
Katie looked into my eyes, only to reply with a curt, “No.”  She whisked another brush over a matte coral powder and gingerly swept it across both of my cheeks.
Katie stepped back and smiled, admiring her work in a way only an artist would.  She started to swing me around towards the mirror, but she stopped abruptly.
“Wait,” Katie halted.
“What?”
“Put your dress on first.  Okay?  Just trust me,” Katie encouraged with a wink.
Katie handed me the stunning little black dress.  I stepped into it carefully and then had her zip me up.  Thankfully it felt tight enough around my bodice that a bra wasn’t needed (which was a good thing because I didn’t own a strapless one).
She tapped my shoulder.  “Don’t forget your shoes, Cinderella.”  Katie removed the black stilettos from their box and then set them down in front of me with a theatrical wave.  I guided my feet into the towering heels cautiously.  Once Katie had pulled the grosgrain ribbons into a taut bow, she hopped up and fished the golden topaz ring out of the jar.  She placed it on her pinky and waved it in the air as she handed it to me.  Slowly, I slid the dainty golden topaz on the ring finger of my left hand.  The strange words Ms. Sutherland had spoken when she’d placed it there earlier started to echo in my head.
“What about my class ring?” I asked.
“No.  Leave it,” Katie ordered.  “Class rings are so casual and common.  Just wear the topaz.  It’ll look more elegant by itself.  After all, you’re going to a dance, not a pep rally.”
That was blunt, but I suppose Katie knows what she’s talking about, I thought as I laid the “fake diamond” class ring down on my bedside table.
Seeing as how Katie had certain opinions about the dos and don’ts of jewelry, I couldn’t help but ask, “What about my necklace?”
Katie may have been quiet while she gazed at my little oval locket, but her discriminating verdict was clearly written all over her face.  She didn’t approve.
“You can wear it, if you want…but I wouldn’t,” Katie replied, trying not to sound too critical.
“Why not?” I asked, pretending to be offended.  “Is it too casual…or common?”
“It’s okay,” Katie insisted uneasily, trying to phrase her opinion as delicately as she could.  “I just think it takes away from the bodice of the dress.”
“Ooh… I see.”  I decided to take my joke a bit further.  “So, would a necklace still take away from the dress if it had a diamond on the end of it?” I posed mischievously and then gave her pendant a little flick.  I tried to suppress my giggles, but a few inevitably escaped.
Katie pushed my hand away.  “STOP THAT!  You’re sooo bad,” my BFF scolded, shaking her head and now looking the epitome of relieved.
“Honestly, Shi.  I like a bare neck with this dress,” Katie added seriously.  “Most people wear a lot of jewelry to enhance their appearance, but trust me…you don’t need to.”
Like in the cafeteria the other day, her comment made me uncomfortable, but I passed it off as my own quirky insecurity.  After all, I wasn’t use to making such a fuss about how I looked, not the way most girls did.  However tonight, I found myself truly enjoying it.
I smiled at Katie and respectfully announced, “I’m still wearing it.”
Katie smiled back and adjusted the locket on my chest.  “I understand why you want to wear it,” she conceded.  That was true.  We’d been best friends long enough for her to know what my locket really meant to me and why I would never take it off.
Impatiently, I stood there tapping my shoe as I stared back at her, waiting for her permission to turn around.  Katie looked at me cluelessly for a second.
“Well?  What are you waiting for?” she asked and then pointed towards the mirror.  “Look!”
I grinned and rushed over to my full-length mirror.  As soon as my eyes fell upon my reflection, I let out a huge gasp.  Considering all the times Katie and I had played “makeovers” throughout the years, I never would have dreamed that any one of them could have possibly turned out like this.  I never knew my almond-shaped eyes could look any bigger or bluer, or my lips any fuller.   I even discovered that I actually had cheekbones.  My skin glowed, and my chic new hairstyle was the perfect frame for her masterpiece.  My dress fit like a glove.  Daddy had done an excellent job picking it out (though I guessed he had a little help from one of the saleswomen).  My waist looked tinier, and as a bonus, the bodice made my boobs appear like they’d grown an additional cup size.  The overall length of the dress was perfect too, and my new stilettos elongated my toned legs quite nicely.  I extended my hands.  My polished nails gleamed with tiny gold flecks when the light bounced off them.  Katie was right.  The color really did set off my little golden topaz ring, without fail.  I stood there feeling flawless, absolutely flawless…for the first time in my life.
“You’re gonna get lipstick on your shoes,” Katie said as she pushed my jawbone up to close my gaping mouth.
I stood there silent and astounded.
“Shi, what’s wrong?  Don’t you like it?” Katie asked hesitantly.
I gulped.  “What’s not to like?  I just can’t believe that…that’s me.  I’m blown away, Katie.  Really blown away…”
Katie hurried over to my bedroom door and stepped outside for a quick peek.  She sauntered back into the room, grinning from ear to ear.  She directed her words to my reflection in the full-length mirror.  “If you can’t believe it, just imagine what the crowd gathering downstairs is going to think.”
We both looked at each other and smiled.
I turned to Katie and gave her a lingering hug.  “Thanks, Katie-Kate.”
Katie hugged me back with equal intensity.  “Anytime, Shi with a Y.”
Katie pulled her cell phone out of her pocket as she was leaving.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
“Going downstairs…to get ready for your big entrance,” Katie replied with a twinkle in her eye.
“Who are you calling?” I asked curiously.
“Nobody.  I need it to take some pictures,” Katie answered casually.
“Don’t take pictures of me coming down the stairs,” I pleaded.  “You know how embarrassed I get over stuff like that.”
Katie laughed.  “No, silly.  I’m taking pictures of Charlotte and Chloe.  I can’t wait to see the looks on their faces when they feast their eyes on you.  I thought I’d frame one for you — for Christmas.”  Katie was still giggling as she closed the door behind her.
I walked over to the window.  A blazing fall sunset was ushering in the twilight seamlessly.  The mountains looked like a shadowy backdrop against the vibrant sea of pinks, blues, violets, and orange hues swirling in the sky.  As giddy as what I felt right now, I couldn’t have asked for a more perfect sight.  Since my window faced the front of the house, I also got a good bird’s-eye view of our gravel driveway.  Daddy wasn’t kidding about having Samuel stand in his place.  Sure enough, there was my surrogate father’s old white Jeep parked out front, right beside Mike’s shiny red Camaro.
Suddenly, there was a loud pounding on my door.
“COME ON, SHILOH!” Chloe yelled.  “Mike’s here!  He’s ready to get this over with!”  I could hear her huffing and puffing all the way down the hall as I walked towards the door.
“I’M COMING!” I shouted back.
I hesitated and gave the doorknob a tight squeeze while Ms. Sutherland’s words floated through my mind.
Let’s see if this will truly be a “momentous night”.
I pulled back on the door and stepped into the hallway.  There was no one in sight.  My stomach began to flutter, so I took one prolonged, confident and deep breath and then slowly glided down the hall.
I stood at the top of the steps for a moment, trying to listen in on the conversations occurring downstairs.  Though the sounds were faint, they all seemed to be coming from the living room.  As I made my descent, my pulse quickened at the sound of every creaking step.  The further down I went, the clearer the voices became.
I overheard Mike telling Chloe, “We won’t be long at all, just an hour or so for appearances, for my mother.”
Perfect, I thought with a sigh of relief.  That’s music to my ears.
When I’d reached the bottom, I swung myself around on the banister and landed quietly on the oriental rug.  I tiptoed to the doorway of the living room.  Charlotte was standing over by the curio cabinet, pouring herself another glass of wine.  Chloe was sitting with Mike, all hugged up on the sofa.  I had to admit he looked nice in his tux.  It wasn’t a traditional black, more of a deep charcoal.  He was wearing his own boutonnière too — a single creamy white rose.  Katie had planted her rear on a nearby ottoman.  My BBF sat there watching them, rolling her eyes but “camera ready”, I observed.  I spied Samuel, the last member of my audience, lounging back in Daddy’s leather recliner.  Even he was shaking his head at the young lovebirds’ nauseating touchy-feely display.
Samuel noticed me first as I inched into the room.  He lifted himself out of the chair and smiled like only a surrogate father would — pearly-whites blazing and speechless.  Katie was next.  She grinned and turned her camera immediately in Charlotte’s direction.
“Don’t worry, Chloe.  He’ll be back before you know it,” I called out confidently.
The remaining trio, who were unaware of my entry, quickly followed the sound of my voice.  My eyes stayed focused on Chloe and Mike, but I kept Charlotte well within my peripherals.
Mike sprang off the sofa so fast that he almost knocked Chloe down as she attempted to follow his lead.  She couldn’t see his face directly, but I could — every inch of his stunned but sly little grin.  Chloe, bless her heart, looked as hot as a teakettle whistling on a stove. 
Charlotte, who was in the middle of pouring herself another drink, was clueless to the fact that her glass had been overflowing for the past few seconds.  She was totally stupefied.  My mother became aware of her mishap, once the wine had drenched her shoes.  And throughout my entire “what seemed like forever” fifteen-second entrance, the sound of little “clicks” coming from the camera on Katie’s cell phone roared through the room like thunder.
Samuel spoke up first.  “Never in my life have I seen a vision so lovely…and I’ve been around a pretty long time.  Your father’s going to be sorry he missed a sight like this.”
I responded with a timid smile that illuminated my embarrassed, freshly-painted face.
Mike was next.  “Shiloh, you look very—” Chloe interrupted his comment by grabbing his arm to give it a tight, twist & squeeze.  He got the hint and finished his sentence with a, “Very okay.”
A frigid hush fell over the room, but Katie was more than willing to break that iceberg.
“So, Mrs. Wallace?  What do you think of my work?” Katie asked with a grin so smug and bitchy a judge would have thrown up a perfect “10”.  Charlotte remained silent.  “Doesn’t she look fantastic?”
Charlotte knew all eyes were on her, but when you’re the reigning drama queen of the house, you tend to utilize moments like these to your advantage.  She placed her wine glass down on the curio cabinet and prowled closer.  My mother slowly circled me with a bitter swagger, like a lion taunting its prey.
Charlotte stopped directly in front of my face.  “My, my, Katie.  Aren’t you a talented girl,” my mother announced while her icy blue eyes never broke their contact with mine.  She took a step back to get a good look at my new dress.  “Shiloh, I thought Chloe and I already picked you up a dress.  Katie didn’t need to bring one for you to borrow.  Go upstairs and change into it, so you can give hers back,” my mother demanded.
“That’s not my dress, Mrs. Wallace,” Katie assured her.  “It was hanging in her closet when she got home.  It was a surprise birthday present — from her dad.”
I was the only one who could see Charlotte’s expression.  Her heated stare grew more intense by the second, causing her nostrils to flare.
“I thought your father was just running a simple errand to Bluefield this morning.  Your gift must’ve slipped his mind,” my mother grumbled.
Apparently it had turned out to be more of a pissy surprise for her.  I knew Daddy and I would both pay for it, too.  I’ll probably need to make up the sofa for him tonight, I deduced as I watched Charlotte staggering back to retrieve her wine glass.
Chloe still hadn’t spoken a single word to me.  She just let out several, “Ughs” and grunts directed towards Charlotte, but that was the extent of it.
Samuel took my hands in his and twirled me around.  “Lovely, just lovely.”  Samuel shot Mike a stern look as he pointed to his own eyes with two of his fingers, and then back over to Mike with just one.  My date immediately started to shift around nervously.  I bowed my head slightly to hide my grin.  Daddy would have been proud, though I thought his hostile gesture was a bit over the top.  Samuel was intimidating enough without it or his double-barrel shotgun (which thankfully he’d left at home).
Mike cleared his throat and tried to compose himself as best he could.  “Shiloh, are you ready?” he asked and then looked at Chloe.  “We really need to get going.  Um, My mom is probably wondering where I am,” Mike added, flashing his watch.
“Sure,” I replied nonchalantly.
Eyes blazing, Chloe looked over at me and then at Mike, repeatedly.  It was like watching an irate spectator during a tennis match.  The next thing I knew, my dramatic little sister had thrown her arms around Mike and locked him in a tight embrace.  She then forcefully planted an over-the-top kiss on his lips, which left the strapping quarterback wide-eyed and desperate for air.  I’d honestly seen him less blindsided and winded from a daggone “sack”.  I bit down on my bottom lip to hold back a laugh.  SERIOUSLY!  He was going to a dance with her sister, at her request — not off to war!
Katie sprang from her seat.  “Wait!  You need a clutch,” she insisted.  “For your lipstick and stuff… Like mints.”  Chloe’s head whipped around and glared at Katie on the spot.  Even I thought that last crack was WAY out of line, but Katie simply stood there with an innocent, doe-eyed look on her face.
“I don’t have one.”  I turned to Chloe.  “Do you have one that would match?”
“I sure don’t,” my little sister snapped.  I figured my request was a long shot, but at least her silence broke.
Charlotte had just finished gulping down her drink.  “Call your father.  See if HE has one for you,” she cracked.
Katie intervened.  “Mrs. Wallace, don’t you have a cute, sparkly black-beaded clutch?” she inquired.
Charlotte’s eyes said “yes”, but the word that crossed her lips was “no”.
Katie waved her hand and continued, “Oh, sure you do.  Remember last December?”  Charlotte’s eyes began to glaze as she shook her head.
“The Beckley Country Club?” Katie posed confidently.
Charlotte was drunk, but she appeared to be in deep thought.
“I was over there with my parents attending a Christmas party in one of their banquet rooms.  I went into the restaurant and saw you and Carter Allen walking out…together.  You had it then,” Katie claimed with a smile.  “Is this ringin’ any bells, Mrs. Wallace?”
My mother’s eyes shot open in one big, busted blink.  No one uttered a single word while we all stared at Charlotte, waiting for her reply.  I felt another surge of anger trying its best to consume me as I added one more name to my growing mental list of man-whores.  Charlotte surveyed the various expressions in the room.  Samuel threw her a repugnant look as he crossed his arms, Chloe appeared clueless to Katie’s shrewd insinuation, and poor Mike just looked confused.  Mine was simply one of disgust and anger.   I’d already hinted my suspicions to Charlotte earlier.  She knew exactly what I was thinking.
Charlotte looked like she was trying to construct her words carefully.  “Oh, yes.  I remember now.  I’d just run into Mr. Allen and was chatting with him.  You know, he’s a real talker and always so polite.”  She scanned the room for a reaction.  “You must be mistaken though, I don’t remember carrying a purse like that.  I barely even remember the incident.”
“You don’t remember the one you dropped when Mr. Allen was helping you put on your coat?  When you two were leaving?  He picked it up and handed it back to you.  You know, you’re right.  Mr. Allen is polite — a real gentleman,” Katie added with a deliberately arrogant nod as she crossed her arms, proving to be a very challenging adversary in this little cat & mouse game.  I was actually surprised she didn’t yell out a victorious, “checkmate”.  Just as Katie started to open her mouth again, Charlotte quickly cut her off.
“It’s in my closet.  Just hurry up and get it,” Charlotte ordered peevishly.
Since my mother always kept her bedroom door locked, she was forced to pull the key out from her secret hiding place (the inside of her bra).  Katie strutted over and snatched the tiny gold key right out of her hand.
“Thanks, Ms. Wallace,” Katie beamed.  Not a second later, my best friend grabbed my arm and tugged me towards the back of the house.  As we turned the corner, Charlotte rushed over to console Chloe, who still looked fit to be tied.
Katie inserted the key and turned the tarnished brass knob.  The room was a total mess.  The bed hadn’t been made, dirty clothes lay scattered everywhere, and the room was littered with empty wine glasses.
“I see why she keeps it locked,” Katie cracked.
“She’s not one for cleaning,” I confirmed.  “She doesn’t like anyone in here, so let’s just get the purse and go.”  I was ill at the thought of lingering around her sacred domain for too long.
Katie and I headed for the closet door.  She stopped abruptly in front of Charlotte’s long, mahogany dresser.
“Hold on a sec… We forgot perfume,” Katie remarked as she pointed down to the countless number of bottles lying on a crystal tray before our eyes.
“She would be so pissed if I used her perfume,” I replied, as if she didn’t realize how crazy her idea sounded.
Katie shot me a lax look. “Do you REALLY care?”
I didn’t give it another thought.  “Not really,” I giggled, giving her antsy little hands the go-ahead.  Katie started rummaging through all the various aromatic fragrances, trying to decide which one would be the perfect scent.
Suddenly, I felt the abrupt nip of a cool breeze and followed its chilly trail over to an open window.  To my surprise, perched on the windowsill was my feathery little friend, the falcon.  I bent down and carefully moved my finger towards it.  The falcon didn’t seem as placid as it had been earlier and flew off straightaway.
I smiled and joked to myself, Maybe it has a dance to get ready for too?
After a little more shifting, Katie gasped and grabbed a teensy-weensy bottle hidden amongst the clutter of fragrances.  “I can’t believe she’s got…THIS!” she exclaimed.
I rarely wore perfume, and mine was limited to whatever I could pick up at the local drug store, so I didn’t have a clue as to why Katie was making such a fuss.
“What’s so special about that one?” I inquired as I inspected the tiny fluted crystal bottle that boasted a red-jeweled cap and featured a small golden “R” secured by a fancy red and gold tassel.
“Oh, it’s just about a thousand dollars — an ounce!” Katie explained, still blown away by its presence.
I puckered my lips and belted out a sharp whistle.
“It smells different on everyone.  I think it’s supposed to have pheromones in it that drives men crazy, and it’s blended with real rubies.”  Katie held the delicate crystal bottle up to my eyes and pointed out the tiny ruby chips floating around the bottom.  “See them in there.”  Katie shook her head, still looking dumbfounded.  “My mom doesn’t even have a bottle of THIS,” she scoffed.
I watched the delicate ruby fragments swim gracefully within in the bottle.  Before I knew it, Katie had removed the tiny red crystal stopper and swept it across both of my wrists.  She guided one of them up to my nose.
“Smells good, huh?” Katie posed.
I had to admit the fragrance smelled heavenly.  It possessed a delicate and sweet florally bouquet with an undertone of some exotic-scented spice.  But what I found even more intriguing was that each time I took another whiff, I detected a slightly different aroma coming from the blend, followed by an overwhelming surge of energy that pulsated through my body.
Weird.  “What’s it called?” I asked.
“It doesn’t have an actual name,” Katie answered.  “It’s imported from India and just goes by its signature initial ‘R’ that’s attached to the bottle.”  Katie pushed back my hair.  “Here… Let me dab some on you.”  She gently lifted up my necklace and proceeded to apply the intoxicating fragrance around my neck, all along my skin where the chain would lay.  She then swept the applicator’s crystal tip downward, trailing a path towards the center of my chest.  I halted her hand, just shy of my cleavage.
“What are you doing?” I asked cluelessly.
Katie tried to contain her giggles.  “Well…You don’t know what that hound-dog waitin’ for you out there is bound to sniff out tonight,” she teased.  Impulsively, I smacked her shoulder.
“Easy now — I don’t want to spill it on your dress,” Katie chuckled and quickly capped the cologne with its ornate topper.  “Let me go see if I can find that clutch.”  She handed me the delicate crystal bottle and then disappeared into Charlotte’s long cedar-lined closet.
After giving the ruby chips one more swirl, I placed the bottle back down on the tray and joined Katie in her search.  My determined BFF was rooting around in the closet, shifting Charlotte’s things like she was on a sandy beach in search of buried treasure.  From out of nowhere, I felt a slight twinge of heat radiating around my neck and down my chest.  Oddly, the warm sensation seemed to be intensifying.
Katie stood up on a few stacked containers and located the clutch, lying on an upper shelf.  “Found it!” she called out.
I wasn’t paying much attention to her discovery.  My focus was directed towards the peculiar burning sensation now singeing my skin.
It couldn’t be the cologne, could it?  My wrists aren’t burning.
Katie noticed my discomfort.  “Shi, What’s wrong?”
I started to tell her when I spotted a very familiar envelope that had slid forward and was now dangling on the edge of the shelf.
Are my eyes deceiving me?
“Move, Katie.  Let me up there!” I snapped, ignoring the pain.
Katie hopped off the makeshift stool.  I balanced myself carefully on the toes of my new stilettos and climbed onto the containers.  I grabbed the yellow envelope off the shelf.  My worst fears were confirmed, and my rage overcame any physical pain I was feeling.  It was addressed:

University of Tennessee

One of my college applications.  The same one I filled out and placed in the box at the end of our drive to be mailed two months ago.   Not only was I crushed, but extremely livid!  My eyes began to well with tears, so I took a deep breath in an attempt to dissolve every last one of them before they could escape.  It was painfully evident.  There was no surprise birthday dinner planned and most assuredly, no trip to tour any colleges — not after this discovery.
“What is it, Shi?” Katie asked.
I flipped the envelope around for her to see.  “One of my COLLEGE APPLICATIONS!” I fumed.
Katie’s mouth flew open.
I looked towards the rear of the shelf where I spied another manila envelope sticking out from behind some bags.  I pushed everything off in one guided swoop.  There, securely tucked away, were more 9 x 12 mustard-colored envelopes — in fact, every damn one of them!
“What a heartless bitch,” Katie mumbled, her voice shaky and solemn.  “I’m so sorry, Shi.”
I stood there in a surreal trance and slammed my clenched fists on the shelf.  I couldn’t have been more furious if I tried.  I stared at the envelopes and thought about all the time I’d spent filling them out, as well as all the hard work I’d done my entire life to keep a 4.0 GPA — just to have my mother try to destroy my dreams with one calculated, callous act!
Katie helped me down and pleaded, “Please don’t cry.  She’s not worth it.  You’ll mess up your makeup.”
I shot her a blank stare.  I knew she was just trying to comfort me in her own way, but I was inconsolable.  This was a new low for Charlotte, even in light of her recent suspected indiscretions.  Rest assured, I wasn’t about to let one tear smudge an ounce of her work.  I wouldn’t give Charlotte the satisfaction of crying over this.  I was more concerned about how to get bloodstains out of an evening dress.
We heard Charlotte’s voice trailing down the hallway.  “What’s taking SO LONG?” my mother barked.
I took a deep breath to compose myself and collect my racing thoughts.  “Just go, Katie.  I need to handle this…myself.”
Katie hugged me and then raised my chin up with her hand.  “I’m going to throw a few things in your bag, okay?”
I nodded inadvertently as she dawdled out of the closet.
Quickly, I collected all the envelopes Charlotte had mischievously hidden and placed the evidence behind my back.  Now that the initial wave of anger had passed, I was reminded of the burning pain encircling my neck, which was becoming unbearable at an alarming rate.
Charlotte entered the bedroom in a huff and demanded, “What are you two doing in here?”  Katie breezed past my mother, ignoring her question and not even acknowledging her with the slightest look.  Charlotte’s gaze followed Katie as she disappeared down the hall.
“What’s your little helper’s problem?” she fired out.
My neck may have been killing me, but the rest of my body was numb.  My emotions were raw, almost primal.  They could only be settled by one thing: an answer to my only question — WHY?
“Wait a second!”  Charlotte ran over to her dresser.  She started pilfering through her fragrances.  Charlotte raised her head and began sniffing the air around her.  “Is that PERFUME I smell?” she roared.
I walked slowly over to the dresser.  Not even my stilettos made a sound.
“You have a lot of nerve, Shiloh!  I only let you in here to get that damn purse to shut your little friend up, and then you take something that doesn’t belong to you when you invade my bedroom!  Those are MY THINGS!   My private, personal things!   You obviously don’t have a clue about what privacy is!”
The sheer irony of her words forced me out my trance.  I tossed the envelopes on the dresser, right beside her precious fragrances.
“So?” I began gruffly, “Do you want to be the pot or the kettle?”
Charlotte’s mouth flew open.  She knew I’d stumbled upon Charlotte’s web of deceit.  Like a coward, she turned and headed straightaway for an escape.  I never thought I would ever grab someone with the amount of force that I used on her, but I gave her arm a tight squeeze and yanked her back to where she was originally standing, in front of the evidence.
Any ounce of fear she may have had a moment ago subsided.  She raised her head to reveal a conceited smirk as she jerked her arm from my grasp.
“WHY!?!”  I slammed my hand down on the dresser, rattling everything on it.  “Tell me why you did this?  You know how important college is to me!  Why would ‘a mother’ EVER do something like this to their daughter?  TO THEIR OWN FLESH AND BLOOD?”
Her smirk turned into a horrible scowl.  Charlotte leaned closer.  Her face was now merely inches from mine.
“I want you to listen to me closely, because I won’t waste my breath saying it again,” Charlotte announced in a cold, bitter voice.  “I did it because I honestly don’t wish or want one good thing for you.  I never have…and I never, EVER will!”  The words that came out of her mouth were so sharp and frigid that I stared blankly at her for a moment, trying to see if the bitch actually had icicles dripping from her teeth.  To drive her point home, she flicked the oval locket that lay atop my fiery skin.  Shrewdly, she stepped back to assess the emotional damage from her cruel and cutting words.
And there it was — my answer.  I think deep down inside I’d always known how she really felt.  Her heartless behavior over the years was evidence enough, but hearing her true sentiments roll off her wicked tongue just validated it and oddly, was helping to set my feelings free, almost like a magical spell had been broken.  As heartbroken as what someone would think I would’ve been at this moment, strangely, “emotional” pain was the last thing on my mind.  I found myself focusing on the excruciating pain burning my skin, rather than the gouging my heart had just received.  The gold chain felt like a circle of fire engulfing my neck.  I stepped back to catch my breath while I fanned myself, feeling like I could break out into a feverish sweat at any second.  I grasped the mahogany dresser and found myself kneeling down to brace myself, trying to block out the agonizing pain.  A revelation surfaced.  Everything in my life that was causing me pain had to go!
I grabbed my little oval locket and gave it a hard yank.  I felt a small cut on the back of my neck as its chain snapped.  The pain around my neck was starting to subside, but in an odd twist, my hand started to feel warm.  I rose up and threw my treasured locket down on top of the envelopes.  It represented the idea that my mother had some shred of love in her heart for me.  Now that I knew it was only a far-fetched fantasy my mind had concocted — there was no need to fuel the delusion anymore.
“TAKE IT!” I shouted.  “It means NOTHING TO ME!  It’s just a broken promise of your love.  A constant reminder of broken promises and lies dangling from my neck like a noose!  But you know all about broken promises — don’t you, Charlotte?  Or did the minister leave out ‘forsaking all others’ during your wedding vows?”
Charlotte eyes were blazing.  She started to speak, but I quickly cut her off.
“SHUT UP!  You don’t get to say anything.  Not right now!  Just save it for my ‘special birthday dinner’ tomorrow night.”  I picked up all the manila envelopes and threw them in the air.  “Or better yet, you can spill it when we’re on our ‘trip’ — TOURING COLLEGES!”
I gave my neck a quick rub as I looked into the mirror above the dresser.  It felt amazingly better.  I was surprised there wasn’t even the hint of a rash, let alone any noticeable discoloration.  My skin felt great and most important, my mind felt clearer, especially after giving Charlotte an earful.  Now, I just had to work on my heart.
I pushed past her forcefully.  “Excuse me!” I called out.
Charlotte demanded, “Don’t you dare walk away from me!”
I swung around in the doorway.  “I’m sorry, but I’ve got a promise to keep.  We all know Mike can’t show up to the dance by himself.  Chloe can’t have that.”  I started to head down the hall when the red-suited devil perched on my shoulder willingly routed me back to the bedroom.
“Oh, and don’t worry, Charlotte.  I’ll make sure Mike has a very good time,” I vowed with a wink.
Charlotte’s bottom lip dropped like a sack of wrenches.  She charged towards me in a fit of rage, but unfortunately for her, I managed to slam the door shut and lock it before she could reach the threshold.  I jerked the tiny key out of the hole and hid it in a basket of magazines that sat under a nearby table.  I heard her cussing all the way down the hall.
I flew into the living room and seized Mike’s arm.  “Let’s go!” I demanded as I pulled him towards the front door.
“Where’s Mom?” Chloe questioned.
I nodded my head towards the direction of the master bedroom.  Chloe charged back there like a flash of lightning.
Katie quickly caught up with us outside and handed me the little black clutch.  “Here’s your purse.  I put a few things in it for you.  Are you okay?” she asked, stunned by my abrupt departure.
Samuel rushed over, looking even more bewildered.  “What’s wrong, honey?  You seem upset.  What happened back there?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.  I have to go!”  I tried to make a dash for Mike’s Camaro, but Samuel stepped in front of me, blocking my path.
“Did you and your mother get into a fight back there?” Samuel asked.  I turned my head to avoid any damning eye contact.  “And where’s your little necklace that you love so much?” he continued to question.
Katie looked at my neck.  “Yeah.  What hap—”
I interrupted both of their interrogations.  “I took it off, OKAY?” I snapped.  “It means nothing to me.  Not anymore!”
The sound of Mike’s engine revving soon filled the awkward and silent lull floating around our huddle.  I looked at Samuel’s stunned expression and softened my tone.
“Katie will fill you in, Samuel.  I’ll call you later, Katie.”
I turned and staggered along the rocky gravel drive.  Mike had gotten back out of his car to open the passenger-door for me.  I’d never seen him display this sort of gentleman-like decorum towards Chloe.  I shook my head and let out a laugh as I climbed into the shiny red muscle car.
You’ve got to be kiddin’!
I felt like a caged tiger while I sat there, confined in the cramped interior of his car.  So many emotions were raging all at once, but “love” was certainly not one of them.  Charlotte had seen to that when she attempted to sabotage my plans for college.
I kicked the floorboard and let out a grunt.  No wonder I haven’t heard from any of the Universities I’ve sent applications.  They never left the damn house!
Mike opened his door and started to climb in the car.  Samuel detained Mike with a simple tap on his shoulder and began laying down the law to my “date”.
“I don’t know what just happened in there, but I want to make something clear to you, young man.” Samuel instructed.  His voice was eerily thunderous and intimidating.  “You take care of Shiloh… Do you understand me?”
Mike appeared skittish and very quiet.  Samuel’s role was starting to get on my nerves.  The only father I needed right now was my real one.  I looked through the driver-side window to see Samuel tormenting Mike with his most threatening stare.
“That’s enough, Samuel,” I called out.  “I’ll be fine.  I can take care of myself.  Get in the car, Mike!”  I slammed myself back against the leather seat and impatiently stared straight ahead.
Mike slid inside, looking a bit shaken.  Samuel tapped on the hood of the car and made his “I’m watching you” gesture, one last time.  For Mike to be such a young cocky jerk, he sure seemed rattled by a man well into his 50’s.
I snapped my fingers beside his head.  “Are you going to put this car in gear or should I?” I asked directly.
With a telling grin and a sly arch of his brow, Mike took a hold of the gearshift and not a second later, we were bumping along the gravel drive.  I tilted my head towards the side-mirror to catch a glimpse of Katie and Samuel as we pulled onto the road.
I really shouldn’t have snapped at them like that.  They didn’t do anything.  I stared aimlessly at the trees passing by as we zipped down the curvy road.  Well, this evening has been “momentous” so far…
As we hugged the road alongside Shiloh Ridge, an odd feeling came over me.  Maybe it was because of all the crazy things that had happened over past few days (at the rate I was going, surely there would be more momentous things to come), or maybe it was because he was driving slower than I would’ve preferred along this creepy damn ridge!
“Speed up will you,” I demanded.  “I um, don’t want us to be late.”  With that, his sly grin stretched even wider as he punched the gas, and we shot down the mountain in record time.


Chapter  9  —  How About That Dance ?

My heart was still racing by the time we’d reached the bottom of the mountain.  I tried to pass it off as Mike’s jerky high-speed drive, but I still found myself wound tighter than a daggone banjo string, and I knew the real reason why.
Ugh!  I need to calm down!  But after considering who was sitting to my left — on top of every-freaking-thing else — that seemed like an unrealistic possibility!
The ride had been relatively quiet so far (with the exception of Mike trying to pick a song).  I wasn’t the least bit interested in making any casual conversation with my date anyway.  I was content quietly replaying the past few days over and over in my mind and brooding about how my simple “normal” life had taken a terrible turn for the worse…and it all started after having that godawful dream!
I’d heard the thoughts of a strange man in my head, as clear as a bell… I even doubted the blindness of a sweet old lady that I’d known for years who just today, had kept a gigantic rattlesnake from trying to have me for lunch… And that miraculous act paled in comparison to the falcon that saved me from having my neck rung by an unimaginable cloud of evil black smoke the freakin’ day before…  I’d swear Professor Tanner Grey was sort of stalking me… And if he wasn’t, Mr. Estell sure as shit was… Charlotte was screwing half of Welch behind my unsuspecting father’s back… My spoiled-brat-of-a-sister and witch-of-a-mother conned me into going to the Homecoming dance with a jerk… And then to top it all off, I just found out that the bitch had purposely tried to wreck my college plans by sneaking out to the freaking mailbox and removing all of my applications before they were picked up by the postman…
Who does that kind of crap to their own daughter?  UGHHH… How did things get so DAMN SCREWY?
Mike waited for some cars to pass before turning onto the highway.  I looked over at the mine.  It appeared to be abandoned, with the exception of my father’s navy blue truck sitting in the parking lot.  The little girl inside me needed her daddy, but he had absolutely no idea what had been going on with me.  I hadn’t divulged any of my problems to him because I figured he had enough on his own plate, what with the mine and his questionable job security.
I tapped Mike’s arm and pointed to the mine.  “Daddy wants you to drop me off at the mine after the dance.  He’ll take me home.”
“I can take you home, Shiloh.  It’s no trouble.” Mike insisted, rather eagerly.  In fact, eagerly enough that I got a sneaky suspicion he may have other reasons for wanting to “take me home”.
Oh, pleazzze, I groaned as I propped my head up against the window.  “Daddy wants to see me all fixed up in the outfit he bought me.  You know, before I go home and take it off.”
Mike appeared deep in thought as he sat there simply nodding, while a funny-looking grin curled the corners of his mouth.
Maybe I should have phrased that better?  I’d hate to read his mind and see what sick mental image he’s just conjured up in that perverted head of his.
“Mike?  Did you hear me?” I asked suspiciously.  He didn’t acknowledge my question.  I smacked his shoulder.  “MIKE?”
“Oh, yeah.  Sure,” Mike announced as he emerged from his daydream.  Unexpectedly, my delusional date threw the car into “park”.
“Why did you do that?” I quizzed.
“I need to get something,” Mike replied as he reached over, down towards the floorboard of my seat — right between my legs.  My hands flew up and blocked him before he could lean any further.
“What in the hell are you doing?” I demanded with a gruff glare.
“Sorry… Chill, okay?” Mike laughed and threw his arms up in the air.  “Could you reach under your seat for me?  Please?  There’s something under there I need.”
I rolled my eyes as I felt underneath the seat.  They soon narrowed when my hands located the object.  I didn’t have to see it to know what it was.  I shook my head and pulled out the container.
I held up the ornate whisky flask and sneered.  “Really, Mike?  This is what you ‘need’?”
“I brought it because I wanted to catch a little buzz, but I think you’re the one who needs it,” Mike replied confidently, “…to take the edge off of whatever just happened back there.”
I laughed.  “You think liquor solves problems?”
Mike looked genuinely concerned.  “No… But it’s been my experience that it sure can make you forget about them for a while.”
I had to admit his offer sounded very tempting, and I needed to relax.  Everyone and everything around me had my nerves tied up in knots.
“Just take a sip or two.  I promise.  I won’t let you get hammered.  I’d hate for your Dad to kick my ass when I drop you off tonight.”
This was a side of Mike that I’d never seen before, but my skepticism couldn’t be denied.  Is he trying to genuinely console me or does he just want to get me drunk?
“I swear,” Mike vowed and raised his hand like a Boy Scout.  “We’ll just have a few sips before the dance, and then I’ll leave it in the car.  Shiloh, my mom’s a chaperone.  I can’t show up drunk to the dance — not with her there.  I may act like I don’t give a crap most of the time, but I’m not crazy.”
With that taken into account, I found myself seriously starting to mull over the idea while I inspected the elaborate container.  The intriguing bottle wasn’t made of glass.  It was actually an opulent bronze flask featuring a label that had been carved straight into its metal and hand-painted in various eye-catching colors.  It read:

Emerald Eyes Whiskey

Instead of a plastic lid, a striking bronze topper embedded with a sparkly green crystal lay at its top, sealing its contents.  It was really dazzling — too fancy to be just a cap for a bottle of whiskey and decorative enough to make a piece of jewelry out of it.
“Where did you get this?” I asked curiously.
Mike had a sneaky grin on his face.  “Actually, one of the guys from Xcavare dropped it by the house today, as a gift for my father.  He wasn’t home, so the guy left it with me.”
“Don’t you think your dad will miss it?” I posed with a doubtful laugh.
“Nope.  Look… The top screws on.  There’s no seal.  I’ll replace it with some of his other whisky from his liquor cabinet and show him ‘his gift’ in the morning.  He’ll never know the difference.  He’s way to tight to ever buy something like this.  This stuff is so expensive and extremely rare.  I read where they only make around a hundred of these bottles a year.  Hell, Shiloh… That’s a real emerald on top of there!”
I had to admit I was quite impressed with Mike’s plan and very intrigued by the flask in front of me, as well as its contents.
He unscrewed the jeweled cap.  “Ladies first,” Mike insisted as he pulled onto the highway.  “Just take a few sips…to help you relax.  We’ll be at the dance before you know it, and I’ll cut you off.  Then you can use some of those mints Katie threw in your bag,” he joked and gave me a nudge with his elbow.
Now normally I would never submit to peer pressure.  However, as bad as what the past few days had been, I rationalized that there wasn’t any possible way they could get any worse — even if I did catch a buzz.
What the heck, I thought as I threw back the bottle to take a sip.
The whiskey was surprisingly sweet.  The only alcohol I’d ever tasted was some hot beer at a pool party two years ago, and it was downright nasty.  However, this stuff was as smooth as silk and incredibly delicious.  I started picturing all the grimaces people would make in the movies whenever they took a hard shot of whiskey, but my face never flinched.
Mike’s cell phone rang.  He started talking to someone in a very hushed manner.  It was obviously Kara.  Poor Tyler, I thought as I took another swig.  He deserves better than that little slut.
The closer we got to our high school, the more anxious I became about having to give the bottle of Emerald Eyes back to Mike.  I found myself unable to stop drinking it.  As soon as we started up the hillside drive that led to the upper parking lot, I took “one more sip”, and then another one, and then yet another.  I couldn’t even cut my own self off!
Before I knew it, Mike was off the phone and had whipped into a parking space.  I gave the bottle a light shake and thought, Oooh crap…
“Okay, hand it over, Shiloh.  The bar’s officially closed,” Mike joked.
As soon as I handed him the flask, he threw it up to his mouth.  I flinched and waited for his predictable response.
“Son-of-a-BITCH!” Mike cried out within seconds and swiftly looked over at me. “You drank the WHOLE FREAKIN’ THING!”  Truthfully, he looked more shocked than angry.
I was appalled after hearing Mike’s confirmation.  “Well…”
“Crap, Shiloh!  You’re going to be stinking drunk — not to mention sick,” Mike declared as he nervously ran his hands through his hair and started rubbing his head.  “If you get busted, don’t tell ANYONE what you drank or WHO gave it to you, understand?” he ordered, sounding all in a panic.
“I feel fine.  Really.  Look, I’m sorry, Mike.  It was just so sweet and smooth.  It didn’t taste like alcohol at all.  Maybe that’s why I didn’t realize how much I’d drank?”
I honestly did feel bad about downing all the whiskey.  I didn’t even share a drop of it with him.  He was right.  I would probably end up embarrassing myself by dancing on a table or worse — clinging to a damn toilet.  I suppose I’ll deserve it.
“I’m sooo glad you liked it,” Mike snapped.  “You may be ‘fine’ now, but wait about thirty minutes — then tell me how you feel!”
“Mike, are you sure there was even alcohol in it?” I questioned.
Mike tossed the empty flask under his seat and hopped out the car.  “I wouldn’t know, Shiloh — I didn’t get to taste it!”  He walked around to my side and opened the door.  “Come on.  I’ll have to baby-sit you for the evening.” 
A blast of cold air hit me when I took Mike’s hand as he helped me out of the car.  I’d left in such a hurry that I forgot to grab a coat.  I shivered as I looked up at the dark, starless sky.  To my sheer surprise, a flake of snow drifted down and landed on my shoulder.  It was the first snow of the season.  The first snow was always the most exciting, like seeing a long lost relative.  However, a few weeks of steady visiting left you wishing every last speck would go away — and not return for another year.
“I didn’t know it was suppose to snow tonight,” I said aloud, still amazed.  I held my hands out to catch a few more falling snowflakes.  It was really starting to come down.
Mike seemed puzzled as he looked up at the sky and then all around.  He took a hold of my hands and looked straight into my eyes.
“Shiloh…it’s not.  It’s not snowing.  What are you talking about?” Mike quizzed skeptically.
I jerked my hands away and looked at him like he was crazy.  “The snow that’s coming down,” I replied as I pointed up to the puffy grey clouds.  My joyful expression hardened.  Suddenly, I realized there weren’t any puffy clouds and not a speck of snow to be found.
Where did it go?  I wondered as I desperately searched all around for the glistening white flakes.  Strangely, they weren’t there anymore.  The only thing I saw was Mike, who looked worried.
“Shiloh, there’s no snow.”  Mike shook his head and slapped his hands on his legs.  “You’re drunk!”
I turned and stormed off.  “I know what I saw…and I’m NOT drunk,” I called back as I hurried towards the brown and gold gymnasium doors.  He was right on my tail.
Mike caught up with me, just as I was about to enter the building.  He placed his hand over mine, pressing it against the door handle.
“Don’t run off, Shiloh.  You have to stay focused.  My mom is on the other side of this door.  If she finds out that her underage son stole his dad’s whiskey and got his underage date drunk at a school dance, I won’t have to worry about the school suspending me.  I’ll be at McDowell County Hospital having her foot removed from my ass!  Then, when I get out of the hospital, she’ll take that Camaro she allowed my father to buy me and run over me with it — for humiliating her!”
I glared back at him.  “I told you Mike.  I’m not drunk!  I’ve gotten a buzz off a few beers before, and I know what it feels like.  This is different!  I’m not going to say it again.  So, shut up and open the door!”  As mad as I was at him for not listening to me, I took pleasure in the fact that there was someone Mike Riverside feared more than anything — his mother — and with good reason.
Mike released my hand and leaned closer.  “We’ll see.  But remember, Miss Honor Roll, you’ll be in as much trouble as I will.  Tell me, Shi?  Do they list suspended for drunkenness at a school function as an ‘achievement’ or under ‘extracurricular activities’ on a transcript?”
That was a cold slap of reality.  That’s true.  Something like that would look pretty damning if it found its way into my school records, but there’s one tiny fact he’s forgetting… I’M NOT DRUNK!   Though Mike was standing right in front of me, I leaned closer.
“Open.  The.  Door.  NOW!” I grumbled, hoping my neurotic date had heard me this time — loud & clear.
“FINE!” Mike barked back, looking as jittery as a cornered mouse.
Mike grabbed a hold of the handle straightaway, but oddly enough, the same door that had always been painted in our brown & gold school colors appeared to mysteriously turn red — right before my disbelieving eyes.  Baffled by the door’s inconceivable color change, I turned towards Mike, who was staring right back at me with a foreboding look on his face.  Once I’d realized he was probably standing there thinking I was about to do something stupid, I shot him a glare and turned to face the entrance.  I started to head inside when a couple of gold crepe streamers floated out the door, forcing me to take pause.
“Any day now,” Mike scoffed.
Disgusted, I attempted my entry again as another long streamer flew out the door.  However this one swiftly changed into something else — A RATTLESNAKE — and it looked even more menacing than the one at Ms. Sutherland’s house!  Startled, I gasped and deftly ducked out of its path.  Hunched on the ground, I whipped around to see nothing more than a scrap piece of streamer lying on the concrete walkway.
My mouth fell open.  WHAT THE HECK? I thought as I stared at the harmless wad of crepe paper.  Mike hastily snatched my arm and pulled me into the gym.
“Come on, Honor Roll.  I don’t think it got you,” he cracked.
My head remained turned, never breaking eye contact with the gold streamer as we entered the building.  What’s going on?  Didn’t he SEE that thing?  He sure didn’t act like it…
Still locked in a haze of confusion, Mike led me through a maze of decorations and numerous couples standing around.  I twitched every time a streamer scraped my arm.  He gave me a firm nudge and pointed to a set of wooden doors that led to the gym floor.
“Time to put your game face on, Shi,” Mike advised.  His mom, Elisa Riverside, was standing there greeting all the students before they entered the gym.
“Come here,” Mike ordered and pulled me towards him.  In fact, a little too close.  My brow rose, and I pushed him away without hesitating.
“What do you think you’re doing?” I grilled.
“Relax.  I’m trying to smell you…your breath, to see if you smell like an Irish pub,” he clarified.
That sounded reasonable.  I did just throw back a whole flask of whiskey.  It had to have left some sort of scent on me, though I couldn’t smell it.  Like a bloodhound, Mike inhaled a deep breath from where he stood to see if he detected anything.  Then, he leaned in to smell the air flowing from my lips.  Mike hovered in front of me while he took a few more inconspicuous sniffs.  I was feeling extremely uneasy about his actions.  There were too many people staring at us.  It sure-fire looked like Mike Riverside was trying to kiss his girlfriend’s sister.
“Hurry up,” I whispered.
As he lingered around my lips, I noticed Tia Bentley pointing us out to her boyfriend, Chris Bell, one of Mike’s teammates.  The more looks we got, the more frazzled my nerves felt.  It seemed like it was taking an eternity.  The next thing I knew, Mike started descending inch-by-inch down my neck.  I stepped back right before he reached my bosom.
“Do you smell anything?” I asked gruffly under my breath.
Mike gazed into my eyes, almost like he was in a trance.  “Yeah,” he replied in a slow, strange voice.  “Um, I smell…you.”
Oddly, Mike’s bewildered stare had shifted into a weird sort of aching-look.  I snapped my fingers in front of his face.
“Anything ELSE?”
Mike looked down at the floor and then shifted his gaze back to me.  “Nothing.  I can’t smell an ounce of alcohol on you…not anywhere,” he mumbled.
“That’s a relief,” I replied.  As we moved closer to the entrance, I began to wonder why I didn’t reek of liquor?  I didn’t smell like it, and I didn’t feel the slightest bit drunk.
Maybe it wasn’t liquor at all?  But if it wasn’t whiskey, then what the heck did I drink?  And why am I “seeing things” that aren’t there?  Or are they?  I hadn’t connected those dots.  I figured it was simply one more crazy thing to add to my list, which seemed to be growing at an alarming rate.
Mike squeezed my hand to get my attention.  We were next in line to enter and there was his mom, Elisa Riverside, looking quite the epitome of style herself.  I wasn’t a fashion guru like Katie, but I did know Chanel when I saw it.  Her classic, ivory-colored bouclé chenille suit hugged every curve of her svelte figure while all those swanky, strategically-placed double-C golden closures screamed, “Kiss my buttons!”  She didn’t look her age (not by her face anyway), but her hair was another story.  Elisa Riverside’s sleek, shoulder-length black tresses were subtly kissed with several bluish-gray strands that honestly appeared rather striking.  I’d heard that she originally hailed from somewhere in Massachusetts.  Mike’s father had met her on one of his business trips to Boston.  They married and she moved to Welch within a few months, so the story goes (and yes, Mike came along five months later).  Regardless of her small-town surroundings now, Elisa Riverside exuded sophistication.  Normally, I wasn’t the slightest bit intimidated by someone like that, but tonight was a different story.  I was already unhinged from the imaginary “streamer snake”, and I could’ve sworn that I’d seen it snowing outside.  I’d also begun to wrap my head around the idea that I may not be drunk — but I quite possibly could have been drugged.  I just hoped my condition wouldn’t be that obvious.
Elisa Riverside hugged Mike and then turned to me with a glowing smile.  “Oh, darling.  She is so lovely.  What’s your name, dear?  Michael didn’t tell me who he was bringing.”
I’ve lived in this town for eighteen daggone years as of tomorrow and seen Mrs. Riverside at countless town and school functions (not to mention, at every company Christmas Party since I was five), but clearly she didn’t recognize me.
Offended and yet slightly flattered, I replied, “Shiloh Wa—”
Mike interrupted, “Washington… Shyla Washington.”  He squeezed my hand, blatantly signaling for me to comply with his fabrication.
Now I was ticked.  What’s wrong with my name? (Ironic, me asking that question)  I have to admit, “Shyla” doesn’t remind me of Shiloh Ridge, but “Washington”?  What gives?
Elisa Riverside leaned in to whisper, “I think you have the most beautiful date here, darling.  You two make a charming couple.”
I looked at Mike, who was beaming from his mother’s praises.  I could’ve thrown up in my own mouth at that moment.
“See, everything worked out for the best,” Elisa Riverside insisted to her son in a low whisper.  “Now aren’t you glad you didn’t have to take that little tramp you’ve been running around with?” she added with a haughty nod.
And there it was — a typical case of wealthy parents thinking no one is good enough for their son.  Mike gulped so hard I thought he’d swallowed his tongue.  He didn’t know what to say, especially when I turned to stare at him all pissy-eyed, waiting for his response.  Granted, Chloe had always been a little brat to me — but she was still my kin.
I laughed away any anxiety I had about Mrs. Riverside as I suppressed all traces of my native West Virginia dialect and called my finest uppity-accent to arms.
“He is Mrs. Riverside!  We’ve been having the most divine time.  Your son is so fortunate to have you for a mother.”  I batted my eyes over to Mike, who was starting to break out into a cold sweat.  “I just wish I had a mother half as wonderful as you.”
I thought quietly, Maybe Mike and I have more in common than I thought?  I bet we could sell Charlotte and Elisa as a set…
We were being motioned forward by one of the teachers.  “It was a pleasure to meet you!” I called back to her.  “And I promise…as long as we’re together, I’ll make sure girls like that Chloe Wallace keep their trashy little paws off him.”  Mike was tugging on my arm, but I jerked out of his grasp and leaned closer to Mrs. Riverside.
“They’re always looking to land someone rich by getting knocked up.  You know how hard it is to plan for a shotgun wedding,” I whispered and threw her a sly wink.  I could tell I’d struck a little pay-dirt by the tense glaze building in her eyes.
“We’re holding up the line, Shyla.  Come on,” Mike urged, desperate to shut me up.
I smiled and patted his cheek as he yanked me towards the entrance.  I discreetly slammed my heel on his foot and turned back to his mother.
“If you ask me, whether they get married or not — they’re still bastards,” I added and then turned away from a stunned Elisa Riverside to give Mike a quick nod.
“Trust me.  That wasn’t the whiskey talking,” I grunted as we entered the gym.
Serves her right, I thought.  I couldn’t care less if Mike was mad or not.  If he felt anything, it should’ve been “shame”.
“I’m sorry, Shiloh.  That’s how she is.  No one’s ever good enough, and no one meets her expectations.  But I was surprised…”
“About what?” I questioned in a snarky tone.  “That she didn’t recognize me as one of those gold-digging Wallace-girls?”
“No, Honor Roll…that she seemed to like you.  She’s never acted like that before, not towards any girl I’ve ever introduced to her.”
We soon found ourselves standing in front of a brown and gold balloon-covered archway where our principal was announcing the attending couples names.  Arm in arm, we passed through the showy canopy.  My senses stirred at the sight of our run-of-the-mill gymnasium that had been miraculously transformed into an impressive and festive space.  Tons of balloons had been attached to the walls and columns, while miles of crepe streamers blanketed the room in perfectly placed patterns.  Miniature white lights adorned anything that was standing still.  The tables were elegantly draped in white linens accented with brown and gold satin trim, and they were all topped with floral arrangements that coordinated with the room’s color scheme.  And for a finishing touch, various decorative accents had been strategically positioned around the gym that featured banners, pompoms, and of course, loads of footballs.
I tilted my head towards the ceiling.  A myriad of colored spotlights flashed randomly while a large mirrored disco ball hanging over the center of the dance floor flooded the room with swirling specks of light.  My ears vibrated to the beat of Lady Gaga’s latest song as we walked down the small stairway.  It looked like almost the entire Senior and Junior classes were in attendance.  They were all dancing, sitting and chatting, or making-out in the dimly lit corners of the room.
My eyes may have been captivated by the gym’s ambience, however I noticed instantly that everyone else’s seemed fixated on me.  We reached the bottom of the steps to find a crowd of Mike’s teammates swarming around us.
“Is that you, Shiloh?” almost every one of them asked.
I simply nodded and kept relatively quiet.  Several of his buddies even made a few perverted gestures, giving Mike their stamps of approval.
I let out a deep sigh.  Jerks.  Their dates kept telling me how nice I looked.  Some were so shocked they couldn’t believe it was really me.  It was flattering, but it made me think, How crappy do they think I look any other time?
With her crown perfectly positioned in a poof of red hair, Kara Leighton pushed her way through the crowd, heading straight for Mike.  In a blatant attempt to snag his attention, she pressed her breasts (which were falling out of her red sequined dress) onto his chest and supplied him a provocative peck.
“Now I know you aren’t going to refuse the Homecoming Queen a dance, are you?” Kara asked Mike as she ran her fingertips all along the edges of his crisp white bowtie.
Though her performance was amusing, I still felt bad for Ty.  Why is he dating such a slut?
“Maybe later, Kara.  I just got here with Shiloh.  You know, my date,” Mike announced uncomfortably as he removed her hands from his chest.
 “Shi’s not really your ‘date’,” Kara laughed and threw in a dismissive wave.  “She won’t mind.”
I tried to contain my giggles as I maneuvered behind her.
“Where is she anyway?” Kara asked.  “Did she bring some books and run over to a table to study?”
She was laughing pretty hard at her own joke, but soon noticed that no one else around her had even cracked a smile.  I tapped her on the shoulder.  As she turned around, I greeted her with my demurest of looks.
“Hi, Kara,” I said sweetly with a few bats of my eyes and a cutesy little twist.
“SHI?  Is that…YOU?” Kara choked out in a gasp.  Clearly she was shocked, but as her eyes narrowed, I picked up on something else.  As shiny as what that garish red-sequined dress was, all I could see staring back at me was the color green.
“In the flesh,” I replied as I slowly raised my arms and commenced with a showy twirl.  I figured a little fun was in order.  Payback for all the times she had stuck me with her messes at the Drive-In.
Kara looked over at Mike, who I could tell hadn’t taken his eyes off me (which I still found bizarre).  She straightened her crown in a huff and then mobilized a smirk so catty it practically hissed and screamed, “meow”.
“It was really nice of Mike to bring you to the dance.  You’ve never been to any school dances, have you?” Kara probed.
“No,” I replied curtly, waiting to see where she was going with her question.  Oh yeah, I could smell it.
“Well, it was very considerate.  You never told me that you liked dances, Shi.  If I’d known, I could’ve found SOMEONE all these years to take you to at least one of them.  I wouldn’t know myself, but I’m sure it must be awful sitting at home every weekend — all by yourself.”  She turned to Mike and added, “That was really charitable of you.”
The expression on my face remained still while I listened to the sound of several “ooooo’s” echoing through the crowd of classmates gathered around us.  I stared back at the prissy little bitch, mentally noting that she looked like a shiny pageant-reject turned hooker, what with all of those blinding red sequins blazing.  Not to mention, the tacky tiara sparkling around a bad, brassy dye-job.
“Kara, now that is a beautiful, bright dress.”  I circled her and looked all around the bottom of it, squinting my eyes.  “Where on earth do you have it plugged in?”  Several chuckles ensued around our now heated huddle.
“Yes… I’ve been told I really light up a room,” Kara quipped as she flicked a clump of red hair off her shoulder and tightened her smug smile.
Kara was really full of herself this evening.  Her highness was playing her role all right — always trying to be the center of attention.  I watched as she fiddled with her crown and randomly waved to classmates who were calling out congratulations to her, left and right.
A festive bouquet full of various fall flowers lay in the bend of Kara’s arm.  I found myself strangely fixated on it, not able to look away.  While the group of couples lingered around us, my ears began to muffle out the sounds of their chitchat.  Suddenly, the lively room became still, almost lifeless.  Now, the only sounds I heard were the somber strikes of a piano being played somewhere off in the distance.  A lavender spider mum caught my eye.  I reached over and pulled the frilly flower out of what now appeared to be a large floral arrangement that sat atop a marble pedestal.  The lights around me were shining brightly, like the warm sun during the middle of the day.  Even stranger, I noticed a medley of colors flickering and dancing on my hand like a kaleidoscope.  I pulled the mum closer and twisted it under my chin for a moment.  The flower petals felt soothing as I twirled its stem, allowing them to caress my skin.  Then from out of nowhere, a growing sense of anguish began to churn inside me, unlike anything I’d ever experienced.  It felt like my heart was being slowly ripped from my chest while my stomach ached with a horrid feeling of emptiness.
Abruptly, the soft and solemn sounds of the piano music stopped.  The next thing I heard was Kara’s voice yelling out at me.
“Excuse me!” Kara snapped as she snatched the spider mum out of my hand.  “What do you think you’re doing to MY bouquet?”
I stared back her, utterly confused.  WHAT just happened?  The bright lights had faded, and the baffling dream-like image was gone.  Now, the only thing that lay before my eyes was a very ticked-off redhead, waving a bunch of flowers in my face.
Quickly, Mike pulled me off to the side.  “So?  Do you still feel like singing your, ‘I’m not drunk’ tune?” he posed.
I snapped out of my daze and jerked my arm from his grasp.  “I told you… I’m not drunk,” I mumbled under my breath, even though I wasn’t quite a hundred percent sure myself.  It appeared that I’d experienced some sort of strange vision.  But oddly, the horrible feeling that lingered in the pit of my stomach was still there.  It wasn’t a physical pain, more of an emotional one, like my body was being engulfed by waves of sorrow and despair.
“Who’s DRUNK?” Kara belted out as she pushed her way over to us.  Mike glared at Kara and “shushed” her immediately.  That only fueled the Homecoming queen’s curiosity.  She pointed to me.  “SHI?  Shi’s drunk?  You’re kidding?” Kara chortled.
“Not so freakin’ loud, Kara!” Mike scolded.
“I’m sorry,” Kara insisted as she tried to muzzle her laughter.  “I’m just shocked that the biggest goody-goody in our class is…lit!”  With that said, the little witch started cracking up again.
I ignored her, mainly because I was too busy trying to catch my breath from the suffocating feeling of sadness rising from my gut.  I pressed on my belly and took a few deep breaths while Kara and Mike eyed me nervously.
“You’re gonna be sick, aren’t you?” they both asked, almost like they already knew the answer.  Mike seemed genuinely concerned.  Kara’s only sympathetic gesture was to put her hand up to her mouth.  She just looked queasy.
“NO!” I snapped and straightened myself up.
The pain was intensifying.  My eyes scanned around the gym, desperately searching for the closest exit.
“Excuse me,” I blurted as I pushed past them and hurried to the ladies room.
To my disappointment, Coach Hayes was standing in front of the door I needed to pass through.  He was one of the chaperones working the exits, looking for any kind of suspicious activities.  The egotistical coach didn’t seem too interested in the comings and goings of any students at the moment.  He was too busy admiring that diamond-studded trinket of his, obviously reminiscing about the good ’ol days (before the steroid-bust).
I attempted to rush past him, lowering my head to avoid any eye contact with the jerk.  Coach Hayes snapped out of his daydream and threw his hand in front of the door.
“Not so fast, young lady.  I have to stop all the students coming in and out of the halls to check for drugs and alcohol.”
“I’m just going to the ladies room,” I replied with my head still down.
“Oh, you came here with Mike.  You’re his date,” Coach Hayes confirmed.  “Boy, you two make a good lookin’ couple.  What’s your name, honey?”
You’ve got to be kiddin’, I thought as I raised my head.  Once his eyes focused in on my face, I knew the exact second he recognized who I was.
“Wallace?  Shiloh Wallace?  Is that YOU?”
“Can I go now?” I snapped as I glared back at him.  He stepped out of my way not a swift second later.
“Hey — Did you remember to thank your mother for me?” he called out abruptly as I pushed open one of the doors.
I stopped and gave the metal push bar a tight squeeze.  In my mind, it was his neck.  “No,” I replied as I whipped around.  “I didn’t get a chance.  She’s been in and out of the house so much lately.  If she’s not over at Mr. Anderson’s feeling which of his vegetables are the firmest, then she’s having Mr. Mayfield snake her pipes.  But I promise, if I don’t catch up with her, I’ll have MY FATHER relay the message — Will that suit ya?”
To my delight, the loudmouth coach seemed to be at a loss for words while he wrestled with an unnerving case of the jitters.
I stormed into the hall.  That should give him something to really worry about!
There weren’t too many people on this side of the building, just a few students returning to the gym.  When I passed by a janitorial closet, I heard a few sounds coming from behind the closed door.  It sounded like things crashing to the floor, followed by a few intense muffled grunts.  I rolled my eyes as I headed for the ladies room, which was up ahead on the right.
Several girls were strolling out as I entered.  All of them asked, “Shiloh, is that YOU?”  I ignored their questions as I rudely pushed by them and bolted into an empty stall.
I locked myself inside and tried to catch my breath.  The wretched feeling in my gut had started to subside, but I found myself still nervous and starting to get a little light-headed.
What the Hell was in that bottle?!?  I should’ve known better than to drink anything like that!  Ugh… Especially if it came from Lazarus Xcavare!
As soon as I’d calmed down, I exited the stall.  There, under the harsh bright lights of the ladies room, an idea took form.
Maybe I should check my motor skills, just to see how bad off I am?  I started thinking about all those cop reality shows Daddy and I had watched in the past.  That’s what I need… A field sobriety test.
I threw my clutch on a shelf underneath one of the mirrors.  I looked down at the tile on the bathroom floor.  I found a starting point and proceeded to follow one of the long grout lines that extended all the way to the other side of the room.  Even in stiletto heels (that I was in no way accustomed to) my gait was perfect.  I didn’t stumble or stagger one bit.
I thought about all the other drills the officers would ask their suspects to perform.  They always check how mentally alert they are with their ABC’s.  I started reciting them forward and then backward.  They sound fine to me.
Suddenly I jumped, startled by the sound of a toilet flushing.  One of the doors flew open.  Haley Hicks bolted out of a stall, avoiding any eye contact with me.  She hurried to the sink, washed & dried her hands, and then quickly blew past me.  She opened the door and paused, just long enough to turn back and shoot me a “you’re so weird” look.
I thought I was alone in here.  Oh well… That’ll be a good one to pass around.
I walked over to a mirror hanging above one of the sinks.  There’s that touch your nose thing.  Focusing on the center of my face as I looked at my reflection, I lifted my right hand swiftly, and with accurate precision, it landed perfectly on the tip of my nose.  I tried my other hand.  Without fail, it did the same.  My hand-eye coordination seemed fine.
I shrugged my shoulders and then reached for the soap.  Drunk, unlikely… Crazy, probably.
I gave Katie’s work a quick check in the mirror as I washed and dried my hands.  Everything still looked perfectly intact, so there wasn’t any need to freshen up a thing.  I started to grab my purse from the ledge under the mirror when I noticed my vision blurring.  I wiped my eyes carefully and checked my reflection again.  As I gazed into the mirror, an image of a woman began to emerge, but to my astonishment — it wasn’t me.  It was the kind, old face of Beatrix Sutherland.
Mystified, my fingertips traced every line on her face.  She was smiling and as always, her eyes were haphazardly shifting around without any guidance.  My fingers circled her chestnut brown eyes.  Several strands of silvery hair had fallen onto her forehead.  I reached for the stragglers in an attempt to brush them back into place.  Then, from out of nowhere, a third-eye “popped out” and revealed itself abruptly — smack dab in the middle of her forehead!   It was a blazing gold color, as intense as her little topaz, and appeared just as glassy.  It certainly wasn’t like her other two eyes.  This one was contracting with the light and seemed to be focusing on me, following my every movement.  This eye wasn’t blind at all.
Aghast from the startling sight, I accidentally stumbled backward and crashed into the stalls.  The vision of Beatrix Sutherland started to fade, and by the time I ran back to the mirror, it had disappeared.  My image was the only thing left in its reflection.  I grabbed hold of the wall-hung sink as I slid down to the ground, tears welling in my eyes.
“WHAT’S HAPPENING TO ME?” I cried out fearfully.  Am I crazy?  Do I have some sort of freakin’ chemical imbalance?  If that’s the case, there’ll be no college for me.  The only institution I’ll be attending won’t be one of “higher learning”!  My mind scrambled for any traces of mental illness in our family.
I jumped at the creaking sound of the bathroom door opening.  Some girls were wandering in giggling, so I promptly sprang up, dabbed my eyes with a tissue, grabbed my clutch, and then rushed out into the hall.
I wandered sluggishly back to the gym.  The janitorial closet door opened and two adults emerged, adjusting their clothes.  I thought they were teachers, but I didn’t even pause for a second to see exactly who they were.  I couldn’t have cared less.  Why should I question the crazy acts of two random people, especially when my own “sanity” is in doubt?
I pushed my way through the huddled mass of students gathered around a stage sitting in front of the dance floor.  Mr. Harless was preparing to announce the Homecoming King.
I wonder who that will be…
I made my way over to the punch bowl to grab a drink (which I downed in one gulp).  Couples began to swarm the refreshment table, so I scanned the gym for a place to sit.  I just wanted to be left alone — not to be bothered by anyone, anything, or any vision.
As I maneuvered through the sea of tables, I spotted Kara Leighton standing beside our principal on the stage.  Mr. Harless began to announce, “This year’s Homecoming King is…none other than our own Golden Knights quarterback, Mike Riverside.”
A ton of cheers erupted and a thunderous roar of claps filled the gymnasium.  Surprise, surprise, I thought.  Mike hopped up on the stage.  He smiled, but oddly, he didn’t look too eager to get his crown.  What gives?  He just stood there scanning the crowd, not paying a bit of attention to Kara.
 “Now,” Mr. Harless added, “It’s time for our queen and her newly crowned king to lead us off with a dance to a song by The Righteous Brothers, which has been played for this very occasion, every year since I was a senior here in 1965.”
Kara had to practically drag Mike out to the middle of the dance floor.  The lights dimmed and a single spotlight now illuminated the couple.  When the music began, she threw her arms around him and reluctantly, he shuffled her across the floor.  He may not have been in the mood for dancing, but by her suggestive movements, she was (and most assuredly, “a whole lot more”).
I instantly thought about Chloe.  She’ll be pissed when she finds out about this.  My grin flattened as I watched her hands rub all over Mike.  My thoughts turned to Ty.  For her to technically be his girlfriend or whatever, she sure is making a spectacle of herself.  I looked around the gym.  By the way where is—
“You were right,” a familiar voice called out from behind me.
I turned around thinking, Speak of the devil…
“No one could ever miss you,” Ty said in a soft, deep voice that tingled more than my ears.
Rapt in breathless delight, I felt like I was back in my room looking at my own reflection for the first time, only this sight was way better.  Handsome didn’t do him justice, not the way he looked standing there in a tuxedo that draped his broad chest like a taut glove.  My gaze fell on his piercing blue eyes.  Stars couldn’t match the glow in them.  His normally tussled hair was perfectly gelled into place, and his face was so radiantly smooth and flawless, nothing remotely like earlier, when it was apparent that he’d forgotten to shave.  I had an overwhelming urge to stroke my hand along every curve of it too.  Right now, any care or crazy worry I’d had over the past few days completely disappeared.  I thought, A sight this fine can’t be real, and I prayed it wasn’t a dream.
I blushed when I realized how long I’d been staring at him (and hoped my mouth wasn’t open).  Ty strolled over and took my hand.  He glanced down at my wrist.
“Was your date too cheap for a corsage?” Ty asked.  Any nervousness I’d felt when he touched my hand subsided after hearing his joke.
“I told you… He’s not my date.”  I nodded over to the dance floor.  “Her Highness seems to be having a good time,” I noted uncomfortably.
I turned back to see him removing his boutonnière from his lapel.  He moved closer and tenderly swept a few strands of my golden locks behind my ear as he placed the delicate red rose in my hair.
“Well… She’s not my queen,” Ty whispered softly as the tips of his fingers lightly grazed my neck.  He found my hand and gave it a gentle tug as he motioned to me with his eyes.  “Come on.  I’m here to collect on that dance.”
Needless to say, I was floored.
Ty laid my clutch on a nearby table and started leading me towards the dance floor.  I couldn’t stop trembling, not while he was stroking my hand tenderly as we winded through the maze of tables and chairs.  My heart was pounding through my chest.  Mike and Kara were still the only ones out there.  We’d be the first to join them.  Hand in hand, we strode onto the floor with the chorus of the melody drifting from the speakers all around.
As he led me out to the center of the dance floor, he whispered, “Oh, there was something I forgot to tell you about Bea.  Something some people might be surprised to know…”
As “in the moment” as what I was, I found myself intrigued by what he was about to reveal.  What could it be?
“What’s that?” I asked.
Ty gave my wrist a quick and guided jerk as he pulled me to his chest.  “She loves to give guys dancing lessons,” he revealed and started leading me around the floor.  A rush of uncontrollable sensual energy flooded my senses while my body swayed perfectly in sync with his.
“Ms. Sutherland’s a good teacher,” I whispered.  She really was.  He had all the grace of a professional dancer and the moves, too.  And I was sooo undeniably thankful.  Somebody had to keep this starry-eyed girl from floating off the daggone floor.
“I think she misses dancing.  So, some of the guys at the Helping Hands center oblige her.”  His smile grew wider.  “I’ll tell you what though, it’s really helped my game.”
“How’s that?” I asked.
Ty grinned.  “It’s improved my dexterity.”  My dashing partner proved his point when he swiftly extended his arm to fling me out to the side and then twirled me back into his chest.  The next thing I knew, Ty was lowering me into a long, sultry dip.
My head rolled back as my body lay suspended in his robust arms.  If this was a dream, I didn’t want to wake up.  The twinkling lights reflecting off the disco ball above captivated me.  As I watched the light bounce off its tiny mirrors, I sensed the music fading.  I found myself mesmerized by the mirrored sphere, helplessly fixated on it and inescapably drawn in by its brilliance.  The light started to become more intense, so brilliant I could hardly look at it directly.  I couldn’t even make out its shape anymore.  My eyes squinted, trying to regain their focus.  It appeared to have shifted from a sparkly ball into a long rod of some sort.
Whatever it was that now hung above me, it radiated a scintillating light with an intensity I’d never witnessed before.  Now, it seemed to be hovering only a few feet away.  I felt myself wanting to touch it — needing to possess it — in some way.  Impulsively, I stretched my hand closer to the gleaming object, desperately trying to reach it.  Before I could take hold of it, something suddenly halted my hand.  I looked over to see what appeared to be a man’s hand holding my wrist.  There was a shiny band of hammered sliver on one of his fingers that held a purple crystal in its center.  The gemstone on the ring was shining almost as vibrantly as the object above us.  Straightaway, I felt my dangling body being jerked up from its horizontal position.  There, standing in front of me now and holding me in his arms was none other than Mr. Beautiful Stranger himself, Tanner Grey.
The light above us illuminated the professor’s gorgeous face like an angel.  Awestruck, I looked deep into his eyes, his dazzling amethyst-hued eyes.  My pulse quickened as my hand softly trailed his heavenly features.  I caressed his chiseled jaw and then guided my fingers down to his chin with a purposeful sweep.  His fierce grip tightened as he pulled me even closer to him.  Gently, I brushed my fingertips over his perfect mouth, now feeling fully aroused and unshakably riveted.  Even the air between us felt electric.  Both our lips lingered for a moment, but before they could even touch, I spotted something on my fingers, something that appeared to be bright red and running down them.  I pulled my hand back quickly.  It was cascading down my arm, and it was blood — my blood.
Puzzled, I jerked away to get a closer look at my hand, but there wasn’t anything there — not a single drop, not anymore.  Once the loud music had alerted my ears, I realized I was back in the gym, standing in middle of the dance floor, and not dancing with Professor Tanner Grey.
A clueless look shadowed Ty’s handsome face.  “Shiloh, what’s wrong?” he asked.
I felt like I’d been woken from a dream with an ice-cold bucket of water.  My body trembled as I looked all around.  Ty appeared almost as confused as I was.  I couldn’t look him in the eyes, so I glanced up at he ceiling.  My haze deepened when I noticed the sparkly disco ball.  Even it had transformed back into its spherical shape.  The vision seemed so real.  Instantly, I felt trapped and couldn’t catch my breath, like I was being smothered by the hordes of other couples now dancing all around us.
“Shi?  Shiloh, What’s wrong?” Ty asked again.
My eyes started to get misty.  I couldn’t take these hallucinations anymore.  I didn’t know what to say, so I did what any other frightened, crazy person would do — I ran off!


Chapter  10  —  Fight, Flight, or Fright ?

I scurried through the crowd of couples as fast as my stilettos would carry me and almost knocked down Elisa Riverside when I dashed up the steps.
“Is something wrong, Shyla?” she called out.  I ignored her.  I had no time to waste.  I needed out of here.  I needed some fresh air.  But most of all, like any scared little girl, I needed my daddy!
After pushing through a curtain of dangling crepe streamers, I finally reached the brightly lit hallway.  The building’s exit was just a few feet away.  I hurried over to the brown and gold metal doors, but before I could even lay my hands on them, they opened.  Two of my classmates, Corey Toliver and Jessica Fields, were coming into the building and shaking a mess of something white from their heads — and I knew it wasn’t dandruff.
Stunned, I watched completely mystified as they walked past me.
“Hey, Shiloh.  Look outside!  It’s beautiful!” Jessica exclaimed as she pointed back towards the door.
Quickly, I grabbed the heavy metal door before it could close.  As I stood there in the doorway, my eyes panned across the grounds.  It was like a winter wonderland.  Everything was glistening in a thick, shimmery blanket of white snow.  There looked to be a good five inches on the ground already.
“You’d better get your coat before you go out there,” Corey advised.
“Corey, when did it start snowing?” I asked curiously.
Maybe it had been snowing earlier?
“That’s the crazy thing about it.  We’ve been outside in my car—”  Corey stopped when Jessica hit his shoulder and shot him a dirty glare.  “Anyway,” he added, “It only started snowing about ten minutes ago, but there’s almost a half a foot out there.  It came down hard and really fast.”  Jessica was tugging on his jacket and motioning him towards the gymnasium doors.  “Be careful, Shiloh.  The ground’s already a sheet of ice,” he warned as they trotted into the gym.
I continued to stare at the lights over the parking lot, simply watching the thick flakes of falling snow.  It was a heavy, wet snow — sure to make the roads a nightmare to drive on.  I was still rattled from my vision, so I hadn’t paid too much attention to the temperature.  But once I’d officially stepped outside, it hit me like a ton of bricks.  It was wicked cold!
The Weather Channel sure missed this one.  With the utmost caution, I ventured down the steps.  My feet were slipping and sliding underneath me.  If I didn’t twist and sprain my ankle, it would be nothing less than a miracle.  I really didn’t have a plan as to where I was going, but I felt like I was almost being led by something, possibly my own amazement.  I thought I’d seen it snowing earlier and now it was.
I eventually found myself standing alone in the middle of the serene, snow-covered upper parking lot.  Cars were well on their way to being buried by the blizzard with each second that passed.  Mike’s red Camaro wasn’t far from where I stood.  All of a sudden, I spotted the silhouette of a man stepping out of the shadows from a distance.  Apparently I wasn’t alone, and he appeared to be heading this way.  As soon as he passed under a utility light, I was able to make out the stranger.  Though he was no stranger.  It was Mr. Estell.
Oh shhhit… Please let this be a vision!
I kept a watchful eye on him as he drew closer.  It was difficult to walk backward in stilettos, so I yanked them off in a hurry, just in case I needed to make a fast getaway.  If I didn’t feel cold enough before, I sure did then.  My feet were freezzzing!  The more I felt the sting of the ice-cold snow on my bare feet, the more certain I was that I’d end up with a horrible case of frostbite.
Seeing how he was at Ms. Sutherland’s house today, around the time of the “snake-sighting” and possibly a member of a snake-handling church from Jolo, I didn’t need to put 2 and 2 together.  I figured I’d better heighten my guard.  When he noticed that I’d taken off my shoes, his stride towards me quickened.
Crap!
I decided to run back to the gym, but no sooner than I’d turned around, someone grabbed me.  I shot out an impulsive scream and jerked up my head to see who had a hold of me — Mike Riverside.
“Shi, what’s wrong?  What are you doin’ out here?  Why did you scream?” Mike grilled as he tugged me close to his chest.
Truthfully, I could think of a million other places I would rather be, but considering I felt like a popsicle and just had the crap scared out of me, I didn’t even think about pulling away — but his questions were starting to get on my nerves.
Mike continued his interrogation. “Did Ty do something to you in there?  And why the hell are you…barefoot?”
I twisted around in Mike’s arms, trying to locate Mr. Estell, but he was gone.  Once I’d managed to break free from Mike’s grip, I scanned the parking lot for any signs of him.  Nothing.  He was nowhere to be found.  I looked down at my cold, naked feet and realized how stupid I must look.  As I struggled to slip on my shoes, from out of nowhere, a very pissed-off Ty Smith came charging down the slippery steps and threw Mike against the rock retaining wall.
Stunned, I yelled, “Ty, what are you DOING?” as I scrambled to tie the ribbon bows around my ankles.
Ty grabbed Mike and gave him a hard punch in his gut and an upper cut to his jaw.  The crown atop Mike’s head flew off from the blow.
“Payback,” Ty replied as he rushed over to me.  “He started it.  I was about to run after you, and the next thing I knew, his fist was planted in the left side of my face.”
I turned to look at Mike, who was just getting up off the ground.  “Why in the hell did you do THAT?” I demanded.
Mike rubbed his jaw.  “Because you ran off like that.  I figured he did something to you?”
After that accusation, Tyler leaped at Mike again.  Swiftly, I jumped in front of Ty to hold him back.
“I didn’t do anything!” Ty insisted.  “At least, I don’t think I did?”  Ty tried to calm down as best he could, what with all that adrenaline pumping.  “Shi, did I?  Did I do something to make you run off?”
“No, you didn’t,” I impressed to him as I stared into his blue eyes that not only looked confused, but hurt as well.  I turned to Mike and scowled.  “He didn’t, okay.  Ty didn’t ‘do’ a thing.”  I shook my head and glared at both of them.
Ty pulled me off to the side.  “Then tell me why, when we were getting ready to…kiss…you ran off like that?  What happened?”
I longed to tell him the truth, but what was the truth?  I was having a fabulous time dancing with him, having him hold me in his virile arms.  That was true.  I leaned in to kiss someone, but that someone wasn’t him — because I was having a daggone vision.  That was also true.  I decided to take the easy-out.
“Ty, it’s me,” I insisted.  “I’m really not feeling well tonight.”  What a cop-out, I thought as I continued to orchestrate my words carefully.  “I think I just need to go home.”
Still a little groggy from his pummeling, Mike shook his head and sighed.  “I told you this would happen.  You drank the whole flask,” Mike declared (without thinking).
Ty ran over to Mike, grabbed him by his jacket, and threw him back against the retaining wall.
“What FLASK?” Ty demanded.  Mike looked guilty as hell.  “You tried to get Shiloh DRUNK?”  With that said, Ty started pounding on Mike again.
“STOP IT!” I yelled.
They weren’t listening, so I scooped up a huge chunk of snow and crafted a hard snowball.  I aimed it at both of them.  Right then, I really didn’t care which one of the Neanderthals I hit.  The icy-wet ball of snow landed perfectly between both their faces.  Ty finally let go of Mike, who’d actually made a much better showing during their second bout.
“Are y’all FINISHED?” I snapped.  In an almost perfectly synchronized move, they each forcefully pushed away from each other.  Evidently, neither wanted the other to get the “last hit”.
Mike surveyed the damage to his face in a nearby car window.  Ty, on the other hand, removed his tuxedo jacket and draped it around my shoulders.  Again, totally perfect…
“Here, Shiloh.  You’re shivering,” Ty insisted and then pulled me off to the side.  “I’ll take you home, if you want?”
I smiled at him coyly as he started to rub his hands vigorously up and down my arms.  “That would be ni—”
“Impossible is what that would be,” Mike interrupted as he pointed over to Ty’s black Chevelle.  Several vehicles had his car penned in.  He sneered at Ty.  “Unless you want to go inside and ask every person blocking you to come out in the snow and move their cars.  I’m sure they’ll run right out.”
We both realized what Mike had said was true.  Not only would it take forever to locate all the cars’ owners, but surely none of them would be too thrilled at the idea of leaving their good time for a stroll out into a snow-covered parking lot, just to let someone out.
“Anyway, she’s my date, Ty.”  Mike picked his Homecoming King crown up off the ground and flung it like a Frisbee over to Ty.  “Yours is still inside.  I’ll take Shiloh home,” Mike assured as he grabbed my hand and then tugged me his way.
“I’ll at least see her to your car,” Ty announced with a raging scowl and then pulled me closer to him, well out of my date’s grasp.
Mike threw Ty a dirty look of his own as we headed over to the snow-covered Camaro.
Though the tension between Ty and Mike remained on its present course, I was starting to feel slightly more at ease, probably because I was finally getting out of here and would be able to confide in Daddy (at last).  I could tell him about all the crazy things that had happened lately, and he would help me figure them out.  Then again, the fact that I was starting to warm up in the comfort of Ty’s strong arms as we walked to the car didn’t hurt.
“Hang on a second,” Mike spoke up.  He popped his trunk and pulled out a snowbrush.  “I can’t believe I need this thing already,” he mumbled as he started at the rear of the car, sweeping off the windows.  Ty and I strolled over to the passenger-side of the Camaro.
“Shi, will you call me later?” Ty asked softly.  “So I’ll know you got HOME OKAY.”  The sentiments behind his words were as steely as the gaze he directed towards Mike.
Mike shot Ty his own frosty glare and started brushing off the snow more aggressively.
Ty turned to me and placed his hands on my shoulders.  “You know, um…because of the roads,” he rephrased.
I wasn’t buying his reason one bit, but I didn’t care about his motive.  I was too flattered by his request.
“I will,” I replied, “but he’s dropping me off at the mine.  Daddy’s working late, so he’ll take me on home.”
That seemed to put Ty’s mind at ease.  Mike finished up the front window and maneuvered around to the other side.
“She’ll be just fine,” Mike advised Ty in a sly voice.  The cocky ass even threw him a taunting wink.
I patted Ty’s chest to curtail his escalating rage.  “I’ll call you later,” I whispered.
“That’s kind of crazy,” Mike blurted as he stood beside the passenger-side door.  “The snow didn’t stick over here.”  He took a hold of the handle and pulled the shiny, red car door open.  “Come on, Shi.  We can go now.”
The leather seat was glistening with droplets of water.  Why is the seat wet?  I hunched down to slide into the car, but paused when I heard a faint noise.
“Did y’all hear that?” I asked them.  They both shook their heads.
Weird, I thought as I proceeded to lean inside.
My eyes shot open and I defensively hurled myself back towards the ground.  Wriggling around in the floorboard was another humongous rattlesnake!  I let out a loud gasp as soon as my butt landed in the snow.
“What’s wrong?” Ty yelled when he noticed me pointing towards the car.  His eyes almost exploded as the monstrous reptile emerged from the Camaro and slithered onto the ground.
Mike was the next one to officially freak.  “SON-OF-A-BITCH!” he screamed.
The serpent was heading straight for me.  I started pushing myself back, plowing my arms and rear through the snow as fast as I could.  My body was trembling from the icy snow stabbing my skin, but mostly from the terrifying creature that had its sights set on me.
Ty attempted to lunge at the snake.  It paused only to tease him with a superficial, yet intimidating strike.  That bought me a few seconds to get to my feet.  The scaly rattler swiftly turned back to its intended victim — me.  I kept my eyes focused on the vile creature as it began to close in on me.  I could tell I was running out of room as I headed backward, towards the high retaining wall that hugged the school’s hillside.  There was no way to climb it.  I was trapped.  I listened intently to the rhythm of the snake’s rattler echoing in my ears.  Mike and Ty were yelling at each other.  They seemed to be searching for something to kill it with — though I rather doubted if either of them had any daggone garden tools in the trunk of their cars.
I scrambled to strategize an escape, but unfortunately, there wasn’t one.  The serpent started to recoil and took an attack stance.  Too bad there wasn’t a little old blind lady around to save me this time.  My ankle twisted around in my shoes as I postured myself for an expected assault.  I looked down at my stiletto heels and realized one of the ribbon straps had come untied.  Quickly, I yanked off the loose shoe and prepared to swing it with all of my strength.
I kept trying to convince myself, This thing’s no different than any other critter you’ve snatched before.  Ty was running towards me to make one last attempt at grabbing the creature.  Viciously, the rattlesnake thrust itself at me.  I whirled my arm around to counter its attack and instinctively closed my eyes as my head turned to dodge its sharp fangs.  Not a second later, my eyes flew open, and I became inescapably transfixed on my hand.  The heel of my beautiful stiletto had struck my attacker, piercing the rattlesnake’s head right between its eyes, and it was now staked to the stone wall.  Its scaly body twitched erratically as all signs of life drained from its muscles.  I took a couple of deep breaths and slowly released my hand from the shoe.
Ty rushed to my side.  “Shi, are you okay?” Ty panted as he stared at the scaly corpse that now donned my high-heel through the center of its ghastly head.  He swiftly gave my listless frame a much-needed tight squeeze.
The gesture was comforting.  Hell, I needed to feel something.  The shock of what had just happened, as well as the accuracy of my aim, was downright mindboggling!
The snake appeared from behind a red door… Just like the vision I had earlier, I reflected quietly as Ty held me in his arms.
Mike hurried over.  “What in the hell was that?!?”
“Apparently a snake — dumb ass,” Ty growled.  “What I want to know is what it was doing in YOUR CAR?”
Mike started flailing his arms and cussing.  “Those sons’ of bitches from Princeton!  I bet they came down here and did it!  I wouldn’t put it past them!  They were really pissed about the game… Not to mention the ass kickin’ Marcus and I gave a couple of their players.  I’d bet anything they were behind this shit!”
I stood there quietly as Mike continued to curse and rant his speculations.
“You’re keeping some pretty strange company,” Ty whispered.  “This is twice today, isn’t it?”
My eyes never left the snake.  “How did you know?” I asked surprised, only tilting my head in his direction.
“I stopped by Bea’s house on the way back from Pineville.  Mr. Mayfield showed me the snake.  He had it packed up in a box to take home with him.  Bea told me it had tried to attack you.  What a coincidence.  Two rattlesnakes, roughly the same freakish size, going after the same person…on the SAME DAY?”
Telepathy wasn’t needed here.  I picked up on Ty’s disbelief just by the tone in his voice.
“Yeah… Imagine that,” I replied laxly.
Ty’s suspicions mounted.  “You don’t seem too shaken for someone who almost had their neck ripped into by another twelve-foot rattler?”
“Shock?  I guess?”  I tried to play it off, but that wasn’t going to work — not with Ty.  Clearly, we were both on the same page.  We knew the snake was not intended for Mike Riverside.
Ty pried the snake from the rock wall and pulled my stiletto heel from its head.  He quickly tossed the gruesome reptile on the ground.  The scaly corpse sank into a fluffy patch of snow.
“The only thing shocking was your aim.”  Ty rinsed the remnants of bloody snake brains off my shoe with some snow and wiped the tapering, blade-like heel clean using one of the legs from his pants.  He gently guided my foot into my shoe and fastened the two ribbons around my ankle.
A subtle smile emerged.  I’d feel just like Cinderella…if it weren’t for the fact that she didn’t have a daggone serpent flying out of her pumpkin coach.
“Wait here.  I’m going to check inside the car before you go,” Ty insisted as he rose from the ground.  “Give me your keys,” he demanded to Mike.
“I told you.  I’m taking Shi home, Ty.  You’re not driving her in my car!”
Ty gave Mike a firm shove.  “I’m going to check it for any other surprises…or do YOU want to?”
A look of fright surfaced on Mike’s face as Ty snatched the keys from his hand.  Mike didn’t put up any more of a fuss, not after the thought of more of those things hidden in his car had crossed his mind.
“YOU DO THAT!” Mike barked.  “Check it over good…and in all the compartments inside, too!”  Mike jerked into shiver as he backed away from his car.
Ty opened the trunk and searched it thoroughly.  He leaned inside the car and checked in every nook and cranny of its interior.  Nothing.  Then he popped the hood for a quick once-over, and just to be on the safe-side, he even looked under the car.  Once Ty had given us the all-clear sign, Mike ran over and snatched back his keys.  He stood by the passenger-side door and glared at Ty.
“Come on, Shi.  Let’s go,” Mike insisted.
“Go ahead and get in, Mike.  I need a second,” I told him as I approached the car.
Mike shrugged his shoulders and walked around to the driver-side door.  I looked up at Ty.  His cheeks were rosy from the whip of the cold air and his dreamy blue eyes were glistening.  He shifted around nervously in the snow for a moment, like he wanted to say or do something.
“Oh, before I forget,” Ty began as he pointed to his tuxedo jacket I was still wearing, “Your purse is inside my coat.  You ran off without it.”
Sure enough, I felt around in one of its inside pockets and there was the beaded-black clutch, safely tucked away.  I pulled it out and smiled.
“Thanks, Ty,” I said softly.
“Well, I didn’t want you to think that you’d lost it,” he replied.
“I’m not thanking you for that.”
“For what then?” Ty asked as he edged closer.
“For trying to save me.  You distracted it.  I saw you trying to stop it…so, thank you.”
Ty smiled and gave my hand a lingering squeeze.  “I’ll be waiting for your call.”
The tenderness of his touch ignited every one of my cells.  I stood there wishing we were back on the dance floor.  It would’ve been my very first kiss, though I still didn’t quite know whom I would’ve been kissing.  I could feel myself starting to blush, but hopefully the cold air on my own cheeks camouflaged any visible traces of emotion.  Feeling Mike’s heated and awkward stare on us, I smiled and climbed inside the car.  I gazed back at Ty in the side-mirror as we cautiously crept out of the parking lot.  He had walked back over to the snake and picked it up to examine it closer.  Not a few seconds later, Ty shook his head and casually pitched it off to the side.  Unfortunately for Kara Leighton, who’d just walked up beside him, it landed on her, draped perfectly around her neck.  Ty looked mortified.  I cringed and turned my head.  Her high-pitched screams echoed in the still night air as we drove off down the hill.
The drive could have been a little quieter, in my opinion.  Mike kept asking me, “If I liked the song that was playing?”… “Was I hungry?”…  And my personal favorite was, “Do you want to go somewhere and talk?”  I didn’t know what his deal was this evening, but I’d had enough.  At that moment, the only question I would have answered yes to was, “Do you want me to shut the hell up?”
We still had several miles to go before we would reach the mine.  Mike was adamant about stopping by the Kwik-Serve for something.  At least I finally got a hint of peace & quiet while I waited in the car.
Tonight was my first school dance, my first almost-kiss (I think), and my first-step toward a one-way ticket to the Nut-House.  I was beginning to rule out schizophrenia, because some of the visions had actually come true.  As I watched the snow dance in the night sky, I knew one thing that didn’t sound crazy — both of those rattlesnakes were no coincidence and somehow Mr. Estell was responsible.  I was going to have to investigate that theory more extensively.  Considering the series of events fate had thrown in my path, I only had one real concern at the moment: what was going to happen next.
I rubbed my shoulders briskly.  And WHEN?
I noticed the snow seemed to be dwindling when Mike jumped back in the car.  He had been in there awhile, but he didn’t return with anything in his hands.
“I thought you said you had to get something?” I questioned.  It really didn’t make any sense.  He was so insistent about stopping.
“Yeah,” Mike muttered, appearing cagey as he started up the car.  Mike revved his engine and peeled out of the slick parking lot, slipping and sliding in the snow.  I shook my head at the reckless, juvenile maneuver.  For a moment I thought he was trying to distract me from any more questions.
I sure hope that dumb ass didn’t waste his money on condoms, I thought to myself.  I need “peace”, not “a piece”!
Our side of Highway 52 was completely covered with snow.  The only tracks that had been forged were in the oncoming lane, traveling from the direction of the mine.  Though the pristine snow-covered lane was nice to look at, it would’ve been a lot easier to follow behind a plowed line of someone else’s tires.  Mike even had enough sense to proceed with caution.  He slowed down to about 5 mph.  My “peace and quiet” would take a little longer than what I’d anticipated.  We were about two miles from the mine when Mike finally broke the awkward silence booming inside the car.
“It’s going to feel pretty strange, what with my family not owning the mine anymore,” Mike remarked.
“Well, I guess you’ll just be known as ‘some rich guy’s son’, rather than ‘some rich guy’s son whose father is their dad’s boss’,” I quipped.  “Don’t worry, Mike.  I’m sure your popularity among Welch’s female population will remain intact.”
“Funny,” Mike replied with a smirk.  He shifted in his seat and sat up a bit straighter.  “I was being serious.”  The cocky jock stared out the window at the icy, snow-covered road ahead, seeming almost melancholy.  “I didn’t want him to sell it,” he added in a low, somber tone.
I found that puzzling.  Surely, he didn’t want to stay in Welch for the rest of his life, destined to run a coalmine.  If anyone had the means and resources to get the heck out of Welch it was Mike Riverside.
Why on earth wouldn’t he want his dad to get rid of it and be richer for it?
“Why not?” I asked.
“I don’t know,” Mike replied, shaking his head.  “This deal came from out of nowhere, and well…there’s just something about Lazarus Xcavare that I don’t like.  He’s been staying in our guesthouse for the past few days.  I can’t put my finger on it, but there’s something, I don’t know—”
“Strange, about him?” I interrupted.
Mike pointed his finger and nodded.  “Bingo,” he replied.  Apparently I wasn’t the sole opinion of dissent in town.
Mike continued on down our snowy path.  He was looking ahead, like he should of course, but I could tell his mind was on something other than keeping his car from spinning off the road.  Something had him deeply engrossed in his thoughts, and I had a hunch it had everything to do with Lazarus Xcavare.
Naturally, I felt a little prying was in order.  “I don’t get his interest in Welch.  The mine yes, but this whole adopt-a-town-thing is pretty hard to swallow,” I remarked, praying he took the bait.
“Yeah,” he agreed.  “He’s totally different…behind closed doors.”  Abruptly, Mike appeared anxious and then cut himself off.  If my curiosity wasn’t piqued before, it sure as heck was then.
“What do you mean, ‘behind closed doors’?” I probed.
Mike leaned on the brake a bit and pretended to be more focused on the curve ahead, trying to brush me off.
“Nothing, Shiloh.  Just forget what I said.”
Mike didn’t realize he’d just told probably the most stubborn girl in the county to “forget about it”.
I chuckled.  “The cat’s almost free now.  I’ll drag it the rest of the way out, if I have to,” I challenged with a stubborn grin.
Mike noted the same look of determination in my eyes I had when we were little, and I’d given him a beating over trying to steal my lunch.  He hesitated and took a deep breath.
“Promise me you won’t tell anyone, Shiloh.  Really promise — Okay?  Not Chloe… Not Ty… Your friend, Katie…  I mean NOBODY!”
“I promise,” I replied in my sincerest of voices.  “After all, you can tell your drinking buddy anything.”  I thought I’d put him at ease with a little humor.
Mike hesitated for a moment and then sighed compliantly.  “There are some cameras hidden in the guesthouse,” he revealed.  “My mom had a secret security system put in a few years ago when Flora, our housekeeper, was staying out there.  She spared no expense.  It’s actually pretty high-tech.  The wireless cameras are motion activated, and their hybrid batteries last for thirty years.  She thought my dad was cheating and wanted proof.  Dad doesn’t even know about them.  The monitors are stashed behind a panel in the back of my closet.  She had it installed one week when he was in Canada on a hunting trip, and she gave Flora and her sister an all expenses paid trip to Myrtle Beach… He wasn’t having an affair, by the way.”
Mike seemed more at ease.  Apparently he’d been dying to tell someone, anyone about his exploration into voyeurism.
“So you’ve been spying on Lazarus Xcavare?” I grilled.  I couldn’t blame him.  I’d have done it in a heartbeat.
“Yeah,” Mike answered with only a hint of shame.  “He’s really weird…and extremely volatile.  You can’t ever get a read on him.”
Mike had a glazed look in his eyes as he spoke about Lazarus’s demeanor.  I’d already had the pleasure of venturing through the lying bastard’s mind, so I knew exactly what he was talking about.
“Like how?  What do you mean?” I inquired.
“He may talk a good game to my dad and the town, but when he’s around some of his guys, in private, he’s totally TRASHING Welch and all its people.  But he’s so set on purchasing the mine and even the property around it.  His guys are constantly coming in with samples of dirt for him to check.  He keeps telling them, ‘IT’S HERE’ and demanding that they keep searching.  Every guy who brings him a sample he doesn’t like, gets the shit kicked out of them.”  Mike looked over at me and shook his head.  “Hell, he almost choked a guy to death the other night.”
I figured I should reciprocate with a little information, since Mike was being so forthcoming.
“I ran into that Professor Grey out on Shiloh Ridge the other day.  He was collecting samples.”  I knew Lazarus wanted the surrounding areas checked for additional reserves, but something about the professor’s presence there was still bugging me.  And I didn’t get the feeling that it had a-n-y-t-h-i-n-g to do with finding more dirty hunks of carbon, especially now.  “Mike, what does he think is here?”
“I don’t know.  The only thing around here is coal…and more coal.  He’s buying a coalmine.  What does he expect?  He called someone this afternoon and ordered them to wrap up whatever they were doing.  He needed them in the, and I quote, ‘bowels of West Virginia’, as soon as possible.  Then he made everyone leave the room and started chanting.”  Mike let out a dry laugh.  “I’d never figure him for a man of religion — of any kind.”
My eyes widened.  “Chanting?  Like a Buddhist?”
“I don’t think so,” Mike answered doubtfully.  “He spoke in some kind of foreign language…and he’s got this chest he keeps a silver cross in.  He chants to it and then waves it over the samples of dirt, like some crazy religious ritual.  He even talks to the thing, or he’s talking to himself.  Who knows with that guy?  What’s really freaky is when he rolls his eyes back into his head and douses himself with salt.”
Salt, I thought to myself curiously.  What’s the deal with salt lately?  The coincidence was vexing.
“What kind of salt?” I asked.
“I don’t know, Shi?”  Mike shook his head.  “Does it matter?”
I sighed and thought, Well, yeah… It kind of does from what I’ve been told.
I noticed we’d finally reached the fork on Highway 52.  The tracks in the oncoming lane had originated from the mine.  They crossed over our path and trailed down into the parking lot.  My thoughts shifted.
I hope Daddy hasn’t left yet.  Mike will have a heck of a time getting this car of his up the mountain.
Mike hugged the freshly plowed tracks leading down to the parking lot.  We both spotted Daddy’s navy Ford pick-up truck sitting alone in the lot.  He was still here, but there were a few tracks around his vehicle.  His truck was in the same spot, so he hadn’t left to go anywhere.
“I thought Daddy was the only one who was supposed to be working tonight.  Did your father have to come by for something?” I asked.
“No.  As soon as he heard Mom was going to be at the dance helping out, he set up a poker game with some of his buddies over in Beckley.  I didn’t think anyone was supposed to be here this late other than Caiden.  Maybe your mom stopped by?”
I grunted and laughed.  “Not a chance.  She does a happy-dance every time he goes into work.”
“Why don’t you just ask your dad when you see him, Sherlock,” Mike joked, rolling his eyes as he pointed over to the security entrance.
The frigid air hit me as soon as I got out of the car.  I pulled Ty’s tuxedo jacket tighter around my shivering body as I trudged through the snow.  I loved the outfit Daddy had surprised me with, but right now I just wished there was a little more of it.
The snow had finally stopped, but the air was still whipping around us.  We reached the security entrance, only to find it locked.  I’d forgotten I would need to ring him to come and let me in.  I turned to Mike.
“No key?” I hinted.
Mike stepped back and gave me a doubtful look.  “No, not on me.”
“Let me call him.”  I reached into the black-beaded clutch, which Katie had packed, and pulled out my phone.  “Crap.”  I’d forgotten to plug it in when I got home this afternoon.  My cell was so run down it wouldn’t even turn on to illuminate a “Low Battery” message.  “Mike, you have yours, don’t you?”
He nodded his head and smiled.  “It’s back in the car.  I’ll go get it.”
While Mike strode over to his car to retrieve his cell, I paced along the front security gate.  The scene was so still and eerily quiet.  The soft crunching sounds my feet were making as they trudged through the pillowy snow sounded like thunder.  I stared at the building where Daddy would be working.  It looked dark and empty.  There weren’t any lights shining from any of the windows.
How odd.  Where could he be?  His truck is still here.
Suddenly a chill shot down my spine.  I couldn’t tell if it was from the cold air whirling around my body or the peculiarity of Daddy’s elusive whereabouts.  I hurried over to Mike, who was rummaging through his car.
“I don’t think he’s in there,” I remarked.
“Not in the main office?” Mike posed and glanced back at the security gate.
“No.  I’m going to check his truck.”
I ran over to Daddy’s old truck and peered through the windows.  Strangely, his keys were dangling in the ignition.  I pulled on the chrome handle and it popped right open.  I climbed up inside and threw my clutch onto the passenger-seat.  My eyes scanned all around its interior.
He wouldn’t have left his keys in the ignition like this…or even his truck unlocked.  I was completely baffled.
“I’ve got my phone,” Mike yelled out.  “What’s his number?”
After I’d called out Daddy’s number, I sat there struggling with an uncontrollable restlessness while I clutched the steering wheel and stared out the window.  It didn’t make sense.  I thought I heard a slight “bump” and turned towards the bed of the truck.  There was nothing back there but one of Daddy’s weathered tarps and some old wood boards sticking out from underneath it.  As I turned around to ponder some more, a horrible ache rose from the pit of my stomach.
Where could he be?


Chapter  11  —  A Tale of Two Mikes

From out of nowhere, an unexpected sound pierced the eerie silence like a knife.  The tune was muffled, but it was coming from somewhere close.  I instantly recognized the melody.  Daddy’s cell.  Frantically, I searched every inch of the cab before it stopped ringing, pausing only to process its direction.  I whipped around in my seat to spot a faint light glowing under the canvas tarp.  I burst out of the cab like a shot and raced to the rear of the truck.
“Shiloh… Come here,” Mike called out in a peculiar voice.  I ignored his request as I lowered the tailgate, then I untied my shoes, kicked them off, and climbed up inside the bed of the truck.
I scrambled to throw back the tattered canvas tarp.  To my horror, I found Daddy lying there, barely moving.  By the way he was grimacing, he was in a dreadful amount of pain.
I panicked.  “DADDY!  WHAT’S WRONG?”
His eyes opened slightly at the sound of my voice.  He was somewhat conscious, but as he tried to move his body, he started to convulse.
“Call 911!  NOW!” I screamed to Mike.
Daddy grabbed my arm.  He attempted to pull me closer as he flailed about the bed.  From the direction Daddy was guiding my hands, I could tell he wanted me to look at something.  Immediately, I ripped open the top of his shirt.  Smudged on his neck, I spotted what appeared to be a set of faded handprints, one on each side.  They were light, almost translucent, and a strange blue color.  All the visible veins in his body were pulsating and pressing against his skin, colored in the same uncanny hue.  I didn’t know what it was or what to think!
Daddy started mumbling something in a strained, low voice.  “Shi—Shiloh,” he gulped, struggling to speak.
I hovered over him.  “I’m here, Daddy.  I’M RIGHT HERE!  Mike’s calling an ambulance.  Just hold on!  Please, HOLD ON!” I pleaded, my eyes never leaving my father’s face.
“Did they say when they’d be here?” I hollered to Mike.
Daddy attempted to speak again.  “Shi… Shi, PLEASE GO.”
“I’m staying RIGHT HERE!” I cried back.
He squeezed my hand and made a horrible face.  My heart raced at the possibility that my father’s life could very well end within a matter of seconds.  He pulled me closer.
“Ada—Adamas,” Daddy whispered.
“What?” I asked, baffled by the strange word he had mumbled.  “Is that who did this to you?  Who is…ADAMAS?” I questioned.
“Shiloh, I said come over here — NOW!” Mike yelled, sounding agitated.
I’d heard Mike calling me, but I chose to tune him out.  If it wasn’t a siren blaring from an ambulance, then I wasn’t interested.  As I sat hunched over Daddy, I stared anxiously at his eyes.  On any given day, I could count on their special twinkle to warm my soul.  But tonight, their light seemed to be fading with each and every blink.  A pool of darkness was slowly devouring any traces of the blue-green hue like a fiendish black plague.  Watching them grow dim was unbearable.
This can’t be happening!  IT CAN’T!  Please let this be a vision!  A horrible, horrible dream!  The face of the man who’d loved me unconditionally since birth was starting to become blurry from the tears welling in my eyes.  I was desperately trying to wipe them away when I heard Mike clear his throat.
“THAT WASN’T A REQUEST!” Mike roared.  The ferociousness in his voice echoed through the darkness with a commanding and formidable air.  His tone enraged me, but I had to keep it together for Daddy’s sake.  He still needed my help, and seemingly Mike’s, too.  I paused over my father’s body to take a calming breath before turning towards Mike.
“Look, Mike—,” I began as I whipped my head around.  I was instantly taken aback and unable to speak.  Mike was standing on the edge of the tailgate with the most menacing look about him.  The cocky jock had a scowl on his face and a look in his eye that could crack a mirror.  I gasped.  His presence was so alarming that even with Daddy struggling for his life merely inches from me, I couldn’t help but become flustered, and my mind went blank.
“Mike… Did you call for an ambulance?” I questioned in a slow and skeptical voice.
The gruesome expression had set onto his face like stone.  Mike never replied.  He just held up the cell phone to where I could see it and then pitched it off into the snow.  I watched in utter disbelief as it sank into one of the icy drifts that had formed from the harsh wind.  All I could think was, Why in the hell did he do THAT?
“Are you going to make this difficult?” Mike growled as he crossed his arms.
Mike’s bizarre demeanor had me completely stunned.  My father was lying here, dying in my arms, and I didn’t have one freaking clue as to why he was acting like this?
“What are you talking about, Mike?” I asked cautiously.  “Where’s the ambulance?  My dad is DYING — Can’t you see that?” I cried.
Mike paid no attention to my pleas.  A frightening glare flashed in his eyes as he lowered his body into a crouch.  Watching him rear back with that kind of hunger jerked me straight into a flinch.  His aggressive posture was impossible to ignore or deny.  It was just like I’d seen mountain lions around here pose — right before they pounced on their prey.
Quickly, I grabbed Daddy's cell as I rose to my feet.  My instincts forced me to take a defensive stance while I waited for his next move.
I didn’t have to wait too long.  Mike dove at me not a second later.  He knocked the phone out of my hand and shoved me against the cab of the truck.  I felt the metal caving around my back when I struck it.  The next thing I knew, he’d thrown me down onto the hard bed and was on top of me.  I tried to hit him, but he had me pinned before I could even attempt a swing.  I knew Mike was strong from watching him wrestle in gym, but he seemed almost freakishly strong — unnaturally strong.  I tried kicking to no avail.  My legs were just flailing about underneath his.  Mike then pressed my squirming body down against the bumpy grooves of the bed.  The cold metal was stinging the backs of my legs, and its cutting burn was wearing me down.  I couldn’t care less about his motives right now.  All I knew was somehow I had to get free.
We wrestled around for a few more seconds.  I hoped that maybe someone off in the distance could hear us.  The stillness of the night would surely carry a voice even farther without any other sounds, so I screamed as loud as I could.
Mike growled and released one of his hands, only to muzzle my mouth.  I jumped at the vulnerability of his free hand.  As soon as it touched my lips, I bit down on it, hard.  He grimaced and then backhanded me across the face with his other one.  The initial sting of the blow had left me shaken for a moment.  Pain brought me back around.  My cheek was stinging, and my jawbone was throbbing.  Ironically, the frigid air that was searing my skin was also numbing some of my suffering.  He clutched his hands around my neck and began to squeeze relentlessly.  I couldn’t believe this was happening to me, of all possible times.  I was going to die here, alongside my father.  My only consolation — I wouldn’t be alone.
The next thing I knew, a strange light was flickering under my chin.  Then flames started shooting out from my neck, unexplainably.  I felt his hands suddenly release.  Mike let out a blood-curdling scream as he held his hands up in the air.  To my complete shock, they were all ablaze!  Bright red flames engulfed his hands and raced halfway up his arms.  He fell on top of Daddy, who still lay unconscious or dead in the back of the truck.
How in the Hell his hands caught on fire was beyond me, but I saw my chance for a getaway.  I crawled to the tailgate, as best a girl in an evening dress who’d just gotten a beat-down from her date could.  I looked back to see Mike writhing in pain as he tried to extinguish the flames.  I hopped off the back of the truck.  Mike noticed my attempt to flee and started creeping closer to the edge.  As soon as he reached the end of the bed, I let out a grunt and then forcefully slammed the tailgate back up to cold-cock him in the head.  “Thump!”  He howled in agony from the powerful whack.
I ran over and jumped in Mike’s car.  My eyes scanned down to the ignition and then all around the seat.  I hit my fists on the dashboard.  Shit!  He’s got the keys, I huffed in a fit of panic and then hurried out of the car.  I took a deep breath to assess the situation.  Mike was still trying to extinguish his burning hands, but the unearthly red flames were starting to dwindle.  I looked at the road.  Not one car had passed the entire time we’d been here, and the chances of flagging one down were next to none.  I could go back to the fork and run up the mountain to head for the house, but that was several miles, uphill all the way.  Mike would surely hop in his car and run me down to finish the job.  It was evident — this was no mere rape attempt.  He wanted to kill me.  But “why” I had no freakin’ idea!
I turned toward the tree line across the road.  If I trekked through the trees and ran through the forest that had a more gradual slope up the mountain, I could take the short cut across Shiloh Ridge.  That was my ONLY viable option.  I looked back to see Mike trying to rise out of the truck.  The blaze igniting his arms now appeared half as fiery.  That was all I needed to see.
“Dammit!”  I shot across the road and disappeared into the trees.  I’d vowed I would NEVER step one foot on that ridge again, but it was my sole chance for an escape — regardless of whatever “supernatural creature” had tried to kill me the other day and still may be lurking up there.  The only comfort I took was thinking that maybe the demonic black fog might set its sights on Mike, instead of me.  I was running barefoot.  I was cold.  I was fearful for my life, as well as the unknown fate of my father’s, but assuredly most of all — I was on my guard.
I ran as fast as my frozen, bare feet would allow.  They radiated a constant throbbing pain up my legs as I weaved through the rugged landscape, but at least it reminded me that I was still alive.  And I felt every sharp branch scraping my legs as well, even though they were bordering on numb.  My dress ripped several times when it got caught up on some of the jagged limbs.  As cold as I was already, I couldn’t afford to lose much more of it.
My shivering frame ran for what seemed like an eternity before stopping to get my bearings.  I thought I’d come to a somewhat familiar small clearing when I heard a voice cackling in the distance.  The sound was chilling.  I didn’t know who I was hoping it was more — Mike or the monster.
I didn’t think the base of the ridge was too much further, but I needed a diversion to buy some time.  Swiftly, I removed Ty’s tuxedo jacket and threw it on some bushes, in the opposite direction I would be running.  I made sure it was visible, but not too noticeable that would raise any flags of a possible ruse.  I carried on for several more minutes through the shadowy forest.  The fiendish laughter seemed to be growing louder and closing in on me fast.  The light from the half moon served as my only guide amid the surrounding darkness.  It had been so long since I’d ventured through here, and I was unsure of my exact location with every step I took.
Any doubts regarding my location passed after I tunneled through some bushes.  I spotted one of the ridge’s high cliffs and rallied a second-wind as I scrambled toward its base.  I tried to jump up and grab several of the rocks embedded in the side of the rugged cliff, but I couldn’t reach them.  Even scaling its side was out of the question, what with all the snow that had saturated it and me having no shoes for any decent traction.  I simply wouldn’t have enough time to make it up the side and be well on my way before Mike came along.  I scanned down along the base of the cliff in both directions.  It was even higher no matter which way I would attempt a go at it.  This spot was my best chance.  It was the lowest, but unfortunately it wasn’t low enough.  There weren’t even any trees around that I could use as a ladder to climb it.  Shiloh Ridge was right there, but it may as well have been a million miles away.
A heinous cry called out, “SHILOH… SHILOH…”  If my bones weren’t already chilled, they were then.  The voice was Mike’s, and he was close — too close.
I scanned around for something to camouflage myself with.  There were some thick bushes that ran along the base of the cliff.  I dove straight into them and tried to remain as still as my freezing bones would permit.  One thing was certain: If Mike or the fog monster didn’t kill me, Mother Nature would surely finish the job!
The random sounds of twigs snapping and leaves shuffling alerted my ears.  He was almost here.  I peered out through the small breaks in the bush I was hiding behind.  Suddenly, Mike emerged from the darkness.  His gait had slowed to a more scrutinizing stagger, and he was scanning all around for any traces of me.  As he moved closer, I was able to get a better look at him.
OH SHIT!  My eyes swelled as fast as my hands flew up to silence my gasp.  I didn’t have to worry about Mike or the black cloud of death.  From my vantage point, Mike was completely engulfed in the mysterious black fog.  It followed his every movement and trailed away from him like a cat’s tail.  Apparently, somehow Mike was the black fog.
WHAT THE HELL…?
In the midst of my daze, I spotted my footprints embedded in the snow.  Damn.  They were like a roadmap that would lead him straight to me.  A small tear ran down my face as I thought of my father.  I was trapped and couldn’t help him.  I didn’t even know if he was dead or still barely alive.  I held my breath.  With my eyes fearfully locked on the trail of billowy black fog, I began to pray to myself, Don’t let him see me… Don’t let him see me… That one desperate plea ran through my head in a tireless loop, over and over again.
If things couldn’t get any worse, I noticed the makings of a tiny spark flaring from out of the corner of my eye.  I looked down at my left hand.  My little round golden topaz was flickering.  I’d never seen a ring shine like this before.  It wasn’t a blinding light, more like the soft glow from a candle.  Nevertheless, the moonlight was already working to my disadvantage.  I didn’t need another light source hailing any attention my way.  I tried to cover the ring with my right hand, but it seemed to glow even brighter and started to shine straight through it.  How the heck is this possible?  And of all times, WHY-freaking-NOW?
I checked on “Mike”.  He was still searching for me in all directions.  He stopped instantly when his eyes fell to the ground.  This was it.  He’d spotted my footsteps in the snow.  “Mike” looked at the bush and then up to the ridge.  He scowled and ran straight for the bush I was hiding behind.  There was nothing I could do.  “Mike”, or rather, “IT”, would surely overpower me.  I braced myself against the side of the cliff, closed my eyes, and prepared for his final attack.  The agony I felt because I couldn’t help my father had consumed me, and I couldn’t muster the will to fight what I knew would be a losing battle.
My eyes were closed, but I could hear the bushes being pushed back and felt their leaves scraping against my skin.  The foul stench of sulfur made my nostrils flare.  My ears detected the sounds of his heavy breaths, and the warm shots of air smacked my face like a whip.
Why hasn’t he grabbed me or hit me? Choked me or something?
Slowly, I started to unclench my eyes.  Once they had opened, I found I was face-to-face with “Mike”.  His eyes appeared eerily hollow and looked as black as coal.  They weren’t the eyes of Mike Riverside.  They were someone’s or something else’s.  “Mike” was staring dead at me, but he did nothing.  A confused look shadowed his scowling face.  I watched quietly as he turned his head to the right and looked, and then to the left to do the same.
What’s he waiting for?  I’m right HERE?
“Mike” swiftly rose to his feet, looked up at the ridge, and then stepped back.  He was all in a rage and started screaming.
I was dumbfounded.  What is he doing?  Why isn’t he attacking?
Something caught my eye — my own hand — and it was glowing!  Freakishly mesmerized, I quietly moved around to check out the rest of my body.  Every inch of me was now glowing a shimmery golden hue!  I was engulfed in a beautiful golden light that was coming from my ring — Ms. Sutherland’s ring.  My skin seemed to have a transparent look to it.  I could even see the ground below me through my fingers.  A tingling energy pulsated throughout my entire body as well.  Courageously, I rose from the bushes and stood plainly within sight.  “Mike” heard something and turned, but he never focused on me.  He couldn’t see me.  It was like I wasn’t there.
Impossible…
Then from out of the sky, my feathery little friend swooped down and attacked “Mike” with a vengeance, pummeling him with ferocious pecks every chance it got.  The feisty falcon spiraled around him in a mystical golden haze.  I watched stupefied as the battle between bird and beast unfolded before my eyes.
“Mike” finally grabbed the fowl and hurled it towards a tree.  It fell to the ground, injured and squawking.  He picked up a large rock and walked towards the falcon lying on the ground, flailing and trying to flap its wings.  “Mike” then raised the crude weapon high over his head to crush his opponent with one calculated strike.
I couldn’t let that happen.  This was the second time it had helped me fend off this creature.  I sprang out of the bush and started to run over to save the bird when all of a sudden, a streak of purple mist shoved me against the mountainside.  I felt the earth crumble underneath my back from the powerful force of the blow.  Then it hurled itself right into “Mike”, knocking the large rock out of his hands.  The purple mist had “Mike” firmly in its grasp as they propelled off down the mountain like a rocket.  It had all happened so fast they were already out of sight.  The falcon quickly stretched its wings and then soared straight up into the night sky.  I looked back towards the direction where the purple mist had bolted in such a hurry.  There were no more signs of “it” or “Mike”.
How did the strange purple mist know I was there, if “Mike” didn’t?  I still had the mysterious golden aura flowing around my entire body.  Somehow that, I presumed, was preventing me from being visible.  My eyes scanned the woods with a diligent sweep while I absorbed the grace of its unbounded hush.  I was finally all alone.
I took a moment to thank whatever the cosmos had summoned to save me.  Now, all I had to do was run home and get help for Daddy.
If he still needs it, I shuddered fearfully.
Since the coast was now clear, I attempted to jump up and scale the side of the cliff.  I managed to grab a tree root that was growing out of its side and held on with a tight grasp.  I seem to be having a lot better luck this time around, I noted with a hopeful wave of gratitude as I inched up the side of the cliff.  Just a little more and I’ll reach the top.  With my feet dug in and planted firmly against the cliff’s hard surface, I continued climbing up its slippery side.
My confidence waned when a rumbling sound roared from out of nowhere.  The side of the cliff started to shake violently.  It was like an earthquake was occurring underneath Shiloh Ridge.  Massive hunks of snow-covered rocks and earth began to crack and crumble away from the side of the cliff, right underneath me.  A large hole soon appeared, almost swallowing me whole.  I scrambled to hold on to the tree root.  Well over half of my body was already dangling inside the gaping crevice.  I kicked my legs, hoping to feel some sort of safe ground.  Sadly, there was nothing but air.  Not good.  Another powerful tremor shook the ridge and inevitably rattled my hands right off the root.  I scrambled to grab on to something, but I couldn’t because of the snow.  I slid down what remained of the cliff and fearfully counted the seconds until I wouldn’t be able to feel any more earth or snow between my fingers at all.  No doubt about it.  I was headed for a nasty fall.
OH NO…
I let out a shrill scream as I dropped into the darkness.  Painfully, my falling frame crashed against the sides of the fissure’s chamber.  Every rock I hit delivered an even more agonizing blow than the last.  The jagged stones carved into my skin like a knife, and every slice felt nothing less than excruciating.
The golden light the stone was casting acted like flashlight around my body, allowing me to vividly see every sharp and savage obstacle in my path like a harrowing 3-D horror movie.  My descent seemed like an eternity.  Just when I thought I couldn’t stand the torture any longer, my hip crashed down hard onto a large boulder, and then my limp frame rolled the rest of the way to the bottom.
My whole body was throbbing when I came to a stop, and the pain was steadily intensifying.  The numbness from the cold temperatures was wearing off.  I was pretty sure my right arm was broken because I couldn’t move it without tearing up.  My left arm felt wet and when I looked down, I noticed blood pouring out of a large gash, about the length of my hand.  My hip ached from the impact of the collision.  I just knew it was shattered.  I raised my head up to examine the rest of my anguished frame.  The jagged rocks had ripped my beautiful dress to shreds, and what was left was covered in dirt and blood.  My harrowing inspection concluded with my legs.  They looked like someone had taken a spiked baseball bat to them and shown no mercy with their strikes — none whatsoever.
My eyes followed the walls of the dark chamber all the way up to its opening.  I could only see a hint of the night sky.  I judged the distance from the bottom to be about a couple hundred yards.  I used the light my ring was granting to survey my surroundings.  I’d fallen into some sort of cavern.  I started to cry when my head fell back against its craggy floor, but not a single sound would come out — no matter how hard I tried.  The pain had left me breathless.
I can’t climb out and no one knows I’m down here…
The light coming from the golden topaz started to fade.  My surroundings were growing darker with every second that passed, until there was nothing left but a small, candle-like flicker from the center of the gemstone.  Perfect, I thought angrily, Now I’m going to die in the freakin’ dark!
Even though I knew I was just a mere knock away from death’s door, I couldn’t help but think of my father.  There was nothing I could do for him now, and I was of little help to him when I was up there.  No matter what injuries had ravaged my body, the ache my heart was suffering was more than I could bear.  A horrible wave of sadness rose from the pit of my stomach as one small tear finally fell from my eye.
No one will come.  There would be no rescue, and certainly no knight-in-shining-armor to save me tonight.
As I felt the tear roll down my cheek, my eyes focused on the opening of the cavern.  A faint beam of light suddenly appeared, and it seemed to be building.  I struggled to prop myself up on my elbows, grimacing and trying to keep the pain from my broken limb from forcing me back down.
Maybe there’s someone up there with a flashlight?
“He—Help,” I called out in a weak, raspy voice.  I could barely hear myself.  There was no way anyone a couple hundred yards away could.  The sound wasn’t even loud enough to echo.  I stared at the opening and tried to listen for any sounds coming from above.  Soon, the dark cloud cover rolled back and revealed its source.  It was the half moon, shining in the night sky.  My elbows collapsed, and I fell back against the cold hard ground in despair.
No one’s there.  As disappointed as what I was, I took some comfort in the modest bit of illumination that the moonbeams were emitting into the cave.  I closed my eyes for a moment and thought to myself, Maybe a snakebite wouldn’t have been so bad?
Suddenly my eyelids began to twitch.  They were being stimulated by something.  It felt bright and was escalating by the second.  I opened my eyes to see the beam of moonlight streaming into the cavern.  But that wasn’t it.  The vibrant light I sensed wasn’t coming from above.  I turned my head and followed the direction of the moonbeam.  My eyes traveled along its path, crossing the cave like a well-guided arrow.  The mystical beam of light grew brighter the further I looked and eventually revealed a large rock formation where the source of illumination appeared to be hovering.  I couldn’t tell if it was reflecting off the rocks, or if there was actually something lying on its surface that was stirring the infectious glow.  The longer I stared at the dazzling light, the more I became memorized by it.  Totally and inescapably spellbound.  The harder I focused, the more enthralled I became by its brilliance.  It was absolutely scintillating.  I grimaced as I attempted to roll my body over and onto my stomach.  Once my weight had shifted, I placed more pressure on my fractured hip and howled in agony.
I had to get a closer look at whatever was there.  I couldn’t walk, so I was forced to crawl along the rugged bottom of the cavern.  Every inch I traveled was more painstaking than the last, but for some reason, I didn’t care — no matter how much blood poured from my battered body or how many tears fell.  I was in a trance and clearly under the mysterious light’s spell.  It felt like I was being pulled toward the light, like it was calling to me, tempting me to come.  Whatever it was blazed hotter and brighter the closer I crept.
I struggled through the crippling pain, wailing the entire way, until I’d finally reached the bottom of the rock formation where the light was emanating.  I looked up.  There above me lay a long glowing rod of some sort, embedded in dark raw coal.  My eyes widened in their trance.  The energy and fervor of the anomaly had overpowered all of my senses, and I was its willing prisoner.
The hallucination I’d had when I was dancing with Ty flooded my mind with the force of a raging river.  This was the same object from my vision.  I remembered all the same desires I felt when I’d seen it before.  I had to get closer to it.  I needed to touch it.  I would have to pull myself up to it, but that meant getting to more of a standing position.  The pain from that endeavor was sure to kill me, but at that moment, I didn’t care.
I braced my hands against one of the rocks and then pushed my frame up with the last few ounces of strength I had left.  I swung my hips upwards and staggered as my feet shuffled to grip the side of the rock formation.  My body trembled, and I gasped breathlessly from the sheer agony of the painful maneuver.  All of my vigor had faded from my muscles, but my mind pressed me to carry on.
Determined, I threw myself at the object that had revealed itself.  Before my eyes lay a magnificent, six-sided crystal.  It was a little longer than my arm, and its radiance was almost blinding.  I gazed deeply into the bewitching crystal.  It appeared to have some kind of fiery light moving within it, like an untamed spectacle of free-flowing energy.
I rested my left hand firmly underneath the base of the rocks and swung my broken right limb over to grasp it.  As I clutched the awesome crystal, it began to sporadically shoot out rays of intense light in all directions.  I was so fixated on its beauty that I didn’t want to let go.  A spark shot through my right arm and blazed a trail throughout my entire body.  Its dynamic energy began to flow through me with breakneck speed.  It felt like I was being struck by a billion bolts of lightning, but its force was more thrilling than fierce.  Then all of a sudden, every broken and cut part of my body started to reel with an agonizing pain.  It was a brutal torture that couldn’t be fathomed no matter how hard you imagined.  I couldn’t take its toll any longer, so I tried to release my hand — but the crystal wouldn’t allow me to loosen my grasp.  Somehow I was now adhered to it.  I jerked my hand violently, trying even harder to pull it free.
When the light finally climaxed, an overwhelming burst of pain erupted within my body.  I screamed!  It was as if an explosion had set my insides on fire, like my blood was burning with hot molten lava that coursed through every one of my veins.
The blazing light from the crystal rod disappeared in an instant.  There wasn’t any light, of any kind that remained in the cavern.  I was now standing in pitch-black darkness.  My grip loosened from the crystal and straightaway, I began to slip into an unconscious state.  I wobbled and then collapsed onto the rocks below.  When my head hit the ground, a random memory of my father drifted through my mind, and a sense of blissful peace fell over me.  My misty eyes fluttered to a close, catching only a glimpse of a shimmery purple light.  I was certain of two things at that precise moment: when my eyes did reopen, I would see my father —hand stretched out lovingly and serene blue-green eyes blazing— and he would be standing there, right alongside my maker.


Chapter  12  —  Adamas

“BEEP… BEEP… BEEP… BEEP…”
Ughk… Already?
In my groggy state, I misjudged my “smack” to the SNOOZE button and ended up knocking the nagging alarm clock clear off my beside table.  I couldn’t have cared less when I’d heard it “thump” onto the floor.  I started to pull all the covers up to my neck and curl back into a ball when the reality of what day it was hailed my attention like a sunny morning ray.  My eyes popped open, shining just as bright.  It was Sunday — MY BIRTHDAY.
With an enthusiastic and guided push, I propped myself up against the headboard.  It seemed my quick & lively rise was too much - too soon for my sluggish frame, because all of a sudden my head started to pound — and not just a little.  A wrecking ball couldn’t have pummeled my skull any worse.  Ugh… I massaged my temples for a good minute, but the relentless throbs wouldn’t stop no matter how hard I pressed or how many circles my fingertips spun out.
Why does my head feel like this?  In fact, I was aching clear down to my toes.  Confused, I threw back the covers and eyed the rest of my body.  I looked okay, but I couldn’t help but wonder, Why do I feel like I’ve been hit by a daggone coal truck?
I glanced down beside my bed.  My alarm clock was lying sideways on the floor.
It’s 6:05 AM… Where’s Daddy?  He’s usually in here before the alarm goes off.  Maybe he’s running late?  I’ll give him a few more minutes.  The way my muscles felt, I wasn’t in any hurry to run downstairs to go look for him.  I could wait patiently on my traditional “birthday cake-in-bed”.
As I lay there rubbing my head, I couldn’t shake the notion that last night seemed to be a complete blur.  I looked around my room.  A garment bag stamped, “LAVISH” was hanging on the open closet door.  I also spied something black peeking out of my hamper.
That’s right… Daddy surprised me with that dress, and I went to the dance.  I still found it odd that my memory needed to be jogged.
My mind raced, trying to recall the details of last night.  Katie came over to help me get ready…and then I left for the dance with Mike…  I tried to think what happened next, but my mind was totally blank.  Like a million times before, I reached for my necklace out of habit so I could concentrate.
It’s not here, I realized as my hands patted my neck and chest.  I rooted around the bed — leaving no blanket, sheet, or pillow untouched.  Just as I’d concluded my empty search, the memory of my confrontation with Charlotte surfaced like a piping-hot geyser.
That witch had all of my college applications hidden in her closet!  I recalled the exact words she had spoken when I’d confronted her, as well as her cruel sentiments.  I’ll never understand what I could’ve ever done to deserve her cruelty.  We’ll have words later.  She’s not gettin’ off the hook that easy!
I was mindful of the fact that I’d ripped off my locket in such an emotional rage, but I also recalled how physically painful it had been.  I rubbed my neck as I thought about the intense fiery pain.  That too was odd.
Maybe the cologne had some sort of reaction with the gold chain or something?  All I knew was that once I’d yanked off the necklace, I felt instant relief.
As I laid my alarm clock back on the bedside table, my eyes spotted the black-beaded clutch propped against the lamp.  I vaguely recalled Katie handing it to me before I’d left for the dance.  I pulled out my cell phone and stared at the blank screen.  Dead, I assessed and then reached for its charger that had slipped down in-between the bed and the nightstand.
As I fastened the cord, a small jar of water sitting on the edge of the table caught my eye.  Something sparkly was lying in the bottom of the glass.
The golden topaz ring Ms. Sutherland gave me… I looked at my hand.  Funny, I don’t recall taking it off last night.  I did remember ditching my class ring at Katie’s insistence.  I could’ve sworn I’d laid it on my nightstand, but it wasn’t there.
Maybe it fell off when I knocked my alarm clock on the floor?
Carefully, I scanned the perimeter of my bed and even leaned over to look underneath it (on both sides).  It was nowhere to be found.
Weird…  I’ll hunt for it later.  It’s here somewhere.  I scooped the golden topaz ring out of the jar, gave it a quick flick, and then slipped it back on the finger of my left hand.  I can’t wait to show this to Daddy.
My patience had worn out, so I got up (Mother Nature was calling anyway).  I figured I would just run to the bathroom and then climb back into bed to wait for my “surprise” cake.  As I headed for the hall, I glanced down at the wadded-up dress sticking out of the hamper.  My guilt had prompted the look.
I can’t believe I just threw it in there like that and didn’t take the time, nor care to hang it up.  I’m sure Daddy paid several pretty pennies for that dress.
A strange feeling came over me that seemed relevant to the dress in some way, but in the midst of “nature-calling”, I shook it off and stepped into the hall.  To my complete shock, Chloe was coming out of her bedroom, already showered and dressed.
She’s never ready this early on a Sunday, or even a school day for that matter.  What gives?
My sister had an unusual air about her that seemed very somber.  Even her eyes looked red, like she’d been crying.  I racked my brain to figure out if something had happened between her and Mike last night, but nothing came to mind.
“What’s wrong with—”
“You need to get dressed and come down to the living room — NOW,” Chloe ordered gruffly.  She never broke her stride or even glanced back as she marched towards the stairs.
“What’s your problem?” I demanded.
She didn’t respond, which was unusual.  Chloe was always one to snap back over anything.
With my bathroom-business complete, I grabbed my brush and stroked several questionable knots out of my hair.  I hadn’t seen mangled clumps like these since I was in grade school.  What the heck did I do in my sleep?  It kind of felt like I’d went to bed with it wet.  I didn’t remember taking a bath, but that had to be it.  I’ll not do that again, I grumbled as I raked and picked at an awfully stubborn spot.  Once my tresses were tangle-free and ponytail fastened in place, I figured, Maybe I’d better go downstairs… Daddy may have something else planned.
Standing in front of the mirror, that same strange feeling about my dress kept churning while I gazed at my reflection.  Then suddenly, a graphic vision of me, running through the woods barefoot and in a panic emerged out of nowhere.  The freezing ground was saturated with snow and sharp branches scraped my skin at every turn.  The scratchy sounds of fabric ripping tore straight through my body.  My eyes swelled, plagued by the vivid details.  They felt so real — too real to be just a dream.
What happened last night?
I bolted back to my bedroom and snatched the dress out of the hamper.  My eyes flared as I held it up.  My brand-new beautiful dress was nothing more than a tattered rag that stretched from my hands like a horrible hack-job of chain paper-dolls.  I was completely dumbstruck.  Crusty matte spots splattered the dangling strips of black fabric.  I pulled a section up to my nose.  They smelled an awful lot like blood.  Another unnerving vision surfaced.  I was lying on the ground covered in gashes and bleeding profusely all over my dress.  Feeling numb to the bone, the dress slipped out of my grasp and dropped back into the hamper.
What the heck is going on?  Why was I running through the woods?  It couldn’t be my blood.  I don’t have a scratch on me.
In a desperate fit for answers, I whipped off my pajamas (that I didn’t even remember putting on last night) and threw on a pair of jeans, along with the first sweatshirt I could find.  As I fumbled with my socks and sneakers, I looked out my bedroom window.  My eyes exploded with disbelief.  A thick coat of glistening white snow blanketed e-v-e-r-y-t-h-i-n-g in sight.  There had to be a good eight inches out there.
My head fell against the window frame.  When did THAT freaking happen?
Granted, the winter wonderland was downright astounding, but nowhere near as staggering as the cars I spied parked outside.  Samuel’s Jeep was out there, which was no real surprise, but the two City of Welch’s police cruisers and what looked like Dr. Albert Whitley’s silver Mercedes-Benz left me nothing less than utterly blindsided.
Why in the world are THEY here?  THIS EARLY? I wondered as I scrambled to get downstairs.
I landed in the foyer to see Officer Pete Ryan standing in the doorway of the living room.
Of all people, I thought.  I couldn’t stand him.  He was your typical A-hole cop who acted like he was God’s gift to women with his steroid-induced physique and cocky attitude.  I’d thought so many times about spitting on his food when he came by the Drive-In.  Though my own conscience wouldn’t allow it, I was pretty sure Charlie’s had been a little more lax in the past, since Officer Ryan always demanded his meals be “free-of-charge”.
He turned at the sound of my footsteps and gave me a look that appeared to be his version of solace.  My instincts kicked in, and I immediately prepared for something bad — but how bad, I had no idea.
Officer Ryan mumbled something as I walked past, but I was too focused on what was transpiring in the living room to comprehend what he’d said.  Charlotte was sitting on the sofa, my sister on one side and Dr. Whitley on the other.  Her face was puffy, and her red swollen eyes looked worse than Chloe’s.  Her head rested on Dr. Whitley’s shoulder as he held her in his arms while Chloe sat there gently stroking one of her hands.  Instantly, my heavy heart sank like an anchor.
Nothing good can come from this scene, I thought in silence.  All I wanted to know was, WHERE’S DADDY?
Samuel was talking to Marc Roberts, our Chief of Police, when he finally noticed my entry.  He rushed over and hugged me in a way he’d never done before.
What horrible thing could’ve happened to warrant an embrace like this?  I couldn’t take not knowing any longer.
“Samuel, where’s Daddy?” I asked cautiously.  Samuel never replied.  His only response was to squeeze me tighter, which only heightened my alarm.  “Sam—Samuel… Wh—Where’s Daddy?” I asked again through a cracking voice, determined to get an answer.
Charlotte let out a few whimpers and then started to wail.  I pulled free from Samuel’s grip and stared into his deep brown eyes — his undeniably sad eyes.  He didn’t have to say a thing.  My body went numb as a horrible dull ache surfaced in the pit of my stomach.  The next thing I knew, my floodgates had opened and tears were pouring from my eyes.
Chief Roberts walked over and gave my hand a soft squeeze.  “I’m very sorry, Shiloh.  I thought the world of him,” he said somberly.
Charlotte was still sitting on the sofa, being comforted by Chloe.  Neither of them looked my way.  I was devastated, but they weren’t interested in my feelings at the present time.  It just confirmed that with the loss of the only person in this family who loved me — I was now officially alone.
Dr. Whitley rose to his feet.  “Excuse me, Charlotte.  I need to check on Shiloh,” he remarked.
Charlotte whimpered, “But what about ME?  I was his wife!”  She continued to sob.  “Now, I’m no—nobody’s wife!” my mother cried out and then dramatically hurled herself against the back of the sofa.
Chloe sprang into action and threw her arms around our mother, pulling her into a close embrace.  “I’m here for you, Mommy.”  Chloe threw an icy-cold stare my way and added, “Don’t worry.  We’ll get through this together.”
I knew it.  Definitely on my own.
Chief Roberts approached Dr. Whitley.  “Maybe you should give Charlotte a sedative, Doc?”
Dr. Whitley smiled assuredly.  “I already did,” he replied and gave his large black satchel a couple of taps.  “She should’ve already started feeling its effects.”  The good doctor greeted me with a sympathetic smile and a few pats on my back.
“How are you holding up, Shiloh?” Dr. Whitley inquired.
I ignored his question because I had a more pressing one of my own.  I took a deep breath and asked, “How did he…die?”  A nauseous wave rolled through my stomach as soon as I spoke that haunting, three-letter word.  Samuel placed his arm around me.  Dr. Whitley cleared his throat and composed himself in a more professional manner.
“It appears Caiden must’ve had a heart attack or possibly a stroke last night,” Dr. Whitley replied.  “There weren’t any signs of trauma on him, so the police have ruled out any foul play.  I’m sure he went quick and didn’t suffer.”
I walked over to the fireplace and stared at the burning flames.  As I watched them dance and flicker along the logs, I recalled seeing something burning last night, but I couldn’t tell what it was.  Dr. Whitley and Samuel were calling my name, but I was too busy piecing together last night’s events to acknowledge them.
“Who found him?” I asked listlessly.
“I did,” Officer Ryan spoke up.  “He looked to have been…well, that way for a couple of hours.  I found him around 4:30 AM this morning, when I was on patrol.  I saw his truck from the road and went to check on him, what with that freak snowstorm we had last night.  He must’ve been putting something in the bed of his truck when it happened.”
My eyes widened as I looked at the glowing flames.  I caught a glimpse of my father convulsing while his veins pulsated against the surface of his skin.  They were a strange bluish color — too intense to be natural.  Daddy was grimacing, and I noticed a set of matching blue handprints fading on his neck.  I remembered it perfectly, as if it had just happened a few seconds ago.
I spun around to Officer Ryan.  “What about the handprints around his neck?  How can you be so sure there wasn’t any foul play?  How else would they have gotten there?” I countered.
The entire room came to an abrupt halt.  No one said a word.  Even Charlotte stopped sniveling and formally acknowledged my presence with a strange expression.  Both officers looked at each other oddly, and then back over to me with a fixed stare of confusion.  In fact, everyone had that same look.  It was evident.  They all thought I was completely insane.
“There weren’t any marks, of any kind around his neck,” Officer Ryan rebutted as he cast a vain look of doubt my way.
Chief Roberts was next to chime in.  “I was close by and got there within a minute.  We didn’t see anything on Caiden’s neck, or anywhere else on his body for that matter,” the Chief added, defending his fellow officer and trying to put my delusional doubts to rest.
“But I SAW the blue handprints!” I lashed out at both of them.  “They were around his neck!  The horrid look in his eyes… Even the amount of pain he was in!  His veins were popping out of his skin.  It wasn’t natural!  Someone did — SOMETHING TO HIM!”  Their lack of competence as investigators had grated my last nerve.  I wanted answers, and I was determined to get them.
Samuel and Dr. Whitley looked puzzled.
“Shiloh, you were there?  Weren’t you at the dance?” Samuel asked.
“Yes, I was there!  I was in the bed of the truck…holding his hand.  He was dying right there in front of me!”  My body trembled as I relived the agonizing moment all over again.  I suddenly remembered the tracks I’d seen coming out of the mine.  “What about the tire tracks someone left in the parking lot?” I snapped at Officer Ryan.  Surely their “keen” detective skills would’ve picked up on that observation.
“There weren’t any tracks!” Officer Ryan barked.  “The entrance and parking lot were untouched.  No one had been in or out of there.  The only tracks were the one’s I made when I got there, and then the Chief’s a few minutes later!”
The Chief rushed over to Officer Ryan.  “Now Pete, don’t get so worked up,” he scolded.  “It’s obvious she’s in shock or possibly had a bad dream last night.”
“A bad dream?” I raged.  “Your police work is the only BAD DREAM I wish I could wake up from!  I know what I saw!  I was there dammit!”
“LISTEN HERE, SHILOH,” Charlotte growled as she jumped to her feet.  “I’ll not have you cursing like that in MY HOUSE!”  She sashayed over to Chief Roberts and placed her hands on his chest.  Charlotte halted her crocodile tears long enough to scold me some more.  “These officers have been so courteous to us this morning and have done their job above and beyond their duties.”  Charlotte ran her fingers through her over-processed hair and threw both lawmen one of her award-winning smiles from her pageant days.
I pushed my way through the room and leaned into my mother’s face.  I was livid.
“You can save those fake tears for my father.  He wouldn’t want you to cry for him,” I grumbled.  “Oh, and by the looks of it, you sure don’t need the added wrinkles from them!”
Charlotte’s hand flew up without delay, and in less than a second, it swiftly smacked my cheek.  But the funny thing about it, my head stayed perfectly in place.  Even stranger, it only felt like a light breeze had caressed the side of my face.  Charlotte on the other hand, had a much different account.  She squealed out an agonizing scream and was now hunched over, clutching her wrist.
I tuned out her theatrical display.  I was more interested in the image that had popped up when her hand struck my cheek.  I was lying in my father’s truck, and I’d just gotten backhanded — but it wasn’t by Charlotte.  I couldn’t quite tell who it was.  I started rubbing the side of my face, remembering how painful it was when it had happened last night.  I awoke from my daze to hear Dr. Whitley announcing that Charlotte’s hand was likely broken.
“ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?” my mother bellowed.  “IT’S BROKEN!  Why did you do that to me?”
Her hand was already turning blue.  Unconsciously, I rubbed my hand down my cheek.
Dr. Whitley examined the side of my face.  “Shiloh, you don’t seem to have a mark on you,” he said, befuddled.  “Not one mark at all.”
I brushed away his hand.  Charlotte continued to rant, milking all the extra attention for everything Ms. First Runner-Up felt it was worth (though the words she shot out would’ve made the foulest-mouthed trucker blush).
“Shiloh, why’d you go and do a thing like that to your mother?  On all possible days?” Officer Ryan scolded.  “She’s been through enough this morning!”
In an angry fit of total disbelief, I started pacing around the room, grunting uncontrollably and arms flailing about mechanically.  “ME?  Why did ‘I’ do that to ‘HER’?  Especially ‘TODAY’?”  I scowled at Officer Ryan and shook my head.  “You’ve got to be kidding!”  The next thing I knew, the smartass in me had taken over and out came, “Well, it is my birthday — I thought I’d give myself a present this year.”
Samuel rushed to my side and gave me a scrutinizing stare.  “Shiloh?  What’s going on with you, honey?”  If his brown eyes weren’t filled with enough heartfelt worry, it was evident from every line on his weathered face.
My raging emotions were making me antsy, so I pulled away from him.  “I’m fine, Samuel.  I’m just fine!”  More tears welled in my eyes.  “I just learned that my father’s dead, by a supposed ‘heart attack’, or a ‘stroke’ — which I don’t buy for a second… My mother is over there fussin’ about her hand that she broke by hitting my face… And a cop is telling me how I should be ashamed of myself… Yeah, I’m really fine, Samuel!  Everything’s all sunshine & lollipops!” I shouted.
My body dropped to the floor faster than the tears falling from my eyes.  Automatically, I lowered my head and wrapped my arms around my knees, curling up into a ball, right in the middle of the living room floor.
I overheard the Chief suggesting to Dr. Whitley that, “Giving me a sedative might be in order”.  I wiped my eyes and glowered at them.
“I don’t need anything!  Just leave me ALONE!” I snapped.
Then my mother chimed in.  “Give her one!  I don’t know what she’s capable of in the state she’s in,” Charlotte insisted.
I noticed that Dr. Whitley had already drawn a syringe from a vial he’d retrieved from his medical bag.  I whipped my head around towards Charlotte and sharpened my glare.
“Better yet, take her in and lock her up!” Charlotte urged.  “I’d hate for Chloe to be an orphan by the end of the day.”
In that one random second, eighteen years of nastiness came to a fateful head.
That did it.  I sprang to my feet and hurled myself at Charlotte, only to be restrained by both Chief Roberts and Officer Ryan.
Dr. Whitley grabbed my arm.  “Hold her steady while I stick her,” he hollered, sounding a bit winded.
As soon as I felt the cold swipe of the alcohol pad hitting my skin, I knew what was going to happen next.  These idiots are hell-bent on sedating me!  A small stream of medicine shot out of the syringe as Dr. Whitley readied his aim.  He attempted a swift enough stab, but in a strange stroke of luck, the long needle broke without even penetrating my skin.
“Keep her down, guys,” Dr. Whitley called out.  “I’ll draw another one.”  He drew the second needle even quicker than the first.  “Damn,” I heard him say under his breath, “This one broke, too.”  He started to grab another syringe from his bag when I wiggled free from both officers’ clutches.  I immediately sprang to my feet and turned towards the door.
Officer Ryan grabbed a hold my ankle.  Instinctively, I kicked my leg sideways to break free.  My mouth dropped open when I looked back to see the cocky policeman flying across the living room — just before he crash-landed into Charlotte’s curio cabinet.  I stood paralyzed by the sight him rolling around the base of the cabinet, covered in fragments of glass and cheap wine.
My mouth fell open.  Oh CRAP…
Chief Roberts appeared equally stunned by what he had witnessed — one of his best and brawniest officers had just been taken down by an eighteen year-old girl.
“Shiloh!  Now, you need to calm down!” Chief Roberts demanded, sounding just as shaky as he looked.  “Just let us help you do that.” 
“I’m fine.  I think you guys are the one’s who need to take it down a notch,” I called back, taking a defensive stance.
Charlotte ran over to Chief Roberts waving Officer Ryan’s stun gun that had landed on the floor.  “HERE!  Use this!” my mother insisted.
My eyes rocked into an unbelieving glare.
Chief Roberts seemed apprehensive.  “I can’t do that to Shiloh, Charlotte.  Put that thing down!” he ordered.  Samuel hurried over and snatched it out of my mother’s hand.
“I’m leaving now,” I called out as I stormed towards the door.  I looked back to see Chief Roberts charging at me.  Again, my reflexes took hold as I threw up my arms and pushed forward to block his grasp.  As soon as his body hit my hands, the force of the blow miraculously catapulted Chief Roberts straight into the staircase with a noisy “crash”.  He took out most of the lower banister and then rolled down the steps in a stupor.  I gasped at the sight of a second officer down in my house — by my hands.
I grasped the knob and flew out the front door.  Samuel was calling my name as I slammed it shut, but I couldn’t stay.  I had to get out of here.  My car keys were up in my room, so I had no choice but to run —anywhere— just to get away.
An ominous roar of thunder rolled throughout the sky, and the clouds flashed violently with flares of sporadic light.  It began pouring rain.  “Cats and dogs” would have been an understatement.  The torrential rainfall was starting to wash away the snow at an uncanny rate.  With no keys and nowhere else to go, I hopped off the porch and started off down our road, heading around the mountain.  I wasn’t paying any attention to where I was going.  Several cars had to swerve out of my path.  The drivers screamed out a few obscenities as I bolted down the road.  The sound of the their horns blaring in my head was maddening, so I blindly veered off the street and raced into the woods.
Thunder continued to rumble as the harsh, chilly raindrops steadily pounded my skin.  I ran as hard and as fast as I could, needing to escape from everything.  I was like a ticking time bomb, and my emotions were acting as the detonator.  Charlotte’s wicked tongue, people who didn’t believe me (as well as giving me crazy looks), and the inescapable thought that I had witnessed my father’s death and for some unknown reason, couldn’t or wouldn’t help him — those thoughts coursed through my head like a spark searing its way along a fuse with no end in sight.
Before long, the snow had disappeared from the surrounding landscape, but the rain kept beating down.  I carried on at my current pace for a few more minutes, at least until I slipped on some wet leaves while trying to dodge a large tree that had popped up out of nowhere.  I tumbled down a hill and came to a stop by the side of a road.  I rolled over on the wet ground, covered in freshly fallen leaves, and looked up at the dismal autumn sky.  I lay there, trying to see if the rain could wash away all the teardrops that had stained my face.  I wished they could somehow cleanse my emotions and allow me not feel a single thing.  The pain in my heart was too agonizing to bear.
The sound of a car barreling down the road alerted my ears.  Though I ran the risk of being run over if it hydroplaned and skidded in my direction, I didn’t move an inch.  There on the cold wet ground, I listened to the water channeling through the tires as it approached.  I didn’t care, not one little bit.  A corpse couldn’t feel anything, especially grief.
The car came to a stop beside me.  I didn’t look over, but I soon noticed the flashing blue and red lights revolving in the air around me.  Perfect… I guess when you waylay two of Welch’s finest you become an instant outlaw.  I still didn’t know how I was able to do that to them.  I’d just passed it off as an adrenaline rush fueled by my volatile emotional state.  Then again, maybe Welch’s finest weren’t so fine after all?
The next thing I knew, a West Virginia State Trooper was standing over me.  He was throwing on his rain poncho as he kneeled beside me.
“Miss, are you okay?” the trooper asked.
I figured I’d better play a little nicer with this officer of the law.
“Yes, Sir,” I replied.  “I’m fine.  I was jogging and slipped.”  He helped me to my feet.
“You know, you could get run over out here by the road, Miss.  You need to be more careful,” he advised.  The name engraved on the badge of his uniform read, “Burks”.
“Yes, Officer Burks.  I’ll be more careful,” I assured him as I knocked a few wet leaves off my jeans.  Trooper Burks nodded and smiled.  He acknowledged the horrible weather with a tilt of his head while the raindrops smacked the plastic cover stretched over his wide-brimmed hat.
“You’re not really dressed for a run…not in this kind of weather.  Can I give you a lift to your house?  A young lady really shouldn’t be out here all alone.”  He shook his head and carried on with his stern, but courteous chastising.  “I wouldn’t like it if my daughter was out in the middle of nowhere running around on a terrible day like today.  Does your father know you’re out here?”
My bottom lip quivered.  “No, Sir… He sure doesn’t.”  I lowered my head and stared at the repetitive patterns of the raindrops as they struck the ground.
“Well lucky for him, I came along.  Come on.  I’ll take you home.”  The tall, yet intimidating officer led me over to his cruiser and opened the passenger-side door.  Once inside, he grabbed a couple of towels for me to dry off with and handed me a warm blanket.
“Okay, Miss.  Where do you live?” Trooper Burks inquired as he cranked up the engine.
“A left at the fork…right by the mine,” I replied as I began to towel dry my drenched golden locks.
“Claybourne Mine?” Trooper Burks asked curiously.
“No,” I answered somewhat surprised by the crazy assumption the trooper had made.  Why on earth would he think that?  His question was oddly amusing, but I decided to correct him, respectfully.  “No, Sir.  Riverside Pocahontas Mine.  You know…on Highway 52?”
“Okay, Miss,” Trooper Burks replied shaking his head while he looked to see if it was clear to pull onto the road.  He paused for a moment and turned to me.  “Just how long have you been running today?” he asked.
What a weird question, I thought to myself as I tugged on my seatbelt.  I glanced down at my watch.  It’s only a quarter to seven.  I haven’t been running long.  Fifteen minutes or so?  I smiled back at the officer, clicked my belt into its buckle, and turned to look out the window as we pulled onto the road.  My eyes lit up and a sinking feeling followed when I spotted a road sign just a few feet in front of us.  It read:

Beckley — 2 miles
Welch — 51 miles

I glanced at my watch again and then whipped my head around for a quick double-take, only to see the back of the sign fading in the distance.
No way!  That’s IMPOSSIBLE!  I couldn’t have run over fifty miles in fifteen minutes… There’s no way I’m in the NEXT COUNTY!  I slumped down in my seat and stared out the front windshield in a daze.
“It’s still morning…right?” I asked nervously.
“Yes,” Trooper Burks confirmed with a laugh.  “Are you sure you didn’t hit your head back there when you fell?”
“Yes, Sir.  I’m sure I didn’t,” I mumbled.  That was the only thing I was certain of at this point.  I propped my head up against the window and stared hypnotically out at the scenery as it rolled by.  My mind replayed all the oddities that had transpired this morning — namely my unnatural strength in fending off two police officers, and just now, running 50 miles in about 15 minutes.  I needed answers to some awfully peculiar questions that were churning.  All of them led to what happened last night, so I knew exactly where I needed to start.
On the drive back to Welch, I noted two advantages of riding with a State Trooper: They drove fast and people got the heck out of their way.  Needless to say, we reached the city limits in no time.
“If it’s okay with you, could you drop me off at the mine, instead of taking me home?” I asked politely.
“I’m afraid not,” Trooper Burks declined.  “I think you should go straight home, Miss.  I want to make sure you arrive at your house, safe and sound.”
I didn’t take him for someone who could be easily persuaded.  I pouted quietly as we headed down Highway 52.  All I could think over and over in my mind was, I want to stop by the mine.  Please drop me off at the mine.  Just let me out at the mine.
We approached the fork, but instead of taking a left to head up the mountain, Trooper Burks continued straight and then turned off to the right — down into the mine’s parking lot.  He was so adamant about “taking me straight home” a few minutes ago.  I turned to thank him, but I noticed the trooper was now sporting a somewhat vacant look.  He slowed to a stop and simply stared out the windshield.
“Miss, you’re at the mine,” Trooper Burks announced, but never looked my way.  He seemed to be just staring off into space.  Though I was grateful, I couldn’t help but wonder what had prompted his change of heart, especially since the trooper somehow didn’t seem “all there”.  I opened the door and crept slowly out of the vehicle.
I replied with an ambiguous, “Thank you…?”  He never responded.  I shut the door softly and watched him drive off.
That was crazy…
I headed over to the parking lot, where my father’s truck was in the process of being towed.  I got there just as Hank Sheppard, who owned an auto shop in town, was about to start hooking up Daddy’s truck.
“Wait a second, Mr. Sheppard.  I need to get something,” I hollered.  The tiny man, well into his early 70’s, walked over and gave me a hug.
“I’m so sorry to hear about your father, Shiloh.  Caiden was such a good man.  Did you know he worked down at my garage when he was your age?”
“Yes,” I nodded.
“I hated when he left to go work for the mine.  Caiden was the best mechanic I ever had.  I missed him then, and I miss him now,” he insisted with a somber, teary gaze.
I patted his shoulder.  “He really thought the world of you, too,” I acknowledged.  That was true.  Daddy was always telling me funny stories about Mr. Sheppard, and that he missed working for the “old coot”.
Mr. Sheppard grabbed a rag from out of his back pocket and blew his nose.  “Did you need to get something out of here?  I was about to tow it up to your house.”
“Yes, umm…” I hesitated.  I really didn’t have a plan laid out.  I just needed some time to jog my memory some more.  “Could I have a few minutes, Mr. Sheppard?”
“Take all the time you need, honey.  I’ll run over and pester Uriah for a bit.  He’ll love that.”  Mr. Sheppard smiled and then headed over to the security gate.
I stood there in the rain staring at my father’s truck with a wary eye.  After I’d circled it several times, I opened the driver-side door and climbed up inside.  I got a bit misty when I realized I could smell him — musk aftershave and spearmint gum.  I found myself taking several long, deep breaths.  As I clutched the steering wheel, another vision began to emerge.  His cell phone was ringing.  I whirled my head around when I recalled seeing something flashing underneath the old weathered tarp lying in the truck bed.
I hopped out of the cab and walked back to the rear of the vehicle.  I lowered the tailgate nervously.  No sooner than I’d climbed inside the bed, I remembered exactly what I’d seen earlier — every heart-wrenching image.  I closed my eyes and shuddered.  Somehow, I could even feel the pain he was in.  I wiped away a tear streaming down my cheek and took a deep breath.
Why didn’t I HELP HIM?
I began to sense something — fear.  My eyes focused in on a small dent that had been punched into the back of the truck’s cab.  A terrifying jolt ripped through my body.  Someone had attacked me, but somehow I’d managed to jump out of the truck.  Once I’d climbed out of the bed, I felt an uncontrollable urge to walk towards the road, which I automatically followed.
Standing beside the highway, my eyes scanned the line of trees that lay on the opposite side.  My gaze honed in on a particular spot as the feeling urged me to enter the woods right there.  I hurried across the road and traveled down to the area in question.  Intuitively, I pushed back the tree limbs.  As I entered the woods, I could see myself running through the thick brush.
That’s how my dress got ripped, I recalled.  I was running like the wind away from something, but I still had no idea from “what”.
I carried on uphill for several minutes.  Up ahead to the right, something black caught my eye.  I ran over and grabbed what ended up being a tuxedo jacket from off a bush.  I instantly knew it was Ty’s.  I remembered him giving it to me when we were in the parking lot.  Right before that snake attacked me!  A shiver ran down my spine at the sight of it slithering towards me.  I’d killed it with my shoe.  Good aim, I noted.  I folded the tux jacket over the bend of my arm.  Surely he’ll need this back.  Instinctively, something assured me that I didn’t head this way and to go back to the left instead.  Once again, I followed my gut and trekked up the mountainside some more, until I’d reached a clearing that lay below one of Shiloh Ridge’s cliffs.  Instantly, my anxiety clamped down on me like a vice.
What on earth would’ve made me come up…HERE?
I continued to prowl the clearing as my eyes panned across the edge of the cliff.   A cluster of bushes looked eerily familiar.  My senses told me something had been stalking me, and that I’d jumped into the bushes to hide.  The vision was so frightening that I had to scope out my surroundings — just to make sure I wasn’t in any present danger.  No one was around, so I continued to focus on my memory.  I recalled someone cackling and screaming out my name in a wretched voice as I stared intently at one particular bush.  I could see myself hiding behind it, and then someone reached for me.
I gasped loudly.  It was Mike!  Mike Riverside!  He was the one who had been chasing me.  I shook with fright as all the details of the encounter surfaced.  His eyes were the most frightening of all — eerily hollow and as black as coal.
Why was Mike acting LIKE THAT last night?  That relevant fact was still hazy.
I remembered seeing the falcon attacking him, and that something had pushed me out of the way.  I walked over to the bottom side of the ridge where I landed after that purple cloud of “whatever” had thrust me against the mountainside and dragged Mike away.  I waited for another nugget to surface, but nothing came.  My mind felt just as blank as this morning, like the cosmos had abruptly flipped off the switch to my brain.
Dead end, I huffed as I stared at the wall of earth in front of me.  If I got away from Mike, then WHY didn’t I get help for Daddy?
I stood there for several minutes, attempting to recall something — ANYTHING.  But no matter how hard I tried, nothing else came to mind.  Disgusted, I started kicking twigs on the ground and throwing rocks around the clearing.  I acknowledged that I, the eighteen year-old, was having a three year-old tantrum, but I didn’t care.  I knew there were more answers to be uncovered.  I was so frustrated that I took my foot and kicked the side of the mountain underneath Shiloh Ridge with all of my strength.
All of a sudden, the ground began to shake.  I jumped back from the side of the ridge to watch several rocks beginning to slowly crumble away from the earthy surface in front of me.  When the rumbling stopped, a small opening to what appeared to be a cave had revealed itself.
Cautiously, I crept over to the entrance.  A soft light was radiating from somewhere deep inside it.  I wasn’t quite sure how I was going to make my descent.  I poked my head inside the strange cave.  The mysterious light illuminated an uneven sloping trail that hugged the side of the cavern all the way down.  It looked like some sort of naturally formed staircase, but still steep and extremely dangerous, nonetheless.
My instincts urged me onward, so I thought, What the heck, and entered the cave.
Slowly, I followed the stairway of jagged rocks downward as I clung to the cavern’s wall.  The further I descended, the more the light seemed to intensify.  Its source turned out to be lit torches hanging sporadically on the cavern walls.  Those didn’t ring any bells, but then again, neither did the staircase I was following.  I carried on until I’d reached the bottom of the cave.  I looked up at the entrance.  About a couple hundred yards, I guessed.  While my eyes wound back down the intricately crafted rock stairway, I felt an inundating sense of déjà vu.  I’d definitely been here before, but I got the distinct feeling I hadn’t arrived the way I’d just come.
The cavern’s interior was enormous.  Its walls were earthy, dark, and rugged.  I observed a field of stalactites above me that dangled from the ceiling like massive, jagged fangs.  There were numerous column-like stalagmites rising from the ground as well.  They were bizarre-looking, almost like they didn’t feel natural and certainly unlike any I’d ever seen.  They were black and felt like coal.  I didn’t know how it was possible that coal could form in such a way.  The cave looked like it had been hollowed out ages ago, and the air was surprisingly warm.
A surging feeling of distress besieged my entire body.  Instantly, I remembered falling into the cave.  I saw my body plummeting from the entrance above, and then bouncing against the rocks, until it finally came to a stop when I’d crashed onto a boulder.  I patted myself all over to make sure I was okay.  My mind revealed an image of a very scared and injured girl.  I was a mangled mess of cut flesh and broken bones.
How could that be?  There’s no way I could’ve survived a fall like that, let alone be walking around today without so much as a scratch on me…
I remembered the moonlight streaming in through the small opening at the top of the cave.  My eyes led me over to the rock formation that I’d gazed upon last night.  I saw something lodged in the structure.  I hastened my gait as I headed straight for the object lying on the rocks.  I knew what it was before I reached it.  All of my memories had returned.  As I climbed up the side of the formation, my eyes spotted it — a six-sided crystal of some sort, about four feet long, and several inches thick.  I still desired to touch it like I had just hours earlier, even though it wasn’t shining like before.  It lay fused to its rocky coal base, now dull.  Its vibrant energy that I’d witnessed last night had somehow fallen inert.  I remembered how its light had been beaming so intensely that I’d found myself helplessly hypnotized by its beauty.
Cautiously, I reached for the crystal.  My hand hovered over it for a moment, and then carefully, I lowered my index finger to touch a spot on its shaft.  All of a sudden, the crystal illuminated magnificently, just under my finger.  Startled, I drew my hand back quickly, even though I knew it hadn’t hurt.  I moved my hand back towards the wondrous crystal.  This time, I allowed all of my fingers to stroke it, back and forth, on one of its smooth sides.  I watched the light dance within the crystal, just underneath my fingertips.  Again, I found it uncontrollably mesmerizing.  It reminded me of those novelty static lights you would see in the movies, in some mad scientist’s lab.  It tenaciously flowed and followed my every touch, while a surge of awesome energy pulsated through my body.  I’d never felt more alive or so strong, and my mind had a sense of clarity that I could have never imagined.
“Nice to see you used the stairs this time…Shiloh,” a voice called out casually.
I removed my fingers from the crystal and spun around straightaway to see Professor Tanner Grey sitting on the base of the rock formation.
“What are YOU doing here?” I blurted.
I may have been taken aback by his presence, however he didn’t appear the least bit surprised to see me.  The handsome professor simply donned a slick smile and raised his brow, but he said nothing.  I could feel his hazel eyes piercing through me.  That only heightened my confusion.
“Where is HERE?  How do you know about this place?” I demanded in a shaky voice.
“I’ve known about this place for many, many years,” Professor Grey revealed as he rose to his feet.  He twisted up the mound of rocks, headed towards me.  “It’s about time you found it.  I was starting to get…concerned.”
“Concerned?  About me finding this deathtrap?  Oh, I found it!  Every inch of it last night, to be exact.  But something tells me that you already know that,” I asserted while I rubbed my arm and reflected on the injuries I’d received after my harrowing free-fall.
“You cleaned up all right,” Professor Tanner Grey quipped as he walked past me and gave my back a firm smack.
His bold gesture forced my eyes to roll into a stunned glare.
“About that… What happened to me last night?  And on an additional note, ever since you and your employer have come to town, some really bizarre things have been happening to me, and I think — no, I’m certain that you know why, don’t you?”  My suspicions were escalating, and I had a gut feeling that this was the guy to give me all the answers I’d been seeking.
Professor Grey’s sly grin slowly disappeared from his handsome face.  He reached for his necklace, the one that held the mysterious tiger’s-eye stone, and removed it from around his neck.  He laid it down on a rock beside him.  His seductive hazel eyes were sparkling fervently as he approached, like the facets on a gemstone, and they were now a vibrant purple hue.
“Ugh!  ‘Menu’ — MY ASS!” I scoffed.  As much as I loved to embrace an I-told-you-so moment, I was bewildered as to how he could make his eyes change colors like that, and why he had lied about it.  Professor Grey took my hand and gently placed it back on the crystal.
“Do you know what this is?” Professor Tanner Grey asked while his bewitching eyes gazed deeply and profoundly into mine.
“It looks like some sort of crystal rod… I think,” I answered uncertainly.  “But I’m not a Geology professor,” I added smugly, trying to shake off the effects of his obvious charms.
“Good thing,” Professor Grey jeered.  “Wrong on both counts.  It’s a wand, and it’s not just any crystal.  It’s a diamond.  The most powerful diamond…well gemstone, for that matter, in the entire world.”
My eyes widened as I looked down at the strange, but fascinating wonder.  I felt as if my brain had been split right down the middle.  The logical side was thinking this was the most dramatic and hokey bunch of crap I’d heard in a good while.  The most “powerful” diamond in the world — and it was buried deep within the recesses of West Virginia — of all places?  But in spite of that, the speculative side of my brain was spinning with intrigue.  After all, my humdrum life had been unexpectedly turned upside-down by numerous strange occurrences over the past three days.  This was what I’d been in search of —answers— even if they sounded as crazy as the questions.  I figured it couldn’t hurt to play along.
“Okay… What’s it doing here?” I asked as I pointed to the ground.
“It was hidden here many years ago to ensure its whereabouts remained a secret until its rightful owner could claim it,” Professor Tanner Grey replied in a very serious tone.
“Why HERE?  This spot, in West Virginia?  Of all places?  Underneath Shiloh Ridge?” I probed suspiciously.  I watched him purposely pick up one of the rocks lying in the formation, which I recognized instantly.
“The wand needed a source of carbon to keep its charge, to preserve its powers…its life force.  That’s what you saw running under your fingers.  Its raw energy.  The carbon from the coal was strong enough for the diamond wand to maintain its strength, but still weak enough not to alert others to its presence, keeping its location a secret.”  He tossed the hunk of coal back onto a pile and blew its dust from his fingers.
“Next question,” I continued, “Who hid it here?  And why does a diamond have a ‘life force’ and glow like that?  I mean, it’s not possible.”  I gazed at the wand, still baffled by its presence here, as well as its sheer existence. 
“Have you ever heard of a Talisman?” Professor Tanner Grey inquired as he circled me with a calculated gait.
My mind became inundated with all the fantasy stories I’d ever read.  “You mean like a necklace or a charm that’s supposed to bring you good luck?  That kind of talisman?”
Professor Grey let out a subtle laugh, appearing to be amused.  My eyes narrowed as I turned to scrutinize the diamond once more and then redirected my stare back to him.
“Are you telling me that this is some sort of talisman?” I speculated doubtfully.
Professor Tanner Grey stopped directly in front of me, merely inches away, and raised his brow.  “No,” he announced boldly.  “This is the Wand of Adamas… The most powerful force on the face of the earth.”  He then gently brushed a few strands of hair away from my ear and leaned in close to whisper, “You, Shiloh… You’re the Talisman.”


Chapter  13  —  Such Sweet Sorrow

I stood there dumbstruck while the words echoed in my mind.  “I’m a…Talisman?”  It sounded even more ridiculous rolling off my own tongue.  I couldn’t help but laugh uncontrollably, not knowing if I was more amused or frustrated by Professor Tanner Grey’s flippin’ crazy announcement.
In the midst of my laughter, I noticed his sly grin had flattened out.  His arms were now crossed, dug in like a tick at his waist, and his brow jumped when he let out a cross laugh of his own.
“Shiloh, a Talisman isn’t some random trinket someone wills themselves into believing possesses magical powers that brings them fortune or even luck.  Only an exceptionally unique person can release a stone’s power.  Time has twisted the interpretation of what a Talisman is, and what we can do.  A half-truth that I’ll admit has been a blessing to our kind’s need for secrecy.  Simply put…you, Shiloh Wallace, are one of these special individuals.  Fate chose you the moment you were born.”
Though my amusement had come to a halt, I was still unwilling to submit to his lunacy.
“Well, I guess someone needs to call Merriam-Webster and inform them of their typo,” I quipped.
Professor Grey shot me a stony look and let out a pandering laugh.  “I know you’ve had eighteen years to form all sorts of opinions about what’s real and what’s make-believe, but trust me, little girl…this isn’t some notion of fantasy,” he lectured sternly.  “This is who you are, so the sooner you wrap your head around that fact, the easier it’ll be to open yourself up to this new world.  After all, it wasn’t Merriam-Webster that healed you from your near-fatal injuries last night.”
The harsh reality of his last statement forced me to deliberately question the impossibility of last night’s miraculous healing.  Something repaired my mangled broken body, I confessed silently as my mind continued to process his claims.
“A Talisman, huh?” I asked uncertainly.  Professor Grey’s violet eyes lit up as he stepped closer.
“You’re not just any Talisman, Shiloh…You’re the Talisman.  The one who now possesses the most powerful and sought after stone in the world…the Wand of Adamas.”
My eyes flared.  Suddenly, I remembered why the name he’d just mentioned sounded familiar.
“Who is ADAMAS?” I demanded gruffly as I jumped away from him.  “My father called out that name when he was dying.  Did Adamas do that to my father?  Because I know it wasn’t a heart attack that killed him!”  Hysterical with suspicion, I shoved Professor Tanner Grey away as he tried to take my hand.  His eyes softened with a sigh.
“Adamas is…long gone.”  There was an undeniable sadness in his voice.  “He’s the one who was originally bound to the stone.”  Professor Grey sat down on the rock formation and began to unveil the mystery surrounding the diamond wand and its previous owner.
“Adamas was the most powerful Talisman who roamed the earth.  He was revered by all others like him and feared by those who dared to challenge him.  Some wanted Adamas out of the way, so they could reign over the wand.  They knew the only way to claim its power was to kill him.  Throughout the years, Adamas saw his demise three times through premonitions.  Twice, he was able to identify his betrayers and thwarted their plans.  The third vision however…” Tanner Grey’s voice trailed off in a foreboding tone.  “The premonition wasn’t clear.  Adamas could never see who the traitor was.  He would rather surrender the stone willingly than have it taken upon his death.  Adamas scoured the earth in search of various places to hide the wand, along with his other treasures, so that in the event of his death, they would remain protected and not pass on to his murderer.  He thought this spot was the perfect place to hide the wand.  Its power would be undetectable while it lay here retaining its charge.  These lands were relatively untouched by man, so he hollowed out this cavern many years ago.  Adamas relinquished his right to possess the diamond wand and marked that one day it would be revealed to its next rightful owner.  That person is you, Shiloh.”  Tanner Grey rose to his feet and walked towards me.  “It’s always been here…waiting for you.”
I stared at the earthy floor of the cave and scanned every rock on its surface while my mind processed his assertions (for the fifth time).
This is IMPOSSIBLE!  It can’t be real… Could it?  Noting my skepticism was starting to dwindle, logic begged a question of its own.
“But why me?  Of all the people in the world…ME?”
“Because Shiloh, it’s your destiny,” Tanner Grey revealed with an air of certainty.
He called my name several times.  I’d heard his voice, but I couldn’t acknowledge him.  My mind was preoccupied, confounded by the idea that “the cosmos” had decreed what “my destiny” would be, as if I had no say in the matter.  No say whatsoever.
Tanner Grey sensed my struggle.  “Shiloh, no matter how far-fetched this sounds, and no matter what you’ve been taught to believe all your life, this is a reality, and it is your destiny.”
“My ‘destiny’?” I questioned pessimistically.  “Up until last night, my ‘destiny’ consisted of graduating and going off to college… Getting a good job… Maybe even getting married one day and possibly having kids… That was MY ‘destiny’!  At least, that’s what I’d thought it would be!”
Confused and disgusted, I paced back and forth, arms flailing and ranting.  “At no time, did I think I would be running for my life from a cloud of black fog that was trying to choke the life out of me…or hearing someone’s horrible thoughts…or even seeing crazy things that weren’t there, only for them to eventually come true!  Oh, and my personal favorite — having gigantic snakes pop out of freaking nowhere, trying to kill me!  All this, is because I was ‘destined’ to fall down a hole and grab a glowing stick?”
“I’d say that sounds about right,” Tanner Grey chuckled.
I threw him a dirty look as I plopped down on the ground.  I found myself curling up into a ball to hide from my so-called “destiny”.  Tanner Grey halted his laughter and was by my side in an instant, attempting to console me with a tender embrace.
Without fail, that peculiar euphoric feeling of ecstasy and tranquility resurfaced, except this time it was even stronger.  I felt like nothing could harm me while I was in his arms.  Even the grief I felt for my father had vanished.  I knew I was still sad, but my emotions were no longer bleak.  When I broke free from his embrace, every grim feeling reemerged.  I looked into the two violet pools sparkling before me.
“What gives?  Why do I feel so blissful when I’m around you…touching you?” I demanded.  Tanner Grey acknowledged my curiosity with yet another sly grin.
“That’s an ability I draw from my stone, the amethyst.”  He held up his right hand to reveal the same striking ring I’d seen in my vision on the dance floor last night.  Spontaneously, I started to blush as I thought about how I’d yearned to kiss his lips (or Ty’s).  I tried to quickly usher those thoughts out of my mind.  I couldn’t be sure, but I got the impression he may have sensed what I was feeling because that less-than-subtle grin of his began to stretch across his face like a daggone rubber band.
“Let’s just say, I can make a person’s troubles disappear,” he added confidently.
“So, you’re a Talisman?”  Deep down I already knew the answer to my question and strangely found myself more accepting of their existence.
“Yes,” he stated proudly.  “In fact, I’m one of the original Talismans in The Guild.”
“The what?” I inquired.
Professor Tanner Grey straightened up, composing himself like he was about to lecture a class.
“The Guild is a group of Talismans whom Adamas trusted with his own life.  We banded together and vowed to keep a vigilant watch over the earth and all its creatures.  Not to allow any of their powers to corrupt them and maintain peace between them.  Well, as much peace as you can expect from some of them, that is.”
Something about his admission struck me as odd that warranted further inquiry.
“Creatures?” I asked, trying to get some clarity.
“Other Talismans, for a start…” he revealed.  “But The Guild was more concerned about all the other supernaturals.”  One of his eyebrows rose as he studied my reaction to his admission.
My heart skipped a beat.  “What do you mean by ‘other supernaturals’?”
Tanner Grey laughed as he rose to his feet.  “For someone who’s having a hard enough time struggling with the fact they possess an ability that’s contrary to the course of how they perceive nature, you sure seem quite interested in the subject all of a sudden.”  He smiled and walked over to the rock formation where the wand rested.  His tone turned serious.  “In good time, you’ll be faced with having all of your wits and wisdom tested on what truly lies out there, Shiloh.  Trust me on this.  You need to take things slow and allow this new world’s mysteries to be revealed to you, one at a time.  You’ve already been through a lot…in such a short amount of time.”
Crap… That sounds ominous.
Tanner Grey obviously wasn’t going to delve into the subject haphazardly, but I didn’t see the harm in asking him a few questions about things that I’d already witnessed.  I decided to kick off my interrogation with a question that had nagged me since I was five.
“What was that black—”
Tanner spun around and interrupted me.  “Fog?  The thing you were running away from when you crashed into me on the ridge the other day?  The shadowy being that possessed your friend last night and tried to finish you off for good?”
I confirmed his questions with a shaky nod.  His open and unnerving admission that there was something lurking out there —determined to kill me— frightened me to my core.  Hell, even Charlotte had never said she wanted me dead.  At least I didn’t think so…
“That was Dunamis,” Tanner Grey revealed, “the betrayer who Adamas could not see.  The Guild hasn’t referred to him by his real name for many years.  He’s known now only by his origin stone, the Onyx.  The Onyx has known for a while that the diamond wand was placed somewhere around here.  A spell was put on this cave many years ago to prevent him from entering in case he happened to discover its exact location.”  Tanner pointed to my neck.  “The Onyx is also responsible for placing a sardonyx in the locket of your necklace.  He did so to warn him if you stepped one foot on this ridge.  Kind of like a his own supernatural radar.”
A feeling of uneasiness shot through my body, forcing me to stiffen up.  “WHAT is in my necklace?” I asked, now full-on alarmed.
“A sardonyx,” Tanner replied.  “It’s a black onyx that’s been spelled with his dark powers.  The white hatches marked on its surface will tell you how strong the curse is.  A black sardonyx grants the Onyx some control over the person who carries it.  That’s the real reason why your locket would never open.  You were never meant to discover what lay inside it.”
Stunned, I placed my hand over the spot where the oval locket had once rested.  “But my mother gave me that locket years ago.  It couldn’t have been cursed.  Chloe’s got one just like it.  Would hers be cursed as well?”
“Not likely.  As far as your mother being the one who gave it to you…that really doesn’t matter.  Shiloh, a sardonyx could’ve been placed inside it at any time.  Most likely right before she gave it to you.  The Onyx only needed to kill you out of necessity — to keep you from finding the cave and claiming the wand as your own.”
Flabbergasted, I reflected aloud, “All these years…I never wanted to take it off.  I just thought I didn’t because it was the last thing my mother had given me…out of love.  I had no idea I couldn’t remove it because of some evil spell.”
Tanner interjected, “The necklace didn’t remain around your neck because of the curse.  Shiloh, being a Talisman is in your blood.  Even though you hadn’t claimed your stone, some of its abilities were locked away in the deep recesses of your mind.  The diamond is a very psychic stone.  It allows your mind not to be influenced by others through thought, like the suggestive chants of a spell.  Your love for your mother did keep it there.  That’s what the Onyx was counting on — your emotions.  Only you could remove it willingly.  Time was running out, so that’s why other means were necessary.”
“By what ‘other means’ are you talking about?” I inquired.
“The cologne, of course,” Tanner Grey proclaimed.  “I have to admit, that was my ingenious idea…though I did have some help planting it there.”
I remembered seeing my feathery little friend perched outside the open window.
“The bird put it there?” I inquired, struggling to believe it.  Tanner flashed a cocky smile, clearly gloating.  “But how did you know Katie would pick that particular fragrance?  Charlotte had about twenty bottles on her dresser.”
“Well,” he started to reveal, “Most women find its scent enticing, and men find it absolutely irresistible.  You have to be careful with it.  Its magic is rather potent.  The first guy to catch a whiff of its scent will find himself obsessed with its female wearer.  I know the Talisman who whips up the little concoction of pheromones, flowers, and…rubies.  She’s made a fortune on that cologne over the years.”
“What are the rubies for?” I asked.
“For dispelling love.  In fact, I would be willing to bet that the only other thing that rivals its ability to rip love apart at its seams, is inking a tattoo with a lover’s name,” he stated with a confident snicker.  “Now that’s a powerful jinx.”
“Don’t get too cocky,” I rebuked.  “I was pretty mad at her last night.  I don’t think I needed any ruby’s help.”
Tanner Grey frowned.  “Not to worry.  The effects of the ruby have already worn off.  How do you feel about her now?”
I didn’t have to contemplate that question for very long.  “She’s pretty much a bitch,” I replied with a vigorous nod while I reflected upon every horrible thing she’d ever said or done.  Something still left me puzzled.  “I’m curious.  If men find it so ‘irresistible’, then how does it dispel love?”
“Lust isn’t the same as love, Shiloh,” Tanner Grey acknowledged with certainty.
True, I thought as I was reminded of Mike’s strange behavior at the dance.
“But the necklace was burning the skin around my neck last night…like it was on fire.”
“That’s an unfortunate side effect of rubies,” Tanner replied.  “They’re very protective and a bit volatile, like the Talisman who claims the stone.  The ruby potion sensed the sardonyx around your neck and well, it forced you to remove it.  However, they do come in handy if someone attempts you any harm.  The slightest touch of the cologne will engulf your attacker in flames.”
My mouth dropped open.  “That’s how Mike’s…um, the Onyx’s hands caught fire?”
Tanner Grey’s cocky smile returned.  “See… It did come in handy after all.”  He nudged my shoulder and added, “Like I said, ingenious.”
I couldn’t help but be amused by his cheeky self-promotion.  Even though Professor Tanner Grey was quite the charmer, a part of me still wanted to smack him.  Now that one of my burning questions had been answered, I figured I would hunt for a few more.
“Do rubies make you have visions?  Like premonitions?”
Tanner let out a playful grunt and rolled his eyes.  “You ask more questions than any of my students.  No.  Rubies don’t, but emeralds do.  Emeralds allow you to see random, future events.”
“The whisky?” I quizzed, wide-eyed.  “So, I wasn’t drunk.  I was actually seeing things that were going to happen.”
“Exactly.  Once I’d counteracted the whisky’s intoxicating influence, you were left with its other effects.  That’s another talent of mine.  I can detoxify most anything.  It especially comes in handy when dealing with poisons, but unfortunately not all of them.  Definitely not ones that are supernatural in nature.”  He laughed, “After all, I couldn’t bear the thought of contributing to the delinquency of a minor.”
“But what if Mike hadn’t brought it?” I countered.
“Let’s see… A guy stops by a teenage boy’s house on the night of a dance with a very rare and expensive bottle of whiskey…that his father knows nothing about?  Are you kidding me?” he asked doubtlessly.
He had me on that one.  “I suppose.”
“But to err on the side of caution, I may have taken a sip of ’ole Emerald Eyes to see if he would take the bait, and if you would end up drinking it — just in case.  You needed to have your guard up last night and that was the most practical, yet I’ll admit, unorthodox way to go about it.”
“But I didn’t see my father dying…or Mike attacking me!  I could’ve used a little heads-up on those,” I snapped in a sudden burst of anger.
“I said the visions were random,” Tanner Grey replied defensively.  “And let me correct you.  You didn’t see the Onyx attack you.  Adamas didn’t either, remember?  For some reason, the emerald’s powers can’t predict the Onyx’s actions.”
I sulked for a moment.  I truly wished I could have seen a vision of my father dying.  Maybe I could have prevented it somehow?  That was my only regret.
I raised my hand and stared at my little golden topaz ring.  Tanner walked over and gave the stone a flick with his fingers.
“That little thing won’t be of much use until it’s recharged, preferably with something stronger than sea-salt,” he commented.  “I’m afraid you drained most all of its power last night.  I suggest bathing it in the light of the next full moon.  Moonbeams are your only option when you use too much of a stone’s power in a short amount of time.  That’s this Friday night, and it’s supposed to be a blue moon as well.  Moonbeams from a true blue moon are extremely effective.”
I looked at Tanner curiously as I held up the ring.  “Was this part of your ingenious plan, or is Ms. Sutherland a—”
“Yes,” he interrupted.  “She’s a Talisman.  Giving you the topaz was her idea.  She thought its protection might come in handy.  Actually, Beatrix has been watching out for you since you were born.  She was with me last night when I carried you out of here and took you home.”
“That’s how I got home?” I blurted.  I started thinking back to how I’d woken up without any memories of what had happened last night — how I got home or even getting into bed.  My eyes popped open.  “HOW did I get into my pajamas?” I snapped, tugging my sweatshirt closer to my chest.
Tanner jumped back and raised his arms defensively.  “That was Beatrix!” he insisted with a laugh.  “But don’t worry.  I don’t think she was looking.”
Feeling a little more at ease after that disclosure, I quietly mulled over the vision I’d seen of Ms. Sutherland last night.  Oh yeah, I was already planning a little chat with the sweet & innocent elderly “blind” lady about that functioning third-eye in the middle of her forehead, rest assured.
“Only golden topazes can protect you from death,” Tanner Grey revealed.  “That’s why your fall and all the injuries you sustained from it didn’t kill you last night.  Once you had claimed the diamond wand and its powers, you could heal yourself.  The golden topaz also granted you its power of invisibility last night.”
I gazed intensely at the sparkling golden stone.  “Is that why Mike…I mean, the Onyx, couldn’t see me?”
Tanner nodded his head and smiled.  “But I saw you,” he revealed.  “Just remember you have to be specific when you call on the stone’s power of invisibility.”
I remembered cowering down, focusing on the black fog that was trailing away from Mike.  I was praying that “he” wouldn’t be able to see me.  My thought prompted a question.
“I asked not to be seen by him as I thought about the black fog.  What if I’d asked specifically not to be seen by Mike?” I inquired.
“We probably wouldn’t be having this conversation right now,” Tanner Grey replied bluntly.  “Remember…be specific,” he warned critically.
“So, the Onyx can just pop in and out of people, no matter who they are, or where they’re at?” I asked nervously.
“For some reason, only at night,” Tanner Grey revealed.  “He usually chooses a man.  I’ve never known the Onyx seizing the body of a woman, but it’s possible.”
“Will Mike remember anything?”
“No.  There’s no chance of that.  From the moment he was taken and up until his release, his mind is no longer his.  Even his soul will feel like it’s been ripped out and returned to him in shambles.  His body will ache for several days as well.  Oh, and by the way…he’s okay, just so you know,” Tanner Grey replied with a hint of sarcasm.
Shamefully, I acknowledged Tanner with a low nod.  Honestly, Mike’s safety was the last thing on my mind.  After the way “he” or “the Onyx” went after me last night and kept me from saving Daddy, I wouldn’t have cared if Tanner Grey had dropped kicked his ass clear off the mountain.  Though now knowing Mike had been “occupied”, my feelings about him were in the middle of having a change of heart, but they weren’t quite there yet — not by a long shot!  I was still pretty pissed.
Tanner Grey began to elaborate more on my assailant.  “Dunamis is a very powerful Talisman.  He rivaled Adamas in many ways.  No one ever knew he could transport his soul into the earthly body of another.  When the Onyx, inhabits a human’s body, he replaces their soul with his.  He can’t do it with the body of a Talisman or any other supernatural.  The person is under his complete influence, and the host’s soul ceases to exist.  It’s trapped in a state of torturous purgatory until it’s released.  The Onyx’s dark power feeds off his victim’s souls.  It’s not a natural occurrence, even among our kind.  The only time a Talisman’s soul can leave their body is when they die.  The Talisman’s powers, along with their soul and all of their memories, surrender themselves back to their stone of origin, their fated birth-stone.  Somehow Dunamis figured out how to do it and has used it as one of his most powerful weapons against The Guild for all these years — the element of surprise and secrecy.  One of my duties has been to keep track of him and find a way to kill him.  It would be detrimental for everything in existence if the wand were to ever fall into the Onyx’s hands.”
“How’s that workin’ for you?” I quipped.
Tanner Grey’s violet eyes darkened.  “Cute,” he replied with a grin.  He took my hand once more, in a soothing way.  “Shiloh, I think you need to head home.  That’s everything you need to know…for now.  I can feel every emotion that’s churning inside you.  Go home and face your grief today and surround yourself with your loved ones.”
Now that I knew about his influence over my emotional state, I quickly jerked my hand from his grasp.
“My loved ones?” I questioned.  “I’m about to bury my loved one.”
I grabbed Ty’s tuxedo jacket and stormed off, headed for the winding stone stairs in a huff.  I would rather be anywhere else than at home, facing my father’s death and having to deal with my so-called, “loved ones”.  Still curious, I halted and spun around.
“Okay… Let’s say I totally believe everything you’ve just told me.  What about the diamond’s powers?  What are they exactly?  I know I just ran fifty miles in about fifteen minutes, and I waylaid two of Welch’s finest officers with no effort whatsoever.”
Tanner Grey approached me as I waited at the base of the cavern steps.  “Don’t worry, little girl,” he assured with a steely look.  “You’ll soon have plenty of toys to play with.  Now, go home.  Straight home,” he ordered, pointing his finger up to the mouth of the cave.
“Ugh!” I grunted and then stomped up the steps like a pouty child.  I’d like to drop kick his ass into a curio cabinet when he calls me “little girl” like that.  I was almost halfway to the top when Tanner called from below.  Frustrated, I turned and hollered back, “WHAT?”
“One more thing,” he remarked gruffly.  “Stay away from Lazarus Xcavare.  You’re not to go near him and don’t even think about touching him.  No questions — just heed my warning.”
For some unknown reason, Tanner’s decree didn’t strike me as odd, but I was definitely intrigued.
“Why not?” I posed.  Lazarus Xcavare was creepy for sure, and I was the unfortunate person who’d felt every raw and sinister emotion he carried inside him, as well as listened in on his thoughts.  His royal-blue stone ring came to mind.  “Is he a Talisman, too?”
“Yes, he is,” Tanner Grey admitted reluctantly.  “But he’s not like us.”
“What do you mean, ‘not like us’?”
“Not all Talismans are about peace, Shiloh,” Tanner Grey stressed.  “Lazarus came here in search of the wand.  I know for a fact that he’s been heightening his search for the stone over the past few months.  Why or how he ended up here, in the very spot where it was hidden, I haven’t figured out yet.  Lazarus can somehow sense the diamond’s presence through the earth’s soil…I think, but I’m not sure how he’s doing it.  I’ve only known of one other Talisman who can sniff out a stone’s energy like that.  Its more than just a coincidence.”
Tanner sighed and continued his lecture.  “Your powers are evolving, even as I’m speaking to you.  Lazarus Xcavare’s stone is the Lapis Lazuli, and it bears a tremendous amount of psychic abilities.  The diamond wand that your strengths and abilities emanate from will also make other Talisman’s powers a hundred times stronger when they’re in your presence.  That’s one of the things that make the wand so irresistible and turns wanting its powers into a maddening obsession.  If Lazarus even suspects you now rule over the diamond, he’ll kill you without thinking twice about it.  If your powers haven’t fully culminated, I’m afraid you won’t stand a chance.  So, I’ll repeat…STAY AWAY FROM HIM!” Tanner growled.
The tone of his warning fueled my suspicions.  Granted, if what he’d said was true, then staying away from Lazarus Xcavare was the prudent thing to do.  But something inside me suspected he wasn’t being entirely truthful.  I couldn’t help but think about how the ring on his finger was similar in color to the handprints around my father’s neck.
“Is that the only reason I should steer clear of him,” I probed, “or is there something else?”
Tanner said nothing.  I let out a sharp grunt as I turned around and then raced the rest of the way up the steps.  I was just about to exit the cave when my departure came to a startling halt.  Tanner Grey had whisked up the winding rock stairway past me, in the form of a purple mist, and was now standing in my way.  His sultry, yet stern eyes stared into mine like a teacher would a disobedient student.
“I mean it, Shiloh,” Tanner Grey warned as he hovered in front of me.  “Stay away from Lazarus.”
I glared at him for a moment, noting that the heat radiating from his eyes matched my own, and then pushed past him to exit the cave.  Once I was well out of his influential presence, all of my despair swiftly returned.  Thunder was still rolling throughout the sky above, and it hadn’t stopped pouring rain.  Defiantly, I headed back down the mountainside and never glanced back.  I didn’t feel like going home — not yet.  There were too many memories that were sure to haunt me.  I knew I would have to deal with them eventually, but I wanted to delay my misery for as long as I possibly could.  My body was numb, but I could feel a dull and dismal ache churning inside me, welling in the pit of my stomach like a sickness that had no cure.  An inconsolable heartache tortured me now.  There were no predators stalking me, or any excruciating injuries ravaging my body, just wretched emptiness where my heart used to be.
Before long, I’d reached the tree line and heard the roar of several cars whizzing by as I emerged from the tall pines.  I decided to wander over to the mine for a while, instead of heading home to my “loved ones”.
What a crock!
Daddy’s truck was gone.  Mr. Sheppard had towed it to our house, I presumed.  To my surprise, someone had thoughtfully placed a large wreath on the entrance gate.  Beautiful white lilies flowed around a circle of greenery and framed a simple gold cross that hung from its center.  My eyes began to tear up at the sight of the sympathetic gesture.  A couple of miners had just finished up changing the letters on the outdoor sign that usually announced their union meetings.  It now read:

OUR BROTHER, CAIDEN
YOU WERE DEARLY LOVED
YOU WILL BE DEEPLY MISSED

The compassionate act of his union brothers forced even more tears to surface.  I stood there transfixed on the heartfelt message.  I was in such a daze that I didn’t realize someone was behind me until a hand landed on my shoulder, gently.  I turned to see Samuel standing by my side.  No sooner than he’d opened his arms, I fell into his soothing embrace.
“Let it out, honey.  You’ve had a great loss.  We both have.  He was like my brother, Shiloh.”
My tears continued to fall.  “I loved him so much, Samuel.  I feel abandoned…like I don’t have a father,” I sniffled.
“You still do, baby girl.  He’s just in a much better place now, but you still have me.  You’ve always been like my daughter.  I know I can’t replace him, but you can count on me for anything, just the same.  I know he would have wanted that.”
I wiped my eyes and smiled.  “Thank you, Samuel,” I said appreciatively and hugged him even tighter.
“Now,” Samuel grinned as he stepped back and lifted up my chin, “Let’s get you home and out of this rain.  You’re drenched.”
I couldn’t argue with him on that point, but I really didn’t want him to take me home.
“Do we have to go there?” I pleaded as he opened the passenger-side door and motioned me inside.
“Yes… But don’t worry about earlier,” I heard him say as I climbed into the Jeep.  “Turns out Chief Roberts and Officer Ryan aren’t pressing any charges against you.  I guess they want to keep the fact they had their butts whipped by an eighteen year-old girl ‘under wraps’.  I suppose that was little more than their fragile egos could handle.”  Samuel winked at me as he jumped into the Jeep.  “Congratulations.  You’re not a fugitive after all.”
“Yay for me,” I replied half-heartedly as Samuel cranked up his old Jeep.
“So, Shiloh…What was that this morning?” Samuel asked with obvious concern and a searing hint of curiosity.
Undoubtedly I was going to have to do some heavy explaining to all the parties who were present this morning.  Well, maybe not to the officers.  I doubt they’ll want to bring it up ever again.  An off-the-cuff theory came to mind.
“A freak rush of adrenaline?” I replied.  Samuel rolled his eyes and shot me a look of disbelief as we wound up the mountain.
“Try another one,” my surrogate father swiftly cracked back.
Fooling Samuel wasn’t going to be easy.  A little creativity was in order.
“I don’t know, Samuel.  It had to be some kind of hormone surge.  Come to think of it, I’m about ready to start my—”
Hastily, Samuel interrupted me with a flustered, “Okay, okay — I’ve got it!”  I turned my head towards the side window to hide my grin.  I didn’t know if he’d truly bought it, but he sure didn’t bring it up again.
Samuel was pulling up to the house before I knew it, regrettably.  We sat in silence for a moment.  The only sounds were from the raindrops tapping against the soft top on his Jeep like a sad repetitive song.
“Do you want me to come in with you?” Samuel asked.
“No,” I declined politely as I directed a blank stare towards my father’s truck.   “I’ll be fine.”  Samuel could plainly see my emotions weren’t coinciding with my words.
“Shiloh, I’m here for you…whenever you need to talk about anything.  Anything at all.”  He smiled and lifted my chin.  “No matter how crazy.”
I had to force a smile.  “I know, but I don’t feel like talking right now…not to anyone, about anything.”
That was partly true.  I didn’t want to talk about my father’s death.  The wound was still so fresh and my emotions were too raw.  I didn’t want to be filled with constant reminders, like that I would never catch him downstairs in the morning making blueberry pancakes, or I would never be woken up to the sound of him sawing wood in his workshop during the middle of the night.  However with everything I’d uncovered today, I was bursting at the seams to tell someone about my discoveries, but I knew I shouldn’t, or rather couldn’t.  Samuel was very lax the other day when I’d told him that I could hear Lazarus Xcavare’s thoughts, but I didn’t think he would be as carefree with his rationale when it came to the subject of  ‘Talismans’ or other ‘supernatural creatures’. 
Samuel nodded.  “I understand.  Call me if you need anything.”  He paused to look at the house and then turned his worried gaze back to me.  “Even if it’s a place to stay for a spell,” he added with a serious nod, fully aware of how horrible Charlotte and Chloe could be.
“Oh, I’ll definitely call you if I need that.”  I gave Samuel a hug, grabbed Ty’s tuxedo jacket, and hopped out of his Jeep.  Still not caring one iota about the rain, I wandered listlessly towards the front porch and waved to him as he drove off.
I turned the antique-white ceramic knob on the front door.  It’s locked.  I shook my head as I stared up at the porch ceiling.  Well, you did run off without your keys, idiot.  I took my foot and flipped up the doormat.  No spare under there.  After one hellacious deep breath, I rang the doorbell.
I pressed it several times.  When no one answered, I began to pound on the door.
Eventually, I heard someone sashaying into the foyer.  A shadow fell over the peephole straightaway.
“Yes.  WHO is it?” Chloe sang snidely.
“Not funny, Chloe.  I don’t have time for this.  Open the door,” I demanded, crossly enough to drive my point home.
“I’m sorry,” my little sister apologized with a laugh.  “I’m not sure if I can let you in.  The last time you were here, you acted like a roughneck brawling in a bar.  Mom made me clean up the mess YOU MADE all by myself because she had to stop by the hospital and see about her hand — THAT YOU BROKE!”
I ignored her wisecracks and pounded even louder on the door.
“Let me in!” I yelled.
“Daddy’s service is tomorrow morning.  Hey — Katie did such a good job getting you ready for the dance.  Let’s see how she does making someone over for a funeral,” Chloe snickered.
Since she was dead-set on tormenting me, there was only one thing for me to do.  I walked over to the front living room window, laid Ty’s jacket on a chair, and picked up a wrought iron plant stand sitting on the porch.  Suddenly, a wave of exhaustion overcame me, causing me to stagger backward.
“I’ll tell you what,” Chloe called out, “If you managed to pick up some manners while you were out, I’ll let you in.  How’s that sound?”
I could hear her laughter intensifying.  I didn’t have time for her little games, especially now.  Not only was I well past pissed, I could feel myself growing weak and strangely queasy.
Okay, if that’s how she wants to play.  I removed the plant and swung the sturdy wrought iron stand against the fragile windowpane.  Glass came crashing into the living room.  As soon as I’d tossed the plant stand down on the porch, that “sick feeling” started to subside.  Mentally, I deduced it was stress —Chloe-stress— that had been the culprit.  Then I picked up Ty’s jacket and hopped through the broken window effortlessly, making sure I cleared any large shards.
I looked over at Chloe, who was standing in the doorway with her mouth gaped open.  I pointed to the fragments of glass that now littered the floor.
“You missed a spot,” I simpered snidely as I threw the jacket over my shoulder and strode past her.
“I’m NOT cleaning that up!” Chloe raged.
I smiled and kept trotting up the stairs.  “I wasn’t the one Mom told to ‘clean up the glass in the living room’!” I called down to her and gave my bedroom door an extra-hard slam.
I threw myself against the door and slid down to the floor.  My closet door was open, and I stared at the Lavish garment bag still hanging on the hook.  My bottom lip began to quiver, so I clenched my lips together and took a deep, calming breath.
Everything reminds me of him.
Even though I didn’t feel like talking, I needed some sort of connection to the outside world, especially if I was going to hold up in here for a while.  I felt so low I figured, Why even get up, and just crawled over to the nightstand where I’d plugged in my cell phone.
I looked at the screen.  Full charge, I noted.

Missed Calls: 1
Voicemails: 1
Missed Texts: 38

Most of the texts were from Katie and a few from some of my classmates at school, telling me how sorry they were to hear about Daddy.  There was one from Charlie, instructing me not to even think about coming in to work next week and two from Ty.  The first one was from late last night.  It simply said, “I’m waiting.”  The last one was just as straightforward.  “I’m so sorry, Shi.  CALL ME.”
I couldn’t deal with returning his text right now, let alone talking to him.  What reason would I give him for not calling him back last night?  Mike was possessed, and he attacked me?  Last night’s little scuffle between them in the parking lot would seem like a tickle-fight compared to what would probably come from that disclosure.
Listlessly, I pressed the button to listen to the voicemail as I picked myself up off the floor and crawled into bed.  As soon as I heard the voice on the phone, I gasped.  My eyes began to flood with tears as I listened to the message.

Hey, Shiloh… I wanted to wish you
an early Happy Birthday…
I hope Bea didn’t work you too hard today…
Look in your closet before
you head out to the dance…
There’s a little somethin’ in there for you…
But don’t worry, you’ll still get
your cake in the mornin’.
I love you, Shiloh…
I’ve loved you from the first
moment I held you in my arms,
almost eighteen years ago…
Like I told ya, I knew you were special,
and I know one day, you’ll finally see
just how special you truly are…
You were brought into this world for a reason,
not just to make your old man proud…

Goodbye, Shi

Hearing my father say the taboo word he would never utter when we parted was haunting.  He was right.  “Good-bye” sounded truly irrevocable —so final— especially now.  I threw my head against the pillow and curled my body under the sheets.  His message spoke to me almost like he knew what was headed my way.
How did he know I’m supposedly “special”?  I quickly dismissed the implication from my head.  Of course every father tends to think that their daughter is special…but could he have known his end was near?  That was the one question I pondered all afternoon and well into the evening.
I cried myself to sleep, heartbroken but still thankful for my accidental birthday present — Daddy’s message.  His voice saved forever for only me to hear.


Chapter  14  —  My Tears Fell Like Rain

After a long night of tossing and turning, I found myself wide-awake fairly early.  I rolled over to check the time.  4:59 AM.  The sun wouldn’t rise for another hour.  I hadn’t gotten much sleep last night.  Aside from the crying and sad reflections, the thing that baited my thoughts the most and forced my mind to race wildly was the question I kept repeating over and over — WHY?
Why did Daddy have to die?  He’d been murdered, but why?  Why can’t anyone else see that?  I’d finally gotten a few answers to some of my questions.  However the answers, as irrational as what they were, led to even more speculation.  Why did I stumble upon that diamond wand?  Why the heck was that thing buried in, of all places, my backyard?  A Talisman?  WHY ME?
My father’s funeral was in just a matter of hours.  What shred of peace my isolation had provided would eventually come to an end.  I would rather sneak off to the funeral home to say my farewells to Daddy alone than be surrounded by people constantly telling me “what a great person he was” and that “he’ll be missed”.  I already knew that.  An “in-your-face reminder” wouldn’t serve any sort of purpose.  It would just feel like salt being ground into a fresh, deep wound, and its sting would be nothing less than grueling.  I gazed at my little golden topaz.  Why couldn’t you make me “invisible” today?
I lay in my bed for a few more minutes, staring at the ceiling without purpose or reason.  Whether I’m in here or out there, all of my problems will still shadow me.  Might as well get up while everyone else is still asleep.  I threw back the covers and planted my feet firmly on the floor.  There was no need to get dressed.  I still had on my clothes from yesterday.
I pulled open my lavender bedroom door and listened.  I found the stillness of the dark, lifeless house very soothing.  Despite the fact that I’d spent most of yesterday locked in my room, I needed the solitude my emotions craved.  I crept out of my bedroom, making sure not to rouse Chloe, and tiptoed down the hall.
I arrived downstairs to the soft pitter-pat of raindrops hitting the roof of the front porch.  I rubbed my eyes and peered out the broken living room window.  Still raining.  My eyes were swollen from the countless number of tears that had fallen.  I’d never cried that hard, for so long in my life.  The emptiness of the house overwhelmed me, and I felt more about to surface.  I took a deep breath to hold them back, but it was pointless.  They were just like the drops of rain.  Nothing could stop their imminent fall until the ugly veil of darkness lifted.  And sadly, I couldn’t foresee my heartache being eased by any sunny breaks in the clouds any time soon.
I wandered over to the fireplace, still plagued by the horrible image of Daddy suffering.  I could see everything with such clarity and felt every ounce of his anguish.  My anger escalated as I thought of all the random visions I’d had on the night of his death.  In spite of my induced clairvoyant state, I couldn’t see my father’s death or who had killed him.  That’s what pained me the most.
I ran my hand along the grain of our oak mantle and stopped at the spot where Daddy’s Christmas stocking would hang, year after year.  Then I turned towards the corner of the room where our tree would stand.  I could picture Daddy setting it in place like it was yesterday.  Picking out our annual Christmas tree was always one of our special outings.  Charlotte and Chloe would stay home while Daddy and I drove over to Beckley to select one from Mr. Bennett’s tree farm.  Although the drive there and back took about three hours, we would make a day of it.  Charlotte didn’t have a clue that we would sneak off to watch an afternoon matinee and pick out a tree later, after the movie.  Daddy always followed up our yearly tradition with a stop by Lynn’s Diner for two steaming cups of hot cocoa topped with whipped cream and extra mini-marshmallows.  My mother always looked madder than a hornet when we returned.  She never understood why it took us so long to pick out a ‘simple’ Christmas tree.  Like clockwork, Chloe would be whining for Daddy to hurry up with the lights, so he could lift her up to place the star on top.  Chloe never let me touch it.  She claimed it was a job for “fairy princesses” only.  I’d let her have her way, without any fuss, while I thought about our secret outing where fairy princesses weren’t allowed.  That helped take away some of the sting.
I found the reflection surreal.  There would be no more moments like that.  Last year’s Christmas with my father was now to be known as my last.
A loud rumble rose from my stomach.  My appetite was nonexistent, but considering I hadn’t eaten anything yesterday, I figured it would probably be wise to throw at least a piece of toast inside my tummy.
As I crept towards the rear of the house, something in the dining room caught my eye.  I paused for a moment.  Apparently some folks had stopped by yesterday to pay their respects.  Our long, cherry dining table was littered with numerous cake containers and fancy gift baskets.  One in particular caught my eye.  It was a large cornucopia, with various fruits cascading out of it.  It was very cheery and festive, but lying on the dining room table the way it was, forced another disturbing image to emerge.  Solemnly, I stared at the empty armchair at the head of the table.  Thanksgiving was right around the corner.  There would be no “Daddy” sitting there, carving our turkey and stuffing his gut this year… No one helping me prepare any of the food for our feast… No one to watch the Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade with me… No one to place bets with on all the football games over the holiday.  That chair would inevitably remain empty — just like my heart.
I continued down the hall, not knowing if the pains rising from my belly were actually from hunger or my own sorrow.  I staggered into the kitchen and threw two slices of bread in the toaster.  I was feeling a bit parched, so I poured myself a glass of orange juice as well.
I nibbled on my modest breakfast while I absorbed the loneliness of the kitchen.  I would have given anything to turn back the clock — just to be in this very room with Daddy, eating his blueberry pancakes.  Why was I such a stickler about being on time?  I would’ve run late in a heartbeat if I’d known our conversation that morning would be our last.  In fact, I wouldn’t have left at all.
I aimlessly looked around the kitchen as I sipped on my last bit of juice.  There was a note written on the white message board above the phone.

Ramsey Funeral Home
Wake at 11:00 AM
Funeral at Noon
Graveside Service
Luncheon to follow at Welch Annex

The terrible-twosome rarely wrote anything down.  Whether either of them did so for my benefit or not, I felt compelled to make some sort of peace offering.
I really don’t want this day to have any more drama added to it.  I’m already on Charlotte and Chloe’s shit-list.  I could make them some breakfast, and a little cooking might serve as a good distraction.  After all, it’s going to be a long morning, and even though I’m still pretty steamed about the applications, I did break the living room window on purpose… But the curio was truly an accident!
Roughly an hour later, a hearty batch of buttermilk biscuits, complete with sausage gravy, was ready to set on the table.  It was officially confirmed that I’d lost my appetite when I didn’t have the slightest interest in tasting a bit of it.  Once the eggs had been scrambled and placed in a serving bowl, I started brewing the coffee.
My eyes fell on Daddy’s thermos, which always rested to the right of the coffeemaker.  That thing will never leave the house again.  As soon as the coffee stopped brewing, I grabbed the old container and filled it up.  I don’t know what possessed me to do it.  Maybe I just wanted it filled one last time, the way Daddy would do so, right before he went off to work — no cream or sugar, just strong and black.  I had something in common with the old thermos.  It had been “abandoned”, just like me — but not by choice.
I heard someone coming down the hall.   It’s probably Charlotte.  She must smell the coffee.  I really didn’t want to see her just yet, so I grabbed the thermos and fled out the back door, headed straight for Daddy’s workshop.
The weather was still dreary and the rain didn’t seem like it was going to let up one bit.  At the sound of the thunder roaring above, I bolted across the yard and pulled the hide-a-key out from under the small terra cotta planter that set by the door.  I fumbled with the lock and hurried inside where I knew I could prolong my solitude.  Charlotte rarely came out to the workshop.  I knew she certainly wouldn’t venture out here in this weather just to pick a fight.  At least I didn’t think she would.
One thing was certain — it was still clean.  Daddy hadn’t been out here at all.  I still didn’t see the rush in cleaning it up for him that day.  Even though Daddy had claimed, “he had a lot of projects to work on”, I would be willing to bet he hadn’t stepped one foot in here since Thursday evening, when I showed him how I’d cleaned it up.
Odd…
I paused to take a drink of coffee from the thermos.  Yuck…  How did he drink this stuff?  No cream, no sugar — No taste!  I decided to forgo any thoughts of a second sip and got right to work.
There were a few little things I hadn’t gotten around to doing, so I figured, What the heck, and grabbed a broom to sweep up all the remaining scraps of wood lying on the floor.  I found a little comfort in knowing I was finishing this for Daddy.  It was the last official thing I could do for him.
As I swept, the broom accidently knocked over a drawer from Charlotte’s dresser that he’d been fixing.  It was almost finished, all that lacked was a new front to be cut and attached to the unfinished drawer box.
I spotted the furniture-grade, mahogany board Daddy had picked up to use for the new drawer front lying on top of the table-saw.  I looked out the window towards the house and then back at the lonely piece of wood.
Daddy would hate the thought of a project being left unfinished.  It wouldn’t take much, just a few cuts, countersink some screws, a couple of coats of stain, a little sanding, and slap on a new handle.
I noticed the board had already been measured and marked.  It was just lying there screaming, “cut-me, cut-me”.  I felt a little roguish as I approached the only piece of equipment Daddy had ever forbidden me to use, let alone touch.  But he wasn’t here to fuss at me.  I turned on the table-saw.  A part of me wished the door would fly open, and that he would come running in to punish me for even thinking about using such a dangerous piece of machinery.  I stared at the spinning blade.  I never understood what the fuss was about.  Daddy always said it could “kick-back”, and I might “pull back a nub”.  But it never kicked-back on him — ever.
Two cuts… That’s all.  I placed the board against the guide and took a deep breath.  Carefully, I ran it through the sharp titanium-blade and cut off the excess width.  Like cutting butter… Perfect.  I took a second to admire my work.  See, that wasn’t so hard.  I still didn’t see what all the fuss was about.
I flipped the board around and lined up its length, preparing for my final cut. As I started to slowly maneuver the piece of wood through the blade, suddenly, I noticed something out of the corner of my eye.  It was flailing about, knocking against the window.  I glanced over to see my feathery little friend flapping its wings, perched on the outside windowsill.  Unfortunately, I stared a little longer than what I should have, because at that moment, the table-saw unexpectedly kicked-back.  The jerking force threw my hand, along with the board, up and under its razor-sharp spinning blade.
I automatically closed my eyes and screamed to brace myself for what was sure to be a horrifically gory mishap.  I didn’t want to see what tragic scene lay before me, so I was too scared to open them.  I could envision an ambulance carting me off and missing my father’s funeral.  That was, if Charlotte even bothered to call 911 before I bled out.
Oddly enough, I didn’t feel any real pain, just a minor “tap” against my hand.  My rigid body began to loosen up, and I forced open my eyes.  I spied my hand firmly wedged under the saw blade that had stopped spinning.  Its claw-like teeth were just pressing against my hand.  The blade appeared to be stuck, while the motor continued to hum.
My hand isn’t cut at all…  There wasn’t even the slightest scratch.  I pried my hand out from under the blade and raised it for a closer inspection.
NO freaking WAY!  I was stunned by the miraculous turn of events.  I started thinking about what Tanner Grey had said about my “abilities”.  This surely has to be one of them.
Awestruck, I sidled over to the miter saw.  Any sane person would think I’d gone off the deep end with what I was about to do, but curiosity had just killed that poor little kitty.  I flipped the switch and lifted up on the handle of the saw blade.  I positioned my left forearm on the cold metal guide, took a deep breath, said a quick prayer that I was right, and slowly lowered the spinning blade.
The blade’s sharp teeth were just inches from my skin when I heard Charlotte scream out, “What are you doing out here THIS EARLY?”
Alarmed and a bit embarrassed, I stopped, threw the handle back up to its original position, and fumbled to turn off the saw.  I whipped around.
“Nothing… Just fixing that drawer front.  Daddy wouldn’t have wanted it to go unfinished.”  I prayed she hadn’t seen what I’d really been doing, but I wasn’t sure how long she’d been standing there.  Charlotte walked over to the table saw, turned it off, and picked up the jagged board I had ruined.
“Oh, good job,” Charlotte cracked, sneering at me.  “Caiden would be sooo proud.”  My mother tossed the mangled board into the trashcan and rolled her eyes as she prowled closer.
“I made breakfast,” I said in an attempt for some civility, especially after yesterday’s tense interaction.
“That doesn’t make up for your behavior yesterday or my smashed curio…not to mention, MY HAND!” she barked and waved her cast in my face.  “And you broke the front window, just because you were too stupid to remember to take your keys before you ran off.  UGH!  I hope you aren’t planning any of your little tantrums today.  I’ll have Chief Roberts lock you up and throw away the key.  Don’t think I won’t!”
I had to force myself to bite my tongue.  I was only doing it for Daddy.  I stood there wide-eyed, tuning out most of what she was saying while I thought, Why is she so evil?  That had been a 24 hour / 7 day a week job of hers for the past several years, which was done for the most part behind Daddy’s back.  With his passing, it would be a cold day in Hell before I ever saw an improvement in her attitude.
Yep, it’s all downhill from here.  Graduation can’t get here soon enough!
Being nice or thoughtful gestures might work on some mothers, but not Charlotte.  She wasn’t about to cut me any slack, not even on the day my father was to be honored and laid to rest.
Best to just avoid her altogether.
“Excuse me, Mother…I need to get ready.”  I started to walk past her, but she jumped in front of me, totally blocking my exit on purpose.  When I attempted to maneuver around her, she drove her shoulder into mine.  Assertively, I shoved her back, with just enough force to move her out of my way, but somehow I misjudged my strength.  I accidentally sent her stumbling backward, knocking her into Daddy’s red metal tool-chest.
She let out a snide gasp and stared at me in a state of disbelief.
Stunned and slightly regretful, I turned to head for the door.  As I pulled the knob towards me, I heard her say,

You’d think that selfish little twit would’ve
at least had the courtesy not to kill
herself on the same day I’m burying Caiden!
I’ll give her credit for a creative way
to slit her wrist though…
Maybe I should’ve let her finish?

I slammed the workshop door shut and whirled around.  “Did you SAY SOMETHING, Charlotte?” I demanded.  I was furious she couldn’t have cared less if I was dead or not, but I was even more irate at the notion she thought I would’ve actually done something like that in the first place!
“I didn’t SAY anything to you,” Charlotte snapped and shot me a look like I was crazy.  For a brief moment, I caught a glimpse of guilt dancing within her eyes.  She never made a sound, but her words rang in my ears as clear as a bell.

Crap!  I didn’t say that out loud… Did I?
No, no.  I couldn’t have… She’s nuts!
If her attitude doesn’t change,
I’ll have her committed.
Nah, I’d have to pay for that.
She’s eighteen now…
I can legally kick her ass out!

My face couldn’t have been any more motionless if someone had just pumped it full of Botox.  It wasn’t what she’d said that had me in such a stupefied state, but the realization that I’d heard the innermost thoughts of a person who wasn’t myself — AGAIN!  A grin stretched across my face as I turned and ran through the pouring rain towards the house.
Well, add “telepath” to the growing list.
I stepped into the kitchen to find Chloe seated at the table, wolfing down a hearty helping of the breakfast I’d fixed.  In a juvenile fashion, she never spoke and kept on devouring her food.  Though she did manage to stick out her tongue as I walked past, obviously still ticked about the window.
I headed into the hallway, but I paused so I could peek back into the kitchen.  Let’s see how this “trick” works exactly.
I cleared my mind and gazed fervently at my unsuspecting little sister.  She piled a second-helping of eggs and two more gravy-laden biscuits onto her plate.  The way she was scarfing down her breakfast, you would think she hadn’t eaten in days.  See… You wouldn’t have to gorge yourself if your diet didn’t consist of Diet Coke and celery sticks, knucklehead.  The corners of her mouth rose into a smirk as she tore into one of the biscuits.

Ha!  She’ll be the one cleaning up a mess when
she puts on her black pumps and
finds hair gel all gooped-up in the toes of them!

That little WITCH!  I started to head back into the kitchen to confront her immature, dastardly deed, but there wasn’t any way I could explain how I knew about it.  Another sneaky grin crept across my face as a playful thought ran through my mind.  I’ll have some “fun” with her later.
I ran upstairs and grabbed the shoes in question out of my closet.  Sure enough, they were filled with her pink-tinted hair gel.  Ugh!  I hurried to the bathroom to clean them up and dried them out with my hairdryer.  Disaster averted.
I spent the rest of the morning getting ready for the service and reminiscing about Daddy.  I lingered in the shower and pretty much poked through all of my morning rituals.  I pulled out a black fitted blouse and coordinating pinstripe skirt from the rear of my closet.  As predicted, they were more than a bit wrinkly.
I hurried downstairs to the laundry room.  While I waited for the iron to heat up, I noticed a familiar item of clothing wadded up in the laundry basket.  Daddy’s blue and white striped-shirt.  The one he wore when he went on his “secret errand” to buy my dress for the dance.  I snatched it up and held it close, the way a toddler would embrace their favorite blankie.
Tears began to well in my eyes.  I could still smell him.  His scent was unmistakably stirring.  I laid the shirt down and quickly ironed my clothes.  Once my garments had been properly pressed, I secured my newly discovered memento under my shirt and snuck back upstairs to my room.  I didn’t want anyone else to know I had it or even worse, mistakenly wash it.  I wanted it.  I needed it.
I placed the shirt in a bag and hid it in the back of my closet.  No one will touch it in here.  I couldn’t have been happier if I’d just uncovered a chest of buried treasure.  I shut the closet door and then finished getting dressed.  I looked over at my bedside clock.  It was already 10:20 AM.  Time to head out.
Chloe bolted into my room.  “It’s time to go.”  She looked down at my bare feet and asked sweetly, “Are you ready?”
“Yes,” I replied with the same loving tone I’d been dealt, “but I’m going to take my own car.  I just need to slip on my shoes.  Give me a second.”
I purposely pulled the shoes out of my closet, from the exact spot where she’d placed them, and laid them well within her view.  I guided both of my feet into the conservative black pumps and watched her eyes light up with triumph.
I grinned as I threw my purse over my shoulder and strutted past her, noticing my little sister’s victorious smile had shifted into a look of sheer puzzlement.
“Come on, Chloe.  We don’t want to be late,” I simpered with just a touch of drama.  She knew the jig was up.  Her daze turned to disgust as she pushed past me, knocking me into the doorframe.
“Hey, I’ll give you an A for effort,” I called out as she stormed down the steps.
We all piled into our vehicles and headed off down the mountain, straight for Ramsey Funeral Home.  Charlotte and Chloe were in the Cadillac in front of me, and I was alone in my Charger.  An attendant instructed us to line up behind the boxy black hearse when we arrived.  A chill would always run down my spine whenever I’d see one driving down the road, but today’s viewing was especially unnerving.  I knew who would be in there — not some random stranger, but Daddy.  The feeling of sorrow in my gut continued to swell.
Upon entering through the building’s double-doors, Mr. Bob Ramsey, the funeral home director, received us with a warm and heartfelt greeting.  I hurried over to the pedestal where the guestbook had been placed for visitors to sign.  I wanted my name at the top of the list.  I pulled the white quill out of its elaborate holder and started to pen my name in a very beautiful and precise script.  I hesitated.  I hadn’t signed my name with its correct spelling in years, not even when I’d gotten my driver’s license.  Daddy had given me that name, but with everything that had happened on that ridge, I still had mixed feelings about it.
Just as I’d made my decision and began to write, Charlotte rushed over and snatched the feathery pen out of my hand.
“I’ll be the FIRST to sign that, dear,” my mother scolded with a smile.  Clearly, she added that little endearment for Mr. Ramsey’s sake.
I watched her struggling to grasp the pen with her right hand, which was clad in a bulky plaster cast.  After fumbling with the frilly quill-like pen for a minute, she placed it in her left with an irksome glare.  She tried her best to sign her name on line number one, like she would if she was using her right.  I’d seen eight-year olds write their names in cursive better.
Fitting… After all, she’s acting like one.
As soon as Charlotte had finished, she passed me a smirk and the pen to Chloe.  Once her name had been signed, my little sister carried on with their juvenile display and handed the pen straight back to our mother, not to me.
I shook my head.  Of all times… NOW?
Charlotte placed the feathery pen back theatrically in its holder, threw her nose in the air, and trotted off into the viewing room.  I looked at the third line of the register and thought, It really doesn’t matter now.  I just signed my name like I’d done every other day of my life.  That “y” served as a crutch once more.
I took a deep breath and proceeded to head into the room where my father’s body would be lying.  I was halted when Mr. Ramsey placed his hand on my arm.  He motioned me back to the guestbook and flipped it over to the next page.  The tall, and usually intimidating man seemed very docile at that moment.
“Shiloh, I hope you don’t mind, but Mr. and Mrs. Dyson came by last night.  Rob and Evelyn had doctor’s appointments today and hated they weren’t going to be able to come to Caiden’s viewing.  I didn’t think you all would mind, so I let them see him late last night.  They were actually the first ones to sign the book.  See, right over here,” Mr. Ramsey said as he pointed to their signatures.  “They thought the world of your father.”
I felt fortunate I was able to keep most of my tears under control, but upon hearing the Dyson’s took the time to come down here and genuinely wanted to see my father off like that, my luck ran out.  Tearfully, I thought about how in a small-town like Welch, most people who came to these things treated a funeral more like a social gathering followed by free food — not all — but a good number of them.  Their heartfelt gesture touched my heart in a way they could never imagine.
I snatched a tissue out of a box lying nearby.  “That was so kind of them.  I don’t mind at all,” I replied, dabbing my eyes.  I was glad they were officially the first.  Mr. Ramsey gave me an endearing smile and started to walk away.  I quickly grabbed his arm.
“Don’t mention this to my mother.  I’ll tell her when the time is right,” I insisted and then headed towards the viewing room.
Like Mother’s Day…
My eyes honed in on the room’s obvious centerpiece.  The somber sounds of a piano playing in the background flooded my ears.  I walked along the red velvet runner in a daze.  Though the room was very bright and full of beautiful flowers, it seemed cold and dismal.  My heart pounded faster and faster with every step I took, until I’d finally reached the elaborate, dark walnut coffin.
I stood there and gazed at my father.  The funeral home had done an excellent job.  The handsome, but weathered coalminer looked soft and angelic resting against the pillows of tufted white satin that surrounded his upper body.  He lay there, dressed for the last time looking his Sunday best — decked out in his favorite black suit and a new, crisp-collared white dress shirt.  He was even wearing my favorite necktie, a modern harlequin design accented with muted fall colors.  I found that triviality very pleasing.  His hair was styled just as he preferred it, parted perfectly and flowing softly towards the left.  I remembered worrying about that last night, hoping whoever fixed it would get it right.  I softly ran my fingers along his cheekbone.  His skin felt cold — ice-cold — like I had grabbed something out of the fridge.  Though I’d found it somewhat startling, my fingers never flinched.  I guessed for some reason I expected it to be warmer, since his face was radiating a subtle glow.  The make-up may have fooled my eyes, but my heart was well aware of its artificial source.  Nevertheless, he looked at peace.
A tear streaked down my cheek as I thought about my father’s blue-green eyes, his kind eyes, while I gazed at his closed lids.  How they would light up whenever he smiled.  How energizing and uplifting they were.  I’ll never see them again.  I feared I would forget them and not be able to conjure them up in my mind at will.  Their memory had been replaced with the image of them on that fateful night — two murky pools of darkness.  The pain in his eyes would torment me forever.  My hands clinched the side of his casket.  I have to know who did this to you!  I heard some people dawdling up the aisle behind me.  I took a deep breath and looked down at my father once again.  And how did you know about Adamas?
No sooner than I’d turned around, I was bombarded with hugs and profound condolences.  So many people were flooding in to pay their respects to my father that it was overwhelming.  A wave of anxiety took hold of me abruptly, and I found myself struggling to even speak, let alone reciprocate any affection.  Finally, after the first group of attendees had passed, I managed to sneak off to the powder room to pull myself together.
As I emerged several minutes later, somewhat refreshed, I caught my first glimpse of Mike Riverside, huddled up in a corner by the main entrance consoling Chloe.  The last time I’d seen Mike, he was being dragged off through the woods.  Tanner Grey claimed that, “Mike was possessed by the Onyx”, but nevertheless, I hadn’t absolved him from the part he’d played in the evening’s harrowing events.  Realistically, I knew my anger was misplaced, but I couldn’t help it.  His presence annoyed me, especially knowing that he (well, his soul, that is) had kept me from getting help for my father.
Mike scanned the room in all directions.  I couldn’t tell if he was searching for someone, or if he was just nervous.  As our eyes met, I realized it was a combination of both.  Mike’s face became pale, and he seemed fidgety.
I overheard him tell Chloe, “You look like you need some air,” and then he swiftly ushered her outside.  Oddly though, he looked back my way repeatedly, almost like he was fixated.
Whatever… He’d just better make sure that his eyes are the only things on my side of the room!
Even though Tanner Grey had assured me that Mike wouldn’t remember anything about that night, his actions fueled my suspicions.  Was there a slight chance he actually did remember what had happened?  I intended to question him when the opportunity presented itself.  Something’s making him act funny.  However this, I thought realistically, is not the time, nor the place.
As I headed down the hall, I spotted Uriah Hatfield and nodded to him.  His only response was a gentle nudge as we passed each other.  I supposed that was the gruff old security guard’s way of expressing his sympathy.  Though I had to admit, it was the first time I’d ever seen the hint of a pleasantry from the normally grumpy guy.
When I reentered the viewing room, I was astounded by how packed it was.  Friends and local residents were entering the room in droves.  There really wasn’t enough room for everyone.  Surely, most of them were here just for the wake portion.  I could tell a lot of the miners had taken off early for lunch, just so they could stop by and pay their respects.  They poured into the funeral home, sporting their finest coal-stained bank-clothes.  There were so many of them, it was starting to look like a union meeting.  Daddy would have been touched.
As I stood back out of the crowd’s way, I felt a couple of steady taps on my shoulder.  I turned to see Samuel, who gave me a firm hug as he cozied up beside me.  I smiled as I took in his out-of-the-ordinary attire.  Samuel looked very sharp in his three-piece dark-gray suit.  His normally stubble-speckled face was clean-shaven, and I even caught a woodsy scent of fresh pine trees.
“How’s my girl holding up?” Samuel asked uncertainly.
“I’m okay… I guess.”  I looked around the room and sighed.  “Samuel, do you think people would mind if I told everyone to leave, so I can climb inside the casket with Daddy and cuddle with him one last time…like when I was four?”
Samuel let out a laugh and shook his head.
“You can stay, of course,” I added.  “After all, someone will have to make sure my mother doesn’t try to lock me inside the casket.”
Samuel put his hand over his mouth to cover his grin.  “I’m glad to see you haven’t lost your sense of humor,” he chuckled.
I shot him a serious look.  “I wasn’t kidding.”
Samuel and I stood there and watched as more people arrived, just as others were leaving.  We chitchatted about how nice Daddy looked and commented on all the lovely arrangements people had sent.
My mind drifted off into another daze.  I started thinking about the vision I’d had at the dance when I went “flower-picking” in Kara’s bouquet.  It dawned on me as I looked around the room, feeling stricken with an unbearable amount of grief, that this was what I’d seen.  I remembered the strikes of the piano keys, the brightly lit room, and the colorful rays of light as they passed through the stained glass windows and danced on my hands.  The lavender spider mum I’d focused on was from one of the countless flower baskets scattered around the somber space.
I’d seen my father’s death, in a roundabout way.  I know Tanner Grey had said the visions were “random”, but why couldn’t THAT ONE have been a little clearer?
Again, I felt another small tap on my shoulder and turned to apologize to Samuel for ignoring him.  But it wasn’t Samuel.  Apparently he had wandered away while I stood there lost in the thoughts of my vision.  Instead, I found myself looking into the eyes of none other than Tyler Smith.
“I’m so sorry, Shiloh,” Ty said softly.  “I couldn’t believe it when I heard the news.  Are you okay?”
No sense in putting on a front for him.
“I’m doing as good as to be expected, I suppose.  Right now, I feel pretty empty inside, but full of sadness…both at the same time.”  Ty gave me a somewhat unexpected, lingering hug.
“Now I know why I didn’t hear from you the other night,” Ty said, somber and confident.
My eyes closed unconsciously as Ty held me in his arms.  That was kind-of-the-reason.  Why bring up the fact that Mike had been possessed by some supernatural being called “the Onyx” and tried to kill me while my father lay there dying?  If by some small chance Ty believed me, who knows what he might do?  I really didn’t think another one of their “smack-downs” would be appropriate for a funeral, so I played along.
“Yeah,” I agreed.
As our embrace broke, I gazed back at him and hinted a coy smile.  Yet again, he was looking as fine as he did on the night of the Homecoming Dance.  Dress clothes certainly suit him, I noted silently.  But I’d take him in a sweaty t-shirt and jeans any day of the week.  I lowered my head slightly when I felt my face start to flush.
“I’m glad you were able to come,” I replied appreciatively.
“A lot of us wanted to come, but Mrs. Tuttle wasn’t giving out passes to just anyone.  You know how she is.  Mike got one because his father was your dad’s boss.  She was about to tell Katie, ‘no’, when she started tearing up and informed Mrs. Tuttle that, ‘she had to be there for her bosom friend’.  She’s outside trying to find a place to park.  She’ll be here in a second.”
Mrs. Tuttle, our school’s guidance counselor (and affectionately called “the warden”), was a stickler about attendance.  She hated funerals.  Since everyone pretty much knew everybody in town, she thought a funeral was the perfect way for students to skip-out on a half-day of school.  You had to have a pretty good reason to attend one if you weren’t a family member.
“So, why did she let you come?” I asked.  What could he have possibly said to persuade her?
“I, um…I kind of told her you were my um…girlfriend,” he confessed.  “You know, so she’d give me a pass.”
Ty seemed a bit embarrassed.  Now I was even more curious.  Was it from having to tell her that, or me?  I decided to probe deeper into his little bomb of an admission.
“And she believed you?” I asked with a restrained grin and a playful note of skepticism.  Ty caught onto the motive behind my inquiry.  He smiled and held his head up high.
“She didn’t doubt it for a second…not after she told me that she’d seen us dancing the other night,” Ty added with a grin.
“Oh,” I mumbled softly, now feeling a bit embarrassed myself.
“Hey, um speaking of the other night… What’s up with Mike?” Ty asked, sounding more than a little suspicious.
“I don’t know,” I replied cautiously, not even looking in Ty’s direction.  “I haven’t talked to him since Saturday night.  Why?”
Ty continued, “I spoke to him when he was leaving Mrs. Tuttle’s office and he acted, I don’t know… Nervous?  I figured it was because of our fight the other night.  So when I saw him outside a minute ago, I tried to make peace by waving at him.  He just turned his head and ignored me.  Something’s up.”
I listened to his assessment of Mike’s behavior.  I had a thought of my own, actually three.  Was it possible Mike remembered what happened that night? Or, was he feeling the way Tanner Grey had described after being “occupied” by the Onyx?  It sure sounded like a supernatural hangover-from-Hell to me.  Or even worse, was his head still clouded from the effects of the ruby-spiked cologne?  I hope not!  I withdrew myself from our conversation to further contemplate my theories.  Ty noticed that I was in deep thought about something.
“Shi… Mike didn’t try anything the other night?  I mean, he didn’t come on to you, did he?” Ty asked, his eyes every bit as flared as his nostrils.
“No, no,” I insisted.  “Trust me… He was a completely different person when he took me home.”  Well, I wasn’t lying.
“Good,” Ty replied, seeming relieved.  Just then, Katie ran over crying and threw her arms around me.
“Oh, Shi!  I’m so sorry about your daddy!”  She sounded completely winded.  “I tried to call you all day yesterday.  Why wouldn’t you call me back?  I was so worried about you!” Katie rambled.  She was so wrought with emotion that she had worked herself into a tizzy.  “I even drove out to your house last night, but Charlotte wouldn’t let me in.  THAT WITCH!  Are you okay?  Hey, who broke the front window?”
I took her hands and gave them a tight squeeze.  “Katie, I didn’t feel like talking about Daddy — to anyone.”  I looked at both of them apologetically.  “I just needed some time to myself.  Charlotte didn’t tell me that you had stopped by.”  Like that was a big surprise.  Katie should’ve figured that.
Katie wiped her tears with her hands and nodded understandingly.  Ty noticed she didn’t have any tissues and left in search of some.  Katie took a deep breath and quickly switched gears.
“So, that’s your ‘boyfriend’ now?” my BFF questioned.  “Apparently, there’s a lot we need to catch up on, or so goes the rumors.”
Her playful insinuation made me blush.  “What rumor?” I asked cluelessly.
“No, no.  I said rumors,” Katie corrected.  “Which one?  The one about your intense dance with Ty?  The one about Mike and Ty fighting over you in the parking lot?  Or, how about the one about where Ty officially broke up with Kara, right after you left the dance with Mike?”
OH CRAP!  I started to stumble backward against the heavy red velvet drapes that sectioned off the viewing room.
Katie steadied me on my feet.  “Nuh-uh!  Don’t go all 911 until I get the 411,” she demanded.
The muscles in my face locked into a cringe as I thought about “me” being “the talk of the school”.
“How much is true?” Katie probed.  “Some of it?”
I shied away from her gaze, knowing what little make-up I’d put on this morning was about to crack off.
A devilish smile crept over her face. “Not ALL of it?” Katie whispered, filled to the brim with delight.
I sent a subtle confirming nod in her direction.  “But I didn’t know about Ty breaking up with Kara.”  That sounded pretty good rolling off my tongue.
Katie giggled.  “I guess I missed out on one heck of an evening!”
I shook my head.  “Honestly, you have NO IDEA.”
In the midst of her amusement, I noticed some strange faces coming through the double-doors.  When they cleared the entry, a shocking presence emerged.
LAZARUS XCAVARE?  What in the heck is HE doing HERE?  I watched him make his way over to Charlotte and Chloe, who were seated in the front pew.  Charlotte practically sprang out of her seat when he extended his hand.  She shook off his cordial handshake and worked her “injured” right hand to her advantage.  She held out her left one, angled down towards his face.  He grinned as he caught her subtle hint.  Lazarus gallantly lifted her hand to his lips and gave it a light kiss.  He was really laying it on thick, and it was obvious by the way Charlotte was eating it up that he had her completely snowed.  The scene was picturesque — the recently widowed, philandering spouse being comforted by the very wealthy and equally peculiar, soon-to-be new owner of the local mine, who by the way, was some sort of supernatural Talisman.  After all, if she couldn’t get Chloe married into the Riverside family, she would have to have a back-up plan.
The display was making me sick, but my own curiosity wouldn’t allow me to turn away.  Charlotte’s smile hardened when Lazarus appeared to have asked her something.  She searched around the room and pointed her finger, in my direction.  Lazarus locked his eyes on me and after giving Chloe a hug, he began to weave through the crowd, headed my way.  Needless to say, I panicked.
OH SHIT!
Ty had just returned with Katie’s tissues.  While he tended to her, I moved my body behind them, securely out of Lazarus’ line of sight.
What am I going to do?  Tanner said for “me” not to go near “him”.  He never told me what to do if “I” wasn’t the one doing the “approaching”!
I crouched lower to the floor.  I was attempting to sneak away when something grabbed hold of my arm and jerked me into the next room, behind the heavy red velvet drapes.  Startled, I turned around to see none other than Tanner Grey’s partner-in-crime, Beatrix Sutherland.
“That was a close one!” Beatrix Sutherland sighed.  “I’m sorry if I startled you, dear.  We can’t have Lazarus coming in contact with you before all of your abilities emerge.”
I stood there rightfully stunned and slightly amused by her newfound candor.
“Ms. Sutherland, WHY didn’t you ever say…ANYTHING?” I questioned.  She flashed a grin as she swiftly pulled me through the empty room and out a door that led into the hallway.
“Let’s find a good place to hide you, dear — just until Lazarus leaves.  Oh, and you can finally drop the formalities of etiquette and call me Beatrix, or simply Bea, dear.  Especially with what all you’ve been through lately.”  Quickly, she dragged me further down the hall and ushered me into the ladies powder room.
“You sure can find your way around without a hitch,” I remarked, “for a blind lady.”
Beatrix locked the door and turned towards me.  I stared at her brown-hued eyes, which drifted aimlessly as they always did.  I focused in on her forehead — the very spot where that third-eye had appeared in my vision.  I started to laugh as I looked around at my surroundings.  Just like in my vision, I was in of all places, a daggone bathroom.
“Open it,” I demanded.
Beatrix was hesitant, but she knew exactly what I was referring to.  I decided to take a more polite approach.
“I need to see it.  Please?”
Low and behold, she stepped back and a beautiful, though extremely startling, golden-colored eye materialized in the middle of her forehead.  It sparkled with the same intensity as Tanner Grey’s amethyst-hued eyes.  I waved my hand in front of the strange wonder.  It was dilating and contracting in response to every move I made.
“By the way, I’ve been meaning to tell you — nice try,” she laughed.
My eyes narrowed on the spot.
Beatrix continued, “You came up with some pretty good ones the other day.  You really kept me on my toes.”  She tapped her finger on her chin.  “I always knew you were smart and high-spirited, but I had no idea how creative and resourceful you were.  Kudos,” she praised with a proud point of her finger.
“So you knew what I was up to?”
Beatrix’s chuckles grew even louder.  She quickly covered her mouth to muffle the noise.  “Yes.  I haven’t laughed like that in years!  I almost spit out my cider when you flashed that light in my eyes, clever girl.  That was one of the best days I’ve had in a long time — until the present Mr. Estell left in the trees.”
My suspicions were confirmed.  “So he did put that thing there, and probably the one in Mike’s car, too?”
Beatrix nodded.  “Good thing I have a serpentine ring.  Not many Talismans do.  It’s almost as rare as my tiger’s-eye.”  She quickly pulled a marbled brown and gold stone out from under her blouse that resembled the one Tanner Grey had shown me during lunch the other day.
“I saw the marks around its neck… The ones that match the design of your ring.  What did it do to the snake?” I asked.
Beatrix raised her finger and displayed the odd-looking stone band.  “It turns a serpent’s own venom against it.  They die instantly.  Their muscles don’t even twitch.  If you ever get the chance to obtain one, I highly recommend you do.  Then you won’t have to wear your stilettos around all the time,” she added with a wink of her golden eye.
A hush fell over the room not a second later, and her eyes hardened with sadness.
“Shiloh, I’m very sorry about Caiden.  I loved him so much.  He was like a part of my family.  I’ll miss him something awful.”  Beatrix leaned in to hug me.  As her grasp tightened, she let out a gasp.  “Oh, Shiloh… I can feel the wand’s power,” she marveled and then released me.  “Have you discovered anything new about yourself?”
“Well… I can run pretty fast, and I heard Charlotte and Chloe’s thoughts this morning.  Oh, and I tossed a few of Welch’s finest officers around like rag dolls yesterday.  But the most surprising thing was that I didn’t rip off my hand when it rolled under the table saw.  Just those little things — Nothing much,” I replied sarcastically.  “You know,” I laughed gruffly, “It’s kind of been like getting your period for the first time, except no one gave me the ‘birds & bees’ talk.  I don’t have a clue what to expect.”
Beatrix smiled and placed her hand on my shoulder, not taking any offense to my griping.  “It has to happen naturally, dear,” she giggled.  “Like your period.”
Cute.  “Are there any other little surprises that I should be aware of?” I asked.
Beatrix tapped her finger on her chin and grinned.  “Yes, dear…but you won’t hear about them from me.”
It seemed she was just as evasive as Tanner Grey.  However, I thought of one question she might be willing to answer, or at least acknowledge.
“Beatrix, why would my father have called out the name, ‘Adamas’?”  The color began to drain slightly from her rosy cheeks, and her golden eye fell to a close.
“Seeing how I know that your father whispered his name, and Tanner has already informed you of the wand’s original owner, it would be insulting to deny Caiden knew about our kind.  He did.  Caiden helped us protect the location of the cave for many years.  Shiloh, all I will, or rather all I can say is that he loved you and wanted to keep you safe for as long as possible.  Caiden knew this day would eventually come.”
I thought, He knew about the cave and about Talismans?  That I was a Talisman?
“Was he a Talisman?” I asked.
Beatrix’s hands caressed my face.  “No, Shiloh.  Caiden was not a Talisman, or any other supernatural.  Now, that’s all I’ll say on that subject.  I’ll certainly get an earful from Tanner over this, but I understand your curiosity.  However, no more questions.”  Her tone was stern, yet empathetic, so I couldn’t resist asking one more.
“Do you know who killed him?”
 “No, Shiloh.  No more,” Beatrix scolded and turned her head away hastily.
I got the distinct impression she knew the identity of my father’s murderer.  Why won’t she tell me?
By the hands on my watch, it was almost noon.  Anxiously, the thought of missing my father’s service raced through my head.
“Beatrix, I have to get back out there,” I insisted.  “The service is about to start.  Lazarus is probably gone by now.  Surely he won’t stay for the funeral.  I don’t think he cares to consort with us ‘townies’ anyway.”
“You stay here.  I’ll go check,” Beatrix instructed and then shuffled out the door.  I waited alone on pins and needles until she reemerged roughly a minute later.
“Okay, I didn’t see him, but be on your guard, Shiloh.  Remember, you can’t be around him, and for goodness’ sake, don’t touch him!  Even I could sense a trace of the diamond’s energy.  You were destined to claim the diamond wand, the only stone that magnifies all other stones.  You’ve had the makings of these abilities hidden in the recesses of your mind all of your life.  Coming in contact with his ring the other day allowed a small part of them to surface.  Lazarus is a Talisman who reigns over a stone that bears an enormous amount of psychic power.  That’s why you were able to look into his mind and feel his emotions.  You were like one big mental-magnet.  He couldn’t sense yours because you hadn’t claimed your diamond birth-stone yet.  But now you have so BE CAREFUL!”
“I will,” I assured her, trying not to sound too nervous.  Beatrix grabbed my arm as I turned to leave.
“Wait.  Let me see your topaz.”  I held out my left hand and watched while she inspected the tiny gemstone.  “Tanner was right,” Beatrix confirmed as she patted my hand.  “You really drained my little baby.  You may have enough power left in it for one charm.  Two, if you’re lucky.  Sea-salt won’t be of any use to you, I’m afraid.  Normally, a few moonbeams from any old moon would do, but you used so much of its power the other night in your humanly state.  I’m afraid the only thing strong enough to charge it back to its original strength is the light from the next full moon.”
“Is it…broken?” I asked apprehensively.
“No, no.  A stone is a living thing, just like you and I, Shiloh.  It’s on the verge of going dormant, that’s all.  It needs to be ‘refueled’, so to speak.  But you’re in luck.  The full moon on Friday night is going to be a true blue moon.  They are very rare.  The Talisman who reigns over the moonstone sets aside one night where the full moon shines with some of her stone’s powers.  She does it so she can use the moon as her own personal telescope.  She can see anything and everything that’s happening in the world, all at once.  It’s an absolutely magical sight to witness.  It’s like a supernatural’s Fourth of July, but these fireworks only we can see.  You’re in for a real treat.  But for now, I’m afraid your golden topaz’s power is scarce.  Tanner ordered me not to give you another one.  I’m sorry, dear.”  Beatrix rolled her eyes.  “He says it will teach you responsibility, so be careful,” she urged and then shoved me out into the hall.
Oookay, I thought as the door creaked to a close.  Beatrix couldn’t have alarmed me more even if she’d just announced that Lazarus was packing a Smith & Wesson underneath that long overcoat he was sporting.  On a different note, I found myself both shocked and a little ticked that Tanner Grey had implied I was in some way “irresponsible”.
I may lack the knowledge and experience when it comes to the intricacies of being a so-called “Talisman”, but I’m in no way “wet behind the ears” when it comes to being responsible for anything, I fumed as I ran down the hall.  I peered into the viewing room.  Good…No signs of Lazarus.
There in the doorway, I overheard the funeral home director announce, “We’re about to commence with the service, so those of you who aren’t staying should exit the room at this time.”
Various attendees began to stroll down the aisle.  I spotted my reserved seat, located in the front pew beside Charlotte and Chloe.  I maneuvered up the aisle through the crowd of people, nodding at them as I walked past.  Ty and Katie were sitting together a few rows away.  Katie waved to me.  They both had a mixed look of relief and puzzlement on their faces.  It just dawned on me that I’d been talking to them, right before Beatrix had snatched me away.  I waved back and flashed an apologetic smile in their direction.
I found myself so distracted by my unintended rudeness that I wasn’t looking where I was going.  After running into a few people who were coming down the aisle (and apologizing to them), I refocused my attention directly ahead of me.  Then from out of nowhere, I spotted the one person I was cautiously trying to avoid, heading straight for me.
Oh, no!  Lazarus Xcavare!
Straightaway, I lowered my head anxiously.  I felt fairly confident he wouldn’t notice me in the crowd, but several people at my rear were pushing me directly into his path.  A clever thought popped into my head as we inched closer to each other.  If Beatrix was right, I had enough power for one more plea from the stone.  Without further delay, I repeated over and over, Please don’t let Lazarus Xcavare see me…
I lifted my head.  We were merely a couple of feet apart.  He was looking my way, but he seemed to be staring through me, not at me.  I glanced down at the golden topaz ring that was glowing (as was I) and smiled, relieved that the possible calamity had been avoided.  I observed that no one else seemed to be aware of the spectral golden glow surrounding my frame — thankfully.  Feeling overly confident, I strutted right beside Lazarus Xcavare, only to have someone push me, once again.  My entire body became consumed by an ominous feeling when my arm rubbed against him, just as our paths crossed.
We were being forced in opposite directions, but I found myself locked in a trance as the crowd of attendees pushed me further up the aisle.  A gruesome vision had entered my mind.  I didn’t have to drink any magical emerald potion to obtain this one.  It came straight from the source — Lazarus Xcavare.
I was freezing.  The wind was whipping, and snow was falling at an uncanny rate all around me.  I heard someone chanting close by and then a set of hands appeared.  I gasped and found myself trembling at the sight.
Daddy!  The hands were strangling him!  Lazarus Xcavare’s hands were infusing my father with some sort of blue powder while he gagged and choked repeatedly.  HE’S POISIONING HIM!  Once Lazarus felt that he had administered enough of the toxin to eventually kill him, his men pitched Daddy into the back of his truck and threw the weathered tarp over his body.  The person I loved most in the world had been discarded like garbage.  He was alone and left to suffer helplessly in the frigid temperatures, until all the life in him had faded into the darkness of night.
My frame hardened like a statue as the vision dwindled.  The only sign of movement was from one lonely tear streaming down my face.  I felt the weight of someone’s stare as they made their approach.
“Shiloh, you need to take your seat.  We’re about to start,” Bob Ramsey whispered.  Unknowingly, I’d stopped in front of Daddy’s closed casket.  Mr. Ramsey motioned me to the front pew where my family sat waiting.  I’d heard what he had said, but I could neither verbally, nor physically acknowledge him.
The startling revelation plagued me with various emotions.  I was horrified by what I’d seen.  All I wanted to do was to scream out to everyone that Lazarus Xcavare was my father’s murderer — but I couldn’t.  I feared for my own life, as well as everyone else’s in the room.  All of Lazarus’ evil intentions and the severity of his cruel nature had passed through my body.  There wasn’t a doubt in my mind.  He would take out the whole town if need be, just to obtain the diamond wand and all its power.
“Shiloh, please take your seat,” Mr. Ramsey repeated as he placed his hand on my arm.
The moment I felt his touch, I snapped out of my hypnotic stone-like state and jerked my arm from his grasp.  I turned to the back of the room, where Lazarus and his entourage had just crossed the door’s threshold.  The attendants were starting to close the heavy wooden double-doors.  My eyes were like daggers, transfixed on my father’s killer.  Lazarus seemed uneasy and paused for a moment.  I watched him lift his cane, gripping its handle forcefully, and then he began to slowly pivot back around.
He can’t see me, but does he sense the diamond’s power, or is the hatred I’m feeling potent enough for him to pick up on the threat?  The doors shut just as he completed his turn.  Lazarus was now out of my sight, but at no time was my father’s killer out of my mind.
Charlotte grabbed my arm and pulled me over to the front pew.  “Sit down!” my mother growled in my ear.
I looked around the room.  All eyes were on me.  I turned towards my father’s casket and dropped down into my seat.  My body may have been inert as I sat there, but my mind was whirling.  As the music came to a halt, Lugand Hubble, the pastor from our church, began the service with a prayer.
I’d heard Pastor Hubble speaking throughout the service, but I couldn’t concentrate on one single word.  For the next thirty minutes, I remained willingly trapped in a trance.  I couldn’t listen to anything but my own thoughts as I stared vehemently at my father’s coffin.  I was so engrossed in the reality of what I’d discovered, I didn’t even look at the holy man as he spoke.  It was hard to focus on his righteous words when every thought I had conjured was hell-bent on seeking revenge.
I’d finally gotten my answer, but it had come at the most inopportune time.  I couldn’t go to the police with what I’d discovered.  Who would believe me?  Officer Pete Ryan would lock me up for sure.  Charlotte would surely attest that my commitment to an asylum was in order.  The only people I knew I could tell were Tanner Grey and Beatrix (though I had a gut-feeling they already knew).
Why wouldn’t they TELL ME?
I rose from my seat after the closing prayer and watched the pallbearers position themselves around Daddy’s casket.  They were all of his close buddies and co-workers.  Samuel was standing at the rear of the coffin.  His eyes looked unmistakably pink and misty.  Charlotte, Chloe, and I followed behind them as they carried him to the black hearse parked outside.  I looked at no one.  My eyes stayed locked in front of me.
I climbed into my car by myself, but I was far from alone.  My thoughts continued to torment me the entire drive to Roselawn Cemetery and tirelessly carried on through my father’s graveside rights.  The rain was falling even harder than before.  The pastor hurried through the ceremony as the sound of ear-splitting thunder rolled around us and violent streaks of lightning lit up the sky.  As I watched my father descend upon his final resting place, I removed a white lily from a nearby standing floral spray and tossed it into the open grave.  Just as the flower landed on his casket, I made my father one final vow.
Somehow and sometime soon, Lazarus Xcavare will pay for what he’s done.
He had taken what I loved most away from me, and now I claimed what he desired most.  And I was going to make sure he got it — Every powerful, blow I could summon from the mystical, diamond Wand of Adamas…


Chapter  15  —  Catch!

As soon as the graveside service had concluded, everyone piled into their cars and headed over to the Welch Annex, where a luncheon was being held for family and friends.  I’d already lost my appetite and had absolutely no desire for small talk.  The thought of standing around watching folks shovel lasagna onto their paper plates and unfamiliar faces scrounging for the last deviled egg made my stomach turn.  I opted to head back home where I could pine for my father in silence — and mull over what to do about Lazarus Xcavare.  That’s what I craved.
The rain was still coming down in sheets, which made my drive home take much longer than what I’d hoped.  I debated about pulling over several times, but the rain would always subside as soon as I veered off the road and returned with full force when I pulled back onto it.  So, I just carried on down the highway at a slow and steady pace through the treacherous, inclement weather.
I tuned the radio to J104.5 FM and caught the tail end of the Black-Eyed Pea’s latest song.  One of their DJ’s started rattling off some news and local events.  When his barrage of general announcements had concluded, he shifted his report to the weather.  One notification was of particular interest.
He broadcasted, “Hate to be you guys down in McDowell County.  There’s a stationary low-pressure system that’s been churning over your area since yesterday morning, and it doesn’t appear to be going anywhere, any time soon.  Y’all sure have had some freaky weather down there over the past few days, what with that record-breaking snowstorm Saturday Night.  Totals have been coming in around 10 to 12 inches that fell in less than an hour.  But here’s the real kicker…Welch was the only town to get it… Like I said, FREAKY!  Don’t forget your umbrellas today.  Y’all are gonna need ’em.”
I reflected, That snowstorm was pretty freaky…but nowhere near as “freaky” as the rest of the night.
I thought about the weather some more.  All the snow from Saturday night had melted.  The heavy rains had seen to that.  Sadly, not only was the abysmal precipitation making the driving conditions particularly hazardous, it wasn’t doing anything to help my horrible mood.  I felt just as dreary and dismal as the rain.  Surely it couldn’t rain forever?  It has to stop sometime.  The sooner the better, I thought with a desperate nod.
The old farmhouse appeared particularly cold and desolate as I pulled onto our gravel drive.  I suspected it would feel even worse once I was inside.  With my purse slung over my shoulder and my bound umbrella in hand, I made a mad dash for the porch.  I saw no need to raise it.  I was home and could dry off inside.
Cautiously, I trotted up the slick porch steps as I searched through my purse for my keys.  As I stood in front of the door, still looking for them, a voice called out from the left side of the porch, “Home so soon?”
Startled, I jumped and whipped my head around.  Sitting all sprawled out and swaying on our wooden porch swing was none other than Mr. Evasive himself, Tanner Grey.
I acknowledged his presence with a grunt, followed by a quick roll of my blue eyes.  I didn’t say a word and went back to digging through my purse.  As soon as I’d located my keys, I unlocked the door.
“That’s rude.  No, ‘Hello’?” Tanner Grey remarked as he rose from his casual lounge.
Straightaway, I shot him a snarky look.
Tanner strolled towards me.  “I’m picking up on something.  Let’s see… There’s anger…a bit of frustration…and a whole lot of vengeance.  That about right?” he scrutinized.
I threw open the door.  Before I entered the house, I turned to him.  “You knew it was Lazarus, didn’t you?” I snapped.
“Yes,” Tanner confirmed solemnly.
Frustrated by his admission, I bolted into the house, slammed the front door, and forcefully secured all three locks.  I let out a gruff grunt as I slammed my back against the front door.  Within a few seconds, Tanner Grey came crawling into the house through the living room window.
“That’s breaking and entering,” I called out lackadaisically.
He looked back at the broken window and let out a laugh.  “No.  That’s just entering.  Look’s like someone else did the breaking,” Tanner quipped as he raised one of his eyebrows inquisitively.  He walked into the foyer where I still remained propped against the door.
“Is that the real reason you didn’t want me to ‘go near’ or even ‘touch’ Lazarus?” I pouted.
“No, Shiloh.  That was just an unfortunate consequence.  I told you, not while your powers are strengthening.  You’re still very vulnerable, especially to other Talismans.  Oh, and by the way, Lazarus picked up on your energy at the funeral home — just so you know.”  The handsome Talisman seemed slightly perturbed about it.
“It was an accident!  Beatrix told me that he’d left!  Did he know it was coming from me?” I probed in a panic.  “I asked the golden topaz to keep him from seeing me.”
Tanner patted my shoulder.  “Calm down, little girl.  The boogey man’s not onto you…yet.”  I felt an instant rush of relief.  Tanner continued, “When he arrived at the mine after the wake, I overheard him telling one of his guys that he sensed something powerful back at the funeral home, but he didn’t know where it was coming from or why.  Lazarus started drinking and celebrating.  He claimed it was a ‘good sign’ and that ‘he was close’.”  Tanner hovered beside me and leaned into my ear.  “He just didn’t realize how close he was,” his husky voice whispered.
While the delicate warm air from his words tickled my lobe, I turned to meet his smoldering gaze.  Just being close to Tanner Grey was intoxicating.   Whatever allowed him to wash away a person’s anxieties was like a drug.  The fact that he was such delicious eye candy was simply a perk.
“Your eyes aren’t purple,” I remarked flatly, attempting to bottle up my churning emotions and cover the embarrassment I felt from my lingering stare.  Tanner stepped back and removed his tiger’s-eye from around his neck.
“I suppose it’s safe — now.  I can’t afford to go around advertising to Lazarus that he has a another Talisman working for him, trying to sabotage his plans, now can I?”  I watched in amazement as his hazel eyes transformed into their dazzling purple hue as soon as the brown and gold swirly stone lost contact with his skin.
“How does this thing work, exactly?” I asked as I reached for his stone pendant.  He flippantly jerked the magical stone out of my hand and held it between us.
“This tiger’s-eye,” Tanner corrected, “was given to me many years ago.  It helps a Talisman hide his or her powers from all supernaturals, including other Talismans.  Even though you can feel traces of its energy, only the Talisman to whom it was given may draw upon its concealment powers — so unfortunately, it won’t work on you.  A tiger’s-eye is one of the few stones that must be directly bestowed to the wearer by the Talisman who reigns over it.  Beatrix has one as well.  Shiloh, your identity is sacred.  You must keep it guarded at all times.  Once your identity is compromised, death and despair will follow you.  This is especially true for Talismans like Lazarus.  They’ll not only seek to harm you to get what they want, but they’ll hurt anyone you love — just to get to you — which is why, and I repeat, you are to stay away from him.”  Tanner topped his lecture off with a curt smile as he tucked the mystical pendant in the front pocket of his weathered jeans.
“Well then, where can I get one?”
Tanner rolled his eyes smugly and let out a laugh.  “Well, you can’t run down to the local Star-Mart and pick one up.  You can’t go just ANYWHERE and pick up one of these sought after stones.  You have to earn it.  The Talisman who reigns over the tiger’s-eye must feel you’re worthy of such a gift.  In our world, it’s a monumental feat to receive one from Burnu.  He doesn’t simply hand them out to anyone.  And just because you lay claim the most revered stone of all, don’t think for one second that it gives you any entitlement to one of his tiger’s-eyes.  So, until ‘your time’ comes, you can get that idea out of your head…even though it would help with your ‘identity problem’.  But even it’s not an easy fix.”
“Where does this Burnu—”
“Not around here!” Tanner gruffly interrupted.  “He’s thousands of miles away, so forget about it.”  Tanner paced around the foyer.  “Stubborn little girl,” he grumbled, over and over, shaking his head.  I glared at him as I thought about how much I HATED that little “pet name” he liked to throw around.
“What are you doing here anyway?” I demanded.
Tanner ignored my question while he eyed the busted staircase with a suspicious grin.  He propped his hand on one of the remaining spindles from the banister (which he ended up breaking off) and then turned around.
“You’re coming with me,” Tanner finally answered as he tapped the spindle in his hand.  “But first, I need you to go upstairs and change in to something a little more…comfortable.”
Now I was curious.  “Where are we going?”
“Out,” Tanner replied bluntly as he motioned me up the stairs.
Though I shook my head at him, I complied with an open mind.  As I marched up the steps, I suspected I was in for an afternoon of strange requests and elusive answers.  I eventually found myself standing in front of my dresser and rummaging through my drawers cluelessly.
“Can you at least be a little more specific about what kind of ‘comfortable clothes’ I should wear?” I called down from my bedroom.
“Something you don’t mind getting dirty, maybe even ripped,” Tanner replied.  “You know, little girl — Play clothes.”
After hearing “it” again, I purposely stomped my foot on the floor, making sure it was loud enough to hear.  I ran back out to the top of the stairs and pointed down at him.
“Stop calling me THAT!” I yelled.  He simply brushed off my request with a grin as I turned to head back into my room.  I ended up pulling out some old jeans, a long-sleeved t-shirt, and some worn out sneakers.  I was changed and ready in no time.  After my long locks were secure in my favorite ponytail holder, I headed for the door.
My cell phone started humming in my purse.  I pulled it out to see several messages from Katie and Ty.  They were worried and wanted to know where I was.  I shot back a quick text to both of them.

I’m fine.  Just need 2 B alone

Once the message had been sent, I turned off my cell and placed it back in my purse.  I looked at my leather bag curiously.  I didn’t know where we were going, so wasn’t sure if I needed it.
“Do I need to take my purse?” I hollered down to Tanner.
“Um…Are you buying me dinner?”
Is he kidding?  “No,” I fired back assuredly.
“Then leave it,” Tanner advised.
After a shrug of my shoulders, I threw my purse on the bed and grabbed my jacket.
“Okay, can you at least tell me what we’re going to be doing that warrants old clothes?” I asked as I trotted down the stairs.
Tanner pursed his perfect mauve lips and smiled.  “We’re going to play catch.”
“What?” I cried out, confused.  “Catch?  It’s pouring rain and there’s lightning flying all around.  You’re not serious, are you?”
Tanner opened the front door and looked out at the stormy sky, grinning from ear to ear.
“Oh yeah,” he confirmed, sounding almost thrilled.  “We couldn’t ask for a more perfect day.”
He’s crazy… I followed him down the porch steps, but I still felt the need to question his bizarre request.
“But the weather is horr—”
“Enough!” Tanner interrupted as he turned and stopped me on the steps.  “No more questions.  Just do what I SAY.  Think of me as your mentor.  I’m here to teach you, advise you, and to make your transition as smooth and…painless as possible.”  Tanner’s tone softened but he remained stern.  “Normally, it takes a Talisman years to master their skills…but we don’t have the luxury of time, not with Lazarus snooping around and hot on your trail.  And keep in mind that the Onyx is still lurking out there, waiting for the perfect time to strike.  So instead of wasting time arguing with me about my methods or my reasoning…just trust me.  Understand?”
“Okay,” I agreed.  “I’ll trust you.”
“Excellent,” Tanner replied.
“Where’s your vehicle?”  There wasn’t one parked out front, and I hadn’t seen any cars sitting on the side of the road on my drive home.
Tanner ignored my question.  He raised his brow and then jumped off the steps, out into the pouring rain.  He turned and winked.  “Try to keep up.”
The next thing I knew, he’d transformed into that spellbinding purple mist and took off through the woods in a flash.  Though I was taken aback for a second, I hopped off the porch to follow him obediently.
I guess we’re RUNNING.
I trailed behind him through the woods at a normal pace.  To my amazement, my stride quickened with every second that passed.  I couldn’t believe the speed at which I was running.  I’d never even driven a car this fast in my life.  My spirit felt freer than it ever had.  The wind whipped around my entire body, and I was totally drenched from the hard rain bombarding me, but I didn’t care.  I felt so alive!
Though Tanner was always a good fifty yards ahead of me, I thought I was keeping good time.  We had been running for almost twenty minutes when the purple mist stopped abruptly and morphed back into Tanner Grey’s human form.
I came to a screeching halt when I tried to brake in mid-run.  I ended up sliding on some wet leaves and tripped on my own feet.  My body crashed to the ground, hitting some rocks right beside him.  He helped me up and looked down at my jeans.  Sure enough, there was a long tear running down the right leg of my Levi’s, roughly six-inches long.
“Yeah… Definitely ripped,” Tanner confirmed.
I dusted myself off and scanned the surrounding landscape curiously.  We were still in the woods, but I’d been running so fast and concentrating on following him that I’d lost my bearings.
“Where are we?” I asked.
“I don’t know.  You’re the local,” Tanner cracked as he started walking up a small hill, shaking his head.
I continued to survey the terrain as I trudged behind him.  Nothing looked familiar.  All I knew was that most of the time I’d been running uphill.  We pushed through the trees and heavy brush of the forest.  I would’ve liked to think he had some clue as to where we were going.  I wasn’t keen on the idea of taking a “leisurely country stroll” in the pouring rain.
“Your speed will pick up over time.  You won’t always be that slow,” Tanner added confidently.
“I thought I did pretty good,” I interjected, somewhat offended.  Tanner rolled his eyes.  “Well, I kept up,” I stated boldly.
“I slowed down,” Tanner countered.  “Tell me, Shiloh… What other tricks have you found in your bag?”
“You already know I can hear people’s thoughts and feel their emotions.  Does that work on everyone?”  I asked, clueless about the actual mechanics of telepathy.
“The diamond wand comes with an enormous amount of psychic energy.  One of its powers is telepathy.  It’s easy to get inside a typical human’s mind.  You can hear their thoughts, experience their feelings, and delve into their memories.  Talismans and supernaturals are different.  You have to physically touch them to make a psychic connection.  Like when you touched Lazarus…hence my warning, ‘not-to-touch-him’.  But it doesn’t work on all of them.”  Tanner flashed a sly smile.  He seemed to find something amusing.  His grin quickly disappeared, and he confidently added,   “Definitely not on the Onyx.  Nothing affects him that’s of the psychic nature.  As for other supernaturals… It depends on what kind your dealing with, and what magic they possess.”
It seemed every answer I received would undoubtedly lead to more questions.  “Tanner, what other superna—”
“I’m starting to think you might be partially deaf, instead of stubborn,” Tanner interjected.  “What did I say?”
“I know — No questions,” I acknowledged obediently.  I didn’t understand what all the secrecy was about.  I was dying to know what other “supernatural creatures” were out there.  I kept conjuring up images of all the various fantasy figures I’d ever read about or seen in a movie.
“What about you?” I probed suspiciously.
That sly expression returned to his face.  “What about me?” he inquired.
“Well, when I touch you…I don’t hear anything.  In fact, all I feel coming from you is tranquility and bliss.”  I also feel a Hell of a lot of desire, but he probably already knows that.  Why embarrass myself by acknowledging it?  “What are you?  Some kind of supernatural Prozac pill?”
Tanner let out a boisterous laugh.  He quickly composed himself enough to answer, “No, nothing like that.”  He chuckled some more and added, “I have a few psychic talents of my own.  I’m sort of what you would call a medium or a channeler.  That’s why you can’t hear my thoughts or feel any of my emotions.  And I can only receive a person’s feelings, never their thoughts.  Then I filter their emotions back to them — purified and clear of any negative emotion.  That’s why I’m able to take away the pain you’re feeling.  That’s just one of my talents.”
Mentally noted, I thought to myself as we kept on walking through the soggy woods.
“Is there anything else that you’ve discovered?” Tanner inquired.
I thought about Chief Roberts and Officer Ryan.
“Yeah,” I began, as a boastful smile crept across my face.  “I’m a lot stronger than what I look.”  I had to admit, I felt pretty proud about that.
Tanner’s brow rose.  “Really?” he asked curiously.  Then like a black belt, he threw his arm straight at me.  With one sweeping blow to my chest, he managed to knock me several yards, up against a large maple tree.  I heard the trunk of the massive tree crack when my back crashed into it and then I dropped to the ground like a brick.
“Maybe you’re not as strong as what you think?” Tanner posed.  I glared up at him as I tried to catch my breath.  “Don’t worry,” he assured, “That too will strengthen.  You shouldn’t have a problem with humans.  Just don’t go picking a fight with any Talismans for a while.”
His sneaky jab ticked me off.  I could feel wet mud soaking the rear of my jeans.
Tanner walked over and extended his hand.  “Here, I’ll be a gentleman.”
“A ‘gentleman’ wouldn’t have knocked me down,” I huffed and sharpened my glare.
I felt an overwhelming urge to return the favor.  Quickly, I tried to swing my leg around to sideswipe his lower limbs, so I could knock him off his feet.  To my dismay, it was only an attempt.  Tanner managed to jump out of the way.  The next thing I knew, he had grabbed a hold of my arm and hurled me over his head.  I crashed onto the ground.  I was now lying flat on my back, feeling nothing but a slight sting from his attack and unfortunately, more mud that now caked my entire backside.
Tanner stood over me smirking.  “I told you that I could sense emotions, Shiloh.  Vengeance is pretty powerful.  You need to learn to control that one.”
I propped myself up on my elbows and scowled at him.  I was even angrier than before, and he sensed it too.
“Okay, since you obviously want to play,” Tanner announced confidently.  “Let’s see what you’ve got.”
Good.  I need to release some of my tension the good ’ole fashion way and not by letting him absolve me of it.  I started to rise to my feet only to have Tanner spin around and drop kick me back onto the ground.
“Any day now,” Tanner taunted as he casually removed his jacket and hung it on the limb of a tree.
I was going to have to be a lot quicker and clear my mind, but that was easier said than done.  I sprang to my feet and snapped a hefty branch off a nearby oak.  Tanner didn’t seem the least bit intimidated.  I swung it at him several times, but he dodged every one of my strikes effortlessly.  Suddenly, a loud “squawk” cried out around us.  Tanner looked up to see the falcon swooping down on him.  The fowl’s sneaky attack gave me a chance to swing the branch into the side of his abdomen.  The force of the blow propelled him back several yards, where he crashed against the sidewall of a cliff.  A hail of earth and rock cascaded around him.
The crafty falcon landed on a bush beside me.  “Thanks,” I replied and threw the bird an appreciative nod.
I looked back to the exact spot where Tanner had crash-landed, only to discover that he was gone.  I heightened my guard and scanned the area for any signs of movement, branch raised and ready to strike.  Another abrupt “squawk” shrieked through the forest like a warning shot.  I’d just started to turn around so I could see what had alarmed my feathery cohort when I felt my makeshift weapon being ripped from my hands.  Tanner was transforming back into his human form as I completed my spin.  He tossed the large branch off to the side and slammed me down on the ground.  Granted, I was strong, but I couldn’t match his strength.  I tried to wrestle out of his hold, but he had me helplessly pinned.
“You can get off me NOW!” I barked, glaring at Tanner, who appeared to be in a deep focus.
“In a second,” Tanner assured.  “You need to calm down a little more.”
I knew what he was doing.  I could feel my anger, as well as all of my aggression, leaving my mind and body.  Once my attitude had been adjusted, Tanner released me and pulled me up to my feet.  I may have felt a lot more at ease, but this was far from over.  That wasn’t my anger talking.  It was simply my inborn, overly competitive nature.
“See, not a scratch on you,” Tanner confirmed as he spun me around.  “That’s another one of your powers.  Your body’s defense mechanism.  Your bones are indestructible, and the chance of even scratching your skin is almost impossible,” Tanner declared with admiration.
I checked my body.  He was right — just like this morning with the table saw.   Tanner extended his arm.  Streaks of blood-covered cuts were etched on his skin.  The rocks had nicked him, but his injuries were minor, like scratches from a cat.
“Even I can’t lay claim to that,” Tanner added.
I remembered how badly injured I was that night in the cave.  “So the wand that night, sort of—”
“Gave you the strength and invincibility of diamonds.  That’s a pretty powerful gift, Shiloh.  It’ll help you dominate your enemies when they strike…and believe me, they won’t be playing around like we were.  You’d better use every advantage you have against them.”
Tanner’s words echoed in my head.  I still found it hard to believe there were people or things out there that actually wanted to KILL ME.  Aside from my very first experience with the Onyx when I was little, I’d never been in a real fight.  I wouldn’t even count that one because all I did was run off.  The only acts of aggression I’d had over the years were the Tonka truck incident with Mike Riverside in kindergarten and the occasional riled up & rowdy sister-tussles with Chloe.  No one ever had grounds enough to hate me (Charlotte didn’t count), let alone want me dead.  Now sadly, it seemed I had every reason in the world for someone to want to kill me.  I was the lucky one who happened upon what Tanner had claimed was “the most powerful stone in the world”, and I was the only one who could wield its power.  Evidently, if someone wanted to take it from me, I could do one of two things.  I could surrender it willingly, like Adamas had done.  But realistically, anyone who wanted it bad enough, wouldn’t just ask me for it, or even expect me to hand it over.  The second option was more daunting — they would have to kill me.
Um, I think I know how this scenario will play out…every single time.
We strolled through the forest for a few more minutes, until we had reached the edge of a clearing on the mountain’s plateau.  Tanner signaled for me to walk out into the small field ahead of him.  I hesitated.  There were no trees to provide any sort of protection from the bitterly cold, pounding rain.  The storm clouds above us had darkened and looked even more ominous hovering over the wide-open field.  The cracks of thunder were almost deafening, and I flinched right along with every flash of lightning that lit up the sky.
Tanner gave me an insistent shove.  “What are you waiting for?  Go on.”
“You still want to play ‘catch’?” I asked skeptically.  “In this weather?  With all this lightning flying around?  In this field?  Seriously?”
Again Tanner said nothing.  He only acknowledged me by sternly pointing his hand towards the clearing.  I grunted and then stormed off, headed into the wide-open field.  The air was chilly, and the rain was just downright raw.  I slammed my foot forcefully onto the ground.
“And when it is going to stop raining?” I yelled.
I’m soaking wet, and he wants to play “catch”.  The only thing I’m going to “catch” is a cold.
Every time I stopped, Tanner would call out, “Keep going,” as he motioned me back with his hands.  I’d reached the center of the field when he finally yelled for me to stop and turn around.
“Okay.  I’m waiting!” I yelled.
Tanner didn’t say or do anything.  The cheeky Professor just cocked his head back and smiled, which only added to my confusion.  A flash of lightning streamed across the sky above us.  I flinched while Tanner stood calmly, right where he was.
“Where’s your ball?” I demanded anxiously.
“I must’ve dropped it somewhere along the way,” Tanner replied as he superficially patted the front pockets of his jacket.  He didn’t really seem to care about any missing ball, and I highly doubted he had one in the first place.
A wave of disbelief and suspicion came over me.  I shook my head and started to head back his way when from up above, a bolt of lightning streaked down from the stormy sky.  It landed three feet in front of me.  I jumped back and cowered down to the ground.
CRAP!
I glanced up at the sky and then back over at Tanner Grey.  He was casually pacing back and forth, just watching me.
“I knew this was a BAD IDEA!” I screamed out in a rage.
I sprang to my feet and gave the sky a quick check before I attempted to take another step.  I headed towards Tanner again — and like clockwork — another bolt of lightning came hurling my way.  I observed that this one was even closer as I leaped out of its path and landed on the muddy ground.  It had struck so close that I could still feel the bolt’s heat radiating around me.
WHAT THE HELL!  Still, Tanner stood back and did nothing but smile.  What kind of sick joke is he playing by leading me out here like this?  I felt like a sitting duck as soon as I saw YET ANOTHER bolt racing towards me.  I didn’t have time to get to my feet, so I threw my body over to the side and managed to roll out of its path.  The thunder roared like an angry lion, which only intensified my anger.
I sprang to my feet.  “Why are you just STANDING THERE?” I screamed.
I had to get out of this wide-open field.  Surely my luck was about to run out.  My indestructible bones and tough skin wouldn’t offer me any sort of defense if a billion volts of electricity happened to light me up like a Christmas tree.
I scanned the stormy clouds and took a quick, deep breath.  I’d just gotten up my nerve to make a run for it when I saw a violent, blazing bolt charging down upon me.  There was no time to react.  This one had me dead in its sights.  I cowered to the ground and braced for its imminent strike.  Why I raised my hands to protect myself from the blow was beyond me?  It wasn’t like I could “push” the daggone thing away.
In less than a second, the lightning hit me with all its vehement force.  While the bolt’s electricity shot through my body, I kept hoping I was going to be one of those fortunate people who claimed they were “struck by lightning” and lived to tell it.  I could feel every ounce of its volts exploding inside me, but to my surprise, it wasn’t painful — not at all.
Once the powerful surge had ceased, I lowered my hands and pried my eyes open.  I was alive and miraculously, uninjured.  Slowly, I rose from my crouched position as a wave of relief engulfed me.  I looked over to see Tanner Grey standing there, smiling proudly.
Though I was thankful to be alive, I was pretty hot under the collar.  He could have at least given me a heads-up when it came to his hands-on teaching methods.
“Is that what this was all about?” I demanded.
“Not this,” Tanner replied as he threw his arms up at the sky.  “THAT!” he exclaimed and pointed to my side.
I looked down at my hand.  My mouth fell open as I lifted my right hand up to my face.  There in my palm churned a radiant ball of white-hot electricity.  I felt its formidable power as it lay there, swirling in my hand.  Its force was mind-blowing, and I was nothing less than awestruck.  I raised my other hand, shifting the lightning ball back and forth between them.  Fascinated, I manipulated it some more, discovering that I could even stretch it out, back into the shape of a long bolt.  I felt like I was five years old as I sculpted the lightning like a hunk of Play-Doh.
This is freakin’ fantastic!
I looked over at Tanner.  His smile was just as radiant as the lightning.
“Some things are better left as surprises,” Tanner announced.
He was right.  Aside from the diamond wand of Adamas, this was the coolest thing I’d ever seen.  Its power was exhilarating!
“You’re right,” I confirmed with a mischievous grin as I thought about what Tanner had said about “surprises”.  I couldn’t help myself.  My competitive nature took hold as I pulled my arm back and hurled the lightning bolt in his direction.
Let’s see how HE likes it.
As predicted, Tanner’s violet eyes widened, and he quickly morphed into his purple misty form.  He successfully dodged the bolt and was by my side in an instant.  He threw me onto the ground as he quickly changed back into his manly state.
“Don’t try to school the teacher,” Tanner scolded as his body pressed against mine.  I couldn’t help but laugh at him.  “And by the way,” he added, “The rain will stop…when you will it to.”  He jumped to his feet and pulled me up beside him.
“What do you mean?” I asked cluelessly.
“Shiloh, the diamond is an incredibly unique stone,” Tanner explained.  “It has the ability to sway all four earthly elements — the air around you, the earth you stand on, the water which sustains you, and the fire that warms your soul.  But your birth-stone is the only one of its kind.  It’s the only stone to reign over the sacred fifth element — Storms — which permeates the universe, balances its energy, and sways the conscious mind.  Your origin stone not only gives you an exorbitant amount of psychic power, but it allows you to draw your energy from a storm’s life force.  This ‘storm’ that’s been churning is connected to your emotions.  I can only mask your feelings temporarily.  I can’t absolve you from them.”  Tanner placed his hands on my shoulders.  “So when you finally let go of all your deep-seated anger or learn to suppress it…the rain will stop.”
I looked up at the stormy sky.  I would have never guessed that I was the one responsible for this horrible weather.  Granted, it did match the mood I was in.  It’d been raining ever since I ran out of the house yesterday morning, right after finding out about Daddy.
“Shiloh, I know how the loss of your father has hurt you, and I know you want to avenge him.”  Tanner hesitated.  “Caiden was protecting you from Lazarus.  He knew the real reason Lazarus rolled into town to purchase the mine, and how close he was to discovering the wand’s location.  Caiden stumbled upon the cavern years ago.  He knew this day would come…when someone else would find it.”
Tanner let out a somber sigh.  “We were supposed to meet at the cave’s entrance that night, but he never showed up.  I found his lifeless body in the back of his truck, right after you’d been there.  I knew Lazarus had poisoned him.  His passing saddened me.  I’ve known Caiden for many years, and I hate that he’s gone.  But Shiloh, vengeance is a very raw, callous emotion.  It leads to nothing but evil intentions that will consume your thoughts and cloud your judgment.  Caiden wouldn’t want that.  You don’t want that.  You have to let it go.  Lazarus wants the wand, and he’ll stop at nothing to get it.  Your day with him will come, and then you’ll have to face him.  But don’t ever become misguided with hatred or let the quest for power consume you.  That’s not what bearing the honor of being a Talisman is about.  We’re here to protect life, never to take it unless a threat exists.  Every Talisman who took that road has ended up corrupted by their wicked intentions and roams the earth with a malevolent heart.  Just look at Lazarus…and the Onyx.  It’s easily done.   It’s a lot harder to stay true to your soul’s intended purpose, and yours Shiloh, is one of peace.  Adamas’ was as well.  That’s what truly made him a force to be reckoned with and a powerful leader.  I’m afraid you have some very big shoes to fill to claim that honor.”
My mind swirled as I processed Tanner’s words.  I found myself still bowled over by the fact that my father had known about the wand all this time and never hinted a word about it.  He’d never told me about the danger he was in either — that we both had been in.
“I never asked for any of this,” I stressed.  “I still don’t understand why the diamond chose me.”
Tanner held on to my shoulders gently, but with purpose.  “Shiloh, destiny isn’t random.  It comes for you when you’re ready.  Whether you think so or not.  You don’t just have to trust it, but more importantly, you need to trust yourself.  Anything is possible when you do that.”
I could feel the rain subsiding throughout Tanner’s tender touch, but as soon as our physical connection broke, the fickle clouds above resumed their steady and dismal drenching.
Weird.  I’m going to have to figure out some way to deal with my feelings on my own.  Talk about wearing your emotions on your sleeve.
“I think we’ll end your lesson here for the day, Shiloh.”
I agreed and we took off, just as swiftly as we’d come.  This time the distance between us narrowed.  I couldn’t tell if it was because I was running faster or if Tanner, out of consideration for my current emotional state, had slowed down.  Either way, I found his companionship comforting.  Not just because he had the power to lift my spirits, but I felt more connected to him and sensed a bond forming between us.  The one I’d shared with my father had been stolen so unexpectedly, so callously.
Maybe I need that?
We came to a stop at the edge of my gravel drive.  Charlotte’s car wasn’t there.  They aren’t back yet, I noted and breathed a sigh of relief.
“I think you can find your way from here,” Tanner teased.
A thought popped into my mind as I walked towards the house, regarding something Tanner had mentioned earlier.
“Hey, I have one more question,” I called back.
Tanner stopped and spun around.  “You’re kidding.  You have a question…”
My eyes narrowed as I shook my head.  “You said that it was almost impossible to sever my skin, right?”
“That’s correct.  Almost impossible,” Tanner confirmed.
“Well?  Don’t you think I need to know?” I demanded impatiently.  “What can cut my skin?”
Tanner transformed into his misty form and was by my side in an instant.  After a brazen wink, the Amethyst Talisman forcefully held down my left arm while he grabbed my right hand.  He took it and dug my fingernails down deep into the skin on my left arm, straight through my clothes.  I SCREAMED!  The pain he was forcing me to inflict on myself was excruciating.  I couldn’t believe he would do something like this to me — ON PURPOSE!  I broke free from his grasp and looked at my arm.  Through the rip in my jacket, I spied a deep gash that was pouring out blood.
Before the first profanity spewed from my mouth, Tanner extended his hand and replied, “A diamond, of course.”
There in his palm lay a tiny raw diamond.  I glanced at the hole in my arm and redirected my eyes back to the little rough stone.
IMPOSSIBLE!
Tanner tossed me the diamond and started to walk off.
“Bring that with you tomorrow.  Bright and early, Shiloh.  Oh, and soak that arm in some sea-salt & water tonight.  It’ll heal in no time.”
“But I have school.  Where are we going?”
Tanner never answered.  All I saw was a haze of purple light fading in the distance.  I held the little stone in the air to admire it once more.  My arm hurt like hell, but all I could do was stare and marvel at the rough diamond gemstone.
Amazing… Absolutely AMAZING!

Chapter  16  —  The Long Way Down

I bolted out of bed as soon as my alarm rang.  I had no idea what the day had in store, but I was looking forward to the distraction.  This was exactly what I needed.  Something to ease the fresh, painful ache I felt from my broken heart… Something to numb me, so I couldn’t feel the multitude of emotions tormenting my soul… But most of all, anything that could sidetrack my mind and keep me from dwelling on haunting past moments with my father that I would never experience again.  This “distraction” was a blessing — even if it was only masking my pain.
I slipped my left arm out of my pajamas.  Tanner was right.  The cut had completely healed.  There wasn’t even a scar.  Amazing.  I wasn’t sure exactly how much sea-salt to use when I’d drawn my bath, so I just dumped in what was left from the container Katie had brought over the other night.
I’ll have to pick up some more at the grocery store later.  Something tells me that I’m going to need it.
I grabbed Daddy’s crumpled shirt off my bed and hid it in the back of my closet.  There… Nice and safe.  I’d pulled it out last night.  After all, I didn’t have Tanner Grey here to filter my emotions.  I needed something to comfort my head and my heart.  The subtle scent of musk and spearmint from Daddy’s shirt helped, but in no way did it compare to blissful effects of Professor “Prozac” Grey.
I zipped through my morning routine and was ready in thirty-five minutes flat.  I placed the rough diamond (that I’d been forced to carve out of my skin) into the front pocket of my jacket.  I’d left the golden topaz on my finger last night.  Beatrix had said the little gem wouldn’t be of much use until it basked in the light of the next full moon (which wasn’t until this coming Friday), but I thought a dip in the salty water during my bath wouldn’t hurt.  It certainly didn’t help.  It remained a shiny but disappointingly, dormant bauble.
A rush of brisk fall air whirled around my body when I stepped outside, instantly energizing me with its lively touch.  Fresh fallen leaves danced around my feet as I trotted down the porch steps.  The rising sun was bright, and the clouds were few and far between.  It was going to be a gorgeous fall day in the mountains of West Virginia.
Good.  No more rain.
Despite Tanner not revealing any specific details last night, I had a pretty good idea as to “where” we were to rendezvous.  For fun, I arched my back and lowered myself into a track runner’s stance, just as they would before the gun fired to signal the start of their race.  Ready, set, go.  My strides were as swift as the wind.  I barreled across Shiloh Ridge with breakneck speed.  It only took me a matter of seconds to reach the cave’s secret entrance.  I arrived feeling a bit disappointed.  I was having fun with my newfound skill for speed, and just like a ride at a carnival, I hated it had ended too soon.
The side of the ridge was once again nothing but dirt.  I placed my hands firmly on its craggy surface.  Just as it had before, the opening began to reveal itself.  The earth shifted and the rocks crumbled away to unveil the cavern’s mystical entrance.  I followed the stone spiral staircase down to the bottom where (as I’d predicted) I found Tanner Grey sitting on the ground.
Tanner’s eyes were closed.  He seemed to be concentrating on something intensely.  He wasn’t chanting, not out loud at least, but he was absorbed in some sort of thought as he sat there holding a small stone in his cupped hands.  Patiently, I stood aside in silence and watched with utmost intrigue.  All of a sudden, the mysterious stone started to cast a vibrant purple glow.  The streams of light swirling out of its core and flowing all around his hands were absolutely mesmerizing.  After a few more seconds, the brilliant and hypnotic spectacle waned and the Amethyst Talisman opened his eyes.
“You’re late,” Tanner announced.
“You didn’t give me a specific time,” I cracked back.
Tanner rose to his feet and started tossing the stone back and forth in his hands.  “I didn’t give you a place either, but you managed to figure that out.”
I rolled my eyes at him — again.  If he didn’t lighten up on the wisecracks, my eyes were going to pop right out of their sockets.
“What were you doing?” I asked, curious about the little purple stone that he was now using for his own personal game of catch.
Tanner extended his hand to reveal a small tumbled amethyst, roughly the size of a quarter.  He raised one of his brows and grinned.
“Charging one of my stones for you,” he replied.  “It’s a gift.”  I extended my hand, only to have him yank the amethyst back playfully and well out of my reach.  “But now I’m thinking you may not need it…seeing how that gray sky is blue again.”
“No.  I want it,” I insisted as I tried to snatch it from his grasp.  In the midst of his laughter, I pretended to pout by crossing my hands and tapping my foot repeatedly on the cavern’s rocky floor.
Tanner let out a grunt and tossed me the stone.  “I can’t have you throwing a temper tantrum now can I, little—”
Without hesitation, I cut him off.  “DON’T say it!”  I knew exactly what was going to slide off the lips of the charming, but cheeky Tanner Grey.  He noted my displeasure with a grin on his approach.
I held up the stone.  “What will this amethyst do, exactly?”
“Just like your golden topaz, you’ll be able to draw its energy and wield some of the powers that the stone grants.  I thought it would be of some comfort to you during this time…to help with your grief.”
I smiled appreciatively and lowered my head.  Professor Grey was even more charming when he allowed his sensitive side to come through that rugged, cocky exterior of his.
“Thank you,” I replied in a gentle and sincere voice.  Straightaway, I clutched the amethyst tightly in my hand.  I could feel myself being overrun with joyful feelings.  He should bottle this stuff and sell it.  Tanner noted my instant change in emotions and smiled.
“You’re welcome.  Oh, and the stone will only work when it’s touching your skin,” he advised.  “It needs to make a connection, remember?”
I nodded as I slipped my little present into the front pocket of my jeans.
“So how do you ‘charge’ a stone?” I asked.
“Do you have the diamond from last night?” Tanner inquired.
“Right here,” I replied as I pulled the raw little wonder out of my pocket.
Tanner stepped closer and gently took a hold of my hands.
“All right… Hold the stone in your hands and close your eyes.”  I followed his instructions.  “Good.  Now, in order for a Talisman to share their power, you need to infuse the stone with a small amount of your energy.  You do that by concentrating on what ability you want the person to have.  I gave your amethyst my powers of tranquility and bliss, as well as my ability to alleviate the effects of various toxins.  That will come in handy.  Even though your body is now ‘invincible’, per se, you can still be taken down if one were accidentally ingested or entered your skin through an open wound.”
Yes.  That’s a must.
Tanner continued, “You only want to give the person what they need…never any more.  Since you’re the only Talisman who reigns in the house of The Storm, you can’t pass along any of your body’s invincibility to the stone.  It won’t allow you to do so.  Even the diamond knows how much of a detriment that would be.  You can however, infuse it with your psychic skills, which will not only extend your telepathic powers to them, but it will protect their mind, as well as their soul.  Caiden had one he wore…to protect himself from being possessed by the Onyx.”
Daddy’s strange little crystal necklace… It wasn’t a crystal at all.  That’s why he had it on the other day — for protection.  No wonder it hadn’t helped.  The bastard poisoned him.  I wonder what happened to it?   Tanner was still lecturing, so I redirected my full attention back to his valuable words of wisdom.
Tanner’s voice shifted into a serious tone.  “Also, if you trust the Talisman completely, you can share your ability to magnify their own powers — but ONLY if you trust them.  I can’t stress that enough.  You don’t ever want them to become addicted to the stone.  Even though their powers will get a boost, it’s only a fraction of what they experience when they’re around you.  A Talisman’s power will increase one-hundred-fold just by being in your presence.  In a sense, that’s your greatest disadvantage.  A constant reminder of the strength they could possess if they killed you would only fuel their cravings for the diamond wand…if they didn’t have the will or desire to fight them off.”
As I listened to Tanner Grey’s instructions, I thought about how I was a trusting person by nature.  Trust was one of my most precious virtues (even though it had left me vulnerable when dealing with Charlotte and Chloe all these years).  Now, I had to shelve that notion entirely and be one-hundred-percent skeptical of people from the get-go.  That made an uncomfortable feeling of paranoia surface.
I suppose around the wrong person, like Lazarus, just walking down the street would be like waving crack in front of an addict.  Obviously, being a Talisman wasn’t just going to alter my body and mind, but my soul as well.
“So, only another Talisman can draw a stone’s energy and use its powers?”
Tanner shook his head.  “Not exactly.  Talismans and other supernaturals can receive a stone’s full power.  A typical human can only feel a minute trace of its energy…and they can only benefit from a stone’s healing abilities and protections.  Never any of its supernatural powers.”
“I’d always thought a ‘talisman’ was actually a stone itself.  A ‘thing’ — not a person,” I admitted openly.  I realized I still had a lot to learn about the inner workings and mystique that surrounded this unfamiliar clique.
Tanner postured himself.  “Shiloh, many, many years ago, Talismans weren’t such a secret.  We didn’t have to be.  The world wasn’t as hostile as it is today.  Sure there were plenty of wars and a lot of fighting, but that’s simply in man’s nature.  There was still compassion for others, and greed wasn’t as prevalent.  Everyone is out for themselves nowadays, with no regard for the genuine well being of those around them.”
“That’s true,” I acknowledged.
“Talismans helped balance the world, Shiloh.  Unfortunately, our powers were very seductive to those with sinister intentions, whether they were supernaturals or not, so we went underground centuries ago.  Not only for our protection, but for man’s as well.  The legends and lure surrounding the magic of our stones is still out there, but with every year that passes, they become more myth than truth.  And that’s exactly the way we want to keep it — a secret.”
“Is that why most people don’t believe crystals and gemstones work?” I quizzed.
Tanner displayed a proud smile.  “Exactly.  They don’t — if they haven’t been ‘charged’.  Now, enough with the questions.  Close your eyes and charge that stone of yours.  Oh, and keep in mind…you’ll be giving that one to me.”
I cocked my head and looked over at him with one brow raised.  “I’m not sure if I can trust you,” I quipped.
Tanner tilted his head back and let out an unamused laugh.  “Little girl, you can’t afford not to.”
I turned a deaf ear as I knelt down.  I closed my eyes, cupped the rough little diamond in my hands, and did precisely what he’d said.  Though I wasn’t exactly sure “what” I should be doing specifically, my general pleas for all the powers that I’d experienced, as well as the ones Tanner had described, swirled in my head and served to guide a newfound raw energy I felt radiating inside me.  I immediately sensed a bright, warm light streaming from the diamond and could actually feel a part of myself fusing with the stone.  Thankfully, it didn’t hurt like it had when I’d cut it out of my arm last night.  It just tingled.  Once the magical phenomena had ended and I knew the ritual was complete, I rose from the ground and tossed the freshly charged diamond to Tanner.
“You’re welcome,” I said purposely.
Tanner acknowledged my gift with a mere hint of a grin as he placed the stone in his pocket and gave it a little tap.  That was it.  Not even a formal “thank you”.  None whatsoever.
“You’re not going to string it around your neck with a gold chain?  Like your tiger’s-eye?” I asked curiously.
Tanner’s mouth stretched into that wide crafty grin I’d come to know all too well.  “No.  I have other plans for this one…but a diamond shouldn’t be set into gold or silver.  It can of course, but it’s more powerful set in platinum.”
“Noted,” I replied heedfully.  His admission about the importance of what metal the stone should be placed in prompted another question, which I was sure he was going to love coming out of my mouth.
“I take it metals have some kind of energy…if they affects the stone’s strength.  Do they have any powers?”
“They do…but there are no Talismans who reign over any metal or their man-made alloys.  Metals naturally emit their energy to all supernaturals.  Some are beneficial, while others aren’t.  Silver is extremely harmful to a lot of them, but not to us.  The only thing that bears an adverse ill effect on certain Talismans is iron.  It won’t kill us, but it severely weakens our bodies and drains our powers if it comes in direct contact with our skin.  The only Talismans who aren’t affected by it are those who reign solely over an Earth stone — like the Onyx, for example.  Iron is so abundant in the earth that they’re immune to it.  Don’t be surprised if you feel a little queasy and extremely weak when you touch it.  Try to avoid it if possible.  There are small traces of iron in lots of things, just stay away from the objects that have a high concentration of it.  Stainless steel isn’t a problem, because it contains chromium.  Chromium actually shields us from the iron’s effects.  You’ll figure out what to avoid soon enough.  Fortunately for us, gloves work in a pinch.  Not a bad idea to keep a pair handy.”
I thought about when I’d hurled the plant stand through the window the other day.  I felt weak as soon as I touched it and quite nauseous too.
“Like wrought iron,” I stated doubtlessly.  Tanner confirmed my assessment with a nod of his head.
“As far as some of the other metals go… A lot of supernaturals use copper to cast their spells, because it only directs energy and can’t be permeated.  Since brass is one of its metal alloys, you can hone in on the copper’s energy and manipulate its structure easily.  Most locks are cast from it, so opening a door is a breeze.  That might have been helpful for you to know the other day.  You wouldn’t have had to break your window,” Tanner laughed.  “You could have discovered that for yourself, if you would have been more patient.”
I threw him a cold glare.
“Lithium’s a fun one,” Tanner added.  “Since cell phones and laptops use it in their batteries, you can listen in on people’s conversations and even get a mental picture of what they’re looking at on their computers.”
“Isn’t that eavesdropping…and a bit nosey?”
“And listening in on people’s thoughts through telepathy isn’t?” Tanner quickly rebutted.
I smiled mischievously.  Well, he’s got me on that one.
“You’re right,” I conceded.
“Okay,” Tanner announced as he pointed up to the mouth of the cave.  “Let’s go.”  Obediently, I followed him up the winding rock staircase.
“Tanner, can I charge any diamond or does it have to come from me?” I asked as I thought about how painful the whole experience had been last tonight.
“You should ONLY charge your own stones…NEVER any other!  No Talisman should!”  Tanner continued up the stairs and then stopped.  His tone softened as he added, “You can, but it’s difficult to do so, and they’re notoriously unpredictable.  Not a wise thing, so get that thought out of your head.”
I nodded back at him.  You know, they really ought to print a daggone guidebook to go by.  There were so many rules to learn.  I pondered, They could call it, The Do’s and Don’ts of Stones, or possibly, A Beginner’s Guide for Talismans, or even better, Talisman-Training for Dummies.
“Are you ready?” Tanner asked eagerly as soon as we’d reached the top.
“Yeah,” I announced, echoing his enthusiasm.  “What’s the game-plan?”
“We’re going to stretch our legs a bit.”  Tanner motioned back to the entrance of the cave.  “Close the door, would you?”
I turned and waved my hands over the opening.  Fascinated, I watched the rocks and earth shift around, connecting like pieces of a puzzle and sealing the mouth of the cave.  I turned back towards Tanner, but all I could see was a trail of purple mist hurtling off into the woods.  I shook my head.
Ugh!  I guess the “gentleman” has never heard of “ladies first”…
Quickly, I followed behind him.  I couldn’t help but notice how much faster I was running today.  Only a few yards separated us, though I’ll admit he was a lot more agile.  While Tanner Grey could dodge trees and leap over bushes with an exceptional level of accuracy, I bounced around behind him like a daggone pinball.  I hit pretty much everything in my path.  I had no idea where we were going, but I knew it was definitely much further than we had traveled yesterday.
After running for about forty minutes, we came to an almost synchronized stop.  Well, at least I didn’t trip this time.  My eyes widened as they panned around to take in the breathtaking view — colorfully-kissed rolling mountains stretched throughout the countryside under a heavenly field of pristine blue, peaking and dipping gracefully for as far as your eyes could see.
Rapt in wonderment, I beamed an approving smile.  No doubt about it… West Virginia at its best.
“Do you know where you are now?” Tanner asked confidently.
“Yes.  US-19, standing on the New River Gorge Bridge.”  It was the largest and highest steel expansion-bridge in the country, and not to mention, equally as impressive as the view.  Once a year, daredevils would flock here for Bridge Day, the only legal day of the year when you could bungee or BASE jump from its top.  It was the perfect place for such an event.  Though I didn’t consider myself a chicken by any means, I’d never attempted it (nor gave it a crazy second-thought).  You could even go white-water rafting in the New River below, but only when they opened up the dam this time of the year. 
Tanner fearlessly sat down on the bridge’s narrow concrete guardrail.  It made me nervous just watching him.  He noted my uneasiness.
“It’s totally safe.  Well, I mean it’s not iron, that is.  That’s the only thing one-hundred-percent safe about it.  Though I can’t say the same about all those iron-rich girders underneath us,” he replied with a wink.  Tanner paused to take in the view.  “Do you remember when you asked me why was the wand hidden here, of all places?”
“Yes,” I replied.
“I ask you… Why not?” Tanner posed as he released his arms from the security of the railing and pointed them out towards the majestic panorama lying before our eyes.  “The wand needed a source of carbon to maintain its energy, but this area has been relatively untouched by time.  Could there have been a more secluded or serene place?  These lands are not only filled with earthly treasures, but raw beauty as well.  It was the perfect place…right down to its people.”  He took a deep breath as he drank in the delights of the awe-inspiring scenery.
I had lived in West Virginia all of my life.  It was a very rural environment, where nature’s bounty was plentiful, but it lacked the availability of jobs for its residents.  If you lived here, for the most part, you were either a coalminer, married to a coalminer, or your job catered to the livelihoods of coalminers in some way.  I’d always wanted more for myself.  Though I desperately longed to escape this area one day, it was refreshing to see West Virginia through the eyes of an outsider.  It warmed my soul that someone could see the beauty in the state we tended to take for granted.
Carefully, I climbed up and sat beside him, positioning myself securely on the bridge’s narrow concrete railing.
“Why are we here?” I asked.
“For your next lesson, of course.”  Tanner flashed a sly grin, just as he swiftly pushed me backward — off the daggone bridge!
I screamed all 876 feet down the gorge.  All I could think was, Why the Hell can’t I fly!?!  Unbreakable bones or not, this landing was certainly going to sting.
Like a mother, I grumbled.
I crashed into the chilly waters below.  The force of the fall drove me down to the riverbed, where my body scraped its bottom.  The walloping impact hurt of course, but nowhere near how I’d thought it would.  Without a doubt, any normal person wouldn’t have been able to survive such a fall.  They certainly couldn’t walk away without numerous broken bones, not the way I’d smacked the water’s surface.  Fortunately for me, I was no longer a “normal” person.
I maneuvered my feet and forcefully pushed against the river bottom, reaching the surface in less than a second.  Furiously, my eyes scanned the riverbank for Tanner Grey.  I finally spotted him strolling casually downstream, heading towards me.
“Why did you do THAT!?!” I screamed.
Tanner appeared to be offended, which only added to my confusion.  “I don’t know what you’re complaining about?  I had to take the long way down,” he scoffed and pointed over to a winding mountainside trail that led to the bottom of the gorge.
“I was hoping I wouldn’t be so WET today!” I snapped.
“Oh, we wouldn’t want that,” Tanner laughed and flashed me his signature cheeky grin.
That’s not good.
Tanner stood on the riverbank and turned upstream.  Oddly enough, he seemed to be staring intently at the water.
What’s he doing?
I waded in the river while I followed his focused gaze upstream.  Suddenly the river began to swell and surge.  I looked over at Tanner.  This was all his doing.  A huge wall of water was now rushing towards me.  Not a slim-second later, I was being swept away in a violent flashflood.  The river’s turbulent waters were tossing me around tirelessly, and I felt its grip desperately trying to tug me under.
I struggled to keep my head above the water for several minutes, but it kept pulling me below the surface as the brutal current tossed me downstream.  I couldn’t fight its fury.  A large wave finally forced me down.  Swimming topside was impossible, no matter how hard I tired.  The water seemed to be holding me there.  I didn’t even get a chance to take a deep breath before it had dragged me under.  My body twisted and turned strenuously, dying to escape.  I assumed it was only a matter of time before I would run out of air but surprisingly, I didn’t.  The water’s tireless grip eventually loosened (after what felt like a short eternity), finally freeing me to drift up to the surface.
Overwrought with anxiety and physical exhaustion, I paddled towards the riverbank.  As soon as I’d reached it, I flipped myself over and flopped onto my back.  A shadow fell over my body as I lay there, trying to catch my breath.  I looked up to see Tanner standing above me.
“Why are you so out of breath?” Tanner questioned.  “You shouldn’t have had a problem with air down there.  After all, you’ve been under for about a half-hour.”
I made an attempt to splash him with some of the chilly water that had imprisoned me for the past thirty minutes.  “How did you do THAT?”
“My amethyst reigns as a water element.  I thought this way of revealing it would serve two purposes.  You could grasp the serious nature of Talismans who claim a water stone, and you could see that a small part of you can manipulate the elements of water and air, to keep you safe from the water’s fateful outcome.”
“Honestly, you could’ve just told me the objective of your little lesson!  You brought me all the way up here to Fayetteville to show off and prove I can’t drown?” I grunted as I rose to my feet and looked down at my drenched clothes.  Straightaway, I leaned towards Tanner and violently shook my dripping hair at him.  The Amethyst Talisman grinned as he jumped out of the sprinkling water’s path.   He brushed off his jacket and laughed.
“Not entirely.  We’re here because you’re growing more powerful, and we can’t risk Lazarus sensing any of your energy,” he replied matter-of-factly.  “Besides, there’s a café up the road that serves a pretty mean omelet.”
I looked down at my sopping wet clothes and then back at him like he was nuts.  He sensed my resistance.
“Don’t worry.  The run to town will dry you out,” Tanner chuckled.  “My treat, since you didn’t bring your purse.”  He patted my back as he once again transformed and was off like the wind.  I shook my head and grunted, but diligently followed his lead.
The misty purple trail came to a stop on the outskirts of Fayetteville.  We walked (like normal people) down the small-town’s quaint main street.  Before long, we were at the entrance of the Cathedral Café.  It appeared to have once been a church that now housed a charming downtown eatery.  It was a little crowded, but we managed to find a vacant table.  The décor was on the spiritual side with whimsical accents everywhere.  Hand-painted tabletops and mismatched chairs littered the dining area in a random fashion, bright multihued ceramic tiles covered a long counter where a line of customers sat munching on their food, and funky artwork from local talent adorned the walls of the colorful and cheery café.  I had to admit, it was cute.
A waitress hurried over to our table.  She seemed just as infatuated with Tanner as Shelia had been at Anthony’s restaurant the other day.  I sat back and watched the twenty-something brunette while she doted on him without giving me the slightest bit of attention, smiling and flirting uncontrollably.  It was sickening, but I’ll admit, slightly amusing.  However, being a part-time waitress myself, this aggravated me to no end.  I motioned at him to order for me, seeing how I doubted she would remember a single word coming out of my mouth.  Our server soon scurried off to the kitchen with hopefully, all of our order — not just Tanner’s.  We may have been thinking of food, but when the flirty waitress brushed my arm as she left, her thoughts rang through my head as clear as a bell.  “Somethin’ else” was undeniably on her mind.
I propped my head up on the table with my hands and threw Tanner a sassy smile while I batted my eyes.  He let out a subtle chuckle and passed off her actions by saying, “She probably just wants a good tip.”
I glanced back towards the espresso counter where she was now chatting with another waitress.  They were staring dreamily at Tanner as they whispered and giggled back and forth.  Guess again, I noted quietly.
“Well, if that’s the case…” I began, “she would’ve at least acknowledged me.”
Amused, Tanner hastily replied, “Well, we can’t have your feelings hurt, now can we?  Let’s get her back over here.”  He threw up his hand straightaway.  “Oh, Miss?”
Embarrassed, I watched wide-mouthed as he waved her over before I could stop him.  Surely the busty airhead would think I was jealous of her.  Ugh!  I wasn’t — not really — it just ticked me off.  We could be a “couple” for all she knew.  I simply thought her behavior was tacky, and she sure had a lot of nerve.  She was average at best.  She just had extremely large “assets”.
Our waitress was by Tanner’s side in an instant.  She leaned across him, rather seductively, as she placed his glass of water on the table.  Mine was purposely slammed in front of me (some of it even splashed my shirt).
I threw her a glare as I snatched my napkin out of my lap and blotted the spots of water.  I just dried off, you twit!  I heard her inform Tanner that her name was “Lila”.
Tanner cleared his throat.  “Well, Lila.  You were somewhat rude to my friend, Shiloh.”  The clueless waitress continued to stare at her handsome patron.  He finally had to motion for her to look my way.
“I’m so sorry,” Lila replied to Tanner and then threw me a dirty glare.  She turned back to her handsome customer.  “How can I make it up to you?” she hinted in a sinfully suggestive voice.
I sat there, stunned by her saucy demeanor.  There’s no shame in her game, that’s for sure!
“Shiloh, how can she make it up to you?” Tanner asked.
“She can’t,” I replied curtly and took a sip of water.  I fumed silently, What she needs is a cold shower…
The next thing I knew, Lila had snatched the ice water out of my hand and started to pour it all over herself.  I couldn’t believe what was happening.  Then she grabbed Tanner’s glass and dumped it over her head as well.  Lila’s whole appearance had changed.  She was wet of course, but she seemed dazed, like she was in a trance.  She didn’t shiver the least little bit when the icy water had hit her (not even now with chunks of ice lodged in the cleavage of her boobs).  My idea of a “cold shower” rang out.  She had the same look in her eyes that Trooper Burks had when he’d changed his mind and dropped me off at the mine, instead of taking me home as he had intended.   I had an epiphany.  I made her do it!  Tanner noticed me cringing.  Without a doubt in his mind, I was guilty as Hell.  However to my surprise, Tanner was sporting a rather gratified look on his face.
“You could have just made her give you a free muffin or something, Shiloh.  Now she’s all wet,” Tanner remarked.  “From what I’ve been told, little girls don’t like that.”
“Oops,” I replied, not so innocently.
Lila was still standing beside our table, suspended in a trance.  I turned to her and softly ordered, “You can go check on our order now.”  With an added wave of my hand, she turned and headed towards the kitchen.
Oh, wait, I thought.  She immediately stopped in the middle of the café.  Quickly, I mentally whispered a secret message to her.  Once my directive had been received, she headed off on her merry way back into the kitchen to check on our food.
Tanner kicked me under the table.  “What was that?” he asked.
“I told her to hold the spit — on mine.”  Tanner slung his napkin at me.  I couldn’t help but giggle.  Our omelets and juice were delivered to us in a snap.  I had to admit my meal was excellent, definitely better than the service.
“Can I do that to anyone?” I asked as we walked out of the café, still a little unclear about my new talent.
Tanner didn’t answer.  He appeared to be too preoccupied with a man slumped down in an adjacent alley.  Clearly he was more than curious about the stranger.  Downright distracted seemed a better fit.
“Not to supernaturals, just people,” Tanner finally replied, his eyes never leaving the lethargic man propped against the building for one second.  “And it’s easier to compel someone you don’t have an emotional connection with.  Your personal feelings and past experiences will cloud your attempts.  Over time, you’ll learn to control them.”  Tanner glanced at me and instructed, “Wait here,” and then walked over to the stranger.
I stood right where I was and watched him kneel beside the stranger.  The man yelled a few “choice words” at Tanner, that is, until the Amethyst Talisman placed his arms around him.  Curiously, I crept closer.  He embraced the man for a about minute.  Tanner then took his hand and scraped it down his own neck.  The broken skin unveiled his stone, a small amethyst, in the same manner mine had been revealed.  Once his blood had been wiped off the stone, Tanner closed his eyes and cupped the amethyst in his hand, just like down in the cave.  Within seconds, Tanner placed it in one of the man’s hands.  The stranger seemed more alert, though he never looked directly at Tanner.  The man then rose to his feet with an obviously more cheerful demeanor and strutted off proudly down the street.
“What was that about?” I asked as he signaled for me to follow him.
“I was helping him with a few of his demons,” Tanner replied.
Not real demons? I wondered.  He noticed the strange look on my face.
“I healed him,” Tanner revealed.  “That man has been suffering for a long time.  He was dealing with some pretty intense depression.  His spirit was reeling with misery, and he was quite irritable, if you ask me.  He was also an alcoholic.”
“What do you mean was?” I posed.
“I purged him of his bad thoughts and feelings, as well as his addiction.  Alcohol is a poison to the mind, body, and soul.  As long as he holds on to that stone, he won’t ever have to worry about getting the urge to take a drink again.  All Talismans have healing powers.  Some just don’t choose to use them.”
I found myself in awe of the charming Talisman’s compassionate actions towards the stranger.  “That was very kind,” I muttered as I basked in admiration.
“Shiloh, that’s one of the reasons why we have our gifts.  Not for our own benefit, but for others.  Being a Talisman isn’t all about mystical powers or flexing our muscles.  It’s a helpful ‘means to an end’ for peace and order mind you, but our powers were meant to help the world and its people.”  Tanner glanced back at the stranger.  “One person at a time, if need be.  Always remember that.”
What he said rang true.  The world was overrun with pain and suffering, no matter how great or small the hardship.  Once again the brassy, though charismatic tough guy had let his sensitive side shine through.  I really liked seeing it.
Something about the exchange nagged me.  “But he didn’t thank you?  Did he?”  I couldn’t imagine receiving such a valuable gift and not showing any sort of appreciation for it.
“He couldn’t.  He doesn’t even know what happened, let alone remember it,” Tanner replied.  “That’s part of our defenses…secrecy.”
“So, Talismans can heal people from anything?” I asked curiously.
“In a roundabout way,” Tanner replied.  “You see…every stone heals a different affliction.  My powers purge negative emotions, and I can counteract most toxins, but where I can heal a person of these ailments, I can also burden them with the same ones.  If a Talisman uses their powers to afflict someone, then they are the only one who can reverse it.  That’s important to remember, especially when dealing with supernatural poisons.  Shiloh, the only way you can be poisoned is if you were to actually ingest the toxin or through an open wound.  That means you need to watch what put in your mouth and be very careful with your wounds until you heal them with sea-salt & water, which by the way, you should always keep on you, all the time.  You can also heal them under the light of any full moon.  That’s actually the fastest way.  The healing touch of a full moon’s beam is an extremely powerful force.  In fact, a special moonbeam, personally sent from the Talisman who reigns over the moonstone, can heal any supernatural instantly — from anything, even from another Talisman’s affliction.  It’s a rare occurrence.  The act itself weakens the moonstone Talisman.  It drains her powers for a spell because she must absorb the affliction and purge it herself.  That’s why it doesn’t happen often.  To my knowledge, she’s only done it once.  So, seeing as how a chance of that happening is next to none and a moonbeam from a full moon rolls around only once every 29 1/2 days, I’ll repeat…keep a bottle of sea-salt & water on you ALL THE TIME,” Tanner affirmed with a stern nod.
I found everything Tanner revealed about this magical, new world fascinating.  Though learning about my limitations was somewhat alarming, it was still exciting.  The knowledge he passed along was like an addictive drug, and I wanted more.
“What can Beatrix cure?” I asked.
“Beatrix can fuse broken bones and cure a few aliments, like blindness for example.”  Tanner advised, “Don’t ever mention to her that I told you about this.  She won’t ever talk about it herself.  Beatrix was born with her sight, but someone took it from her tragically when she was a young woman in her twenties.  She’s actually been blind all her adult life.  Fortunately when she was united with her golden topaz, it allowed her to see by granting that ‘third-eye’ of hers.  It couldn’t restore her own eyesight because it was taken by another Talisman.  Only they can reverse the magic.”
I gasped.  “That must’ve been horrible for her.”
“Aw, she’s a tough old broad.  Don’t feel bad for her.  Beatrix wouldn’t want you to.  She told me that her blindness was a blessing in disguise.  She was able to view the world in a whole new light.  Even though the golden topaz allows her to see, she only does so when she has to.  She prefers relying on her other senses.”  Tanner added with a laugh, “Oh, there’s something else about Beatrix’s healing abilities… She’d kill me for telling this one, but her golden topaz also helps control a person’s weight.  That’s how she really stays so slim.  The woman eats like a damn bird!”  Tanner’s subtle chuckles erupted into a boisterous laugh.  His tone shifted, and he added seriously, “Most important, the golden topaz offers a great deal of protection from death…but you already know about that.  As far as humans are concerned, it just delays the inevitable outcome for a while, buying them some time, so you really can’t call that a healing power.”
“Do I have any healing powers?”
Tanner took a deep breath.  “Your diamond is special.  It can heal any physical injury, like the ones you sustained in the cave the other night, but it can also cure illnesses of the mind as well.  Those are pretty powerful gifts, Shiloh.  Curing a random ailment is one thing, but saving a life is nothing less than miraculous.”
I smiled, fully acknowledging the weight of his claim.  Shiloh Wallace…Talisman, M.D.
“There’s something else,” Tanner announced.  “You know, your ability to increase another Talisman’s powers?”
“Oh yes… You mean my ‘greatest disadvantage’?” I scoffed reluctantly.  “How can I forget?”
“Well, the power’s original intent was to boost another Talisman’s healing abilities.  You make it easier for them when they’re in your presence.  But you’re right, with every pro, there’s certainly a con of equal magnitude.  That’s just how the universe works,” Tanner replied as he placed his hand on my head and mussed my hair.
Once we were on the outskirts of town, Tanner announced, “Let’s go.”  With a playful smack on my rear, he added, “I think you need to burn off all those calories you just ate back there.  After all, you don’t have a charged topaz to rely on.”
I jabbed his shoulder, and in less than a second, we bolted into the forest, barreling across the mountainous West Virginia countryside.
We came to a stop near a small stream that flowed into a plunging waterfall.  Black Fork Falls… Well, I guess I finally made it to Twin Falls after all, I joked to myself.  I’d been here hiking the trails many times before.  The park was less than an hour from home (well, by driving).  The waterfall was located in an isolated area, away from a lot of the more touristy attractions, and it seemed we were all alone.
Tanner decided that the rest of the afternoon should be spent sharpening my physical skills and reflexes.  I had a sneaky suspicion I would end up soaking wet before we concluded for the day.  Sure enough, I was right.  I managed to stay dry, though dirty, during the first couple of hours of our “play fighting”.  That’s what Tanner called it.  I thought “willing torture” was more accurate.  But when Tanner saw I was much stronger than yesterday, he upped his game and hurled me into the waterfall.  Once again, I was wet and pissed.  After several more hours had passed, the sun began to set on my long, grueling day.
“Try to be on time tomorrow,” Tanner urged.  “I think you know your way home from here.”  With a flash of a smile he was off again.  I followed his lead and made a mad dash for my house.
The closer I ran to Welch, the easier it became to get my bearings.  I was impressed with my precision.  I only ran into one tree this time around.  My pace slowed to a steady jog as I winded around the last sharp curve about a half-mile from my house.  As I turned onto my gravel drive, I noticed that though Charlotte’s Cadillac was absent, Samuel’s Jeep was parked in its place.  I ran up onto the porch to find my surrogate father swaying on the weathered old swing.
“I’m glad you showed up when you did.  I was about to leave for my shift.”  Samuel hesitated.  “They gave me Caiden’s job.  I wasn’t expecting…that,” he replied with a heavy sigh.
There it was — exactly what I was trying to avoid.  I had Daddy in my heart.  I didn’t need him floating 24/7 around in my head, too.  It was too much heartache to deal with.
“What are you doing here?” I asked, desperate to change the subject.
Samuel seemed surprised by my question and let out a laugh.  “I came by to check on you.  I sent you a couple of texts today.  I even called up to the school.  The lady in the office said you weren’t there, but that Chloe was.”  Samuel looked me over from head to toe, eyeing my extremely soiled clothes.  “What have you been…doing today?”
I couldn’t think of a good excuse.  I didn’t realize I would need an alibi on stand-by.
“Nothin’ much,” I replied casually.
Samuel’s brow rose suspiciously.  “Well, you sure have a whole lot of nothin’ on your clothes.  Did you lie down on a dirt-track and let the four-wheelers use you as ramp?”
I shook my head.  “No, Samuel.”  I wasn’t about to give up any details about where I was, whom I was with, and certainly not what the heck we were doing.
“Aside from the dirt, nothin’ seems to suit you.  I expected to find you moping around the house…but then I saw you come a runnin’ round the bend with a smile plastered on your face.  A smile like I haven’t seen since you were a little girl and would get a new toy.  You look happy.  Almost burstin’ with joy.”
I kind of felt offended by Samuel’s observation.  Is he trying to insinuate that I’m not mourning my father properly?  I was a wreck on the inside, but a whole new world had been revealed to me, whether I liked it or not.  A world with unlimited opportunities that would allow me to have what I wanted more than anything else — Lazarus Xcavare’s head.
“Samuel, don’t think for one second that I’m not devastated by Daddy’s passing,” I snapped.
Samuel cut me off quickly.  “No, Shiloh…that’s not what I meant.  Boy, you women like to read things into what us men say.”  He patted the empty spot beside him on the porch swing.  “Come over here and sit down.”
Feeling a bit ashamed about my assumption, I lowered my head and plopped down on the swing beside my surrogate father.  Samuel threw his arm around me, and I nuzzled my head against his shoulder.
“What I was trying to say was simply, whatever you’re doing to ease your grief…do it.  You don’t need to be sulking around the house, wishing for one more moment with Caiden.  Your father wouldn’t want that, and I don’t either.”
I could see how concerned he was when I tilted my head up and looked into his warm brown eyes.
He continued, “Shiloh, you have a glow about you.  I can’t explain it, but you definitely have one.”  Samuel’s voice grew solemn and serious.  “I know all too well how you can spend your life pining for someone who’s only a memory to you.”  I watched a small tear take form in the corner of his eye.
I thought to myself, His wife… Sarah.
“When they leave without warning…well let’s just say, your emotions can haunt you into your darkest of hours or you can choose to live each day enjoying what the world has in store for you.  You always take what you get, but hope each day is brighter than the last.  All I’m saying is…don’t do it the way I did for so long.  The most valuable thing in the world is time.  Don’t waste it and don’t shut the people you love out of your life.  Don’t ever take anything for granted.  That’s the thing about time — you never know when yours is up.”
Samuel’s words were comforting, but they did give rise to some guilt, forcing me to acknowledge that I’d been tuning everyone out these last few days.  Samuel, Katie, and even Ty.  I’d thrown myself into this new world without telling anyone what I’d been doing or why.  But I couldn’t.  Even if I could, what would I say?  Hey guys… I’m sorry for shuttin’ all of y’all out.  I know y’all have been so worried about me, but I haven’t had the time.  I’ve been too busy tryin’ to sharpen my new supernatural skills that I got from this glowin’ diamond wand out back.  I’ll make myself more available after I take care of Lazarus Xcavare and avenge my father.  Please accept my apologies…
I don’t think so!
I gave Samuel a peck on the cheek and hugged him.  “I promise, Samuel.  I’ll be more present and not close myself off from everyone…especially you.”
“Good.  Then you can start by telling me what you’ve been doing?  Nothing illegal, I hope.  I bet Officer Ryan would love to haul your butt down to the jail after whippin’ his tail the way you did the other day.”
“I’m sure he would, but nothing illegal.  I promise.”  My smile turned into a serious stare as I swayed on the swing and thought quietly, Nothing illegal yet, but I’m pretty sure killing someone still falls under the category of a crime, whether they’re a supernatural being or not.
Samuel wasn’t giving up.  It was obvious that I was daydreaming about something.  He poked me with his elbow.  “Is it a boy?”
I was surprised by his assumption.  Samuel took my expression the wrong way, and in a typical fatherly-fashion, he continued his interrogation.
“Don’t tell me it’s that Mike Riverside from the other night.  I saw the way he was lookin’ at you.  Caiden was right.  I should’ve brought Bessie Mae with me!”
I started laughing at the mental image of Samuel going after Mike Riverside with “Bessie Mae”, the affectionate name he used when referring to his double-barrel shotgun.
“No, no, no!  Absolutely not!  Not on his best day — or my worst.”
Samuel let out a sigh.  “That’s a relief.”
Next thing we knew, my mother’s Cadillac was pulling up to the house.  Once she had parked, Charlotte and Chloe hopped out of the car giggling and carrying a slew of shopping bags.  They were all from various stores in Bluefield.  There was even a small tote bag stamped, Vance Travel Agency.
Samuel pointed over to the terrible-twosome.  “See, Shiloh.  Everybody handles grief…in different ways.”  He shook his head and threw Charlotte a dirty look.  Clearly he was just as riled by her behavior as I was.  I’d kind of hoped she was truly saddened by Daddy’s passing, but considering all of her indiscretions that had recently come to light, I suspected it was more wishful thinking on my part.
Charlotte and Chloe seemed beside themselves with joy as they scurried up the steps.  What are they so happy about?  Neither of them made any attempt to speak to us.  As Charlotte entered the house, I called out, “Chloe, what’s going on?”
I noticed a twinkle in my little sister’s eyes when she turned our way.  Chloe placed her shopping bags down on the porch and then tossed her raven hair back as she flashed me a haughty smirk.
She’s definitely reveling about something.
“If you must know…” Chloe answered in a condescending tone, “Mom and I… are going to be RICH!”
Shocked by her announcement, Samuel and I both turned to each other with the same look of disbelief.
“How’s that exactly?” I asked skeptically.
“Daddy had a little secret,” Chloe revealed with a sneaky grin.
I shot to attention after hearing the words “Daddy” and “secret” uttered in the same sentence.
“Daddy owned Shiloh Ridge!” Chloe squealed.  “Mom didn’t even know about it until Kyle Parsons from the County Clerk’s office called her this morning.  He told her that Daddy held the title, and someone wanted to purchase it.  She went to the bank and got into his safe-deposit box.  Low and behold, there was the deed!  Mr. Xcavare is going to pay her FIFTEEN MILLION DOLLARS for it!  Isn’t that GREAT NEWS?  Well, for me and Mom, that is.”
Once my stomach had landed from its flip, panic swooped down on me like a flock of buzzards looking to pick me apart.  My body remained motionless as all the color drained from my face, knowing full well I was probably as white as a sheet by now.
NO!  Lazarus will find the cave!  He’ll punch holes in every inch of Shiloh Ridge!  Then that bastard will discover the wand has already been claimed!
“Oh, Shi… You look a bit peaked,” Chloe remarked as she stepped closer.  I was staring down at the porch, fixated on my thoughts of how to stop this from happening when Chloe lifted my head.  “Awww… Don’t fret.  Mom’s already said you can stay here.  But you might have to pay some rent,” she added with a smirk and a snide tap on the tip of my nose.
My mouth dropped as I watched her trot off into the house triumphantly, whirling her shopping bags around with a shit-eaten’ grin plastered on her face.
“They’re NOT going to do that…I promise,” Samuel vowed.  “Don’t let them see you all worked up, Shiloh.”  Samuel looked at his watch and grimaced.  “Honey, I have to leave for work, but if you want, you can stay at my house…till things settle down around here.  You’re more than welcome to.”
I was grateful for his offer, but I couldn’t help be a little confused by his lackadaisical attitude regarding my dilemma.  I’d kind of expected my “surrogate father” to put forth more of a fuss than just, “I promise they won’t do that”?
He’s been around our family my entire life.  Has he not “seen” what those two are capable of?
“That’s not going to solve my problem.”  I added nervously, “Go on.  I’ll be fine.  Bye, Samuel.”  I tried to act as calm as he seemed to be, but at that moment, I was ready to jump out of my skin.
Samuel gave me a couple of reassuring pats.  “Bye, Shiloh.  No worries now.”  I watched him stroll casually over to his Jeep, and before I knew it, he was headed off to the mine.
I turned and made a mad dash into the house.  I found Charlotte in her bedroom, dragging one of her suitcases out of the closet.
“You can’t do this!” I protested.  “You don’t know what you’re doing!”
Charlotte threw the large bag on her bed and zoomed around the room, gathering up clothes to pack.  She finally paused to scowl at me.
“I can, and I will.  I know exactly what I’m doing, Shiloh.  I’m signing a piece of paper tomorrow afternoon that’s going to make me fifteen-million dollars richer, so I can finally get out of this hellhole.  That’s what I’m doing!”
“No!  You just CAN’T!” I pleaded.
“Ugh!  You can live in the damn house!  What kind of mother would I be if I didn’t allow you to do that?  You’ll have to pay some rent of course, but considering you’re eighteen now and legally an adult, I could throw you out on the street.  The only thing I’m guilty of here is being too generous.”
Clearly desperate, a thought rang out.  I’ll compel her not to sell the land.  I stood there quietly concentrating on Charlotte as she bounced around the room.  I thought,

Charlotte Wallace…
You WILL NOT sell Shiloh Ridge
to Lazarus Xcavare…

I repeated it over and over in my head.
“Charlotte… What are you going to do?” I asked confidently.  She finished folding her red blouse and gazed at me with a strange look on her face.
“I’m going to finish packing.  ’Cause I’m catchin’ a flight to Europe,” my mother chortled.  “Right after I sell Shiloh Ridge!”
Damn!  It didn’t work!  I tried for several more minutes.  Each failed attempt stirred up more feelings of disgust and panic-fueled anger.  After a good fifteen minutes of solid trying, my patience had worn out.  I was on the verge of losing my temper and could feel my blood boiling with nervous rage.
“I hope we don’t keep you up tonight, what with all of our packing.  I know you probably have loads of homework to do.  Oh, wait — that’s right.  You skipped school today.  Mrs. Tuttle called to check on you and told me that you weren’t there.  She was going to write it off as an excused absence, but I insisted to her that you were such a stickler for rules.  I reasoned to her that if Chloe was able to attend, your absence should be marked as unexcused.  No exceptions.  You’ll have to report to morning detention when you go back.”
Bitch!  The next thing I knew, I’d taken my fist and punched a hole in her bedroom wall.  To my shock, it drove straight through the sheetrock and pushed through the vinyl siding.  I felt the cool fall air blowing on my knuckles.  Mouth gaping and wide-eyed, I shamefully retracted my hand, which was visibly unscathed.  Crap…
Charlotte had a peculiar look on her face.  She was startled, but she also appeared scared.  I ran out of her bedroom and headed straight for my room.  I heard her scream, “And you’ll have to pay a security deposit to cover any DAMAGES!”
I slammed the door shut and began pacing wildly around my bedroom.  What am I going to do?  The compulsion trick didn’t even faze her.  I remembered what Tanner had said about it being difficult to compel people who you have a strong emotional connection with.  I guess even hatred counts as some kind of twisted bond.  Ugghhh… How can I stop her when she’s hell-bent on selling it?  The fact that I was so upset was just gravy for her.  I had no idea what to do.  I couldn’t call Tanner.  I really didn’t know how to reach him.  I know.  I’ll call Bea!
I grabbed my cell and dialed Beatrix.  Damn!  I was prompted to a message informing me that her line had been disconnected.  Probably because of her upcoming move, I surmised.  Disappointed, I resigned myself to the fact that I would have to wait until morning to tell someone.  This was surely going to be a long and restless night.
I ran to my closet and pulled out my new “security blanket”.  I cuddled with Daddy’s shirt as I lay on my bed, tapping the cell on my chin.  My mind was racing, but not one good idea had surfaced.  I just hoped Tanner or Beatrix could come up with one.
Needing to calm down, I pulled the tumbled amethyst out of my pocket and held it tightly.  Instantly, all of my panic and anxiety vanished.  I knew trouble was still looming, but my mind, body, and soul had been set adrift on a sea of worry-free bliss.
I glanced at the display on my phone.  It read:

Missed Texts: 18

Eleven were from Katie, three from Samuel, a couple from two of my classmates, one from Mrs. Tuttle, and one from Ty.  His message was simple and direct.  “I’m still waiting.  I’ll be waiting.”  I stared at the words on the screen for a solid minute.
Why can’t I find the courage to call him?  Especially with everything I’ve been through over the past several days.  From uncovering crazy supernatural beings, to stabbing a twelve-foot rattler with my shoe, I still found myself a coward when it came to Tyler Smith.  It really shouldn’t be such a surprise to me.  I’d had a crush on him for years without saying or doing anything about it.  What’s a couple more days?
My phone began to hum a little tune.  Katie.  I didn’t feel like answering it.  I knew she would bring up Daddy and want me to “talk it out” with her.  That was the last thing I needed or wanted right now.  The promise I’d made to Samuel earlier was going to be harder to keep than what I’d realized.
After I’d peeled myself out of my clothes, I took a quick shower, threw on my pajamas, dove into my bed, and yanked the covers over my head.  Though I was still securely on my blissful high, thoughts of what would come from Lazarus purchasing Shiloh Ridge ran circles through my mind.
Good thing I can’t feel the worry from them.
I cuddled up with my new purple bauble in one hand and Daddy’s shirt in the other.  I’ll call Katie tomorrow.  I had way too much to filter out tonight.  After all, I didn’t need any additional chatter about Daddy upsetting me and causing the batteries to run down on my powerful little purple stone.
That would be MY luck…


Chapter  17  —  What Will Be, Will Be

I was up and out of the house by a quarter to six.  The sun was barely beginning to rise as I weaved through the woods.  This morning, I arrived at the cave’s entrance in record time, and like a seasoned pro, waved my hand to unearth its secret portal.  As I bolted down the rugged stone staircase, I called out, “Tanner!  We have a problem!”
To my surprise, Tanner wasn’t there.  Instead, waiting patiently was Beatrix Sutherland, dressed in a brown velour tracksuit, lying on the ground and stretching the muscles in her legs.
Clearly alarmed, Beatrix sprang up.  “Where’s the fire?”
“I thought Tanner would be here,” I replied, a bit winded and wound up, “but anyway, there’s a problem.  A HUGE ONE!  Daddy owned Shiloh Ridge, and now that he’s passed, Mom has the deed, and she’s selling it to Lazarus Xcavare THIS AFTERNOON!  I tried calling you last night to tell you, but your line has been disconnected.  Bea, I don’t know what to do!”
Beatrix’s tense stance started to relax.  She immediately went back to her stretches.  “Is that all?” she asked casually.
I was dumbfounded by her nonchalant response to such a serious dilemma.
“What do you mean ‘is that all’?” I countered, only to watch Beatrix shrug her shoulders.  “She’s also kicking me out if I don’t pay her rent, but I couldn’t care less about that!  Bea, Lazarus will find out the wand’s powers are missing.  He’ll realize someone’s already claimed it — Someone like ME!”  Still, Beatrix looked unfazed by my predicament.  I continued ranting, “I thought I was supposed to ‘keep my identity a secret from him’ — for as long as possible?  You said ‘he would try to kill me’ if he found out I’ve claimed the wand’s power.  Don’t you care?”
“It’s not that I don’t care, Shiloh.  It’s just that I’m not worried.  You shouldn’t be either.”  Beatrix simply smiled and again, carried on with her yoga.  I was starting to lose my patience with the “compassionate” elderly lady I’d known for years.
“Bea, I even tried to make her not do it.  You know, by ‘compelling her not to’, and it didn’t work.  I about busted a gut trying and nothing.”
“That usually happens when you’re connected to the person, dear,” Beatrix acknowledged with a slight frown.  “It takes awhile to master filtering out the guilt you feel when compelling someone you share a lot of memories with.  Whether they are good ones…or bad,” she added and then lowered herself into a downward dog pose.
“Maybe you need to open up all of your eyes to see how sticky this situation truly is,” I scoffed.
She did just that.  Straightway, Beatrix revealed her third-eye as she rose back up and then walked over beside me.
“Don’t worry about it,” she said soothingly.  “Trust me on this.  Your mother will not sell Shiloh Ridge to Lazarus.  I promise.”  Beatrix hugged me in an attempt to seal the oath she’d just pledged.
I tried to allow her words to put me at ease, but it seemed impossible, what with the thoughts of Lazarus trying to ring my neck with his lethal blue hands running through my head.  I walked over to the rock formation and climbed up to where the dormant wand lay.  I roused it from its placid state by running my fingers along its shaft.
“Can’t we just move it?  Hide it somewhere else?” I asked as I found myself hypnotized by the magnificent swirling energy that followed my slightest touch.
Beatrix clapped her hands.  “That sounds like a fantastic idea!  Why don’t you try that?”
Carefully, I placed both my hands on the diamond wand and attempted to pull it from its rocky coal base with all of my strength.  It wouldn’t budge, no matter how many times or how hard I tried.
“I can’t!”
“Tsk, tsk, tsk… Pity,” Beatrix remarked as she twisted up the rocks.  “So much for that plan.  Do you have any others?”
I whipped around and shot her my steeliest “are-you-crazy” look.  She’s got to be kiddin’?
“I’m new to all this, Bea.  You should be the one shoutin’ out the ideas.”  I turned to stare at the mysterious wand again.  It had me totally flummoxed.  The process of claiming its powers was easy — somewhat painful, but easy.  If I could possess its powers in such a simple way, then why can’t I yank it out with the same amount of effort?  Frustrated, I clinched my fists as I looked up to the cosmos.
“Why won’t this thing budge?” I demanded.
Beatrix placed her hand on my shoulder, tenderly.
“Because ‘this thing’ knows you’re not ready, Shiloh.  It won’t release itself until you are.  Your powers are growing stronger everyday.  You’re just not there yet.  Your body has to be strong enough, your mind clear enough, and your soul has to be willing for the wand to be lifted from the sanctuary of its rocky bastion.  I promise you, these rocks that cradle this wand and keep it shackled will break — when you’re ready.  That’s part of Tanner’s and my job…to help get you ready.  So let’s not waste a minute.  Okay, dear?”
I nodded my head as I looked at her through the eyes of a naïve child.  I had no idea the wand was hesitant about trusting me.  I’d only been concerned with me trying to trust it and dealing with all the responsibilities that came with the Wand of Adamas.  Hopefully, this won’t be a test I’ll fail… That is, if my heart truly doesn’t want me to.  After all, this thing was partly responsible for my father’s death.
As we maneuvered down the rock formation, I found myself amused by the word, “JUICY” stamped across the tush of her tracksuit.  Cute, I giggled to myself.  Beatrix caught me admiring her ensemble.
“Do you like my outfit?” she inquired.
“Oh, yes.  It looks very comfortable,” I insisted, slightly embarrassed.
“Good.  I’m glad you think so, because I’ve got one for you too…right over there,” Beatrix revealed and pointed her finger to a folded up red velour tracksuit lying beside her yoga mat.  “Well, hurry up and get changed.  We don’t have time to waste.”
I’ll just go with it, I thought as I scooped up the equally flashy outfit and hurried behind a large boulder to change.  I really didn’t see what was wrong with the Golden Knights sweatshirt and jeans I had on.  I didn’t have a clue as to what we were going to be doing down here today that dictated a wardrobe change was necessary.  I’m just glad it’s not a bathing suit.  It’s not that I hated the water, but I’d had enough of it over the past few days, what with the rainstorm (that I’d caused), Tanner’s flash flood, and being knocked into the waterfall yesterday afternoon.  I prefer to bathe on my own time.
“There is one thing that would release the wand sooner,” Beatrix announced.  “In fact, if we had it right now, we could pull the wand free and call it a day.  I could even take you bird-watching.  Wouldn’t that be more fun than training?”
“Don’t you mean bird-listening?” I teased as I emerged from my dressing area.
“Now you didn’t really believe that crap, did you?” Beatrix posed and gave my butt a light smack.
I smiled and shook my head.
“That looks good on you, Shiloh,” Beatrix raved and gave the eye that rested in the center of her forehead a quick wink.  “You should wear more red.”
I watched as she closed her eyes and made her third-eye suddenly disappear.  She informed me that it was always there, she just kept it concealed with an around-the-clock invisibility spell.  Convenient.
My curiosity was roused by something she had said.  “Bea, what exactly is the ‘one thing’ that would allow me remove the wand…without technically being ready.”
“Why the thing that Adamas hid many years ago of course, besides the wand.  He did so right after he surrendered his powers.  He knew if anyone ever found it, they could use it to lay claim to the diamond instantly.  Adamas couldn’t just hide them both down here together.  That would’ve made it too easy for some rogue Talisman who might stumble upon it to claim its powers before you, its rightful owner could find it.”
“Okay, but what is it?  Another stone?”
“No, dear.  Its hilt,” she replied matter-of-factly.
“Its what?” I asked cluelessly.
“Its hilt, you know…its handle.  I mean the wand is a sword for goodness’ sake.  It has to have a proper handle.”
Stunned by her confession, I pointed over to the wand.  “That’s a SWORD?  You mean, like a weapon?” I blurted.
“What other kind is there, dear?  And it’s not just a sword, or just a weapon.  It’s the most powerful sword and weapon of its kind.”
Dazed, I returned to the rock formation and climbed back up to gaze at the wand.  Awkwardly, I stood over it, inhibited by the revelation that what I thought was just a freak-of-nature, magical diamond with the ability to grant powers was actually much more than that.  It was a weapon — a weapon that’s soul purpose was to take an enemy down with one fatal blow.
“What am I supposed to do with it?” I asked in a low mumble.  Beatrix climbed up the rocks.  Standing beside me, she gently brushed some lingering strands of hair away from my forehead and lifted my chin.
“Kill your enemies, dear,” Beatrix revealed as she looked profoundly into my eyes.
The words that rolled off her tongue were delivered just as honeyed as if she’d asked, “Would you like another cup of cider”.  “Kill your enemies, dear”, echoed in my mind while my heart skipped several beats.  Everything Tanner and Bea had revealed to me culminated at that moment standing over the Wand of Adamas — my weapon.  I’d known the dangers and now, the reality of the price I must pay for this gift was presented to me.  Soon, I would be a killer.  That prompted me to truly look into my heart and ask myself if even vengeance could actually allow my soul to take another person’s life.  Sure, my mind had been churning with thoughts of killing Lazarus over the past few days.  I had justified it as fitting revenge.  But was that reason enough?  This was a life, even if he was an evil bastard.  The diamond gave me the awesome power of healing people and restoring life.  It seemed a bit of a contradiction for me to be quick to take someone’s — not without a really good reason.  Tanner had even warned me about the toll vengeance can take on one’s soul.  When it came down to it, could I actually “do it”?  Undoubtedly, I had a lot of painstaking soul-searching to do.
Beatrix sensed my apprehension.  She gave me a consoling hug and then guided my frame down from the rock formation.
“Shiloh,” she began, “I know what you’re thinking.  We’ve all been there and had those same thoughts.  Taking another’s life is an enormous burden to bear, even when you have to because it means saving your own.  I have faith in you.  You’ll work it out.  We’re here to help you, dear.  You’re strong enough.  I know you are, with every fiber of my being.  After all, it’s in your blood.”
At least someone has faith in me, I thought as I found myself trying to clear my guilty conscience of things I hadn’t done — yet.
“Oh, and Shiloh…the most important thing to know about a sword is never, ever draw it unless you’re prepared to use it.  Always keep that in mind.”  With that said, Beatrix led me over to another rock formation in the center of the cave.  “Climb up there, dear.  We’re going to work on your balance and reflexes for a while.  That’s important when learning the art of swordplay.”
I climbed up a mound of wobbly rocks, roughly stacked about seven feet off the ground.  Once up there, a line dug in the earthy floor hailed my attention.  It completely circled the perimeter of the rocky pillar.
“Let’s see how hard it is to knock you off your pedestal, so to speak,” Beatrix announced as she placed her hands together in a very ceremonial way.  “But, I think you need more of a challenge.  Something that will spark your attention.  Keep you on your toes.”  She snapped her fingers.  “I know just the thing.  How ‘bout a little fire.”
My gaze returned to the curious etched circle.  A speculation began to form as I reflected on yesterday’s exercise with Tanner, when he’d revealed his stone reigned as a water element.  I was left with the clear impression that Beatrix Sutherland’s golden topaz was unmistakably a “fire” stone.
Alert and ready, I steadied myself on the unstable mound of rocks while I watched Beatrix wave her hands around in a circle dramatically, like she was about to perform a great mystical feat.  When her arms came to a stop, her third eye popped open abruptly.  I still found it quite shocking, but I jumped a little less each time.  Beatrix cupped her hands and started to reveal something hidden in them.
I told myself, Get ready…
Beatrix looked directly at me with her most intimating of stares, opened her hands, and flicked…a little gold lighter.
I thought, A lighter?  What the heck?  Astounded by the misconceived notion I’d concocted, I watched as she lowered herself to the ground and ignited the circle with the lighter’s help.
With a freakin’ lighter, I kept thinking.  The modest flickering trail inched around the base of the rocky pedestal, struggling to complete every turn.  You’ve got to be kidding.  I’d seen birthday candles that kicked up more flames than what she had.  Well, that’s impressive, I mocked silently.  Oh, yeah.  This is really going to be challenging…
“I take it your golden topaz isn’t even remotely associated with fire, is it?”
“No, dear.  It’s not.”  Beatrix noticed the grin on my face and let out a boisterous laugh, acknowledging what I must have been thinking.  “That’s funny, Shiloh.  No, no.  Mine’s different, dear.”  Her brow rose.  “I reign over the air,” she boasted with a crafty grin.
With that said, Beatrix took her hands and waved them violently at the circle’s feeble flames.  Nervously, I watched the fire’s intensity grow from that of candlelight’s flicker into the towering blaze of an inferno.  The fiery wall broke into sections and was now reaching for me like groping hands, trying to ensnare me with its wind-fueled scorching flames. I shifted around on my wobbly makeshift pedestal, determined to keep my balance and desperate to avoid the wicked sear of their grasp.
After a few minutes of dodging the fierce flares shooting out from the ring of fire surrounding me, I found myself still safe, secure, and steady on the rocky pillar.  This isn’t so bad.  I haven’t fallen off yet.  My reflexes had always been well above average, and now knowing I supposedly had these talents buried in me all this time, I finally understood why.
“You’re doing very well, dear.  Very well, indeed,” Beatrix praised.  “But let’s kick it up a notch.”
If she kicked it up anymore, I won’t be in a circle of fire — I’ll be in a daggone ball of it!  The flames were already fanning over my head at times.  I just hope diamond-hard skin is also fire-retardant!
While I struggled to keep my balance, I kept one eye on the flames and other on Beatrix.  She began to pace back and forth in a commanding fashion with her stare fixed on me, and my rocky pedestal.  All of a sudden, Beatrix pushed her arms out towards the rocky base, directing them right below me.  I felt a rapid thrust of air channeling under my feet.  Instantly, one of the rocks I was standing on blew right out from under me.  I was thrown for a loop.  My leg raised while the other one tried to maintain its footing.  I wasn’t expecting THAT!  No sooner than I’d steadied myself, Beatrix hurled another vicious gust that ended up knocking off two more rocks.  Yet again I found myself frenzied, trying to maintain my balance while dodging the fierce flames — both at the same daggone time.  She had me shifting my weight back and forth so much I felt like a buoy in the middle of a stormy sea.
After a couple of minutes of blasting away rocks, Beatrix called out, “How’s it coming?  Are you close to falling off, dear?”
I looked at her, somewhat shaken and agitated.  “Not YET,” I called back in a candy-coated, though flustered tone.  There was no way I was going to let her beat me at this one, not after all the little games she’d played the other day.  My competitive-side wouldn’t allow it.
“Have it your way,” Beatrix sang and then like a shot, directed one massive gale towards the remaining stones on the mound.  All the rocks exploded out of the pile.  I even got caught up in the strong current and went sailing backward, headed straight for the flames.
I braced myself for a quick tuck & roll as I landed in the fiery circle.  As soon as I saw the flames engulfing me, I realized my skin was not on fire — THANKFULLY— and it wasn’t painful either, just tremendously warm.  I felt somewhat moist too and noticed I appeared to be sweating, profusely.
Well, I’m not on fire or even soaking wet (which was a relief).  I rose from the flames, and with a confident stride, I strutted over to where Beatrix was standing at the base of the wand’s rock formation.  As I approached, she made an insinuating gesture by clearing her throat and pointed to my clothes.  I looked down at myself.  Crap!  I may not be burned, but I’m as sure as shit covered in a horrible film of soot!
“If you hadn’t changed into that tracksuit, which has been dyed with rubies, you wouldn’t have on any clothes at all I’m afraid,” she revealed with a smile.  “Just keep that in mind.  Rubies emit their own special fire.  They never absorb another’s.”
Wide-eyed, I mused to myself, That would definitely be a problem.
“Allow me, dear,” Beatrix insisted.
My eyes narrowed as she pushed me backward.  Beatrix puckered her lips together, and then with the force of a hurricane, she blew a ferocious gust my way.  The blast rattled my body and caused my clothes (and ponytail) to whip violently.  When she stopped, I checked my clothes and skin.  Not a trace of soot, I noted.
“Thank you, Bea.”
“You’re welcome, dear.  It was the least I could do.”  She licked her finger and used it to wipe one remaining smudge from my cheek.  She stepped back and smiled.  “There you go.  Perfect.  That’s the unfortunate thing about fire.  Even though you’re resistant to its destructive effects, it leaves a hideous film of soot.  Plus, it makes you…very sweaty,” Beatrix grimaced.
I nodded in agreement and then climbed up the rock formation, following her lead.  I pointed over to the bonfire still burning wildly in the center of the cave.
“How do we put out the fire?”
“Do you have an extinguisher?” Beatrix asked playfully.
“No.  Not on me,” I acknowledged as I checked my pockets and smiled.
“The old fashioned way it is then.”  The Golden Topaz Talisman waved her arms once more to conjure a stream of air that lifted a hefty patch of dirt off the ground.  The sandstorm-like cloud covered the fiery ring and doused the flames in an instant.  Beatrix clapped her hands like she was knocking dirt from them and announced, “That’s done.  Now we can work on your form and some basic movements.  Oh, and we mustn’t forget the rules of swordplay.  Those are extremely important.”
Beatrix was now standing across from me, on the other side of the wand.
“Um, if I can’t pry the wand loose, then what are we going to practice with?”
In one sweeping motion, Beatrix pulled out two long wooden swords from behind her back.  I jumped as she flourished them in the air.
“Play swords, of course,” Beatrix announced proudly and then handed one to me.  “They’re excellent for sparring.”
Still somewhat leery, I took it and mustered a slight grin. “Thanks,” I replied, trying to sound as gung-ho as I could.
As she motioned me back to the center of the cave, I thought nervously, So we’re REALLY doing this…  The idea of fending someone off with magic seemed less “physically” invasive for some reason.  Though when it was all said and done, I realized it was the same as using a “really big stick”.  Both were a means to an end.  How hard could it be?
I stood as she requested, in the center of the cave with my wooden sword in hand.  Beatrix circled me for a solid minute, sporting a strut so calculated and fierce it would’ve put a four-star general to shame.  Finally, the Golden Topaz Talisman broke the tense silence wafting in the air with a purposeful clearing of her throat.
“A swordfight is like a dance between two people…like a tango.  Its essence is aggressive and enticing.  But unlike a tango, the only passion that’s spawn is from the victor’s desire to live.”
My eyes inadvertently drifted while my mind conjured a particularly humorous vision.  I wonder if Ty ever had a lesson like this?  I couldn’t get the picture of Ty and Beatrix dancing a sultry tango out of my head.
My distraction didn’t go unnoticed — nor unpunished — when Beatrix swiftly smacked my butt with the wooden sword she was holding in her hand.
She continued, “It’s simple, if well-executed, but difficult to master if your confidence is hindered, or you’re…” she cleared her throat again and added, “NOT PAYING ATTENTION to your challenger.”
I straightened my stance as a show of apology.
“And like a tango, there’s always a predator who takes the lead and prevails over their partner in the exchange.  All tactical movements, whether directed at you or from you, must be fielded from your body.  The desire to dominate your opponent will manifest from the cunning recesses of your mind.  But most important, the passion to kill your enemy must burn from the depths of your soul.”
Though her imperative pleas echoed in the hollowed out cave around us, their heaviness churned in my mind as well.  That in turn, kicked up a whole lot of nervousness throughout my entire body — and her vehement “pacing back & forth routine” sure didn’t help.  I honestly didn’t know which was worse — knowing I was to willingly play the role of “killer” or the disturbing realization that I would be someone’s intended “killee”.
Beatrix continued, “You must listen to your instincts and let your mind guide your body’s movements.  Measure them twice and strike once.  Keep yourself engaged with your opponent, just like you would in the dance.  With a sword’s length between you and your foe, your upper body must both fend off and strike out at them, while your feet strive to keep you steady and nibble, allowing you to anticipate their next move.”
The Golden Topaz Talisman stopped in front of me.  I’d never seen a more dire look shadowing someone’s face.  “And above all,” Beatrix stressed as she took a forceful step forward, “You must flush out their weakness during the entirety of your battle and trounce them with it swiftly…”  With a knowing arch of her brow she leaned closer and warned, “before they lock on to yours…”  Beatrix lifted my chin and honed her gaze.  “Understood?”
I nodded to let her know I’d heard every word she’d said — every grueling, alarming, and gut-twisting word.
Beatrix smiled and then gave my cheek a consoling stroke, obviously sensing my tension.  “Don’t look so fretful, dear.  It’s like you said… ‘It’s just a sword’.”
My mouth twitched into an uneasy smile.  The only stern directives I’d ever been given about sharp lethal objects were “don’t run with scissors” and “don’t play around with knives”.  “Just” a sword, I mulled quietly.  Yeah right…
The Golden Topaz Talisman took a deep breath and exhaled.  “All right then, let’s get started.”  Beatrix stood behind me and held on to my shoulders.  “You need to relax, dear.  You’re as stiff as a board,” she insisted and then kicked my feet apart.
Seriously?  Who wouldn’t be?
“Now, first things, first.  Once you have made the decision to use it, you must draw your sword as quickly as possible,” she instructed.  “So go on… Whip it out there.”
Still slightly hesitant, I gave the wood-fashioned sword a quick twirl at my side to ease some of my nervousness and started to lift it towards my chest.
Beatrix grabbed hold of the sword before I could raise it fully.  “Please… Don’t ever do that — EVER.”
Stunned by the sternness of her candor, I straightened myself up (again) to a more focused and serious stance.  My bad…
Beatrix let go of the sword, and this time, I carefully lifted it to my chest in one guided and unembellished “swish”.
Can’t get more vanilla than that, I mused, hoping I’d earned her seal of approval.
“Much better,” she grinned.  “Now, you must be aware of your surroundings at all times, and it’s crucial that you size up your opponent quickly… And never, EVER underestimate them.  I cannot stress that enough.  Arrogance can fatally blind even the most skilled warrior, and then you’ll find yourself with a one-way ticket to the slaughterhouse,” Beatrix warned and then swiped her index finger slick across her throat, driving the graveness of her point home.  “All right, once that’s done, engage them by keeping your eyes on your enemy and direct the tip of your sword towards their head or neck.  Personally, I prefer the eye,” she announced with a sassy wink.  Beatrix positioned my arms accordingly and announced, “Perfect.  Now you’re ready.  En Garde!”
Beatrix spent the rest of the morning guiding me through her instructions.  We worked on my stance, balance, reflexes, and she even gave me a pretty lengthy list of do’s and don’ts.  She told me to relax, but to be on my guard.  Conserve your energy, but you must be aggressive.  Hold your stance, but that I needed to move around more.  Stay engaged, but keep my distance.  Always expect the unexpected.  A single strike will take down a foe, but combination strikes were much more effective.   Stand your ground, but you must retreat to fight another day — if necessary.  Don’t attempt any fancy footwork, but keep your legs moving because they’re “an easy target”.  You need to have a strong offense, but a stronger defense will keep you alive.  She even swore if she ever caught me trying any “foolish nonsense” like crazy acrobatic moves or twirling my sword while I was in a fight that she would hunt me down and “run me through” herself.  I think my favorite was, “Expect to be cut, since anyone who uses a sword has most likely had it dipped in diamond-dust, which guarantees that their blade will not break.”
Yeah… That one really gave me the warm & fuzzies.
The most disheartening thing about my practice session wasn’t my skills, not in the least.  Even Beatrix was impressed with the inborn talent I possessed.  My problem was my heart.  I was still struggling with the idea of actually taking someone down.  Though Beatrix was a great cheerleader, I thought the home team needed more of a confidence booster.  Admittedly I felt like a scared little girl, even Beatrix sensed it — but I swear I would never tell Tanner Grey that!
Midday had arrived and Beatrix announced, “I think we’re at a good stopping point.  Let’s break for some lunch.”
I eagerly agreed.  I had run out of the house this morning in such a panic that I’d forgotten to eat breakfast.  Beatrix reached for something behind a large cluster of rocks.  It turned out to be a picnic basket.  After her dramatic “sword reveal” earlier, I stood there strangely breathing a sigh of relief.
Beatrix proudly toted the wicker basket over to the base of the stone stairs.  She turned to ask, “Aren’t you coming?”  I nodded and followed behind her.  “Bring the swords,” she added.  “I’m going to see how much you’ve learned after lunch.”
I gathered the two wooden swords and headed up the stairs, right on her heels.  Beatrix held on to the wall of the cave as she hobbled at a snail’s pace up the steps.  It suddenly dawned on me why she’d been chosen to train me — I was no match for Tanner Grey.  Beatrix’s obvious physical limitations would undoubtedly off-set my “unseasoned” sword-fighting skills.  I thought, as any respectful young adult would, I’ll take it easy on her.
Once outside, Beatrix waved her hand and sealed the entrance.  “Do you know how to get to the old mill in Babcock?” she inquired.
The mill she was referring to sat beside Glade Creek in Babcock, West Virginia.  It was southeast of Fayetteville, close to where Tanner and I had eaten breakfast yesterday.
“Yes.  I’ve been there before.”
“Good.  Then you won’t have any problems finding your way.  I think it’s the ideal place for a fall picnic and to work on your balance.  We’ll put some of those moves you’ve learned to use.  Practice makes perfect.”
I quietly sulked, Great… More water.
“Would you mind toting the basket, dear?”
I happily obliged her request.  There I stood, play swords in one hand and picnic basket in the other.  I was curious why she wanted to know if I knew how to get there.  Is it possible she’s faster than Tanner, or is she just being more considerate?  He was prone to, without warning, make a quick exit.
“Since I know where we’re going, this time…do you want to lead, or should I?”
“Oh, you’ll get there before me, without a doubt,” she chuckled.  “But Shiloh, dear…I don’t run.”
The Golden Topaz Talisman threw out her arms in a swift jerk and transformed into none other than my feathery little friend, the falcon.  Amazed, I watched her altered form soar higher and higher into the sky with such effortless grace.
Sneaky old bird… Once the shock had subsided, I secured my load of items and headed off through the mountains to rendezvous at the old grain mill.
Beatrix was right.  I arrived about five minutes ahead of her, but that allowed me to lay down the blanket and divvy up the food.  The scenery was spectacular.  The fall foliage was at its peak and the trees circling the old grain mill were exploding with autumn colors.  Not only did the steady rhythm of the churning water wheel sound soothing, it visually lent our venue a picturesque and peaceful air.  The birds were chirping and the sun was shining.  It was another absolutely gorgeous day.  It would have been perfect — if my father could have experienced its beauty too.
I was skipping on the scattered rocks that lay alongside the creek, working on my balance, when Beatrix finally arrived.  In one swoop, she landed and changed back into the elderly woman’s form I’d known for years.
“I’m sorry to run late, dear,” Beatrix apologized.  “I took the scenic route.”
“How did you DO THAT?” I asked, still amazed.
As we walked towards the blue & white-checked blanket, she revealed, “The topaz is an air element, dear.  I don’t necessarily have to turn into a bird to fly, but I enjoy doing so.  I’m actually controlling the air around me when I’m up there.  I make it give me a little boost.  But believe me…it’s much trickier than it looks, especially when I’m in my regular human form,” she laughed.  “Tanner’s a water element, so he can manipulate traces of water in the air and change into his misty, vapor-like form.  You really don’t need to rely on the elements when traveling.  The strength of your legs will carry you fast enough.  One day, you’ll even catch up to Tanner and beat him.  Please tell me when you do,” she said with a grin.  “Though I’d love to see that, in person.”
“But how did you change into a falcon?  That was incredible!”
“The topaz is a very unique stone that represents change.  It not only allows the stone to take on various colors, but its same energy enables me to alter my appearance as well…though I’m limited to creatures of flight.  Since I can ‘fly’ and have an affinity for fowls, I choose to be a falcon.   They’re incredibly agile creatures and excellent hunters.”  Bea laughed and pointed, “Plus, I don’t have to worry about any other bird attacking me when I’m up there.” 
“Can I change my form with the golden topaz?”
“No, I’m sorry to say,” Beatrix announced regretfully.  “The same type of defensive power that won’t allow the diamond to pass on your body’s invincibility, also prevents my topaz from sharing its shape-shifting power with any other Talisman.  It’s a precautionary measure, but a necessary one I’m afraid.”
As we sat down for lunch, the Golden Topaz Talisman boldly added, “Adamas could…but that power he drew from another stone.”  She could tell by my expression that I was more than intrigued.  Beatrix went on to explain, “Shiloh, the diamond is the only stone that reigns as a storm element.  That is what allows you to draw some of the powers from the four earthly elements of air, water, fire, and earth.  It’s why Adamas could claim more than one origin stone.  No other Talisman can.  Adamas was the first, and only one to ever do so.  Granted, the diamond wand was officially his first ‘birth-stone’…he actually had four other stones that sought him out.  Each one represented its own distinct element.  That my dear, is another reason why your diamond wand is such a popular ‘prize’ to be acquired.”
Beatrix began pouring our drinks and continued, “You see, Shiloh, an origin stone, or birth-stone, which is its more ceremonious name, is the stone that the cosmos bestows upon you when you’re born.  It calls out to you, whispers in your ear at night, and warms your soul.  Just like my golden topaz called out to me when I discovered that I was a Talisman.  The diamond wand has been calling out to you for years.  You just weren’t ready to hear it.  Your birth-stone will only reveal itself when you’re ready.  It’s the one stone that allows its powers to flow through your body at all times.  It’s also the only stone that can be born from your flesh.  It knows your thoughts, feelings, and desires.  It even harbors your memories.  It knows you inside and out.  Like I told you before, that’s why the diamond hasn’t released itself to you… It knows, dear.”
“I’m getting a little worried that I may never be ready.  This is all so much in such a short amount of time.  Don’t get me wrong.  It’s the most exciting thing that’s ever happened to me, but it bears a lot of responsibilities and burdens.  Ones I’d never dreamed of in a million years.  I’m not one-hundred-percent sure right now, if I can actually do this — Be a Talisman?”
“I have faith in you, dear,” Beatrix proclaimed as she patted my hand.  “The wand does, too.  Personally, I think it’s just giving you some space.  They tend to have minds of their own sometimes, just like we do.”
“How can you or the wand be so sure when I’m not?” I asked skeptically.
“Because, Shiloh…it is your destiny.”
My Talisman lessons didn’t stop just because we were about to eat lunch.  Beatrix informed me that Lazarus’ stone, the lapis lazuli, reigned as an air element — the same as her topaz.  However, since he wasn’t the first to claim it, his powers were quite inferior to hers.  Beatrix knew the original owner of the lapis lazuli.  She was quick to let me know that he was nothing like Lazarus.  His name was Gahiji.  I thought it sounded rather exotic and by the way her face lit up when she spoke his name, I could tell they were more than just “acquaintances”.
Beatrix revealed there were only two ways to claim another living Talisman’s stone.  One way was if they willingly surrendered it to another Talisman, which she assured me “rarely ever happens”.  Since Adamas surrendered his powers back to the diamond wand itself, that act allowed me to bear the full fruits of the wand’s powers, so I could rightfully claim it as my “origin” stone.
The other way was by dying at the hands of another Talisman.  This, she avowed, was the more commonly practiced tactic.  Even if they successfully claimed another Talisman’s stone by killing them, they still couldn’t consider it a “true” origin stone, because it was not bestowed by the cosmos as their birthright.  It was obtained by force, hence, it would only exude half of the stone’s intended power and could not be born from their flesh.  Beatrix did mention that if I were ever to claim another Talisman’s stone by killing them, where my diamond’s power magnifies all other stones, I would be able to summon the stone’s full power.  However, the acquired stone could not be born from my flesh either, because the diamond’s powers would never allow it.
The only way for a stone to be officially reclaimed as an origin stone was if a Talisman died naturally, by chance of fate, or was killed by anyone other than a Talisman.  The Talisman’s origin stone would lay in wait for the cosmos to produce its next heir.  Apparently, that’s how Gahiji died, so his stone went unclaimed for centuries, allowing it to be rightfully claimed as an origin stone by the next Talisman born unto to the earth.  And that birth-stone right was unfortunately bestowed to Lazarus Xcavare when he came along.
Beatrix confirmed that Lazarus was the one responsible for the freak blizzard on the night of Daddy’s death.  Where his lapis lazuli possessed a great deal of psychic abilities (similar in nature to mine, but not in strength) his emotions could generate snowfalls.  She revealed that Lazarus’ blue powder, which he had inflicted my father with, was a poison he could conjure at will.  She said its effects were horribly dreadful and fatally potent.  She also took great delight in divulging that even though he could manipulate the air around him to some degree, he couldn’t use it to fly.  That ability was granted to only a select few air elemental stones, ones of more formidable power, which his was not.
She continued, “But your diamond is special, my dear.  It was specifically crafted to magnify all the other stones.  And, it is the only stone to reign as a storm element, which allows you, just like in nature, to command all the earthly elements and borrow some of their capabilities.  That’s a very powerful asset.  It’s another strength that makes you unique and so desirable to others.  Yes, in deed.  Extremely powerful and pure…but very tempting,” Beatrix announced with a raise of her brow.
When Beatrix shifted to reposition her legs, I spotted a shiny chain peeking out from the bottom hem of her pants.  It turned out to be several bands of intertwined gold that had a rather large golden topaz fashioned to it.
I pointed to the ankle bracelet.  “That’s quite beautiful.”
“That’s my original golden topaz, dear,” Beatrix beamed.  “I haven’t worn it in years.  Not since I started wearing the ring I gave you.”  I looked down at the still dormant, round golden topaz on my finger.  Beatrix nodded to my ring.  “I made that just after you were born.  I’ve been waiting all this time to give it to you.  I had to hide it the other day when Lazarus showed up.  Stones have memories, Shiloh, as well as minds of their own.  Always keep that in mind, dear.  Even though my tiger’s-eye helps conceal my identity from Lazarus’ mind, if his lapis lazuli were to have by chance, picked up on my golden topaz…” Beatrix paused, appearing a little red-faced.  She smiled and added, “Well, it might have revealed some, let’s say…emotional memories of Gahiji’s to Lazarus, and my cover would have been blown.”
I observed a sense of longing in her eyes as she gazed at the golden topaz on her ankle.  It was now more than evident that she and this Gahiji shared something special.
Beatrix composed herself quickly.  “Just remember, you can’t always control the memories of a stone.  Sometimes they can just pop-up.  But they’re not always bad ones.  Most of them are quite helpful, and you can learn from them,” she added with a smile, trying not to sound so forbidding.  With that warning lingering in my head, I attempted to finish my lunch.
Our picnic ended in about an hour.  The meal was excellent, a real gourmet spread — roast beef sandwiches on buttery croissants, assorted cheeses, and plenty of fresh fruit.  I made the mistake of reaching for a bag of sunflower seeds in the picnic basket, only to have my hand smacked away.  She politely informed me that those were “for the birds”.  I should have figured as much.
“By the way, Bea…do you have a cell?” I asked.
“Why’s that, dear?” Beatrix asked somewhat puzzled.
A bit startled by her answer to an obvious reason why I would ask, I announced, “So I can call you?”
“You can do that now, with the golden topaz.  Even though it still needs to be charged, you can still use it to talk to me,” Beatrix revealed and then tossed the scraps from my plate over to some nearby squirrels.
My brow furrowed.  “How’s that?”
“Didn’t Tanner already tell you about this?”
“He doesn’t tell me a lot of things,” I replied flatly.
“That doesn’t surprise me.  That’s Tanner.  Oh, well.  I’ll tell you.  It’s simple.  All you need is a stone from the Talisman you want to reach.  As long as it’s connected to your flesh, you can send them anything you’d like.  Speak to them… Relay images… Even your emotions…  They receive the message immediately.  If they have one of your diamonds, then they can talk back to you…if they choose.  Tanner has a really bad habit of screening his messages.  It takes him awhile,” Beatrix huffed with a heated roll of her eyes.  “It’s a very convenient way to communicate.  And the best thing about it is no dropped calls,” she added with a wink.
As I lowered my head to hide my grin, a thought crossed my mind.  “So, if you want to talk to me…I need to give you a diamond.  Is that right?”
“That’s correct, dear,” Beatrix confirmed nonchalantly.
I found her candor a bit strange.  Tanner flat out told me that I was giving him one of my diamonds, but Beatrix seemed very blasé about it.
“Bea, um…would you like one of my diamonds?” I probed delicately.
Beatrix casually placed the remaining containers in the picnic basket, but by the time she had finished, her eyes were as dewy as a field of grass on an early spring morn.  She reached over and patted my cheek.  “I’d like that very much, dear.  More than you’ll ever know.”
The corners of my mouth lifted into a tender smile.  Why didn’t she just say so?
I repeated the magical process in the same manner I’d carved out the first diamond.   For some reason I thought it wouldn’t hurt as bad this time around — but I was wrong — WAY WRONG!  It hurt far, far worse!
Beatrix isn’t the only one tearing up, I noted as I severed the rough diamond from my skin and yanked it out of my arm.  Once I’d used one of my pant legs to clean the blood off the stone (if it stained, I figured it wouldn’t be that noticeable since it was “red”), I closed my eyes and gave the diamond a firm squeeze.  As soon as I felt the warm glow radiating from the stone, I infused it with all the same abilities I’d given Tanner’s — both the capability to boost another’s powers and all of my psychic skills.  When the process was complete, I laid the charged diamond in her hand.
“What are your plans for this one?  Another ring to put on your bare finger?”
Beatrix shook her head.  She lifted up the bottom of her jacket to reveal a small piercing in her navel, already fitted with a funky charm that held a tiny diamond.
“I’ll remove the one Adamas gave me years ago and replace it with yours.  It’s fitting… I think.  Since you’re the wand’s owner now.  But I’ll keep his in a special place.  Thank you, Shiloh.”
Her sentiment overwhelmed me.  I found myself clutching her tightly, but it wasn’t a typical hug.  It was special — one usually reserved for mothers.
“You’re welcome, Bea,” I said lovingly.
Funny… I never would have figured her for a “belly-ring”.
After a good minute, Beatrix blotted her misty eyes and announced, “That’s enough of that.  We still have more practicing ahead of us this afternoon, and I don’t want you thinking my tears will in any way sway me during our duel later…so let’s go.”
We collected the wooden swords and got right to it.  For the next several hours, Beatrix had me show her (on my own) the skills and techniques she’d taught me down in the cave.  To her delight (and my surprise), I recalled and executed all of her teachings flawlessly.
“Excellent, dear!  You did marvelous today.  Better than I could have ever expected.”
Pleased by her praises, I tossed my sword onto the ground and plopped down on a low-lying rock.  Though I had supernatural strength and endurance, I thought a quick break was in order.
“Shiloh?  What are you doing?” Beatrix questioned.
Awkwardly, I hinted wide-eyed, “Taking a little break.?.”
Beatrix threw me one of her disapproving looks.  “Evil never rests, dear.  Anyway, it’s time for our little duel.  If you think you’re up to it?” she taunted.
She hit the right button, I thought as I grabbed the sword and rose to my feet.
We strolled over to the center of a grassy field near the old mill.  With only a sword’s length between us, our duel commenced no sooner than I’d gotten my weapon drawn.  She almost managed to knock it out of my hands, successfully.  I’d kind of expected a quick, “ready-set-go”, at the very least.
Yep… Sneaky old bird.
Beatrix struck her blows zealously as she moved around quick and guided — just like the wind.  Every time I thought I had an advantage, it fell by the wayside.  It wasn’t long into our swordfight that I realized how STUPID I was for assuming she would be easier to take than Tanner Grey.
I guess that laugh’s on me.
There wasn’t one inch of the clearing we didn’t touch.  We must have run across it, back and forth, a hundred times.  Still confident, I carried on throughout the match, performing every move like a veteran swordsman.
To Beatrix’s dismay, I managed to catch a lucky break.  She stumbled slightly while she was trying to maneuver backward up a large cluster of rocks by the edge of the water.  When Beatrix leaned down to adjust her footing, I went in for one swift and hopefully, final strike.  Sadly, I missed.  I should have learned by now that Beatrix Sutherland plays a little dirty.   She had anticipated my move, so to counter it, she swiftly hurled herself backward and propelled her body through the air, where she landed on the bridge that connected to the old grain mill.
“HEY!” I yelled crossly.  “I thought you weren’t supposed to do any ‘crazy, acrobatic moves’ when you’re sword fighting?”
“That only applies to you, dear,” Beatrix replied as she stood on the bridge, whisking her hair.
Feeling artfully deceived, I looked down at the water that separated us.  Beatrix, who was now waiting patiently on the bridge, stood there provoking me with a smug grin while she flourished her sword like a prissy majorette twirling a baton.
What the heck, I thought as I jumped from the boulders and landed on a small platform attached to the side of the mill.  I took a deep breath and hopped onto the water wheel, balancing myself as I climbed its paddles.  While the mist from the water rose around me, I assured myself, She’ll be the only one getting wet today.  Not me!
As soon as I’d reached the top of the wheel, I jumped down onto the bridge where Beatrix was waiting to pounce.  Our fight continued on, neither of us willing to surrender.  Just when I was about to lose hope that a clear victor would emerge, fate dealt Beatrix another unlucky blow or rather, one of the boards on the bridge did.  Her right foot cracked one of the old wooden planks and dropped the Talisman down to her knees.  I lunged towards her proudly with my play sword aimed at her throat.
“So, Bea… Do you yield?” I asked, just to gloat.
Beatrix lowered her head for a moment and then quickly raised it, revealing her third-eye (which made me jump — again).  “NO,” she declared, now looking as proud as a peacock.  With a swift wave of her hand, Beatrix summoned a blast of air that knocked my weapon right out of my grasp.  My mouth dropped open, shocked by her unexpected and brazen maneuver.  Beatrix sprang to her feet and dug the tip of her sword into my chest.  I shook my head at her.
“That’s dirty, Bea.  Really dirty.”
Beatrix cocked her head to the side.  “Using your other powers while you’re sword fighting is an advantage.  One you must employ, every chance you get.  It’s not dirty.”  She grinned slyly and announced, “Now this is dirty,” right before she puckered her lips, and with one swift gust of air, blasted me off the bridge.  Down I went, crashing into the shallow, chilly water below.
“I think we’ll stop here for today,” Beatrix announced triumphantly.
I retrieved my sword from a nearby cluster of river rocks as I rose from the water.
“Why?  Because I’m finally WET?” I griped as I wrung out my jacket.
Beatrix looked down at her watch.  “No, dear.  Because it’s almost 4 o’clock.  You getting wet was just a bonus,” she giggled.  “You’d better run home now and get ready for this evening.  Oh, and take the swords with you, so you can practice.  And the picnic basket too, if you don’t mind.  There’s a bottle of sea-salt & water in there.  You can put some on your arm and clean up that wound.  It should be healed by the time you get home.  I think I’m going to take the scenic route back.”
I trudged through the water and climbed up on the bank.  “Am I going somewhere?” I asked cluelessly.
“Oh,” Beatrix started to chuckle.  “Yes.  I meant to tell you first thing this morning, when you ran into the cave in such a huff.  I apologize.  You’re meeting Tanner this evening.  He said to be at the Heritage Inn at five-thirty, sharp.  Room 3.  And he said for me to tell you, ‘No play clothes’.”
I bent down to tie my shoelaces.  “Do you know where we’re going?” I asked.  Beatrix didn’t respond.  “Bea?” I called out as I lifted my head.  She was gone.  I looked up in the sky to see the majestic falcon flying off, soaring into the horizon.  Well, the apple doesn’t fall far from the Talisman tree.  I shook my head.  Beatrix was just as evasive as Tanner Grey.
I retrieved the bottle of sea-salt & water and gave the wound on my arm a quick squirt.  Once I’d gathered up everything, I headed home to get ready for my “mystery date”.
I just hope I still have a home to go to, and that Beatrix is right about Charlotte not selling Shiloh Ridge.  I still didn’t know how all the magic in the world could stop that from happening.
Thirty worrisome minutes later, I’d arrived at our house to find two additional cars parked outside.  I knew the black Lincoln was Ace Barlow’s, a local attorney, but I didn’t have a clue whose white Maserati was sitting beside it.  The sleek and sporty automobile had New York plates and screamed “expensive”, which wasn’t a good sign.
Surely they’re here because of the sale.  At that moment, my only wish was, Please don’t let it be Lazarus in there!
My car door was unlocked, so I threw the picnic basket, along with the wooden swords, in the backseat of my Charger.  As I headed up the porch steps, I surmised that since they were here on “official” business, they would probably be sitting in the front of the house.  Nervously, I peered through the living room window.  No sign of them.  I crept over to the other side.  Definitely in the dining room.  To my dismay, I couldn’t see exactly who was in the room.  The sheers hanging over the window were obstructing my view.  I could only make out outlines of bodies, but I knew there were four of them.
As I crept inside the house, I heard several voices coming from the dining room.  Thankfully, they hadn’t heard me.  I had to make sure Lazarus wasn’t one of them, so I hung back by the front door.  I instantly recognized three of them: Charlotte, Chloe, and Mr. Barlow’s.  Just as I started to resort to listening in on the thoughts of the stranger, he spoke.  I didn’t know who he was, but it sure wasn’t Lazarus Xcavare.  I’d know his suave, uppity accent anywhere, and that guy wasn’t him.
Anxiously, I walked to the doorway of the dining room.  Charlotte and Chloe were seated on one side, while Mr. Ace Barlow and the stranger sat on the other.  Charlotte was the first to spot me standing there.  She shot me an icy glare.
“We’re about to get started, Shiloh,” Charlotte announced, clearly perturbed by my interruption.  She cringed at the sight of my soiled clothes.  “UGH!  What have you been doing?  Go get cleaned up!  This doesn’t concern you anyway.”
Chloe was giggling under her breath.  I tried one more last-ditch attempt to compel her not to sell the land.  Over and over, I thought,

Charlotte Wallace…
You WILL NOT sell Shiloh Ridge
today or ANY OTHER DAY…

I found myself breathless as I waited for her response.
Charlotte grunted.  “What are you waiting for?” my mother snapped.
My heart sank.  Another failed attempt.  I turned and stomped up the steps.  How can this be happening?  Beatrix was so sure she wouldn’t sell it!
I could feel myself breaking out into a cold sweat as I headed into the bathroom.  Extremely fidgety, I turned on the hot water and began to undress.  Though the wound on my arm had completely healed, I couldn’t even find any relief in that — not with what was transpiring downstairs.  The mirror over the sink was starting to fog up.  I wiped away the moist haze to stare at the hysterical girl standing before me and took a deep breath.
Calm down!  You have to calm down.  It’s not like Lazarus will find out tonight.
The color began to slowly come back to my cheeks with every controlled breath I took.  As I gazed into the mirror, suddenly I noticed a flicker of sorts swirling within my eyes.  I gave them a quick rub.  Closely, I peered into the two blue pools.  A sparking white light was swirling in them that seemed to be intensifying the longer I stared.
“Awwww SHIT!” I cried out as I gripped both sides of the pedestal sink.  I wasn’t fortunate enough to have a “tiger’s-eye” to conceal this oddity like Tanner or Beatrix.
Distraught, I thought, How in the Hell am I going to explain…THIS?  What am I going to do!  I started pacing wildly around the bathroom.  Sunglasses… Sunglasses are good.  Really, REALLY dark sunglasses!
I hurried through my shower and flew into my bedroom to get ready.  My only thought was, Tanner has to know what to do.  He just has to!  As I rummaged through my closet, it dawned on me that I didn’t have a clue as to where we were going or what I should wear.  Beatrix had said “no play clothes”, so felt confident that meant something “a little nicer”.  I grabbed a pair of khaki chinos and a dressy, fitted blue shirt.  That’ll have to do.  After all, there wasn’t a place I could think of for miles around this redneck county that deemed a “dress code” as a necessity (well, other than No shirt, No shoes – No service, but that didn’t count).  Since I was going to be with Tanner (aka – Professor Prozac), I didn’t see the need in bringing the little amethyst along, so I left it under the mattress of my bed (where I’d hidden it before I left the house this morning).  However, I did check to make sure it was still under there.  Yes… Safe & sound.  I slipped on my brown leather flats, grabbed my purse, threw on my shades, and headed down the stairs.  I landed on the bottom step, just as Mr. Barlow stepped into the foyer.
“Good.  You’re finished.  Could you please come in here and join us, Shiloh,” Ace Barlow requested.
Confused, I slowly followed the salt & pepper haired, lanky attorney into the dining room.  Somehow the mood of the room had changed.  Charlotte and Chloe were sitting in their seats, staring down at the cherry dining table, apparently sulking.  Their current demeanor surely didn’t reflect the fact that they were about to become instant millionaires — quite the opposite.
I wonder what’s up?
Mr. Barlow pulled out the chair at the head of the table and motioned to me cordially.  “Please take a seat, Shiloh,” he requested.
I hesitated and thought, That’s Daddy’s spot.  I felt a small twinge of sadness as I lowered myself into the armchair.  Charlotte continued to stare blankly at the table.  She may have been ignoring my presence, but my eyes were locked on her.
Mr. Barlow began, “Shiloh, we have to take care of one minor detail…before we can sign off on the sale of the property.”
“Let’s hope it’s minor, Mr. Barlow,” the stranger interjected gruffly.
I looked curiously at the impeccably-dressed older man.  He didn’t exude Lazarus’ sophistication, but he seemed highly educated, nonetheless.  His hair was slicked back, and it had an unnatural, wet-look to it.  The frameless glasses he was wearing didn’t flatter his face one bit.  Neither did his overly-tanned leathery skin.  Even his cologne had a harsh, spicy aroma that lingered like a heavy cloud.  Clearly he’d used too much, but it was tolerable — somewhat.
Greasy and sleazy, I thought silently.
“Shiloh, this is Mr. Winston Holdbrooke.  He handles all Xcavare’s financial transactions and legal matters.”  Mr. Barlow winked at me and stressed in a juvenile tone, “He’s the one who brought the really big check.”
Perplexed by the situation, I glanced at Charlotte.  She hadn’t moved an inch and her expression still appeared freakishly blank.  Chloe’s face was more telling.  Now she looked worried.
“Mr. Barlow, I’m confused.  How does this concern me?” I asked.  All parties in the room remained silent.  I couldn’t even hear their daggone breaths.
“Well, it’s really funny you should ask that,” Ace Barlow finally replied with a forced, fake laugh.
Uncontrollably, Charlotte let out a sharp cry under her breath, like a dog would when it got its tail pinched, and swiftly put her hand up over her mouth.
Mr. Barlow continued, “It seems Caiden left all the acreage on Shiloh Ridge to…you, Shiloh.”
Flabbergasted, I shot straight up in my seat.  “WHAT?”
Mr. Barlow flashed an uneasy smile.  “Your father left the land to you.  I didn’t think it would be an issue when I discovered it this morning as I was reviewing his will.  Usually the surviving spouse has the authority whenever a child is involved, and I knew Charlotte’s wishes.  However upon checking, I learned that you just turned eighteen.  Is that correct?”
Intrigued by his question, I replied slowly, “Yes.”
“Well then, you aren’t a minor,” Mr. Barlow concluded.  “Your mother has no rights to the property.  The sale can only be authorized by you.”
I couldn’t believe what I’d just heard.  As the corners of my mouth drew up, all I could think was, Christmas sure came early this year.  I stayed silent for a moment, just staring at Charlotte.
“Shiloh, I need to review the contract with you,” Mr. Barlow insisted.
“That won’t be necessary,” I answered flatly while my gaze remained locked on my mother.
“Shiloh, you really should let me go over the contract before I hand you this check,” Mr. Barlow urged.
“May I see the check?” I asked.
From out of the corner of my eye, I watched Mr. Holdbrooke pull something out of his briefcase.  As soon as the stiff paper hit my hand, I held it up for a curious look.  I slid my sunglasses down my nose, just a fuzz, and tilted my head.  Sure enough, it was fifteen million dollars, made out to:

Pay to the order of:  Shiloh Charlotte Wallace

I stared at the check and thought, Fifteen million dollars… This is going to hurt.  I pushed my shades back up to their original spot and then swiftly tore through the paper in one swoop.
Charlotte sprang out of her chair screaming, “Are you CRAZY!?!  Chloe, get the DAMN TAPE!”
“Sit down, Chloe,” I ordered and then turned to Mr. Holbrooke to announce, “I’m not selling.”
Mr. Holdbrooke immediately countered calmly, “How about twenty-five million?”
I was stunned, not by the amount, but by the apparent orders given to Mr. Holdbrooke fueled by Lazarus Xcavare’s desperation to seal the deal.  I wondered, How high is that bastard willing to go?  I decided to take a polite and civil approach.
“Mr. Holdbrooke that’s a very generous offer, but you’re not listening to me.  Shiloh Ridge is not for sale.  Not today, or any other day.  My father,” my voice began to crack, “…wouldn’t have wanted that,” I added confidently.
Pandemonium swept through the dining room like a runaway train.  Charlotte started crying uncontrollably, Mr. Barlow rushed to her side (and almost crashed into the china cabinet doing so), Chloe was cussing up a storm, bitching about all the things she couldn’t buy now, and Mr. Holdbrooke began punching keys on his cell phone in a panic.
I just sat there, calmly taking in the scene.  Within seconds, Mr. Holdbrooke was standing beside me.
“Mr. Xcavare would like to speak to you, Ms. Wallace,” Mr. Holdbrooke announced nervously.
I stared at the flashy cell phone for a moment.  Instantly, my body felt cold as a chill ran down my spine.  I hadn’t spoken to Lazarus since the other day in the office.  I was about to speak my first words to the man who was responsible for me hearing my father’s last.
Mr. Holdbrooke spoke, “Here she is, Sir,” and then handed me the phone.  Slowly, I placed the cell up to my ear and simply listened.  I couldn’t even say a word.
“Ms. Wallace?  Shiloh, isn’t it?  We met at the mine the other day, child.  Do you remember?” Lazarus Xcavare asked.
How in the Hell can I forget?
“Oh, I remember,” I replied, trying my best to bite my tongue.  “You tend to leave a lasting impression.”  You sure do with your poisonous blue hands, you Son-of-a-Bitch!
Lazarus continued, “Well, I try.  Tell me, Shiloh.  What’s all this silly nonsense I’m hearing about you not wanting to sell me the land on Shiloh Ridge because your father wouldn’t have wanted it.  That sounds preposterous if you ask me.  What father wouldn’t want his daughter’s future to be secure by starting out in life as a millionaire, twenty-five times over?”
“Mine,” I replied directly.
Lazarus cleared his throat and carried on.  “You know, you’re right.  I think I know what you mean.  I think a father would be much more comfortable with let’s say, oh I don’t know…maybe…thirty-five million.  That would help you out?  Let you sleep well at night?” he stressed in a restrained grumble.
That hit a nerve.  “I don’t know about that, Mr. Xcavare.  It’s been really hard lately, what with him being taken so suddenly and all — the way that he was.”  I sighed, “We just never know when or where the cold hands of death will land…do we?”
“No… No, we don’t.”  Lazarus had a curious and slightly stunned tone to his voice.  “Well anyway, let me just tell you why I think it would be a wise decision.  May I?”
As I sat there half-listening to Lazarus Xcavare trying his best to persuade me to sell Shiloh Ridge, I couldn’t help but become fixated on the exchange occurring between Charlotte and Ace Barlow.  The way he was consoling her struck me as odd.  Within a few seconds, I realized why.  It was his touch, the way he was holding her hand as he sat there, hugged up beside her.  As soon as his fingers brushed over the top of her hand, I knew.  This was no mere attorney-client relationship — not in the least.
I snapped out of my daze and turned my attention back to the party on the other end of Mr. Holdbrooke’s phone.  I caught the tail-end of Lazarus saying, “So, Ms. Wallace… Thirty-five million.  What do you think?”
I eyed Charlotte as I rose from the table.  The corners of my mouth lifted slightly when something Lazarus had said to Beatrix the other day flashed in my head.
“See, Mr. Xcavare, you were wrong.  Some people don’t have a price,” I answered brazenly.
Before he could reply, I hit the end button on the fancy cell phone and tossed it back to Mr. Holdbrooke (not looking) with my eyes still locked on Charlotte.
Energetically, I threw my chair under the table and announced, “This has been fun, but…I’m off!”
“You can’t do this to ME!  To US!  To OUR FAMILY!” Charlotte pleaded as I headed towards the doorway.  “We NEED that money, Shiloh!  Honey, please!  How else are you going to pay for college?”
Her shockingly shameless assessment stopped me dead in my tracks.  I whirled around on the spot.  How dare she mention “college” to me, especially after her attempts to sabotage my plans.  I could have set the dining room on fire with heat building from my glare.
I unclenched my jaw so I could speak.  “I’m going now — MOTHER,” I announced and then turned to leave.
“WAIT!” Charlotte screamed.  “If you don’t care about yourself, then think of your sister and me.  What are we supposed to do without your father here to help us?”  Dramatically, she cried, “Who’s going to help ME?”
All the men who had “helped” my mother ran through my head.  I looked over at Mr. Barlow and then back at her.  My brow began to rise.  It was too priceless of a moment, and the smart ass in me just couldn’t resist.
“Frankly, Charlotte… I don’t give a damn!” I sang with a grin and then spun around theatrically.  My feet practically bounced their way out the daggone door.
Standing on the porch, I breathed in a deep whiff of late afternoon air.  The mountains had never looked more alive and everything smelled so much sweeter — and I knew just why.
Ironically, I’d never, EVER been one to revel in someone else’s misery (I feared Karma too much) — however, right now, at this moment  — the sound of Charlotte’s dramatic & desperate wails that followed me all the way to my Charger were an absolute-freaking-delight.
I gave my engine a lengthy and triumphant crank.  I had to wonder, Did Rhett Butler feel this damn good?
I grinned.  Probably not…


Chapter  18  —  Where’s a Real Charmer ?

I pulled into the parking lot of the Heritage Inn just as the sun was starting to set.  The explosion of vibrant colors swirling harmoniously in the sky paralleled my mood.  I was bursting with joy!  Lazarus’ quest to acquire Shiloh Ridge had been put on hiatus and so had Charlotte’s attempt to discard me like yesterday’s trash while she and Chloe ran off to start their new life without me in it.  I felt more secure.  My identity was safe, at least for now.  And as a bonus, I still had a home to go to…that is, if Charlotte had gotten over her humiliation and my unwillingness to line her purse.
A flashing, red-neon “VACANCY” sign caught my eye.  I just might be sleeping here tonight, I grimaced and hopped out of the car.
The Heritage Inn was Welch’s only motel.  Yep, if you were in town visiting, it was your sole option.  The motel featured a “heritage of coalminers” theme.  Lots of folks who liked to tour West Virginia in the fall inevitably ended up here.  After all, this part of the state was all about coalmining.  It was perfect if you were an out-of-towner who wanted to experience it first-hand.  The Heritage Inn ran scheduled tours to our local mine five days a week (on a repurposed old school bus, of course) and boasted a quaint museum adjacent to their front lobby.  The modest, two-story motel had 24 rooms, and by the looks of the parking lot, they were almost all booked.
I made my way to Tanner’s room, still rocking my victorious high.  I paused to check my watch as soon as I’d reached the green metal door adorned with the shiny brass “3”.
Five-Thirty on the dot.  I knocked out a little ditty and waited there thinking, I wonder where we’re going?  I didn’t have the slightest clue or why a dress code had been imposed.
My eyes flared as the door flew open.  A heart-stopping vision of Tanner Grey pulling on a tailored black shirt that framed his perfectly-chiseled, rock-hard abs greeted my eyes.  I clamped my teeth together quickly and prayed that my mouth hadn’t been open for too long.
Tanner’s brow arched as he announced, “You’re late.”
I held up my watch (mostly to take the focus off my flushed face).  “No, I’m not,” I rebutted confidently.
Tanner opened the door wider as he pointed over to the bedside clock.
5:35 P.M.  Ugh!  I wasn’t going to let any of his jeers put a damper on my mood tonight.  “You aren’t even ready,” I scoffed, secretly thankful for more reasons than I could count.
“I’ll just be a second.”  Tanner smiled and waved me in.  “The sun is about to set… What’s with the sunglasses, slick?” he inquired as I walked past him.
I pulled off my shades and postured myself.  “Look at them,” I demanded.
Tanner gazed into my eyes for a moment.  His brow furrowed as he drew closer and his stare deepened.  “I see what you mean,” he replied, merely inches from me.  “They’re really…blue.”
Oh, he was in true form tonight.
“No, besides that,” I huffed.  “The streaks of white glistening in them, almost like lightning…like how yours light up when you take off your tiger’s-eye.  They started shining about an hour ago, so I put on my sunglasses to hide them.  I couldn’t risk anyone seeing them.”
“I know what you meant, Shiloh.  Get used to it.  They’re going to do that, though it does pose a problem with Lazarus snooping around.  I wouldn’t worry about humans seeing them.  The only way that can happen is if you reveal them on purpose or accidentally.  That’s always a possibility when your emotions shift drastically.  Especially when you get upset or angry.  You’ll learn to control it…eventually.”
“I need a tiger’s-eye,” I sighed.
“Get over it.  I told you — It’s impossible right now.  A tiger’s-eye protects your psyche from other supernaturals by clouding theirs.  It blocks their senses, so they can’t feel your power.  That doesn’t mean they can’t see it if you slip up and accidentally reveal it to them.  Stones have a mind of their own, you know.  Sometimes they want their presence to be known.  You have to learn to control how your stone radiates through your eyes.  After all, they are the window to your soul,” Tanner announced passionately as he finished buttoning his shirt.  “Even a skilled Talisman can have a slip up…now and then.”
Great.  One more thing I have to worry about, I grumbled as I tucked my sunglasses inside my purse.  My thoughts turned to Charlotte when my fingers grazed my wallet.
“You knew… Beatrix did too, didn’t she?” I posed.
“About what?  Your land?” Tanner replied as he flicked the collar of his shirt.
I shook my head and grinned like a played fool.  I didn’t even bother with asking why he or Beatrix never bothered to fill me in.  I’d already resigned myself to the fact that those two operated like a covert division of the CIA — Need-to-Know.
Notably aroused, I tried to act as casual as possible while he finished getting dressed.  After all, this was the first time I’d been in a motel room with a handsome guy…alone.  Tanner was incredibly attractive — no doubt about it — but I couldn’t help but wonder if there was something else about the elusive and dashing Professor Grey that made these deep seeded desires emerge when I was in his presence.
Maybe that’s an ability of his?
Even though I was now eighteen and officially no longer “jail-bait”, Ty was always in the back of my mind.  I’d had a crush on him for years.  If he did break up with Kara, I wanted to see how things played out with him.  I owed myself that much.  Anyway, I hadn’t remained a virgin this long just to blow it on an uncontrollable whim — no matter how stirred up my libido seemed to be.  I’d always wanted my “first-time” to be with someone I truly loved, unconditionally, and that I knew shared my feelings.  I certainly wasn’t about to plummet off that cliff because of any peer-pressure.  I’d seen enough broken hearts around my school and heard too many vulgar rumors about my fellow female classmates to know that I wasn’t about to venture a jump without a “beyond a shadow of a doubt” guaranteed parachute.  Though my beliefs about my hallowed “first-time” were old-fashioned and sentimental, I remained practical — love was a requirement, marriage wasn’t.  However, as I watched Tanner run a comb through his luminous brown tresses, lusty images lingered in my mind.  I had to constantly scold myself to “snap out of it”.
“Let’s go.  We don’t want to be late,” Tanner insisted as he slipped on his leather jacket.
As I followed him out the door, I inquired, “Why no play clothes this evening?”  I thought I’d take a stab at the secrecy regarding our outing.
“I figured you needed a break tonight…and no more water.  I promise,” Tanner grinned.
Tanner led the way through the parking lot, heading in the opposite direction of where I’d parked.  We came to a stop in front of a sleek, chromed-out vintage black & silver Harley Davidson.  He hopped on the motorcycle and patted the vacant spot behind him.
I stared at the patch of black leather for a moment, feeling more than hesitant.  Not necessarily because this was my first time on an actual motorcycle, but considering the thoughts that had been running around my head just minutes earlier, my reluctance solely rested with the idea of wrapping my arms around the sultry Talisman as we barreled down the road for a thrilling bike ride.  That would most certainly put a few of my “boundaries” to the test.
Tanner tilted his head and sighed, “Oh, please tell me that you’re not scar—”
I quickly cut him off.  “No,” I replied as I threw my leg over the seat and sat down, wrapping my arms around his waist.
“Where’s a helmet?” I asked innocently as I scanned all around.
Tanner let out an exaggerated laugh.  “Do you really think you need one?”
Seeing how my bones were now unbreakable, and unless we ran into a tree made of diamonds, I would inevitably walk away from any accident unscathed.  I laughed off my safety concerns that now seemed ridiculous.
“I suppose I don’t.”
While the motorcycle engine rumbled as we waited to pull off, I leaned closer to Tanner and yelled in his ear, “So where are we going on this Wednesday night that I needed to get dressed up?”
Tanner called back in a boisterous voice, “Church, of course.”
As we headed west on Highway 52, I had a gut feeling about which “church” we would be attending.  My suspicions were confirmed when we turned onto Route 80 after passing through Iaeger.  I caught a glimpse of a mileage sign as we whizzed by it.

Jolo  —  12 miles

I knew it.  A horrible sinking feeling came over me, but as I buried my head down against Tanner’s back, the dread subsided.  At least the feeling did.  My thoughts were still clear.  I knew whom we were in search of and why.
We arrived at the Church of Divine Faith in Jolo in no time.  Both sides of the curvy narrow road were littered with vehicles that led all the way to the church’s crowded parking lot.
Tanner squeezed his Harley in-between two pick-ups and cut the engine.  “Look at that.  You managed to get here…in one-piece,” he teased.
We were the only ones standing outside the church, and by the muffled sounds of music and sporadic wails that seemed to be coming from inside, it appeared the service had already begun.  But I wasn’t in any hurry to enter.
Tanner rushed me up the stairs and scoffed, “See — We’re late!”
I shook my head and shuddered as thoughts of what lay behind the weathered, black double-doors whirled nervously in my mind.
An older woman clutching a stack of programs was greeting parishioners as we entered.  She was dressed as any other female church patron would, conservatively, wearing a practically-to-the-floor length floral dress trimmed in lace.  Her equally-as-long hair had been styled in a spiraling up-do, secured in place by numerous bobby pins and gobs of hairspray.  The attentive woman quickly put on her horn-rimmed glasses that hung by a chain around her neck and hurried towards us.
“Welcome!  Welcome!” the woman joyfully exclaimed and handed me a program.  “I’m Flossie Mae Shrewsbury, the pastor’s wife, and you are?”
“Mr. and Mrs. McCoy,” Tanner replied without skipping a beat.  I smiled at Mrs. Shrewsbury as Tanner gave me a tight squeeze.  His affectionate gesture prompted a bashful smile from the pastor’s wife — and me.
“We love to see new faces around here.  Please go on in.  The service is about to start,” Mrs. Shrewsbury insisted with a smile.
We both thanked her, and then Tanner proceeded to lead the way into the Worship Hall.  I was dragging behind, full of reservations.  I spotted a cross hanging on the wall and said a quick prayer.
Please don’t let there be too many snakes!
The congregation appeared to be a lively group.  They were all dancing and singing in the pews while a small band played a blue-grassy style of hymn.  The “band” consisted of two men, one on a keyboard and the other strumming a banjo, standing to the left of the pulpit.  We found an empty space located at the rear of the church.  Anxiously, I stood in the aisle, looking all around (and under) the pew.
Tanner pulled me down beside him.  “Shiloh, there are no snakes in the pews,” he whispered.  I felt somewhat at ease until he added, “At least, not yet.”  I quivered and impulsively scooted closer to him.  Tanner grinned at my adjusted proximity and whispered, “Do you need to sit on my lap, little girl?”
I swiftly replied with a muffled grunt and then jabbed my elbow straight into his arm.
There’s your answer…
The church had a somewhat contemporary look to it.  There were no regal colors that accented the room, only various shades of beige.  There weren’t a lot of traditional touches to its interior either.  Aside from the standard wooden pews that you would find in most any house of worship, the room looked more like a meeting hall with a clear acrylic pulpit sitting front and center, and there was only one stained glass window located on the wall in front of us.  It was a depiction of Adam, along with Eve, who was being tempted by the infamous serpent.
Fitting, I thought confidently.
Once the music had stopped, the pastor sauntered over to the pulpit and began to address the crowd of parishioners.   I could only make out a small portion of Pastor Shrewsbury’s sermon, what with all the “hallelujahs” and “amens” that rang out repeatedly.  I caught the gist of his lesson on “faith”, but my mind was too preoccupied with our real reason for being here — to find Mr. Estell.  We both scanned the crowd relentlessly.  Tanner was far more inconspicuous than I was when it came to surveillance.  He squeezed my hand several times and whispered, “Not so obvious.”  While my eyes continued to travel around the room, I noticed a little girl with blonde hair woven into pigtails staring at me.  I was a bit startled, though the look on her face was nothing like the evil-eye gaze Mr. Estell had thrown my way the other day.  The little girl eventually smiled, which put my mind at ease.  I resumed my visual search to no avail.  Mr. Estell was nowhere to be found.
Soon the message had concluded, and the pastor closed with a prayer.  I felt relieved there hadn’t been any “ceremonial additions” to the service that the church was notorious for.
Maybe that’s something they only do on special occasions…like communion?
HOWEVER, when the rear doors flew open and various members of the congregation jumped out of their seats and began to speak in tongues, my feeling of relief shifted into one of apprehension.  With a wary eye, I watched a man walk up the aisle carrying a rather large wicker hamper.  I let out a gasp and prayed, PLEASE let there be a butt-load of bread in that basket…
Sure enough, the man reached into the tall wicker container and started yanking out snakes, left and right.  It was like watching a horrible train wreck about to happen.  It was sickening, but I couldn’t turn away.  Freakishly mesmerized, I gawked (and gagged) at the parishioners clapping and dancing while they passed various snakes around like they were at a Saturday afternoon swap meet.  The church was crawling and slithering with serpents before we knew it.  A snake-wrangler approached Tanner and presented him with one of the vile, scaly critters.  The Amethyst Talisman pretended like he was going to hand it to me until he noticed my “don’t EVEN think about it” look.  He grinned and then tossed it to a man sitting to his right.
Tanner nudged my arm. “Come on.  Let’s wait outside.”  He didn’t have to tell me twice.
As we headed out into the hall, a familiar female voice called out, “Leaving so soon?”
I jumped, while Tanner remained cool and collected.  Mrs. Flossie Mae Shrewsbury was following us out like a puppy dog, except her tail wasn’t wagging.  She looked directly at me.
“I take it this isn’t your cup of tea?” she probed with an air of suspicion.
In a slick attempt to avoid offending the pastor’s wife, Tanner interjected, “No, Ma’am.  I’ve been trying to convert my wife to the ways of the church, but I’m afraid she still hasn’t become accustom to some of its rituals.”  He squeezed my hand and continued, “She’s a bit on the squeamish side.”
Mrs. Shrewsbury seemed to buy Tanner’s explanation.  However, as I observed her body language and listened in on her thoughts, I realized, He doesn’t have her snowed at all.  She’s just in the same disposition that Lila the waitress was in yesterday!   She was totally captivated by him and hanging on to his every word while she had “less than wholesome” thoughts.
Mrs. Shrewsbury took Tanner’s arm in hers and led him into the Fellowship Hall.  I followed behind, shaking my head.  Ugh, Not again… I felt awful for this poor, unsuspecting lady.  Surely she’d be mortified if any of the congregation saw her fawning all over a man who wasn’t her husband — the pastor.
Where’s an ice-cold baptismal pool when you need one?
Tanner used Mrs. Shrewsbury’s “new attitude” to his advantage.  “Mrs. Shrewsbury, I was hoping you could help me find an old buddy of mine.  He’s the one who first introduced me to the church.  His name is Mr. Estell.  Do you know him?” he asked.
Mrs. Shrewsbury leaned in closer to whisper in his ear.  “I do know a Mr. Estell…a Mr. Stacie Estell.  He used to be a member of the church, but he had a falling out with my husband over some of his strange beliefs,” she replied with a quiver.
Upon hearing her announcement, I thought skeptically, How could they be any stranger than thinking a snakebite will test your faith and give you some kind of good favor?
“What kind of strange beliefs?” Tanner asked.
Mrs. Shrewsbury, who was now rubbing Tanner’s arm, continued, “Unnatural things… Unspeakable things really.  They weren’t the church’s beliefs.  They were more secular.  More evil.  He eventually severed his ties with the church — and GOOD RIDDANCE, I’ll say!  He hasn’t been a member here for several years.  I can’t imagine that you could ever be a friend of his?” she added dubiously.
“Do you know where I could find him?” Tanner asked.
There wasn’t a doubt in my mind.  Come Hell or high water, he was going to find Mr. Estell tonight.
Mrs. Shrewsbury speculated, “I think he’s still around…somewhere.  When he was a member, he stayed in the small house across the road that the church owns.  When we parted ways, he took his things and left.  I know people still see him around, but I’m afraid I don’t know his current address.”
The Fellowship Hall’s doors opened abruptly, and the masses began pouring into the room, all headed for the refreshment table.  Tanner stepped away from Mrs. Shrewsbury and ushered me off to the side of the room.
“I’m going to ask some of the others if they may know where to find Mr. Estell.  Mingle around and see if you can find out anything, Mrs. McCoy.”  With that said, Tanner headed off in search of our next destination.
I was just as uncomfortable in here as I was in the worship hall.  I could just picture a snake popping out of someone’s pocket.  I’d had enough slithery encounters in just one week to last a lifetime.  My skin was crawling, especially when someone brushed my arm as they walked past.  I asked a few people about Mr. Estell, but nobody knew where he lived.  Frustrated and still struggling with a case of the sceevies, I wandered outside to wait for Tanner, who was currently surrounded by most of the female congregation.
That figures…
I waited on the steps of the church and stared up at the dark night sky.  Not a single star was visible amidst the murky canvas of dismal grays.  The scene was a far cry from the beauty of an enchanting sunset, unless “foreboding” was your thing.  All of a sudden, I felt something lightly tap my shoulder.  I gasped uncontrollably (at the thoughts of it being a daggone snake) and whipped around.
I let out a laugh.  “Oh, you startled me,” I replied when I spied the little pig-tailed girl sitting by my side.
“I’m sorry.  I didn’t mean to,” the little girl replied contritely.  “My name’s Gallia.  What’s yours?” she asked.
In the midst of all the weirdness that surrounded the church and its rituals, I found the little girl’s presence quite calming.  Her interest in a stranger around here, I assumed, was an innocent curiosity.
“That’s a fitting name for such a pretty little girl.  I’m Shyloh.  Hmm… Let me guess…You look to be around nine or ten?”
Gallia giggled.  “Are you going to start coming to church here?” she asked.
I put on a convincing smile as that thought went in one ear and out the other.  “No,” I confirmed.  “We just came by to see if we could find an old friend.  That’s all.”
“Oh,” she replied.  “Did you find them?” Gallia asked as she fiddled with the pink ribbons tied onto the ends of her pigtails.
“Not yet.  We don’t appear to be having any luck,” I answered casually, not in any hurry to meet up with creepy old Mr. Estell.
“Maybe I can help?” she posed.  “What’s your friend’s name?”
Gallia seemed like a sweet girl, so I felt compelled to humor her.  “Uh…his name is Mr. Stacie Estell.”
“He’s not here,” she answered immediately.
I nodded thinking, No kidding.
Gallia tugged on my arm.  “But…I know where he lives,” she added.  My eyes widened as the little pig-tailed girl told me how to get to Mr. Estell’s house.  Gallia pointed her finger and instructed, “Up the road and turn onto the dirt trail by the orange rock.”
I sprang to my feet.  “Excuse me, Gallia.  I need to tell my friend.  Thank you.”  I ran up the steps and met Tanner just as he was coming outside, looking awfully concerned.
“I said ‘mingle’, not run off,” Tanner scolded as he shook his head and adjusted his attitude.  “Did you have any luck?”
Proudly, I nodded.  “I sure did.  I got his address.”
“From who?”
“A little girl,” I answered as I turned to point her out to him.  He followed my finger to the bottom of the steps.  “Where is she?” I remarked.  Gallia wasn’t there.  I muttered, “She was just here a second ago.”  I scanned the parking lot and sensibly replied, “She’s a little girl.  They tend to run off.”
Tanner grabbed my arm and led me down the steps.  As we headed for his Harley, he sneered and shook his head.  “Yeah… I know they do.”
I passed along the sketchy directions to Tanner as we headed down the highway.  A couple miles into our trip, we spotted a large rock by the side of the road.  It wasn’t actually an “orange rock”, but it did have a lot of graffiti scribbled on it in orange paint.  I tapped on the back of his leather jacket and motioned him towards the dirt road lying beside the vandalized stone.
As we turned onto to the bumpy road, Tanner pulled his motorcycle off to the side and hid it behind a thick cluster of secluded bushes.  He hushed its noisy engine and instructed me to hop off.
“We don’t want to ring any doorbells,” Tanner advised.  “This is a surprise visit, remember?”
Before we headed off in search of Mr. Estell, I noticed Tanner removing the two metal grips from off the motorcycle’s handlebar.  He tucked them inside his leather jacket and flashed me a sly smile.
I gave my head a quick, skeptical shake.  Well, that’s not going to stop anyone around here from stealing your precious bike.  Whatever…
Our pace was markedly slow.  We really didn’t know how far it was or what type of dwelling we were looking for.  It was more of an “explorative jog” through the dusky woods.
After about a mile, we spotted a small structure on the horizon.  We kept ourselves camouflaged behind the trees as we crept closer to what turned out to be a run-down old shack in the middle of nowhere.  By the way the hairs on the back of my neck were standing up, I thought, Oh yeah… This is the place.  It sure looks creepy enough!
We crouched behind some bushes several feet from the shack.  There were no lights on, and it appeared to be deserted.  Tanner sensed my hesitation.  He shook his head and grabbed my arm.
“Let’s go, Goldilocks,” Tanner teased as he yanked me towards the old shack.
Goldilocks, my ass… Let’s just hope all we find in there is a pot of porridge.  I’d even settle for three grumpy bears!
There was no lock on the door, so Tanner pulled it open with ease.
“We’re just going in?” I whispered uneasily.
“Yes.  You have to earn your wings sometime.  He obviously doesn’t care.  See, no lock,” Tanner mocked as he swung the door back and forth.  “If you ask me, he’s just inviting someone in,” he announced boldly.
I nervously interjected, “Maybe he doesn’t have to lock it because people know how crazy he is, and that nobody would ever dream of breaking into his place to mess with him!”
Tanner nodded.  “Good point,” he acknowledged and then jerked me into the eerie old shack.
“See if you can shed some light on this situation?” Tanner asked as he pointed to the golden topaz on my finger.
Only a tiny amount of light radiated from the ring, and not a sad second later, it was gone.  That, I feared, was the last speck of magic it held.  I gave it a couple of vigorous and hopeful shakes, just to be certain.
Tanner grabbed my wrist.  “It’s not a flashlight.”  He raised my hand for a closer inspection.  “Yeah.  You’ll have to wait a couple more days to restore its powers,” Tanner divulged.  Even with what little light there had been temporarily, Tanner managed to locate an old kerosene lamp.  Once lit, the tiny shack was more visible, but looked even creepier than it had in the dark.
The entire space was dirty and reeked of a foul stench.  It smelled like something rotten with a dash of raw sewage.  Yuck!  I scanned all around.  We were standing on a worn-out, nasty-looking shag rug.  On one side of the room, a tattered mattress was lying on top of a dirt-covered floor and a filthy, makeshift kitchen was sitting on the other.  A metal washtub filled with grimy dishes and rotting food caught my eye (and my nose).
I don’t know what makes me want to puke more, the sight or the smell?
“Can we go now,” I begged.  “He’s obviously not home.  Maybe he’s out in search of a maid.”
Tanner became extremely still and shushed me.  “Do you hear that?” he whispered.
I focused intently on the sounds around me.  My ears sensed some sort of faint rhythmic vibration.  In unison, we looked down at the dirty old shag rug.  It sounded like it was coming from underneath us.  I stepped back as Tanner knelt down and whipped back the rug.  To Tanner’s sheer delight and my complete dismay, we discovered a wooden trap door that had been concealed by the covering on the floor.  He lifted up the secret hatch.  A faint glow radiating up from under the ground illuminated a set of wooden steps that led down into some sort of basement.
Tanner tapped his hand on his chin.  “I can’t remember.  Is it women or children, first?”
I gruffly pointed at him.  “Actually, I think it’s the elderly — Old man.”  I motioned him towards the trap door and grunted.  “You first.”
With Tanner leading the way, we started our descent down the rickety wooden steps.  I cringed as my every step was met with an alarming creak from the shoddy old staircase.  Tanner shushed me again.  Even with all of my newfound balance training from earlier today, the steps were entirely too wobbly.  I braced myself against the sidewalls of what appeared to be a cave-like basement, hoping it would help steady my weight and subdue some of the noise coming from the rotting wood staircase.
I instantly started feeling sluggish and kind of weak.  Tanner called for me to follow once I’d reached the bottom, but I motioned for him to wait.  I was leaning against one of the rough stone-covered walls when Tanner placed his hand on my shoulder.
“Don’t chicken out on me now,” he cracked.
I remained where I was, propped up against the earthy wall and mumbled, “It’s not that.  I don’t feel very well.”
“Suck it up, little girl.  You’re not alone down here.”  A curious look appeared on his face.  “How do you feel, exactly?”
“Not frightened, just exhausted…and nauseous,” I replied.  My body began to slump, and I started to slide down the bumpy stone-covered wall.
Tanner’s eyes flared as soon as they spotted something.  He swiftly pulled me into his arms.  “Shiloh, you can’t touch the walls down here.”
“Why?” I asked.
“Remember when I told you that iron is toxic to Talismans?  Except for those who claim an earth stone?”
“Yes.”
Tanner pointed to the walls and ordered, “Look at them.”
I visually inspected the peculiar terracotta stones lining the earthy basement.  Oodles of dark-gray, shiny metallic deposits were scattered sporadically all along its rugged surface and reflected what little light was down here.
“What is it?” I asked.
“That’s hematite,” Tanner declared.  “It’s a source of—”
“Let me guess…” I interrupted.  “Iron?”
Tanner confirmed my assumption with a stern nod.  “You’ll feel better in a few more seconds, just whatever you do—”
“I know.  Don’t touch the walls,” I repeated.
Tanner’s brow began to furrow.  “You’re not as familiar with the iron’s effects as I am.  Maybe you should wait for me outside?”
“I’ll be fine,” I insisted.  “If you can do it, so can I,” my competitive voice rang out.
The sounds of distant chanting pierced the air and turned our gazes towards a doorway up ahead.  The muffled groans and wailing calls led to an open passageway.  Tanner and I crouched down and cautiously crept inside the confined tunnel-like corridor.  A light coming from up ahead illuminated our path.  The hematite walls lining our route had been carved with strange symbols, unlike any I’d ever seen.  The markings appeared crude in nature and reminded me of ancient hieroglyphics.  Only one symbol was easily identifiable — a snake.
We’re definitely on the right track.
The soft glow intensified the further we crept.  Tanner halted abruptly and motioned me down to the ground.  We were about to enter a room where our passageway was coming to an end.  As we slipped inside, I glanced up to spy a serpent that had been carved into one of the stones arching over the door.  Repulsed by the image, I shook my head.  Well, at least his décor’s “theme” is consistent.
Tanner’s backside was blocking my view, but he pulled me over to an area where several large crates had been stacked by the door.  We scrunched down behind them and paused for a moment.  Someone in the room was chanting, and the sound of maracas shaking rattled the air.  Tanner rose up from behind the dusty old crates to get a closer look.  I was too absorbed in the room’s appearance at our rear.  The walls still had bizarre carvings scribbled all over its surface, but there were also odd-looking holes that had been bored into them.  Their placement was erratic, and they all stretched haphazardly across the back of the room.
Tanner tapped my shoulder and signaled me up for a closer look.  My eyes started to swell from the spine-chilling scene.  A man draped in a long black cloak was standing in front of some sort of alter.  Though his back was turned, the mussed up clump of wiry-looking black and white hair was a dead giveaway — Mr. Estell.  His hands flailed violently in all directions, almost in a ritualistic manner, while he ranted an unsettling stream of eerie chants and moans.  Mr. Estell appeared to be focusing his freakish gestures on something that rested on top of the altar, concealed under a red fabric drape.
We watched him remove something from a small metal box that sat on the altar to his right.  He cupped the item in his hands and then slowly lifted it towards his face.  Judging by the gagging and grunting sounds, Mr. Estell had to have shoved whatever it was into his mouth.  A blood-curdling growl rumbled the air as he forced the object into place.  When finished, Mr. Estell picked up a small dagger and waved it in the air.  What sounded like utter gibberish exploded passionately from his mouth and the next thing we knew, the creepy drifter was driving the sharp tip of the blade deep into his hand.  Blood flowed out of the wound and down his exposed arm, but he didn’t scream.  The pain seemed to excite him.  Not a second later, he lifted up the red drape that covered the mystery item on the altar and tossed it onto the floor.
Tanner covered my eyes and jerked me back down behind the crates.  Though I’d only caught a glimpse of the object, I got the impression he knew exactly what it was.
Tanner’s voice was rigid as he whispered, “Shiloh, this is extremely important.  DO NOT LOOK at the mirror on the altar.  Do you hear me?  That’s a black obsidian mirror.  It’s a gift to him from the Onyx.  Not only does the mirror capture your reflection, its gazer finds themselves locked in a trance.  Black obsidian pulls visions from your mind…your deepest thoughts…and forces your eyes to play tricks on you.  There’s no psychic protection against it.  The Onyx is notorious for using them.  The black obsidian will spawn a dark curse.  It grants a gift to the person who gazes into it, whatever they desire…but you must surrender your soul voluntarily to the one who lays claim to the mirror.  That’s how it sways its victim into giving up their soul willingly.  Mr. Estell will never get it back and will have to do whatever the Onyx commands…bound to him and under his spell, inescapably.  The willing soul of a human is a very powerful thing, Shiloh.  The Onyx craves them because a soul without resistance heightens his dark power.  We’ll stay behind here until the ceremony is complete.  He’ll have to place his blood on the mirror, and then the obsidian will shatter, binding their deal.”
“What kind of gift do you think he wants from the Onyx?” I whispered back, anxiously.
Tanner shook his head.  “You should be more concerned about what the Onyx wants from him in return.”
There went that sinking feeling again.  That wouldn’t be too hard to guess, considering how many times that bastard has already tried to kill me.
While we remained hidden behind the crates, Mr. Estell’s screams grew louder, right along with the strange sounds rattling around us.  They were emanating from everywhere, like some sort of supernatural surround-sound.  Mr. Estell’s wails heightened into one climactic scream and then stopped.  Even the rattling sounds suddenly came to an abrupt halt.  Not a second later, we heard something shatter.  It had to be the mirror.
Tanner slowly rose from behind the crates to take a peek.  He gestured that it was safe, so I stood up beside him.  We looked at each other and then back to the center of the room.  Oddly enough, Mr. Estell was gone.  All that remained were fragments of the shattered black obsidian mirror and the dark cloak lying in a clump on the floor.  We both crept slowly towards the wadded up garment.  Tanner ran his foot along the edge of the black fabric.  His eyes scanned over to the altar.  Shards of obsidian covered in blood littered its surface.  As we stepped closer, I spotted the strange box from where Mr. Estell had retrieved whatever he’d shoved into his mouth.  I picked up the aged metal box to get an idea as to what could have been inside it.
Tanner snatched it out of my hands.  “Give me that!  You don’t know what was in here.”  He cautiously opened the lid and looked inside.
I leaned over to see for myself.  Nothing.  It was empty.  A strange look appeared on Tanner’s face as he swiped his fingers inside the box and raised them for a closer inspection.  He was rubbing his fingers together when suddenly his eyes sparked.  He shoved my hand down inside the box.  When I pulled it back out, I noticed a subtle, glittery dust on my index finger.  The tiny specks felt rough and oddly seemed to have scratched the tip of it in a couple of places.
“Diamonds,” Tanner announced.  “There were diamonds in here.  I think we’d better go… Now!”
Alarmed by Tanner’s declaration, I started unconsciously walking towards the doorway backward.  I turned to run, but caught myself as I was about to trip on something.  I looked down and gasped.  A rattlesnake!  My instincts took hold.  Automatically, I kicked my foot, sending the scaly creature hurling across the room and turned to head for the doorway.
Like watching a clown springing out of an old tin Jack-in-the-Box, my eyes flew open and I jumped back in fright.  Tanner was still standing at the altar with his back to me, so I yelled for him to “turn around”.  Unbeknownst to us, the room had been filling up with snakes and was now crawling with tons of the vile, venomous creatures.  Plenty more were still steadily slithering into the chamber all around us through the holes bored into its walls.
“Shiloh, just go — quickly!  You won’t get bit.  Their fangs can’t penetrate your flesh.”
I hesitated.  “What about you?  Can you heal yourself from their poison?”  The look on Tanner’s dispirited face gave me my answer.
“Not snake venom.  I can only stave off its effects for a short time.  Go!  I’ll be right behind you.”
I sighed nervously as I headed for the doorway.  I dodged several of the smaller rattlesnakes and a few copperheads that were trying their best to bite my legs.  Before I could reach the exit, two large rattlers tripped me by quickly winding their bodies around my legs.  As soon as I landed on the ground, an 8-foot copperhead slithered beside my head and wrapped itself around my neck.  It tightened its hold and began dragging me towards the hematite-laden walls.
While I tried to use my free hands to pull the snakes off me, I noticed Tanner’s predicament was much worse.  Several serpents had coiled themselves around him and kept sinking their fangs into his flesh as he tried to free himself.  Tanner attempted to transform several times, but the poisonous venom had already started to drain his strength.  I had to break free to help him — soon.  I wasn’t sure how much more of it he could withstand.
The copperhead jerked me up by my neck, and I now found myself adversely pinned against the wall.  Another rattler managed to wrap itself around one of my wrists.  It yanked my bare hand back towards the iron-rich wall, securing my skin’s contact with the energy-draining hematite.  I felt its sluggish effects immediately.
As the copperhead continued to tighten its grasp, it suddenly dawned on me what to do.  Since I wasn’t physically strong enough to remove them, I scraped my diamond-hard fingernails along the snake’s body.  A rush of wet blood and soft tissue squished against my fingers the deeper I dug into its scaly flesh.  The copperhead hissed violently as it eased up on its grip.  With one strenuous tug, I pulled the scaly creature off my neck.  Then I removed the three other snakes that were keeping me immobile by ripping them open in the same fashion.  Yuck!  I was covered in bloody snake guts.
Just as I freed myself and started to run over to Tanner, an ominous rattle rocked the entire room, followed by a long, chilling “hiss-s-s-s-s-s”.
I froze.  The noise sounded like it was coming from below.  I looked down at the wadded up clump of black fabric on the floor beside Tanner.  It was moving.  “Something” was underneath it.  Suddenly the cloak went airborne and from underneath the deceptive black veil, a gigantic and undeniably supernatural serpent rose from the ground.
Oh shit… I know what happened to Mr. Estell…
It had to be at least twenty-five feet long.  The freakish serpent quickly coiled around the altar and soon spied a very weakened Tanner Grey, struggling to escape from his slithery restraints.
Tanner’s eyes widened at an alarming rate when he spotted the monstrous serpent rearing back to strike him.  He was defenseless.  There was absolutely nothing he could do what with three huge snakes wrapped around him, binding his arms to his chest.  I had to think fast.  My strength had returned, so as the serpent lunged at Tanner, I quickly grabbed one of the heavy crates and hurled it at its head.
“HEY!” I screamed.  My maneuver had successfully blocked the blood-thirsty creature’s attack on Tanner and drew its attention away from him.
The supernatural serpent hissed uncontrollably and turned towards me.  It appeared to be grinning.  The snake’s mouth stretched opened to reveal its fangs…every sparkly, shiny diamond one of them.
Tanner spotted the imposed diamond fangs and yelled, “Get the Hell out of here!”
With that said, the serpent reared back to attempt one high-speed lunge my way.  I bolted out the door and down the narrow constraints of the earthy tunnel as fast as I could.  The ground below me vibrated as the serpent pushed closer and the sound of its hisses grew louder by the second.  Once I’d exited the passageway, I made a mad dash for the rickety old stairs.  I raced up the steps without even taking a breath.
I have to get out of here, but what about Tanner?  I have to help him!  I can’t let him die back there.
I reached the top and hopped out the trap door just as the head of the snake emerged.  Straightaway, I grabbed the hinged wood cover and threw my body on top of it, forcing the fiendish serpent back down into the basement.
The snake kept banging on the trap door, trying to break through it.  I looked down.  There’s no lock!  My body flew up and down violently as I tried to keep the serpent from bursting through the wooden door.  I turned my head towards the front door of the shack.  It was wide open.
Maybe if I can get outside I would stand a better chance of killing it, rather than being cooped up in here with no room to move?  I quickly weighed all of my options.  There really wasn’t any, just “fight-it-inside” or “fight-it-outside”.  Maybe there’s a garden hoe out there…with a really big, freaking blade!
Without warning, the pounding stopped.  I figured this would be my best chance to make a break for it.  Just as I made a swift leap towards the open doorway, the serpent’s head burst through the wood trap door.  I attempted to run outside, but the serpent coiled around my waist quickly, wrapping itself around my body like a mummy, and then jerked me back inside the shack.  I tried to push against its grasp, but I was pinned.  I couldn’t even move my hands enough to slice my nails into its flesh.  It continued to coil around me, tightening its grip.  The serpent’s head drew closer and hovered over me while the rest of its freakish body trailed down into the basement.  The snake let out a chilling “hiss-s-s-s” as its gruesome-looking, forked-tongue tapped against my cheek.  I grimaced and twisted about, but I couldn’t free myself.  The serpent flashed its diamond fangs at me once more.  It was rearing back for one final and fatal strike.  The diamond fangs could puncture my skin and assuredly flood my body with its deadly venom.  I braced myself for its inevitable attack, knowing I would soon be just a memory.
As the serpent’s head came thrusting at me, I caught the glimpse of something shining brilliantly.  In one swift move, Tanner Grey had emerged from the basement behind the serpent and severed its head slick from its body with a crosscut inflicted by two glowing amethyst swords that he held in his hands.  No sooner than the serpent’s diamond-shaped head had rolled off to the side, its muscles began to relax enough for me to wiggle free.  I watched him retract the amethyst blades back into the metal handle-grips from his motorcycle — which I now knew were cleverly disguised hilts — and then a badly poisoned Tanner Grey began to collapse.  I sprang to my feet and grabbed the injured Talisman to drag him outside.
Tanner eyes were closing.  “Tanner!” I yelled hysterically.  “Can you hear me?  Can you get rid of the poison?”
Tanner rolled over.  “No,” he mumbled, struggling to speak.  “The venom is very potent.  Some of the snakes that bit me weren’t entirely earthly creatures…more supernatural.”  His frail voice called out, “Go look for his sardonyx.  It’s black with white markings on it.  It’ll tell me what kind of magic I’m up against.  Just…HURRY!”
I raced back inside the shack.  I stopped dead in my tracks at the sight of the serpent that had now transformed back into Mr. Estell.  His severed head was lying cock-eyed against the metal washtub.  I reluctantly inspected it for a stone necklace, but there was nothing.  Hell — What’s there to keep it on him anymore?  I went to the trap door and looked down into the basement.  The other portion of his body was lying at the bottom of the steps.  Ugh!  I rolled my eyes and ran down the stairs.  I cringed as I felt around the headless, naked body for the stone.  Nothing!  I checked his hands, and just as Tanner had described, a ring that held a black stone with faint hatches of white was resting on one of his fingers.  I tugged on it several times, but it wouldn’t budge.  Since I was in a hurry (and I knew Mr. Estell couldn’t object), I just broke his finger and the stone ring slid right off.  I hurried up the stairs and back outside to Tanner.  He wasn’t very lucid and seemed to be slipping into an unconscious state.  I grabbed his shoulders and gave him several shakes.
“I’ve got it,” I announced.
“How many white marks are on the stone?  The fewer, the better.”  I looked at the stone and counted.  Tanner continued, “One?  Two?” he asked groggily.
I hesitated.  “Um… Five.”  I could tell by Tanner’s preceding grunt that I hadn’t delivered the best of news.
He grabbed my hand and placed it on his chest, directly over one of his wounds.  “What the Hell… We’re going to try this anyway.”  Tanner took a deep breath and instructed, “You have to help me increase my powers…so I can keep the poison at bay…just long enough to get to Bea’s house.  You need to concentrate…and lend me some of…yours.”  His words were sounding more distorted with every passing second.  He continued to mutter, “I know you don’t possess all the diamond’s strength yet…but this is our only option.  Just concentrate…The diamond’s power will know what to do.”
Though I was overwrought with fear, I took a deep breath to ease my worry, so I could attempt to concentrate.  After all, this was the second man — this week — to lie dying in my arms.  With both of my hands placed over the wounds on his chest, I closed my eyes and focused on the diamond’s power, as well as Tanner’s injuries.  A bright, white light appeared to be forming under my hands that felt warm and soothing.  I looked over at Tanner’s face.  He was still in a grave amount of pain and barely responsive.
The Amethyst Talisman was growing too weak to even raise his head.  “Are you…concentrating?” he muttered.
“Yes!” I insisted in a panic.  “Is it doing ANYTHING?”
Tanner moaned.  “No.  I think there’s too much poison…”  His voice trailed off as his head rolled over to the side.  I shook him violently.
“Tanner!  Tell me what to do!  WAKE UP!”  I could feel tears beginning to well as I kept trying to revive him.  I concentrated harder and tried lending him my energy again.  I looked over at his pale, handsome face.  Nothing!  I had no idea what to do.  He just couldn’t die!  Not here!  Not now!  I was clueless as to how I could help him and found myself desperately racking my brain for some kind of supernatural CPR.
As the first tear streamed down my cheek, something grabbed my hand.  Startled, I whipped around to see Gallia, the little girl with pigtails from the church.  She took one of my hands and placed it back on Tanner’s chest, directly over his wounds, and held my other one in hers.  Then she laid her left hand on his chest, right beside mine.  As I looked at our hands lying there together, I was drawn to her bracelet.  I recognized the color and pattern of some of the stones dangling from it.  They looked like Beatrix’s greenish-gray ring — her serpentine ring.  Gallia’s eyes turned green and began to sparkle as she focused on Tanner.  She gave my hand a tight squeeze.  Apparently she wanted me to try again.  I kept my eyes open this time and focused solely on the diamond’s power.  The light that was now radiating under our hands was nothing like before.  The green and white rays streaming off his chest started to blend together magically.  The light shined as bright as the summer sun and felt just as hot.
Slowly but surely, Tanner’s weakened body started to shift around.  Whatever Gallia was doing, it appeared to be working.  I felt an instant rush of relief as he started to rouse.  My heart pounded even harder when his eyes opened and locked onto mine.  Tanner lifted his hand to my cheek and rubbed the curve of my jaw, tenderly.  He soon realized we weren’t alone and shifted his gaze to the little girl sitting beside me, who happened to be grinning from ear to ear.
“How are you feeling now…Tanner Grey?” Gallia asked.
I was stunned, but as I stared at Tanner, I noticed him smiling back at her like he’d run into a long-lost friend.  His head collapsed back onto the ground as he let out a laugh.
“I’ll be damned,” the Amethyst Talisman grunted.
Gallia giggled, “Not yet… Thanks to me and your friend, Shiloh.”
Tanner propped himself up to glance back and forth between the two of us.  “Imagine that.  Me, on the cusp of death and then brought back to life by none other than…two little girls,” he cracked and started to laugh uncontrollably.
I wasn’t sure if he was happy to be alive or if it was his wisecrack that he’d found so amusing, but he couldn’t stop laughing.  Not for a second.
I turned to Gallia.  “Is he going to be okay?” I asked, needing some reassurance.  “Is all the poison gone?”
“Oh, yes,” Gallia confirmed.  “Of course he’ll be weak…and a little intoxicated until he regains all of his strength.”
“So, basically…he’s just drunk?” I inquired.
Gallia smiled and nodded.
“Good,” I replied, absolutely relieved.
Though I was thankful for her help and overjoyed knowing Tanner was going to be okay, I just couldn’t pass up this perfect opportunity.  My brow arched as I thought of the countless number of times he had played a little too rough & dirty, as well as the scare he’d just given me.  Swiftly, I swung my right fist around and popped him smack across the jaw.  Needless to say, his medley of chuckles halted immediately.
Gallia looked at me and winked.  “Nice one,” she confirmed.
“Thanks,” I replied with a mischievous grin.


Chapter  19  —  Thank Heaven for Little Girls

While Tanner lay on the ground recovering from the snake venom (and my right hook), Gallia, the now confirmed Serpentine Talisman, filled me in on their history.
“I’ve known Tanner for centuries,” she revealed.
My eyes widened at her announcement.  Centuries?  She looked so young, and Tanner didn’t look old at all, more like a little rugged from his experiences.  I knew the “college professor” was older (he would have to be), but he “looked” in his twenties — late twenties tops.  Certainly not “centuries”.  Still stunned, my mind drifted for a moment.  One thing’s for sure — I’ll save a fortune on anti-wrinkle creams.  I refocused my attention back to the pint-sized Talisman.
“Usually, snake venom wouldn’t be that hard for Tanner to stave off its effects, but I think your presence increased the venom’s potency,” Gallia explained.
A rush of guilt rolled over me like a thundercloud.  Gallia sensed it too.
“However, that being said…it was your presence that also intensified my powers, so my serpentine could neutralize the poison.  Rattlesnake venom is wickedly potent, regardless of its source, and impossible for a lot of Talismans to heal themselves from without some intervention.  Only a rare few can, especially if the snakes are supernatural.  Good thing I spotted him at the church…and sensed who you were.”
I had mixed emotions.  Even though I was thrilled my powers were strengthening, it just made me more self-conscious.  Am I becoming a walking advertisement for the wand?  After all, I didn’t have a tiger’s-eye to fool my adversaries.
 “Is it that obvious?” I groaned.
“I was curious about the lady who was in Tanner’s company, but I didn’t have a clue who you were until I tapped your shoulder back at the church.  A surge of energy flowed through me that I’d only experienced many years ago, whenever I was around Adamas.  I felt a hundred times more powerful.  Right now, it can only be detected by touching you, but that won’t last for long.  You’re almost at the zenith of your power.  Then, you’ll have to be extremely careful.”
I forced myself into a deceptively “relaxed” appearance and thought, Great… I’m one big, flashing neon sign.
“You know, Tanner’s a great warrior,” Gallia boasted with a smile.  “He even rivaled Adamas.”  I noticed a subtle discomfort when she mentioned the wand’s previous owner.  She looked deep in thought about something.
“You knew Adamas, too?” I asked with an air of intrigue, knowing that the Talisman who was nothing more than a faceless name to me seemed to hold a great deal of influence over my future.
“Yes,” Gallia replied as she lowered her head.  She looked up at me and added, “He would be very proud of you.”
What a peculiar thing to say, I pondered curiously.  “What do you mean?”
Gallia paused.  “I mean that you were the one who claimed the wand and possess its powers,” she stated with a firm nod.  “If you don’t mind me asking, where did you find it?”
Though Tanner had warned me about divulging too much information to others, I didn’t see the harm in answering.  After all, she did just save his life.  I figured I could mark a check in the “friend” column.
“In Welch.  It was in an underground cave, not far from my house.”
Gallia laughed, seeming surprised.  “All this time… It’s been here, in West Virginia!”  Her laughter heightened.  “Of course, I understand why.  These mountains are full of coal, and it would need a source of carbon.  He must have known West Virginia would be the last place anyone would look for it.  Adamas was exceptionally clever.”
Unimpressed with Adamas’ concealment skills, I announced, “Well, there’s a Talisman named Lazarus Xcavare, who blew into town last week.  He thinks it’s here, and the Onyx has roamed the ridge behind my house since I was a little girl trying to find it.”
“THE ONYX?” Gallia shrieked.  “Are you certain?”
“One-hundred-percent,” I answered as I glanced back at Mr. Estell’s shack and reflected on each time the Onyx had tried to kill me.
“THAT’S HORRIBLE!  Does he know that you’ve claimed the diamond’s powers?”
“Considering Mr. Estell was under the Onyx’s spell… Yeah.  I think he knows,” I replied and then tossed the recovered sardonyx to Gallia.  She let out a long whistle as she held the stone ring in the air.
“A sardonyx is the Onyx’s calling card.  He has quite a following that does his bidding for him.  If you ever see someone wearing one of these be mindful.  It’s best not to trust them at all.  The more white hatches on the stone, the stronger the magic.  The Onyx will stop at nothing to get his hands on the wand.”
“No kidding,” I grumbled.  “Mr. Estell had a set of diamond dentures he shoved in his mouth, right before he traded his soul by looking into a mirror that turned him into a twenty-five foot rattler.”
Gallia gasped.  “A black obsidian mirror?”  I confirmed her question by nodding vigorously.  Gallia’s look of surprise turned solemn.  “I can empathize with you, Shiloh.  I know what it’s like to be constantly looking over your shoulder.”  She took a deep breath and revealed, “I’m being hunted, too.”
I was beginning to think West Virginia was becoming a secluded hideaway for supernaturals.  The expression on Gallia’s face mirrored my fear.
“Who are you running from?” I probed.
Gallia’s face turned as white as a sheet.  “From Lorelei, that’s who!”  The mere mention of the name made the little Talisman twitchy.  “This area, being notorious for its snake-handling church, makes it a pretty obvious place for me to hang around.  Lorelei’s very shrewd.  She probably thinks that I wouldn’t be dumb enough to come around here.  She would NEVER want to waste her ‘PRECIOUS TIME’ looking for me where my anti-venom talents would be useful.”
“Who is she?” I inquired.  It’s a pretty name.  How bad could she possibly be?
“I don’t think you want to know, but I have a feeling when she finds out someone has already claimed the Wand of Adamas, she’ll definitely want to know all about you.”
“Why’s that?” I asked.
Gallia appeared to be dithering.  She checked on Tanner, whose color had now almost returned to his face, and then quickly turned back to me.
“How much has Tanner told you about our kind?”
Disgusted, I rolled my eyes.  “Not much.  He’s extremely secretive and evasive — and cocky.  He claims it’s for my protection, but it’s really frustrating.”
“That’s Tanner,” Gallia confirmed with a laugh.  “But Shiloh, I’m not your mentor, the one who’s to guide you.  He is.  It’s not a good idea to reveal too much about our world…even to each other.  Every Talisman’s worst fear is that another one of their kind will want to kill them for their powers.  Secrecy is our most powerful weapon.”
Disappointed that yet another Talisman was not very forthcoming with any answers, I shook my head.
“I understand, but that doesn’t make it any less frustrating,” I sighed.
The little Talisman observed my raw displeasure as she fiddled with her pigtails.  “Well, there is one thing I can do,” Gallia grinned as she removed one of the serpentine stones from her bracelet.  “I can give you a gift.”
Gallia’s eyes fell to a close as she cupped the stone in her hand.  Within seconds, small streams of a green-hued light flowed from under her grasp.  When the dazzling spectacle had finished, she placed the rough little wonder in my hand.
“There.  Now it will protect you from any earthly or supernatural snake and its venom, whether on land or at sea.  No matter how many diamond fangs it may have,” Gallia bragged with a resolute nod of her head.
I was grateful for the gift, but it made me wonder, Should I honestly have to worry about this “exact situation” happing again?
I felt awkward, like someone had given me a Christmas present and didn’t have one for them in return.
“Would you…like a diamond?” I asked.
Gallia’s eyes lit up.  “REALLY? Could I?”
I was taken aback by her surprise and eagerness.  You would have thought I’d just told her that she’d won the Powerball Lottery.  I nodded slowly, “Yes.  That’s the least I can do for all of your help and generosity.”
I bit my lip and scraped my fingers down into my arm, carving out a small rough diamond — painfully.  All things considered, I felt the need to charge the little diamond with both my psychic abilities, as well as my power-boosting capability.  I knew Tanner’s feelings about the latter one, but in this case, I went with my gut.  As soon as I had finished, I placed the glowing stone in her hand.  Needless to say, the little Serpentine Talisman was thrilled.
“OH, THANK YOU!” Gallia cried out.  “This is really too much.  I just gave you a little ’ole serpentine, but this is something truly powerful.  I’m so honored you would trust me with this.”
Her reaction had me second-guessing my actions.  I knew it would make her powers stronger, but I wasn’t quite sure if I’d done the right thing.
Gallia’s eyes widened.  “Wait!  There’s something else I can give you.”  She quickly plucked an opaque, muted blue stone off her bracelet.  “This is my last one, but please take it.  I think you need it more than I do,” she insisted.
I held up the intriguing milky-blue stone.  “What is it?”
“It’s a chalcedony,” Gallia proudly informed me.  “There are several different kinds, and they’re extremely rare.  No one has seen Rodiam, the Chalcedony Talisman, for over a century.  Personally, I think he’s in hiding.  Both good and evil Talismans desire the magic his stones convey.  Most of them yield dark powers.  Talismans who bear an earth stone love to use their magic to torment their victims.  So, be wary of the white and pink ones.  However, the blue ones are very special.  They drive away evil.  What you do is, whenever you’re attacked, no matter by whom or what, you throw it at them.  The stone’s magic is released when it breaks open, and then they’ll be forced to flee.  I’ve been told they’re excruciatingly painful and quite maddening.  A blue chalcedony won’t kill your attacker, but it binds their powers and prevents them from doing you any harm, so they have nothing else to do but retreat.  I’ve only used one once before on Lorelei.”  Gallia donned a sly smile and let out a giggle.  “I heard through the grapevine that even after her powers returned several days later, she couldn’t get the screams out of her head for a week and her skin flaked off uncontrollably for an entire month!”  She added, “It’s too bad they can only be used one time.  Once their magic is released, they become nothing but dust.  Some stones are like that.”
I had to admit, I liked the sound of this stone.  Surely this will come in handy…considering I seem to have a growing enemies list.
“Thank you, Gallia.  But won’t you need it, in case you run into this Lorelei lady?”
“No, no.  Please take it.  I’ll just be extra careful the next time a full moon rolls around.”  Gallia looked regretful about her disclosure and swiftly pointed to me.  “Just forget I said that last part.”
Before my mind lingered too much on Gallia’s last token of information, Tanner’s voice rang out, “No gifts for me?”
“That’s funny,” Gallia scoffed.  “I think Shiloh and I gave you one — just a few minutes ago.”
Tanner scooped Gallia up and gave her an endearing hug.  Their actions suggested they were genuinely fond of each other, like long-lost friends reunited after years of separation.  Gallia scanned both of his wrists.
“Where’s your serpentine?” she questioned.  “The one I gave you ages ago?”
“Misplaced?” Tanner replied.
“Humph!  Lost is more like it, I’m sure,” she scolded.  Tanner lowered his head and tried to flash his best “forgive me” smile.  Gallia turned to me.  “That’s makes three of my stones he’s ‘misplaced’,” she revealed, wiggling her fingers in the air.
I couldn’t help but shake my head at him for having the nerve to tell Beatrix that she was forbidden to give me another golden topaz and questioning my responsibility.
“Do you still have the amethyst that you tricked me into giving you?”  Tanner crossed his arms and shot the little Talisman a curious glare.
Gallia’s eyes narrowed.  “I didn’t trick you into anything.  As I recall, you lost that bet fair and square.  But as a matter of fact…I do,” Gallia replied as she flashed her bracelet, which held a small amethyst, and shook it in the air purposely.  “I know how to hold on to things!”
I felt somewhat awkward, like a third-wheel as I watched Tanner and Gallia’s playful reunion.  As soon as Tanner’s laughter had subsided, he gave Gallia a scrutinizing look.
“So?  Have you been corrupting my protégée?” he asked.  I wasn’t sure how much of our conversation Tanner had been privy to, but Gallia was clearly offended.
“I didn’t tell her anything I wasn’t supposed to,” Gallia insisted.
Tanner’s brow rose when he noticed the small diamond now in her possession.  “But you managed to persuade Shiloh into giving you one of her diamonds, I see.”  Before I could even come to her defense, Tanner admonished, “Shiloh, something you don’t know is that your stones not only allow other Talisman’s powers to strengthen, but if they fall into the hands of the wrong person, they can be used as a dangerous weapon against you.  Hence the importance of trusting the Talisman you give one to.  Any diamond will sever your skin, of course…but a diamond spawn from your flesh is an extension of the wand — and its powers.  It can be particularly hazardous.  Enough of them can even be deadly.  If you think cutting that little snippet out was painful, you haven’t felt anything like it being thrust back in.”
My heart skipped a beat — actually several of them.  Now I understood why Gallia seemed so surprised by my offering.  This is why he shouldn’t be so damn evasive, I ranted to myself.
“That makes them extremely valuable,” Tanner declared.  “I wouldn’t be passing them around to just anyone.”  He turned to Gallia and winked.  “However, with that said…you couldn’t have picked a more deserving recipient or trustworthy, might I add.”  Gallia began to beam at the sound of Tanner’s accolades until he wittingly jabbed, “Considering she claims an earth stone.”  Gallia glared at him and gave his shoulder a firm whack.
“Shiloh, you don’t have to worry about that.  I would never, ever bestow harm on…”  Gallia hesitated, almost as if she seemed to be weighing her words.  She softly smiled and continued, “…the diamond wand’s new owner.  I promise.”
For some unexplained reason, I believed her.  Maybe it was because I felt a genuine sense of comfort in the Talisman’s presence, or I could have been trying to convince myself that her intentions were pure.  Especially after rushing to hand the diamond over to her in such an ignorant manner.  Heck… It isn’t a piece of daggone chewing gum.
Gallia patted Tanner’s back.  “Well Tanner, now that you’re back to your charming self….I’ll be heading back to the church.  I need to hurry.  You know — damage control.”  She gave Tanner one last hug and walked towards me.
“Shiloh, it was a pleasure to meet you and thank you for the gift.  Don’t be a stranger,” Gallia beamed.
I squeezed her hand.  “I won’t.  Bye, Gallia and thank you.”
Gallia took her foot and imposed a circle on the ground in front of her.  “I have to hurry,” the little Serpentine Talisman announced as she straightened her pink dress and gave the sides of it a quick fluff.  She looked reluctant.  “What a shame.  This is one of my favorite dresses.”
Tanner let out a less than subtle cough.  Gallia shook her head as she tapped her foot on the ground and then let out a grunt.  She yanked a serpentine off her bracelet, charged it in her hands, and then tossed it over to him.
“Try to hold on to this one,” Gallia advised with a curt smirk.
Tanner caught the greenish-gray stone and threw the little Talisman an assertive “I knew you would cave” smile.  With that, Gallia nodded and began to spin vigorously as she disappeared down into the ground.  I jumped back when I noticed a streak of shifting dirt plowing just underneath the surface, headed in the direction of the church.  Every Talisman I’d encountered never ceased in leaving me speechless.  We watched the trail of displaced earth as it faded into the distance.
“And you complain about water,” Tanner quipped.
Straightaway, we trekked back to the spot where Tanner had stashed his Harley.  After pulling out a bottle of sea-salt & water from one of his leather saddlebags, he doused my arm with a stream of the healing mixture and then removed his shirt to tend to his own wounds.  I had to scold myself (again), especially when he handed me the bottle and had me put some on his bare, muscular back.  That took some serious restraint.  But as soon as he started reprimanding me for not having some of the medicinal elixir on my person, I found it much easier to put a tight lid on my churning desires.  With his shirt back on and his chastising lecture complete, we hopped on his bike and zoomed off down the road, headed back to Welch.
The drive was awkwardly quiet.  I couldn’t get a read off Tanner.  He was understandably hushed for someone who’d almost died, but there was something else to his demeanor that I couldn’t quite figure out.
I felt sort of responsible for the severity of his injuries.  I couldn’t stand the thought of witnessing the loss of someone else — this soon — and for some reason, especially him.  Evidently my feelings for Tanner had evolved into more than just an acquaintance.  My heart almost pounded right out of my chest while I sat there helplessly watching him suffer from the poison that had flooded his body.  And I knew it wasn’t because I would have been stranded either.  This guy had found a way into my heart.  There was a definite bond there, at least for me there was.  I couldn’t imagine losing him no sooner than he’d come into my life.  Then again, I did sneak a fast one by him with that punch.  Talk about kicking someone when they’re down.  I hoped he wasn’t too mad about it.  My nerves were frazzled from his little initiation, and I didn’t have a clue as to what sort of danger we’d be in when I’d climbed onto the back of his bike.
What did he expect? I rationalized.  I knew he was trying to give me a taste of what my future would hold, but did it have to be that intense, this soon?
Before long, we were pulling into the parking lot outside the Heritage Inn.  I looked at my watch as we passed under a light post.  Almost ten-thirty.
Tanner parked and in a gentlemanly fashion, helped me off the vintage motorcycle.  He scratched his head and ordered, “Go to school tomorrow… Be a normal teenager.”
A rush of cold air crossed my parted lips.  WHAT?  This is a strange turn of events, I thought as I watched him walk away, headed towards the motel.
“That’s IT?” I asked, astonished.  “That’s all you have to say?”  He never turned around.  Tanner ignored me and kept walking.  “FINE,” I huffed childishly as I stomped off, mumbling a few choice words under my breath.  I was so flustered I dropped my keys on the ground after I’d yanked them out of my purse.  When I rose up, Tanner was standing there, blocking my driver-side door.
“Move!  Go inside and reflect on what a disappointment your protégé was this evening.  Think long and hard about how I almost got you killed.  Sorry to have let you down,” I snapped as I shoved all my weight into him, hoping to push him out of my way.  He didn’t budge.  Not even an inch.
Tanner grabbed my arms and hurled me around against the car door.  His grip was fierce, and his eyes were the most blazing shade of violet I’d seen yet.
“Is THAT what you think?  That I’m disappointed in you?”  Tanner let out a dry laugh as his head tilted towards the sky. “No, Shiloh.  I’m not disappointed in you.”  He took a deep breath and exhaled.  “I’m angry at myself for not realizing how bad things could have gotten tonight.  I underestimated a mere human pawn of the Onyx, and just how far he’ll go in his quest to obtain the wand’s powers.  But Shiloh, your actions more than exceeded my expectations.  Tonight wasn’t about being untouchable.  It was about fear.  You, confronting your fears head on, without any reservations about death, especially in regards to your own.  You have to resolve them.  Even the wand senses you have them.”
My muscles relaxed as I observed the confident, always poised Talisman convey a humanly air of concern.  Once Tanner realized I wasn’t going to put up any more of a struggle, he freed my arms and lifted my chin.
“At no time this evening, were you frightened by the thought of your own death.  That’s something a Talisman, especially you, must live with day in and day out.  This is your life…for now and forever.  I couldn’t have been prouder even if you’d been the one slicing off that bastard’s head.  I KNOW you’re ready for what awaits you.”
After hearing his encouraging words, I reached for his hand and clutched it firmly.
“Thank you, Tanner.”  I was more than relieved to find out he wasn’t disappointed and amazed that I’d actually managed to impress him.
“Granted, you’re still very green and have a lot to learn, but that’s one less thing I have to worry about.”  He flashed a brassy smile and gave my hand an assertive squeeze.
I playfully batted my eyes.  “So you were worried about me?”
He leaned against my Charger and shook his head.  “Don’t push it,” Tanner stated with a knowing grin.  “And don’t think for one second I’ve forgotten about that right hook of yours.  I owe you one.”
“What right hook?” I teased.  “I think you were hallucinating.  You were pretty out of it.”
Tanner leaned in and whispered, “Don’t play with me, little girl.”
 My eyes blazed instantly as I raised my fist.  “Would you like another?”
Tanner stared into my eyes for a moment, while his teeth gently bit into his lower lip.  “No,” he announced abruptly.  “I would prefer to get some rest, and I think you need some as well, so go home.  Tomorrow, you need to take a break and be a normal teenager.  I know you didn’t ask for any of this, but you can’t keep your destiny waiting.  Enjoy one more day of high school with your friends, without complications…because once your powers have climaxed, life as you’ve known it will cease to exist.  Tonight was only a taste of what awaits you.”
Tanner gave my hand one more squeeze before he headed off to room number three, tossing his new serpentine stone in the air as he strutted across the parking lot.
“Bea’s a good teacher, isn’t she?” Tanner called back.  “She taught me everything I know,” he revealed as he unlocked the green metal door to his room.
“Everything except responsibility,” I hollered.  “I wouldn’t have given you another stone.”
Tanner grinned as he disappeared behind the door.  I was still a little ticked about the “topaz thing” and felt the need to air my feelings, officially.  It could’ve really come in handy tonight!
Emotionally exhausted, I hopped into my car and puttered home.  I had to admit I didn’t feel as apprehensive about the unconventional path “my destiny” was dragging me down.  All the reservations I had earlier today, when I’d discovered that the wand was actually a sword, swirled around in my head and kept me company during my drive home.
Maybe I can do this?
I arrived home about twenty minutes later.  I swear you could’ve landed a plane beside the practically “glowing” old farmhouse it was lit up so bright.  Great… I wonder what fresh Hell is waiting for me on the other side of the door?
As predicted, Charlotte and Chloe were wearing out the carpet in the living room, pacing back and forth.  Apparently they were waiting up for me, but I was certain it wasn’t “my safety” that was on their mind.  No sooner than I’d closed the door, Charlotte let out an over-exaggerated sigh.
“Oh, thank goodness you’re finally home!  We’ve been so worried about you, Shiloh!  We both feel awful about the way things went earlier, and how you ran off like that.”
Charlotte was really laying it on thick.  If I hadn’t felt so mentally drained from my adventure in Jolo, I would’ve thrown some popcorn in the microwave and sat down to watch the show unfold.  I couldn’t bring myself to respond to any of her empty words or fake emotions, so I threw her a blank stare.
“I’m tired…and it’s late.  I’m going upstairs to bed.  I can’t afford anymore unexcused absences,” I remarked dryly as I headed up to my room.  I was already halfway up the staircase when Charlotte rushed to the bottom of the steps.
“Lazarus Xcavare stopped by to see you,” Charlotte announced eagerly.  I stopped dead in my tracks.  “He left a check for us — I mean, you a check.”  I whirled around to see my mother holding a small slip of paper.  She held it up proudly and squealed, “It’s incredibly generous, Shiloh.  He offered you FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS!  And that’s just for the mineral rights.  He said you could keep the title to the land and understood why you may have been resistant to the offer, in light of Caiden’s passing.  So?  What do you think?”
I walked slowly back down the steps and looked at the figures scripted on the light-blue slip of paper.  I’ll never see something like this again, I thought confidently.  I sighed and locked my eyes with Charlotte’s as I ripped the check in two.  I threw it in the air as I turned to head up the stairs.
Charlotte snatched my arm.  “PLEASE don’t do this, Shiloh!  Can’t we get past our differences?  Be mother and daughter again?” she begged.
I jerked my arm away and stood there with a look of sheer disbelief.  I’d always wanted that.  There was never a question in my mind about wanting or needing my mother’s love.  But it would be a cold day in Hell before I would ever believe her sudden change of heart was because she truly meant it.
Charlotte pulled something out of her pocket and held it up.  Dangling in front of my face was my little gold locket.  The one she had given me years ago.  The one I had treasured blindly for so long, simply because it was a gift from her.  The one that I now knew was cursed and had been watching over me all these years like a wicked evil-eye.
“You know… The way we use to?” Charlotte added with a coercing grin.
My eyes flared as I took a skittish step backward, away from the ill-fated trinket.  I couldn’t stand the sight of it, especially now.  Automatically, I smacked it out of her good hand and watched it land on the oriental rug at the bottom of the stairs.
“NO!  We can’t!” I replied point-blank and ran the rest of the way up to my bedroom.  I gave the lavender-painted door a solid slam and locked it quickly.
“You’re either CRAZY, or you’re PUSHING YOUR LUCK, SHILOH!”  I could hear Charlotte as clear as a bell.  “He may not make another offer!  I swear I’ll make your life A LIVING HELL if you don’t sell him those rights and give me MY MONEY!  DO YOU HEAR ME?!?”
I reached for my iPod and threw in my earbuds, attempting to tune out her muffled screams.  Once I’d changed into my pajamas, I pulled out Daddy’s shirt.  My phone was charging on my bedside table, so I gave it a quick check before turning in.
No new messages.  Sadly, none from Ty and even more disappointing was none from Katie.  As I clutched my father’s shirt and took a whiff of its scent, I wondered, What will tomorrow bring?  Maybe Tanner’s right about being “normal” for one more day?  Considering all the events of the past week, “normal” was now an unfamiliar concept.  In fact, it felt more uncomfortable than the oddities that had kept me distracted over the past few days.  One lonely tear trickled down my cheek as I cuddled Daddy’s shirt underneath my blanket.
“Normal” was laid to rest several days ago…
That night, as I lay in a deep slumber, I had a dream unlike any other.  I found myself in an unfamiliar place.  It was opulent and seemed almost ancient.  Glistening mosaic tiles, of all shapes and colors, adorned every wall.  Majestic sweeping arches flowed throughout the room, supported by massive stone columns.  Regal-hued fabrics framed the windowless openings and danced gracefully along with a warm breeze that drifted into the room.  A subtle scent of flowers with a hint of spice filled the air.  Lit torches illuminated the serene space with a soft flickering glow.  I looked down and found myself standing in front of an elaborate table where the diamond wand was resting on its surface.  I stood there spellbound, stroking it with my fingertips back and forth, while I watched its brilliant light flow underneath my hand.  It was no longer imprisoned by its rocky cradle and was just lying there, waiting for me to take hold of it.  Before I could seize the wand (which was my destiny), a hand suddenly emerged — a man’s hand.  Soon, two hands wrapped themselves around the wand, one on each of its ends.  They swiftly lifted the diamond from off the table where it lay.  Quickly, I turned to see the face of the man who had taken the wand that was only mine to bear.  Was it Lazarus?  The Onyx?
A stranger stood before me, whose muscular frame couldn’t have looked more robust or chiseled if he’d been carved from a block of marble.  The man’s lustrous brown hair flowed down in soft waves to his shoulders, and his facial features were strong, like that of a warrior’s.  Everything about the striking stranger commanded my attention.  Even his eyes were the most piercing shade of blue I’d ever seen.  I watched as he flourished the wand with several precise, sweeping motions.  The diamond was now fully illuminated and shining with the same intensity I’d seen on the night I had first discovered it.  After giving it a thorough inspection, the strange man looked at me or through me.  I really couldn’t tell.  His eyes were now glistening with white streaks, like bolts of lightning that danced around his pupils.  My instincts assured me that even if he were aware of my presence, he genuinely meant me no harm.
He pulled something out from a leather holster strapped to his side.  When the object came into my view, I noticed it was made of a metal that cast a silvery-blue sheen and a substantial clear stone lay embedded on the tip of its base.  He gripped it snugly in the palm of his hand, and then with one forceful move, the man thrust the long diamond wand into the metal object.
The hilt…
Brilliant rays streaked out the wand in an instant.  The exploding beams were building into the most awesome display I’d ever seen.  Its glow had now engulfed me, blinding my eyes with its vibrant light.  As soon as I sensed the riveting sight starting to wane, I started searching for the stranger.  To my disappointment, he was gone and unfortunately so was the diamond wand.  Both had disappeared right before my eyes.  Hastily, I awoke from my dream to the sound of the alarm clock blaring in my ears.  I rose up in bed thinking, Adamas.  That had to have been him.
The dream lingered in my thoughts while I got ready for school.  Now I had a face to go with the name.  As excited as I was, I still felt somewhat disappointed by the fact that he hadn’t spoken.  Not one word.  Even though I knew the dream was actually a memory the diamond had chosen to reveal, it would have been comforting to know if Adamas was “truly proud” that I possessed the thing he treasured most, just as Gallia had implied.
I placed my three little stones inside the pocket of my jacket, grabbed my purse, and made a mad dash out the door.  Within seconds, I was sitting in my Charger and cranking up its engine.  Charlotte came running out of the house as I pulled out, waving a frying pan full of eggs in her hand and yelling something about breakfast.
Don’t tell me that she cooked!  I shook my head.  It was going to take a lot more than burned scrambled eggs to forgive her for all the harsh words and cruelty she’d inflicted upon me over the years.  However, what Charlotte failed to see was that nothing she could ever do would get me to reverse my decision about the land.  Especially selling off the mineral rights!  I’d overheard Chloe telling her last night that she would stay home from school today to “comfort her”.  Realistically, my little sister probably couldn’t face the embarrassment of returning to school after she’d shot off her mouth about how “RICH” she was going to be.
When they finally get it in their heads that nothing will change my mind, I may have to add a few more names to the growing list of “People Who Want Me DEAD.”
I checked my watch.  It was only six o’clock, but I had to get to school early, so I could report for morning detention — thanks to Charlotte!  I still had plenty of time to grab something to eat before it started in thirty minutes.  The Kwik-Serve was up ahead on the right.  My stomach let out a long, rolling rumble as I pulled into the busy parking lot.  The small convenience store was packed with miners filling their thermoses to their brims with coffee, buying sacks of doughnuts, and fixing their sausage biscuits, which were stacked in a warming cabinet located at the rear of the store.  I managed to squeeze through them and snatch one for myself before they were all gone.  After I’d grabbed a small container of orange juice, I pushed my way up to the front register.  The crowd standing around waiting to pay for their food was even rowdier than the masses back at the biscuit counter.
While I waited my turn, I heard the sound of the store-bell ring out, announcing yet another customer’s arrival.  A stout rush of air flooded the store.  Normally, the burst would be chilly and tend to feel somewhat stimulating in the morning.  But it felt oddly warm to my surprise.  The next thing I knew, an unexpected twinge of anxiety prickled the back of my neck.  I turned to the door and peered around the huddled group of miners to locate the source of my unease.
My eyes shot open.  A man had just walked in, and by his appearance, he was definitely not from around here.  His hair was long, down past his shoulders, and so jet-black it flashed hints of blue under the store’s fluorescent lights.  His skin looked like it hadn’t seen the sun in years.  You could actually count the individual hairs from the black stubble on his face because of how it contrasted with the paleness of his skin.  The steely, rough man reeked with an intimidating aura as he surveyed the interior of the store.  He was draped in a long black leather coat and donned matching knuckle-less riding gloves on his hands.  A cord tied snugly around his neck held a muted reddish-orange stone that pressed firmly against his Adam’s apple.  He removed his shiny aviators to reveal a pair of eyes so brown they were almost black.  As he approached the crowded counter, I spotted streams of gray light swirling within their dark-brown cores.
I ducked down behind one of the miners and listened quietly.
“I’m looking for the Riverside-Pocahontas mine.  How far is it?” the gruff-looking stranger asked in a deep, raspy voice.
An elderly man instructed him to, “Stay on the road outside and it’ll be up ahead on the right”.
This stranger was no ordinary man.  I could sense something from him.  Something odd and very foreboding.  He was obviously here to see Lazarus.
This can’t be good…
I placed my items back on the counter and proceeded to sneak out of the store.  If I can sense him, what’s to keep him from doing the same to me?  It wasn’t that hard for Gallia last night.  I remained crouched as I weaved my body through the crowd.  One of the miners almost stepped on my foot, forcing me to shift towards the eerie man.  I accidently brushed the creepy stranger’s backside, causing the unsettling feeling to intensify.  I ducked behind the crowd of men and glanced back to see if the stranger had any sort of reaction.
The man sensed something.  He scanned around the room vigilantly, like an eagle-eyed hunter at the close of deer season.
Crap!  He seemed to be trying to lock-on to the source of his strange feeling.  Definitely not good…  My eyes panned over to the store’s exit.  I had a clear shot to the door, but I had to be quick — like supernaturally quick.  I took a deep breath, readied my keys, and flew out the glass-paned door.  I was pulling out of the parking lot within a second.  As I squealed off, I spotted the stranger, who was now outside and standing in front of the store.  I couldn’t be for sure, but he appeared to be eyeballing my Charger.  My heart pummeled my insides like a drum, keeping tempo with my quick and heavy breaths.
That was close!
I raced the entire way to the school’s upper parking lot.  I was bursting to tell Tanner what had just happened.  Morning detention wouldn’t start for fifteen more minutes, so I didn’t have to rush inside.  I pulled the amethyst out of my pocket and grasped it tightly.  I’d only been instructed on how to communicate with other Talismans, so the process was unfamiliar to me.
Hell — I have to give it a shot.
With my eyes closed, I directed my thoughts to Tanner.  The vision I conjured was a detailed image of the eerie stranger, making sure he could see and feel him, just as I had.  I focused on his dark appearance, the reddish-orange milky stone he wore, the warm sensation he radiated, and the alarming feeling that besieged me when I’d accidentally touched him.  I closed with a timid, “Over and out.”  I really didn’t know how else to end the transmission.  I wasn’t working with a CB radio.  It was telepathy.  I couldn’t necessarily holler, “10-4, Good buddy”.
I marched into the office and signed in for morning detention.  Mrs. Tuttle apparently felt sorry for me in light of Daddy’s passing.  Instead of forcing me to drudge over a huge stack of busy-work, which had been graciously provided by all of my teachers, she said I could help her shred paper and file a bunch of folders.  It wasn’t so bad.  At least it kept me busy.  But I was in no way distracted from my unnerving thoughts about the mysterious stranger.
As soon as I’d wrapped up my detention-duties (or free slave labor, as I called it), I headed off to Mrs. Thompson’s classroom.  With any luck, Katie would already be in there and I could beg for her forgiveness.  I hadn’t returned a single one of her calls over the past few days.  I wasn’t avoiding her, just the topic of Daddy’s passing.  After all, she was just worried about me.  Katie was being a true friend.  I, on the other hand, had been too focused on distracting myself that I’d completely shut her out.
Not here yet, I noted with disappointment as I poked to my desk.  There were already several students seated around me.  Normally the room would be very boisterous, filled with the chattering voices of my peers.  However, I found today’s ambiance strange.  I’d heard voices when I arrived, but they quickly dwindled down to whispers.  A sense of paranoia set in as I looked all around.  Several clusters of students had formed, and they all seemed to be chatting — while inconspicuously staring at me.
What the heck is THIS about?
My head started to pound from the sound of their faint giggles.  Without the slightest reservation, I tuned out my ears and flipped the switch on my telepathic mind.  After scouring a few of their brains, I got my reason “why”.  Apparently the rumor-mill hadn’t stopped churning in my absence.
Crap… Well, I asked for “normal”.  What’s more normal than your classmates gossipin’ about you behind your back?
Riley Myers whispered to several girls,

I still can’t believe she’s making
a play for both of them.
Especially when Mike is her
own sister’s boyfriend!
What a slut!
I guess she’s not so
“innocent” after all.

I turned away and clinched my fists.  I didn’t want to give them the satisfaction of knowing how pissed I was.
Then Hannah Franklin was next.

Wonder which one of them was with
her at the Heritage Inn last night?
I heard her car was parked there…
for SEVERAL HOURS!

That’s just PERFECT!  How could they even insinuate something like THAT!  Ugh!  I felt more comfortable last night in the pews of a snake-handling church than I did in here.
At least the snakes there were obvious and not disguised as friends!
I sat there and listened to every nasty, fabricated rumor.  I was so mad I could have hurled more than just dirty looks at them, but I tried my best to remain as calm as possible.
Katie will be here soon… Class will start in a few minutes and they’ll have to shut up!  I can get a good forty-five minutes of peace then.  Overwrought with embarrassment, my mind began to roam.  Until I hit the hallway, and then my next class, and then the next, and the next, and eventually the cafeteria…  I could feel myself beginning to slump in my seat.  Shit… This is going to be a very long, “normal” day.  I was already upset, and I knew without a doubt, that “today” would surely test my emotions.  I’d left my sunglasses at home.  I didn’t think I would need them, but I couldn’t wear them in class anyway.  I would be forced stay on guard and lock away all of my feelings for the entire school day.
Hopefully they won’t accidentally “see them” in my eyes…
Katie finally entered the classroom when the bell rang.  Her reaction to my presence was not what I’d expected — it was far, far worse.  My BFF hurried to her seat directly in front of me without even a “screw you”.  Katie then shoved her backpack underneath her desk with a dramatic “thump” and scooted it up a few inches, well away from mine.  I started to tap her shoulder when she unexpectedly let out an overly-exaggerated grunt.  Stunned, I retracted my hand.  Mrs. Thompson soon instructed us to open our textbooks to page 238.
Katie’s actions made it more than obvious as to how she felt and what she was thinking.  No telepathy was required — nor desired.  I didn’t want to hear or feel them.  I was too ashamed and knew I deserved every last one of them.  If we weren’t so emotionally-connected, I could probably brainwash her into giving me a full reprieve.  But truthfully, I wouldn’t compel her forgiveness even if I could disconnect myself from her.  Not Katie.  I loved her too much to do something that sneaky to my best, bosom friend.
Oh well, I reflected quietly with a dismal sigh.  At least I get my “forty-five minutes”.


Chapter  20  —  Cold Shoulder

The next three periods were pretty much a repeat of the first.  Literature, Government, and Geology should have been renamed “Gossip”, “Stares”, and “Giggles”.  Fourth period was by far, the absolute worst.  Katie was still ignoring me.  I’d actually forgotten how long that girl could hold a grudge.  I had to sit beside Mike, which brought forth one of the foulest looks from Kara Leighton I’d ever seen.  But my most abysmal moment had to have been when I entered the classroom and saw Ty sitting at his desk.  He shied his head down and said absolutely nothing.  I couldn’t even concentrate on Ms. Fitzpatrick’s lecture.  Over and over, I thought, Please don’t let him have heard where my car was parked last night!  This was one of those times when I wished Welch wasn’t such a daggone small town!  No matter what you did or how careful you were, “news” traveled fast, but “bad news” ALWAYS beat you home.
With all the rumors running rampant, surely my need to question Mike after class about his memories regarding last Saturday night would only add fuel to the fire.  But it had to be done.  I needed to know if he remembered anything at all.  Though I still found it extremely difficult, I tried not to blame him for being possessed.  It wasn’t directly his fault that he’d prevented me from getting Daddy help.  The Onyx was simply using his body to kill me.  I knew my misguided thoughts were fueling my anger towards the cocky jock, so I would have to keep my cool.  After all, Lazarus was the one who killed him.  Plus, I didn’t want a huge argument to drum up speculations of a “lovers quarrel”.  That was the last thing I needed!
Students were up and out of their seats at the sound of the bell, hurrying to exit.  Mike attempted a quick getaway, but I managed to catch his attention with a firm nod directed towards a door in the back of the classroom, which led into one of the science labs.  Nice and private.  I went on ahead and waited patiently for him to follow.  Once everyone was out of Ms. Fitz’s class, Mike slipped into the lab and laid his backpack on one of the black tabletops.
“Look, if this is about all the rumors going around about you and me, just so you know, I didn’t have anything to do with them,” Mike insisted.
“I couldn’t care less about that,” I snapped.  “I want to know what you remember about last Saturday night?  Particularly, when you took me by the mine to meet Daddy.”
Mike started fiddling nervously with the straps on his backpack.  “I don’t know.  I don’t remember much about that night,” he confessed.
I watched him step closer.  It put me on edge, seeing how the last time we were all alone like this, his hands ended up around my neck, trying to choke me to death.  Naturally, I heightened my guard.  I still wasn’t one-hundred-percent sure the so-called “Onyx” couldn’t pop back into him at any time.
Mike appeared apprehensive, but I didn’t know about what exactly.  His brain wasn’t really saying anything.  It just felt like a big, knotty ball of confusion and crap.  I needed to probe him some more.
“You don’t remember anything?” I quizzed.  He shook his head.  Now I was annoyed.  “How did you get home?” I demanded.
“I don’t remember!” Mike yelled and slammed his hands down on the table.  He could tell by the look on my face that I wasn’t in the mood for any attitude.  Mike composed himself quickly.  “Sorry, Shiloh.  I’m just really frustrated.  Hell — You’d think I’d gotten drunk or something by the way I woke up the next morning.  My head was throbbing like I was hung over, and my whole damn body ached.  But what was really weird was that my hands were red and throbbing, like they’d been burned or something.”  Mike noticed the not-so-surprised look on my face and grabbed my shoulders.  “Do YOU know what happened to them?” he asked anxiously.
I jerked away.  You wouldn’t believe me if I told you.
“What’s the last thing you remember?” I asked.
Mike took a deep breath.  “Driving you to the mine…and it was snowing pretty hard, but everything else is a blur.”
I was getting nowhere.  “So, you don’t remember anything else about that night?”
“I remember someone put a damn snake in my car, and Ty and I got into a fight,” he added.
“Is that it?”
“No,” Mike insisted as he leaned in closer.  “I remember I thought I was the luckiest guy in the world to have you on my arm.”
My bottom lip fell to the floor.  How freaking long does it take for the effects of a damn ruby to wear off?  Please tell me he didn’t just say that!
The next thing I knew, Mike’s eyes were closing, and he was leaning in to kiss me, totally misinterpreting my open mouth as a daggone invitation.
Crap!
Suddenly a loud, “UGH!” blared behind us.  His attempt to steal a kiss was interrupted before I could even push him away.  I turned to spot Kara Leighton standing in the doorway.  She was the one who’d let out the bitchy grunt.  Promptly, the fuming redhead spun around on her heels and stormed off in a cloud of pure hell-fire and hate.
I stomped my foot on the floor and scowled.  “That’s freakin’ PERFECT!” I snapped and snatched my backpack to make a quick exit.  No telling who she would blab to first about the compromising position she’d just found us in.
I have to stop her!  Maybe I can compel her like I did the waitress?  Mike grabbed my arm as I was trying to leave.  I took a calming breath to restrain some of my rage and whacked him smack on his head.  “SNAP OUT OF IT!” I scolded with a grunt and then bolted out of the science lab.
Please don’t let her tell ANYONE, especially Ty — Crap!  CRAP!  CRAP! 
Kara wasn’t in the hallway, so I raced for the stairwell and scanned every classroom as I flew down the hall.  WHERE IS SHE?  I hurried downstairs to the floor where the senior lockers were located.  I searched through the sea of students, but she was still nowhere to be found.  It instantly dawned on me — The Cafeteria!  I slung my things in my locker and hauled ass across campus.
Unfortunately I was too late.  The little redheaded witch had half the cheerleading squad huddled up in the middle of the cafeteria.  All of them shot me vile glares as I approached and then quickly dispersed around the lunchroom like busy bees, buzzing from table to table to spread the latest fiery hot gossip at the request of their queen.
I stood there helplessly paralyzed.  All I could do was watch while they spewed their wicked distortions around the room.  What starts off as something innocent like an interrupted “attempted kiss” takes no time to turn into getting caught “mid-screw” — especially with those gossip trolls!  One by one, everyone’s eyes fell on me from all directions, and the looks they threw cut like a jagged knife.  Sadly, even skin with the invincibility of diamonds could neither block their sting, nor the painful sentiments behind them.  I watched Kara sashay proudly over to the table where Ty was sitting with some of his teammates.  He appeared to be scanning the room for someone and didn’t see her approaching until she had plopped down beside him.  Kara flashed me a devious grin.  Oh, she wanted me well aware of whom the next recipient of “the news” would be.  I couldn’t bear to watch so I turned away, shamefaced.
It just so happened that my eyes fell upon Katie, who looked like she had just heard the “latest scoop”.  To my surprise, she appeared concerned.  She looked over to see Kara whispering in Ty’s ear.  Katie’s eyes searched desperately around the room until she spotted me standing in the middle of the cafeteria.  I wasn’t sure, but it seemed that even though she was rightfully put out with my recent behavior, her eyes began to soften.  I hoped what I saw was genuine, and that it wasn’t just wishful thinking on my part.  In the midst of my social-demise, I truly needed what mattered most — my best, bosom friend.
The sound of irritating crackles began to blare from the intercom, and then Mrs. Tuttle’s voice announced,

Shiloh Wallace…
Please report to the main office…
You have a visitor…
Shiloh Wallace to the main office.

If there was anyone whose eyes weren’t on me already, they sure were then.  Awkwardly, I hurried to the side exit and bolted across campus.  Well, at least I have a reason to get out of there.  Any longer and they’d have sewn a red “S” to my chest, and rest assured, that monogram wouldn’t stand for the first letter in my name!
As I approached the building that housed the main office, my curiosity kicked in and my mind began to whirl with speculation.  Maybe it’s Tanner?  I wasn’t sure if he’d received my message.  It wasn’t like he had “returned my call.”  It has to be him.
When I grabbed the door handles, the cold metal hitting my hands forced an alternative thought to emerge.  What if it isn’t Tanner?  What if it’s LAZARUS?  I released the handles like I would a scalding pot on a stove and stared at the door in silence.  I stopped breathing.  He did stop by the house looking for me last night.  I’m sure he called Charlotte this morning.  She probably told him that I ripped up the check.  OH NO!  IT CAN’T BE HIM!
Once inside, my pace slowed to a calculated creep.  Every step that carried me closer to the office made my heart pound harder and faster.  I lingered just outside the door, hoping to make out any voices coming from inside.  All I heard was Mrs. Tuttle fussing at some students.  While I stood there plastered up against the cold cinder-block wall, my eyes were drawn over to the school’s massive glass trophy case standing directly across the hall.  I could make out a few images in the room from the reflection in the glass.  I waited with bated breath for my visitor to be revealed, though no one of any interest ever passed by the door.
Without warning, Principal Harless shot into view and stepped out into the hall.  No sooner than his loafers hit the speckled terrazzo tiles, his boisterous voice swiftly made my undisclosed location known.
“Ah, there you are, Shiloh.  You have a visitor inside.  Mustn’t keep him waiting,” Mr. Harless blared as he patted my arm and then marched off down the hall.
So much for the element of surprise, I affirmed as I stood there, locked in a flinch.  Surely whomever “he” turned out to be, was now well aware of the fact that I was right outside the door.  I took a deep breath and reluctantly stepped into the office.
“Finally,” a familiar voice called out.  “I was about to head off to work.”
Every tense muscle in my body immediately relaxed.  Samuel.  I could have melted right there on the floor.  I ran over and hugged him like I hadn’t seen him in years.  It was nice to spy at least one face actually smiling at me and not looking back with any sort of judgment or scorn.
“What are you doing here?” I asked in a somewhat shaky voice.
“I came by to check on you.”  Samuel noticed I appeared rattled and continued, “…and I think I was right on the money, too.  What’s going on?  Is it too soon for you to be back?”
I pulled Samuel off to the side.  “It wouldn’t be so bad if I weren’t the talk of the school,” I whispered.  “It’s been kind of rough today, what with all of the whispers and stares from everyone.”
Samuel looked confused.  “What are they whisperin’ about?”
I really didn’t want to repeat any of the “distortions” to him verbatim.  Too embarrassing.
“Let’s just say the whole school has gotten the wrong impression about things that happened at the dance between me and Mike…and Ty.  That’s all I’m going to say.”
Samuel patted my back.  “Oh, Shiloh… There are worse things in the world than high school rumors.  Don’t give ’em a second thought, honey.  Don’t let ’em bother you.”
I couldn’t help but agree with his “worse things in the world” declaration, especially after my adventure last night.
“I know,” I acknowledged with a sigh.  “I’ve been trying to put them out of my mind, but it’s kind of hard when EVERYONE is gossiping about you.”  I wasn’t sure how it worked when Samuel was my age, but the high school rumor-mill kept up with the times.   Not only did you have to put up with the usual nasty chatter and hurtful scribbles, whether etched into lockers or penned on the bathroom walls, but the texts, emails, Facebook postings, tweets, and the occasional video uploaded to YouTube were enough to send any teen into a social-coma.  Any other time, I’d let something like this simply roll off my back and not give it a second thought, but after the week I’d just had — Can’t I catch a freakin’ break?  The thought of a student-wide brainwashing sounded really appealing.  If things didn’t get any better, I’d have to ask Tanner exactly how that would work.
“I’m sure it’s not everyone,” Samuel contended.  “You teenagers and your drama.”  He shook his head and let out a laugh.  “Katie wouldn’t gossip about you.”
I lowered my head in shame.  “No, you’re right.  She’s not gossiping.  She’s too busy ignoring me for not returning any of her calls this week.  She’s pretty ticked — and I deserve it,” I affirmed, while the promise I’d made to him about “not shutting people out” socked me straight in the gut.
Though Samuel didn’t say it, the I-told-you-so look he shot me was sufficient in getting his point across.  “Katie may be hurt, but she still loves you, Shiloh.  It’ll pass.”  He grinned and added, “Once you’ve apologized to her, of course.  Just wait and see.”  Even though I appreciated his assuring words of wisdom, I really wanted to get off the subject.
“Hey, why are going into work so early?” I asked.
Samuel’s smile quickly faded.  “There’s been some safety issues…or rather, concerns that have been raised by Xcavare Enterprises.  Mr. Riverside wants all the foremen present at the meeting.  The sale won’t be official until they’re addressed.”  Samuel leaned closer and whispered, “If you ask me, I think he’s trying to back out of the deal.”
“Why do you think that?”  I already knew the answer to that one.  He thinks he knows where the wand is, so why does he have to buy something he doesn’t need?
“The mine hasn’t had any serious incidents in well over a decade, but Lazarus Xcavare is having his team check on every safety citation over the past forty-three years and going through the mine with a fine-tooth comb.  I overhead Mr. Riverside’s attorney telling him that even though the contract was signed, any safety violations would make it null and void if they were found before the waiting period was up.  That’s by five o’clock tomorrow afternoon.”  Samuel raised his brow as a curious look crept across his face.  “What’s got me puzzled is why he wants to buy Shiloh Ridge if he’s trying to get out of purchasing the mine?  You wouldn’t happen to know, would you?” Samuel asked with a funny look in his eyes.
“Samuel…Lazarus Xcavare isn’t buying Shiloh Ridge,” I grinned and added, “He can’t.  Its rightful owner isn’t selling.”  Strangely, my surrogate father didn’t seem the least little bit surprised.
“I figured as much,” Samuel added with a knowing grin.  His subdued reaction on the porch the other evening suddenly made sense.
“You knew she couldn’t sell it.  You knew Daddy left it to me.  Didn’t you?” I deduced.
“Yep,” Samuel confirmed as he scanned me from head to toe.  “Your mother must’ve not taken it too bad.  You’re still in one-piece.”
I rolled my eyes.  “Oh, she took it bad all right, but she’s delusional enough to think that a few random acts of motherly kindness will change my mind — Not a chance!” I insisted with a harsh laugh.
While we stood there amused by the mental image of Charlotte playing the loving role of Mother-of-the-Year, Coach Hayes clomped into the office carrying a stack of files.  He carelessly tossed them on Mrs. Tuttle’s desk and sidled over beside us.
“Oh, Wallace,” Coach Hayes remarked with a smirk.  “I heard you were back.  You’re a pretty popular girl today.”
My scowl wasn’t nearly as obvious as Samuel’s.
“Easy, Earl,” Samuel growled as he gave Coach Hayes a purposeful, firm nudge.  “You don’t want to get me started on rumors, now do ya?”
Thankfully, Samuel’s derisive innuendo shut him up.  Coach Hayes looked a bit edgy as he huffed out of the office.
“Are you talking about my mother?  The lonely grieving widow?” I whispered in a low grumble.
Samuel nodded.  “I’m sorry you found out about it, honey.”
I shook my head.  “I don’t see why Daddy put up with it all of these years.”
Samuel patted my back.  “Shiloh, there’s always a reason behind someone’s actions.  Caiden chose to stay.”
I hesitated.  “Did Daddy know about the others?” 
Samuel lowered his head.  “I’m afraid so.  Shiloh, your father and I told each other everything.  Trust me.  He knew.”  Samuel looked over at the clock.  “I’ve got to be headin’ down the road, honey…but don’t you pay any attention to those rumors and keep your chin up.  Don’t let those fools see that it bothers you.”
“I won’t,” I replied half-heartedly.  The rumor-mill was just the icing on the cake.  Realistically, it was all the other layers that had me worried.  My world had changed basically overnight, whether I liked it or not.  My mortality was what concerned me the most.  I just wished my return to school today could have offered me some sort of comfort, instead of bombarding me with bullshit at every turn.
Samuel didn’t look convinced.  “Now, are you sure there isn’t anything else that’s been bothering you?  Anything else you want to get off your chest?” he stressed.
“Nope,” I fibbed.  “Just trivial high school stuff.”
“All right… If you say so.  After all, you would never lie to me,” Samuel remarked as he headed out of the office.  He paused in the doorway and in a serious voice added, “Remember what I said, Shiloh.  Your father told me everything.  There were no secrets between us.”
I started to mull over what Samuel had mentioned about his bond with Daddy no sooner than he’d left — particularly the part about “secrets”.  It really wasn’t what he’d said I found peculiar, but rather how he had said it.
I wonder if Daddy ever told him about the wand?  He knew about the land.  Is it possible Samuel knows about that, too?  He seemed suspicious about something.  It sure sounded like his admission was more of an insinuation than a general fact.
I glanced at the clock.  Since there were still five more torturous minutes before lunch period would end, I decided to have an impromptu chat with Mrs. Tuttle to bide some time.  Regrettably, all she wanted to talk about was Daddy’s passing.  Her kind words were touching, but I could have done without the grief counseling.  Yet another in-your-face reminder that Daddy is gone, but she means well.  The bell rang before long, beckoning fifth period.  I snuck back to the cafeteria to grab a protein bar and a Diet Coke from the vending machines.  I still hadn’t eaten anything today, and my stomach was roaring like an angry volcano about to erupt.
I poked back to my locker.  I wasn’t in any hurry to head off to the girls’ locker room to change for gym.  Cooped up with those witches in a confined room while I got undressed — No thank you!  I opted to hide out in a nearby restroom to scarf down my modest lunch and kill-off a few more minutes.  Once I’d felt enough time had passed, I headed for the gymnasium with my head held high (but that was so I wouldn’t see any sneering faces along the way).
Just as the second bell rang, I ran in to find the girls separated on one side of the gym, already lining up to play volleyball.  The guys were assembled on the other, hitting the mats for some more wrestling.  Coach Hayes looked none too pleased about my fashionably late arrival.
“Get changed, Wallace, and get on your team’s side!” Coach Hayes yelled as he gruffly motioned me to the team opposite Katie’s.  He had placed me on Kara’s side of the court.  I sulked into the locker room, eyes rolling.  This day just keeps getting better and better…
I was changed and back out on the gym floor in just under two measly minutes.  I kept my eyes focused on the side where the girls’ volleyball game was about to start.  Since I was still on everyone’s rumor-radar, I didn’t want anyone catching me looking towards the mats.  Surely they would think I was trying to catch a glimpse of Mike.  Even if I’d wanted to look at anyone, it would have been Ty.  Sadly however, after the latest round of gossip (courtesy of Kara Leighton), I feared he probably didn’t even want to be in the same room with me.
I jogged over to my team’s side and took a spot on the rear row.  Kara glared at me throughout our entire first match, no matter what position she held.  We lost, mostly because she was more interested in tossing me dirty looks than smacking the volleyball over the net.  My contribution to the game was flawless.  Everyone noticed too.  I even overheard some of the guys waiting to take their turns on the mats making various comments about my “tight” athletic skills.  The fact that I thought of Kara’s face every time I smacked the ball paled in comparison to the power the wand had given me (but I thought the mental image couldn’t hurt).
We were about to start our second match when I noticed Ty and Mike taking the same mat from out of the corner of my eye.  I didn’t need any telepathic powers to clue me in on their intentions.  Their scathing body language was blatantly clear.  Ty looked like he could rip Mike’s head off without even blinking.  Mike’s cocky attitude didn’t help matters.  That snide grin of his alone was enough to egg Ty on as they assumed their positions.  You couldn’t cut the tension in the air around them with a knife (though a chainsaw would’ve hit it just right).  At the sound of Coach Hayes’ silver whistle, they were on top of each other and rolling around like a pair of wild junkyard dogs.  No sooner than one had the other close to being pinned, they would break free and then turned the tables on the other.  They went back and forth like this for a good while, each time with increased ferocity.  Though the score appeared to be tied, this was no friendly high school gym match.  It was obvious that this rowdy bout wouldn’t be over even after someone’s shoulders were successfully pinned.
This was a déjà vu moment if there ever was one.  I was too focused on their little grudge match to realize that my team had been trying to get my attention so they could start the next game.  Soon, they too were engrossed in watching the match unfold into a savage brawl on the other side of the gym.  Mike was even sneaking in a few illegal moves.  Coach Hayes didn’t seem to care.  He couldn’t have been more oblivious to Mike’s “choke hold” or even the blow the star quarterback drove into Ty’s back if he’d tried.
What gives?  This is high school wrestling, not a WWE smack-down.  Even the guys on the sidelines were all riled up and picking sides as they chanted for their intended victor.  Mike managed to throw his knee into Ty’s chest, and still Coach Hayes said nothing.  I doubt the word “penalty” even entered that pea-brained head of his.  Suddenly, Mike hooked one of his elbows behind Ty’s knee and the other behind his head.  Once Mike felt he had a firm lock, the cocky jock began to slide his knee up for his final move, inevitably leaving Ty pinned.  With Mike’s knee planted firmly against Ty’s back, he began to rock Ty onto his shoulders.
Fortunately Ty was incredibly agile (he proved that on the dance floor last Saturday night).  When Mike went in for the kill, Ty arched his frame high off the mat, shifting all of his weight back onto his shoulders in one swift maneuver.  Mike’s cradle-hold broke when Ty threw all of his weight forward.  He landed firmly on his feet in a low squat and then swooped around in less than a second.  Ty grabbed both of Mike’s legs, just as the cocky jock tried to rise into a countering stance.  Before Mike realized what was happening, Ty pounced on top of him and drove his shoulder blades down onto the blue mat.  At the sound of Coach Hayes’ whistle, half the class erupted in cheers for Ty.  The other half seemed dissatisfied the match had ended without bloodshed.
In the midst of all the excitement, Mrs. Tuttle’s voice began to blare over the gymnasium intercom.  “Coach Hayes…” she announced.
“Yes, Mrs. Tuttle,” he groaned, clearly ticked-off by her interruption.
“There was a problem with the forms you dropped off,” Mrs. Tuttle replied.
Coach Hayes brow furrowed.  “What’s wrong with them?” he snapped.
“They weren’t filled out properly,” Mrs. Tuttle griped back.  “You need to come by the office and sign them in the correct places if you want them to go out in today’s mail.”
Coach Hayes grunted.  “I’m heading your way.”
On his way out, he called back, “Guys, take a break.  Girls, get back to your game.  You’ve wasted enough time standing around gawking!”
The loud “bang” from one of the gym doors slamming prompted most of the girls to hurry over and take their sides for the next match.  I remained where I stood, still somewhat baffled as to why Coach Hayes let Mike get away with so many underhanded moves.  Mike was still lying on the mat and scowling at Ty while his eyes trailed him into the guys’ locker room.
Several of my teammates waved me over to join them.  I reluctantly resumed my position on the back row, but my head wasn’t in the game.  My instincts told me that this tiff between the two of them was far from over.
I served the ball and tried to keep one eye on the game and the other on Mike.  The match became so intense that I found myself distracted by several hard drives the other team kept sending my way.  After lobbing the ball back across the net and scoring another point, I resumed my surveillance, but oddly Mike was nowhere to be found.
Where did he go?
I soon spotted Mike coming out of the guys’ locker room.  As he strutted onto the gym floor, I noticed his face looked flushed and he had an overly boastful air about him, but Ty was still nowhere to be found.
Ty should be out here by now.  Where is he?  I turned my attention back to Mike, who seemed to be wiping something off his hand.  I looked closer.  It was blood.
“Hey, Shi-HO,” Kara yelled out.  “Are you going to serve the ball or what?”  Several of the girls erupted into laughter over her cutesy little pun.
My head whipped around quickly.  I threw Kara a sweet little smile and swiftly served up the ball — right into her face.  She fell to the floor in tears.  While the girls on my team huddled around her, crying from the harsh sting, I ran over to Mike.
To heck with what THEY think!
“What were you doing in the locker room, Mike?  Where’s Ty?” I demanded gruffly.
Mike said nothing, but he looked guilty as hell.  He started to walk away when I grabbed his arm.  A vision surfaced.  He didn’t have to say a word.  His mind had already told me everything I wanted to know.  Mike had snuck up on Ty while he was at the fountain getting a drink.  He had grabbed him by the back of his head and slammed it into the steel basin.  Then Mike pulled him back and punched him in the face.  Even after Ty had hit the ground, Mike kicked him in the gut several times.  When Mike saw my appalled look, he snatched his arm from my grasp and turned to walk away.
I flew into a rage.  I was already struggling with trying not to take my anger over Daddy’s death out on him and dealing with all the rumors floating around about us, but unfortunately this unexpected turn of events forced my “final straw” to snap.
I ran to catch up to him and tapped him on the shoulder.  Once he had turned fully around, I drove my right fist into the center of his face.  At the sound of the sharp “crack”, I knew instantly that I’d broken his nose.  He let out a whiny moan as he hunched over to cover his face.  I wasn’t about to let him catch his breath.  After all, he didn’t extend Ty that courtesy.  I raised my leg, and with one powerful (but somewhat restrained) blow, I planted it in the side of his abdomen.  I tried to control my freakish strength, but I was pretty sure I ended up cracking a rib (maybe two) as I sent him hurling across the gym floor.  The rush of adrenaline kept my guilt at bay as I thought, My bad.
By this time, a crowd of students had formed around us.  I heard Kara yelling for someone to stop me as I marched over to scoop Mike up off the ground.  I glanced over at the guys.  Several of them jumped back.  I hoped it was because I looked intimidating and not startling.  I’d accidently let a small stream of white swirl within them for a brief moment (I couldn’t help it).  Either way, not one of them even gave the notion of pulling me off him an insane second-thought.  Most of them were standing there wide-eyed and open-mouthed from the shock of what they were witnessing.
I reached Mike to find him rolling around on the floor.  I stood over him and waited until he was on his feet.  I took a deep breath and grabbed him by his shoulders.  At that moment, Coach Hayes reappeared to witness me slinging Mike into the bleachers, where he landed in the fourth row.
“WHAT IN THE HELL IS GOING ON IN HERE?!?” Coach Hayes roared.  He stood there flabbergasted at the sight of his star quarterback being tossed around like a football — by no less, a “lowly girl”.  He ran over to check on a very bloody and battered Mike Riverside.  The gym remained silent.  “WALLACE!  Explain yourself!” Coach Hayes demanded.
I didn’t say a word.  As I focused my attention on an extremely pissed-off Coach Hayes, all I could think was, He had it coming.
“Mike just jumped me in the locker room,” Ty declared.  I whipped around to see an equally stunned Ty Smith rushing to my defense.  Aside from the dumbfounded look on his face, he looked relatively okay.  His nose was a bit bloody, but his appearance paled in comparison to Mike’s.
“If that’s so, then why aren’t YOU the one out here,” Coach Hayes posed in a doubtful tone as he paused to shake his head and added skeptically, “…beating him to a PULP?”
That was a good question.  Ty was still too shocked to come up with a logical answer or at the least, a good lie.  After a few seconds of silence, Ty proposed, “Look, Shiloh’s been through—”
Coach Hayes was in no mood to for Ty’s excuses or my newfound muteness.  He interrupted Ty and jumped right in my face screaming, “I don’t care if your father did just die!  You’d better tell me what in the Hell has gotten into you!”
I could feel small drops of his spit spraying my cheeks, but I remained still while I watched his nostrils flare up and down like a bird flapping its wings.
“GET YOUR STUFF, WALLACE!” Coach Hayes ordered.  “You’re SUSPENDED until further notice!”
I turned and hurried into the locker room.  The “old me” would’ve been devastated by such a harsh strike on my permanent record.  However, the “new and improved me” didn’t really give a rat’s ass at the moment.  At least I can get out of here.  I need an early break from “normal” anyway…
I was changed and back out the door in an instant.  My adrenaline continued its vehement surge as I stomped across campus.  I was still pretty wound up from my altercation, but I felt good about the beating I’d just served up to Mike.  All I could think about on the way to my car was how Coach Hayes had absolutely no response to Ty’s announcement that Mike had attacked him.  He didn’t even care that their wrestling match — that “HE” had let get so out of hand — had played a small part.  Still raging with anger, I gave my car door an extra-hard slam.  I cranked my engine and squealed off down the hill thinking, There’s one for the rumor mill.  “Chick pummels star quarterback” — Glad I could contribute!
I headed straight through the middle of downtown Welch along McDowell Street, without a clue as to where I was heading.  I didn’t want to go home and have to deal with Charlotte or Chloe.  I had no idea if Tanner was at the mine or not.  I still hadn’t heard from him.  Beatrix would probably be there finishing out her last week in the office.  I wasn’t the least bit hungry.  Nothing to do but drive, I thought restlessly.
Now that I was away from “normal” and alone in my car, I was starting to calm down.  I felt the old me surfacing.  Even though Mike deserved everything he had gotten, I rationalized that a lot of the force behind my blows may not have been entirely warranted (despite me holding back about ninety-five percent of it).
I didn’t have to crack his ribs like that.  Though, I could have very easily shattered them.  Maybe I should’ve held back a few more percent?  I knew that was true.  As I came to a halt at Welch’s only stoplight located in the center of town, a familiar feeling started to churn.
Crap!  Here it comes — The guilt!
I found myself fidgety as I sat there at the red light.  Wrought with remorse, I kept telling myself, Mike will be okay.  He’s a quarterback.  He’s taken plenty of hits.  No matter how hard I tried to reassure myself with optimistic thoughts, nothing seemed to help alleviate any of my guilt.  I let out a shame-fueled sigh as I stared listlessly out the front windshield.
At times like this, Karma could always be counted on to deliver a courteous, retaliation blow.  And that was what I knew to be true when from out of nowhere, an unwanted sight popped into my view.  The dark stranger who was at the Kwik-Serve this morning was crossing the street in front of me.  My eyes flared when the man stopped abruptly.  He started looking all around, seeming confused by something.  The eerie man slowly turned my way.  His dark-brown eyes peered into my car and locked with mine.
Not good…
Startled, I jumped and accidently hit the center of my steering wheel.  A loud “honk” blared from my car horn, but the stranger never flinched.  He just stood there, even after the light had turned green.  He seemed engaged by something he sensed, and I was pretty sure I knew what that something was.
Who in the heck IS this guy?
Several cars behind me blew their horns, signaling for the stranger to clear the road, but he wasn’t budging.  Instantly, the dark man threw me a nasty sneer.
What’s he doing?  Or worse, what’s he thinking about doing?  I looked over to see Officer Pete Ryan standing beside one of Welch’s police cruisers parked in front of the town’s central garage.  I revved my Charger, hoping the stranger would clear my path, but that only made his lip curl more.  The swirling flecks of the ashy-gray colored light were intensifying in his eyes.  My gut was telling me to “get out of here” and fast.  He was no ordinary man and clearly on some kind of mission that I was afraid involved me, as well as the diamond wand.
I could run him down.  I’ve already committed battery today.  What’s a little hit and run?  I’d make Officer Ryan’s day.  He’d finally get to arrest me.  That would save Karma the trouble of finishing me off.
The stranger turned to head for the driver-side of my car when Officer Ryan stepped away from his cruiser and started walking towards him.
“Hey, buddy!  You need to keep moving!” Officer Ryan advised him sternly.
The stranger glowered at the town cop for a moment.  He finally followed with a reluctant gait because Officer Ryan had threatened to “physically” escort him to the sidewalk.  Oh, I knew this creepy guy wasn’t the least bit intimidated.  He just didn’t want to cause a supernatural-scene.
My wheels screeched as I peeled off down the road.  I glanced into my rearview mirror.  Officer Ryan was waving his fist in the air at me, but I was more interested in what the eerie man dressed in black was doing.  I peered into the mirror again, carefully trying to keep from veering off the road.  His eyes never left me for a second, watching me like a hawk until I disappeared from his sight.
I became consumed with panic, followed by paranoia.  Who the Hell is he and what does he want?  Surely there’s a reason why he threw me that dirty look?  He had to have sensed “something”.  I was afraid the same thing that revealed his identity to me had given mine away to him.
I hurried to the Heritage Inn to find Tanner.  He wasn’t there.  On a whim, I headed over to Beatrix’s house.  Maybe she got off early?  I arrived a few minutes later to find no signs of anyone being at home.
Crap…
I sat there and twisted my ponytail while I contemplated my next move.  I still didn’t want to go home and deal with Charlotte.  Anyway, if the stranger were connected to Lazarus, surely they would put two and two together and could easily track me down there.  I couldn’t drive around town aimlessly for the rest of the afternoon.  I was bound to run into the dark man again.  I certainly couldn’t stay parked here — alone — especially not out in the open like a sitting duck with a target on my back.  The ideal place was somewhere public and full of people, where I could blend in until Tanner contacted me.
The perfect place popped into my head — the Sterling Drive-In.  I could conceal my vehicle with the other parked cars and hide out in the kitchen.  Charlie would appreciate the help, and I could sure use the money.  I laughed to myself as I pulled onto the road, headed for the Sterling Drive-In.  That’s funny.  I just tore up a check for fifty million dollars and I’m excited about $5.00 and hour, plus tips!
To my delight, I arrived to find the Sterling Drive-In hopping with customers.  There were plenty of cars in the lot, which would help conceal my vehicle.  I dashed in through the side employee entrance and slung my things in my usual locker.
As I breezed past Charlie’s office, I spotted Naomi Perkins chatting on the phone.  She was one of Charlie’s older waitresses.  Around forty-five, I thought.  She was the only person at the Drive-In I truly liked working with, aside from Charlie.  Naomi was tall, sassy, and had the thickest head of hair I’d ever seen.  I wasn’t sure what the correct name for its color was, since her multi-hued locks contained a natural mix of dark blonde, light brown, and even flecks of red.  She had always affectionately referred to it as “piss-burnt blonde”.  Secretly, I suspected there was something going on between Charlie and Naomi.  I’d caught them passing flirty looks back and forth during their shifts on SEVERAL OCCASIONS.  Why they didn’t just come out in the open with it was beyond me, but to each his (or her) own.
Naomi popped into the hallway.  “Hey girl,” she called out.  “Whatcha doin’ here?  Charlie told me he gave ya the week off.  Don’t tell me he asked ya to come in.”
“No, Naomi.  I wanted to.  I um…I need the money,” I replied.  That wasn’t a lie.  “I’m just going to help back in the kitchen, if that’s okay?  I still don’t want to be around people, if you know what I mean.”
Naomi leaped over some boxes and gave me a big hug.  “I understand, darlin’.  When my pappy passed, I didn’t want to see or talk to no one!  Daggone everybody reminded me of him.”  She gave me a firm peck on the cheek and added, “If there’s anything ya need, just gimmie me a holler.”  She turned to the mirror hanging in the hall and gave her boobs a quick lift & shift.  “Gotta go work on those tips,” Naomi called back as she sashayed out the side door.  Tickled by her brazen gesture, I shook my head and smiled as I turned to step into the kitchen.
Charlie was shocked to see me.  “I told you to take the whole week off, Shi.  What are you doing here?” he asked.  Before I could even answer, he glanced at his watch and added skeptically, “School’s not out yet, is it?”
“Not exactly,” I answered evasively.
“What do you mean by, ‘not exactly’?” Charlie probed while he chopped up a head of lettuce.
No since in beating around the bush.  The news of Mike’s ass-kicking will hit the Drive-In by the time the dinner-rush rolls in.
“I mean, school’s not out yet…but for someone who just got suspended for fighting it is,” I confessed.
Maybe I should have omitted the “fighting” part.  I felt awful watching Charlie slice his finger open at the startling notion that I, “Miss Sweet & Innocent”, not to mention, “easy-going & tolerates most everyone”, just got into a fight at school.
Charlie quickly wiped the blood off his finger with a damp towel and wrapped it in some gauze he kept handy for such emergencies.  He shook his head and resumed chopping.
“With who?” Charlie asked.  “Was it Kara?  I didn’t want to say anything, but that girl has run her mouth about you all week.  I told her last night that I’d had enough of it and sent her home early.  I told her that she could come back when she learned some manners.”  Charlie had a proud look in his eyes.  Thankfully someone in this town besides Samuel had my back.
“No, it wasn’t Kara.  It was Mike…Mike Riverside,” I blurted.
I was going to have to take some lessons on tact.  At the release of my victim’s identity, Charlie carved another one of his fingers.
“Shoot, Shiloh!  I’d better not let you tell me anymore.  I’m kinda fond of my digits.”  He wiped off his middle finger and wrapped it in the same fashion as the other one.  “YOU got into a fight with the town’s golden child?”
I lowered my head and nodded.
“Do I have to ask who won?” my curious boss inquired, looking like he had his fingers mentally crossed.
“It wasn’t a fair fight,” I muttered.  Charlie tilted his head back, like he was preparing himself for my answer.  “I did.  He never stood a chance,” I assured him.  The news floored Charlie.  Good thing he’d put down the knife.
“So?  You’re on the lam… You don’t want to go home… And you’re wantin’ to hide out here.  Is that about right?” Charlie posed with wise smile.
I flashed him a shameful grin.  “That’s the plan.  Just for a few hours in the kitchen, if that’s okay?  I could really use the money too.”
“Say no more,” Charlie replied.  “Throw on an apron and grab a hairnet and some gloves — Rocky.”
“Thanks, Charlie.  You don’t know how much I appreciate this.”
The Drive-In stayed steady for the rest of the afternoon.  It was almost 6 o’clock, and the dinner crowd was now pouring in.  Thankfully the parking lot never appeared empty or even slightly bare.  My whereabouts seemed to be well under wraps.
Naomi came bustling behind the counter.  “Hey, Shi.  I need two Mountain Man burgers with the works, one with fries, the other with rings,” Naomi rattled off as she handed me her order ticket and whirled around to head back out.  The sassy server stopped abruptly and spun back around.  “Oh, and um…there’s a guy outside askin’ ’bout ya,” she announced, sporting an odd look on her face.
“Did he say who he was?”  I asked as I ran over to the front window, hoping it was Tanner.
“No,” Naomi replied.  “He just wanted to know who drove the Charger parked outside and where they were.”
No sooner than she had finished her sentence, I caught a glimpse of my inquirer.  I gasped and quickly ducked out of sight.
Damn!  It’s the stranger…


Chapter  21  —  Hail Mary

Startled by my reaction, Naomi followed my lead and hunkered down right beside me.  “Umm… I take it ya know the guy?” my sassy and now eager-to-know shadow inquired.
I stared at her with a blank gaze, not knowing what to say about why my shaky frame was now down here on all-fours.  My silence stirred her pot of intrigue even more.  I grabbed her arm when she started to rise and swiftly yanked her back down.
“In a roundabout way,” I finally replied.
Crap!  He knows I’m HERE!  What am I going to do?
“What did you say to him?” I asked, knowing that any attempt to escape hinged upon her answer.
Naomi hesitated.  “Nothin’ really,” she replied.  “I didn’t give him your name, but I did tell him it belonged to one of our carhops.”  The color began to drain from my face as I sunk even lower to the floor.  “Did I say somethin’ I shouldnta said?  Who the heck is he?”
Naomi kept rattling off questions, but my mind was whirling too fast to answer.  I needed a plan.  I had to get out of here.  Taking my car was out of the question.  I would have to do it on foot.  I turned to her as my strategy began to take form.
“Naomi, I need you to go out there and distract him.  He CAN’T see me leave,” I stressed.  “My car’s parked near the side entrance, so you need to get him to move away from it.  Could you do that for me?”
Naomi gladly agreed.  “But who is he?  What’s he wantin’?”
That was the only thing about sweet ’ole up-for-anything Naomi Perkins.  She tended to be a little too nosey for her own good.  Think of something.
“He might be here to umm…repo my car.  I’m late on a few payments.”  That one was more than a stretch.  Sucky-bad, in fact.  An old ’69 Charger?  That was my father’s first car when he was in high school… Seriously?
Naomi sprang up like a private who’d just received their marching orders.  “Enough said,” she nodded.  “I HATE those bastards!  I’ll get ridda his good for nothin’ rear!”
Well, it wasn’t “gold”, but she bought it.
Naomi looked around the lot and threw me a smile.  “I don’t see a tow truck.  Maybe ya don’t got nothin’ ta worry ’bout?”  She quickly headed out the door to create a diversion while I hurried to grab my things.
Quietly, I pushed open the side door, just a fuzz.  The stranger was still there, hovering like a hungry buzzard around my car.  I spotted Naomi gathering up a tray from off a royal blue Mustang parked beside it.  The sassy server whipped around purposely and crashed into my stalker — spilling the leftovers all over him.  It was evident by his scowl.  He was not happy.
I thought she might just flirt with him a little, but that works, too… Good diversion, Naomi!
“Look what you did you stupid, BACK-WOODS TWIT!” the creepy stranger raged as he tried to wipe off the mess.  His long, intimidating black leather coat now looked like something a preschooler would bring home to tack up on their mom’s fridge, what with all the ketchup, mustard, and milkshake splattered and smeared all over it.  His rubbing just made it worse.  My hands flew up to cover my mouth.  I couldn’t help but giggle.  Naomi’s performance was quite entertaining.
“I’m sooo sorry, Sir!” Naomi exclaimed.  “I don’t know where ma head’s at this evenin’!”  She took him by the arm.  “Here, sugar.  The little boys’ room’s this-a-way.  Let’s see if we can’t get ya all spiffy again.”
“I’ll do it MYSELF!” the creepy stranger growled as he jerked his arm away from her.  “DON’T touch me!”
The stranger disappeared from my view, bound for the restrooms on the other side of the Drive-In.  Naomi kept her eyes on him and then made a subtle “okay” gesture with her hand.  I waved bye and waited until she was out of sight.  When the coast was clear, I dashed into the woods behind the Drive-In with breakneck speed and headed as far away from here as supernaturally possible.
The light was fading around me as I barreled up and down the dark, mountainous terrain.  I couldn’t even take pause to enjoy the last few minutes of the blazing sunset lingering in the sky.  I had to keep moving, though I still didn’t have any idea where I was going.  There were too many clues as to who I was, and where I would likely turn up.  Home was definitely out of the question.  One thing was for sure — I had to find Tanner.
Where is he and what could be keeping him?
The sun had now officially set, and the night sky looked like another starless sea of black.  I could vaguely make out my surroundings, but the farther I traveled the more confident I was about my location.  Up ahead, a bright cluster of lights hailed my eyes.  The football field.  I slowed to a halt and decided to hang back amongst the trees, safely out of sight.  Sure enough, there was Golden Knights Stadium, nestled in a small clearing between two mountains.  It looked like their practice was winding down for the evening.  Guys were pouring out of the team’s locker room, headed straight for their cars.  They had one more game to play next Friday against Logan High before their season would officially come to a close.
This doesn’t seem like a bad spot.  I could hang out here for a bit.
While I gazed down at the field, my guilt began to rear its ugly head.  Our team would have to play without Mike, their star quarterback.  No offense to Tommy Reynolds, the team’s backup, but he passed a ball like he was playing pin the tail on the donkey.  Hit or miss.  And Mason Evans, their third stringer, had as much “skill” as a bag of hair.  The team’s undefeated season would surely come to an end.  I couldn’t let that happen, even if it was Mike.  I would have to heal him before next Friday night, no question about it — at least his internal injuries.  But not for him — for our school, as well as the town (and YES, to alleviate some of my guilt).
That is, if Mike will even let me near him again.
From out of the corner of my eye, I spotted something moving around the edge of the field.  Ty.  He was running laps.  I looked over at the team’s locker room.   Everyone had cleared out.  Ty appeared to be the only player left.  I was still nervous about what to say to him, but knew I really needed to say something.  There was so much I wanted to clear up.  With all the crazy things he’d witnessed, surely he had to think I was nuts.  Kara’s nasty rumors probably had him thinking I was a slutty nut.
I told myself, Suck it up and get down there.  What’s the worst that could happen?  My voice of doubt quickly spoke up and urged, He might not be able to kick your butt, but he sure could rip out your heart!
I threw caution to the wind and hiked down through the woods until I came to the top row of bleachers on the visitors’ side.  Slightly overheated from my run, I slipped off my jacket as I slowly trotted down the metal steps.  The entire stadium was quiet, so the vibrations from my movements alerted Ty to my presence.  He had just made another sluggish lap around the field, but his pace quickened the second he spotted me.
Ty stopped on the field, huffing and puffing.  He didn’t look too bad considering Mike had slammed him face-first into a stainless-steel water fountain.  Even slightly swollen and bruised, his hotness couldn’t be denied.
“Shiloh?  What are you doing here?” Ty asked.
Since he seemed more surprised than anything else, I took that as a good sign.  I couldn’t necessarily tell him the real reason, so I opted for partial disclosure.
“I need to talk to you,” I announced.  “About all the crazy things people have been spreading around — about me.”
“Just the rumors, or are you going to fill me in on some of your ‘crazy’ behavior?” Ty questioned.
Crap!  He does think I’m nuts.  Without hesitation, I stared aimlessly at the field, avoiding any and all eye contact.
Ty hopped over the chain-link fence and climbed up the bleachers.  He was by my side before I knew it.
“I didn’t mean to upset you,” Ty said as he gently turned my face to his.  “But this has been one crazy week, don’t you agree?” he asked matter-of-factly.  “I know the past several days have been rough, but I wanted you to know I was here, if you needed me.  I sent you a couple of texts, but you never answered them.  I thought I might get a chance to talk to you after the funeral, but you disappeared.”
There was no denying anything he’d just said.  Straightaway, I tossed my things onto the bleachers and sat down.
“Where do you want to start?” I asked with a compliant sigh.
Ty flashed me a curious grin.  “Seriously?”
“Fire away,” I insisted and motioned for him to sit.
Ty started to lower himself down, but he paused abruptly.  “You’re not going to run off, are you?”
After a direct roll of my eyes, I grabbed his arm and then jerked him down beside me.
“I guess I’d better,” Ty acknowledged with a grin.  “I’d hate for you to kick my ass.”
I flashed an uncomfortable smile.  I suppose I deserve that one.  He seemed to want to make Mike topic Number-One.
“What was up with that anyway?” Ty asked.
“I was just giving Mike a little payback for what he did to you,” I replied defensively.
Ty nodded and smiled.  “Yeah, but…how did you know what he did?  You weren’t in the locker room.”
Think fast…
“No… But I saw him wiping some blood off his hand when he came out.  Good assumption?”
Let’s see how that one flies…
Ty let that one roll around for a few seconds.  “Okay, maybe… But Shiloh, when I got to the gym floor, you didn’t just shove him like a typical girl —um, no offense— you tossed him like you were throwing a wadded up paper ball into a trash can.  There was no effort.  I couldn’t have done that.  Not even with the weight-training program I’m on.”  He continued to shake his head.  “HOW did you do it?”
“A rush of adrenaline?” I replied innocently.
By the look on Ty’s face, I could tell he was fighting a battle between wanting to believe me, and his own skepticism.  I knew what side I wanted to win.
“Possibly,” Ty speculated.  We sat for a moment in silence.  I assumed he was debating about “what to ask next”.
Ty nudged my shoulder.  “You know, I heard his nose is broken.”
I cringed on the spot.
“Oh, and a couple of his ribs are cracked too,” Ty continued, forcing my head to lower in shame.  He patted my back.  “Don’t beat yourself up over it.”
I shook my head and pursed my lips after hearing his playful, yet warranted jab.
“Personally I think his busted lip looks the worst…especially with that missing tooth,” Ty added.
Without delay, I whipped my head around. “I didn’t lay a finger on his mouth!” I insisted.
Ty grinned.  “No… But I did.”
My mouth dropped open.
“Come on, Shi.  I had to get in at least one jab for the way he jumped me like that.  Why do you think I’ve been out here runnin’ laps for the past two and a half hours?” Ty bragged.
We laughed for a moment.  I found it much easier to find some humor in it now, especially since I’d resigned myself to the notion of healing Mike to clear my conscience.  But I’ll let him suffer with his injuries…for a few more days.
Soon our amusement dwindled, and we found ourselves sitting in awkward silence.  The handsome jock seemed to be wrestling with something else he wanted to ask.
“So what’s next on your list of talking points?” I blurted.
Ty raised his brow.  “Um, about last Saturday night…”
I nervously awaited his question.  Is he going to bring up the fact that I ran off, right as we were about to kiss?
“I’m still curious about…the rattlesnake,” Ty stressed.
I breathed a silent sigh of relief.
“I think it’s more than just a coincidence that two huge rattlers had their sights set on you, on the same day, don’t you?” he speculated.  I was unquestionably quiet, and he picked up on it.  “Especially since you said that Mr. Estell was in Bea’s neighborhood staring at you.”
I tried to muster my best clueless and innocent look.
“You know he’s a member of that snake-handling church in Jolo, right?” Ty remarked.
He was, I mused to myself.
“I think he did it,” Ty charged, “but I haven’t figured out why he would.”
I needed to play this one off — fast.  “That’s an interesting theory,” I pondered aloud.  “But what would he have against me?  I don’t even know the man.”
“Beats me,” Ty replied.  “But the next time I see him wandering around Welch, I’m planning on asking him.”
I don’t have to worry about that happening.  Ty noticed me shudder and draped his arm around my shoulder.
“Don’t worry.  It won’t happen again,” Ty vowed.
How sweet.  He’s thinking that I’m scared, when I’ve been sitting here trying to get the image of Mr. Estell’s severed head out of my mind for the past few seconds.
“Oh, I’m not worried,” I interjected confidently.  Ty just sat there and shook his head.
We hadn’t addressed any of the rumors floating around yet.  Maybe he wants to save the “best for last”?  I couldn’t take the suspense, so I decided to broach the subject.
“Ty, I’m not sure what Kara told you today, but—”
Ty interrupted, “Shi, I know how rumors fly around the halls at school.  I was always told to believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.  But I’ll admit at first, the thought of you and Mike kis—”
Now it was my turn to cut him off.
“We did not kiss!” I insisted emphatically.  “He may have gotten the wrong idea and leaned in to kiss me, but it NEVER happened!”  I made repulsed gesture.  “The thought of Mike Riverside going down in my mental memory book as my ‘first-kiss’ makes my skin crawl!”
Ty seemed both surprised and intrigued by my “first-kiss” confession.  Maybe I should’ve omitted that part, I thought, sitting there feeling utterly embarrassed about my gaff.
Ty grinned.  “I can certainly relate to Mike on that one.  He’s not the only guy you’ve shied away from when it comes to that.”
Now I was really getting uncomfortable.  I hadn’t intended to run off from Ty, far from it, but I still couldn’t openly reveal what had happened.   The evening was full of insane premonitions.  They had my mind so jumbled as to what was real and what was yet to be.  However, I was sure of one thing — from the moment he led me onto the dance floor, I knew exactly where I wanted to be…in his arms.  I jumped up and started to walk down the bleachers.
“Is that the same reason why you ran away the other night?  Did the thought of kissing me make you feel like that?” Ty questioned.
My eyes widened as I spun around.  “No,” I replied adamantly.  Upon hearing and observing my rigid response, a beaming smile emerged on Ty’s face that sent my cheeks straight into a flush.  “I didn’t run off because of anything like that.  I swear.”  I hopped off the bottom step of the bleachers and began to stroll around the field.
Ty laughed.  “You’re running away right now,” he called out.
I turned and hinted a playful grin.  “No, I’m walking…and did anyone say you couldn’t follow?”
I watched as he rose from the stands and started to head my way.  I continued to walk along the outside edge of the field at a slow pace.  Ty quickly caught up with me.  We strolled around the football field in silence.  As soon as we had reached the end zone, Ty jumped ahead of me and reached around to grab the chain-link fence, blocking my path.  I had no other choice but to stop.  As I looked up at him, I spied the reflection of the stadium’s bright lights dancing within his dreamy blue eyes, heightening their sparkle.  My heart began to race, and I felt my flush exploding into a full-on glow.
“How do you feel right now?” Ty asked softly as he leaned closer.
My heart was now pounding right out of my chest, but I tried to play it as cool as possible.  He had a curious, yet sly look about him.  He knew I wanted him to kiss me.  My body language had sent him that message, loud and clear.
“You won’t know until you try,” I suggested, rather boldly.
Ty leaned closer, but he paused and pulled back slowly.  He grinned as he looked down at his sweat-stained tracksuit.
“Let me run in and hit the showers.  It’ll just take a second, okay?  Just wait here.”
“Okay,” I replied as I tried to subdue the goofy smile creeping across my face.
Ty jogged over to the team’s locker room and stopped as he pulled open the door.  He turned back around and called out, “I’m serious — DON’T run off!”
I assured him with a flirtatious, “I won’t.”
My enthusiasm took hold as I watched him disappear into the team’s locker room, and my smile was no longer containable.  Even my emotions were running rampant.  Without realizing, I was clutching the top bar of the chain-link fence, trying to balance myself.  I felt excited, nervous, and even somewhat giddy, like this was a dream.  After the day I’d had, if someone told me that I would be alone with Ty at Golden Knights Stadium, about to finally take part in one of a girl’s rites of passage, I would’ve thought they were crazy.  I smiled as I thought about how resistant I was to being “normal” for a day.
I did need this after all…
My mind lingered with thoughts of a freshly showered Tyler Smith emerging from the locker room.  The vision of his wet tousled hair and the faint scent of Acqua di Gio cologne, which I’d smelled on him many times before, was undeniably intoxicating.  I felt myself getting more aroused with every passing second.  I tried to calm down, but that was next to impossible with the reality of handsome and hard-bodied Tyler Smith probably showering off at this very moment.  However, my daydream came to an abrupt end as soon as I heard someone behind me clearing their throat, quite crossly.
“WALLACE!  Suspension from school includes ALL school property,” the familiar voice scoffed.
As I stood there staring out at the field, my hands automatically tightened around the top rail on the metal fence.  Coach Hayes… So much for a perfect evening!  He was the last person I wanted to see (with the exception of Lazarus and my newly-acquired creepy stalker).  I kept my back turned so he couldn’t see the disgusted glare in my eyes.  Son-of-a-Bitch…
“I’m waiting on Ty.  I’ll be gone before you know it,” I assured him.
I could feel his approach, but I remained still.  He was now propped against the fence, standing right beside me.  My pouty stare fell to the ground.  Why did HE have to come along and ruin this perfect moment?
“You know, I don’t particularly care for punishments like suspensions,” Coach Hayes acknowledged.  “I’ve always been a big believer in something else…”
I really couldn’t have cared less about anything the surly old coach had to say, but the fact that he never finished his thought and was now silent struck me as odd.  Curiosity got the best of me.
“Oh yeah… What’s that?” I asked, undeniably flippant and tilted my head his way.
As soon as he turned towards me, I caught a subtle whiff of a peculiar odor, and his face darkened on the spot.
“An eye for an eye,” he roared in a menacing voice.  Coach Hayes’ eyes were now as black as night.  My nostrils flared from the pungent stench of sulfur, and in less than a second, my eyes exploded with streaks of white light.
Oh Shit!  The Onyx!
The next thing I knew, the Onyx had locked his stinging grasp around my neck and then he swooped me off the ground.  I tried desperately to break free from his vicious chokehold, but his painful clasp was wickedly unyielding.  Without any effort, he catapulted me over the fence, where I crashed into the goal post.  The crushing blow threw me for a loop.  Dazed, I found myself lying in a mangled mess of metal.  The force of the strike, combined with my indestructible bones, had twisted the goal post into an unrecognizable shape.
Before I could get to my feet, the possessed body of “Coach Hayes” had already scooped me up and sent me flying across the field.  I crash-landed in the Home section’s metal bleachers.  Though my bones and skin were still intact, I was in a lot of pain from being knocked around with the amount of force the Onyx was using.  The press box was just a few feet above me.  I turned to spot my fiendish attacker charging into the stands.  Speedily, I jumped up and raced towards the side door of the structure, praying it was unlocked.  It wasn’t, but I opened it with a swift kick and hurried inside.
There were several loud “bangs” on the door.  I’d managed to lock it, but it took all of my strength to keep the Onyx from busting through.  In a sudden and unexpected turn, the relentless pounding ceased almost eerily.  I stepped away from the door and waited for the Onyx to make his next move.  I didn’t even breathe.  My eyes scanned around the narrow, dimly lit space.  The lights from the football field were streaming only a small amount of light into the press box.
I sucked in a harsh rush of air when suddenly the outdoor field lights went out.  My eyes narrowed as I slowly crept towards the long window that spanned the dark room.  I couldn’t see much.  The only lights that remained were the ones at the opposite ends of the field, illuminating the locker rooms and the concession stand.  There wasn’t the slightest movement of any kind, and the Onyx was nowhere to be found.
Anxiety wrenched my nerves as I scanned the field.  I wasn’t fairing very well against my cunning assailant.  I looked over at the locker rooms and pictured Ty’s astonishment when he stepped outside.  He would be helpless against the supernatural being’s attack.  Surely this thing couldn’t leave any witnesses after killing me.  I had to get back out there.  Something struck my shoulder blade when I backed up, forcing me around.  It was a wooden ladder that led up to a small door in the roof.  I looked out the window one last time and then clamored up the ladder, pausing to unlock the latch.  Gradually, I raised the hatch while I kept a watchful eye on my surroundings.
Without warning, I was yanked the rest of the way out of the press box and thrown down onto the roof.  The Onyx had anticipated my next move and had been waiting for me the entire time.
The body of “Coach Hayes” lunged at me.  The Onyx’s grasp was A LOT more formidable than I remembered.  No doubt about it.  The diamond’s energy was intensifying my assailant’s powers, causing the pain to be nothing less than unbearable.  We soon found ourselves locked in a violent game of tug-of-war.  Our bodies rocked back and forth while he tried his best to keep me pinned.  Not only did I have to muster all of my strength to defend myself, but I also had to mentally block out the excruciating pain from his slightest touch.
One of the Onyx’s hands broke free from my hold.  Not a sad second later, the hand of “Coach Hayes” was driving his college football ring into the left side of my face.  The diamonds on the ring were able to penetrate my skin.  My face was stinging from the brutal gash, and I felt blood flowing down my cheek.  I clenched my teeth and let out a long grunt, in an attempt to muffle my screams from the searing slash.  I couldn’t let Ty hear me.  After all, there was nothing he could do to stop my supernatural attacker.
As my anger swelled, so did the sky.  Suddenly, thunder began to roar around us and the clouds stirred with fury — mine.  Just as Tanner had revealed the other day, my temperament could unexpectedly trigger a storm.  I focused vehemently on the swirling sky and felt the power of the lightning’s fierce current churning above.  I used what strength I had to hone in on its energy and summoned a large bolt.  As it came barreling towards us, the Onyx abruptly released me and rolled away, safely out of the bolt’s path.  When the lightning struck, the explosive blow caused the roof to collapse, and I went crashing down into the press box.  Quickly, I brushed off the rubble as I rose to my feet and hurried out the door.  There were no signs of the Onyx.  I raced down the bleachers and looked all around.
Where is he?
With a vigilant eye, I hopped over the chain-link fence and headed towards the center of the field.  I spun around and scanned the entire stadium.  Though I felt undeniably exposed out there on the 50-yard line, I figured I could at the least see the Onyx’s next blitz coming and eliminate any unexpected surprises — this time.
I summoned another bolt of lightning, which I caught and kept ready to cast if needed.  I continued to survey the field in all directions, confident that the Onyx had escaped unscathed but still optimistic.
Could the lightning’s force have made him retreat?  Maybe the Onyx felt threatened?  The mistake of underestimating my attacker could be disastrous, so I kept up my guard.
I heard a noise coming from the locker room.  I spun around to hear a thumping sound resonating from the door.  Ty.
“Shi?  What the Hell’s going on out there?” Ty yelled as he banged on the door.  “THE DOOR’S LOCKED!”
Without a doubt, he’d heard the ruckus going on outside.  I hesitated.  I had to get him out of there, but I wasn’t sure if it was safe, not to mention, how the heck I was going to explain what had happened to the football field.
Cautiously, I headed towards the locker room.  A jolting vibration under my feet stopped me dead in my tracks.  From out of nowhere, a mound of earth appeared, humped up under the turf in the end zone that lay directly in my path.  It was horrifyingly clear what it was.  The Onyx.  Like Gallia, the Onyx was an earth stone.  He’d been under the ground waiting for me the entire time.
Confidently, I hurled the bolt of lightning at the mound of earth.  I watched, now wretchedly disappointed, as the blast of electricity had no effect on him.  The mound of turf and dirt began to swiftly rise and was heading straight for me.  The Onyx was deep underground and obviously well-protected.  I quickly turned to run in the opposite direction.  I rallied another bolt while I dashed down the field and then turned to sling it at the mound that was tunneling towards me like a high-speed train.
Shit!  NOTHING!  I’d hit the spot on the ground directly, but the Onyx remained on course.
As I approached the end zone, I zeroed in on the standing goal in front of me.  The aluminum goal post had to have been set several feet under the ground.  I had a plan.  Once I’d reached the end zone, I leapt up onto the cross bar and conjured up one more bolt.  This time, I aimed it at the goal post.  When the lightning struck, the metal carried the hazardous volts of electricity deep under the ground.  I held on and watched as the ground under me erupted into a large explosion.  A horrifying scream roared out as I witnessed the Onyx flying up from underneath the earth in a cloud of dirt, turf, and dust.  The very filthy body of “Coach Hayes” had been thrown backward, towards the middle of the field.  With the sounds of Ty trying to bust out of the locker room echoing in my ears, I hurried towards the other end of the field.  Coach Hayes’ body was lying face-down on the 50 yard-line — smack in the center of its painted Golden Knight emblem.  As I approached, the Onyx scrambled up off the ground.  I gasped when he turned around.  Coach Hayes’ body was badly battered, singed, and very bloody.  Immediately, I realized whatever force I used to attack the Onyx would inevitably kill Coach Hayes.
The Onyx let out a menacing laugh.  I watched as the ailing body of Coach Hayes staggered around me in a circle.
“You know what I want,” the Onyx bellowed and continued to cackle.  “I’ll give you one chance to save this man’s life.  I can feel his heartbeat slowing.  Surrender the powers of the wand to me, and I’ll let him live.  You don’t want his death to mar your soul?  Do you?”
The Onyx’s proposal was out of the question.  I couldn’t just hand over what I’d been told was “the most powerful weapon on earth” to him, but I couldn’t let Coach Hayes die either.  Hell, my conscience was reeling with enough guilt about the injuries I’d inflicted on Mike Riverside.  I couldn’t imagine how horrid I would feel living with the fact that I’d been indirectly responsible for an innocent man’s death.  Granted he was a prick, and he’d been screwing around with Charlotte behind Daddy’s back, but even with all that, I found myself faced with a terrible dilemma.  Instantly I thought about Daddy, and how he had died trying to protect me, and the wand from being discovered.  Even he knew how important it was for the diamond not to fall into the wrong hands.  My head lowered as I resigned myself to the fact that I would go to my grave with Coach Hayes’ possible death weighing on my soul.
I guess there’s always therapy, I pondered with a hefty twinge of skepticism.
I lifted my head.  “Not possible,” I replied firmly.
The Onyx’s laugh intensified.  The sound of Ty’s persistent bangs on the metal door rang out.  The Onyx looked towards the locker room and then redirected his stare back at me.  The cold, black eyes of “Coach Hayes” rolled around as he sneered.
“Fine by me…but maybe after I discard this body, I’ll occupy one you do care about.”
My eyes exploded in a panic.  Ty… The Onyx would surely possess Ty to get to me.  Shit!  Where the Hell is Tanner?  Or even Bea?
I let out a sigh, making the Onyx well aware that he’d hit the right button.  There wasn’t a foreseeable option.  I shifted restlessly while I pondered the ramifications of what I was about to do.  There wasn’t a doubt in my mind that whatever evil and mayhem ensued from surrendering the wand’s powers, it would be irreversibly horrific and Daddy’s death would have been in vain.  While my eyes roamed around the stadium, I spotted my things still lying on the bleachers where I’d left them.
My jacket.
Hastily, I turned back to the Onyx.  “You’ll let Coach Hayes live…and you won’t harm Ty?”
“But of course,” the Onyx assured in a wickedly soothing voice.
“What about me?” I queried skeptically.
The Onyx’s brow furrowed.  “That my dear, I simply cannot do.  I think you know why.  Once a Talisman, always a Talisman.  It’s in your blood.  I can’t have you trying to steal back the wand’s powers, now can I?”
That’s what I figured.  While the sounds of the thunder rumbled above us, I took a deep breath and stepped towards the Onyx.
“How does this work?” I grumbled.
“Take my hand in yours and tell the wand to release you from your bond,” the Onyx replied eagerly.  “Then the diamond’s power will pass to me.”
The Onyx extended his hand in a fluent, yet sinister fashion.  Slowly, I attempted to take a hold of it, but I quickly jerked back from the agonizing pain of his touch.  Every single time, it felt like a thousand knives stabbing my skin.
“Sorry about that,” the Onyx laughed.  “I’m afraid you’ll just have to fight through the pain.”  The Onyx continued to cackle and added, “But I promise you, it doesn’t sting nearly as bad as your hands being set on fire from the touch of a ruby.”  The Onyx held up Coach Hayes’ hands and scowled.  “What is it you teenagers say?  Oh, yes — That hurts like a bitch.”
I glared back at him as I took a deep breath to prepare myself for the painful jolt.  I clutched the Onyx’s hand firmly.  Not only did it hurt like Hell, but I could feel every ounce of evil the supernatural being was radiating.  It was hard to stomach.
“Now!  Do it!  SAY IT!” the Onyx screamed.
I watched the Onyx become rapt in the delusion that the wand was now within his reach.  He’d taken the bait.  With all of my might, I quickly locked my other hand onto Coach Hayes’ wrist and forcefully whirled the Onyx’s “vessel” around, hurling him down the field, where he crashed into the scoreboard.  As I raced to the visitor stands, I sent a blast of lightning his way to keep him distracted.  Once I’d hopped over the fence, I sprawled up the bleachers and snatched my jacket within a second.  I reached inside the pocket and quickly felt around.  The stones.  I’d placed all three of them in there this morning.  Now I just need to grab the right one.
Just as I pulled out my hand, the Onyx seized my arm and effortlessly tossed me back onto the football field.  No sooner than I’d landed, he started his high-speed charge.  I felt one stone cupped in the palm of my hand.  There was no time to look at it.  I could only pray that I’d retrieved the right one.
Just as the Onyx lunged at me, I aimed the stone and pitched it directly at him.  As soon as it struck, a cloud of electrically charged, light-blue smoke swirled around the Onyx.  A blood-curdling scream erupted from out of the mouth of “Coach Hayes”.  His body began to convulse as he fell to the ground, and his hands muffled his ears as he lay there shrieking.  Without warning, a cloud of billowy black smoke jutted out of the now limp coach’s body and took off like a whirlwind, howling as it disappeared into the night.  The Onyx finally was gone, at least for now.
Thank you, Gallia!  The appreciation I felt for the blue chalcedony stone and the little Talisman who had given it to me was immeasurable.
How the heck do you send a supernatural a thank you note?
I rushed over to Coach Hayes’ lifeless body.  I could hear Ty (whose “bangs” were much louder) clearly using something with a little more substance to pound against the locker room door.  He could burst through it at any second.  Frantically, I shook Coach Hayes.  I grabbed his wrist and found a pulse.  I was instantly relieved, however, I needed him to be more alert, so he could let Ty out of the locker room if he wasn’t able to break down the door.
I can’t hang around here.  Coach Hayes won’t remember anything, thankfully, but I can’t explain an injured coach and a destroyed stadium to Ty.
I hurried over to the sidelines and grabbed the large orange cooler.  I couldn’t help but crack a smile as I shook it and thought, What the Hell.  I raced back over to Coach Hayes and dumped the icy-cold Gator-aide all over him.  The semi-conscious coach shivered as he roused and was now trying to scramble to his feet.  That’s a relief!
Just then, a loud “bang” cut through night air, and the door to the locker room came flying open.  I grabbed my jacket off the ground, raced up the bleachers, and dashed into the woods above the stadium.  I wasn’t sure if Ty had caught a glimpse of me or not.  Surely he was probably wondering by now, “where I was”, and “what the heck happened to the stadium”?  I’d run off yet again, but with good reason this time.  Something dawned on me as I barreled up and down the mountains.  Damn! I forgot my purse!  Talk about leaving evidence at the scene of the crime.  I couldn’t go back for it.  My only hope was that it fell under the bleachers when The Onyx had grabbed me.
I headed for the only safe place I could think of — the cave.  Hopefully, Tanner would eventually turn up there, or maybe he was already there waiting for me?
As I dashed through the thick forest, I couldn’t stop thinking about how I’d just narrowly escaped with my life, not to mention Coach Hayes’ and possibly Ty’s.  After last night’s adventure, I knew I would be faced with the reality of my safety being in question, without fail.  However, the thought that innocent people’s lives could randomly come into play, especially those I cared about, was a heart-wrenching predicament.  My own father’s death was a testament to that fact.  Everyone I cared about would ultimately become my greatest personal liability.  That was a cold slap of reality if there ever was one!
I reached the cave and waved my hand, magically revealing its entrance.  As soon as enough of the rock and dirt had shifted away, I darted in and closed myself inside the earthy sanctuary.  The farther I trekked down the rocky spiral staircase, the heavier the evening’s events weighed.  I hoped Ty would forgive me.  I couldn’t call him.  My cell was in my purse.
I hope no one finds it, or I’ll sure have A LOT of explaining to do.  Just add “vandal” to my growing list of offenses.
I continued down the steps, aching from my battle with the Onyx.  Though none of my bones were broken, they still throbbed from each and every one of his blows.  Even now my skin burned slightly, still irritated from his wickedly painful touch.  The side of my face had stopped bleeding, but the gash was gaping open and stung like hell.  The power of being invincible certainly didn’t include pain-free, that was for sure.  The Onyx was much stronger than before.  It was upsettingly evident how another Talisman’s abilities could intensify when in my presence.  That was an adverse consequence.
I called out for Tanner as soon as I’d reached the bottom.  Not here either.  Disappointed, I paced back and forth.  Where is he?  I know he has to keep an eye on Lazarus, but he was able to make plenty of time for me before.  Maybe I didn’t perform the telepathy trick correctly?  Of course, I don’t have anyone to ask…because he’s NOT HERE!  I stomped around like a toddler for a few seconds.  I’m being ridiculous.  I laughed at my actions as I thought about how funny it was that I’d gotten so attached to him.  Maybe because I miss Daddy?
Though he was a bit of an ass and playfully cheeky most of the time, Tanner had really grown on me.  Not just because of any supernatural bond or the fact that he was teaching me about my powers, but I truly enjoyed his company.  Even though he insisted on calling me a little girl, I never felt like one around him — not even for a second.  His absence was not only perplexing, but also it left me feeling melancholy, like I’d been abandoned again.  After all, I hadn’t heard from him, and I had to fend off the Onyx all by myself.  I guessed I thought somewhere in the back of my mind that he would have rushed in to help me.  It wasn’t like I had a ton of experience under my belt.  It was just last night when Tanner had to rescue me from an unearthly, deranged 25-foot diamond-fanged rattler.
Maybe he doesn’t think I need him?  Maybe he’s finished with my training and telling me to go back to school was part of his exit strategy?  He didn’t even say good-bye!  I found myself getting a little too worked up.  I told myself, Maybe you need to get some rest so you can look for him in the morning, idiot!  I could see if I didn’t force myself to catch some Z’s, I’d be up for hours on end, reading too much into the reason behind Tanner Grey’s absence.
I folded up my jacket and tossed it on the ground.  I was exhausted, though I found myself staring at the wand with a determined gleam.  Intrigued, I climbed up the rock formation that imprisoned it.  When I touched the diamond wand this time, its glow seemed more intense.
As I ran my fingers along one of its smooth sides, I began to wonder, Is it possible I’m ready?  I know my powers have strengthened, and I did just successfully fend off the Onyx tonight.  I paused to take an eager, deep breath.
What the heck…
I wrapped both of my hands around its shaft.  One quick, firm yank should do it.  I was heedful to the fact that my hands couldn’t slide along the edges of the blade-like wand.  They had to remain perfectly still.  I could just picture this not working and Tanner finding me with several fingers missing — or worse.  Talk about getting caught red-handed.  I attempted to release the wand from its rocky cradle with every ounce of my newfound strength.  NOTHING!  No matter how much stronger I was or how hard I tried, I still couldn’t pull the daggone thing out!
Disappointed, I plopped down onto the rocks below.  I supposed it was wishful thinking that had fueled my desire to take another crack at it.  Clearly I still wasn’t “ready”.  The diamond wand knew it.  I felt like I was trapped in a doorway, not fully knowing whether I should enter or turn around and run the other way.  If I took that step inside, a whole new world was waiting for me.  Not only did I have the awesome power of the wand, but also I found the allure of “not knowing what was to come” positively thrilling.  No one ever knows what their future holds, but I’d been planning mine for years.  Study, graduate High School, college, study, get a degree, and then secure good a job.  That was the plan.  It had sounded exciting enough.  I’d been so focused on its components that I’d given no consideration to the future’s funny way of being unpredictable.  No one ever thinks about that.  I’d always tried to avoid such thoughts (if it all possible), but it was now the unpredictability of “what could be” that I found so exhilarating.
However, it went hand-in-hand with the dicey part that had me tied up in knots.  Just look at what happened tonight.  Someone I cared about could’ve gotten hurt again — all because of the wand.  That thought would always haunt me, and not to mention, having to “kill” someone.  Could I even do it?  Possibly — if my life was threatened.  But someone possessed?  Just treat them like collateral damage?  Regardless of who it was, the “killing part” plagued me the most.  Sure, I knew I wanted Lazarus Xcavare dead.  He’d murdered my father.  But when or if the time came, Would I be able to do it?  Would my soul allow it?  I was still wrought with guilt over kicking Mike’s ass.  Who knows how bad I’ll feel over taking someone’s life?  Tanner would have to supply me with an endless amount of his soothing supernatural amethysts.  That seemed like an inevitable fact.
This was my dilemma and undeniably, the wand was well aware of it.  I knew I had to make that final decision — one way or another.  Who knows when that’ll be and whatever decision I make, how will I know it’s the right one?  Since the wand hadn’t released itself to me, surely over time even it would eventually question my commitment of being its life-long owner and possibly decide on its own to absolve me from my destine duties.  Being “iffy” was certainly out of the question.
The Indecisive Talisman, I thought, shaking my head.  I was agitated by the thought of years passing by and the damn thing would still be sitting there.  Beatrix was right.  Things would be a heck of a lot easier if I had its hilt.  Even after dreaming about it last night, it still seemed so unattainable.  My attitude turned snarky.  I shook my head and thought, Who knows where that thing is hidden?  You’d think the great “Adamas” could’ve left a note.
Feeling downhearted, my eyes fell on the earthy floor, staring around listlessly.  To my left lay my jacket that I’d tossed on the ground.  I scooted over, reached inside its right pocket, and pulled out my two remaining stones — the amethyst and the serpentine.  Luck was definitely on my side earlier when I’d grabbed the blue chalcedony and not one of the other ones.
I should’ve kept them on me… Not sitting up in the bleachers inside my jacket… Idiot!  Good thing I didn’t put them in my purse.  I would’ve NEVER found them in there!  Instinctively, I decided to place both stones in the front pocket of my jeans for safekeeping.  There.  Safe and most important, easily accessible.
I bunched up my jacket and threw my makeshift-pillow behind my head as I curled up against the rocks.  I found myself struggling to get to sleep and tried my best to find a comfortable position, but I knew that wasn’t what was keeping me awake.
I took a deep breath in an effort to clear my mind.  There in the quiet and dimly lit cave, the reason behind my unrest surfaced — my “one question”— the very one that lingered in the back of my mind, even when all the others had been securely tucked way.  This question, I feared, would torment me until I had my answer.
Why?  Why me?  Many people have gone to their graves with that “life question” hanging over their heads like a storm cloud, showering them with torturous speculation and grueling doubt.  Why, of all the people in the world, was “I” destined for this bittersweet gift?
Before long, I had succumbed to the night, not to mention, my physical exhaustion.  My slumber was extremely restless.  What should I have expected?  I was lying on the ground, propped up with my jacket against some hard rocks, while thoughts of the Onyx drifted in and out of my head all night.  Every time my heavy lids fell to a close, I saw his sinister dark eyes staring back at me — and each time, they were set onto the face of someone I cared about.
As I lay there dreaming, I felt something hit my face.  It landed in the open gash that the Onyx had graciously given me.  It really stung (notably a little too much for just a dream).  Then something hit my lips.  They felt wet.  As I pressed them together, I detected a familiar taste.  Salt.  I moved my hand up to comfort my stinging cheek when I felt something there.  A hand.  Its warmth and touch were too life-like to be just a dream.  Alarmed, I snapped out of my slumber and jerked myself up to find Tanner sitting on the ground beside me, staring at me with a tender look in his eyes.  He held a wet cloth in his hand.  Apparently he’d been nursing my wound while I slept.  I smiled back at him, convinced I was starting to grow on my mentor.
Maybe he’ll start showing more of his compassionate side, instead of his cheeky attitude and constant wisecracks?
Tanner’s comforting gaze shifted into a look I’d come to know far too well.
“So?” he began, “I take it the home team won the game?”


Chapter  22  —  Blow Me Away

A sneaky suspicion swelled from my gut.  I straightened myself up, now wide-awake and well on my way to “ticked”.
“How did you know?” I demanded, knowing full well he was referring to my “incident” at the stadium.
“Funny thing,” Tanner sighed, “I was driving back to the motel when I noticed a freak lightning storm churning in the distance.  I say, ‘freak’ because the weather forecast showed no signs of rain — for days.”  Tanner tapped his finger on his chin.  “By the looks of it, I showed up at the end of the third quarter.”
“You were THERE?” I asked, taken aback by his cavalier remark.
“Yes,” Tanner answered with a curt smile.
“Just so I’m clear… You saw me getting my ass handed to me, and you sat back and did NOTHING?  Is that about right?”
“No,” Tanner replied defensively.  “I was cheering for you.”
I slammed my hands down against the earthy floor and grunted.  “Ughhh!”  I couldn’t even look him.  My stomach wouldn’t allow it.
Tanner patted my back.  “Hey, the coach isn’t allowed on the field when the game’s in play, Shiloh — And, I wanted to see if you could handle yourself when given the ball, so to speak.”
I thought steam was going to shoot out my ears after hearing his explanation as to why he didn’t lend me a hand.
Sensing my annoyance, Tanner nudged my shoulder.  “You did good by the way,” he praised.  “I was thoroughly impressed.”
I turned towards him.  As I mulled over the evening’s turn of events, my lips began to creep into a subtle, but proud smile.  I did do it by myself.  Well me, and with a little help from Gallia.  That’s not entirely true… More like a lot!
“Those blue chalcedonies are pretty handy,” Tanner affirmed.
“Yeah,” I agreed, nodding my head knowingly as I looked around the cave.  “How long have you been here?”
“Awhile.  I’ve been cleansing that wound of yours.  It was the least I could do,” Tanner replied.  “It was a nasty gash, but it’s finally healed.  You’re as good as new.”
I ran my fingers down the side of my face.  Sure enough, it felt as smooth as a baby’s bottom once again.
“Thanks,” I replied appreciatively.  “What time is it?”
“Almost five-thirty,” Tanner replied.  “The sun will be up soon.”
I extended my arms, giving my sore back a much-needed stretch.  As soon as I heard a few of my spinal bones “pop”, a thought surfaced.  “Oh, by the way—  I had a dream about Adamas.  At least, I think it was him.”  Tanner seemed pleased, though not a bit surprised.
“What you saw was actually a memory.  What did it tell you?” Tanner inquired.  “Be specific.”
“I saw the wand lying on a table and then Adamas appeared,” I revealed.  “He pulled out the diamond’s silver hilt and joined it to the wand.  That was basically it.”
After a moment of silent contemplation, Tanner announced, “The diamond’s trust in you is growing.  It’s forging a bond with your soul.  Hopefully, the wand will release itself to you soon.  Then we don’t have to worry about Lazarus finding it down here.”
It must not trust me too much.  I didn’t have the heart to tell him that I’d already attempted to pull it out last night.
“That’s good news.  Why am I sensing you’re perturbed about something?” Tanner questioned.
Crap.  Clearly the Amethyst Talisman’s radar had picked up on my dismay.  Tell him something… Anything but that.
“I was wondering where you were yesterday?” I evaded.  “All day?”
“I had to make an appearance at the mine,” Tanner explained.  “I couldn’t have Lazarus wondering why the geologist he keeps on retainer didn’t show up for work.  It’s a good thing I was there.  He’s up to something.”
I thought about what Samuel had suggested earlier.  “Is he trying to back out of the deal?” I asked.  Tanner appeared somewhat surprised, but confirmed my suspicions with a nod.
“Good guess.  Why does he need the mine when he knows the diamond isn’t there?  For the past few years, Xcavare’s business acquisitions haven’t been for the company’s benefit as much as they’ve been for Lazarus’ own.  Xcavare’s primary shareholder is Lazarus’ father, Malachi Xcavare, who by the way is a Talisman as well.  Lazarus’ extracurricular purchases have squandered an exorbitant amount of the company’s funds.  He abandons almost every mine the company has acquired as soon as he realizes the diamond wand isn’t there.  Only three of his past twenty-one acquisitions have been sold, and they didn’t even come close to turning a profit.  A few have stayed open, but the majority of them are sitting idle.  The most unfortunate ramification is the countless number of workers who have been left jobless.  I can’t tell you how many towns and villages across the globe Lazarus has destroyed indirectly from his quest to locate the wand.”
Tanner rose to his feet and continued, “Malachi has even grown tired of the way his son’s been operating the business.  It’s bad for the company’s bottom line, as well as their image.  Its stock has taken a huge dive.  Malachi is suspicious about what’s been fueling his son’s spontaneous purchases.  Even though they share the same blood, they’re still both Talismans.  They’d kill each other over the wand if one ever found out the other possessed it.  Malachi Xcavare is the one who insisted I be here for this acquisition, mostly to keep an eye on Lazarus and report back to him.  I’m pretty sure Lazarus suspects something, but they’re both clueless to the fact that I’m a Talisman.”
“So, you’re kind of a double-agent?” I posed.
Tanner flashed his cocky smile. “Exactly.  I can keep tabs on both of them for The Guild.  Convenient, don’t you think?”
“Very,” I replied.  My thoughts began to dwell on the unsuspecting miners, as well as all the residents of Welch.  Harper Riverside was hell-bent on selling the mine and Xcavare was the only fish biting, especially in this economy.  The whole thing sounded too good to be true from the start — everyone keeping their jobs, their pay, their benefits, and their positions — nothing changing the least little bit.  That NEVER happens when a new owner comes in.  Even if Mr. Riverside were to find another buyer, the odds of the workers getting the same sweet deal was little to none.  Whenever a mine changed hands around these parts, the new owners would unfailingly lay-off at least half of the workers, and the lucky ones who did manage to keep their jobs had to kiss their union contracts good-bye.  The city of Welch would be devastated as well.  Unemployed townspeople would be forced to relocate.  Then there were all the promises Lazarus had made to the town about “revitalizing Welch” and “investing in its people”.  Our little community would inevitably end up a ghost-town.  How horrible…
Tanner snapped his fingers to pull me out of my apparent daze.  “Shiloh?  What are you thinking about?”
“Just about the miners…and the town.  They’re screwed — one way or another.  If the sale goes through and Xcavare shuts down the mine, it’ll be devastating.  If Lazarus backs out of the deal, Harper Riverside will have to find another buyer.  Odds are at least half the miners will lose their jobs, and that’s just as bad.  Mike said his father thinks the mine is more trouble than what it’s worth.  Harper Riverside might just shut it down, even without a buyer.  Like I said, they’re screwed,” I replied solemnly.
“I see…but right now, you should be more concerned with how Lazarus ended up here in the first place,” Tanner advised heedfully.
“I don’t know?  Do you have any guesses?”
“Unfortunately, I do.”  Tanner became very subdued.  “I think he may have the hilt.  That’s the only way he could know the diamond wand is here.  Lazarus has been eyeing various coalmines for a while, but this is the first one he’s sought to acquire.  There are thousands, upon thousands of them all over the world.  It’s too coincidental that the very first coalmine he chose is the exact same one in southern West Virginia close to where the wand was hidden.”
My eyes lit up instantly.  “What does that mean?” I inquired.
“It means that if he has the hilt…it has led him here.  The hilt claims some of the same memories the diamond wand possesses.  It would speak to him randomly or in his dreams.  The hilt would call out to him, give him clues, and guide him to the wand’s general location.  The hilt’s only desire is to be reunited with the wand — no matter who claims the diamond’s power.  It’s cast of metal, so it doesn’t have an owner.  Nothing reigns over it.”
“What makes you think he has it?” I asked.
“I did some checking today.  Xcavare purchased a company in Montana two years ago that happened to stumble upon a rare reserve of platinum.  That’s what metal the hilt is cast from — not silver.  It would have been buried near a source of it, so that just like the diamond, it could lie dormant but maintain its energy.  When Adamas surrendered his powers, he gathered several Talismans from the Guild and bestowed each of us with a specific duty.  Adamas left me in charge of protecting the wand, so I knew its location.  He never let any one Talisman know too much, out of fear for their safety, as well as the wand’s.  I’m not sure if that’s where it was hidden or not.  I’ve tried to contact the Talisman who I think may know, but my attempts have been unsuccessful.”
I couldn’t help but notice that Tanner’s tone was now bordering on dismal.
Tanner continued, “If the hilt was hidden out there, and Lazarus happened to stumble upon it accidentally…” He shook his head and continued confidently, “Well, it’s the only reason that makes sense.  The timeline fits.  After the platinum discovery, the past two years have been filled with peculiar mining acquisitions, but they all have one thing in common…carbon.  The exact same element the diamond wand needed to keep its charge all these years.  The hilt doesn’t emit any energy like the wand does.  It just receives it.  Until the hilt is reunited with the wand, all it will do is call to whoever is in possession of it and attempt to guide them to the diamond wand’s whereabouts.  If the hilt has led Lazarus here, for some reason, it can’t give him the wand’s exact location.  Adamas could have used the same type of enchantment on the hilt as he did on the cave, hoping to hinder the hilt’s search.  The man you saw in the store… It’s no coincidence he’s here.”
“So you did get my message?” I asked, excited that my first attempt at contacting another Talisman via “stone” was a success.
“Yeah,” Tanner replied.  “Loud and clear.”
My elation quickly faded as I watched him pace around the cave like a caged animal.  I figured the stranger was possibly a Talisman, but that was about it.  Clearly Tanner was on edge about something.
“Who is he?” I asked.
“His name is Ferrol and yes, he’s a Talisman.  I sensed his presence a few minutes before he arrived at the mine this morning.”  Tanner bent down and picked up a rock from off the ground.  He resumed his heated pacing as he tossed it in his hand.  “That stone you saw around his neck is a carnelian, but that’s NOT his origin stone.”  Tanner hurled the rock forcefully across the cave, allowing what appeared to be some pretty deep-seated hatred to surface.  I watched it shatter against one of the walls.  “I knew the Talisman who used to reign over that stone,” he revealed with a far-off look in his eyes.  “Ferrol isn’t the first of our kind to claim it.”
I could tell Tanner was grief-stricken by this revelation.  I should know.  The aura grief emits had become all too familiar to me.  And if that wasn’t a strong enough signal, the somber look on his face sure gave him away.  The Talisman whom Ferrol received the stone from must have been a close acquaintance of his.
“Who was he?” I inquired.
“She,” Tanner corrected, “…was someone I cared for deeply.”
Though he tried to conceal his anguish, his emotions were too strong.  I could see every ounce of his pain just by looking into his eyes.  Immediately, I stood up and approached Tanner.  My heart went out to him for his apparent loss.
“Maybe she’s not dead?” I encouraged.  “Couldn’t she have just given him one of her stones?  As a gift?”
“NO,” Tanner insisted.  “The one around his neck is the original carnelian.  The same one Adean wore.”
Tanner’s violet eyes darkened as they crept into a sharp glare.  I could only assume that maybe this Adean was a past love of his.  All things considered, I decided not to pry.  Who knows what memories I’ll stir up by asking?  He’s clearly pissed enough already.  This time, I think I’ll keep my questions to myself.
Trying to remain optimistic, I asked, “Couldn’t Adean have surrendered the stone to him?”
Tanner let out a sharp laugh.  “The only way Adean would’ve let that stone go was if he pried it out of her dead, lifeless hands,” he announced confidently.  “Adean was extremely brave and headstrong.”  He grinned and added, “She was quite a firecracker.  You remind me of her in a way — spirited, but stubborn.”
All things taken into consideration, I assumed that was supposed to be a compliment.
“When was the last time you saw her?” I asked.
“Not for many years,” Tanner said with a distant gaze.  “But she’s never been far from my thoughts.  I’ll miss her.”
“I’m so sorry,” I replied solemnly.
“Yeah well, if you hadn’t sent me that vision and let me get over the initial shock, I’m afraid I would have blown my cover when I ripped the bastard’s head off.  I kept out of his way and pretended to be busy while he was there.  I was afraid he might recognize me.  We had a run in ages ago.  I wasn’t even sure it was Ferrol until I managed to catch a glimpse of the stone that’s the origin of his powers.  That confirmation was pretty damning.”
I found myself strangely disturbed by his last comment.
“Why?  What stone is that?”
“The howlite, I’m sad to say.  I saw it bound to his wrist.  He accidentally flashed it when he was putting on his coat.”  Tanner looked clearly annoyed.
“What does it do?  Does it give its owner a lot of powers?” I questioned nervously.
“No, not a lot of powers,” Tanner replied grimly.  “A howlite only has one power and one purpose… To hunt for other Talismans and their stones.  Fortunately for me, my tiger’s-eye kept him from discovering who I was, but the bastard’s powers were pretty strong.  If he hadn’t left around noon, he would have drained all the damn thing’s magic, and then my little jig would have been up for sure.”
My mouth dropped as the seriousness of the situation became abundantly clear.  This Talisman was here to help locate the diamond wand of Adamas and would ultimately find me.  A wave of panic consumed me as I looked around the cave with a growing sense of angst.  I felt as though the rough rocky walls of the cavern were closing in all around me, like I was being suffocated with fear.  Tanner was by my side in an instant.  Oh, yeah…. He’d sensed it.
“I don’t even have to ask if he picked up on yours.”  Tanner shook his head.  “Good thing you spotted him first and got the hell out of that store.  I’m sure he suspects the diamond’s powers have been claimed.  I’m just glad he didn’t see you.”
I pursed my lips and looked away, which unfortunately prompted Tanner to become suspicious.
“He didn’t see you?  Did he?” Tanner questioned.
I remained quiet.
“Shiloh?”
“He may have noticed my car…when I pulled out of the parking lot,” I mumbled apprehensively.
“That’s all?” Tanner asked.  “That’s not the worst news in the world.  Well then, not only will you have to stay away from him, but I’m afraid you’ll have to ditch your car as well.”
My appearance stayed the same, still deeply troubled by my numerous encounters with Ferrol, and I was positive Tanner would be none too pleased by them either.
“Don’t be upset,” Tanner encouraged.  “I’ll get you another one.  Something nice.  Maybe a white Beamer?  How about that?  Nothing too flashy, of course.  A 3-Series.  I can’t have you getting spoiled.”
I heard Tanner talking, but I wasn’t listening.  I remained still while my head swirled with panic and dismay.  He quickly noted my reaction.
“Not the response I would expect from someone who was just informed that they were getting a new BMW as a gift,” Tanner remarked with a distinct raise of his brow.  “Shiloh?  Shiloh?”  He instantly picked up on my escalating panic.  Tanner swiftly grabbed my shoulders and demanded, “WHAT.  DID.  YOU.  DO?”
I watched the violet hue in his eyes intensify as one of his brows began to arch.  There was no use in putting off my blunder any longer.
I lowered my head and mumbled, “He may have seen me in town…sitting at the red light when he walked past my car as he was crossing the street.”
“What do mean by ‘may have’?” Tanner asked, fearing my answer.  My face remained blank.  “He didn’t he see your face, did he?”
I lifted my head.  “I mean…he did,” I confessed.
“Dammit, Shiloh!” Tanner yelled.  “WHEN did this happen?”
I flinched.  “Sometime between noon and one o’clock, I think,” I replied sheepishly.
“I thought I told you to go to school!  Why didn’t you listen to me?”
 “I did,” I snapped back, “but I got suspended and sent home.  I thought it was too risky to go to my house.  I was afraid Lazarus might show up on my doorstep, waving another check.  I couldn’t find you or Bea.  I didn’t know where else to go, so I ended up hiding out at the Drive-In.”
“What did you get suspended for?” Tanner grunted.
“Fighting,” I muttered.  “I kind of beat up Mike Riverside.”
The Amethyst Talisman rolled his eyes and stormed around, spitting out a few expletives under his breath.  His steps were so quick and heavy I thought the daggone roof was going to cave in at any second.  Abruptly, Tanner stopped dead in his tracks.
“Wait — If you were hiding out at the Drive-In, then how did you end up at the football field?”
My confession was almost complete.  I didn’t think Tanner could possibly get any more livid than he already was.  Might as well just let it rip.
“Ferrol spotted my car parked there, so I took off on foot through the woods.  I was on my way to the Heritage Inn when I saw the lights on at the stadium.  I figured I could hide out there for a while.”
I underestimated the limits of Tanner Grey’s threshold of anger.  I watched as his mouth tightened and his eyes squinted into a nasty scowl.  The widow’s peak that seductively dipped down along his hairline looked a lot less alluring with all those lines popping out on his forehead.
“You took off…on foot,” Tanner laughed angrily.  “That’s what you’re telling me?  You think you lost a Talisman — who’s a supernatural ‘hunter’ — ON FOOT?”
My head nodded, somewhat insecurely.  “Yeah… Didn’t I?”
“No, Shiloh.  You didn’t lose him.  I’m sure once he realized you weren’t at the Drive-In, he followed your trail of energy straight to the football field!”
“But I didn’t see him there,” I countered.
Tanner let out a sarcastic laugh.  “You didn’t see me there either, now did you?”  
My stomach dropped instantly.
“He probably followed you here!  He could be waiting outside the cave, this very second!” Tanner grumbled.
I wallowed in my own stupidity while I watched a very frantic Tanner Grey climbing the walls as he tried to figure out “what to do”.  He stopped and turned to look at the wand, staring at it fiercely.  The next thing I knew, Tanner had snatched my arm and was tugging me up the rock formation.
“Wrap your hands around it,” Tanner ordered impatiently.  “Try to dislodge the wand.”
“Tanner, I tried when I got back here last night, and it wouldn’t budge.”
“Try it again!” he demanded.
I carefully wrapped my hands around the wand and did as Tanner requested.  As I’d predicted, it didn’t move an inch.  I stood over the diamond disheartened, once again.  This unfortunate turn of events was entirely my fault — every stupid, naïve percent of it.  I had no one to blame but myself for the regrettable predicament I was now in.  I’d not only disappointed myself, but Tanner as well.
He picked up on my feelings and turned me around to face him.  Tanner was still wrought with anger, but he calmed down as he attempted to console me.
“Shiloh, I think I know what your problem is.  You have to want to accept this as your destiny.  You are a Talisman, but the stone will not force itself upon you.  That’s why the transition of its powers won’t be complete until the wand is in your hand.  You have to be absolved of any reservations and right now, I think you still have some.  With Ferrol sniffing around and my suspicion that Lazarus has the hilt, we don’t have the luxury of time.  Lazarus could use the hilt to find the wand, and though he couldn’t possess its powers because they belong to you, he would take the opportunity to claim them…by killing you.  Then the diamond’s powers would rightfully belong to him.”  Tanner looked up towards the top of the rocky staircase.  “Wait here for a moment.  I’ll be right back.”
I listened to the sound of his footsteps echoing around the hollowed-out cave while I stood there alone in front of the wand, left to consider Tanner’s theory.  I’d known all along that my own doubts were keeping me from claiming it.  I’d come to terms with everything about the nature of possessing the wand with the exception of one thing — death.  Death was an inescapable consequence of its ownership.  Having to “do the deed” to someone who wanted to claim the wand from me, or my own death that could result from trying to keep it from falling into their hands, and not to forget, the inevitable tragic outcome for the people I cared about if they found themselves in harm’s way because I possessed the diamond wand.  That’s what it boiled down to — plain and simple — death.  It was the only obstacle standing in the way of my future, my destiny.  That was the barrier I needed to break through, once and for all.
“There’s no one outside,” Tanner announced as he hurried back down the rocky staircase.  “Our plans have changed.  I’ve got to tie up a few things today, but most important, I have to find out if Lazarus has the hilt.  You’ll have to leave town with Bea, just for a little while.  Once you two are safe, I’ll return and guard the wand.  I just put a temporary enchantment on the entrance.  It will only last until the sun sets this evening.  Lazarus and Ferrol won’t be able to get in here before I return, hopefully before dusk.  During that time, I’ll be the only one who can open or close it.”
“Why’s that?” I inquired.
Tanner gave me a playful smack on the side of my head.  “Because I’m the only one who knows the magic words, that’s why.  Don’t worry.  You’ll be safe down here all day.”
My eyes widened.  “You’re kidding, right?  All day?”
Tanner’s face was stone-cold serious.  “Yes, all day.  You spent all last night down here.  What’s a few more hours?”
Starting to feel slightly claustrophobic, I looked around the dimly lit cave that was to be my prison for the day and thought, Well that sucks… I’ll be trapped down here.
“Don’t you think you need to fill me in on what the magic words are, exactly?” I posed anxiously.
Tanner paused to contemplate my request.  After a few seconds, he smiled and replied with a curt, “No.”
“But what if I get hungry?” I reasoned.
“I don’t think you’ll starve to death,” Tanner scoffed.
“What if I have to…use the little girls room?” I challenged.
“You’re a mountain girl.  Don’t tell me you’ve never been camping,” he countered bluntly and pointed to an area behind a large boulder.
My mind rallied to come up with a convincing plea.  Suddenly, my worst fear came to mind.
“But what if something happens to you?” I blurted.  “I might be in danger and have to get out of here.”  That was something I didn’t even want to think about, let alone say out loud.  I could tell Tanner was wrestling with my point.  The thought of such a scenario actually occurring was a remote possibility, but a chance nonetheless.  I thought I’d take his doubts a step further.
“What if Bea is in trouble?”
I watched Tanner’s shoulders sink down as his head tilted back in defeat.
“Do you know any Latin?” Tanner sighed reluctantly.
I shot him a blank stare.  You’ve got to be kidding, I thought as I postured my hands on my hips.  What kind of public school system does Mr. Ivy League Professor think we’ve got around here?
“Pig Latin,” I cracked.
Tanner raked his hand through his hair and let out a grunt.  “Listen closely, wise-ass.  The entrance can only be opened by saying, ostendo sum porta, and closed by saying, occulto porta.  Now, I’m trusting you… You’re only to leave the cave in an emergency.  Not to grab a bite to eat or anything else trivial.  Do you understand?”
“Yes,” I vowed wholeheartedly.  “Only in an emergency.”
He quickly headed back up the stairs.  As Tanner ascended the cave, he called down, “I’m serious, Shiloh.  ONLY IN AN EMERGENGY!”  I watched as he threw his hands up in the air and shook his head repeatedly the entire way up the winding staircase.  He managed to yell down another gruff, “Stay Put, little girl!” before I heard him say the magical phrase that opened the door.  Not a second later, I heard the faint rumbling of earth being shifted around, concealing the cave’s secret entrance and entombing me inside.
Deep inside the dimly lit cave and well out of his earshot, I stomped my foot on the floor and yelled out, “Asshole!”
Regrettably, I had nothing to do down here but think.  Alone with my thoughts was not the best way to pass the time, especially when all I could think about were the two Talismans who were hot on my trail.  My own paranoia was the only thing I had to keep me company while I waited for Tanner to return.
Now I know what a deer feels like during open season.  The only thing I’m missing is a big red target on my back!  I checked my watch.  It wasn’t even six o’clock yet.  This is going to be long day, I sulked as I plopped down onto the ground.
Attempting to head off any signs of boredom, I decided to count all the rock formations that randomly adorned the cave.  I started by adding up all the stalactites hanging down like jagged icicles from the ceiling.  There were hundreds, but I just counted the larger ones.  Three-hundred twelve.  I still found it odd that these wonders weren’t naturally formed from calcium deposits, but dark bituminous coal.  I got the feeling that their “creation” may not have been an entirely “natural occurrence”.  Next, I tallied the sporadic clusters of stalagmites rising from the floor like twisty columns.  I grabbed hold of a smaller one nearby and gently ran my fingers along its groves.  Bituminous coal was relatively soft, so I had to be very careful not to accidentally break it, especially with my newfound strength.
As hard as I tried to keep myself distracted, I still found my thoughts drifting back to Ty.  Even caressing a rock formation made thoughts of running my fingers along the curves of his handsome face pop into my mind.  If I managed to survive all of this, I still had a lot of explaining left to do.
My mind began to wander.  A question rang through my head like an alarm.  What happens to me after I claim the wand?  Lazarus and Ferrol won’t just disappear.  They’ll still be after me…and the wand.  What happens THEN?
The ugly truth of the situation had surfaced.  I had a good idea that my departure with Bea was going to be longer than “just a little while”.  My mind swirled with thoughts of constantly being on the run or in hiding.  My life (as I’d known it) would be nothing more than a memory.
I won’t graduate, that’s for sure!  Who knows when I’ll get to see Katie?  We hadn’t officially made-up, but she was still my best-bosom friend, and I would miss her dearly.  Then there was Ty.  My absence would certainly put a damper on our feelings blossoming into anything.  A pain swelled in the pit of my stomach.  Yeah… This sucks.
As far as my family went, Charlotte and Chloe wouldn’t skip a beat in my absence.  I was certain of that.  But then there was Samuel, and I would miss him something awful too.  He’d been a part of my life since I was born.  In some small way, he made me feel like Daddy was still with me, which I found comforting (and needed).  Just like Daddy, Samuel would be ripped from my life unexpectedly as well.
Strangely, Mike even popped into my head.  Forget about healing him, I thought.  Just chalk up Welch’s flawless record going up in flames to little ’ole me.  I even found that disappointing.  Nevertheless, Welch High hadn’t had an undefeated season in over twenty-three years.  I sat on the ground with my head lowered into my hands, wishing for “a sign”.  Any sign that would tell me that this was truly my destiny, and what I was meant to do.  A week ago, all I could think about was doing everything within my power to get the heck out of the coalfields of southern West Virginia.  Now, I found myself desperately trying to find a way to stay.
My gaze fell to the ground.  It seemed “Karma” had a cousin, and her name was “Irony”.
In the midst of my wallowing, a faint quivering sensation tingled throughout my body.  I panned the cave with a curious eye.  What is that?  Without warning, a jarring vibration rocked the entire cave.  I looked up to discover a few of the stalactites had broken off and were falling to the ground.  Alarmed, I quickly rolled out of their path and glanced back to see them smashing onto the exact spot where I’d been sitting.
I know I asked for a sign, but I could’ve stood for something a little more subtle.  Not a second later, another tremor shook the cave.  I immediately sprang to my feet and started running up the rocky staircase.
I paused at the closed entrance when I’d reached the top.  Tanner had told me not to leave — to “stay put”.  As I weighed the consequences of what opening the door of the cave could be, another tremor struck.  This one was even more violent than the last.  The jolt sent me stumbling backward, towards the edge of the staircase.  I struggled to maintain my balance, so I wouldn’t fall to the ground.  I was ridden with suspicion about what could be causing the cave to quake.  There was no time to reason this one out.  Impulsively, I chose to step outside to see what the heck was going on.  After all, who doesn’t consider an earthquake an EMERGENCY?
I struggled with the magic words a couple of times (eleven, to be exact).  I supposed my enunciation could’ve been more precise, but I finally delivered the words, “ostendo sum porta”, with a silver tongue and waited for all the earth to mystically shift away from the opening.
I stood inside the cave and took pause for safety’s sake.  I didn’t see anyone else outside, so I thought, The coast seems clear.  The cold morning air rushed over me as I edged out into the darkness.  There was a faint trace of light illuminating the horizon that let me know the sun was about to make its scheduled rise.
I scanned the woods for any Talisman intruders.  There wasn’t a soul to be found.  Suddenly a fierce rumble that sounded an awful lot like an explosion “boomed” in the air and ground shook again.  The next thing I knew, a siren was blaring in the distance.
The mine!  That’s their siren!  The explosions must’ve occurred in one of the tunnels.  The mine siren was something you never wanted to hear.  Nothing good ever came from the sound of one roaring throughout the mountainside.  Bad news was inevitable.
I looked at my watch and thought of Samuel.  He would be getting off around this time.  I became consumed with fear for my surrogate father, unaware if he was safe or not.  And there lay my dilemma — without my cell phone, I didn’t have any way to reach him.
What would be the harm in running down there to check for myself?  I’ll be right back.  Anyway, if my suspicions are correct, and I am leaving town for longer than “just a little while”, I have to say good-bye to Samuel.  I can’t just run off and have him wrought with worry over “where I am” or “what happened to me”?
Another harrowing blast rocked the mountainside.  I stared off in the direction of the mine like I was locked in a magnetic trance, feeling the weight of its hold tugging me towards it.  Without thinking about any of the negatives, I made another rash decision.  Quickly, I waved my hand over the entrance of the cave and raced down the mountain en route to the mine.  I had to make sure Samuel was okay.  I couldn’t bear to lose two fathers in one week.
I scrambled through the thick brush and arrived at the bottom of the mountain within seconds.  The expansive line of trees across from the mine granted me ample cover while I scoped out the scene.  Coalminers were pouring out of the front gates in accordance with their evacuation procedures.  Everyone’s names had to be checked off a list, assuring that all the miners would be accounted for.  In the midst of all the commotion, Lazarus and several of his entourage appeared and then swiftly loaded up in one of their black Chevy Suburbans.  I spotted Ferrol running over to the SUV.  As soon as he’d climbed inside, they bolted out of the lot and took off down the road like a bat out Hell.  I’d never seen so much dust kicked up in my life.  It looked like a gray sandstorm.
They were good and gone in no time.  I raced across the road and rushed towards the main gate to flag down Uriah Hatfield, who happened to be standing outside the security booth.
“Uriah, where’s Samuel?  Is he okay?” I asked nervously.
“What ’n the heck ya doin’ down here?  There’s enough trouble goin’ on ’round me.  I don’t need no more,” Uriah snapped.
I wasn’t in the mood for any of his surly attitude today.
“Uriah, I have to know if Samuel made it out okay.  Do you know where he is?” I demanded.
“I saw him out ’ere with Mr. Xcavare, and that other guy stopped to talk to him.”
“Was that before or after the explosions?” I asked anxiously.
“I’m not sure, Shiloh… I can’t think with all this goin’ on!  Maybe before?”  Uriah seemed even more frazzled than I was.  He grabbed his clipboard and snapped, “I haveta check everybody off my list.  Why don’t ya go see if his Jeep’s still ’ere?  I’m busy!  I’m sure he’ll turn up.”
I headed over to the parking lot, both annoyed and frustrated.  I scanned it thoroughly, several times in fact.  I didn’t see Samuel’s Jeep, so I had to take that as a good sign.  Maybe he’s already left?  I headed back to the security gate to let Uriah know that Samuel’s Jeep was gone.  He was still busy checking off miner’s names, so I tried my best to patiently wait my turn.
While I stood there (kicking my heels), I observed a few men rallying outside the building that housed all the safety gear.  Surely they were making plans for their search and rescue operation.  Just as a truck carrying a team of responders pulled away from the building, I spotted Samuel’s Jeep.  The truck had blocked it from my view.  Once I realized he was still here — somewhere on the property — my anxiety shot through the roof.
I whirled around and stared into the empty security booth.  I spotted a phone through the window.  Uriah had left the door open, so I slipped inside the booth and attempted to call Samuel on his cell.  It rang repeatedly, until it eventually went to his voicemail.

 “Samuel, it’s Shiloh…
I’m here at the mine.
There’s been some kind of accident…
I was calling to see if you were okay.
I don’t have my cell phone, 
so just call Uriah and check-in with him.
PLEASE… As soon as you get this message!
I’ll be on pins and needles until I hear from you!”

Even though I was able to leave Samuel a message, I hung up the phone even more worried than before.  I stood in the doorway of the security booth and surveyed the scene outside.  Safety teams were gearing up, and an ambulance had just arrived on the scene.  My eyes continued to search the grounds on the other side of the gate when I heard a scratchy noise crackling behind me.  It was coming from Uriah’s walkie-talkie lying on his desk.
I picked it up and listened to what sounded like static that came and went several times.  I pressed the “talk” button and called out, “Is anyone there?  This is the security station.  Over.”
There was no answer.  I waited for more of the feedback sounds, but they were gone.  Huh, I thought.  Uriah happened to glance inside the security booth.  He shook his head and motioned for me to “get out of his station”.  As I started to head out, the walkie-talkie began to crackle again, but this time a low, frail voice muttered the word, “Help.”
I snatched it up and answered.  “This is mine security.  Who’s this?”
The voice stammered out a reply.  “Sa —Samuel.”
“SAMUEL!” I squealed.  “Where are you?”
“Trapped…in a tunnel,” he groaned.
The next thing I heard was the sound of rocks crashing in the background.  I flew into a panic.  If the roof were in the midst of collapsing, there would be no chance whatsoever that a rescue team could possibly get to him in time.  They had their safety procedures that had to be followed.  I was Samuel’s only hope.
“Samuel, hold tight.  I’m coming!”  I dropped the walkie-talkie and hurried out of the booth.  Thank goodness for cave-radios, I sighed, grateful for the technological wonders Daddy had pushed for that let sound travel through rock.  I shook my head.  And Harper Riverside thought they were a HUGE waste of money!
“Shiloh, who was that on the horn?” Uriah hollered.  Apparently he had been watching me the entire time.
“Nobody,” I replied curtly.  His eyes squinted into a skeptical glare.  “Well, just tell Samuel that I’m looking for him when he turns up.  Gotta go,” I said abruptly and pretended to walk towards the parking lot.  I waved back to him, only to discover that the suspicious & surly old guard’s eyes hadn’t left me for a second.  Well, I never said he was dumb.
As soon as Uriah turned his head, I ducked down into the crowd of miners and snuck through the front gate.  Once inside, I headed for the building that housed all the safety gear.  I started to enter when suddenly the door came flying open right in front of me.  I jumped behind it and watched several members from one of the rescue crews leaving the building.  When the last guy had exited, I hurried inside and shut the door.
Good.  No one’s here.  Seeing how my golden topaz still hadn’t been “recharged”, invisibility was out of the question, so I would have to conceal myself from head to toe.  Not only would my disguise guarantee me access into the mine, it would protect me as well.  Even though it was a coalmine, there was an awful lot of iron-rich steel down there, what with all the rail cars and their miles of track.  Better safe than sorry.  Once I’d slipped into a fireproof jumpsuit and coat, I grabbed a full-face gas mask from a nearby cabinet.  With the help of a bright-yellow lighted hardhat, I was able to safely hide my long girly locks.  I snatched up a pair of gloves, a large flashlight, and found a portable gas detector, which I clipped to my side.
Samuel, here I come, I thought confidently as I checked my reflection in the mirror (eyes swirling with white) and then bolted out the door.
A crewman was sitting on one of the rail cars, blocking the entrance to the mine.  He was ordering everyone to, “Stand clear and not to enter until instructed”.
I couldn’t just hang around waiting for the all-go sign.  Time was of the essence.  I switched on the light that set atop my hardhat.  When the men weren’t looking, I dashed into the mine as quick as I could.  I ran so hard and fast that I wasn’t able to stop until my head crashed into a low beam near the first section where the main line branched off.
As I staggered to my feet and rubbed my aching head, I noted that the ceilings would be much lower from this point on.  Mental note: Duck down, idiot.  I rose to a crouched position and turned on the flashlight.  I followed the steel rails that led like a path down into the darkness, not knowing what tragedy would be waiting for me up ahead.
The farther into the mine I trekked, the harder I tried to sense any thoughts being generated from anyone who may be trapped.  Nothing.  I started calling out for Samuel, hoping he would hear me and give me some clue as to his location.  The longer I searched, the more I feared for his safety.  I passed by a spot that looked like an area where one of the explosions had occurred.  It was a charred mass of rubble.  I gave the portable methane gas detector a quick check and was stunned when I read the levels.  A series of numbers registered on the device, but they were all within the “normal” range identified on the display.
As I used the flashlight to search around for a source of the blast, something suddenly caught my eye.  I reached down and picked up a reddish-orange tumbled stone that looked eerily familiar.
A carnelian… Just like Ferrol’s.  What’s it doing down here?  The evidence I held in my hand suggested a strong link between the explosions and the person responsible.  But why did he leave this here?
Tanner might have some idea, I thought as I tucked the stone in my pocket and continued to search for Samuel.  Before long, I stumbled upon another place where a blast had occurred.  I checked the air levels again.  They were still reading “normal”.  I couldn’t understand what could have caused the explosions.  Something had to have triggered the blasts.
I kept on calling out Samuel’s name, over and over, but all I heard was the sound of my own voice.  I had to have been pushing a mile in when I spotted what looked like another carnelian lying on the ground.  I remained crouched down, deep in thought, as I picked up the little stone and rolled it around in my hand.  Its presence in the mine was baffling.  Why would he just leave these down here?  Maybe he dropped them or something?
My mind shifted its focus back to Samuel.  I had to figure out if I should keep going straight or venture down one of the tunnels that branched off from the main line.  Suddenly, I heard a faint sound coming from up ahead.  I stopped fiddling with the stone and listened closely.
“Samuel is that you?” I called out and waited breathlessly.  A few seconds later, a frail voice echoed through the tunnel.
“Ye —Yes,” the voice muttered.
I was instantly overjoyed.  “Samuel!” I hollered.  “Stay there!  I’m coming!”
I’d forgotten about the carnelian in my hand and unconsciously tossed it off to the side as I hurried to follow the sound of Samuel’s voice.  As soon as the stone smacked one of the mine’s rocky walls, a horrible explosion erupted and hurled me forward several yards.  Stunned, I lifted my head and scooted around to see a raging mass of fire swarming the area where I’d thrown the carnelian.  The reddish-orange flames began to weaken and were out in an instant.  I heard an ominous rumbling sound from up above.  Not even a second later, tons of rock began crashing down.  The blast had caused the roof of the mine to collapse, completely blocking off the main tunnel.  I pulled the other carnelian out of my pocket.
Those sneaky bastards… They used the carnelians to trigger the blasts.
Suddenly, I found myself reflecting on how Mr. Evasive had described Adean, the original Carnelian Talisman.
Yeah, a REAL “firecracker”…


Chapter  23  —  He Won’t Remember a Thing

Though my body was still reeling from the jolt of the explosion, I forced myself onto my knees and swiftly crawled my way over to Samuel.  He was lying a few yards from one of the safety shacks and covered in rubble.  Quickly, I removed my hardhat and gas mask.
“Samuel, can you hear me?  ARE YOU OKAY?” I pleaded frantically as I brushed debris off his body.
Samuel’s eyes fluttered open.  “Sh—Shiloh?  W—What are you doin’…down here?” he groaned, sounding just as dazed as he looked.
“Rescuing you.  Can you move?” 
“A little.  But it hurts like hell to,” Samuel replied with a sharp wince.
“I’m going to try to move you.  Tell me if it’s too painful, and I’ll stop.  Okay?”
“O—Okay,” Samuel mumbled.
I’d barely touched him when he let out an agonizing wail.  My hands flew off him immediately.
“SORRY,” I blurted nervously.  My gloves felt wet, almost saturated, and then a distinct smell flooded my nostrils.  I grabbed the hardhat and aimed its light at his midsection.  My worst fears were confirmed.  It was blood and there was a lot of it.  My teeth sank into my bottom lip like an anchor.  I didn’t know the extent of his internal injuries, but it seemed clear that my only option was to try to heal his wounds right here in the mine.
“What’s wrong?” Samuel asked, looking confused and equally concerned.
I stopped biting my lip. “Nothing,” I lied, trying not to alarm him — or me.  After all, this would be my first “solo” attempt at healing someone.  Tanner was a Talisman with some of his own healing capabilities, so that didn’t really count.  Samuel wasn’t.  Would I even succeed?  This was a mere “human” I was about to lay inexperienced hands on.  Talk about on-the-job training…
“Just close your eyes,” I urged.
He either complied willingly or was on the verge of slipping into an unconscious state.  Either way, his lids closed within seconds.  I took a deep breath to prepare for a little “supernatural” intervention.
Before I could even take off my gloves, another rumble sounded from above.  I looked up to see several large rocks crashing down towards us.   I threw myself on top of Samuel to shield him from their crushing blow.  The brut force of the rocks pummeled my body, but they just bounced off me like a playground ball, leaving me unscathed.  Another rumble roared throughout the mine.  There was no time to waste.  Any “healing” would have to be put on hold.  I had to get Samuel out of here and fast, before the whole damn roof collapsed on top of us.  I could climb out, but Samuel would surely be buried in the rubble and ultimately perish.  Even with that resolute decision clinched, there was still one major problem… We still had to get past the cave-in — courtesy of me, and one accidentally ignited carnelian.
Think…think…
A rail car was sitting on the tracks nearby with one coal car connected to its rear.  An explosion of my own went off in my head.  Now I had an idea as to “how” I was going to get him out of here and break through our rocky barrier.
“Samuel… I’m sorry,” I said, clenching my teeth.
“Why?” Samuel moaned.
“’Cause this is REALLY going to hurt,” I admitted.
Before Samuel got a chance to voice any pain-fueled protests, I already had him carried and loaded in the coal car.  I used a tarp I’d found nearby to cover his frail frame and then headed towards the rear of the car.  I grabbed underneath it and tightened my grasp.  Even though I was glad that I’d thought to wear gloves, they really didn’t give me a good grip — especially with them soaked in about a quart of Samuel’s blood.
Swiftly, I backed the two steel cars down the mine about a hundred feet.  The conjoined coal cars were easy to tow, like pulling a loaded shopping cart down an aisle of a grocery store.  Thankfully, I didn’t feel any of the iron’s sluggish effects.
That should be plenty of room.  After I’d secured the little carnelian in my hand, I clutched the lip underneath the coal car and took a deep breath.
“Here we go.  Just stay down, Samuel,” I called out as I crouched down and began to push the coal car down the track.  I gradually picked up my pace, which was now an awkwardly hunched over, high-speed sprint.
We were approaching the spot where the mine had collapsed.  I increased my speed and ran as fast as I could, hunkered down behind the car.  A few yards before impact, I hurled the carnelian towards the mass of rubble.  The stone ignited, causing a thunderous explosion to roar towards us.  I heard a crashing sound as soon as the front end of the rail car struck the remaining rocks that blocked our path.  I charged through the barrage of debris with breakneck speed.  Luckily, we plowed right through the obstruction without a hitch, and to my astonishment, I’d even managed to keep both cars on the tracks.
That was a close one!
Within a few seconds, a faint light appeared up ahead.  I was moving so fast I couldn’t make out what it was.  Strangely, the light remained fixed.  I hadn’t passed any working lights on my way in, and it looked to be about head-high, so I had to assume it was coming from a miner’s hardhat.  I held on to the rear coal car and planted my feet firmly against the ground that lay between the rails.  Sparks from the metal wheels were flying back towards me.  I was forced to tighten my grip when my hands started to rattle loose from the car’s lip.  My feet sizzled from the friction and the smell of burning rubber rose from my sneakers as I came to a screeching stop.  I peered around the rear of the coal car to see Uriah Hatfield jerking off his gas mask and looking seriously pissed.
Aw, shit…
“Shiloh Wallace?” Uriah Hatfield yelled out.  “Daggumit!  I knew it!  I knew ya was upta somethin’!  What in the Hell ya doin’ down ‘ere?  I saw ya sneak through the gate.  I was onta ya as soon as I saw ya walkin’ off.  Ya caint sneak nothin’ past me no more, Missy!  Don’t ya know there’s been several explosions in here.  I hadta sneak past the damn safety crew still standin’ ’round outside waitin’ to check gas levels.  They’re comin’ this way.  They’ll have my ass over this if they find ya down here.  I swear!  You’re just as stubborn as ya were when ya’s little, and cause just as much trouble!  This ain’t chya personal playground!”
I ignored his rants and tugged him towards the rear coal car.
Uriah resisted.  “No, no!  You’re a comin’ with me!”
“LOOK!” I screamed as I pointed to the coal car.  Uriah stepped closer and took a gander at the rear tarp-covered car.
“What in the Hell am I lookin’ at?” Uriah huffed.
I reached over and whisked away the dirty tarp to reveal a very injured and unconscious Samuel Clark.
“Uriah, Samuel needs help,” I pleaded as I pointed to his abdomen.
Uriah stood motionless as he stared at Samuel’s coal-dust covered, bloodstained body.  He seemed to be descending into a state of shock.  I called out to him several times, but the weathered old security guard kept silent and swayed slightly, in sync with his breaths.  Though I was pleased that he’d finally shut up, right now, the clever security guard was as about as useful as a paper condom.  This was going to take some “subtle” intervention.
I grabbed his arms and shook him.  “URIAH!” I yelled.
The surly old security guard snapped to my attention.  He was no longer catatonic, but in a hypnotic trance — my trance.  This was my first successful attempt at compelling someone directly.  State Trooper Burks and Lila the waitress had both been coerced in an “accidental” manner, so I wasn’t sure how hard I needed to concentrate.  With a safety crew approaching, I had neither the luxury of time, nor the privacy to heal Samuel’s injuries (even my confidence was bordering on iffy).  Uriah was the best and safest option I had to help Samuel.  I took Uriah’s hand and looked deeply into his wide brown eyes, focusing intensely.
“Uriah, listen to me.  You’re going to drive the rail car to the mine’s entrance and get Samuel to safety.  He’s badly injured, and you’re the only one who can help him.  Nod your head if you understand me.”
Uriah’s head bobbed up and down slowly.
“Good,” I replied as I guided him over to the small operator seat.  Uriah cranked the electric engine and took hold of the levers.  I could hear voices approaching in the distance.
I grabbed Uriah’s arm.  “You rescued Samuel,” I whispered in his ear.  “You never saw me.  I was never here.  Do you understand?”
“I rescued Samuel,” Uriah mumbled, nodding his head the same as before.
“That’s right, you’re a hero.  Now GO!” I instructed.  Restlessly, my eyes stayed glued to the rear coal car as they puttered off down the track.  From the shadows, I kept a close watch on the rescue crew when they halted the approaching rail car.  A couple of the guys quickly hopped in the back to assess Samuel’s injuries.  I breathed a heavy sigh of relief when the rail car’s engine cranked once again and then started chugging towards the mouth of the mine.
I heard several more voices that sounded like they were heading my way.  Unfortunately I’d left my gas mask and helmet back where I’d found Samuel.  I glanced down at my powerless little golden topaz and slammed my foot against the ground.  Crap!
With no other alternative, I flipped up the collar of my fireproof jacket, buried my head down low against my chest, and walked swiftly past them like nobody’s business.  You kind of just have to “own it” in situations like this.  Luckily the rescue team seemed too preoccupied with their duty at hand to notice anything, let alone me.
Thank goodness…
The bright morning sun striking my face provided my worrisome frame with a warm reception.  It seemed to lift my spirits and gave me hope that Samuel would be all right.  I hid behind one of the nearby buildings as the paramedics loaded Samuel onto a stretcher and into an awaiting ambulance.  The bright orange and white vehicle was marked, “McDowell County Hospital”, so that’s exactly where I would be heading.  I rushed to peel myself out of the safety garb I’d borrowed.  All the pieces were caked in coal dust, but thankfully they had protected my clothes underneath.  Loud emergency sirens began to blare as the ambulance exited through the security gate.
PLEASE let him be okay…
You would think, as with any disaster, that fear and uncertainty would usher in all kinds of pandemonium.  But as I looked around the grounds, everyone seemed to be diligently focusing on their assigned duty.  The only person who looked a wreck was Harper Riverside.  He was running around frantic, and I knew why.  Sure, he was worried about the welfare of his miners.  He would have to be a pretty cold-hearted bastard to not be concerned about the safety of his employees when it came to a catastrophe such as this.  However, with the impression left by Lazarus questioning the mine’s safety, you could bet his thoughts were consumed with the fear of a failed sale.  Mr. Riverside wanted rid of it.  With an investigation sure to follow, he may end up closing it down after all.  The sad part about it was that it wasn’t “company error” or even “nature’s fault”.  The mine had been sabotaged, but I didn’t have the faintest idea how any forensic team could prove it.
Do they have a test that detects magic rock bombs?
I ran off through the woods and headed straight for McDowell County Hospital, located on the opposite side of town.  I arrived just as the ambulance was pulling up to the side entrance marked:

EMERGENCY

A trauma team was waiting, gowned up and good-to-go, as the paramedics carried his body out of the ambulance.  I tried to get as close as possible, but was quickly ushered back by one of the hospital security officers.  Restrained, I watched the man who was the closest thing I had left to a father disappear behind the double doors.  Again, I felt helpless and utterly alone.
I had to get in there to find out how he was.  I used a bit more of my reserved strength to break free from the officer’s hold.  No sooner than my hands had wrapped around the door handle, the officer yanked me back towards him.
“Let me go!  I have to see how Samuel is!” I snapped.
“You’re not going anywhere until you calm down, Miss.  How do you know the patient?” the security officer questioned in a commanding tone.
They wouldn’t just let anyone in there with him, let alone disclose his condition.  Samuel didn’t have any biological family members around these parts, or anywhere to my knowledge.  I was the closest thing.
“I’m his daughter!” I cried out as I whipped around, without giving our “obviously opposing skin tones” a second-thought.
I looked up to see the hospital security officer, who I now recognized was Jack Patterson, chuckling.  The stocky, middle-aged man took his finger and ran it down my cheek.
“I know who you are, Shiloh Wallace.  You don’t have to trick me into thinkin’ you’re Samuel’s kin.”
I didn’t understand what the heck he was talking about — not until he extended his finger towards me, the one he’d just swiped down my face.  It was covered in coal dust.  Yuck!  I could still hear him laughing as I checked my reflection in a nearby window.  My face was as black as coal and actually much darker than Samuel’s natural mocha shade.
Jack Patterson took my hand and escorted me through the entrance.  All of my senses went haywire as soon as I stepped inside.  My eyes squinted from the bright fluorescent lights glaring down on me.  A strong whiff of alcohol and disinfectant made my nostrils twitch.  My ears were rattling with the sounds of several pages and drawn-out “beeps” that blared from the intercom.  And of course, my eyes had a field-day with all the random hospital employees zooming past me every which way, darting in and out of various doors with no answers to be given.  Needless to say, my impatience had already kicked into overdrive.
“Go clean up,” Jack Patterson instructed.  “I’ll call for a nurse to give you an update.  The restrooms are right over there.”
I followed his orders and when finished, I emerged from the women’s restroom clean-faced and smelling like a citrus orchard.  I spotted Jack Patterson talking to a tiny woman sitting behind a glass cubicle off to the side.
“Here she is,” Jack Patterson said as I approached.  “Ethel, this is Shiloh Wallace.  She’s a family friend of Samuel’s.  You can tell her anything she wants to know.”
I smiled.  “Thank you, Mr. Patterson.  I appreciate that.”
Jack Patterson patted my back.  “You’re welcome.  I’ve gotta go make my rounds, but I’ll come back to check on you a little later.  Don’t worry.  They’ll take real good care of him back there,” he assured with a stout nod and then headed off down the hall.
Ethel, the tiny woman sitting behind the glass, asked, “Do you know who Mr. Clark’s next of kin is?”
The way she phrased the question alarmed me.
“No,” I snapped.  “Why? What’s wrong?”
“Calm down.  I need it for my paperwork.  I can get most of his information from the mine, but I do need to know if Mr. Clark has a DNR.”
“A what?” I asked.
“A DNR… A ‘Do Not Resuscitate’ directive.  Does he have one?” she asked casually.
Stunned by yet another question I didn’t want to hear, I scoffed, “I don’t know?!?  But PLEASE…let’s make sure y’all DO ATTEMPT to resuscitate Mr. Clark!”
By the look on Ethel’s face, I’d obviously ticked her off, but I couldn’t have cared less.
“Please, just find out what’s going on, and how he’s doing.  PLEASE?” I pleaded.
The tiny brunette shot me a glare as she slowly rose from her seat.  After a testy pivot, she finally headed off through the double doors that led into the Emergency Room.  I paced around the front waiting room nervously, never stopping for a second.  Twenty minutes had passed and I was about to climb the freaking walls.  It was taking FOREVER for her to return!
Another five minutes later, Ethel slowly sauntered back to her desk.  I raced over to the cubicle.  She slid open a portion of the glass window.
“The doctor will be out here momentarily to discuss Mr. Clark’s condition with you.”  Then she proceeded to slide the glass shut, without warning.
“That’s IT?” I appealed through the glass.  Ethel didn’t even look up.  She just kept her head down and dove right into some paperwork lying on her desk.  I spun around angrily and thought, What an insensitive little witch!
I stormed off and grabbed a seat near the television in the waiting room.  I shifted around in a light-blue vinyl chair, trying to find a comfortable position (there wasn’t one), and then flipped through a stream of out-dated magazines to kill some time.  I was well on my way to miserable when I finished them all in four minutes flat.
A doctor entered the waiting room.  “I’m looking for the young lady who came in with Mr. Clark?” he asked.
I sprang to my feet.  “That’s me!”
“Please, Miss…follow me,” the tall Indian doctor requested.
I’d noticed his name stitched on the white lab coat he was wearing, but I didn’t have a clue how to pronounce it.  Nervously, I followed the doctor through the massive double doors that led into the ER.  We weaved through a maze of stretchers, machines, and desks scattered all throughout the cramped space.  Several nurses and technicians were running in and out of a section of the room that had been sealed off with a beige curtain hanging from a track in the ceiling.  It was the only area that seemed to be getting a lot of attention.  I could only assume Samuel was behind “Curtain Number One”.  The doctor motioned me into a rear office.
“Ms. Wallace, I’m Dr. Kupasami.  I’ll be performing Mr. Clark’s surgery.”
I figured Samuel would be going under the knife, what with all the blood I’d witnessed.
“What’s wrong with him?” I asked nervously.
“The ultrasound revealed that Mr. Clark has a lacerated spleen.  Most likely, it will have to be removed during surgery, but he can still live a long life without it.  The nurses are going to take him across the hall to do a few more CAT scans, just to reconfirm the diagnosis and to make sure there are no other internal injuries.  Once we get the results, we’ll address any other concerns and prep him for surgery.  The x-rays revealed that Mr. Clark has several cracked ribs on his right side.  We will tend to those once he’s out of the operating room.  In addition, both of his tibias are broken, as well as his right radius.  Luckily, the fractures are closed, so we can reset them while he’s here recuperating.  Aside from that, Mr. Clark has a few second-degree burns and several minor cuts.  The spleen is the worst of his injuries, but I’m confident from what we’ve seen so far that the surgery will go smoothly.  Do you have any questions?”
I stood there silent, trapped in an abyss of conflict.  Even though the doctor seemed positive that Samuel would pull through the surgery, I decided to delve into his mind to make sure he wasn’t trying to bullshit me.  He wasn’t.  The doctor was one-hundred-percent certain that Samuel would be fine, but it was all I could do to restrain myself from running over and ripping back the beige curtain to heal him myself.
But how on earth would he explain getting up and walking out of here a “healed” man?  His injuries were much more than a few cracked ribs and a broken nose.  Not only would I have to brainwash everyone who had come in contact with Samuel since he was rushed from the mine to the hospital, but most likely, half the damn town.  Surely most everybody knows by now.  The news had to have already spread through Welch like wildfire.  I was a Talisman who possessed one of the most powerful stones capable of unimaginable physical and mental healing abilities and yet, I felt completely powerless.  I couldn’t risk my secret being exposed.  I was ridden with guilt over what I thought was a selfish decision.  Sadly, like any other distraught loved one, I felt uncomfortably vulnerable, human, and regrettably “normal”.
“Where can I wait for him?” I asked, broken-hearted.
The soft-spoken doctor smiled.  “There’s a waiting room around the corner reserved for family members of our patients in surgery.  I’ll have a nurse escort you there.  I’ll update you once he’s out of surgery.  It’ll be a couple of hours.”
“Thank you, Dr. Kupasami.”
The gentle man nodded and exited the room.
I ran to the doorway at the urging of my superstitious gut.  “PLEASE take good care of him,” I implored.  I may have aimed my request to the good doctor, but I wanted it on-record with the cosmos as well.  Dr. Kupasami simply smiled back at me and then headed off down the hall.
Feeling a tad more hopeful, I assessed, I guess that’s good enough…
A statuesque bleach-blonde nurse came strolling along a few minutes later.  I caught several of the males on staff following the woman with their eyes as she passed them, and she carried herself in a way that let you know she was well aware of the stares she was attracting.  I’ll admit the nurse was quite striking, but she looked strangely familiar.  Like a cold hard slap, it finally hit me who she was.
Beverly Rhodes… Charlotte’s (former) best friend, I thought.  No wonder I didn’t recognize her at first.  I’d seen bed sheets that hadn’t been pulled as tight or tucked as much as what her face had been.  And that wasn’t the only thing new.  Two more blatant & bouncy “things” were practically staring me in the face.
If that nametag of hers was any higher, I swear she’d poke out her eye.
“Shiloh?  Is that YOU?” Beverly asked in a sticky-sweet southern drawl.
Still stunned by her transformation, I smiled and nodded.  She leaned in and gave me quick, tight squeeze.
“It’s my first day back to work, and I get to run into you.  This is a treat!  I took a little time off…to visit some relatives out west for a couple of months,” Beverly clarified.
Relatives — my ass, I giggled to myself.  Who’s she kiddin’?
 “Shiloh, I haven’t seen you since the party last—”
“Christmas,” I interrupted.  “When Mom stormed out?  Cursing the ground you walked on?”
“That’s the one,” Beverly laughed and flipped back her hair.  “I really need to call her.  Is she still upset?”
“Of course, she is.  We’re talking about my mother, remember?”
I wasn’t quite sure what had started their little tiff.  Knowing now about Charlotte’s extracurricular endeavors and that Beverly was a divorcée who had been playing the field (entire state) for the past several years, I could only assume it had been over some guy in town they were both carrying on with.  Even though they always claimed to be ‘close friends’, they were more like rivals, who kept their enemies close.
Beverly shook her head and sighed.  “It’s almost been a whole year.  Maybe I should give her a call?  You know, be the bigger person.”
“No… You should just drop by and surprise her,” I insisted as I scoped out the new & improved, buxom Beverly Rhodes from head to toe.  My mouth crept into a sly smile just thinking about the look on Charlotte’s face when she laid eyes on Beverly.  A younger-looking and fresh-faced “bigger” person would surely send her through the roof.
“You’re right.  I’ll stop by.  I need to…” Beverly stopped and jerked me into heartfelt embrace.  “Pass along my condolences,” she sniveled.
Beverly continued to express her sympathy as she swayed me back and forth, locked in her arms.  I found myself uncomfortably pinned up against “the twins”.  When she finally did release me, I was astonished to see only a slightly red, dry-eyed and expressionless Beverly Rhodes standing before me.  I could sense she was genuinely saddened by Daddy’s passing, but bless her Botox-injected, paralyzed & puffy little heart.  She couldn’t have shown it on her face if her life depended on it.
“Beverly, are you the nurse who’s supposed to take me to the waiting room?”
With her face still as blank as a whiteboard, Beverly replied, “Yes.  Come on and I’ll show you where it is.  I’m so sorry to hear about Samuel.  But he’s in very good hands.  Dr. Kupasami is one of the best surgeons around.  He’ll be fine.”
Beverly led me to the surgical waiting room and insisted she would keep me updated.  I curled up in one of the beige leather chairs and prepared myself for a long, grueling wait.  Waiting here is going to be worse than down in that cave…
After an hour had passed, Beverly stopped by to drag me off to the cafeteria for a bite to eat, her treat.  I reluctantly accepted her offer.  I wasn’t the least bit hungry, but I knew my body needed something.  She stayed and chatted while I ate.  Even though her outsides had changed, her insides were still the same — just as bubbly, sweet, and kind-hearted as ever.  Beverly was probably the only friend of Charlotte’s that I liked, and she was always friendly towards me — which reinforced my longtime claim that they were as different as day and night.
Beverly informed me that Samuel was still in surgery, but it was going well.  They did have to remove his spleen.  She said he was lucky that none of his other organs were punctured.  Beverly assured me that he would be in the hospital for several weeks recuperating, what with his surgery and all of his broken bones.  Before long, she gave me a hug and promised she would be back around to check on me a little later.
I wandered back to the waiting room, mentally noting that I’d managed to kill off another forty-five minutes.  Dr. Kupasami came strolling in through the double-doors roughly a minute later.  He told me that the surgery went extremely well, and Samuel was in the recovery room.  I was beyond relieved.  Without thinking, I lunged at the doctor, locking him in an embarrassing, hysterical hug while I thanked him repeatedly.  The somewhat timid man was very gracious and humored my dramatic display with a few pats on my back.
I continued to wait there for another hour.  Since Samuel was out-of-the-woods, my thoughts returned to the unnerving reality that a duo of supernatural-stalkers were out there somewhere, still on the hunt for me.  There was no way around the predicament I was in.  I would be leaving Welch — for good.  I couldn’t understand why Tanner didn’t just come out with it and say so.  He’s been brutally honest about everything else this past week.  Why stop now?
There was still a very mysterious, secretive side to Tanner Grey and what he chose to reveal about the nature of Talismans.  He didn’t seem to believe the old adage, “knowledge is power”, that was for sure.  He tended to have a “less is best” perspective.  So far, I hadn’t heard from him telepathically.  I could only assume he thought I was still down in the cave waiting for him.  I looked over at the clock on the wall.  Almost 11:00 AM.  I still had plenty of time to get back there.  He’ll be none the wiser.  After all, I couldn’t leave until Samuel woke up.  I wasn’t about to run off for what could possibly be “forever” without telling him good-bye.
Tanner will just have to get over it…
Beverly Rhodes came bouncing in to get me a little past noon.  She ushered me up to the third floor, where Samuel had been taken to a private room in the ICU wing of the hospital.  When we arrived to room 321, Samuel appeared to be resting comfortably with the sounds of beeping monitors and the subtle whistling of oxygen lulling him as he slept.  I had to admit he looked a heck of a lot better than when I’d found him lying amongst the coal rubble and covered in blood.  Beverly informed me that he was still somewhat groggy from the anesthesia and the pain medication he’d been given, but he should be wide-awake in a little while.  She also let me know that an orthopedic physician would set all of his broken limbs tomorrow morning, but in the meantime, they would make sure he wasn’t in any pain.
Beverly started to head out of the room, but she abruptly stopped in the doorway and spun back around.
“Oh, Shiloh, before I forget… When the nurses come in here, keep your head down and don’t tell them your name.  Okay?” Beverly urged.
That’s an odd request, I thought as I pulled one of the chairs closer to Samuel’s bedside.  Am I hiding out from the whole freaking town now?
Slightly offended, I inquired, “Why not?”
Beverly’s teeth sank into her bottom lip.  “Well…” she hesitated, “most of the employees had already placed bets in the football pool for next week’s game.  I heard the pot was a little over five thousand dollars.  Only one person chose the other team.  With Mike Riverside not playing, a lot of people are…well to put it in a nice way… Miffed?  Are we clear?”
I slumped down in my seat, ashamed my actions had indirectly pissed off more people than I could have ever imagined.
I nodded remorsefully and mumbled, “Crystal.”
Beverly spied the shame written all over my face, which prompted a sympathetic smile.
“Oh now, Shiloh… Don’t feel so bad about it.  That’s what cocky little pricks get.”  With that said, she gave me a sly wink and closed the door behind her.
As I curled my feet up in the chair, I thought, Add that to my “To-Do” list.  I know I have to leave town, but I’d hate to be run out of Welch being chased by angry rednecks wavin’ their shotguns.
Within a few minutes, the repetitive rhythm of the machines had worked their magic on me as well.  I dozed off, exhausted from worry, with my head propped uncomfortably on the corner of the low-back chair.
I roused suddenly to a strange “beeping” sound.  Startled, my eyes flew open instantly while my brain quickly processed where I was.  Samuel’s hospital room.  The first thing I spotted was the clock on the wall.  What seemed like only a couple seconds later was more like a couple of hours.
I rubbed my eyes and thought, Two-thirty? That CAN’T be right.
I looked over at the hospital bed to find Samuel sitting up, wide-awake and smiling.
“I can ask them to bring in another bed if you want?” he chuckled.
“Samuel…”  I jumped up and leaned over to give him a gentle kiss on the cheek.  I was dying to hug him, but in light of all his ailments, I felt the peck would have to suffice.  “How do you feel?” I asked as I pulled my chair closer to his bed.
“High as a kite, baby girl,” Samuel said cheerfully.
I couldn’t help but laugh at the goofy smile stretched across his stoned face.
Curious about how much he recalled about the accident, I probed, “Do you remember what happened?”
“Not too much.  I remember talking to that guy, Ferrol and when I turned around, there was an explosion.  More than one of them, I think.”
Samuel confirmed my suspicions.  Yep, definitely sabotage, I thought quietly.
“Did he cause the explosion?” I asked.
Samuel paused to think.  “He was with me when it happened, but I’m not sure.  I don’t remember much,” he admitted, his voice sounding dry and raspy.
I rubbed his cheek and gave him a consoling smile.  I couldn’t help but feel relieved to hear him say that.  I knew Ferrol was responsible for the explosions, but I was more concerned about what Samuel remembered about his “rescuer”.  That would be a tough one to explain.
I spotted a plastic pitcher and cup lying on a tray bedside his bed.  One of the nurses must have brought it in while I was asleep.  I grabbed it and quickly poured him a glass of refreshing ice-cold water.
“Here, Samuel,” I said as I plopped in a straw and then held the cup up for him to take a much-needed drink.
“Thank you, Shiloh,” he replied softly.
“Well, I wait on you at the Drive-In.  I guess I can do it here, too…especially in your condition.  After all, I can’t use the old, ‘what’s wrong with you, is your arm broken’, because…it kind of is,” I joked while I watched him practically inhale his drink in one huge sip.  As soon as he had finished, I placed the empty cup back down on the tray and began to pour him another.
“I wasn’t talking about the water,” my surrogate father said gratefully.
Instantly, my stomach flipped.  He remembers, I concluded as my eyes stayed focused on the pitcher still hovering over the cup.  Slowly, I placed it back down on the tray.  I couldn’t bring myself to look at him.
The silence that filled the room was stifling.  How on earth am I going to explain this?
Samuel let out a sigh.  “I told you, Shiloh.  Your father and I didn’t have any secrets.”
I slowly turned my head around to face him.  Samuel’s gentle eyes looking back at me was all that was needed to break down the wall of secrecy I’d been hiding behind.  Relieved I could finally confide in someone close to me, I became overrun with a myriad of emotions.  Without thinking, I disregarded Samuel’s injuries and hugged him around his neck while tears of joy and heartache poured from my eyes.
If he was in any discomfort, he never showed it.  My surrogate father just patted my back with the only limb he had that wasn’t broken and kept telling me, “Everything will be okay.”
I spent the next hour revealing everything that had happened over the past eight days.  Samuel knew about the diamond’s existence through things Daddy had disclosed, but insisted he had never actually seen the wand in person.  The only thing Daddy had shown him was the rough diamond stone he wore around his neck for protection.  He also knew Beatrix Sutherland’s secret identity.  Samuel had promised Daddy he would never let on to her, or anyone else that he knew she was a supernatural.  My surrogate father’s suspicions about me were confirmed when I roughed up Chief Roberts and Officer Ryan at the house last Sunday morning.  He wanted to say something to me then, but he hated to “interrupt the show”.
I asked Samuel if he thought Daddy was crazy when he first told him about Talismans and the Wand of Adamas.  Samuel answered with a heartfelt but stern, “I never doubted him for a second.”  When I asked him how he knew Daddy was telling him the truth, Samuel simply stated, “I saw it in his eyes.  That’s what true friends do, and then they listen with their heart.  What you choose to believe will come from your soul.”
It felt good to finally get this burden off my back.  Thankfully, I was able to let someone from my old life into my new one, without the fear of them trying to have me committed.  Most assuredly, Daddy would have done his damnedest to keep me safe from beyond the grave.  He knew Samuel loved me like his own daughter and would protect me, just the same.  I knew in my heart he had confided in Samuel for a reason.  That was one of the things fueling my desire to surrender to my destiny.  This was something that was important to him, too.  Daddy had died for it, and for me.  Even in his death, I couldn’t bear the thought of disappointing him.
“You don’t have to leave, Shiloh.  You can stay with me.  I’ll protect you and keep you safe,” Samuel insisted.  I smiled and raised my brow as I scanned his wounded body from head to toe.
“Really?” I questioned humorously.  He acknowledged my reservations with a laugh of his own.
“Oh, Samuel…that reminds me.  I want to give you something that will keep you safe — for your protection.”
Samuel’s eyes followed me around the room as I walked over to the window to close the blinds and then proceeded to flip the lock on the door.  I sat back down beside him, pulled off my jacket, and rolled up my sleeve.  I grimaced as I dug my nails deep into my skin.  Once the pain had subsided, I pulled the rough diamond from my arm and cupped it in my hands.  With my eyes closed, I did what Tanner had instructed.  Since Samuel was a human, I blessed the gemstone with the only ability it allowed — protection — for his mind and soul.  As soon as the light radiating from the stone had faded into a soft glow, I knew the incantation was complete.
I laid the diamond on the tray table in front of him.  He stared at the rough little stone in silence for a moment.
“You’re giving this…to me?” Samuel questioned curiously.
I nodded.
“It looks just like Caiden’s,” he added somberly while traces of tears in his eyes glistened like fresh morning dew.
“Please keep it with you at all times, Samuel.”  I stared at his weakened, crippled body.  “The Onyx has already possessed Mike and Coach Hayes to get to me.  It’s just a matter of time before he hops into the body of someone I care about.  I don’t ever want that to be you.”
Samuel looked up at me and grinned. “Will do,” he promised.
We were startled by several loud “bangs” on the door.  I snatched the diamond off the tray and tucked it in the drawer of his bedside table.
“It’ll be safe in there, for now.  Don’t ever let anyone see it or know you have it,” I warned.
Samuel nodded.  With that taken care of, I threw on my jacket to cover my bloody arm and ran over to open the door.  There in the hallway stood one seriously ticked-off lab technician.
“We don’t lock doors around here!” he barked, like I was three.  The grouchy lab tech stormed into the room and practically slammed his carrier of glass vials down on a nearby table.
Well, excuse me, I thought with a cock of my head.
“You’ll have to step outside while I collect Mr. Clark’s blood for his lab work,” the man snapped.
“That’s okay,” I replied sweetly as I looked at the clock on the wall.  “I have to be going anyway.”  I returned to Samuel’s bedside and gave him a peck on the cheek.  “Bye, Samuel.  I hope to see you…soon?” I announced uncertainly.
“You will.  You can’t get rid of me that easy,” my surrogate father insisted.
“Take care,” I called back as I stepped into the hall and closed the door behind me.  The look on his face was comforting.  It was like any other time we’d parted — no more and no less emotion.
I hope he’s right, I thought quietly as I headed for the elevator.  A week ago, you couldn’t have kept me in Welch, not even if someone had glued my feet to the floor or tied me to a chair.  Now, it was all I could do to keep from going.  Never in a million years would I have dreamed that leaving this small hick-town, nestled in the mountains of southern West Virginia would be tearing at my heart in such a way.  My one and only desire was to stay.
I pressed the “down” arrow button on the elevator as I emerged from my thoughts.  After about a minute of waiting, I glanced back up at the lights above the shiny stainless-steel door.  The elevator hadn’t moved.  It remained parked on the first floor.  Impatiently, I resorted to the ’ole two-punch tap and waited a few more seconds.  It still didn’t budge.  It’s only three floors, I thought, so I turned to head for the stairs.
As soon as I spun around, I found myself face-to-face with Officer Pete Ryan, one of Welch’s finest that I’d roughed up the other day.  The corners of his mouth turned down into a nasty scowl.
“Just the person I’ve been lookin’ for,” Officer Ryan announced arrogantly.
By the look on his face and the tone of his voice, I knew this wasn’t a happy coincidence.
“Why’s that?” I asked curiously.  Samuel had said that Chief Roberts wasn’t going to press any charges for the other day.  Surely he hasn’t changed his mind?  Crap!  Maybe he found my purse at the football field?
Officer Ryan swiftly removed his handcuffs from his belt.  I stood there and watched, totally stunned by his brash move.  The next thing I knew, the officer had grabbed my wrist and whirled my disbelieving frame around, slamming me into the wall beside the elevator.  The blow didn’t hurt, but he’d shoved my face into a large metal cross hanging on the wall that was pressing against my cheek.  I was willingly pinned, simply because there were too many people around for me to resist like I wanted.
Officer Ryan leaned over and grunted into my ear, “You’re under arrest for assaulting Mike Riverside.”
Well, part of my first assumption was correct.  Right charge, wrong victim.
“Coach Hayes has already punished me.  I’ve been suspended,” I replied defensively.  He’s lost his freaking mind.
“You’re eighteen now… Right?” Officer Ryan questioned snidely.
I froze, completely freaking wide-eyed.  Damn!
Immediately, he slapped his cold nickel cuffs around my wrists.  When he pulled me back towards him, the large metal cross fell off the wall and hit the floor.  A loud “clank” echoed throughout the hall.
A hospital security guard came running up the hall towards us.  It was Jack Patterson.
“What’s going on here, Pete?” Jack Patterson demanded.
Officer Ryan straightened his back.  “This doesn’t concern you,” he bellowed.  “She’s wanted for assaulting Mike Riverside — a minor — at school the other day.”
A MINOR?  I could feel my eyes rolling.  That’s a bit of a stretch, to say the least.  As soon as Officer Ryan had announced officially “who I was” and “what I’d done”, the entire staff of nurses and technicians who’d been watching erupted in cheers for my apprehension.  Several of them clapped, and one little witch even came over to shake Officer Ryan’s hand.
Jack Patterson seemed a bit skeptical.  The stocky security officer scratched his head.  “Did the Riversides’ press charges against her?” he asked.
“No,” Officer Ryan snapped.  “I’m an honorable officer, and I have to uphold the law.  I can’t just let a violent crime like this go unnoticed.  Especially when there was a room full of witnesses who will attest to what she did.”
Jack Patterson stood there shaking his head.  “That’s WHY you’re arresting her?  It wouldn’t have anything to do with the ‘honorable’ bet you placed on the last game, now would it?  I heard you gave Terry Cobb an even grand the other day.”
I listened quietly while Mr. Patterson accused Officer Ryan of placing an illegal bet with Terry Cobb, a shady dirt-bag who was a notorious small-scale bookie and moonlighted as the town’s resident pimp.
Officer Ryan’s brow rose.  “You don’t know jack — Jack!  I’m taking her in!”  Not even a second after Officer Ryan pressed the button, the elevator began to rise towards our floor.
Oh, NOW it comes!  I lowered my head, disgusted by the recent turn of events.  I wasn’t so much concerned about Officer Ryan, or even the fact that I was being hauled in to jail.  My only gnawing thought was placing my “one phone call” with a magic purple rock.
Ughhh!  He’s going to be SO pissed…
While we waited for the elevator, my gaze casually drifted down to the large metal cross lying on the shiny terrazzo tiles.  Jack Patterson picked it up off the floor.  He handled it in a rather unusual way — grabbing it by its small tip, rather than by its much longer end.  Almost involuntarily, I tuned out all the random sounds and noisy chatter as a strange feeling overwhelmed my mind.  My eyes were fixated on Jack Patterson as he presented the metal cross to one of the women at the nurse’s station.  The way he was holding it upside down, it looked like…a sword.  Suddenly, a memory surfaced about what Mike had revealed when he’d driven me to the mine after the dance.  About Lazarus chanting to some sort of cross he kept in a chest.  The “ding” from the arrival of the elevator mirrored the bell that was going off in my head.
My eyes shot open.  The HILT!  It did resemble a cross!  Tanner was right.  That had to be what Lazarus was chanting to… It makes perfect sense.  It did lead him here.  It’s been here all along!
As soon as the stainless-steel door opened, Officer Pete Ryan shoved me into the elevator.  I crashed into an empty stretcher parked idly inside.
Jack Patterson rushed over and began to chastise Officer Ryan.  “You don’t have to be so rough with her, Pete!”
He snarled back at Jack Patterson.  “Trust me… She can handle it.”
I have to find that hilt, but first…I need to take care of a little “police business”, I noted quietly as I watched him enter the elevator.
“This will be an arrest I won’t forget,” Officer Ryan announced smugly as the elevator doors closed.
Not if I can help it…
“Alone” arrived a lot quicker than I’d anticipated.  No one else was in the elevator, so Officer Pete Ryan spun me around and pinned my hips against the stretcher, just for kicks.
“I have to frisk all violent criminals,” Officer Ryan guffawed.
As he patted me down, I could tell he was taking a lot of enjoyment in this standard procedure.  In fact, his enjoyment was pressing against my rear.
Ugh!  I’m gonna puke… Mental note — Change of plans.
Officer Ryan paused and tapped several times on the front pocket of my jeans.  “What do we have here?”  He reached in and pulled out my two little stones — the tumbled amethyst and the rough serpentine.  He held them up in the air.  “Hmmm… Rocks could be considered dangerous weapons.”
You have no idea, I grumbled as I turned around, glaring.
Officer Ryan was standing there casually, tossing my stones up and down in the air like a reckless fool.
“I’m surprised,” he chucked, “I figured you just had ’em in your head.  I didn’t expect to find ’em in your pants, too.”
“You’re an asshole,” I replied flatly.
The cocky officer grinned.  “Sticks and stones.”
This time I laughed with him — sarcastically, of course.  I waited until his eyes were looking up at the stones in mid-air, then I used my head to cold-cock the arrogant bastard.  One quick blow to the front of his skull was all it took for him to drop to his knees.  Though it was hard (mentally), I did manage to keep a lid on 99% of my strength.  I even caught my stones behind my back before they landed on the floor.  Quickly, I snapped the chain connecting the handcuffs.  I bent down and felt his wrist for a pulse.  I shook my head and giggled.  What do you know?  He does have a heart after all.
I glanced up at the digital numbers above the elevator door.  We were almost at the first floor.  Without a second to lose, I hoisted him up and threw him on the vacant stretcher.  The broken cuffs were dangling like bracelets from my wrists.  I’d succeeded in yanking one of them off, but I had to stop abruptly when I heard the sound of the elevator “dinging”, announcing the arrival to our destination.  Not knowing whom (if anyone) would be standing outside when the doors opened, I quickly yanked the loose white sheet over Officer Ryan to conceal him from anyone’s sight and tucked my stones back inside my pocket.
From out of the corner of my eye, I noticed the doors were now open.  I looked over to see Beverly Rhodes standing there, staring wide-eyed back at me.  She stepped into the doorway of the elevator.
“Shiloh?  What are you doing?”  She spotted the shiny handcuff still locked tightly around my wrist.  I’d tried to hide my hand behind my back, but I was too late.  Beverly gazed at the stretcher suspiciously and then whipped back the crisp white sheet.
“Pete Ryan?” Beverly questioned, confused.   She glanced down at the dangling cuff on my hand.  “Did YOU do this?”  Before I could say anything she waved her hand in the air in a “shushing” motion.  “Don’t tell me,” Beverly insisted and grabbed his wrist to check his pulse.  Once she had discovered it, Beverly leaned over him and gave his forehead a hard “flick” with her fingers.
“Shiloh, honey…I’m going to show you what cocky ‘big pricks’ get,” she announced with a devious look igniting her eyes.
Beverly motioned me out of the elevator as she covered Officer Ryan back up with the sheet.  While she guided the stretcher out into the hall, I whispered to her “why” he was arresting me.  She was instantly outraged.  Beverly hurried over to a nearby desk where she grabbed a chart and began jotting something down.
Beverly hugged me and instructed, “Run along now, Shiloh.  I have to take our patient down the hall.  You wouldn’t want him to be late for his procedure, now would you?”
“What procedure?” I asked curiously.
Beverly flipped the chart around.  “His colonoscopy, of course.  And don’t you worry…after I pump him full of Rohypnol, he won’t remember a thing,” she added with a wink and then shooed me away with her hands.  “Bye, Shiloh.”
I couldn’t help but laugh as I watched Beverly Rhodes bounce down the hall with a noticeable pep-in-her-step.
Thank you, Beverly, I praised as I ripped the other cuff off my wrist and tossed it in a nearby trashcan.  I’d planned on compelling the good officer, but her plan had a nicer ring.
I’ve always liked her, I thought as I bolted out the door and then dashed into the woods, headed in the direction of the Riverside estate.  My next stop — the guesthouse.


Chapter  24 — A Girl’s Best Friend

Colorful freshly fallen leaves swirled around me as I barreled across the mountainside.  I couldn’t help but notice what a particularly beautiful fall day it had turned out to be.  It made me wonder where Bea would be taking me.  Would there be an autumn?  We could be going to some deserted island for all I knew, or worse — another cave.  Tonight’s fall sunset may be my last.
I’d better drink it in before we leave this evening…
As soon as the Riverside estate came into view, I reduced my speed down to a light jog.  I approached the palatial manor with the same sense of awe I always did.  An intimidating, wrought iron fence wrapped around all eighty-four acres of the heavily wooded and secluded grounds.  Towering brick columns connected the sections of iron and gave the stately property the appearance of an impregnable fortress.
I know what part I’ll be scaling, I noted confidently.
The automated main entry gate lay up ahead.  Cautiously, I veered to the right and followed along the perimeter of the landscape, staying well hidden amongst the bushes.  I could see the main house off to my left.  It was just as grand as I remembered from the countless company parties and events my family had attended here over the years.  Though there weren’t any festive decorations hanging or white lights twinkling, the house was still impressive nonetheless.  The massive Neoclassical home had been custom built by Harper Riverside about ten years ago.  A timeless, deep crimson brick covered its façade while a decorative copper roof sat atop the magnificent mansion like a shiny crown.  The entrance welcomed its visitors with a pretentiously embellished portico supported by eight colossal fluted columns that I swear soared higher than most of their trees.  Ornate pediments topped rows and rows of meticulously framed windows — and I would bet my right hand that the elaborate black shutters flanking them had never swung the first daggone inch.  As always, the grounds of the estate looked just as immaculate.  Its landscaping was constantly being updated by their gardeners.  Today, I could see a variety of colorful mums placed in every fancy planter and sprinkled in all the surrounding beds.  It was truly breathtaking.  I could stand here all day and fantasize about what it would be like to live in a house like that, but there were other sights to be seen.  Particularly, another grand but smaller building located on the property — the guesthouse.
The guesthouse was located towards the rear of the property, nestled beside a small pond.  It was a miniature version of the main house — same brick, roof, and finishing touches, but only a fourth its size.  I crept towards the gate to scope out the scene.  There were no black SUV’s parked outside or vehicles of any kind for that matter.  It appeared that no one was there, but I decided to maintain my stealth-like approach, just in case.
Climbing the wrought iron rails would be a huge mistake.  With no time to waste, I hurried over to one of the brick columns that linked the sections and scaled the twelve-foot pillar.  I jumped down and landed in a cluster of bushes on the other side.
With a watchful eye, I dashed over to the rear of the guesthouse.  I peeked into all the windows as I made a sweep of the perimeter.  I found myself doing a double-take when I passed by an electricity meter.  The numbers on the analog display were spinning rapidly.  Curiously fascinated, I laid my hand on it.  The digits rotated even faster.
Weird.  I guess it’s registering…ME?  The whirling dial slowed back down as soon as I removed my hand, but I noticed that I’d accidently turned the thing over.  I stared at the panel that now read:

000014  —  kWh.

Ooops!  Immediately I felt kind of bad about the unforeseen mishap.  But then again, I thought the Riversides’ could afford it.
I hadn’t spied anyone stirring inside the house, so the coast seemed clear, at least for now.  A shiny brass knob on the front door greeted my eyes when I arrived at the main entry.  I allowed my hand to pause over the decorative oval-shaped knob, which had been engraved with the initial, “R”.
Let’s see if Tanner’s right.  I clutched the brass knob and after a few seconds, I felt a subtle vibration, followed by a distinct “pop” that rang out.  I grinned and thought, Cool, as I turned the knob of the now unlocked door.  With utmost caution, I edged inside.
I didn’t have any time to waste.  It was already pushing 4 o’clock, so a thorough but speedy search would be prudent.   An assortment of anally-matching suitcases and trunks sat stacked in the corner of the foyer.
That’s as good a place as any to start.  I went to rummaging through the bags (all 18 of them).  Not here, I thought as I kicked the side of a large Louis Vuitton trunk.
Next, I headed into the front parlor.  I’d wasted so much time on the luggage I thought, Screw it, and went to ransacking the pristine and posh room.  I checked under the sofa and chairs, inside drawers, looked in every decorative container, and behind pictures that were hanging on the walls.  Clearly desperate, I even rooted around in the dirt of a large planter that held a massive ficus tree.  Still nothing.
I darted across the foyer to check the study.  Swiftly, my eyes traveled around the room, scrutinizing every inch of it.  I automatically honed in on an elaborate mahogany desk that sat off to the side of the room.  Lying on top of it was an unusual looking chest that goaded a closer inspection.
Though the Riversides’ had decorated the house with numerous opulent accessories, this container didn’t strike me as something Elisa Riverside would pick out to go with the home’s décor.  This has to be it.  It was crafted from a strange wood and seemed ancient.  The markings on the chest looked more like a hodgepodge of foreign symbols, rather than a patterned design.  It was certainly a grandiose container but not overly gaudy like most of the other accessories I’d seen.
Always in the last place you look…
I took a deep breath and slowly raised the lid.  Empty!  However, the interior of the chest was lined in a soft burgundy velvet fabric.  A distinct impression had been left behind.  I ran my fingers along the velvety, cross-like outline.  The shape and size of the indentation was identical to the object in my dream.
The hilt… It did lead him here.  He must have it with him, I rationalized, empty-handed and crestfallen.
As I lowered the lid, my ears alerted me to the familiar and uneasy sound of a gun cocking.  My head flew up instantly.  There in the doorway of the study stood one of Lazarus Xcavare’s men, pointing a revolver at me.
“Well, well, well… We’ve been looking everywhere for you.  Ms. Wallace, isn’t it?” the man asked.
I was more startled by his acknowledgement of who “I” was, than by the fact that he was pointing a gun at me (which I felt confident wouldn’t pose a problem).
I guess the cat’s officially out of the freaking bag now.
“Are you going to come quietly?” the man sneered.  “Or am I going to have to use this on you.”
I knew this guy was human because he wasn’t putting out any sort of supernatural vibe like I’d sensed coming from Ferrol.  Though realistically, if he were a Talisman — why would he need a gun?  What I couldn’t understand was how he’d managed to sneak up on me like that.
In an insolent manner, I replied, “Go ahead,” and flashed a fearless grin.
“If that’s what the lady wants,” Lazarus’ henchman replied casually.
As I heard the shot ring out, I thought, I’ll take care of you in a second.
Suddenly, my eyes exploded when I felt the bullet pierce my shoulder, and then a horrible burning sensation coursed through my body like a flame racing along a line of gasoline.  The fiery pain sent me stumbling backward.  I crashed down into a chair sitting behind the desk and looked over at my shoulder.
Damn!  I’m bleeding…  I was blown away, literally.  That bastard actually shot me!  The bullet was lodged deep in my shoulder.  Carving a diamond from my skin felt like a slight scratch compared to this savage agony.  I struggled to prop myself up on the desk.  My body was growing weaker by the second and my mind was racing, trying to stay ahead of the horrific pain.
How could this have happened?
Out of breath and grappling with the bullet’s hellish sting, I looked over at my assailant, who was taking out his cell phone and laughing.
“Oh, I forgot to mention that these are special bullets.  Iron bullets…with a diamond-powder coating.  Very expensive to make, but I guess Lazarus was right when he said that, ‘you’d be worth their cost’.  Only the best for you,” he announced with a devilish laugh.
I scowled at the man who seemed to find a sick kind of pleasure in watching me suffer.  The sharp, burning ache from the diamond powder was starting to subside, but I was now left with feeling the grueling, power-draining effects of the wretched iron.
The man started punching keys on his phone.  “Oh, I’m Karl.  I should’ve introduced myself properly…before I shot you.  That was rude.  You’ll have to excuse me.  I don’t have Lazarus’ manners.”
His call was short and sweet.  Helplessly, I listened to Karl inform the party on the other end that, “he had found me”, made a few cracks about my current frail state, and then hung up the phone.  He tucked his cell back inside his jacket and holstered his gun.
“Okay, time to go for a little ride,” Karl announced.
Just as he’d begun his approach, a knock at the door halted his steps.  Karl rushed into the foyer.  He reappeared and pointed to me.
“Not a word!” Karl ordered with a stern glare and then charged back into the foyer to greet the unexpected visitor.
As I wrestled with the crippling pain, I prayed it was Tanner, though I seriously doubted that he would “knock”.
I knew who it was the second I heard their voice.  Harper Riverside.
“WHERE is Lazarus?” Harper Riverside demanded, who I could tell had entered the house.  “I know he’s backing out of the sale, and I need to speak with him TODAY!  It’s awfully funny how he spent all day yesterday going over safety records that were almost impeccable, and then the mine has several explosions out of the blue — THIS MORNING!  Hell, all the air level readings were normal!  I demand to speak to him NOW!”
“He’s not here, Mr. Riverside,” Karl insisted, “and as you can see by our luggage, we’ll be departing today.  Mr. Xcavare truly regrets that the mine didn’t meet his criteria.  He’s a stickler when it comes to the safety of his mining operations.  He values the lives of his workers just as much as his own.”
I gripped the desk so hard my knuckles turned white.  What a crock!
“My mine is SAFE!” Harper Riverside raged, clearly offended.  “I don’t know what happened.  I’m ready to retire, and I won’t allow this deal to fall through because of some freak explosion.  I’ll hold him to it!  I SWEAR!  My attorney’s already told me to ‘say the word’ and we’ll hold his ass to the fire!”
Harper Riverside stepped into the doorway of the study.  Karl grabbed his arm swiftly and attempted to pull him back.
“I think you had better wait for him up at your house, Sir,” Karl warned.
Harper Riverside jerked his arm away from him.  “This is MY HOUSE!” he roared, “and don’t tell me where I’m going to wait for someone.  I’ll wait for him wherever I DAMN WELL PLEASE!  You’re a guest in my home… Don’t you forget THAT!  Now, I suggest you call and tell him that I’m here!  I’m not leaving until I speak with him and neither are YOU!” he added and poked Karl firmly with his finger.
I became increasingly alarmed as I listened to Mr. Riverside bossing around a man who had just SHOT ME.  The next thing I knew, Harper Riverside had entered the study with Karl right on his heels.
Still oblivious to the fact that I was in the room, let alone hunched over the desk and bleeding all over it, Harper Riverside continued to rant.
“Personally, I think there’s more going on here than meets the eye, so you’d better lawyer-up or get him on the phone now!” Harper Riverside demanded.  “As far as I’m concerned, the sale’s a done deal!  The only way he’ll break it is OVER MY DEAD BODY!”
After firing off his ultimatum, Harper Riverside finally noticed me.
“Shiloh Wallace?   What on earth are you doing here?” he asked, puzzled by my presence.  Mr. Riverside became more than rattled when he noticed the blood pooling on top of the desk.  “Are you…blee—bleeding?” he stammered.  Harper Riverside turned to Karl.  “WHAT HAPPENED TO HER?”
Karl said nothing.  The next thing I knew, he was pulling something out of his jacket — and I was pretty sure it wasn’t his cell phone.  As soon as Karl’s hand reappeared, he pointed his gun at Harper Riverside.
“Wh—What do you think you’re doing?” Harper Riverside gasped.
“Breaking the deal,” Karl insisted with a shrug of his shoulders and a blasé grin, “in the manner that you specified.”  Within less than a second, a loud shot rang out and a stream of smoke rolled off the tip of the gun.
Wide-eyed, I watched Harper Riverside fall to his death on the spot from one fatal shot, right between the eyes.  The appalling image triggered all the same emotions I felt on the night that I’d found Daddy in the bed of his truck.  In spite of all the clashes I’d ever had with the cocky quarterback, my heart instantly ached for Mike.
Karl burst into laughter and looked at my shoulder.  “And you think you’ve got it bad,” he guffawed.  “At least he went quick.  I can’t say the same about your father.”
My feeble frame trembled with rage as I tried desperately to compel him to let me go.  Oddly, none of my attempts worked, which they should have.  After all, he was a stranger who meant absolutely nothing to me.
“When Lazarus found out your father held the title to Shiloh Ridge, he figured he could buy him off with a couple of million… But when your father refused, repeatedly, Lazarus suspected something,” Karl revealed.  “We went out to the mine and offered your father ten million in cold-hard cash and he still said ‘no’.  Lazarus was tired of wasting time and tried to compel him… Oh, you’re familiar with that, aren’t you?”
My glare intensified while I listened to him rattle off the details about the night of my father’s death.
Karl continued snidely, “Sure you are.  Well, anyway… Your father couldn’t be compelled.  No matter how hard Lazarus tried.”  He shook his head and sat down on the edge of the desk.  “That is, until we discovered why,” Karl added as he pulled my father’s diamond necklace out from underneath his shirt.
My eyes exploded with fury.  I wanted to string the cold-hearted bastard up with it, right then and there.  My fists clinched as a tear rolled down my cheek.  I could feel the sky outside churning, and the thunder’s formidable roar mimicked my emotions.
“That infuriated Lazarus.  He knew the diamond was protecting his mind, so he poisoned him.  Your father left him with no other choice.”  Karl shuddered and added, “That powder from his lapis lazuli is some wicked stuff.  You’ll see.  Lazarus has concocted a special brew just for you.  I think it’s fitting you leave this earth…the same way your daddy did.”
I knew I was weak, and my mobility was limited, but as soon at that Son-of-a-Bitch said “daddy”, every ounce of what little energy remained in me started to swell.   It was evident that the storm brewing in the sky outside was fueling my willpower.  Desperately, I attempted to summon a bolt of lightning straight through the roof.  It shook the house when it hit, and a loud “boom” pounded the room.  Karl jumped, but he was only startled by the jolt.  The lightning hadn’t penetrated the house.  I tried it again, and again, feeling the surge of power taking a toll on my frail body.  Nothing!  Every attempt failed.  No matter how hard I tried!  I couldn’t understand why the lightning wouldn’t break through the daggone roof!
Karl laughed.  “I see why Lazarus wants that wand so bad.  You’re a lively little thing,” he remarked and then yanked me out of the chair.
Karl’s face hardened into a scowl right before he backhanded me.  I felt every bit of it, too.  He used enough force to send my weakened body sideways, causing me to smash down hard onto the top of the desk.  Dazed, I caught a glimpse of a lamp that had been accidentally turned on when I’d knocked it onto the floor.  Then it hit me.
The copper roof… It’s drawing the lightning and carrying the electricity away.  As I focused on the illuminated light lying on the floor, suddenly a “bulb” turned on of my own.
Karl jerked me up by my hair.  “Got any other tricks up your sleeve?  Huh?” he growled into my ear.  Then he slammed my face down against the hard mahogany desktop and raised his gun.  “I think I’d better plug you with a few more bullets before we leave to meet Lazarus — just to be safe.”
Without delay, I mustered all of my remaining energy and summoned one more bolt.  However this time, I concentrated on the electrical meter located on the side of the house.  As soon as the bolt struck my mental target, all the lights in the room intensified and flickered.  I quickly extended my arm towards the illuminated light on the floor.  The lightning jumped from the lamp and landed in my eager hand.  Swiftly, I grabbed Karl and shoved all the bolt’s voltage into his chest.  The force of the blast blew him straight across the room and right through the side of the brick house.  A cloud of dust was all that was left in the now, dimly lit room.  I’d blown the power.  The only light streaming into the study was from the hole in the side of the house, left by Karl.  I was extremely weak, but safe — for now.
I reached down to close Mr. Riverside’s eyes on my way out, respectfully.  Karl was lying on the ground outside, reeking of burned flesh.  I stared at the charred hole in his chest while I thought about how I’d struggled with the notion of taking someone’s life.  The idea that being a Talisman and knowing the Wand of Adamas was a weapon I’d be forced to use would ultimately turn me into a killer.  But at that moment, I realized the gift I’d been given didn’t make me a killer — they did.  Karl, Lazarus, whomever wanted me dead, or coveted the wand.  Something I felt was more a part of “who I was” than anything I’d ever known before.  I waited for the inevitable pang of guilt to strike like it always would, causing my nerves to twinge restlessly, my head to cloud, and my heart to weigh me down.  But to my surprise and sheer relief…it never came.  As I gazed into Karl’s lifeless eyes, I realized — without a shadow of doubt — Yeah, I can do this.
I snatched my father’s diamond pendant off his neck.  A small tear formed in my eye as I held it up to the sun.  I looked back down at the man on the ground.  Still extremely pissed, I took my foot and kicked him square in the face.  I struggled to regain my footing.  I was really too weak to have done it, but I just couldn’t resist.  I tucked my father’s necklace securely in the pocket of my jacket as I staggered towards the dreaded iron fence.
Breaking in was a heck of a lot easier than breaking out of the Riverside estate.  The iron bullet lodged in my shoulder had taken a gruesome toll on my body.  My exit was far less graceful than my entry.  Once I’d managed to get back over the daggone thing, I rose to my feet thinking, Somehow I have to get back to the cave.  Tanner’s going to be sooo PISSED!
My speed was markedly slower, and I struggled every step of the way.  Any attempt to rally some extra strength was met with more harrowing pain.  My endurance was fading with every passing second.  I had to stop several times to curb some of my exhaustion.  By the time I’d reached downtown Welch, I knew there wasn’t any way I could make it back to the cave in my present condition or at my current pace.  With two supernatural stalkers hunting me, I had to find some place to hide so I could contact Tanner and hopefully find something to use to dig out the bullet.  I didn’t know which one I was dreading more — removing it or calling him.
As I staggered down Welch’s main street, I pulled the hood of my jacket over my head for some much-needed concealment.  I walked close to the buildings, ready to dart inside one of them if I happened to run into Lazarus or Ferrol.  With my head aimed at my feet, I used my peripheral vision to scan the street for any approaching threats.  Just as I lifted my head to check my location at the corner of McDowell and Wyoming Street, I ran into someone (injured shoulder first, of course) coming out of Rosemary’s Market & Pantry.
I staggered backward and held my breath, trying to muzzle my scream from the intense shooting pain I’d received from the bump.  I secured the hood of my jacket and resumed my pace, focusing only on the ground in front of me.  Whomever I’d run into, the contents of their two grocery bags now littered the sidewalk.  I didn’t care about manners — not today, not right now — so I kept on walking.
“Excuse me!  How freakin’ rude!” a female called out.
The voice stopped me cold.  I would know that bitchy tone anywhere.  Katie.  I turned around and knelt beside her, where she was gathering up her groceries from off the ground.
“Oh, don’t bother NOW!  I’ve got it!” Katie snapped, not even looking my way.  As soon as I reached over and placed a can of soup in one of the bags, she spotted my left hand, the one that donned the golden topaz ring.  Katie stared at my hand for a second and then dropped the groceries she was bagging.
“SHI!” Katie cried out, just before she grabbed me.  Considering my injury, the hug was really too damn tight, but she wasn’t about to let go.
“I’m so sorry, Shi!  I shouldn’t have been so pissy about you not calling me this week.  I was a real bitch yesterday!  I just missed my best-bosom friend.  I wanted to be there for you, and you wouldn’t let me!  PLEASE forgive me!  You have to!” Katie pleaded as she rocked me back and forth.
I was in so much pain from her pressing on my shoulder that I couldn’t even speak.  It had taken my breath.
Katie pulled away from me.  “Shi?  Shi? What’s wrong?”  She looked curiously at the horrible expression on my face and then noticed me staring at her shirt.  She glanced down to find blood all over the right side of her pink blouse.  My BFF shrieked when she realized it was coming from my shoulder.
“Shi, what happened to you?!?” Katie screamed out.  “SHIT!  You’re bleeding!”  She quickly covered her mouth to contain her gags.
I shushed her.  “Katie…I need help.  I have to get out of here.”
Katie whipped out her cell phone.  “You need an ambulance.”
I knocked the phone out of her hand.  “NO!” I insisted.
Katie snatched up her phone.  “But you need a doctor!” she urged.
I put my hand over her cell to block her call.  “Are your parents…at the shop?” I asked, trying to talk through my pain.
“No,” Katie replied.  “They went to Bluefield.  They won’t be back until around seven or eight tonight.  Why?”
“I need to lie down.  Katie, just help me there.  Please don’t call an ambulance.  Please… Just trust me,” I begged.
Katie was wrestling with what she should do — “Do what I asked” or “ignore my request”.  She let out a disgusted grunt as she threw her phone back in her purse.
“Aw, crap!  Come on.”  Katie pulled me to my feet.  She carried her grocery bags in one arm, and wrapped her other around me, guiding my frail frame down the street.
“What happened to you?” Katie asked, still stunned.
“I sort of got…shot,” I answered frankly.
Katie stopped in a jerk and whipped her head around.  “You got SHOT?  How the Hell did THAT HAPPEN?”
“With a gun, Katie.”  My pain didn’t seem to hinder a bit of the amusement I’d found in her question.
Katie continued, “Well, I figured that much, smartass… But where were you?”
If Katie was going to help me, I at least owed her the truth.
“I was at the Riversides’, I confessed.
Katie stopped abruptly again and cried, “Mike Riverside SHOT YOU?”
“NO,” I snapped.  “One of Lazarus Xcavare’s guys, Karl, did.”
Katie didn’t move.  “Why in the heck did he do that?” she asked, clearly dumbfounded.
“Because…I have something Lazarus wants,” I admitted reluctantly.
“What?  Shiloh Ridge?  I heard your daddy left it to you, and that you weren’t selling it.  Ace Barlow’s been runnin’ his mouth all over town.  Hell, the whole town thinks you’re nuts for turning down the money.  You mean they SHOT YOU over a PIECE OF LAND?”
I had to tell her.  We were almost at her parent’s shop, but Katie wasn’t taking another step — not without a good reason.  And unfortunately, the only thing that would satisfy her was “the truth”.
“No.  Not for the land, but for what’s buried underneath it,” I confessed.
Katie rolled her eyes and resumed pulling me down the street.  “What?  COAL?  Ughhh… I think there’s more than enough to go around.  No one needs to go all ‘gangster’ over it.”
“No, Katie…not coal.  A diamond.  A very powerful diamond…that’s in the shape of a long wand.  That’s what they want.  That’s what they came to Welch for in the first place.  Not to purchase a mine, but to locate a stone — a magical stone.”
Standing in front of the store, Katie inserted her key into the lock and paused long enough to shoot me a “you’re flippin’ crazy” look.
“A diamond?  A ‘magical’ diamond?  That’s powerful?” Katie questioned critically.  “I thought you proved in class the other day that there aren’t any diamonds around here, Shi.  Isn’t that right?”
I took a deep breath to rally what energy I had left.  “Katie, I don’t have time for this,” I snapped.  “It’s your choice to believe me or not.  I’m not asking you to.  All I need is for you to find something to pick this bullet out of my shoulder, round up some sea-salt, dump it in some water, and pour it in the freaking wound!”
Katie unlocked the door and shook her head.  “What you need is a surgeon…and probably a shrink!”  She pushed open the door and helped me inside.  I hobbled over to a nearby jewelry case.  Katie turned around to lock the door and quipped, “So, tell me… What kind of magic tricks does this ‘diamond’ actually do?”  Her giggles continued as she turned back around.
Katie’s laughter ceased immediately.  Bright lights were radiating from all the diamond gemstones — in every jewelry case, throughout the store.  The sparkling spectacle soon dwindled down to a soft, steady glow.  Katie stood there, mouth gaped and virtually frozen, while her eyes scanned the room.  I called over to her several times, but she remained firmly locked in a stupefied trance.
Katie muttered, “What the f—”
“KATIE,” I yelled.  She snapped to attention, looking almost too scared to even touch me.  “I think I’m about to pass out…”
Katie quickly grabbed me before I hit the floor.  She helped me to the back room and laid me down on the couch.
“Shiloh, I—I still think you need an ambulance,” Katie insisted in a low voice, looking nervously at my wounded shoulder.
I reached out for her and accidently grabbed her diamond pendant.  I used it to pull her closer.
“No, Katie…I told you what I needed.”  My eyes were starting to become heavy.  “PLEASE, TRUST ME,” I begged.
Her diamond cast an intense shine while I held it in my hand.  Katie noticed it too.  Clearly alarmed, she quickly jerked away and grabbed the store phone off a nearby desk.
I struggled to pull the amethyst from my pocket.  I didn’t know what Katie was going to do, so I gave the stone a tight squeeze and with my last ounce of strength, directed my thoughts to Tanner.  The next thing I knew, I felt the tumbled stone release from my hand, and I watched it hit the floor as I helplessly lost all consciousness.
My mind drifted into darkness.  Soon, I sensed a soft glowing light through my closed lids, though nothing more notable than a flame from a lonely candle.  Someone then swept their hand up and down my face, caressing it gently.  I opened my eyes, struggling to adjust them to the dimness of my surroundings.  I was lying down on some sort of soft cushion while sheer panels of cloth draped down from the ceiling all around.
A voice called out, “Shiloh…”
My head turned to follow the sound of the voice.  To my surprise, I spotted Adamas sitting beside me.  He’d called me by my name.  I wasn’t a bystander, not this time.  The wand’s former owner continued to stroke my face while he directed his words to me.  His touch was comforting, and it warmed my soul.  It reminded me of Daddy.  Somehow he must have sensed I needed it.
“Shiloh,” Adamas spoke, “the time has come for your journey to begin.”
Awestruck by his presence, I didn’t, nor couldn’t speak.
Adamas continued, “This wand and all of its powers, Shiloh, is your destiny.  You must protect it the way I have done throughout the centuries.  I know this gift will bring forth many challenges, so be wary little one.  The diamond’s powers will keep your body strong and your mind clear.  Let your soul guide your decisions, for it will never lead you astray.  Many of them will be difficult, for this path you are taking is not a straight one.  Every bend will force you to question yourself along the way.”
Adamas then took my hand and squeezed it passionately.  The tone in his voice became somewhat grave as he added, “Guard your heart, Shiloh, and be vigilant with it.  One day, it will deceive you…and you will be forced to pay a harsh price.”
Adamas leaned over and kissed my forehead, tenderly.
“For now, I leave you with this.  Keep the wand safe, and it will do the same for you.  Those who seek to claim it will be watching your every move.  Know that the painful decisions you will be forced to make are not selfish ones.  They never are.  You must never think you are making these burdensome choices out of greed, but to protect it…as well as those you love.  There is a difference.  Far more wonders await you, but understand that the wand itself can only divulge these secrets, when it feels you are prepared and worthy of its trust.  Share your thoughts with it and hear its pleas.  Never fear them, for they will guide and comfort you along your way.  Know that even in your darkest hour, when you feel all hope is lost, it will always seek a way to protect you.  The wand will always be watching out for you…”
And with that, he was gone.  I may have been alone in the room, but for some strange reason I could still feel his presence within my heart.
Gradually, I roused from my comatose state.  My eyes fluttered and finally opened to find Katie hovering over me.  She was sitting there, attentively rubbing a rag drenched in salt water over my shoulder.  I didn’t even sense the slightest twinge of pain anymore.  I looked at my arm.  Not only had Katie cleansed my wound, but taken out the iron bullet as well.  I closed my eyes and smiled.  My best friend had trusted me.  She had believed me — beyond the realm of reality — and for that I was truly grateful.
Katie tapped my shoulder.  “I think it’s all healed.  Are you feeling better?”
My eyes panned down my arm.  Katie had even wiped the sea-salt & water elixir over the spot where I’d carved out the diamond for Samuel earlier.
“Yeah, it is.  Thank you, Katie…not just for pulling out the bullet, but for believing me.”
“Your welcome,” Katie replied with a heartfelt grin.  “You owe me one for digging that thing out,” she added as her body did a quick shake.  “That was gross.  Seriously!”
I couldn’t help but laugh.  She’d always been easily nauseated by the sight of blood.  Asking her to remove a bullet must have been more than a stretch.  I was strangely curious about what had changed her mind.
“Why did you believe me?”
Katie smiled and stroked a few lingering strands of hair from my face.  “I saw it in your eyes,” she replied honestly.
“What?  The truth?” I asked as I pushed myself up to a sitting position.
“No.  I mean I saw it for real!  These bizarre white streaks started swirling in your eyes and I freaked.  At first, I thought you were having a seizure or something, but then they glowed…like my diamond when you grabbed it, right before you passed out and then well… I just knew,” she announced, beaming the most sincere smile I’d ever seen.
Katie tossed me a shirt.  “Here.  You can change into this and get rid of that bloody one.  You’re lucky ’ole Julia had me pick up our dry cleaning before I came into the shop today.”
“Thanks,” I replied as I whipped off my blood-soaked tee and put on her navy blue button-up shirt.
Katie plopped down on the sofa beside me.  “Okay… Now that you’re healed and all cleaned up — spill it!”  She pointed to me and demanded eagerly, “And don’t leave out A THING!”
Just as I’d told Samuel, I revealed every crazy thing that had happened over the past week.  Katie was floored.  I was actually surprised by how she took it.  As chatty as what my BFF normally was, all she could say whenever I’d stop to take a breath was, “Damn”.
When I’d finished, she threw herself back against the sofa and announced, “I’m soooo jealous.”
I let out a laugh.  “Jealous?  Because I’m a supernatural with powers, or the fact that I’m on two Talisman’s Most-Wanted list?”
“Hell no!  I’m jealous because you’ve been gettin’ to run around with that hottie Professor Grey all this week,” she sighed and added, “Damn…”
I shook my head.  “Yeah, well…I think there’s more to Professor Grey’s charm than meets the eye.  I’ve noticed too many females are quick to fall under his spell.”
Speaking of Tanner Grey…
I searched my pocket for the amethyst, but it wasn’t there.  I dug my hands down into the sofa cushions looking for it.
“Katie, have you seen a tumbled purple stone?  I think I had it in my hand earlier.”
Katie pointed over to the desk.  “It’s over there.  You dropped it right before you passed out.  It was glowing a couple of times while you were out.”
I cringed at the thought of Tanner receiving the image I’d sent him of me lying on Katie’s parents couch all bloody.  I felt even worse knowing I hadn’t returned any of his mental messages because I’d passed out.  There wasn’t a doubt in my mind — he was livid.  I grabbed it without hesitating.  Might as well get this over with.
“What are you doing?” Katie asked.
“I need to contact him,” I answered as I waved the stone in the air.
Katie looked puzzled.  “What?  On that?”
“Yeah.  I can speak to him with it and send him my thoughts.”
“Really?  How’s the reception?” Katie quipped.
I jabbed her with my elbow.  “Funny,” I laughed dryly.  “I’m really dreading this.  I’m sure he’s way past furious right about now.”
“Don’t worry about it.  Tell him there wasn’t a tower where you were… Or better yet, that you went over your minutes,” Katie teased.
My eyes narrowed as I shrugged off her cracks and directed my thoughts to Tanner.  I felt the overwhelming need to express a deep feeling of regret as I apologized to him.  I let him know I was “okay” and would be heading back to the cave “pronto”.  I ended the transmission with another apology.  I figured it couldn’t hurt, but I doubted it would help.
Suddenly the store’s doorbell started buzzing.  We both jumped in unison.  Seeing how silly we looked, we started laughing uncontrollably.  Katie hopped up.
“I put the ‘CLOSED’ sign in the window.  It’s probably UPS.  The driver called earlier to make sure someone was going to be here to sign for a delivery.  It’s an engagement ring that Charlie Fisher ordered.  I think he’s going to give it to that waitress, Naomi.  I’ll just be a second.”
As Katie headed off to the front of the store, I sat there grinning.  I knew there was something going on between those two…
Katie charged back into the room in a huff.
“It’s not UPS!  It’s Lazarus!  And some creepy, pale guy with long black hair!” Katie blurted frantically.
I sprang to my feet. “SHIT!  They have to know I’m here or can at least feel something.  That Ferrol guy’s a hunter!”
I looked at the clock on the wall.  I’d been here for almost a half-hour.  No one saw me leave the guesthouse… Something must have led them here?  But what?  My energy?
Katie rushed me over to the back door.
“Go, Shi!” Katie urged.  “I’ve got this.  I’ll distract them, so you can get a head start.”
“No, Katie!  They’re too dangerous!  Lazarus already killed Daddy.  Who knows what he’ll do if he finds out that I’ve been here and thinks you’re trying to trick him.  NO WAY!”
“Didn’t you say he killed your dad because he saw the rough diamond around his neck?” my BFF posed with a gleam.
I reluctantly nodded back.  “Yeah.  So?”
“Well, I don’t have a diamond from Adamas…or you.  See… I just have this one.”  Katie held up the little cut and polished diamond pendant that she’d had for years.  “I’ll tell him that we closed up early for the day and go straight home.  Simple.”
“NO!  I can’t let you do that!” I protested.
Katie put her hand on my cheek and smiled.  “You’re not letting me do anything.  I’m doing it because I want to help my bosom friend, because I know in my heart that she would do the same for me.”  Katie kissed my forehead and pointed to the back door.  “Now, shut up and get out of here.  Just call me later, so I’ll know you’re safe.”
I nodded back as she headed for the front of the store.  If she was dead set on helping, I couldn’t let her go out there defenseless.
“Wait,” I called out.  “Come here and let me see your diamond.”
“Why?” Katie asked, confused.
“I’m going to try to transfer some of my protection to it.  Lazarus will never suspect it, since its didn’t originate from a Talisman.”  I took hold of her diamond pendant and closed my eyes.
“Can you do that?” Katie asked.
“Tanner said ‘I shouldn’t do it’, because sometimes they were unpredictable, but he never said I couldn’t,” I affirmed confidently.  “Hell, I’ve got to at least try.”
“Okay, but hurry up,” Katie pleaded.  “The longer I keep them waiting, the more suspicious they’ll be.”
With that, I closed my eyes and focused on my psychic powers of protection and sent them into Katie’s sparkly diamond stone.  All I could think about was making sure Lazarus stayed out of her head and keeping her precious soul safe.  However I did notice it felt a little different this time.  I sensed the diamond being charged and the powers transferring, but the gemstone vibrated in my hand — the others born from my flesh never did that.  Once the light had faded, Katie tossed me my jacket, gave me a hug, wished me luck, and hurried off to the front of the store.
The heavy back door slammed to a close behind me, sending my already worrisome heart another fearful jolt.  I hope that worked.  If not, she’s going to be the one needing all the “luck”.  Please, Katie… Just get them out of there quickly!
My head started to throb as I headed down the alley.  I pressed my hands into my temples to force the pressure to subside.  The next thing I knew, the sound of Tanner Grey’s voice calling out my name, over and over, flooded my mind.  I whipped around in all directions to look for him, but he wasn’t there.  Immediately, I realized he was “returning my call”.
His message was short & sweet.  “Little girl… Get your ass to Beatrix’s house — NOW!”
The angry grit in his tone jolted me straight into a cringe.
I knew it… Definitely “livid”.  Once all of my muscles had relaxed, I was off and on my way — apprehensively headed for Bea’s.


Chapter  25  —  Uninvited

As fate would have it, Tanner and I both arrived in front of Beatrix’s house at precisely the same time.  My prediction was correct.  No “warm welcome” awaited me at the foot of her walk.  All of those blissful effects were being blocked — on purpose.  Straightaway, he snatched my arm and jerked me along the winding path that led to Bea’s front door.
Tanner stopped abruptly halfway up the walk.  “Well, that message you sent was the perfect ending to my day!” he barked.
I could tell Tanner had only released me from his grasp so he could make full use of his arms throughout his theatrical hissy-fit.
“My intentions when I left this morning was to locate the whereabouts of the hilt, while trying to keep an eye on Lazarus and Ferrol — to protect you — who by the way, was supposed to be safe and sound…BACK IN THE CAVE!  Instead, I spent the entire day being ATTACKED!  Every time I turned around, there was another one of Lazarus’ guys bombarding me with carnelians or trying to mow me down with iron bullets.  I went by the guesthouse about an hour ago.  I thought I might catch them there.  Do you know what I found instead?”
I pursed my lips and gazed at the cobblestone path under my feet.  I knew full well what he’d asked wasn’t a question.
Tanner let out a laugh. “Of course you do.  It was Karl.  DEAD ON THE LAWN and traces of YOUR BLOOD, which by the way, leaves a diamond residue when it dries out.”
Wide-eyed, I stared at Tanner.  THAT I didn’t know.
Obviously frustrated, Tanner raked his fingers through his brown mane aggressively.  “Then,” he continued, “I get this vague image of you SHOT, bleeding, and extremely weak.  You didn’t tell me WHERE YOU WERE.  I didn’t know what the Hell to think or do, BECAUSE YOU NEVER RETURNED MY MESSAGES!”  Tanner let out a sharp laugh.  “Oh, ‘I promise’…‘I won’t leave the cave’…‘Only if it’s an EMERGENCY’!” he mocked and then tugged me towards the front door.
I knew I’d be treading on thin ice, but I had to defend my actions.  I didn’t want him thinking I was some irresponsible, untrustworthy brat who couldn’t care less about following his orders.  My own father had never chewed me out like this before.  Nobody had!
I planted my feet firmly on Bea’s front stoop.  “It was an EMERGENCY!  I wouldn’t have left if it weren’t!”  I could tell by the dubious expression on his face that my “simple answer” wasn’t going to scratch my name off his shit-list any time soon.
I grunted back at him.  “You aren’t the only one who’s had a CRAPPY DAY!  After you left the cave, a blast rocked the whole mountain, and I found out there had been several explosions at the mine.  I had to check on Samuel.  He was trapped in one of the tunnels.  That’s the only reason why I left the daggone cave in the first place!”
Tanner’s purple eyes darkened as a scowl set onto his face like stone.  He threw open the front door and pushed me inside.
“I went to the hospital, to make sure he was okay, where — just so you know — I was arrested by a steroid-pumping cop!  Apparently he was pissed because I took out our team’s star quarterback right after he’d placed a huge bet on Welch to win next week’s game.  Then, after I waylaid him — AGAIN — I headed over to the Riversides’ guesthouse to find the hilt.  All I found was its empty chest.  Well that, and a pistol packing Son-of-Bitch who ‘SHOT ME’ with a freaking diamond-dusted iron bullet!  He had Daddy’s diamond pendant around his neck protecting him from my compulsion.  I finally managed to escape, after I realized the daggone copper roof wouldn’t let any of my lightning bolts pass through the house.  I was too weak to make it back to the cave, but luckily I ran into Katie.  She removed the bullet from my shoulder and patched me up.  I passed out right after I sent you that first message.  I’m sorry I couldn’t answer you.  I was unconscious… MY BAD!”
“Wait a second,” Tanner replied with a suspicious glare, “You mean your friend, Katie, knows what you are?”
My mouth dropped open, but I didn’t say a word.
Tanner smacked his hands together.  “I take it back.  THAT’S the perfect ending to my day!”  He grabbed my arms and insisted, “I told you how dangerous it is to reveal your identity to anyone…especially people you care about!”
I jerked out of his grasp and turned away from his glare.  I looked around at the now practically empty house.  The room felt just as cold as the emotionally charged words flying between us.  I couldn’t stand him looking at me like I was a child in need of reprimanding.  I turned my gaze to a spot on the wall where a small nail hole remained and attempted to tune him out, even if only temporarily.
Beatrix entered the room.  “You two need to control yourselves,” she scolded.
“Oh, I’m going to take control all right,” he declared to Beatrix.
Well that’s awfully presumptuous, I thought as I threw him a blistering scowl.
I couldn’t help but notice that Tanner, whose attitude now seemed arrogantly calm, was unfastening his woven silvery belt.  Stunned by his strange behavior, my brow furrowed with apprehension.  Why is he doing THAT?
“I should’ve done this before I left her this morning,” Tanner announced as he used one of his hands to whip off his belt.  A harsh “crack” jarred my senses as it rang throughout the room.
Beatrix shushed him.  “Tanner, put that thing away,” she ordered in a whisper.
Now, I was alarmed.  OH NO HE’S NOT, I thought as my eyes lit up with disbelief.
Tanner directed his gaze to Beatrix while his finger pointed dead at me.  “This little girl is going to have to realize that disobeying orders could get herself killed, not to mention, endanger others.  She’ll control those impulses one way or another.”
I flinched as soon as Tanner hurled his woven metal belt my way.  I threw my hands up to block it when suddenly, the belt magically wrapped around my left arm and locked itself securely in place.
“What is THIS?” I demanded as I tried my best to loosen the silvery strap that wouldn’t budge.
Tanner appeared more relaxed.  “It’s a belt.  A tin belt,” he stated casually.
My eyes narrowed as I looked suspiciously at the pliable, woven metal belt.  “And what exactly does ‘tin’ do?” I probed angrily.
Tanner grinned.  “It’s a physical restraint really.  It doesn’t work on your mind, but let’s just say that it will make you more compliant.  You’ll have to do everything I say, or it’ll immobilize you.”
I’m eighteen, not a damn three-year-old, I raged to myself.
“Get it off me — NOW!” I protested.
Tanner approached with a bold swagger and looked at my tin-clad arm.  He raised his hand, only to give the woven band of metal a brash “flick” with his fingers.  With a brazen smile, he leaned into my face.  “Not even if you said, ‘pretty please’.”
I glared back at him.  “Tell him to take it off me, Bea!”  I could feel my emotions seething and sensed the white-hot streaks swirling in my eyes as my temper flared.
“I think both of you need to stop,” Beatrix advised curtly.
Tanner leaned closer.  “I can make her stop,” he assured Beatrix with a smug twinkle in his eye.
My glare intensified.  “Do it,” I taunted.
“For the last time, you two need to SHUT UP!” Beatrix yelled.
The tension between us must have been more than what Beatrix could stand.  Though both our eyes were fiercely locked onto each others, we couldn’t help but be a little stunned by the obviously aggressive and rattled tone coming from the little old lady who never lost her cool.
Simultaneously, we shifted our stares and both asked, “Why’s that?”
Beatrix looked perturbed.  She uncrossed her arms and pointed to the front door as she let out a disgusted sigh.  “Because we’ve had company for the past minute,” she revealed.
Tanner and I whipped our heads around to see Ty standing in the doorway of the living room, wide-eyed and motionless, holding my purse that I’d left at the football field last night.
“FANTASTIC!” Tanner scoffed.  “You know we still have time to gather up all of your friends so you can reveal yourself to them at the same time.”  He looked back and forth at us.  I could tell he was reading our emotions.  He shook his head peevishly.  “I would make you compel him,” Tanner whispered as he glanced down at the tin belt still locked around my arm, “but something tells me it wouldn’t work, even if you tried.”
Beatrix took Tanner by his arm.  “Let’s step outside, Tanner.  I think they need a moment and the fresh air will do you some good.”
They both walked past Ty, but the handsome high school jock’s stare never broke.  His eyes remained solely focused on me.
The silence was nerve-racking, and the tension I sensed between us was only making it worse.  I didn’t know exactly how long he’d been standing there, but I felt pretty confident I was about to find out.
“I, um…I’ve been trying to find you…all day.  Someone locked me inside the locker room last night…and when I finally broke out, the stadium was wrecked, someone had beaten up Coach Hayes, and you were gone.  I found your purse under the bleachers, so I went by your house last night to give it to you and to see if you were okay…but you never showed up.  I waited outside your house all night.  I didn’t even go to school today.  I’ve been too worried, but I see you’re fine… Apparently… Well, with the exception of your eyes lighting up like you were trying to signal a lost ship when you were arguing with that guy from Ms. Fitz’s class.”
This was the most inhibited I’d ever seen the confident Tyler Smith in my entire life.  Ty stepped close enough to place the purse in my hands.  Before he could walk away, I grabbed his arm and held onto it tightly.  Supernatural force wasn’t needed.  Ty didn’t seem to want to move.
Tanner and Bea reappeared.
“You need to wrap this up,” the Amethyst Talisman ordered bluntly.  “We have to get you out of here.  You’re leaving with Bea, remember?”
Ty looked even more confused.
I turned to Tanner.  “Can we go back to the cave?  Let me try one more time, before I have to go.  Please?” I begged.
Tanner shook his head.  “No, it’s too dangerous.  You couldn’t pull it out this morning.  What makes you think you’ll be able to do it now?”
“When I was unconscious, Adamas appeared to me in a dream,” I insisted.  Tanner and Beatrix looked at each other curiously.  “He spoke to me…about my bond with the wand.  It couldn’t have been just a memory.  Adamas actually spoke to me.  He called me by my name.”
Tanner shook his head and started to speak, but Beatrix cut him off.  “If she says Adamas spoke to her, then he did,” she affirmed with a stern nod.
Tanner looked mindful at Beatrix.  “All right.  We’ll stop by the cave, but if it doesn’t work, you’re out of here, TONIGHT!  Do you understand?”
My head started nodding uncontrollably before I could even get a chance to verbally agree.  I felt like a possessed bobble-head doll, courtesy of one tin belt that was still locked around my arm.
Tanner lowered his head to conceal his amusement.  I extended my arm towards him and purposely cleared my throat.
He got the message.  Willingly, Tanner removed the tin belt and wove it back through the loops of his weathered jeans.  “Let’s go,” he ordered.
I couldn’t just run off from Ty — not again.  He’d already stumbled into the middle of something utterly bizarre, and I owed him some kind of explanation.  Tanner wasn’t going to like it, but I had to give Ty one — regardless of whatever objections he may have (especially now, since he’d removed that hunk of tin from my arm).
“One hour,” I requested.  “Just give me one hour, and I’ll meet you there.  Please, Tanner?  I need to talk to Ty.”  I could see Tanner’s nostrils starting to flare.  “And I have to stop by my house anyway, to get a few things I’ll need if I have to leave.”
“NO!  We’ll buy you whatever you’ll need.  Absolutely not!” Tanner refused sharply.
“You can’t buy what I have to get, Tanner,” I replied somberly.  “It’s something of my father’s.”
Tanner looked over at Beatrix, who seemed to be on my side.  He tilted his head back at the ceiling and sighed.
“Be at the cave in one hour.  I’ll do a quick sweep of the area and see if I can locate Lazarus.  I don’t like the idea of him running around out there not knowing where he is or what he’s planning.”  Tanner reached inside his pocket and pulled out two small carnelians, which he handed straight to me.  “I think you know how these work.  You can use them if you run into Lazarus before I do, but they won’t work on Ferrol…so be careful.”  Tanner pointed to Beatrix as he walked out of the room.  “Keep your eye on her,” he ordered and then slammed the front door.
“I’ll give you two some privacy,” Bea insisted softly.
Ty jumped unexpectedly.  He was thrown for a loop when she blatantly revealed her third-eye and winked it at him as she headed off to the kitchen.  He was still in shock as I led him over to the only chair left in the room and sat him down.
I knelt beside him.  “I think I need to fill in some things I may have left blank last night,” I confessed without a single reservation.
Ty, who was still focused on the doorway that Bea had left through, redirected his stare back to me.  “You think?” he replied candidly.
Since I only had a limited amount of time, I pretty much hit the highlights of the past week.  But unlike Katie and Samuel, he had a ton of questions.  Each one I answered honestly and as quickly as I could.
“And that’s why I have to go away for a while.  I don’t know how long I’ll be gone,” I replied with a tone that reeked of uncertainty.
“Shi, isn’t there anything I can do?” Ty asked anxiously.  “I could go with you and help protect you,” Ty insisted.
How sweet… It’s a naïve and unrealistic thought, but still sweet.
“Ty,” I began, “if I hadn’t had that blue chalcedony to use on the Onyx last night, I’m afraid you would have been the next victim he possessed.  I know it.  I can’t let that happen.  You can’t protect me.”
Beatrix came in with two cups of cider and placed them on a folding tray beside us.  I started thinking about what Adamas had revealed in my vision, regarding my heart.  That was weighing heavily upon me.  I couldn’t have anyone I cared about around me.  They would only sway the hard decisions I knew I would be forced to make.
I gave Ty’s hands a lingering squeeze as I rose to my feet.  “I can’t afford to have you around.  You mean too much to me.  You can’t go with me.”
I looked over at Beatrix.  “I’ll see you in a bit, Bea.”
She quietly nodded back.  I looked down at Ty, who remained seated uncomfortably in his chair.
“Bye, Ty,” I said as I headed for the front door.
Before I could get the door halfway open, a hand pushed the hardwood slab to a steady close.  Ty turned me around to face him and stared deeply into my eyes in a way that was only reserved for star-crossed lovers who may never see each other again.  He leaned closer and caressed the side of my face, guiding his fingertips gently along my cheek and then brushed them over my lips.  I knew what was coming, and as much as I wanted it — I couldn’t let it happen.  Not like this.  I had to stay focused.  Once our lips touched, I would be driven crazy by the fact that we were separated, and thoughts of Ty would haunt me every hour of every day I was away from him.  I’d never felt like this about anyone before — but I knew myself — and that’s precisely how it would be.
As he pressed me against the door and began his approach, I lifted my hand up to halt his eager mouth.  He ended up kissing the tips of my fingers instead.  The warm touch of his soft lips made every nerve in my body tingle all at once.  Confused by my gesture, he gazed back at me curiously.  I could see uncertainty quivering within his heavenly blue eyes.  I leaned closer to whisper in his ear, gently rubbing my cheek against his purposely.
“No, Ty… Not like this.  Not now,” I murmured.
Ty stared back at me for a moment.  He looked controlled, but I could sense his fear.  If his body language didn’t give him away, his mind sure did.  At that moment, his only want in the world was to kiss me, and that made my heart feel like it was about to soar right out of my chest.  But, he wasn’t sure I’d ever return, which sent it into a tailspin.  So, I, along with my heart, came crashing back down to reality.  To ease his restless emotions (and mine), I raised his hands to my lips and gently kissed them.
As I stepped outside, I turned to him and swore, “I want something to look forward to.”  With that said, I shut the door, took a deep breath, and was off like the wind.
Since my countdown clock was ticking, I blazed a straight and guided path through the woods, headed for my house.  I didn’t know which was racing faster — “me” or “my heart”.  I had about ten minutes left to pick up a few things (namely Daddy’s shirt) and get to the cave.  I was bound and determined to do at least one of two things tonight, pull the diamond wand from its rocky cradle or not be late for Tanner Grey.
I slowed to a jog when I reached the start of our gravel drive.  Ace Barlow’s Lincoln was parked right out front.  Oh, great!  I didn’t want any drama, especially now, so I decided to climb up the side of the house and sneak into my bedroom.  There wasn’t any need for a formal good-bye, not when it came to Charlotte.  A simple note would do.  That way, when she found it on my bed once she realized I’d been gone for a month (or two), she could start throwing my things out of the house guilt-free.
As soon as I entered my bedroom (via window), I grabbed a duffle bag and threw it on my bed.  It landed right beside a plastic basket full of freshly folded laundry.  There was a note lying on top.  I snatched it up and read,

I thought we could bury the hatchet — Mom
I truly enjoyed doing this for you!

I tossed the note down on the bed.  I can’t believe she thinks doing one load of laundry in twelve years will convince me to sell Shiloh Ridge.  She’s nuts…
I didn’t have the heart to tell her the deal was no longer “on the table”.  I wasn’t that cruel.  I spotted several of my favorite tops and jeans lying in the basket, as well as the red ruby-dyed tracksuit Beatrix had given me the other day.  I packed it and a few other things in my canvas duffle bag.  Quickly, I ran to my closet to get Daddy’s shirt.  I looked all through it, but my memento wasn’t there.  I checked under my bed, under my covers, and under my pillows, but I still couldn’t find it anywhere!
A horrible feeling set into the pit of my stomach when my eyes fell on the laundry basket and THE NOTE.  I threw out the remaining layers of clothes, one by one, until I reached the last item lying on the bottom.  Sadly, there it was.
My shoulders plummeted into a defeated slump.  BITCH…
My blood began to boil with rage.  I picked up the blue and white striped shirt and held it up to my nose.  My nostrils flared as soon as I realized Daddy’s musk and spearmint scent had been replaced with the smell of cheap detergent.
THE ONLY THING I WANTED!  The last thing that helped me feel Daddy’s presence!  There would be no more closing my eyes to smell him and imagining he was still physically with me.  The heartless bitch had seen to that when she’d driven this final nail in my coffin.  I picked up the note and focused on the last line.  I stomped my foot on the floor.  TOTALLY ON PURPOSE!
Seven minutes, I fumed as I paced uncontrollably around my room.  My eyes fell back onto my blue and white striped keepsake that lay on the bed, now useless.  I know I said I didn’t want any drama, but…SCREW IT!
I grabbed the shirt and flew down the steps on a mission.  I was well aware of Charlotte’s issues with me, but this callous act was just as much of a slap against Daddy — maybe more?  I searched the house for her relentlessly.  Ace Barlow’s car was still parked outside.  Right then, I realized where she was.  I slung my purse down on the table in the foyer and charged back to her bedroom.  I grappled with the locked doorknob for only a second.  Even though it was brass, I decided to kick the damn thing open.
The door slammed so hard its knob was now firmly lodged into the room’s sidewall.  I wasn’t the least bit surprised to find Ace Barlow lying on Daddy’s side of the bed when I’d entered.  However, I became more than a little unhinged at the sight of the sleazy bastard wearing the robe I’d bought my father for Christmas two years ago!  My eyes narrowed like the blade of a knife as he shot straight up in the bed.  That abhorrent image was all it took for the rowdy redneck in me to come out a blazin’.
“Git out of my father’s bed and take his robe off this instant, unless you want ’em to remove it AT THE MORGUE!” I raged.
“Oh, um, Shiloh… Um, this is awkward,” Ace Barlow muttered nervously as he quickly sprang out of the bed.
I crossed my arms and let out a laugh.  “For who, exactly?  Me?  My father, who’s lying in a grave?  You?  Or Kimberly…your WIFE?”
Ace Barlow scrambled to gather up his clothes that were scattered around the room.  “Hey, Charlotte.  You’d better get out here,” he urged nervously.
I averted my head while he wrestled on his pants.  My eyes fell on Charlotte’s dresser.  As soon as I spotted the tiny bottle of ruby cologne, I snatched it up and gave the dainty crystal container a quick swirl.
Charlotte, you certainly don’t need THIS, I thought, as I tucked it inside the pocket of my jacket.  After all, it had been left here for me to find and realistically, a “lust potion” in the hands of Charlotte Wallace would be a recipe for disaster.  I’d be doing the married females of Welch a public service and probably save a few of them from some jail-time when her adulterous trysts came to light.
Charlotte emerged from the bathroom.  Her bleach-blonde hair was all mussed, and she couldn’t have looked any more whorey if she’d tried, standing there draped in her red satin robe.  She scowled at me, but held her head up immodestly high.  Soon, her eyes sparkled with delight when she spotted Daddy’s shirt wadded up in my hand.
“Something on your mind, dear?” my mother asked, obviously shooting for “innocent”.
I shook my head.  “HERE!”  I hurled Daddy’s shirt at her.  “Before you open that mouth of yours again, plug it with that!  That’s all it’s good for NOW…and congratulations, Mother.  You’ve succeeded in every one of your attempts to antagonize and alienate me!  But to trash Daddy’s memory like that?  To just wash it away?  You may have destroyed my memento, but my memories are still very much intact!  I’ll always carry him with me — in my heart!  Can YOU say the same?” I demanded as I pointed to Ace Barlow, who was grappling with the laces on his shoes.
Regardless of the strong front Charlotte was putting up, I could tell I’d struck a nerve by the icy look on her face.
“Are you FINISHED?” she growled through a set of gritted teeth.
“Yeah, that’s about it,” I replied as I headed for the door.  I threw my hands against the wood doorframe and stopped.  “No,” I announced abruptly.  “I’m curious about something.  Tell me… Which one of you is getting billed by the hour here?” I posed and then stormed out of the bedroom just as Charlotte threw Daddy’s shirt.
After I’d retrieved my purse, I slung it over my shoulder and grabbed the doorknob.  I stood there, clinching it for a moment (pretending it was Charlotte’s neck) and then looked into the living room.  There was her wine bottle sitting on the coffee table.  I’d always felt that her “drug of choice” had contributed to some of her nastiness over the years.  Not all, but some.  I walked over and picked up the opened bottle of Pinot Grigio that was practically full.
Okay, Charlotte… You took away MY security blanket, now I’ll take away YOURS!  With that, I pulled my little amethyst out and dropped it into the bottle.  After a few heated swirls, the stone dissolved into the wine.  There wasn’t the slightest trace of it left.  Bottoms up!  Though I was pleased there wouldn’t be any remaining evidence, I had no idea it would dissipate like that.  But right now, I doubted I would’ve shed a damn single tear if she were to have accidentally choked on it! 
No need to leave a note…NOT NOW!  I didn’t even see the need to go back upstairs to grab the bag I’d packed.  That wasn’t what I’d really come home to get anyway.  I wanted my keepsake!
I stormed out of the house and stopped on the front porch at the sound of the door slamming, halted by a revelation.
As one door closes, another one opens…
A whole new world was waiting for me.  There was nothing keeping me from it, not anymore.  Daddy was gone.  The notion of having a “home” had been buried with him.  All that remained was a cold house with a stifling room that held insignificant things.  My memories would always be inside me.  They were all that truly mattered, and Charlotte could never take those away.
At that moment, I realized the only place I wanted to be was down in that cave, and the only thing I wanted to do was claim my diamond wand — my destiny — once and for all.  I looked at my watch.  Three minutes, I assessed and then took off across the ridge, ready to embrace my future.
I arrived at the entrance to the cave within seconds.  To my surprise, its secret door was wide-open.  Ugh… Well, at least I’m not late.  Disappointed that Tanner had already arrived, I waved my hand to seal the cave and casually trotted down the rocky spiral staircase.  No need to rush now.
I carried on down the steps, past the lit torches, and arrived at the bottom with a minute to spare.  As soon as my foot hit the cave’s earthy floor, I called out, “I’m here, Tanner.”  All I heard were my words echoing throughout the dimly lit, empty cave.  Tanner didn’t answer.
That’s weird, I thought as I looked around the cave.  A vague, restless feeling started to emerge, like I’d forgotten something important, but as soon as my eyes fell upon the wand, it vanished completely from my mind.
I threw my purse down and took a deep breath.  Slowly, I climbed up the rock formation where the wand lay, still imprisoned.  Once more, I watched its dazzling light dance under my fingers all along its shaft as I stroked it back and forth.  However this time, when I felt its energy, it was different.  Not only could I feel the depth of its power, but a strong sense of peace inundated my entire body.  It was indescribable — like all the power in the world was at my fingertips, capable of anything, but surprisingly its energy wasn’t the least bit forceful or seductive.  My eyes closed as I tightened my grip around its shaft.  It was tranquil, almost like an aura of modesty, considering the magnitude of its awesome capabilities.  I’d thought of this wand — this sword — as being something brutal that was solely meant to inflict harm.  But it wasn’t.  My mind had been given a sense of clarity that was able to see past the wand’s mesmerizing, raw power.  It was pure and unpolluted by violent emotions.  Its life force was virtuous, unlike anything I’d felt before, and its power genuinely sought shelter in this savage vessel only for protection.  It had chosen me to reign over it and bear the burden of using its defenses to keep the diamond’s power safe and out of the clutches of evil.
Okay, I thought as I firmly grasped the wand.  I just hope my destiny hears me knocking.  Gently, I started to pull up on the wand when suddenly a hand grabbed my arm.  I let go of it and jumped back.  I turned to see Tanner standing by my side.
“Where have you been?” I asked.
Tanner looked at me curiously.  “Where do you think?  I’ve been out trying to hunt down Lazarus and Ferrol.  Though I have to admit, I’m surprised to see that you beat me here.”
“I didn’t.  You got here before me,” I assured him.
Tanner’s eyes widened curiously.  “No… What are you talking about?”
I pointed up to the entrance.  “The cave’s door was unearthed when I arrived.”
“Shiloh, listen to me.  I just got here.”  Tanner’s brow began to furrow as he checked his watch.  “The sun has already set.  The enchantment I put on the cave has lifted, but that wouldn’t cause the door to open.”
As soon as I heard the words “enchantment” and “door”, my brain scrambled to remember if I’d said the right phrase when I’d left this morning.  The more I thought about it, I shamefully realized I hadn’t said anything at all.  Between the blast and worrying about Samuel, I’d totally forgotten to seal it with the magic words.  I’d simply waved my daggone hands at it as I ran off.
Aw, Crap…
Tanner didn’t even have to see the look on my guilty face.  “I’m sensing a lot, and I do mean, a lot of shame and remorse, Shiloh.  Would you care to explain it?” he grilled.
“No.  Not really,” I declined as I dodged his glare.
“It’s been open ALL DAY… Hasn’t it?” Tanner probed.
I shrugged my shoulders and lowered my head.  “It would appear so.”
Tanner started pacing and rambled out a few choice words.
I thought, Ding, ding, ding… Here goes Round-Two.
“Well, little girl…I hope you at least remembered to leave a few breadcrumbs for Lazarus and Ferrol.  We wouldn’t want them to get lost!”
Without warning, a menacing laugh echoed through the cave and a voice called out, “That wasn’t necessary, though a gracious thought.  I was able to find my way without the need for littering.”
Feeling more dismayed than outright aghast, we whipped our heads around on the spot, towards the direction of the uninvited and regrettably familiar voice.  From out of the shadows strolled Lazarus Xcavare, twirling his cane and looking just as sanctimonious as ever.
Tanner stepped in front of me and took a protective stance.  My reflexes kicked in, and I found myself clutching his arms.
Lazarus laughed.  “Now, Tanner.  You don’t have to act so defensive.  Why I consider anyone who saves me fifty-million dollars a close, personal acquaintance.”  Lazarus removed a crisp white handkerchief from his pocket and started wiping the coal dust from his hands.  “Forgive me, dear, if I don’t call you a friend, but I typically don’t make a habit of wanting to kill my friends.  You understand, don’t you?  It’s bad for the overall relationship.”
I glared back at him.  He was just as odd as I’d remembered, but tonight, he had a particularly more sinister air about him.  His ambience of haughty mannerisms and eloquence had been replaced with a foul stench of ruthlessness and wicked intent.  Warily, I watched him strut around the cave as he taunted me with a threatening look piercing from his steely blue eyes.  Tanner was still standing in front of me, trying to shield me from his line of sight.
“You might as well go back to New York, Lazarus.  She’s already claimed the wand’s powers,” Tanner revealed.  “Even if you were to remove it by other means…it wouldn’t be of much use to you.  Only the one who reigns over the diamond can summon its power, and I promise you, before you touch a hair on her head, I’ll see to it that you’re nothing more than a bad memory and a new ring on my finger.  Personally, I’ve always been quite fond of the color, blue,” Tanner declared with a cocky smile.
“So aggressive, Tanner,” Lazarus mocked as he raised his brow.  “Then it’s a good thing I brought some back-up,” he announced with a boastful gleam in his eyes.
Ferrol stepped out from behind a large boulder and approached us, holding a large reddish-orange staff.  He was carrying something else in his other hand.  My Golden Knights sweatshirt.  The one I’d left down here when I’d changed into the ruby-dyed tracksuit.
Ferrol tossed my shirt across the cave to Tanner.  “Thanks for the help.  It was nice to have a name to go with the face,” he replied with a foul smirk.
I stepped out from behind Tanner and grabbed it from his hands.  I held it up.  Sure enough, it was one that had my name embroidered on the arm.  Disgusted, I threw it down on the ground.  I didn’t have to look at Tanner.  I could see his head shaking from out of the corner of my eye.
“Yes, it wasn’t hard to figure out that the young lady who kept turning down my millions was the same girl Ferrol had been chasing around town yesterday,” Lazarus confirmed.  “In fact, the very same girl who had been mirroring the diamond’s signature vibe he recognized.  Personally, I would have been more discreet about it, but some people just like to show off,” Lazarus cracked brazenly as he snapped his handkerchief in the air and tucked it back inside his jacket.  “Too bad you didn’t have, I’m guessing a…tiger’s-eye to hide behind, like your friend, Tanner Grey.  Isn’t that right?”
Tanner’s grin widened, confirming Lazarus’ suspicions.  My focus intensified as I stared back at Lazarus.  His chilly intimidation tactics weren’t going to work on me.  Each word that came out of his mouth and every one of his gestures only fueled the hatred that burned inside me.
Tanner’s gaze was locked vigilantly on Ferrol.  I could tell he was about to jump out of his skin as he tried his best to remain composed and by my side.  Even Lazarus noticed.
“Oh, Tanner.  You must be wondering what Ferrol is doing here.  I didn’t formally introduce you to my friend yesterday.” 
“We’ve met before,” Tanner spoke up crossly.  “No introductions are necessary.”
Ferrol scrutinized Tanner intensely for a moment.  Soon, his cold eyes widened. “Pompeii, right?” Ferrol asked Tanner.
Tanner gave him a slow, confirming nod.  My mouth dropped open, astonished by the disclosure that this Talisman (as well as Tanner) was that old and by my guess, involved in a volcanic eruption that had killed so many innocent people almost 2000 years ago.
“I thought you looked familiar,” Ferrol confessed.
Tanner let out a bold laugh. “You missed all of us in the Guild.”
Ferrol frowned at Tanner.  “Yes.  That was unfortunate.  But hey, it was one for the books.”
Tanner was struggling to contain his emotions.  Though I couldn’t see his face directly, I sensed every time his glare blazed by the way the muscles in his arms tightened.
Lazarus seemed fascinated by Ferrol’s culpability for one of the world’s worst natural disasters.  He turned to his cohort.
“That was you?” Lazarus asked inquisitively.
Ferrol flashed a boastful grin.
Lazarus patted him on the back.  “Very impressive.  I had my doubts about you at first, but now…I couldn’t be more pleased with my decision to acquire your services.  Yes, very impressive, indeed.”
Ferrol laughed and directed his stare to Tanner.  “I try.  Though I did have a little help from a few others, but the location was solely my idea,” Ferrol bragged.
Lazarus looked at Tanner and announced smugly, “It’s nice to see I have at least one loyal employee who measures up.”
“I wouldn’t put too much trust in him, Lazarus,” Tanner laughed.  “Do you really think he’s going to let you walk out of here with the wand and all of its powers?  You just heard about his last attempt, and he didn’t want just the wand.  No, no… The reach of his greed stretched far beyond that.  What makes you think he won’t try it again?”
Ferrol sharpened his glare as he looked down at the purple stone on Tanner’s hand.
“Hey, Tanner…” Ferrol interjected with a grumble.  “Your birth-stone is the amethyst, right?”
Tanner didn’t confirm a thing.  He seemed to be bracing himself for something, and I didn’t have to wait too long to figure out what it was.
Ferrol’s dark eyes swirled with a fierce shade of gray as he glared at Tanner.  “How’s your sister?  Adean, isn’t it?” Ferrol asked and gave the carnelian strung around his neck a pointed tug.  “Oh wait, I misspoke… Wasn’t it?”
Once I realized that the original Carnelian Talisman who’d been killed by Ferrol turned out to be Tanner’s sister, it took all of my strength to restrain him (and that was almost not enough).  Tanner’s eyes blazed a dark shade of violet that at first glance, appeared almost black.  I had to resort to pressing my fingernails into his skin for him to pull himself together.  I accidentally used too much force and ripped some of the flesh on his arms — but it got his attention.
Lazarus cut in sharply, “I’m afraid this reunion is getting a little too personal for my taste.  Can we get down to business?  The wand?”  Lazarus turned his stare towards me.  “I bet all those millions you turned a deaf ear to are sounding very sweet right about now, aren’t they, Ms. Wallace?”
I remained silent, holding on to Tanner’s arms.
Dead-set on provoking me, Lazarus continued, “I would even be willing to bet that your own father wished he had taken his offer, too.  But alas, he didn’t…and neither did you.”  Lazarus seemed amused and shook his head.  “Now there I go, making things personal.  Excuse my infraction.”  He tilted his head in a sinister manner.  “Nothing left to do but hammer things out…the old fashion way,” and with that, the Talisman who reigned over the air waved his hand and threw a gust of wind towards us.  The breezy blast sent Tanner and I sailing across the cave and hurled us into one of its hard, jagged walls.
As soon as we crashed onto the floor, Tanner grabbed me and whispered, “Shiloh, remember… Don’t let any of his poison inside your body, by any means.”  Tanner removed both of his silver hilts from a holster on his back and handed one to me.  “You’re far from ready for this, but what the hell… Little girls have to grow up sometime.”  He brandished the handle with a flick of his wrist to reveal the sword’s glowing and razor-sharp, six-sided amethyst blade.
I jumped to my feet, just in time to see Lazarus and Ferrol swiftly approaching us.  My head became overrun with Bea’s words of wisdom.  I thought ironically, Where’s the decision?  Don’t draw it unless you intend to use it, my ass!  More like, draw it unless you have a death wish.
Both Ferrol and Lazarus had their sights set on me.  Ferrol hurled one of his carnelians my way, but fortunately Tanner pushed me out its path.   Lazarus became so enraged by the fact that his “partner-in-crime” would betray him so quickly that he sent a whirling funnel of air towards Ferrol.  It wrapped around his body as it twisted him violently up to the ceiling of the cave.  After Ferrol’s helpless frame had been thrust into one of the stalactites hard enough, Lazarus waved his hand, commanding the funnel cloud to vanish.  Ferrol came crashing down fast and smacked the rocky floor with enough force to shake the entire cave.
While Ferrol struggled to get his bearings, Lazarus pointed his cane at him and growled, “SHE’S MINE, FERROL!  Don’t you forget that!”  He then lifted his cane in the air and removed the ornate wood sheathing to reveal its true nature.  The exposed walking stick was actually a blade — a royal blue blade with random flecks of white and black, obviously carved from his origin stone, the lapis lazuli.  Though his weapon wasn’t glowing, I had a sneaky suspicion it packed a good punch, just the same.
Tanner took full advantage of Ferrol’s disoriented state.  He charged towards him, sword blazing.  Quickly, Ferrol rolled out of his way and averted Tanner’s first strike.  Violet sparks flew from the sword when it struck the ground.  Clearly pissed and ready for battle, Ferrol took his carnelian staff and slammed it on the ground.  Instantly, the staff became engulfed in flames.  Aggressively, he started rotating the flaming stick in front of Tanner.  Ferrol was hell-bent on protecting himself while he goaded Tanner with a ring of fire he’d created by twirling the staff in a circular motion.
Lazarus seemed pleased with the turn of events.  Since Ferrol was now preoccupied with fending off Tanner, that was one less worry for him.  He could now get back to the job at hand — killing me.  Lazarus paused to rub his fingers along the wand’s shaft.  Still, the wand lay lifeless as he touched it.
“Don’t worry.  You’ll shine for me…soon,” Lazarus proclaimed boldly.
“Don’t get your hopes up,” I announced as I waved the mystical amethyst sword and took an offensive stance.
Lazarus let out a laugh as he gave his lapis lazuli blade a quick twirl.  “I’ve got a lot more up my sleeve than just hope, child,” Lazarus vowed and then sent a quick blast of air directed towards my hand, attempting to knock the sword from my grip.
After Bea’s little schooling the other day, I was fully prepared for any underhanded tactics.  I’d already tightened my grasp around the silver handle and held onto the sword without fail.  Lazarus seemed vexed because his sneaky trick hadn’t worked.
“You might want to check your other one,” I announced and flashed a cheeky smile.
“Well, anything worth having doesn’t come easy,” Lazarus grumbled and then charged towards me.
Before I knew it, I was fully engaged in my first official sword fight.  Unfortunately, he was quite skilled.  Our blades clashed repeatedly, and I was able to block all of his strikes successfully, that is, until I lost my footing on some rocks.  When I tried to regain my balance, I lost sight of his blade for just a split-second.  I soon found it — slicing across my thigh.  The harsh sting of the diamond-dust heightened my reflexes, so I was able to retaliate with a slice of my own to his forearm.  As I staggered back, I realized Bea wasn’t exaggerating when she told me “expect to get cut.”  Though the diamond-dust allowed the blade to sever my skin and stung like a mother, I could tell from the open rip in my jeans that the wound wasn’t that deep.
While Lazarus grappled with the pain from the lash I’d inflicted, I checked on Tanner, who was still locked in a heated battle with Ferrol.  I realized I’d become too enthralled with their fight when I redirected my attention back to Lazarus, only to see his lapis lazuli blade about to strike my arm.  I jerked it away quickly, but his sword knocked my blade right out of my hand.  It ended up flying across the cave and landed in-between Tanner and Ferrol (almost nailing both of them).  Unarmed and defenseless, I stepped backward, only to run into one of the cave’s walls.  I was assuredly trapped.  With an overconfident stride, Lazarus prowled towards me.
A vain smirk crept across his face.  “You see, child… This is what happens when little girls think they can play with the big boys.”  He cackled and added, “The diamond Wand of Adamas is too powerful and grand.  It was never meant to be in the hands of someone so young and feeble.”  Lazarus scoffed pompously, “Even the wand must think so, or else it would be in your hands right now.  It must not like common trash either.”
From out of the corner of my glaring eyes, I caught a glimpse of Ferrol’s flaming staff, which triggered a hopeful thought.  The carnelians that Tanner gave me at Bea’s… I still have them in my pocket.
Lazarus drew back his lapis lazuli blade.  “Give my regards to your father for me,” he announced mercilessly.
With that, I quickly pulled one of the reddish-orange milky stones from my pocket and threw it at him as he lunged forward.
Lazarus’ eyes lit up with fear when he spotted the stone and tried to jump out of its way.  His success was limited.  He’d managed to avoid the initial blow, but the force of the blast threw him back across the cavern.  I watched jubilantly as his body smacked one of the walls and then dropped to the ground in a daze.
I allowed Lazarus’ words to roll around in my head while I watched him struggle to his get to his feet.  It was just a matter of seconds before he would be on me again.
The wand… That’s my only option.  I climbed up the rocky base and looked down at the dormant wand.  I took a controlled, deep breath.  As I exhaled, I pictured every reservation I’d ever had about the nature of the wand and cast aside every one of my negative thoughts.  Focusing on accepting my destiny and its will whole-heartedly, I wrapped my hands around the shaft, just as I had done when I’d arrived earlier.  Instinctively, I checked on Lazarus, who was now rising to his feet.
With one swift yank, I pulled up on the wand.  To my amazement, the diamond wand released itself to me.  The coal encasing it crumbled away like brittle ash.  The wand lay firmly in my hands, glowing vehemently with magnificent rays of white light that illuminated the entire cave.  The wonderment of the miraculous sight halted everyone’s movements.  Awestruck, their attention shifted to the magical spectacle that lay before their eyes.
The next thing I knew, Tanner cried out, “NO, SHILOH!”
I turned to him, confused by his reaction.  Tanner had an alarmed look on his face.  Ferrol’s expression was blank, but his eyes flared as his stare shifted towards his evil conspirator.
Curiously, I followed Ferrol’s gaze to Lazarus, who was unwrapping the strap that had been wound around the handle of his lapis lazuli cane.  Once he’d finished removing the leather strip, Lazarus yanked the stone blade from its handle and cast it aside.
Lazarus cackled and announced, “FINALLY,” as he lifted what was now a gleaming silvery-blue metal handle in the air and extended it towards me.
I looked at it closely.  My face froze once I’d realized what he was holding in his hands.  The HILT!  The wand’s platinum hilt!  Despite the fact that the ancient and elusive handle was missing its horizontal cross-guard, it was the same size, had the same markings, was cast in the same metal, and held the same cut diamond stone fastened to the pommel of its base, just like in my dream.  It had been hidden on the end of his cane this entire time.  The next thing I knew, the absent cross-guard magically stretched out of the hilt’s sides like the wings of a bird, and then straightaway, the diamond wand I was clutching began to vibrate violently in my hand.  I felt it slipping from my grasp, so I tried desperately to hold on to it with all of my strength.
Just as Tanner screamed out for me to “drop it”, the wand flew out of my tightly locked grip.  I SCREAMED!  Both my hands had been sliced open and blood was shooting out of them.  The sting from the diamond’s slash forced me down to my knees, and I watched virtually paralyzed from the agonizing pain as the wand sailed across the cave and thrust itself straight into the platinum hilt.  The two pieces were reunited once again and regrettably, they now rested as one in Lazarus Xcavare’s evil hands.
Tanner rushed to my side.  The look on his face shifted into a horrible grimace as he checked the gashes on my hands.
“Shiloh, all you did was charge the wand, you still have its powers.  Even though it’s in his possession, its power is not his.  The wand is feeding off your energy because it’s near you.  It will be useless to him the farther you’re away from it.  We need to get out of here — NOW!”
Lazarus seemed too engrossed with the power the Wand of Adamas was exuding to notice that Tanner had helped me to my feet.
“GO!” Tanner urged.  “Head for the stairs!  I’ll be right behind you.”
Still struggling to shake off an agonizing amount of pain, I rushed over to the bottom of the winding rock staircase and started to make my assent.  I looked back to see the light starting to dwindle from the wand.  Its energy was fading with every step I took away from it.  Unfortunately Lazarus and Ferrol noticed it too.
Ferrol was the first to spot me, but Tanner was on him before he knew it.  Lazarus breezed past them both, with his eyes transfixed on me.  I raced up the stone staircase.  Halfway up, I grabbed the last carnelian from my pocket and hurled it down at Lazarus.  I watched as he used the diamond wand to bat the fiery stone away from him effortlessly like a major league hitter.  The carnelian didn’t explode upon impact with the diamond blade but instead, it was redirected towards Tanner, who had barely gotten out of its way before it struck the ground in front of him.
Crap, I grumbled and then hurried on up the staircase.
Lazarus had made it over to the bottom of the stairs and was now starting to climb up after me.  The diamond wand’s energy intensified with every step he took.  Anxiously, I charged towards the mouth of the cave.  Within a second, I was there and quickly waved my hand to reveal the cave’s earthy portal.  I held on to the sides of the opening and paused to see how close Lazarus was trailing.  He was already halfway up the stairway.  Even though he was nowhere near as fast as I was, the Talisman was making pretty good time.  I immediately turned to exit the cave, but before my foot even crossed its threshold, I jumped back in terror.  Unluckily, waiting outside the mouth of the cave was none other than the fiendish, billowy-black form of the Onyx, hovering fiercely and adversely blocking my escape.


Chapter  26  —  Seraphina

Once the initial shock had subsided, I shifted my stare back and forth between my two would-be assassins.  Lazarus was charging up the stairs after me, wielding a diamond sword and ready to drive it straight through me.  The Onyx was waiting patiently outside to claim my powers as his own, as well as seek his revenge for our run-in last night.  I let out a frustrated grunt as I slammed my foot down on the rocks.
Can’t I catch a freakin’ BREAK?!?
Lazarus was getting closer.  My mind scrambled for a plan while I stared at the sinister black haze, whose form tonight actually resembled more of a ghostly-looking man.  I knew the enchantment Adamas had put on the cave kept the Onyx from entering, but I really needed to “get out”.  Gallia had claimed that the blue chalcedony would bind a Talisman’s powers for a while.  Surely he was still without them or weak at the very least.
Hopefully, I prayed.
I checked on Lazarus one more time and then redirected my gaze to the Onyx.  The situation had exasperated me to the point where I screamed out combatively.  I threw my hand up towards the night sky and speedily summoned a bolt of lightning.  The Onyx had anticipated my move and saw the lightning streaming towards him.  He moved out of its path, leaving the doorway wide-open.  But what he hadn’t realized was that the bolt wasn’t meant to hit him.  As soon as the lightning came streaking into the cave, my awaiting hands caught it on the spot.  With the Onyx now back in front of the cave’s opening, and Lazarus approaching, I split the scorching bolt in two.  I threw half of it at the Onyx, knocking him from my path.  The other half I hurled towards Lazarus, who was now just a few feet from me.  He used the wand to protect himself, for the most part.  The bolt only grazed him, but it did send him tumbling halfway back down the spiral stone stairs.  With a much clearer path, I made a mad dash out of the cave and headed into the woods as fast as I could.
I shot through the forest knowing I couldn’t slow down, not yet.  I didn’t have a clue as to which one of them would catch up to me first.  Lazarus?  The Onyx?  I hoped Tanner was having better luck back in the cave with Ferrol.  My situation had gone from bad to worse, pretty daggone quick!
I spotted a cluster of trees that would provide some decent cover up ahead.  After I’d camouflaged myself behind one of the larger pines, I peered out from behind it and began to survey the woods.
The scene was lifeless.  It was like even the animals knew something was amiss and had cautiously sought refuge elsewhere.  An eerie hush stagnated in the air that chilled my bones straight to their core.  It was so quiet you could make out every scratch the leaves were making as they rustled in the wind, no matter how faint.  And it was dark — distressingly dark.  There wasn’t a single bright star to be found.  In fact, the only thing illuminating my woeful way was a muted patch of light hiding behind a clump of heavy gray clouds.
My hands rested on the tree as I continued to search the woods.  Suddenly they felt cold.  I took a curious, closer look at the tree.  Its rough bark was starting to ice over.  Several snowflakes hit my cheek as I stepped away from it.  When I turned around, a turbulent stream of bitter cold air slapped my face.  A thick coat of snow was blanketing the forest at an uncanny rate, right before of my eyes.  This was no freak blizzard.  It was Lazarus.
He had to be close.  I clambered up the side of the pine tree, growling and wincing the entire way.  Regardless of the stabbing pain that throbbed from the open cuts on my hands, I had to keep an eye out for his exact location.  I scanned the forest in a diligent manner.  The snow was now falling violently, and a steady blast of chilly air was whipping through the woods.  Its force was so powerful that even the massive pine I was hiding in started to sway.  Soon, I spotted a gleaming light approaching on the horizon.  The wand.  A menacing roar of laughter echoed through the trees as he drew closer.  The intensifying energy from the wand was leading him straight to me like supernatural GPS.
From behind the veil of a snow-covered tree limb, I watched Lazarus prowling the ground below me.  Thankfully, the snow had started falling after I’d stopped, so I hadn’t left any tracks.  Lazarus passed by the tree I was perched in and headed off in the distance.  He looked down at the wand and stopped.  Its light was beginning to fade.  Lazarus then dug his foot down into the snowy ground on the spot, pivoted around with the tenacity of a soldier on a life or death mission, and started marching back my way.  My heart pounded as I braced myself for his next move.
Lazarus stopped beside the tree.  He turned around in all directions, scanning for any signs of me.  “There’s nowhere for you to hide.  The wand will seek you out, child,” he called out, never looking up.
I wanted to hurl a bolt of lightning down on his arrogant ass so bad, but I knew he would just use the wand to drive it away.  Even though that big head of his provided an excellent target.  Then there I’d be, vulnerable and my cover regrettably blown.
“There’s no one to come to your rescue.  Tanner could be dead by now, and as for the other one…  I’m afraid that little old birdie won’t be up to flying any time soon.”
Instantly, I held my breath to keep from gasping.  Apparently Lazarus knew about Beatrix, and by the wicked tone in his voice, a horrible feeling came over me that he’d done something heinous to her.
I just left her almost an hour ago and she was fine, I reflected nervously.  What is he talking about?  The only way I could look into his mind was by touching him, and that was simply out of the question.  His ambiguous declaration was driving me crazy with worry.  I could only hope that the self-righteous bastard would end up gloating about it.
“We followed you to her house.  Personally, I knew there was something about her that I didn’t like when we met last week.”  Lazarus laughed.  “I just thought it was because she was a bitter old hag.  But then I discovered today that she is also a Talisman.  But not just any Talisman.  No, no.  She’s possesses the golden topaz and reigns over the air, as do I.”
Lazarus started circling the tree, which only heightened my senses.
“Ferrol wanted to charge into her house and hash it out right then and there.  But I told him, ‘no’.  There was no need for such violence.  He’s a bit of a sadistic barbarian when it comes to matters like these.  I prefer a more civilized approach.  So, I snuck in through her back door and poisoned the pot of cider on her stove.”
I tried to restrain my escalating anger.  My body was trembling, and I could feel a tear starting to form in my eye.  Oh no!  Bea!
“I would love to possess her golden topaz…almost as much as the diamond,” Lazarus announced brazenly.  “It makes her nearly as impossible to kill as you.  But I would choose a more majestic creature to change into.  Anything but a common falcon.  Dreadful, savage creatures.  If the poison she drank hasn’t finished her off, I’m sure stopping back by her house tonight and driving my new wand through her chest will, that is…after I’m finished with you.” 
Unconsciously, my fingernails began to dig into the bark of the tree while I listened to his taunts about Beatrix’s unknown condition.  Lazarus placed his hands on the trunk of the pine tree.
“We were in the cave almost the entire day…but you never showed.  It’s not polite to keep someone waiting, you know.  Then Karl called and told us that he’d captured you.  I instructed him to bring you to me, but you never arrived.  When he didn’t answer my call, we went back to the guesthouse.  That was disappointing.  He was one of my best men.”  Lazarus let out an exaggerated sigh.  “Have you figured out how we finally caught up to you?”
I knew he realized I was close, but the way he spoke made me question “how close” he thought I was.
From behind the cover of the branches, I peered down to see his fingers running across the tree trunk.  Something glistening on its bark immediately caught my eye.
I looked down at my hands — my blood-covered hands — that were sparkling with the same diamond residue.  No sooner than I remembered laying them on the tree when I’d climbed it, Lazarus jerked his head up and stared me dead in the eyes where I sat perched on a large limb.
“Your trail of blood, of course,” Lazarus declared with a triumphant grin.
With that said, Lazarus brandished the diamond wand like an ax and in one swoop, sliced clear through the base of the pine.  Instinctively, I catapulted myself from the toppling tree into another one nearby.  That seemed to only excite Lazarus.  He proceeded to chop it down as well.  I hopped from tree to tree, desperately trying to escape while maintaining my safe cover.  The woods rumbled with the sights and sounds of trees crashing swiftly to the ground like dominos.  An open clearing lay just up ahead.  My natural shelter was quickly coming to an end.  I jumped down to the ground before the last one fell and dashed across the field, heading straight for another cluster of trees.  I tried to strategize a plan as I hurried across the mountainside, but my options were running out.  Without my amethyst, I couldn’t contact Tanner, and according to Lazarus, there wouldn’t be a falcon swooping down to save me either.  The wand deflected my lightning, so that was useless, and the Onyx was probably still out there somewhere, waiting for Lazarus to break me down, so he could casually pick me apart like a buzzard.
Fan-freakin-tastic!
As I charged across another small clearing, I tripped coming up a small embankment and fell to the ground.  Suddenly I felt dizzy, and a wave of exhaustion came over me while I lay on the snow-covered ground.
What NOW?
My hand was resting on something — something hard.  The railroad tracks… The iron railroad tracks, I pondered.  Since I knew Lazarus’ stone reigned over the air, the iron would weaken him just as it did me.  My eyes followed the tracks.  There was a tunnel roughly a hundred yards to my right.  It dawned on me where I was — about a mile from the one of the coal tipples.  As I stared at the face of the dark tunnel, a sound in the distance commanded my attention.  It was the whistle from a train that was heading this way.
I looked back down at the tracks.  That’ll work. 
I jumped to my feet and quickly covered the iron rails back up as best I could, kicking chunks of snow relentlessly until they were completely concealed.  I didn’t even spy a single drop of my own blood.  Perfect.  My trap was set and now all I had to do was wait for Lazarus to take the bait, and “the bait” unfortunately was me.
Before long, a soft glow of light began to creep over the hill.  Undoubtedly the wand was leading him straight to me.  Lazarus appeared within seconds.  I stood still as he trekked closer, heading down the hill with his sights set on me.
He stopped a few feet from where I was, on the other side of the tracks.  I wanted his eyes focused solely on me, to distract him from the unforeseen and treacherous nature of what lay at his feet.
“You haven’t given up have you?” Lazarus asked snidely.  “I’ve rather enjoyed our little game of cat and mouse.  This certainly has been more enjoyable than my incident with your father.  He really didn’t put up much of a fight.  Pathetic really.”
My eyes glared at him, but I said nothing and remained motionless.  Just a few more feet…
Lazarus raised his head arrogantly.  “See, I knew you didn’t deserve to claim the wand’s powers.  Anyone who truly understands its nature would fight to the bitter, bloody end for it…and I’m afraid, child…that’s not you.  Why it chose YOU, I have no idea!  Your father wasn’t even a Talisman!  I’ve never heard of such a preposterous thing.  The essence of a Talisman is like being a blue-blood, from the highest of classes,” Lazarus scoffed as he prowled towards me.  “It’s not reserved for common, hillbilly trash such as you.”  He shrugged his shoulders and flashed a haughty smile.  “But I guess even a diamond goes slumming now and then.”
Lazarus flourished the wand in the air.  Its brilliant glowing blade was now about a sword’s length from me.  He held it combatively, gripping the hilt tightly up by his chest.
“You were right about one thing, child.  Some people don’t have a price, but then again, they’re the ones who end up paying a steep one.”
Lazarus scowled as he aggressively swung the diamond wand at me, forcing his feet forward and onto the tracks.  Deftly, I ducked down out of the blade’s deadly, sweeping path and quickly grabbed his legs.  Once I’d yanked up on them, his body dropped down hard onto the perilous iron tracks.  I leaped on top of him, clinching his wrists against the iron rails and used all of my strength to immobilize his body.
The Lapis Lazuli Talisman immediately realized what was he was lying on.  Violently, he twisted and turned, trying to release himself from my grasp.  He still held the wand in his hand and tried waving it at my head a couple of times, unsuccessfully.  Good thing for me, the iron was taking a toll on his stamina, so he soon found his hands virtually limp, useless, and unable to swing the weight of the wand.
“You think THIS will stop me?” Lazarus growled.
Just then, the sound of a train whistle blared in the distance and a slight vibration began to rattle the railroad track.  We both looked towards the tunnel.  A faint light was drawing closer.
Lazarus tightened his scowl.  “I’ll take you with me!  I SWEAR IT!” he vowed in a rage.
The next thing I knew, Lazarus blew a quick puff of poisonous blue powder in my face.  I turned my head as soon as I realized what it was, but some of it found its way into my mouth.  I could taste the foul venom and felt its fiery burn trickling down my throat.  Straightaway, the poison’s ill-fated effects started to ravage my body.  I struggled to ward off its sickening impact with the diamond’s healing defenses.  No luck.  I even tried to make myself throw it up, to get it out of my system, but that didn’t help.  None of it would come up.
Lazarus tried to blow another puff of the lapis lazuli’s poison at me, but it didn’t work this time.  He even tried to lick my mouth several times, but because his mind had revealed his next move, I was ready for it.  As much of a struggle as it was to keep the bastard on the tracks while steering clear of his poison and trying to avoid any contact with the iron myself, I also had to concentrate on sending the train engineer a message to speed up, and not slow down if they saw something ahead.  But the worst thing had to have been that I could hear and feel everything going on inside his head.  He knew it too.  He focused on thoughts of torturing Daddy in hopes of mentally wearing me down.
I could feel my body weakening at an alarming rate.  My muscles were starting to loosen up from the toxin I’d ingested, forcing me to secure the grip I had on his wrists by holding on tightly to the rails myself.  The iron’s contact with my skin was unfortunately making me just as weak as he was.  The train was almost at the mouth of the tunnel.  I just need to hold on for a little longer.
In one last desperate attempt, Lazarus grinned at me and started seeping poison from his wrists into the cuts on my hands, knowing the wand had sliced them open just after he had revealed the hilt.
I screamed out in a tearful rage.  The poison burned so badly, like he’d shot blistering acid straight into my veins.  I could hardly catch my breath, but I kept fighting to hold on.
Lazarus rallied some extra strength and started infusing more poison into my wounds.  Between the iron weakening my own powers and the toxic effects from his lapis lazuli, I was becoming alarmingly incapacitated.  I felt every ounce of the toxin consuming my body and the pain was now unbearable.
Seriously pissed off, I rallied a bit of my own strength and used my head to cold-cock his.  Knowing that I needed to curtail some of the torturous pain besieging my body, I released my hands, letting go of the iron rails and his wrists.  Quickly, I threw myself backward and rolled down the side of the snow-covered embankment.
My eyelids fluttered as I turned my head towards the tracks.  Once they had opened fully, I saw Lazarus sitting up on the rails with the wand in his hand, ready to hurl it at me.  Just as he was about to throw it, the speeding train charged past, right before my eyes.  The wand was knocked from his grasp, and he was driven down into the rails, knowingly bloody and very much dismembered.
As soon as the train had passed, I observed a trail of blood and fragments of flesh littering the tracks.  Though I was still in an excruciating amount of pain from the poison, I managed to rouse a grateful smile.  The Talisman who had murdered my father was now nothing more than a line of lumpy, pink-tinted snow.
The lapis lazuli’s poison had just about taken its toll.  He’d used so much of it, and it’d been allowed to flow freely throughout my entire body.  At that moment, a feeling of déjà vu overcame me.  The last time I’d felt this way was when I’d fallen into the cave and found myself knocking on death’s door. 
I desperately tried to roll over, but I could no longer feel any movement from the muscles in my body.  I couldn’t tell if it was mostly from the effects of the poison, or because I was numb from lying in the icy-cold snow.  I managed to lift my head, barely.  I spotted the wand, glowing in the snow on the other side of the tracks.
At least it’s safe, I thought.
While I lay there immobile, Tanner’s voice called out to me telepathically.  I was relieved to hear from him and to know he was alive…but as I heard over and over, “Shiloh?  Are you okay?  Use the amethyst to tell me where you are…” in my head, I found myself reeling with regret.  Out of nothing more than petty revenge, I’d unknowingly destroyed my lifeline — the only means of salvation I could’ve had.
Unexpectedly, the ground began to quake.  I didn’t hear any train whistles blowing, but whatever it was, its force was increasing at a disturbing rate.  It seemed to be coming from the other side of the tracks.  Not a second later, the ground exploded abruptly.  Once the cloud of earth and snow had settled, the source of the anomaly was revealed.  Rising up from under the ground in a haze of darkness was none other than the Onyx.  My mind began to drift, and my body was so weak I couldn’t even muster a curse in my own head.
I watched helplessly frozen as the Onyx located the wand and began to make his way over to the spot where it lay glowing in a snowdrift.  Disheartened, I couldn’t bear to witness the scene unfolding any longer.  I turned my eyes towards the cold night sky and focused them on a cloudbank that covered the moon.  My mind flashed with a random thought.
There’s a full moon tonight.  A lot of good it had done me.  Bea had said that it would be a spectacular sight — a true blue moon — like a supernatural’s Fourth of July.  Well, I joked to myself, maybe I can at least catch the show before I die.
Seconds felt like minutes as I lay there, and my curiosity had gotten the best of me.  Regrettably, I looked back at the Onyx to see him approaching with the wand in tow, dragging the tip of its glowing blade through the snow.  It was only a matter of time.  One calculated blow from its blade would send me well on my way.  I lay on the ground, trying to shut everything out and thinking only of seeing my father’s face once again.
The Onyx’s billowy black form was now hovering above me, though I never looked at him directly.  I tried my best to keep my eyes focused on the sky.  However, I did notice the wand casting an unusual glow.  Its light was still brilliant, but strangely, it seemed to be radiating an energy that was washed in a subtle shade of blue.
Unexpectedly, the clouds rolled away from the moon.  Its striking reveal hypnotized me instantly.  Bea was right.  It was magical.  I’d never seen a moon that big or beautiful in my life.  It was actually blue, a peaceful shade of blue.  Strangely, I sensed something odd about its appearance.  For it to be such a magical sight to witness, I found it to have an air of sadness about it.  The striations shifting within it resembled tears, and it looked as if it were somehow crying.  I almost turned my head away because it invoked so much sadness (and I already had enough misery of my own).
The Onyx raised the wand and held it like a dagger, aimed directly at my chest.  Just under what appeared to be his eyes, I made out a vile smirk within the haze of his spectral face.  The Onyx was assuredly overjoyed by tonight’s turn of events.  He had the wand and now, he was about to kill me.  His deepest and darkest desire was about to come to fruition.  To add insult to injury, his battle for the diamond wand had been won all without the use of his supernatural powers.
I braced myself for his eminent strike.  However, the first thing to fall upon my body wasn’t the diamond’s blade, far from it.  It was the moon, a beautiful bluish moonbeam, as a matter of fact.  It glowed and illuminated with such fervor that even the Onyx was taken aback by the peculiar phenomenon.  Its touch warmed the core of my soul as it surrounded my body with its bewitching aura.  I couldn’t help but feel that if I had “to go”, this was a delightful way to do it.
My peaceful trance was interrupted by the Onyx, whose full attention was now strangely directed towards the sky.  He pointed the diamond wand at the moon.
“This day was INEVITABLE!” the Onyx yelled out.
I lay on the ground dumfounded.  The Onyx appeared to be engaged in a bitter argument with the moon, or quite possibly, the Talisman who reigned over the moonstone that Bea had mentioned.
A voice, an enchanting voice of a female, began to cascade down from the sky like an enticing whisper.
“No, Dunamis… I cannot allow this,” the beautiful voice called out.
The Onyx scowled back at the moon.  “Turn your eyes away from here!”
While I listened quietly as their argument ensued, I suddenly felt something under my hand that wasn’t there a second ago.  I clutched it with a firm grip.  It was round and smooth, like a small tumbled stone.  Since the Onyx was distracted, I carefully flipped my hand over to see what it was.  It was a stone — a milky-white, opaque stone that appeared to have several deep layers of varying shades of gray and shimmered with a misty-blue sheen when the light struck it.  I had no clue how the glistening little wonder had got there, but as I held it in my hand, I noticed my body seemed to be mending itself.  My strength was returning, and I couldn’t feel any of the poison’s lingering effects.  In a miraculous turn of events, within seconds — I was healed, completely.  Even the deep gashes that the diamond wand had carved into my hands were gone.  And as an added bonus, my golden topaz was fully charged and glowing like it had last Saturday night.  It was now obvious to me that this wasn’t some random coincidence.  For some reason, the Talisman who reigned over the moonstone didn’t want me to die at the hands of the Onyx, but as I listened to their argument coming to an end, I didn’t feel the need to hang around to find out why.
Without delay, I tucked the moonstone in my jeans and used the golden topaz to turn invisible.  With my body now glowing and safely concealed under a mystical veil of golden light, I snuck into the woods noiselessly and climbed up into a tree to hide.  I heard the Onyx cursing fiercely at the moon and then all around.  He’d finally realized that I had escaped, but he wasn’t stupid.  The Onyx had the wand, which was still glowing.  He knew I was close.
Though I’d turned invisible, that didn’t mean my tracks were hidden.  I scanned the ground and saw that they led straight to the tree I was tucked away in.  Frustrated, my hands sank automatically into the pockets of my jacket as I weighed my options.  My eyes lit up as my hand hit something inside my right pocket.  A sly grin stretched across my face as I pulled out the tiny bottle of ruby cologne.
Carefully, I twisted off the dainty crystal bottle’s ruby stopper and waited patiently for the Onyx to locate my tracks.  Once they had been discovered, he followed them, blazing a hazy black trail of fog towards the base of the tree.
Still invisible, I yelled down to him.  “HEY!”
Instantly, the Onyx turned his stare upward, peering into the tree.
“Someone once told me that this ‘hurts like a bitch’,” I called out and then dumped the entire bottle of the ruby laden concoction on top of him.
It was a direct hit.  Within a second, the Onyx was engulfed in the ruby’s fiery red flames and screaming in terror.  This time, the flames were much fiercer.  I jumped out of the tree and landed beside of the now, cloud-like inferno.  Knowing I couldn’t get burned, I reached for his hand that held the wand and forcefully yanked it from his frail grip.  With the wand now in my possession, I gave it a quick twirl and started to swing it towards the Onyx.  As I watched the blade whirl around to strike him, the Onyx swiftly vanished down under the ground in a cloud of fire, earth, and snow.  I stared down into the deep hole that he had bored into the earth’s crust.  The light from his fire-engulfed body was starting to vanish from my sight.
I contemplated going after him, but before I could decide, a familiar voice called out, “Let him go, Shiloh.”
I turned around to see a battle-worn, but still undeniably dashing, Tanner Grey trudging through the snow.
“That’s his domain down there,” he warned sternly.  “He would have the advantage, even injured and without his powers.  He won’t be back…not any time soon, at least.”
I ran over to him, happy to see he was still alive.  Carelessly, I started to throw my arms around him with the wand still drawn.  He stepped back to dodge its blade.
“Watch it.  That’s not a toy, little girl,” Tanner scolded as he lowered my weapon and shook his head.
After hearing those two words I hated so much, the thought of greeting him with an affectionate hug left just as soon as it had arrived.
“Nice to see you’re still in one-piece,” I announced coolly as I spied several cuts on his face and body, as well as his extremely singed clothes.  I noticed his belt was missing.
“Where’s your tin belt?” I asked curiously.
“Destroyed,” Tanner announced with a grin, though he seemed clearly displeased by the fact.
I couldn’t contain my giggles.  “Sorry,” I replied sarcastically.  “Where’s Ferrol?  Is he dead?”
Tanner’s brow furrowed.  “No.  The bastard ran off, and it was either go after him or look for you…but now, after seeing this scene, I think I made the wrong choice.  Of course, you could’ve helped me make that decision, if you had returned my messages.”
I hesitated.  In light of leaving the cave’s entrance open all day, I’d also destroyed the amethyst stone Tanner had given me.  I was sure to get an earful.
“I don’t have the amethyst anymore,” I confessed.  So much for being responsible, I thought quietly.
“Why not?  Did you lose it?” Tanner posed.
“No.  I destroyed it…accidently, when I dropped it in Charlotte’s bottle of wine right before I got to the cave.”
To my surprise, Tanner grinned.  He seemed amused by my reckless act and didn’t question my intentions.  That’s a relief…
“How did you know where I was?” I asked.
Tanner gently brushed back my hair, leaned in, and sniffed my neck.  “I just followed the scent of freesias.”
I shied away, still clueless as to why I couldn’t smell anything.  Tanner spotted my golden topaz glowing.
“I’m glad to see you finally got that thing charged, and not a minute too soon I’d be willing to bet.”
I nodded back.
Tanner eyeballed me curiously.  “Come to think of it, you really don’t look a bit worse for wear, considering when I saw you last, you were dripping in blood and having a rough time fending off Lazarus.  Then I show up here to discover that you’ve driven away the Onyx?”  Tanner tapped his finger against his chiseled chin for a moment.  “Let me see your hands,” he demanded.
I smiled proudly as I revealed my perfectly healed hands to him and wiggled my fingers.  He was stunned.
“A simple moonbeam couldn’t have done this so quickly, even one from a blue moon,” he announced with a frank air of suspicion.
“No, but I think a special healing moonbeam could,” I replied coyly and pulled the white pearlescent stone from my pocket.  With a proud raise, I held it up in the air.  “Sent from the Moonstone Talisman,” I added, beaming.
Tanner took the moonstone from my hand.  His eyes were shining brighter than the smile illuminating his face.
“So,” Tanner began, “Seraphina healed your injuries with one of her personal stellar beams and granted you a moonstone?”
“It appears so,” I confirmed.  Well now I knew the name that belonged to the enchanting voice who had saved me.
“Do you know how fortunate you truly were?” Tanner posed.  “She doesn’t personally heal just anyone, nor does she hand out her stones frivolously.  Moonstones are extremely rare.  She’s only allowed to give one stone away on the night of a blue moon.  She has thousands, upon thousands of supernaturals to choose from when she grants one of her stones… Those who are only allowed to roam the earth under the moon’s light, or find themselves at the mercy of its ominous power… Even those who cast their magic under its mystical glow… And of all these creatures she turned her gaze on you.”
I became overwhelmed with a deep appreciation for the stone, as well as the Moonstone Talisman’s generous, selfless act.  I knew her special moonbeam had been instrumental in healing me, but I had no idea of what an honor “choosing me” to receive one of her moonstones actually was.
“There’s typically an order of succession she follows when bestowing one of her sought-after stones,” Tanner revealed.  “Trust me, Shiloh…Whoever was originally slated to receive this moonstone is probably furiously foaming at the mouth right about now,” he warned and then tossed it back to me.
“Oh,” I mumbled.  Tanner’s declaration left me feeling a little uneasy, but considering the graveness of my life-or-death situation, I honestly didn’t have a shred of guilt.  Not a lick…
“As long as you have that moonstone on you, none of your stones’ powers will ever fade, and your body will heal itself instantly from anything — except a diamond’s sting, of course.  The moonbeam she generated actually healed your hands, not the stone.”  Tanner nodded to the moonstone and added, “She may have put some of her other powers in here, but you’ll have to discover that out for yourself.  You can talk to her, of course…but since she doesn’t have one of your diamonds, she can only answer you on the night of a full moon.  Though it doesn’t have to be a blue one necessarily.”
“So, I can thank her, Seraphina?  Right now?” I asked as I pointed up to the moon.
Tanner nodded his head.
Without further delay, I held the moonstone in my hand and sent her the most heart-felt thank you that I’d ever expressed to anyone in my entire life.  I stood there, eyes closed for a few minutes.
Tanner nudged me.  “That’s a pretty long thank you.”
“Oh, I finished that a few minutes ago.  I wanted to see if she would answer,” I replied.  “Maybe she didn’t get the message?”
Tanner looked up at the moon and then back at me with a smile.  “I think she got it.”
Funny, I thought to myself.  This Seraphina was awfully chatty with the Onyx earlier.  She just saved my life, but didn’t want to answer me?  Then again, knowing what Tanner had said about having to “assume my affliction”, she’s probably bandaging her hands and puking up blue poison right about now…possibly regretting her decision.  After feeling that crap running through my own body, I know I would…
I looked back up at the moon, which seemed to be noticeably more buoyant and now beamed brilliantly against the dark canvas of the night sky.  If the moon had actually been shedding any tears earlier, you would never know by the way it looked now.
“Where’s Lazarus?” Tanner asked as he scanned the woods.
I motioned towards the railroad tracks with a proud sweep of my hands.  Tanner put his arm around me, but instead of turning to head towards the cave, he started leading me down to the bloody scene where the remaining bits and pieces of Lazarus Xcavare littered the ground.
“Where are we going?” I asked.
“You need to claim your stone,” Tanner replied frankly.
I didn’t take another step.  “What are you talking about?”
Tanner snapped his fingers in my face.  “The lapis lazuli.  Lazarus’ origin stone.  You killed him, so now it’s yours.  You have to ‘officially’ claim it.”
Paralyzed by his announcement, I stood beside the railroad tracks and watched while Tanner sorted through the tiny pieces of flesh in a nonchalant manner.
“It has to be around here somewhere,” Tanner remarked as he picked through the sinister Talisman’s remains.  “Nice to see you cut that pompous bastard down a couple of sizes.  Really more like a million,” he joked.
“Tanner,” I called out hesitantly.  I waited for him to answer, but he just kept rummaging through the blood-drenched snow around the tracks.  In a much louder voice, I called out, “Tanner.”
He pulled what looked like half of a finger out of the snow.  “Got it,” Tanner announced as he rose up.  “What were you saying?”
“I’m not claiming that stone,” I stated firmly.
Tanner shot me a testy look.  “Yes, you will.”
I glared back at him.  “No, I won’t.  I know what claiming that stone means, beyond its powers.  That stone harbors Lazarus’ memories.  It’ll haunt me with images of my father’s death.  I know it will.  I don’t want anything associated with that evil bastard, and I don’t want a mental DVD reminding me of how Daddy suffered.  You said yourself that, ‘stones have a mind of their own’.  I won’t risk it!  Let it be claimed by another Talisman.  You take it.”
“Sorry, little girl.  The rules don’t play that way in this game.  If you turn down this stone, it may end up one day being claimed by another evil bastard who would love to see you dead and claim the wand’s powers.  Trust me, Shiloh… The fewer Talismans there are in the world, the better.  Now claim this damn stone!”
“No!” I yelled back.  I shook my head and folded my arms.  “Too bad you don’t have your little tin belt… What a shame,” I goaded as the bell sounded in my head again.
Here goes “Round Three”…
Before Tanner could utter another word, we were distracted by a “squawk” echoing through the sky.  We looked up to see Beatrix swooping down for a landing.  She changed back into her human form as soon as she made her touchdown.
I hurried over to hug her, relieved that Lazarus had lied.  “Bea, I’m so glad you’re okay!”
Nervously, she pulled from my embrace.  “That’s nice dear, but Shiloh—”
Tanner interrupted her.  “Bea, tell her that she has to claim Lazarus’ stone.  She was responsible for his death, so she’s obligated to claim it.  End of discussion!”
Beatrix looked a little less anxious.  “Did you REALLY kill him, Shiloh?” she asked, sounding hopeful.
“I did, but I’m NOT claiming the lapis lazuli, Bea.”  I glared at Tanner.  “…and no one will MAKE ME,” I declared.
Beatrix grabbed my hand.  “I’m afraid you must, dear.  I’m sorry.”
I was taken aback by her announcement.  As I stared into her eyes, searching for a reason behind why she would agree with Tanner, I saw a sadness that set deep within them.  It was a look I’d seen there before, when she’d spoken about Daddy at his funeral.
“And you must come with me quickly…to the hospital,” Beatrix implored in a dire tone.
The hospital?  “Is it Samuel?  Did something happen?” I questioned anxiously.
Beatrix shook her head.
My mind raced back to what Lazarus had said.  Poison in the cider.  My eyes flew open when I remembered Bea had brought us out two cups.  I hadn’t touched mine, but a sinking feeling came over me that Ty must’ve taken a sip of his after I’d left.
Bea’s eyes were tearing up.  “I placed a golden topaz on him to stave off the poison temporarily, but its power will dwindle soon.  There’s not much time.  Only the lapis lazuli, combined with your diamond’s healing powers can reverse its lethal effects.  I’m sorry, Shiloh.  I know what claiming the stone will mean…especially for you.”
My heart sank.  That was that.  I had no choice in the matter.  I threw the wand over to Tanner and gruffly snatched Lazarus’ severed finger out of his other hand.  I yanked off the gold band that held the royal blue stone.  I took a deep breath and slid it on the ring finger of my right hand.  It was way too big, but the metal magically shrunk down to the appropriate size.  I flinched as it did.  I felt like I’d just been handcuffed and was now a helpless prisoner who waited to be taunted by their captor.
Tanner handed me the diamond wand.  “Keep this on you at all times.  Never, ever let it out of your sight,” he insisted.  With one quick twirl, I flourished the wand and watched its diamond blade magically retract inside the platinum hilt, now protected and secure.  With that taken care of, we were off like the wind — headed for McDowell County Hospital and hopefully in the nick of time.


Chapter  27  —  A Traumatic Token

Within minutes, the three of us had arrived at the hospital’s main entrance and were passing through its automatic double-doors.  I’d shoved the platinum hilt inside the front pocket of my jeans, but it was still sticking out at the top.  While we waited impatiently for the attendant at the main desk, I removed my jacket and tied it around my waist, tucking my weapon securely out of sight.
“What’s he doing here anyway?” I asked Beatrix.
“Oh, that old Mr. Mayfield stopped by right after it happened.  The idiot called 911 before I could stop him.  I rode along in the ambulance.”  Beatrix shook her head.  “There’s nothing they can do for him here.  I placed a golden topaz around his neck to keep the lethal effects at bay, temporarily, but as soon as he hit the ER, the twits removed it!”  She leaned in closer.  “I had to turn invisible and sneak another one on him.  You wouldn’t believe where I had to put it,” Beatrix whispered.
My brow furrowed with suspicion when a particularly personal & private orifice popped into my mind.  I passed Beatrix a curious look.  After a few seconds, her eyes widened.
“Not there!”  Beatrix shook her head.  “I put it in his ear,” she replied with a slight giggle.
The attendant still hadn’t shown up and time was of the essence.  Just then, I spotted Beverly Rhodes bouncing down the hall and waved her over.  As soon as she got a look at the Amethyst Talisman, her pace quickened.  Beverly sidled up beside him (breasts blazing) and grabbed his arm.
“Who’s your friend, Shiloh?” Beverly asked as she batted her eyes at Tanner.
I ignored her question (along with her obvious sexual assault).
“Beverly, where’s Tyler Smith?” I asked.
Now, it was her turn to ignore me.  She stood there, just as every other red-blooded female trapped in Tanner’s seductive web, staring at him doe-eyed and dreamily.  Needless to say, my patience had left the building.  I snapped my fingers directly in her face and raised my voice.
“Beverly!  Tyler Smith’s room?  Where is it?” I demanded.
Beverly looked at me for only a moment and then directed her stare back to Tanner.
“They moved him to a room in the ICU wing.  He’s still critical.  No one but immediate family members are allowed in there.  Absolutely no other visitors,” she declared.
Before I could say a word, Tanner rubbed his hand on her cheek and looked deeply into her eyes.
“Are you sure we can’t see him?” he asked suggestively.
Without hesitation, Beverly jerked Tanner’s arm.  “Come with me, handsome.”
I gave my head an irksome shake and then followed them down the hall.
Instantly, Beatrix cleared her throat.  “Don’t forget, dear… You need to take my hand.”
Curiously, I walked back towards her.
“I’m supposed to be blind, remember?” Beatrix reminded me under her breath.
“Oh,” I gasped.  I’d been around her so much over the past week that I’d forgotten about her deceptive charade.  I took a hold of her hand and pretty much dragged her down the hall.  Several stares from some of the hospital staff gave me a good idea of how insensitive my assistance must have looked.  One male nurse detained us briefly and asked if he could get Beatrix a cane or help her around himself.  I didn’t care how offensive my actions appeared.  I was in a hurry and kept thinking, If y’all only knew…
The ICU wing was swarming with nurses and techs.  Luckily, they were all females.  Beverly motioned us over to a door bearing a small placard that read, “IC – 301”.  A chart hanging on the wall beside it had the name, “SMITH, T.” scribbled diagonally across its cover in bold, black letters.  That was all the confirmation I needed.
I hurried over to a large window that looked into his room.  Every nerve in my body cringed at the disturbing sight of the handsome jock lying there unconscious, buried under a mass of tubes and wires that were hooked up to numerous flashing monitors.
I turned to Tanner and pointed over to the nurses’ station.  “Okay.  Go do what you do best.”
Tanner let out a dry laugh.  “Are you trying to pimp me out?” he asked, amused.
I smacked him on the back.  “I sure am, man-whore,” I confirmed affectionately.
Tanner’s brow rose.  “If that’s what the little girl wants,” he replied and then casually strolled over to a group of nurses who’d already started to gather around the main station to ogle him, giggling and whispering amongst themselves.
Straightaway, Beatrix and I snuck into Ty’s room and closed the blinds.  I stood over Ty nervously while Beatrix pulled a chair closer to his bedside.  Still dazed from the sight of Ty looking so pasty and frail, she took my hand and lowered me down into the seat.
“Are you ready for this?” Beatrix asked.
I snapped out of my stupor.  “Yes.  What do I need to do?”
“The same thing you did to Tanner the other night.  The diamond’s healing power will guide you.  You have the lapis lazuli that will reverse the effects of the poison.  The diamond will also magnify the stone’s strength.  Just relax and let the diamond’s energy flow freely.”  Beatrix’s voice trailed off as she added, “The actual healing is the easy part.  I’m going to wait outside so I can keep an eye out for Tyler’s parents.”
Beatrix removed the little golden topaz from his left ear and slipped it back in her pocket.  I moved closer to Ty and laid my hands on his chest, just like I’d done to Tanner the other night outside Mr. Estell’s shack.
“No, no.  Not there,” Beatrix corrected as she lifted my trembling hands off his chest and gave them an encouraging squeeze.  “When you’re dealing with a poison like this, you have to do it at the toxin’s point of entry.”  She pointed her finger towards his mouth and then headed for the door.
“You mean I have to stick my hands in his mouth?” I blurted.
Beatrix threw me a frank look.  “You can put whatever you want to in there, dear — I won’t tell,” she added with a wink of her third-eye as she exited the room, donning a sly grin.
The door closed.  The sound of the heavy metal bolt locking rang through the room like a shot out of a starter’s pistol and I jumped.  I couldn’t have been more nervous if Beatrix had stayed in the room to call out, “On your mark, Get set, Go!”  I was about to kiss Tyler Smith.  I’d fantasized about this moment a thousand times over the years, and I’d had several opportunities to do it the right way over the past week — even today.  But now, this first kiss meant a whole lot more than just a significant milestone or a lasting memory in my life.  It meant his mortality.
I pulled the plastic tubing out of his mouth.  Gently, I stroked the side of his ashy face and let my fingers brush across his peaked lips.  Slowly, I leaned in and hovered over him for a moment.  My eyelids drifted to a close as I pressed my lips against his, softly.  While I could feel the lapis lazuli and diamond’s energy guiding me, my mind only lingered with thoughts of us dancing that night.  The longer I dwelled on that memory, the more my restrained healing touch turned into an arousing, passionate kiss.
Almost uncontrollably, I found myself now on top of him, for the most part, my hands flowing freely through his silky tousled locks and around the curves of his tender face.  Suddenly I felt his pulse quicken, and his lips started to warm.  Finding it hard to stop, I finally drew back from him, only to see if what I’d felt was genuine.
Amazed, I watched as the color began to return to his face and then to his entire body.  I placed my fingers up to his mouth and could feel the moist, warm air from his breaths.  They were becoming more frequent and steady.  I breathed a sigh of relief as I watched his muscles starting to contract while he lay there.  I glanced at the lapis lazuli ring.  The sight of it still made me sick.  Even though it was necessary to save his life, it was ultimately responsible for trying to take it.
Ty’s going to be fine and that’s all that matters…
I slipped outside of his room.  Tanner was still charming the nurses, who were cluesless to the fact that Ty’s monitors had been “beeping” non-stop, and Beatrix was coming up the hall with Ty’s parents, Dennis and Olivia Smith, playing her blind act to a T.  I gave Beatrix a subtle nod, assuring her that my “intervention” had worked.  She was beaming, as was I.
It wasn’t hard to see where Ty got his good looks.  He was the spitting image of his father, right down to the small cleft in his chin.  His mother, Olivia, was no stranger in that department either.  Her hair was dark-blonde, similar to mine.  I’d never noticed that before.  She was wearing her navy framed glasses, as always.  I never could tell though if her eyes were more blue or green.  They seemed to change colors like a chameleon.  Right now, the only color they appeared to be was red.
Within a few minutes, the door to Ty’s room opened.  He stepped out into the hallway, still somewhat weak.  Immediately, his parents rushed over to his side and began hugging and kissing all over him.  I couldn’t stop staring at the emotional scene.  It mirrored how I felt inside, but out of respect for his family, I shied away from displaying any feelings at that moment.
Tanner abandoned his harem to join us.  Several of the nurses hurried over to check on Ty and insisted he get back into bed.  I listened as Ty assured them that he felt fine.
“How did I get here?” Ty asked groggily as he rubbed his head.
“The doctor said they think it was some sort of food poisoning,” his dad replied.  “We’ve been so worried about you.  They told us that nothing they’d given you had worked.  Not even pumpin’ your stomach.  The doctors had never seen anything like it.  They weren’t sure if you would make it, but you proved ’em wrong.  That’s my boy!”  Ty’s dad gave him a firm hug and several pats on his back.
You could tell by the look on Ty’s face that the news about his condition being touch-and-go was quite alarming.  His mother wrapped her arms around his neck, practically choking him.
“Oh sweetheart, we weren’t the only one’s worried about you.  Ms. Sutherland rode in the ambulance and stayed here most of the evening.  But someone else stopped by.  Someone dear to you, that I know you’ll want to see,” Olivia Smith announced as she motioned back our way.
Upon hearing that endearing declaration from Ty’s mother, I looked over at Bea and smiled.  Strangely, her eyes stayed fixed on Ty.  I took a deep breath and slowly started to walk towards them, only to be shoved out of the way by Kara Leighton zooming past me.  Stunned by her brazen move, I stood back and watched wide-eyed as she wrapped her arms around Ty and gave him a long kiss.
But what had me absolutely floored was that “he” kissed back!
I felt Beatrix’s hand squeezing my arm tightly as I stood there, desperately trying to make sense of Kara and Ty’s actions.
What the…?
His mother interrupted my thought with a casual, “Oh, and another one of your friends from school is here… Shiloh Wallace.”  Olivia Smith barely nodded her head in my direction, clearly too focused on her son and the affectionate spectacle transpiring in the middle of the hospital hallway.
Ty’s blue eyes fell upon me, but something about their gaze didn’t feel quite right.  The sparkle I’d seen in them over the past week was gone.
“Who?  Um… Who is that?” I heard him whisper to Kara and his mother as he shifted around, scratching his head.
My whole body went numb instantly.  My ears were unresponsive to any other sounds around me because they were too busy bouncing the words, “Who is that” — back and forth — between my head and my heart like a vicious tennis match.  I actually felt my heart stop beating for a moment and questioned whether or not it was still inside my chest.  It sure as shit felt like someone had just ripped it out of there.  My vision seemed to be the only one of my senses still functioning.  My eyes tracked every subtle movement Ty made — every shift of his body, every blink of his eye — and regrettably, they alerted my heart to every second he held Kara is his arms.  I, the Talisman who had the invincibility of the Wand of Adamas, stood there basically paralyzed in the middle of the hall, feeling emotionally naked and wretchedly vulnerable.
Kara was rightfully stunned as well, but she quickly used his newfound amnesia to her advantage.
“Oh, you know, Shiloh… She works at the Drive-In with me, but she’s more of a classmate, than a friend.  You really don’t remember her…sweetie?” Kara probed eagerly (and I could tell, full of hope).
Ty seemed embarrassed.  “Um…No.  No, I don’t.”  He looked at me directly.  “I’m real sorry, but I don’t.  Maybe it’s the medication?  But thanks for stoppin’ by.”
Ty smiled graciously and then headed back to his room.  Kara managed to flash me a victorious, shitty grin before she hurried to catch up with him.  I was honestly surprised the conniving, pom-pom waving bitch didn’t cartwheel down the hall.
Beatrix was still standing beside me.  She tightened her grip and slowly turned me around.  The next thing I knew, my two Talisman cohorts were guiding my dazed body towards the elevators.  They had to — I was practically a freakin’ catatonic zombie!
I finally recovered my ability to speak while we stood there waiting for the elevator to arrive.  “What was THAT?”
Neither one of them answered me or even cast the slightest glance my way.  I looked back and forth at them.
“You knew this would happen,” Tanner replied casually.
I whipped my head around and probed, “What was that you said?”
Tanner turned and looked me dead in the eyes.  “I said, ‘YOU KNEW THIS WOULD HAPPEN’,” he repeated somewhat harshly.  Tanner placed his arms on my shoulders as I stared at him cluelessly.  “The memory loss?  From healing anyone other than a supernatural?  Remember the man outside the café the other day?”
Blindsided, I jerked away from his grasp.  The color began to drain from my face as I recalled the incident, now in perfect detail.  I’d completely forgotten about the little defense mechanism to guard against a Talisman’s identity after healing a human.  That’s why the man hadn’t thanked Tanner.  He couldn’t.
“You’ve gotta be kiddin’!” I huffed under my breath as I fell back against the wall.  Hastily, I turned to Beatrix.  “Bea, you mean he won’t rem—”
Gently, Beatrix interrupted my question with a swift hug.  “Not a thing, dear.  I’m so sorry.  Like I said, the healing is the easy part.”
Still locked in her compassionate embrace, my eyes drifted over to Tanner.
“Shiloh, it’s for the best…really.  The fewer people who know about us the better.  You should understand that,” the Amethyst Talisman declared rather boldly.
I could feel my blood starting to boil after hearing his words, which were so painfully cavalier.  Eyes flaring, I pulled away from Beatrix.
“Yes, Tanner!  I understand it, but that doesn’t mean I have to LIKE IT!” I yelled and then stomped off down the hall.
I couldn’t stand to look at him — NOT RIGHT NOW — not when I was still reeling from the harsh sting of Ty’s unforeseen memory loss.  I stormed around the corner thinking, I bet he’s tickled that he doesn’t have to worry about Ty knowing what I am anymore.  I’m surprised his damn eyes didn’t shift from purple to pink!
When I’d finally stopped raging, I found myself close to Samuel’s room.  I walked over to his door and knocked, but there was no answer.  I quietly opened the heavy door and stepped inside.  There he was, sleeping like a baby and resting comfortably.  I heard the door “creak” and spun around to see Beverly Rhodes entering.
“He’s been out all evening, Shiloh.  But he’s not in a bit of pain,” Beverly vowed.  “They’ve got him so loaded up with meds, honey, I wouldn’t be surprised if he slept all night and right through the doctor resetting his bones in the morning.  I’m sorry he’s not awake.”
“Oh, that’s okay.  I just wanted to peek in on him.  I’ll come back by tomorrow afternoon to visit,” I replied.  “Do you mind if I just stay here for a second?  I won’t be long.”
Beverly flashed me a sympathetic smile.  “Take all the time you need.  He’s not going anywhere,” she joked and then closed the door.
I walked over to Samuel’s bedside and sat down in the same chair from earlier.  It was still right where I’d left it.  Strangely, as I looked around at all the monitors and medical paraphernalia, I found myself feeling thankful.
How awful would that have been?  To heal Samuel, only for him to forget all about me?  I could barely stomach the thought.  And there I was feeling guilty about not doing it.  Uriah coming along was a blessing in disguise.
As I rose from the chair, I gently eased open the drawer of the bedside table where I’d placed the magical rough diamond.  Still there.  I closed the drawer, gave Samuel a soft peck on his forehead, and headed out the door.
The harsh fluorescent lights hit my eyes as soon as I stepped out into the hallway.  I reached into the pocket of my jacket for Daddy’s pendant, the one I’d retrieved from Karl, but it wasn’t there.  Frantically, I untied the arms and turned it inside-out searching for my treasured keepsake.
IT’S GONE!  Who knows where it fell out?  The cave?  The woods?  The railroad tracks?  I knew I would probably never see it again.  I slammed my foot down on the floor.  Can this day get ANY shittier?
Listlessly, I wandered back to the elevators to find Beatrix and Tanner exactly where I’d left them.  I arrived just as the stainless-steel doors were opening.  My luck sure is on the crappy side, but at least my timing’s improving.
Without saying a word, Beatrix extended her hand and led me into the elevator.  That’s exactly what I needed — silence.  I felt Tanner staring at me the entire ride down.
As soon as the doors opened, I stepped out and spun around on my heels.
“WHAT?” I snapped at him.
Tanner never said a word.
No sooner than I’d turned back around, I caught the backsides of two people directly in front of me, hugged up and about to exit through the main doors.  The tall brunette woman, who towered over her gray-headed partner, looked strangely familiar to me.
“Mr. and Mrs. Stowell?” I called out.
Sure enough, Ron and Julia Stowell turned around, both looking disoriented and misty-eyed.  An unsettling feeling came over me when I noticed a listless and shaky teeter to their gait.  Julia Stowell said nothing.  I’d never seen her like this before.  She was always chatty, just like Katie, and the epitome of perky.  But tonight, she just stared at me through a set of weary eyes stained with the streaked remnants of harsh mascara-tinted tears.  She quickly extended her arms and yanked me into a serious embrace.  Mrs. Stowell squeezed me tightly.  Even though I knew my bones couldn’t break, I wasn’t willing to make any bets on it at that moment.
Before either of them could say a word, erratic waves of sadness and twinges of heartache engulfed me.  Julia Stowell was in so much pain, she wasn’t thinking straight.  I couldn’t get a clear image to connect with her emotions. 
“Mrs. Stowell?  What’s WRONG?” I asked as I pulled back from her.
Julia Stowell covered her mouth and stepped away wailing.  Ron Stowell walked over and started to wrap his arm around me.  No sooner than his hand had landed on my back, a tear shot out of my eye and coursed down my cheek.  His feelings were evident as well, however unlike his wife, his images were crystal clear.
Katie…
Frantically, I hurried over to Mrs. Stowell.
“WHAT HAPPENED?  WHAT HAPPENED TO HER?!?”  I waited for her response, but every time she opened her mouth, the only thing that came out were steady streams of teary wails fueled by pain and sorrow.
I turned to Ron Stowell.  “NO!  I don’t understand!  HOW?” I demanded hysterically.  My brain repeated, This CAN’T be true!  IT ISN’T TRUE, over and over.
This time, it was Ron Stowell’s turn to lose control.  He rushed over and wrapped his arms around us, but he couldn’t speak either.
Julia Stowell mustered some strength and spoke first.  “We found her when we…got home.”  The soft-spoken mother of my best friend got choked up again and struggled to continue.  “She’d had an accident,” Mrs. Stowell moaned, her voice broken-hearted and reeling with sheer disbelief.
My brow furrowed.  “What kind of accident?”
Julia Stowell couldn’t continue, so her husband interjected.  “Shiloh,” Ron Stowell began, “she must have tripped and fell.  She hit her head on the corner of…my desk…down at the store.  The doctors said she had an acute subdural hematoma.  They said it was pretty massive.  There was too much blood that had pooled.  The doctor pro—pronounced her…as soon as she arrived in the ER.”  Ron Stowell’s efforts to reveal the horrific details were just as shaky as his wife’s.
“A freak accident took MY BABY!  My only child!  We should have been there!” Julia Stowell cried out angrily and slid down to the floor.
I knelt beside her.  The more I rocked her in my arms, the more unsettling the nature of Katie’s accident felt, especially knowing who’d been knocking on the door when I’d left her.  Those words echoed in my head.
When “I” had left “HER”…
I looked over at Tanner.  Even he had an apprehensive look about him.
“Where is she?” I begged.  “I have to see her, Mrs. Stowell.”
Julia Stowell couldn’t answer.  She tried to catch her breath as she wiped her tear-stained amber eyes.  I couldn’t help but think sadly as I looked into them, Katie’s eyes.
“They have her in a room near the ER,” Ron Stowell replied.  “They put her in there for us to say our…our good-byes.  I’ll take you back there, if you want.”
I sprang up from the floor.  “Yes,” I announced as I looked over at Beatrix and Tanner, who both had a look of “no” in their eyes.
Julia Stowell stood up and grabbed my arm.  “Ron, you take her back.  I just can’t do it.”  He nodded to his wife.  Julia reached for my hand and placed a small velvet pouch in it.  “Katie would have wanted you to have this.  She knew you were fond of it…and always wanted one of your own.  Please take it, for Katie…and for me.”
I knew what it was before I opened the pouch.  I peeked inside and quickly closed it.  Her diamond pendant.
I hugged Julia.  “I CAN’T.  I just can’t,” I objected.
“Please,” she pleaded, “for Katie… You were like a sister to her, Shiloh.  Please, do it for her.”
Reluctantly, I took the gift and gave her a firm kiss on the cheek.  Ron Stowell took my arm and led me down to the room where Katie’s body lay.  Tanner and Beatrix followed behind us.  Once Mr. Stowell had cleared our visit with the nurses, he gave me a tight hug and a kiss on the cheek (just like I’d seen him give Katie a million times) and then left to comfort his wife.
As soon as he was out of sight, I turned to face the door and grabbed hold of its cold metal lever.  A fleeting memory of Katie sleeping peacefully in her bed during one of our countless sleepovers throughout the years shot through my mind.  I was really praying that “THAT” was what I’d find when I opened the door.  With my muscles firmly locked, I took a deep breath as I pressed down on the handle and flew inside.
There lay Katie — lifeless.  The sight was so alarming and surreal that every muscle in my body went instantly limp.  Nothing could have prepared me for this frigid scene.  She looked freakishly pale — almost as white as the sheets wrapped around her body.  Her mouth had hardened into unnatural gaping pose and her head was cocked to the side.  Though her eyes were closed, I could feel the hollowness that had set in them.  Just like Daddy’s, there was another set of eyes I would never gaze upon again, never see their sparkle or feel them warm my soul.  As I approached her, all I could think was, A best friend isn’t supposed to leave you.  Not like this… Not this young… Not this way…
Tanner and Beatrix entered and shut the door.  I laid the small pouch bedside her hand and went to frantically searching all over her body.
“What are you doing?” Tanner asked nervously.
“What do you think?” I snapped.  “I’m looking for blue marks on her.”  My suspicions had me tied up in knots.  I kept searching, but I couldn’t find any.
Beatrix chimed in.  “Shiloh, what good will that do?”
“Bea, I have to know.  I have to know if this was a ‘freak accident’, or if it was because…”  I tried to fight back my tears and continued, “because she tried to help me!  I HAVE TO KNOW!”
Beatrix and Tanner threw each other several curious looks.  I noticed Beatrix’s eyes were fixated on the finger where my new lapis lazuli stone rested.  Immediately, I realized how I was going to find out — for sure.
They both knew exactly what I was thinking and demanded, “NO,” almost in unison.
There was a small bathroom inside the room, just a few feet from where I stood.  I discreetly glanced at the gray steel bolt recessed in the side of the half-opened door.  Good… No brass.  Swiftly, I darted into the washroom, slammed the door shut, and locked it behind me.
Tanner banged on the sturdy wood door.  “Don’t do it, Shiloh!  When you pull a memory from a stone, you might not like what you see!  You can’t undo it!  The image will haunt you!  I SWEAR IT WILL!  Unlock this damn door!” he demanded.
I sat down on the seat of the toilet and tuned out the rattling of the knob, as well as his battery of annoying pounds on the door.  My eyes fell to a close as I stroked the ring.  I didn’t know what I was supposed to do, so I did the most logical thing.  I pictured Katie’s parents store and Lazarus.  As soon as I sensed a telling warm glow radiating from the stone, the rest fell magically into place.
I found myself in a hypnotic trance.  It was like I had a front row seat in a theater, waiting to watch a show unfold.  I was there in the store with the three of them: Katie, Ferrol, and Lazarus.  They had pretty much forced their way in, well Ferrol did.  Katie kept telling them, “The store is closed”.  Ferrol ignored Katie as he charged past her, headed straight for the back room.  Katie followed, then Lazarus.  Lazarus asked her if she knew me, to which Katie replied, “Yes”, but that she hadn’t seen me since yesterday, because I’d been suspended.  Lazarus doubted her, so he delved into her mind and asked her again.  Katie repeated the same story, word for word.  When Lazarus saw the cut and polished diamond pendant around her neck, he knew instantly it wasn’t one born from a Talisman.  He believed she was telling the truth and told Ferrol that it was time for them to go.
Maybe it was a freak accident after all?
I started to pull out of the vision when my attention became focused on Ferrol, who was holding something.  My bloody shirt.  He flashed it to Lazarus behind Katie’s back.  I could feel Lazarus’ pulse quicken as he watched the diamond residue glistening under the lights.  He nodded to Ferrol and turned to leave.  In a very business-like and callous voice, he looked back and said, “Don’t keep me waiting…too long.”  Ferrol immediately grabbed Katie and slammed her head down against the sharp corner of the hardwood desk.
I pulled out of the vision and sprang to my feet, crying violently.  I screamed and pounded my hands down on the wall-hung sink so hard it crashed to the floor.  Water from the now busted, exposed pipes was shooting out everywhere.  I unlocked the door and yanked it open.
“It was ALL my fault!  MY DOING!” I cried out tearfully as I charged back into the room.  I started pacing uncontrollably and ranting, “I NEVER should’ve left her!  What in the Hell was I thinking?  I never should’ve let her try to help me, but she was so damn insistent, and I was so desperate to get out of there!  Every bit of it… MY FAULT!”
Beatrix tried to console me.  “Shiloh, she wanted to help you.  Did you tell her how dangerous they were?”
“Of course I did, but she didn’t listen…or didn’t care?” I replied.
Beatrix lifted my chin and looked into my eyes.  “She was your best friend, dear.  Katie took the risk because she loved you, because she knew you would do the same for her, selflessly.  Shiloh, Talismans make those decisions every day, but for a human to do it means so much more.  Please don’t blame yourself.  If anyone is to blame, it’s Lazarus, not you.”
I rolled my eyes vehemently.  “It wasn’t just Lazarus.  He ordered it, but Ferrol did it.”
Tanner, who was now standing quietly by the window with his back to us, whipped around and broke in.  “What?  HE killed her?”
“Yes,” I snapped and added, “The one that GOT AWAY did it!”  I could tell I’d hit a nerve with that bombshell — but I didn’t care.
I noticed that he’d taken Katie’s diamond pendant out of its pouch and was holding it up, looking at it in the moonlight.  The horrible shame and regret I felt when I saw it was unbearable.  I ran over and snatched it out of his hands.
“Give me THAT!” I barked and dropped it back in its velvety pouch.
Tanner started to speak, but I cut him off.
“NO!  I don’t want to hear ANYTHING from you.  I know what you’re going to say!”  I started mocking, “It’s for the best… The fewer people who know about us, THE BETTER!”  I smacked my hands against my legs.  “You should be OVERJOYED… Sorry if I’m NOT!”
Tanner grabbed my arms.  “That’s NOT what I was going to say!” he raged insistently.  “Hell, that’s not even how I FEEL!  What I was going to say was—”
I pointed my fingers at his lips.  “NOTHING!” I ordered.  “You weren’t going to say a thing!  I CHOSE THIS!  I GET THAT!  This is my mistake!  My burden to bear!  I’ll deal with it, but I don’t need nor want any lectures from YOU!”
Tanner’s eyes softened.  At first I thought he was taking me seriously, until I started to feel a wave of bliss starting to overcome me.  I knocked his hands away and threw him a dirty look.
As I charged out of the room, I yelled back to him, “I want to feel these emotions, not hide from them.  Every damn one of them!” and then slammed the door.
I rushed through the hallways of the hospital, headed for the main doors.  I just need some air and a swift run to release some of my rage, I thought as I stepped outside.
There by the fountain, I spotted Kara talking on her cell phone.   Curious about why she wasn’t upstairs in Ty’s room playing “girlfriend”, I decided to try out the lithium trick.  I focused on the energy radiating from the tiny traces of metal in her phone.  Her voice came through as clear as a bell.  She was leaving Mike a message for him to call her, begging him really, insisting that she could sneak out tonight and come over to his house if he needed any “consoling”.
Ugh!  You know, the stars sure have a sick sense of humor, I grumbled as I swiftly turned invisible and buzzed past her — knocking her intentionally over into the chilly waters of the three-tiered fountain as I headed for my gravel drive.


Chapter  28  —  Bosom Friends

I didn’t pull out of my speedy sprint until I’d reached the front door of the old two-story farmhouse.  Once inside, I hurried up to my room and locked the door, desperately needing to shut out the world once again.  I laid the little velvet pouch on my vanity.  I still couldn’t bring myself to look at Katie’s necklace — not now.
After I’d hidden the diamond wand securely under my bed (along with my serpentine and my newly acquired moonstone), I snatched the lapis lazuli ring off my finger and sent it sailing across the room.  Even though I’d killed Lazarus, my revenge hadn’t turned out to be as sweet as I’d envisioned.  Sure, it had felt good at the time, knowing the man who’d murdered Daddy had died by my hands.  But when I’d found out he had poisoned Ty and also played a part in Katie’s death — after the fact — I found myself feeling just as bitter as before.  I wished he were alive, so I could do it all over again.  I hated more than anything I had to claim that damn stone of his — but I had to!  I saved Ty, only to lose him.  As I looked out my window at the shimmery blue moon, I thought, I guess it’s me crying now.
I fell onto my bed thinking of Ty.  I was nothing more than a random name and strange face to him now.  My one-sided “first-kiss” was bittersweet.
Scratch that!  A first kiss can’t be one-sided… It doesn’t count!
I still couldn’t get over the tragic irony that a “selfless act” had taken away all of his memories of me.  Well, at least Kara seemed thrilled.  Maybe the rumors at school will die down now, seeing how they’re back together.  Watching them walk down the halls at school all “coupled-up” was going to be hard, especially without Katie by my side.
Cherished memories of Katie and me throughout the years stirred in my head.  Each and every one of them was significant in some way.  I honestly couldn’t think of a single moment in all the times we’d shared that hadn’t etched at least the tiniest of marks on my heart or soul.  She was my best friend.  My bosom friend.  As I lay there crying on my pillow, a particular memory came to mind.
It was summer, and we were ten years old.  Katie loved the book, Anne of Green Gables.  Her mom had just bought her the DVD, and she insisted I watch it with her.  We ended up spending the entire weekend playing it over and over (and over).  Our “ritual” carried on faithfully every weekend after that for an entire month.  Katie’s mom must have wanted her living room TV back, because one Saturday she surprised us with made-to-fit period dresses from the late 1800’s, courtesy of Mrs. Culbert.  After that, we took a break from the movie and created our own little make-believe world of Avonlea.  Katie felt it was fitting that I played the role of “Anne”.  She said it was because I was so headstrong and struggled with my real name, just like Anne.  Katie loved pretending to be “Diana Barry”.  She was the pretty, merry one, who was always by her friend’s side, through thick and thin.  Their friendship mirrored ours.  They were kindred spirits — just like us.
Our favorite part was just one simple phrase.  It summed up their friendship, like it did ours — “bosom friends”.  Katie and I were bosom friends, forever and ever.  My eyes continued to swell until the floodgates I’d been struggling to restrain inevitably came bursting open.  I couldn’t hold back the weight of their force any longer.  Tearfully, I wrestled with my bedcovers and curled up into a ball.  I didn’t have the scent from Daddy’s shirt anymore to comfort me, and I’d dropped my amethyst in Charlotte’s wine, though I doubted I would have used the tumbled purple tone if I’d had it.  I was still ticked at Tanner, and it would only remind me of him.  Deep down, I knew I needed to face this tribulation on my own.
I glanced over at my alarm clock.  Almost eleven.  Physically exhausted and mentally spent, I found myself too emotionally wrecked to drift off to sleep peacefully.  The Sandman eventually took me kicking and screaming by the reins, dragging me warily into my dreams.  My last conscious thought was of the moon, and the mysterious Moonstone Talisman.  I remembered feeling eternally grateful and touched by her kindness as I fell into my slumber, though a small part of me lingered with sadness over my unfulfilled wish — that she would have answered me in some way tonight.

~   ~   ~   ~   ~

Just as any other normal day, my alarm beeped very early.  Strangely, I awoke feeling well-rested and peaceful.  Katie popped into my mind as I started to get out of bed.  I knew she’d passed last night, but I was confused as to why I wasn’t overwrought with sorrow and gloom.
That’s weird.  I feel—
My thoughts were interrupted by a startling revelation.  Blissful, I pondered suspiciously.  I thought I sensed something lying around my neck.  Automatically, I reached for my oval pendant.  I stopped to remind myself that I didn’t have it on (nor would I ever wear it again), but I felt like something was circling it.  I looked under my pajama top (that I didn’t put on).  Low and behold, there was a tumbled amethyst fastened to a silver chain draped around my neck.
I knew it!  Tanner must’ve slipped in here and put it on me last night.  I didn’t even want to think about the pj’s.  I couldn’t be too upset with him.  He obviously didn’t want me to be in any pain over Katie — or even Ty.  I’m sure he heard my, “I want to feel these emotions and not hide from them” speech loud and clear before I stormed out of the hospital.
I spotted my brown leather purse sitting on my nightstand.  I hadn’t brought it home with me.  I’d left it in the cave when the fight broke out.   Tanner must’ve gone back there to get it.  I tugged on the zipper and placed the amethyst in my bag as I hopped out of bed.  With my fuzzy white robe now securely tied, I headed out my bedroom door and straight for the stairs.
A cup of coffee might be nice…but with cream and sugar, definitely.
While the coffee brewed, I strolled back down the hall to retrieve the morning paper.  Who knows what “exciting” story from yesterday made the top headline?  There were several to choose from.
The cold fall air greeted me as soon as I opened the door.  I shivered as I bent over to grab the Bluefield Daily Telegraph.  Something caught my attention as I rose.  My Charger was parked in our gravel driveway.  Good.  That saves me the trouble of picking it up from the Drive-In.
I ripped off its plastic wrapper and unfolded the paper as I moseyed back to the kitchen.  Stunned by the bold black headline, I became engrossed in the morning edition.  I scooted a chair out from under the table and slipped down into my seat as I read,

TORCH PASSES DOWN AND
MINE STAYS OPEN FOR BUSINESS
INVESTIGATION CONTINUES

The top story was truthfully, the most important one — for the residents of Welch, that is.  Apparently, the early state inspection team found no evidence of methane gas and went on to suggest that the explosions in the main tunnel were most likely the result of “safety violations”.  However, mine officials had another theory and strongly hinted the possibility of “sabotage” to local law enforcement.  The article stated that all avenues of the investigation would be pursued and claimed that Xcavare Enterprises had been deemed a “party of interest” by local authorities.  The paper had tried to contact Lazarus Xcavare for a statement, but they reported that, “he could not be reached for a comment at the present time.”
No kidding…
The article went on to mention that there was “only one injury and no fatalities”.  Uriah Hatfield was being hailed as a hero for rescuing Samuel Clark.  A paragraph about Samuel prompted a smile.
He’ll love that.  Now every single woman over 50 will be banging on his door to help him “recuperate”!
I noticed a brief mention of Harper Riverside’s death as I got up and poured my coffee.  It referenced a more detailed story on his passing that appeared in a smaller section below.  The main article reported: 

“The torch has been passed onto Mr. Michael ‘Harper’ Riverside’s successor, his son, Michael H. Riverside, III.  Mr. Mike H. Riverside, III, a senior at Welch High School, plans to keep the mine open and is overjoyed knowing that it will remain in his family, as well as a mainstay to Welch’s economy.”

As I stirred in my cream and sugar, I thought, I can’t argue with that.
In the end, Mike got his wish.  The mine was his to run — no sale.  The town of Welch had been saved, though its residents weren’t privy to Lazarus’ ulterior motives.  Xcavare Enterprises was about to pull out of town, trampling on the hearts and livelihoods of all the residents of Welch, and they didn’t have a clue.  In a way, Mike was more of a “hero” than they knew.  I smiled thinking about all the desperate, local girls vying to win his affections, not to mention — an engagement ring.
Charlotte and Chloe sure have their work cut out for them…
There was a nice write up about Mike’s father.  I really felt bad knowing he’d become collateral damage in Lazarus Xcavare’s diabolical scheme.  Foul play was mentioned, and Welch’s Chief of Police reported that Harper Riverside’s assailant, Karl Rodman, had been killed, but his cause of death was not mentioned.
I’m not surprised.
The police stressed that the motive for Mr. Riverside’s attack had been cited as a “botched robbery attempt” by their investigators, but that they were still checking for any possible links to the explosions at the mine.  I took a sip of my coffee and thought, I’d love to see how they connect those dots and prove that!
Suddenly, Charlotte burst into the kitchen.  I tensed up.  Our last encounter was pretty heated, and I certainly wasn’t in the mood for a rematch.  As soon as she spotted me sitting at the table, she ran over and gave me a — tender hug — followed by an even more surprising “kiss” on my forehead.
“Honey,” my mother announced, “I’m going to grab a cup of coffee and then hop in the shower before I whip us up a nice Saturday morning brunch — Okay?”
WHAT THE HECK?
I accidently spit up some of my coffee onto the newspaper.  Wide-eyed and choking, I felt the sudden need to ring out my ears, just to make sure I wasn’t hearing things.  The longer I stared at my mother, the more I sensed something other than just superb acting skills and a well-delivered line of crap.  It was difficult to describe.  Her demeanor was almost “soft” and “approachable”, oddly.  She didn’t seem the least bit groggy or hung over either, like she usually did this early in the morning.  Even more peculiar, Charlotte was radiating a genuine aura of dare I say, “sweet”.  I wouldn’t have been the least bit surprised to see a cute ’n cuddly bunny hopping up on the counter to pour some sugar in her mug or a little birdie swooping down to stir in the vanilla creamer with a daggone silver spoon in its beak.  I swear I even heard her humming!  As I watched my now “perky & pleasant” mother take a satisfying sip of her coffee, it suddenly dawned on me that the amethyst had not only neutralized the effects of her wine, but her crappy attitude as well.  I lowered my head, trying to contain my giggles.
Charlotte sashayed towards the doorway and blew me a kiss.  “You are hungry?  Aren’t you, honey?” she asked.
I smiled back at her.  “Um, yes…Mom.  I am,” I replied, notably amused.  My mother passed me a cutesy wink & wave combo and then bounced out of the kitchen.  It was priceless.  I shook my head while I wondered how long her change of heart would last.  I just hated I didn’t have a camera.
Freakin’ YouTube “gold”…
After the shock of Charlotte’s new & improved demeanor had subsided, I continued to flip through the pages of the newspaper until found the section I both wanted and hated to read.  The Obituaries.
Even though Harper Riverside was featured in an article on the front page, he was mentioned here briefly as well.  The next name to follow alphabetically and rightfully so, was Katherine Julia Stowell.  I took a deep breath as I started to read the write-up her parents had submitted.
While my eyes traveled over the words in Katie’s tribute, my teardrops fell onto the rough paper, causing the harsh black ink to bleed.  It spoke about the life she had lived and went on to list all of her accomplishments throughout her mere seventeen years.  Then it detailed her dreams and aspirations: the things she wanted to do in life and all the places she wanted to see.  I knew more than anything that Katie didn’t want to stay in Welch to run her family’s store.  She had never told her parents anything of the sort, because it would have hurt them deeply.  Katie’s passing prevented her worst fear from happening, though her parents ended up broken-hearted anyway.  That too, was bittersweet.  My bosom friend had told me just last week that, “her body would never see the hallowed grounds of Welch”.  I hated that her wish wouldn’t come true.
The obituary closed with a listing of surviving family members.  Katie was an only child, but she had several aunts and uncles, as well as a slew of cousins scattered around the country.  Most of them were from around the New York City area.  I gasped at the next line.  An amethyst the size of a house couldn’t dam up the river that was about to flow from my sad blue eyes.  It read,

Lastly, she is survived by
Shiloh Wallace of Welch, West Virginia,
the best bosom friend and closest thing
to a real sister she ever had.

Her mom remembered.  I’d thought about that just last night — my favorite memory.  I never dreamed it would have been on Mrs. Stowell’s mind as well.  Funny how the random things we do as children are unknowingly noticed by our parents and treasured in their minds just as much as they are in our own.
Overwhelmed with sorrow, I ripped out Katie’s section and ran upstairs.  I didn’t dry my eyes.  I decided to wait and let the water from my shower wash away my tears.  This bout of grief was going to be just as hard as Daddy’s, maybe harder.  I knew what Beatrix had said at the hospital was true.  I’d have done the same thing for her, and I wouldn’t have let her stop me either.  It was ultimately Katie’s choice.  I knew if my bosom friend were here, she would probably smack me for even thinking about crying around the house all day over her.  I’ll compromise.  Only half the day…and then from there, I’ll just have to play it by ear.  I’d shed so many tears I was becoming a pro at it.  There were still plenty that needed to fall for my father as well.  My new life had served as a band-aid, covering my feelings temporarily, but it was time to rip it off.  I needed to let the sorrow bleed out naturally.  I was going to have to face this head-on.  No distractions and no amethyst — if I could get away with it.
I whisked up the bathroom blinds as soon as I hopped out of the shower.  The sun was rising, and it looked like it was going to be another picturesque fall day — a cloudless blue sky, a crisp breeze whirling all around, and the last of the colorful leaves falling from the trees.  I couldn’t count on many more of them.  Winter was just around the corner.  This might be the last magical fall day.  I couldn’t ignore it and pretend nothing would change.  I certainly couldn’t shy away from it or shut it out.  I’d taken a lot of things for granted lately.  I’d shut Katie out of my life this past week and ignored her friendship, selfishly, just so I wouldn’t have to face my grief.  I never dreamed the few last memories of my father would be of him flipping pancakes in the kitchen or in the bed of his truck, gasping for air.  I’d even taken a pass on several opportunities with Ty.  Daddy had once commented, “I don’t know which is sadder?  A moment not appreciated or a chance not taken.”  I could feel those words being etched in my mind as I stared out the window.   I couldn’t take anything else for granted ever again — starting with this day.  I didn’t want to miss a second of it.
I won’t, I thought as I dried off and hurried back to my room, determined and raring to greet it.
I had to get moving.  I’d left the hospital in such a fit that I’d forgotten to ask Beatrix when she was leaving.  I wanted to see her off, and I needed to apologize to Tanner.  I was pretty rough on him last night.  I’d taken both Ty’s memory loss and Katie’s death out on him.  After all, I chose this.  The diamond wand knew it and so did I.  This “choice” was something I’d promised myself that I would never regret.
In the midst of rushing to get dressed, I almost tripped on the legs of my jeans.  I passed on all of my college sweatshirts and opted for a taupe, fitted shirt that was a little more feminine.  I even threw on a little make-up too.  Katie would approve of that.  She never left her house without it.  I pulled my hair back into my trusty ponytail as I glanced down at the little pouch lying on my vanity.  I picked up the bag and rolled the velvet fabric around in my hand for a moment as I stared at my reflection.
Katie hated my ponytail.  Maybe I need to give it a rest?  I removed my hair-band and gave my tresses a quick shake.  I smiled and mused, Yeah… She would like that, too.  I started to open the pouch when I heard the loud rolling engine of a motorcycle approaching the house.  I placed the tiny velvet bag back on my vanity.
Tanner.
My smile widened as I slipped on my sneakers and headed out to meet him, with my humility in tow.
I spun back around in my doorway.
Crap!  The wand!  I’d almost forgotten it.  Tanner had stressed the importance of keeping it on me at all times.  I could just imagine the scowl on his face if I came bouncing outside without it.
When I pulled the wand out from under my bed, I happened to notice the transparent part of the platinum hilt that housed the diamond was glowing vehemently.  Yeah, it’s still in there.  I didn’t want to run out of the house waving it around in my hand, so I shoved it in the back pocket of my jeans.  It was rather snug.  I probably need to get some kind of holster for this thing…
A strange feeling came over me, so instinctively I reached back under my bed and grabbed my new moonstone.  I can’t forget this either, I thought as I gave the shimmery stone a quick toss and then tucked it inside my front pocket.  But that damn lapis lazuli can stay the hell over in the corner where I threw it last night for all I care!
Though I flew down the stairs, I opted for a more casual amble once I’d opened the front door.  I strolled out onto the front porch to find Tanner leaning against his Harley, all healed from his injuries and not surprisingly looking as fine as ever.  I trotted down the steps and straightaway attempted my most sincere apology.
“Tanner, I’m so sor—”
He interrupted me.  “That’s not necessary, Shiloh.  You were dealing with a lot yesterday.”
Still embarrassed by my behavior, I shyly smiled back at him.
“Anyway,” Tanner continued, “I didn’t help matters by snapping at you the way I did…all day.  You’ve handled yourself so well this past week…it’s easy to forget that all this is new to you, and that you still have a lot to learn.  For that, I’m truly sorry.”
I’m sure my beaming smile expressed how relieved I felt.  I noticed the leather saddlebags attached to the sides of his motorcycle seemed fuller, and there was a small duffle bag strapped down behind his seat.
“Are you going somewhere?” I questioned, hoping for any answer other than the obvious one.
“To Yardley, of course.  I do have to get back to my classes.”  He laughed and added, “Though I’m sure my students wouldn’t mind if I took a few more weeks off.”
“So you’re really leaving?  This soon?”  I tried to hide my disappointment as best I could.
He nodded freely.
I could feel myself getting flustered.  “But…don’t I need more training?  It’s not like I can run down to the library and check out a book on any of this stuff,” I blurted.
Tanner seemed amused by my crestfallen state.  “Yes.  You do need more training.  A lot of it.  That’s why Bea’s staying in town.  There’s no need for her to leave now that the mine isn’t being sold, and that Lazarus has…hopped a train out of town.”  He smiled and added, “That reminds me.  She wants you to come by today and help her unpack her things, since you already know where they go.”  Tanner nudged me.  “Don’t worry.  The time will fly by.  You won’t be preoccupied with a hidden agenda this time.”  Tanner started rubbing one of his eyes, attempting to make a joke.
I flashed him a half-hearted smile.  I couldn’t help but think of Ty.  Being over at Bea’s today would certainly force me to think about him — THE ENTIRE TIME.
Mental note to self: Take the damn amethyst…just in case.
The Amethyst Talisman’s radar picked up on my sorrow.  He stepped closer and wrapped his arm around me.  I didn’t resist.
Tanner’s violet eyes softened.  “Shiloh, you have many years ahead of you.  The loss of a love, especially your first, is tough.”  He gave me a tight squeeze.  “He fell in love with you once.  If it’s truly meant to be, he’ll do it again.”
I flashed him a lackluster smile.  “Yeah.  You’re right.  It only took him eighteen years to do it the first time,” I countered cynically.
“Well, for some it happens instantly, but eighteen years is just a moment of time in our world.”
I let his comment roll around in my head for a bit.  I needed to change the subject to something other than Ty.  His statement did prompt a burning question of mine.
“Speaking of that… Are you ever going to tell me how old you are?  You might as well fess up.  After all, I know you predate the destruction of Pompeii, so you’re at least pushing two-thousand,” I replied and batted my eyes knowingly.
Tanner grinned and shook his head.  “Maybe one day I’ll tell you, but not today.”  He let out a laugh.  “See, that’s what I’ll miss…all of your intriguing questions.”
Just then, the front door swung open abruptly.  Charlotte stepped onto the porch smiling, sporting an apron around her waist and waving a spatula in the air.  I couldn’t help but giggle.  At that moment, if someone were to have gilded her in gold, she would have looked like an ornamental topper on a Mother-of-the-Year trophy.
“Shiloh, sweetie,” Charlotte called out.  “Brunch is about ready.  Oh, you can invite your friend in, if you’d like.”  She smiled and swiftly headed back into the house.
I turned to Tanner.  “How long is that going to last?”
Tanner grinned and lowered his head. “About a week.  Two, if you’re lucky.”
We laughed for a moment, but even Charlotte’s amusing situation couldn’t distract me from the fact that Tanner was leaving.
“When will I see you again?” I asked somewhat anxiously.
“Soon,” he assured.
“So, can I call you…on the stone?” I grinned.
Tanner looked away, trying to hide his amusement.  He straightened his face.  “Yes.  That was a good one by the way,” he replied.
I gestured a bow.  “Thank you.”  Still downhearted about not seeing him everyday, my tone turned serious.  “And you’ll answer me… Whenever I call?”
“I promise.  I’ll answer all of your calls.”  Tanner laughed.  “Hey, I’m just glad you can’t text on it.  You’d drive me nuts.”
“A stone that made you feel better, ridded your body from toxins, let you talk telepathically…and let you text.  Now that would be impressive,” I teased.
As our laughter dwindled down, we found ourselves in the midst of an awkward haze of silence.  Tanner’s eyes popped open abruptly, and then he reached into the pocket of his black leather jacket.
“I have something for you,” he announced with a crafty gleam in his eye.
My smile widened, utterly intrigued.
“Close your eyes and hold out your right hand,” Tanner instructed as his hand remained inside his jacket.
I hesitated.
“Come on, come on.  All little girls like surprises.”
“Not when you put it like that they don’t,” I snapped as I caved to his request.  I waited with my eyes closed and my hand extended.  Unexpectedly, he flipped my right hand around.  The next thing I knew, something was being slid onto my ring finger.  It had a strange, but familiar feel to it.
“Open them up,” Tanner said softly.
Dumbfounded, I opened my eyes to find my Welch High School class ring that I thought I’d misplaced.  But something about it struck me as odd.  For some reason, the clear acrylic stone looked different.  Curiously, I rubbed my finger over its face.  A vibrant light began to dance within the stone.  It even emitted the same raw and robust energy as the diamond wand.  Tanner had replaced my fake gem with a real one — a charged diamond.  I was speechless.
“I saw it lying on your nightstand when I carried you home from the cave that night.  I couldn’t stomach the thought of a Talisman walking around with a tacky hunk of synthetic crap on their finger.  I hope you don’t mind.  I started to use the diamond you gave me, but then I found that one when I went back to clean up your mess on the railroad tracks last night.  I couldn’t resist.  You must have dropped it.  I cut and polished it myself.  It was a diamond from Adamas, himself.  The one Caiden wore around his neck.  It was your father’s.”
I remained silent, still awestruck.  I thought I’d lost it forever.
“Shiloh, what’s wrong?” Tanner inquired.  “Isn’t it big enough?”
His jab about the diamond’s size snapped me out of my daze.  “No, no.  I’m just floored — that’s all.”  Not only was I bowled over by the grandeur of the gift, I was equally impressed with the thoughtfulness behind it.  I forced back a tear that was starting to form.  I smiled and gently squeezed his hand.
“Thank you, Tanner.  It’s perfect.”
My touch must have triggered his emotional radar again.  His normally cocky and playful demeanor took a serious turn as he held on to my hand.
“I know you’ve made your choice, but it’s normal to struggle with your destiny.  It takes time for anyone to accept something wholeheartedly, especially when its been thrust upon them.  With every day that passes, you’ll come to terms with what the future holds.  I have faith in you,” he vowed.
My ears welcomed his words, however it still prompted the same old nagging question.
“Tanner, I still don’t know, why me?  And, I’m not sure why the Moonstone Talisman turned her eyes on me last night.  I’m nothing to her.  I’m just getting used to the diamond’s powers and now I have a lapis lazuli to deal with…that I didn’t want, and a moonstone from a strange Talisman who saved my life… Oh, and not to mention, constantly having to worry about other Talismans out there trying to kill me.  Quite frankly, it’s overwhelming…especially not knowing when a horrible memory will pop out of them,” I added fearfully as I thought about my new lapis lazuli.  “I know I accepted this gift into my life, but I hope I have some control over how it unfolds.  I’m worried that instead of these stones being a part of my life, they’ll force me to become a pawn in theirs.”
“Yes.  When you claim another Talisman’s stone, their memories are a part you can’t fully control, but you must accept them.  But they’re not always a burden, Shiloh.  You can learn from them.  They only reveal their memories when they sense you’re ready.  Stones are like life… They never throw anything that you can’t handle, no matter how unbearable it may seem at the time.  As far as the wand goes, just remember to trust its wisdom and above all, respect it.  When the time is right, it will lead you on your path.  But Shiloh, you won’t ever be alone on your journey.  The Onyx will always be watching you.  Now that he knows you reign over the wand completely, and that Seraphina has given you a moonstone, his attempts will be less frequent…but far more calculated I’m afraid.  The Onyx has many faithful followers who will do his bidding, so you must always be cautious.  And don’t forget…Ferrol is still out there somewhere with a hunger for your scent.  Always remember that trouble is but a stone’s throw away.”
I gave Tanner a firm nod, letting him know that I fully understood every heedful word he’d said.
“Now, listen to me and do exactly what I’m about to say.  Keep your wand on you at all times.  Do you have it on you?” Tanner questioned skeptically.
I turned around to flaunt the base of the wand’s hilt that was sticking out of the back pocket of my jeans and gave my rear a firm pat.
“Nice…” he replied playfully.
I wasn’t quite sure if he was referring to the clever place I’d stashed it or my ass?
“Only draw the wand when you’re prepared to use it.  Its sole purpose for protecting the diamond’s power is to kill — not to intimidate — and it should only be used as a last resort.  As long as you claim its power, you’re the only one who can summon the wand to emerge from its hilt.  It’s imperative that you protect the wand from your enemies.”  Tanner stressed, “Always be on guard and keep your identity a secret.  As you’ve unfortunately already witnessed, it will end up complicating matters and could be detrimental to your existence.”  Tanner added adamantly, “And don’t hand out your diamonds to just anybody.”  He pointed his finger sternly. “And never, ever SELL THEM!  You can’t afford for them to indirectly fall into the wrong hands.  Your enemies would love to get their hands on them.  Then you would become your own worst threat.”
The thought of selling them had never popped into my mind until he’d just mentioned it.  However, what he said rang true.  It was out of the question.
“I understand,” I pledged whole-heartedly.
“I hope you do,” he stated with a firm nod of his head.  Tanner opened one of his saddlebags and pulled out what appeared to be a folder of some sort.
“There’s something else,” Tanner announced as he handed me the ivy green folder.  There was an elaborate, golden embossed design on its cover that framed a cursive capital “Y”.  “There’s something in there you need to sign.”
“What?” I asked as I opened the folder.
“Your official acceptance letter to Yardley.”
My mouth fell open, left speechless once again.
“Really, Shiloh.  I would think someone who’s smart enough to get into Yardley could’ve figured that out just by looking at the cover.”
My elation waned when reality forced the price tag to go “cha-ching” in my head.
“Tanner, I told you, I can’t afford this — not unless you don’t mind me selling any of my diamonds,” I jabbed.
“There won’t be any need for that.  You’ve got a full academic scholarship…as long as you major in Geology, of course.”
I looked at the diamond gemstone in my class ring.  “Of course,” I acknowledged slyly.  I quickly pulled out the form I was to sign and cleared my throat.  “Pen, please?”
Tanner pulled a black Mont Blanc pen out from the inside pocket of his leather jacket.  I noticed it had been customized with a tiny amethyst on the tip of its cap.
“Imagine that,” I quipped and quickly signed my college intention letter without batting an eye.
“Here you are,” I announced gleefully as I placed the letter back inside the folder and handed it to him.  The flashy pen I returned with a flick of my wrist, adding a touch of dramatic flair.  I couldn’t contain my excitement.  Even though my life had taken a different path, I was still being allowed to fulfill one of my dreams.  College.  And not just any college either — the country’s best and finest.
Tanner studied the form inside with an intrigued look on his face.  He flashed it in the air.  “What happened to your ‘y’?”

Shiloh Wallace

That’s strange, I noted as I looked at my signature.  It wasn’t there.  I didn’t even think about the “y”.  I’d just signed it.  I guessed the frightened little girl deep down inside had put that childhood fear to rest, once and for all.
“Well, that is my name,” I answered fearlessly.
Tanner squinted his violet eyes and then gave my head a swift & playful smack with the folder before he put it away.
“I guess that’s that,” Tanner stated.  “I need to be heading off now.”
My heart sank slightly in my chest.  I didn’t want him to go.  I was really going to miss him.  So many important people in my life had disappeared.  Yet again, I was faced with the loss of another one, even if it was only temporary.  My mind grappled with what a proper “send-off” should be.  I didn’t want to appear too sappy, and I certainly didn’t want any more tears to fall.  I’d had enough of those lately to last a lifetime.  I thought to myself, Just suck it up.  After last night’s attempt to hug him was thwarted awkwardly, I decided a formal handshake would be best.
Hesitantly, I extended my hand.  He took it and appeased me with a few firm shakes.  Then to my surprise, Tanner pulled me into a warm embrace.
“Oh, believe it or not…I’m going to miss you, too,” he confessed.
I closed my eyes and let myself become lost in his euphoric aura one more time.  Within seconds, all my heartache over Daddy, Katie, and Ty had been magically washed away and replaced with an indescribable, heavenly bliss.  I couldn’t be sure, but I thought I sensed a few jubilant waves flowing from him as well.
That’s odd.  Tanner had never exuded any feelings of his own.  I started to focus in on them when he quickly pulled away.
He dusted off his jacket and pointed to me.  “That’s enough.”  He seemed slightly flustered, but managed to compose himself rather quickly.
“Shiloh, try not consume yourself with so much grief.  The world keeps turning, whether you’re present or not.  Caiden wouldn’t have wanted that for you.  The ones you love are always with you, but unfortunately so is the pain.  Time is the only thing that can heal those wounds.”
“I know.  I’ll try.  I was just coming to terms with Daddy’s death, and now I have to deal with Katie’s.  I’m going to miss her so much, Tanner.  She’s always had a special place in my heart.  I felt like it was ripped out of me last night.”
Tanner patted my back. “Well, don’t worry.  She’s still a part of you… More than you know,” he said with a wink.
Tanner started to pull something out of his jacket, but he paused at the sound of a loud engine approaching.  The closer it came, the more recognizable it was.
Mike’s Camaro.
In no time, Mike’s red muscle car was pulling into the driveway.  We watched him maneuver out of the low-sitting car painfully, grimacing from his injuries and holding his ribs.
Chloe heard him pull in as well.  She was still upstairs, but she raised her bedroom window.  “Hey, Mike.  I’m getting dressed.  I’ll be down in a sec.  What a nice surprise!” she yelled down.
Mike ignored her as he hurried towards us.  He glared at Tanner and then shifted his attention to me.
“I need to talk to you — ALONE,” Mike demanded.
“About what?” I asked innocently.
Oh, I knew good and well about “what”.  I supposed I deserved whatever butt-chewing Mike was about to give me.  His nose looked horrible, and I could tell by the way he was standing there wincing that he was still in a lot of pain.  I ignored the busted lip and missing tooth guiltlessly.  That wasn’t “my bad”.
“You’re going to explain something to me,” Mike snapped.
I figured he had the same question that was on Ty’s mind the other night.  Nervously, I began to form my excuse.
“Look, Mike…I’m—”
Mike cut me off. “You’re WHAT?  WHAT ARE YOU?”  He jumped back slightly, appearing skittish about something.
Does he think I’m going to kick his butt again?  I looked over at Tanner.  We were both confused by his demeanor.
“Excuse me?” I replied.  “What are you talking about, Mike?”
He let out a caustic laugh.  “WHERE do I begin?  I’m talking about you kicking my ass, for starters.  I’m talking about you breaking into our guesthouse and ransacking it!  I’m talking about electricity shooting out of your hands, and you killing that guy.  I SAW EVERYTHING!  THAT’S what I’m talking about!”
I was taken aback — literally.  My eyes flew open as I staggered backward and found myself propped up against my car.   I couldn’t believe that I’d been more than a little absentminded about what Mike revealed when he’d driven me to the mine after the dance.  But once I’d arrived at the guesthouse, I became so obsessed with searching for the hilt that I didn’t give “them” a second thought.
“The cameras…” I muttered.
“Yeah,” Mike replied as he pulled out a disc and waved it in the air.
Damn…
I didn’t even have to look at Tanner.  I could feel his stare singeing the hairs on my skin.
“Did you show it to the police?” I asked as calmly as I could.
“I started to…but I couldn’t,” Mike replied in a softer, almost somber tone, as he struggled to hold back his tears.  “You killed the bastard who shot my father.  I owed you that much.  But I want some answers, Shiloh!  Why did you break into the guesthouse?  Why did that guy shoot you?  Why did that asshole REALLY kill my father?  How in the Hell did electricity shoot out of your hands?  NOW, SHILOH!  What in the Hell ARE YOU?”
I looked over at Tanner.  He was leaning against his bike, slowly shaking his head as he stared up at the sky.  Without a doubt, I sensed another “identity” lecture brewing.
“This is your mess to clean up,” Tanner insisted with a doubtless point of his finger.
I turned back to Mike, who was still yelling and demanding answers.  I sighed and shook my head.
Well… I did say I was going to heal him before the game.  That will take care of my “identity” problem for sure.
Anxiously, I weighed my options.  I figured I couldn’t compel him to calm down, so I could heal him peacefully.  There were too many emotions involved (though 99% of them weren’t pleasant ones), but frankly — he was too daggone worked up!  I just didn’t know if I could stomach what I had to do.  I sighed deeply and shrugged my shoulders at Tanner.
What the Hell… At least this way he’ll SHUT UP!  Nothing like killing two-birds with one stone.
Forcefully, I grabbed Mike and threw him against my Charger.  I’d thrown him off guard, but he quickly leaned in and pressed his lips against mine.  I ignored the fact that he didn’t even try to resist.  I stayed focused on healing his injuries, making sure to only heal them internally, while keeping his outward appearance relatively intact.  The sensation was so bizarre.  I could actually feel his bones fusing together.  While one of my hands clutched the side of his chest where I’d kicked him in the ribs, the other one pried the DVD out of his grasp.  Without looking, I tossed it towards Tanner.  Immediately, I heard a sharp “crack”, signaling that he had snapped it in half.  After a minute, I sensed Mike’s injuries were healed enough to play and his head was now clear — thankfully.
I pulled my lips away from his to the shrill sound of my little sister screaming.
“YOU BITCH!” Chloe yelled down at me.  “You ARE trying to steal him from me!  The rumors are TRUE!”
As soon as I’d released Mike from my grasp, he went crashing back against my car, slid down its side, and landed ass first on the gravel drive.  I smiled as I thought about Chloe’s “wrong idea”.
Make that “three” birds.
The humming roar of Tanner’s motorcycle pulsated through my body.  I turned around to see him sitting on his Harley with his shades on, revving his engine and grinning from ear to ear.  I guessed he was pleased with my performance.
As I approached him, he handed me a small scroll of paper that had been sealed with a regal-looking purple wax stamp.
“What’s this?” I asked.
“Early Christmas present,” Tanner replied with a grin.  “Later.”
I was both offended and strangely amused by his choice of farewells. 
“Later?  What no ‘good-bye’, or even one more ‘little girl’?  You know…one for the road?”
Tanner lowered his shades and flashed his smoldering violet eyes one more time.  “I don’t say ‘good-bye’.  It’s too final.”  He leaned back and glanced at Mike who was still dazed, trying to get up off the ground.  The seductive Talisman locked his eyes with mine and shook his head.  “And I’ve never seen a ‘little girl’ kiss like that.”  He winked as he gave his Harley one final rev and then like a shot, zoomed off down the country mountain road.
“THAT WASN’T A KISS!” I screamed out.
He ignored my declaration, either because he couldn’t hear me, or he just wanted to get under my skin.  It wasn’t!  It was simply a “means to an end”!  Nothing more!  I turned to go inside once the last roar of his engine could be heard trailing off in the distance.
I passed Chloe as I ran up the porch steps.  She didn’t say a word.  She just charged towards Mike — stomping, snorting, and grunting.
Whatever…
Once inside, I paused in the foyer and peeked out the window.  Chloe was cursing at Mike for kissing me, to which he replied, “Shiloh who?”  Chloe got so mad she slugged him in the face herself.  She left him hunched over by his Camaro with nothing but a “Go to Hell” and a “Screw you”.  I was pretty sure she re-broke his nose too.
I’m not fixing it, I thought to myself.  I hurried away from the window when I saw her about to enter the house.  Charlotte was coming down the stairs, just as Chloe came storming through the front door.
“I told you Shiloh was trying to steal Mike away from me!” Chloe yelled and slammed her hand down on the table in the foyer.
Before I could say a word, Charlotte cut in.
“CHLOE!” my new & improved mother bellowed.  “Your sister would NEVER do something like that to you.  How could you ever think such a horrible thing?  Apologize to Shiloh — Right now!”
Chloe was utterly stupefied by Charlotte’s reaction.  It took her second to respond.
“But, Mom she was—”
Charlotte threw Chloe an icy glare and shook her finger.  “No ‘buts’!  Apologize to your sister!”
Cluelessly, Chloe started patting Charlotte’s head like she had a fever.  “Mom, are you feeling okay?” she questioned uneasily.
Charlotte swiftly brushed Chloe’s hands from her face and responded with a gruff, “I’m WAITING!”
Chloe turned and looked at me like she was stuck smack dab in the middle of a bad dream.
“I’m uh…uh…I’m sorry,” my stunned little sister stammered.
I thought Chloe was going to pass out when Charlotte leaned over to kiss me on the cheek before she commenced to twirl off out of the room.
Chloe kept staring at the empty space Mom had occupied before she left.  I took my hand and gently lifted her bottom lip back up — to close her mouth — before I trotted up the stairs.  No one could have removed the smile plastered on my face.  Not even with a lit stick of dynamite…or a carnelian!
As soon as I stepped inside my bedroom, I gently closed the door and laid the scroll down on my dresser.  It’s not even Thanksgiving yet.  I can wait.  At least, I think I can.  Hmmm…? I wonder if there’s a stone that gives you patience?
I sat back down at my vanity.  Still doubting if I could even look at it, I slowly pulled the diamond pendant out of its velvet pouch.  A single tear ran down my cheek.  I took a long, deep breath as I fastened its clasp.  It fell against my chest gently.  My fingertips caressed the dainty gemstone’s gold setting while I watched the sunlight reflecting off the diamond’s facets.  At that moment, my thoughts were only of Katie.
Tanner was right.  I can feel her in my heart, I thought as gazed at the necklace in the mirror.  My reflections of Katie seemed to intensify the longer I stared at the diamond.  It was odd in a way.  At one point, I could have sworn I smelled her perfume.  I scanned all around my vanity, trying to locate the source of the scent.
Weird… It must be coming from the chain.
Suspiciously, I looked at the stone again and strangely enough, the sound of a faint, familiar voice echoed in my head.  But what was truly bizarre was that the voice sounded like Katie’s.
I laughed.  “I’m missing her so much I’m hearing things,” I remarked out loud, as I rose from my chair.
“WHO’S THERE?” a scared female’s voice cried out.
I dropped back onto my stool like a ton of bricks.  “KATIE?” I mumbled skeptically as I stared at my reflection like a spotlighted deer.
“SHI?  Shiloh, is that YOU?” the voice asked frantically.
Still wide-eyed, I gazed at the diamond pendant that was now swirling with ominous streaks of light and vibrating.
My hands flew up to my mouth.  “Um…Yeahhh,” I muttered.
“W—Where are you?” Katie called out, her voice sounding shaky.
“In my bedroom,” I replied in a daze.
“Oh… Okay.”  I heard her clear her throat.  “So where the Hell am I?” she snapped nervously.
There was no beating around this bush.  I had to tell her.
“Katie… I’m not one-hundred-percent sure, but um…I think…you’re um…in your diamond pendant,” I replied hesitantly.  I still couldn’t believe this conversation was actually happening!
Katie was silent for a moment.
“Really?” she replied in a subtle, yet clearly jaded tone.  Katie continued calmly (at first), “Shiloh, I don’t know what the heck happened to me, but…GET ME OUT OF THIS PLACE — RIGHT FREAKING NOW!”
Katie may have been EXTREMELY pissed, however, I was over the moon — but overwrought with anxiety nonetheless.
“OKAY!” I blurted nervously before I knew what I was saying.
How the Hell did this happen?  I started recalling everything that had transpired at her parents’ jewelry store yesterday.  Then it came to me.  I’d told the diamond in her pendant — the “unpredictable” diamond — to “keep her soul safe” and apparently, it had!
Oh Shhhit…
“Shi?  SHI?  Are you still there?”
“Yes!  YES!  I’m trying to think!  Ugh!  I don’t know what to do!” I spouted as I paced around the room.  Frustrated, I kicked my vanity stool with a little too much force and broke off one of its legs.
“You better think of something, DIAMOND DIVA!” Katie’s voice yelled out.  “I know we’re ‘bosom friends’, but I’m not spending the rest of my eternity hanging between your boobs!”
“I know — I KNOW!  Just be quiet for a second, so I can think!” I pleaded.
I plopped down on my bed and stared aimlessly around the room.  Maybe Bea would know what to do?  Vigorously, I shook my head.  See, I knew Tanner shouldn’t have left yet!  I stood up and began to pace around my room again, mentally cursing Tanner Grey up one side and down the other.
I started to retrieve the amethyst when my eyes fell upon my dresser.  I paused, curiously fixated on something lying on its top.
The scroll…
Swiftly, I ran over and grabbed it.  After I’d cracked open its wax seal, I unrolled it and sat down on the edge of my bed.  The parchment-like letter was scripted in purple ink.  I scanned through the entire thing and then started back at the beginning.  My eyes rolled as I fell back onto my bed.
Christmas Present — My ass!
I flipped over and nestled myself comfortably amongst the pillows to prepare for my next lesson.  The letter began,

Dearest Shiloh,
I discovered your mess
last night at the hospital,
but you ran off before
I could tell you.
Typical little girl…
Okay, if you want to bring her back,
here’s what you have to do…



Thank You

Thank you for purchasing

Talisman


Shiloh will return  —  Fall 2012
Bloodstone
Talisman : Volume II

For more information, be sure to check out
www.seakers-talisman.com
(News… Releases… Giveaways…)

You can shoot any comments to
seakerstalisman@comcast.net 
or
Leave a review at either
the online retailer where your 
copy was purchased
or
goodreads.com
 (It REALLY means a lot to us self-published authors)

Again, Thank You…
Sue Ellen Akers


