Young Vampires

Chronicles of the Hunters

By Robert Desilva

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2001 Robert Desilva
PA-260094

In a European city where men rule the vampire underworld, a large, new female clan enters St. Viktersburg-a gothic style metropolis. They are led by Lynette Borlandavic, a sexy, bold and arrogant queen, who immediately challenges all rival factions for supremacy. However, a bitter and unexpected conflict with an old adversary erupts when a new generation of secret vampire hunters headed by Thomas Dikane, target them for extinction. The worlds of the living and the undead collide during a dangerous and chaotic period known as the dark season.

DEDICATION
This book is dedicated to the memory of my best friend, Randy White.

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
I would like to thank my good friend Sue Schaumburg for all her support and advice. I also want to thank Jaime for her help-you rock!

LICENSING NOTICE
No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form without the expressed written permission of the author.

COVER CREDITS
Esther Puche
Model: Kahina Spirit
Photographer: Teresa Balino
PROLOGUE
Beau had Carla by the hair but suddenly freed her and backed away when Lynette and the others entered. Two women brought her back over to Lynette. He had never seen her before but instinctively sensed she was a lot stronger than Carla. Even still, he felt confident that a female vampire couldn’t match the authority of a man. 
“Well now,” she calmly spoke, “I seem to be a little late to your…invasion here.” She inspected Carla’s bruises, which were already healing. She softly stroked her hair back from her face and assured her the Blood Cutters would pay for their abuse and insolence. Her family stood behind her as she continued.
 “Hmm, roughing up one of my sisters is going to carry a heavy price.” 
“In what crap hole did you come from? Who are you suppose to be?” Beau growled.
 “Who do you want us to be?” she replied.
 Her answer confused him for a moment. He didn’t understand why there was no panic in her voice-no signs of intimidation in the least. Everyone panicked when they faced a Blood Cutter in any situation. He explained that every one paid tribute money and submitted themselves to his gang for operating in his territory. If not, they had to shut down or be destroyed. Lynette didn’t pay extortion money to anyone. Her refusal enraged him. Compared to Lynette, they were old vampires who terrorized the weak as far back as the war years between Napoleon and Wellington.
 “I’m going to have to sentence you to death for coming in here and interrupting a very special occasion.” 
“I piss on your occasion!” He snapped. 
Victor, Beau’s right hand man, and Neal, each pulled out a long, sharp metallic stake. With their backs to the wall, the gang felt safe during an attack because they didn’t have to worry about someone sneaking up behind them. Lynette positioned herself between Cindy and Vanessa. Somehow, the lights flickered and blacked out for just a second or two. Out of their uneasiness the gang waited for the women to make the first move. Beau noticed that Cindy and Vanessa were missing, but how? Their eyes were off them for only a second when the lights malfunctioned. He wondered where they went. No one moved toward them, they just stood there. In a flash, two Cross Cutters jacked Victor and Neal up against the wall. One grabbed Victor’s hand and forced the stake into his chest. The second attacker impaled Neal on the wall-his feet dangling two feet above the floor before both men eventually crumbled to dust and bones. The act happened so fast that Beau didn’t have time to react or gather his thoughts. All he saw was two Blood Cutters kill each other.
 “What are you two doing?!” He screamed furiously.  
The two killers just stood there with a weird, unemotional look on their faces. Funny, he didn’t seem to recognize them even though they were dressed like him. Suddenly, their faces and clothes transformed and revealed their true identity - Cindy and Vanessa. The men had never seen that kind of power before. Both women walked back over to Lynette and took their places beside her. Lynette smirked. 
“Like I said-who would you like us to be?”
CHAPTER ONE
“Why did I have to get stuck with professor Lachlan this semester? 
 This aggravating question ran over and over in David Dikane’s mind during class. The Professor was a pretty decent guy but when he ran his mouth just to show off his brain he made students feel like tying him up to a ship and watch both of them sink to the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean. David attended college part time along with his older brother Thomas and their friends Shawn, Brandon and Keith who were all twenty- two years old. At eighteen, he was the youngest in the group. They had all grown up together since birth. Even their families were close. They resided in a working class neighborhood in the predominately gothic style metropolis of St. Viktersburg, which was located in Northern England. Like other families, they too had financial concerns. David hated when his mother worried over money issues. This is why he promised her that he would complete college and become a success in the financial industry. He was a fun loving, sandy haired young man with a sleek physique. At five foot nine, he had a smile that females found very attractive. Although mature outwardly, inside, he was still a harmless, playful little kid. Every one who really knew him loved him.
	When class broke for the evening, he was the first one out the door. He met up with his brother in the hall. Thomas was tired because he had come straight from work to attend class. Both brothers conversed as they waited on their other three friends. While talking, David became distracted and lost his train of thought when he spotted a pretty brunette. She was in his class and her name was Michelle. She was at the water fountain getting a drink. Thomas quietly snickered. 
“That’s ok David. I know how hard concentrating can be at times like these.”
 “I don’t have any problems concentrating on her,” David replied with a laugh. 
The two were acquainted with each other. She unexpectedly approached the two brothers. 
“Hey you-what’s going on?”  She grabbed David’s hand. 
A warm rush went through his entire body. He really liked her and she had a secret crush on him as well. Unlike other girls he had dated, she was mature and that seemed to match his childish charm perfectly. He introduced her to Thomas, who left after a few moments to go find Shawn and the remaining two of their friends. He was tired and wanted to go home but couldn’t leave without them because they all were catching a ride with him. 
	Thomas and David shared the same mother but had different fathers. They kept both of their fathers out of their lives as well as the life of their mother. David resembled his mother but had his father’s hair. Thomas’ father was a dark Hispanic. As a result, he had caramel colored skin and black hair. He preferred to have all of his mother’s features because he hated his father. He had never really been there for him and his family when they needed him the most. However, he did have his mother’s high cheeks, her full pink lips, her sculptured jaw line and heart shaped face. He was a darker version of the mother he adored. From the time he was a child, his heart soared when people told him that he looked like her. Whenever the two were together people looked past their different skin colors and easily saw most of their identical features. Dana Dikane was in her forties, but she could stand next to any model on any runway. She had perfect white skin and her body offered no visible indication that she had given birth to three children, the youngest of which was just six years old.
	Thomas later returned to where he had left David and Michelle. Immediately, they both cornered him on an issue she raised. David mentioned to Michelle that Thomas had spent a month in Scandinavia the previous summer. She was very curious about how he viewed people there in comparison to people in St. Viktersburg.
 “Since you’ve spent so much time up in Scandinavia you should be able to tell me which girls are prettier-us or them?”
 Thomas hesitated as she eyed him with a smile. 
 “Well, we’re waiting,” David added humorously. 
Thomas finally answered.
 “Hey, to me, we have the hottest babes on the continent-no doubt.”
 David looked at Michelle with a smirk. 
 “My brother is so full of it isn’t he?”  
“Yeah, and he seems to know what to say to stay out of trouble too,” she added. 
“I’ll say one other thing about our women; no one can ever accuse them of being shy.” 
After they enjoyed a few laughs, Michelle assured Thomas that she was only teasing and appreciated his effort to give her and all European women such a compliment. David and Michelle excused themselves to make plans to go out on a date. Thomas picked a newspaper up off one of the hall benches. As usual, there were warnings and articles about the upcoming dark season, which was as old as time itself. The season spanned a total of six months of night skies, followed by six months of daylight. The weather grew colder and the daylight became less as each day passed. The season usually began in September and gradually ended in early March, give or take a week. The dark season often brought lots of snow and oddly enough, warm rain. However, the temperatures rarely fell below zero. There was still twenty to thirty minutes of light during a brief window in the morning hours for a couple of months. 
	Thomas told David he and the rest of the guys would wait outside for him while he finalized his plans with Michelle. David quickly asked him about double dating on the upcoming weekend. Thomas couldn’t because he had to baby sit their little sister, Danielle the next few weekends. Dana was visiting her sister Priscilla. She lived two hours away in Denville. David assumed that she was taking Danielle with her. Unknown to him, that wasn’t the case anymore. Priscilla was dealing with an illness. Dana couldn’t tend to her sister and worry about Danielle too. Lydia, her younger sister, lived an hour away in another suburb outside St. Viktersburg. She was helping out as well. Before leaving, Michelle asked both Thomas and David who Danielle was closest to. David pointed at Thomas. 
“Are you kidding me? She loves Thomas more than all of our family put together!” 
Is that true?” Michelle asked with a look of surprise. 
Thomas struggled to keep his laughter inside when David pointed at him.
 “See-I told you!” David accused. 
Michelle admired the way the two brothers kidded each other. 
CHAPTER TWO
	One evening, some cargo arrived at the Metropolis Railway Station- cargo that would have been better left out of not only the city, but the country as well. The dark season would prove to be an ally for the evils that crept into Northwest Europe. A rough looking man stepped off the train. He immediately took charge of his freight. He instructed the baggage clerks on where to place them. The crates appeared to hold museum artifacts. But, there were so many of them, enough to fill twenty or more semi trucks.  They were removed from the storage cars and loaded onto the eighteen wheelers waiting at the station. The mysterious man paid the clerks. The trucks headed for the out skirts of the city-down by the coast line. They later arrived at a large, castle style estate that dwarfed other nearby mansions. Although people referred to the property as a palace or mansion, neither description did the size and grandeur of the structure justice. The man in charge ordered the drivers to hurry and move all the material inside as fast as possible. He claimed he had an early appointment at dawn and wanted to get his rest. What was in those crates? After a matter of hours all the cargo was moved inside along with many other expensive pieces of furniture and house ware. The drivers were paid handsomely but that didn’t put an end to their suspicions. They wondered what was in the rectangular shaped containers. Finally, the stranger closed the front gates once the trucks left and went inside.
	The following morning Thomas woke up to the sounds of sirens going past his street. This aroused his curiosity. He rose from his bed and glanced out the window but was too late to see what type of vehicle had sped past his place of residence. He proceeded to do is morning rituals. He dressed himself and had breakfast. Before he headed out the door he stopped to check himself in the mirror to make sure his clothes were in place. He was very particular about how he looked. He liked the way his black, leather parka matched his black pants and high top boots. Black was his favorite color. Although citizens dressed in other shades, they were the minority. The city and the entire United Kingdom he lived in was a modern, gothic style land. Although he didn’t feel up to working, he was comforted to know he had the next few days off.  At times, his job simply zapped his strength. Later in the day, David called to inform him how his first date with Michelle went. Actually, their date was fabulous and David couldn’t have been happier. Without kissing and telling, he claimed they stayed up all night just playing cards. When asked what type of card games they played, David said they played strip poker and insisted that she was awfully good. Thomas sat back in his chair with a big grin and shook his head and wondered what he was going to do with his little brother. 
	Thomas worked for a computer software company and was pretty popular at the office. Near the end of the day, Shawn called to chat with him. Out of the entire bunch, Shawn was his closest friend, and had been from the time they were toddlers. Their mothers were very close friends and Dana was Shawn’s legal godmother. In the middle of their short conversation, Thomas asked him what he was doing at the moment because he sounded distracted. Shawn was actually staring at a female co-worker who was purposely bent over in front of him. Looking specifically at her rear end, he told Thomas he was just keeping and eye on a couple of things. After a response punctuated by laughter, they both agreed that he and the rest of the guys would meet up at Dana’s place before going out on the town. Shawn was one of the few male employees at his job. He was also the most handsome. As far as they were concerned he made their place of business look that much more fabulous. Shawn was simply gorgeous. His hair was a dark, sandy brown that was shoulder length.  He was built very athletic and his smile stopped women in their tracks. His boyish charm could make the Queen blush. Arrogance however, was not part of his character. He was as humble as they came. To others, he was misperceived as just a pretty boy but he was far from one. In fact, he always believed Keith was more popular with the ladies. Keith was crazy but cool. He was the type of guy that could’ve been a professional daredevil. 
	Shawn, Brandon, Keith and David were already at Dana’s place. Thomas was the last to arrive after work. He walked in on David and her having an argument. Danielle had gotten into his belongings and made a mess, which really upset him because he didn’t always remember to lock his room. Danielle was sweet but like any child she was curious and that meant trouble. David and Thomas were close but did argue now and then. When David yelled at Danielle, she ran to Thomas, who scooped her up in his arms. Keith and Brandon were in the living room watching TV. Thomas became upset with David for scaring her. When they argued Dana was the only one who could come between them. She was a loving mother, but also tough when necessary and she commanded respect. After she put both of them in their place David showered and got dressed. Danielle sat on Shawn’s lap while they watched TV. Dana made sure she understood that if she got into her brother’s belongings again she would be punished. She made dinner for every one before they left for the night. Afterward, they relaxed for a few hours. They usually left late when they hung out. This way, they would be well rested and able to stay up into the late hours of the morning. 
	When other people hung out with them they felt like they were with young gods. There was just a real magnetism because of how they carried themselves. They were totally loyal to each other. They were like brothers and for all intent and purposes, they were. They sometimes attended clubs that featured live bands. Each had their preferences. Shawn’s favorite was a band named A Perfect Circle. Thomas had a few favorites but the two groups he loved most were Lacuna Coil and Amusement Parks on Fire. All three bands were performing at the Industrial Palace and they were very excited. St. Viktersburg, which boasted over twenty-eight million people, was not only the largest city in the world, but was also the largest in terms of land mass. This made driving a real headache depending on where one was going. Instead, the young men took the subway system-specifically, the Gothic Line.
	The subway entrance was located just a couple of blocks from the Palace, which was huge. While crossing the street, five girls from the neighborhood caught their attention. They had just exited the car of a friend who had driven them to the concert and wanted to hang out with them during the festivities. Both parties also decided to check out a club called the Lizard. The name gave one the creeps. There was a ghoulish sign above the doorway that made attendees think of a hideous insect rather than a really good place to party. After enjoying a great show, they filed out and later into the Lizard to wind down a bit. The streets were just as alive during the night as they were during the day. This particular night was very exciting but also peaceful. The streets were packed with people walking, talking, laughing and enjoying a wonderful night on the town. The weather was perfect. The temperature was cool, a little humid but comfortable. People didn’t seem to have a worry in the world on nights like these. They arrived at the club around 2:00am. Among the girls was Yvette. Thomas had carried a crush for her from the time they were in elementary school. Unfortunately, she was one of those type of girls who was always with some other guy. He hated that and grew tired of waiting for her to finally become single. She was a blonde who became prettier as she grew older. After talking for a while, the two of them were surprised to discover they still had so much in common after so many years.
	The following morning Brandon was awakened by Tara, one of the girls he went home with. He had a hangover but he wasn’t a heavy drinker. He was an innocent looking heartthrob and was considered to be the peacemaker of the bunch. He resembled a cleaned cut choir boy. But, for those who knew him, Brandon was no choir boy. When females were involved, he felt the more the merrier. He was also very intelligent. He had a baby face so he always appeared to be some virgin boy that older women wanted to corrupt. Thomas and David were at Dana’s apartment dealing with their own hang over. Thomas wasn’t a real drinker. He only drank once in a blue moon. He also knew not to drink as much as his friends if he wanted to keep his dinner down. However, this time both men went a little overboard. He was stretched across his bed- absolutely exhausted. David was in his room completely knocked out. While they slept, Dana cooked breakfast in the kitchen. Every little noise she made only added to their discomfort. She didn’t approve of them drinking but she understood that they were young and only did so on occasion. Nevertheless, make sure their social consumption never got out of hand; she made them pay dearly when they came back with a hang over. She spoke to them in an unusually loud voice, which made them feel she was taking a sledge hammer to their skull. Once, Thomas’ hang over was so severe that she raised her voice to him while he sat at the kitchen table. The pain in his head was so great that he slowly oozed down to the floor to her feet. He grabbed her ankles and pleaded with her to stop talking as she grinned with an evil look on her face. Her dominance was always unquestionable when she was around them, especially when they over indulged in alcohol.
	The following Monday, the top law enforcement officials of the city gathered for an important and volatile meeting. The men bickered back and forth about the sudden unsolved cases of murder and unusually high number of disappearances not only in their city, but the surrounding regions. Although far from being a paradise, as huge cities go, crime was extremely low. Still, like all places, drugs and death was present but the murder rate had always remained historically very low.  People usually didn’t disappear unless they were involved with extremely dangerous life styles. The unsolved cases each season made residents feel unsafe. The fear that came with the evolving winter season made the police look incompetent and they hated that. What annoyed them the most was that they had no suspects. The public was outraged, especially the families of the deceased and the missing.  The men argued and aired their differences on how to approach the upcoming season and track down leads to cold cases as well. The reaction of the city’s top officer of the department, Commissioner Alexander Schroeder, was the opposite of the others. He sat silent and unexcited. That was strange considering his job was in jeopardy as much as the others. Why was he so calm and collective? Maybe he knew something the others didn’t. Maybe he just didn’t care. Or maybe he felt he was getting the ax no matter what happened so he might as well sit back and wait for the blade to fall. One fact was certain, the tension thickened during this time of the year. People began to travel in groups and many refused to take night jobs no matter how much they paid.
	Two weeks had passed since that mysterious stranger moved into the city with his crated artifacts and expensive furniture. A few days before he left town, he brokered a deal to purchase a dance club on behalf of a third party. The four story estate he temporarily resided in was also purchased by a third party who obviously had great wealth. One evening after sunset, he ventured down to the underground level of the mansion. He looked at the crates and then grabbed a hammer to pry one open. Afterward, he looked down and waited silently. Whatever his eyes fixed on, was human. He removed the packing material away to reveal the face of a young woman. Her hair was long and black. She was extremely beautiful. She slowly opened her eyes as a gleam appeared in them. He smiled.
 “I’m sure glad we don’t have to do this very often.” 
CHAPTER THREE
	Danielle was bouncing around the house. She was happy about spending a few days at Thomas’ apartment. Dana packed her overnight bag. Thomas came over to her place to pick her up. They both said their goodbyes to Dana and headed back to his place. Danielle was the spitting image of Thomas but only lighter in complexion. People sometimes assumed that she was his daughter. Passengers starred at them with a smile as they rode the subway. The two were inseparable. If he had to, he would go to hell and back for her. She snuggled up under him as she looked at a child’s picture book he had given her. Taking care of her when Dana needed help always came with a price. She was prone to getting into mischief such as, pouring laundry detergent into his dishwasher, tossing his T-shirts out of the window to see if they could fly and totally covering her face in white flour to look like the Japanese Geisha girls she saw on television.  He took her out to see the sites of the city as he always did when they spent time together. They did host of other activities that left his feet sore by the end of the day. Thomas was exhausted when they returned home. He sat back on the sofa, put his legs up on the coffee table and crossed his feet. Danielle attempted to do the same. Although she wanted to be like her brother in every way, she always struggled with this task. She slouched deep down into the sofa. Her upper lip curved in under her teeth, demonstrating the effort she exerted for her feet to touch the table. Looking up at her Thomas, she smiled and giggled as usual. When she finally tired out he put her to bed. Fearing that she would never, ever whine down, he cried out, 
“Thank you God!” 
After long and tiring; yet, fun filled weekends caring for Danielle, Thomas usually struggled to get back into the flow of work and school each week. Looking after her simply drained him. David and the rest of the guys all had different classes since they were studying different majors. One Tuesday evening, Thomas had to spend a lot of time in the student administration office clearing up some important business that pertained to his classes. His instructor granted him permission to be late. After all, his instructor knew that the problem Thomas had to attend to was because the college had made an error in his financial status. Most of the classrooms had front and back entrances. While Thomas was absent from his class a new student entered. A young woman entered by the rear door and placed her books down on a desk. She was a knockout. She stood around five foot four. She had red shoulder length hair and the hottest, thick red lips a female could possess. Male students were mesmerized and love struck when they saw her. She had on a striped black and white short sleeve top and a pair of black pants that hugged her curves. She wore black shoes, a walk and a smile that had those around her convinced that she was created from a substance superior to theirs. She pulled out a note she had from the administration office. She politely gave the piece of paper to the instructor who also had a lump in his throat and probably somewhere else as well. 
“Oh…ah, alright Lisa,” he stuttered. “Glad to have you. Sit anywhere you want,” as he tried to regain his thought process.
 At the same time, two other young females named Vanessa and Cindy entered as new students in Keith and Brandon’s classes. They had the same effect on their new male classmates as well. Vanessa was a dark, caramel colored beauty with straight hair that came down just past her shoulders. Cindy was a golden haired blonde with sparkling green eyes. None of them measured over five foot six but because of their shoes and trimmed figure, they appeared to be much taller than they actually were. Thomas didn’t see Lisa that evening but the crossing of their paths were inevitable. 
When class broke for the evening the new female students were the talk of the school among all the men. Thomas was done with his classes for the evening and waited on the hall bench for his friends afterward. He was ready to get home and rest. All Brandon and Keith could talk about was their new female classmates. Thomas was too tired to care. Keith had recently purchased a new black sports sedan. Shawn, Thomas and Brandon were all catching a ride home with him. His car was parked in the student lot. Unfortunately, Derrick, a schoolmate and long time neighborhood rival was there with his buddies. The two groups had hated each other since grade school. They grew up fighting and clawing at each other’s throat for much of their early youth. Derrick was simply a bad kid and his friends were always at odds with someone about one issue or another. Their rivalry became serious one year in high school when Derrick and Thomas became embroiled in a nasty fight. Thomas shattered Derrick’s Jaw bone with one blow. Derrick never got over the humiliation of being taken down. After all, he was supposed to be the areas tough, bad boy. Thomas proved he was the tougher. He wasn’t stupid or educationally challenged. On the contrary, Derrick was very smart. He just didn’t have enough confidence to realize that that was all he needed to gain respect. His biggest problem became binge drinking and being part of a crowd-any crowd. He often went to clubs to get wasted and pick up strange women he’d never seen before. When they reached the parking lot, Derrick and his friends were there. The two groups exchanged dirty looks. The motorcycles belonging to Derrick and his friends were directly behind Keith’s car, preventing him from backing out. Once inside the car, Keith motioned for Derrick and his friends to move their bikes. Derrick sarcastically acknowledged him with a smile then proceeded to ignore him as he continued socializing with his friends. Keith and the others didn’t say a word to each other. They all knew what Derrick’s brush off meant. Keith put his car in reverse, looked back and pushed the accelerator all the way down to the floor. His car tires screeched and as smoke built up due to the friction. Two of the seven bikes that were directly in Keith’s path were hit simultaneously by the rear of his car. The bikes went flying to the sides and crashed to the ground, damaging them severely. Derrick and his friends went flying to the ground for their safety for fear of being run over. Keith and the others stepped out of the car. He walked over to see the damage as Derrick and his friends got up from the ground. 
“Well, how do you like that? Looks like someone just run over your bikes,” Keith stated mockingly. 
Derrick stepped forward-screaming at the top of his lungs.
 “You just bought yourself a new motorcycles scum bag!” 
 Suddenly, Thomas approached him.
 “Oh really-well you’d better find way to pull the money out of that mud hole of yours, because that’s the only way you’re going to get a new bike over this way. 
Derrick withered at the thought of another fight with him. He knew Thomas was extremely strong and very dangerous with his hands. He slowly stepped back.
 “We’ll take care of this another time dude- another time.” 
“Hey-the time is right now,” Shawn added. “So-Bring it-let’s get it on!
 None of the men were aware that they were being watched by their new class mates Lisa, Cindy and Vanessa. They sat in their car and witnessed the entire affair. When Lisa saw Thomas she pointed at him. 
“He is so cute,” she noted.
“I think we’ve found someone for Lisa,” Vanessa blurted out with a laugh. 
After seeing the respect Keith and the others commanded, Cindy declared, 
“I guess we know who the real men are around here.” 
	In early October, the college Thomas and his friends attended put on an opening semester fair for students, families and friends. The fall season took on an eerie calm-like the silence before a great noise hits. There seem to be an unusual, unseen darkness that hovered around the campus. The fair was full of students from the drama classes dressed in creepy masks and make up. Thomas, David and Michelle attended the event together and also brought Danielle along. Michelle and David’s relationship had become serious pretty quick. They had always liked each other and now were headed for a serious love affair. Dana had just returned from visiting her sister and was too tired to attend but gave strict instructions to both her sons to stay away from the park near the school. The police had discovered a decomposed body the previous week. Thomas assured her not to worry because Danielle would be with both he and David.
	The night was fun as they later met up with other friends from class and the neighborhood. Dana wanted Danielle home by a certain time because she couldn’t stay too late. She took to Michelle like bees to honey. They adored each other. Danielle began to view her as an older sister type, which she didn’t have. The evening grew late and Thomas assured David that he could stay with Michelle and would take Danielle home. Instead, David decided to leave because Michelle had to stay late and help dismantle all of the stands she helped to assemble for the fair. And he sure didn’t want to stick around for that. Thomas waited as David said good night to Michelle. They made plans to hang out the following evening. He grabbed and pulled her aside so no one would interrupt them. They kissed with a heated passion that contrasted with the cold that was in the air. He promised to pick her up at 9:00pm for their date.
 “You’d better be on time,” she playfully warned. 
“Maybe I won’t even show up,” he teased.
 “If you ever make a date with me and not show up you’d better sick, leaving town for good or dead,” she sharply replied. “And even then, I’ll reach into your coffin and pull your tail out of there!”
 They two laughed together. 
	Thomas, David and Danielle began to walk toward the subway. They had taken the train since driving was often so annoying because of the traffic. As they strolled along the outside of the park, out of the blue, rain began to fall. The water was freezing. They didn’t have umbrellas because rain wasn’t in the forecasts last time they checked. Because of some restoration construction in the stations nearest to the campus, the distance to reach the next entrance was at least an eight to ten minute walk. Danielle began to complain about the rain that pelted her face. The drops burned like dry ice on contact. She began to cry as the pain worsened. Thomas placed his jacket over Danielle’s head in an attempt to shield her face. They hurried as fast as they could but the down pour was relentless. They could reach the train entrance sooner if they cut through the park. And Danielle was getting soaked. Thomas worried about her getting sick and told David they should just hurry through the park. He agreed. Not too long after they entered, they saw the lighted stairway sign for the underground terminal at the end of the long pathway. The park was lit well enough for them to see faces. They also noticed the rain had stopped, and not because they were under trees. A deafening silence accompanied the sudden halt of the precipitation. They couldn’t understand why. They came within fifty yards of the park exit and the street they needed to cross to reach the subway. However, for some unknown reason, the park lamps started to go out. Out of the dimness, they saw a man and woman approaching them. The woman had on a black, leather jacket that complimented her short, black hair. The man wore black, punk rock leather attire with black, biker boots to match. The two strangers walked past them without incident. One minute later, the same exact couple approached them again from the front. Thomas and David were confused because they knew they had walked past the two only a few moments before. They both felt as though time had suddenly gone into rewind. Were they seeing things? This time, the couple stopped.
 The woman spoke softly. 
“Excuse me, do either of you have a lighter or a match?”
 She held a cigarette between her fingers. David squeezed Danielle’s hand tight.
 “No, sorry-we don’t smoke,” David politely answered. 
Neither he nor Thomas was afraid, just leery. The man only grinned, which added to their discomfort.
 “Awww, that’s a shame,” she lamented. 
She leaned down to Danielle.
 “How about you cutie-do you have a light?
 David cursed and warned her to get away from Danielle and get lost. Before he could utter another word, the man with her shoved his hand straight into David’s lower torso as easy as one sticks a hot knife into bowl of much. David gasped in shock but was unable to fully scream because of the loss of his air and strength within his abdominals. The woman struck Thomas with a back hand, sending him flying off the walkway onto the grass. He was hurt badly. The man ripped out David’s internal organs. Danielle was horrified. 
 “Danielle! Run to the train! Run to the train!” Thomas screamed.
He could barely stand up because he was so dizzy. The man dragged David across the grass and into the darkness of the trees and bushes and sunk his sharp teeth into his throat. That was the last time Thomas saw his brother alive. Danielle ran as Thomas tried to walk. He picked up a tree branch in which to fight off his attackers. The woman moved with the speed of a ghost. She struck Thomas in the back knocking him to the ground. He attempted to get up but only managed to get to his knees. He noticed feet standing in front of him. He looked up and there she was. Before he could make a move she quickly stretched forth her hand. He grabbed his forehead as though he had a headache. He fell backwards and nearly passed out. She used her mental power to distort and hopefully erase his memory of her face. She heard loud voices wondering about the commotion she was causing. She needed to hurry and feed on the weakest victim before others attempted to intervene.  She decided Danielle would be a quicker and easier catch. So she turned her attention away from him and instead, chased her. She snatched Danielle up off the ground and disappeared with her into the night. All the park lights in their area blacked out.  Her screams were heard briefly, and then there was silence. Thomas regained himself but his eye sight was fuzzy. He was still groggy and had trouble staying on his feet. He called out for David and Danielle. He was lost and somewhat incoherent. He hurried in the direction of her screams. He approached the spot where she had been taken, which was near a park lamp. Instantly, the light came back on. About twenty from above, Danielle’s lifeless body fell to the ground. Her clothes were bloodied. However, she wasn’t mangled the way David was. Thomas was too shocked and hurt to even scream. His voice was horse with grief and his gut was filled with anguish so great that all his breath was taken away. He ran over to her, knelt down and held her as close as he could. Suffering from a concussion, he inexplicably grabbed his head and fell on the ground-his hand clutching hers. A trail of blood flowed from his nose, a result due to what could’ve been damaged cartilage. The last detail he remembered before passing out were many people approaching. Those who heard the attack ran to their aide but were too late. The violence was short and fast.  The assailants were gone.
	Thomas was rushed to the hospital. He was unconscious for eight hours. Mean while, Shawn informed Dana about the attack but didn’t tell her that David and Danielle were dead. She knew something was awfully wrong. She began to feel as though she was at the beginning of suffering a slow death. Keith was unaware of the incident. Shawn just phoned and told him to go to pick her up and bring her to the hospital. When she arrived, the police were there waiting. Before they could speak to her, Shawn insisted he would break the bad news to her. Brandon arrived a few minutes after Keith, who informed him about the unfolding tragedy.  Shawn took Dana into a room alone and sat her down while everyone else waited out in the hall. They paced back forth and leaned against the walls in silent distress. Brandon asked Keith about what happened. In the middle of his question, a loud, horrible and grievous scream cut through the silence that pervaded the hospital. With that sound, the most dreaded nightmare of any parent was confirmed by Dana. 
	By the time Dana saw Thomas lying unconsciously in his hospital bed she had already been informed that two of her children were gone, which physically dropped her to her knees and then flattened on the floor. Thomas later awoke from what was a serious head injury and his shoulder was nearly dislocated. Dana sat by his bedside and wept repeatedly. She was afraid she would lose him as well. A week and a half later, David and Danielle’s funeral was held in the church they grew up in. Dana entered the latter stages of a nightmare that would stay with her for the rest of her life. Friends, family, associates and all who knew her family attended the services. Thomas held her hand through the entire ordeal. Brandon and Keith were pallbearers and made sure they sat with the family as well. After all, they three were practically brothers to David and Danielle.  Thomas wanted to be a pall bearer but wasn’t strong enough. He was still suffering from a few dizzy spells and his left shoulder was still wrapped in surgical bandages. He told Shawn to remain close to his Dana. As her legal godson, she needed him more than ever. Before the coffins were closed Dana laid two crosses on the chest of both her children. This was very significant for her. This was her way of telling evil to stay away from both of them and the family they left behind because enough damage was done. Brandon held up until the coffins were escorted up the church isle after the services. When they reached the entrance, People realized that David and Danielle were never coming back. That’s when Brandon broke down. Michelle was empty inside. She had to be helped and comforted by two of her friends. She buckled over in unspeakable pain as she followed behind the coffin that held the body of the man she had fallen in love with. Dana held up well considering what her mind and soul was going through. There were people outside because the church simply couldn’t accommodate the masses that attended. David was very popular and much loved. The church Vicar had known the Dikane children from the time they were infants and had baptized all three. He felt as though he himself had lost members of his family. His wife use to baby sit David when he was a toddler. To see how many people were touched by him and his sister was a testament to how much they were loved by their community. The dreadful procession ended at the cemetery. Once the graves of her children were completely covered, Dana fell apart. Her body went limp and she slumped to the ground. She began to weep. Michelle, Shawn and Thomas knelt down to comfort her. Her sorrow was pure torture to witness. She went into shock shortly after and lost grip on reality. As she grieved, she looked up at Michelle and then pleaded to her like a little girl stuck in a nightmare and said, 
“I want to wake up now.”
CHAPTER FOUR
	A couple of weeks after the burial, Dana had a serious talk with Thomas. She experienced the different stages people deal with when they lose a loved one. She was now going through the anger stage. She demanded to know what happened on the night David and Danielle were killed. She wanted to understand how their deaths came about. Thomas and Lydia were staying with Dana to help care for her. When she spoke with him her voice took on an official tone. He felt as though a police woman was interrogating him. She wanted to know how the three of them ended up in the park after she explicitly told them to stay away. Thomas already blamed himself for what happened. He wasn’t that surprised when she held him partly responsible as well. Just the same, her words of anger stung his ears. She was not in the mood to consider his feelings. Yes, he explained that he was worried about Danielle getting sick from the freezing rain that suddenly pelted them before they reached the train station. His reasons were unacceptable.
  “So what- Let her get sick! She countered. “She would’ve gotten over a cold. But now she’s dead, and I can’t do anything for her now.” 
After these and other harsh words, she took a deep breath as he stood silent. She was just too upset to be around him and told him to go back to his own apartment. She explained that she needed time to work through too much. He lost his sister, his brother and now, his mother, whom he desperately needed to be close to at the time. He apologized profusely. He wanted to crawl under a rock and just die for his poor judgment but his words seemed to fall on deaf ears. He had never seen Dana so calm, yet, so enraged. Lydia over heard the exchange between the two. He was always her favorite nephew. Although she loved all three of Dana’s kids, she was always closet to him and loved him like her own son. She felt Dana was extremely hard on him and very unfair. Regardless, she wasn’t concerned about anyone else’s opinion. Her children were dead and buried and the monsters who put them there were still free. Not all the “I’m sorry” in the world was not enough for her. 
	As the weeks dragged on, Thomas fell into a deep depression and a deep state of unexplained fear. He constantly checked with the police to find out if they had caught the assailants. That wasn’t the only reason he was so spooked. He remembered how fast the attack was but still struggled to remember missing details about the woman, which could’ve helped with her capture. For some reason he couldn’t recall exactly what her voice sounded like. He remembered the super strength she possessed. He recalled that Danielle was dropped back to the ground from the air above. He realized that the people who attacked them could not have been ordinary people. The police were baffled as well. Their investigation of the crime scene and Thomas’ entire account of the attack didn’t match the laws of physics. The police concluded that a few of his accounts were impossible and that he was under the strain of a major concussion. And because of that, they believed that he became confused and saw actions that weren’t true. Still, the evidence at the crime scene said different. He had trouble sleeping every night. He heard sounds and saw figures in his home that weren’t there-so he thought. He didn’t understand what was happening to him. His best friends stayed close to him, yet, gave him enough space and time to heal. One evening, Shawn convinced him to go to the college recreation hall for his shoulder therapy. They all were strong believers in health and fitness. Thomas kept up remarkably well considering the physical and mental stress he was settled under. They spent two hours at the gym and showered afterward. He didn’t say much as others chatted around him. Thomas stood in front of his locker at the end of the bench. He was almost done dressing when he felt a cold chill from behind. The feeling seemed to enter his back, glide through his body and exit through the other side. The world fell silent around him. He couldn’t hear any one. His knees became too weak for him to remain standing. He grabbed his right side of his chest. Looked at his friends and then dropped to the ground. He felt as though a foreign entity had drained all his strength. His hand was trembling. He flopped down on the bench because he knew he was about to fall. Keith noticed and hurried over to see if he was alright. He insisted he was fine. As much as he hated to admit the truth to himself, he was either hallucinating or he was being haunted. In any case, one or the other was going to drive him mad. 
	Three weeks after the murders of David and Danielle, similar homicides took place. They were unexplained and people were surrounded in a city of darkness both physically and spiritually. Police feared a nation wide panic and the public wanted the murders and disappearances to end. Even worse, not one suspect had been caught, tried and convicted. For the first time, the accounts that followed are what signaled the beginning of a season unseen like any other in history. On various occasions, grieving families frantically called the police and swore they saw their deceased loved ones walking the street during the evenings. The authorities chalked these sightings up to mistaken identity. But the families were persistent. They claimed their deceased answered to their names but didn’t seem to recognize them. They were described as having eyes that were black and empty. And they seemed to simply vanish when their families approached. Living in a crowded city makes that easy enough to do. The top brass wouldn’t release these types of reports to the public for fear of being called insane. With such descriptive sightings taking place all over the area, the metropolis took on an even more mystical and eerie fee than usual. 
Jason Broswell was one of the detectives assigned to the Dikane murders. He called Thomas at his home and asked him to visit the precinct to clear up some details about that awful night. Later that morning, Thomas arrived expecting to speak with Detective Broswel alone. Instead, he was escorted downstairs to the ground floor to speak with the city’s head of law enforcement. The ground floor was kind of dreary and also had additional prison cells. Thomas followed him into one of the rooms. Commissioner Alexander Schroeder and another man were inside. Both stood up when he entered. He became very uncomfortable when Detective Broswell closed the door and stood behind him. He moved to the side so he could have a view of all three men. He felt like a caged tiger surrounded by enemies. Commissioner Schroeder introduced the unknown man to him. 
“Mr. Dikane, I’d like you to meet a very close friend of mine.” 
The man put forth his hand to greet him. At first, Thomas hesitated to greet him out of distrust. 
“This is Mr. Jacque Kursk-he works with the police.”
 Jacque looked to be around seventy-five years old. Thomas didn’t understand what he was doing there and demanded to know exactly what was going on. Commissioner Schroeder assured him that they weren’t going to waste his time. They understood that he was suffering through a rough ordeal. He convinced Thomas to allow them to show him a demonstration in one of the cells further down the hall. Thomas agreed as long as their demonstration pertained to his family’s case. The commissioner promised that all his questions would be answered once and for all. The four men walked down to a large dark room that resembled a laboratory. The windows were covered with thick canvas that blocked out the one or two hours of daylight that came that time of year. Commissioner Schroeder reminded him of his account the night he and his family were attacked. Thomas acknowledged that what he said sounded impossible. He admitted that he might have been hallucinating due to a concussion so he didn’t expect anyone to believe him. Jacque quickly disagreed. 
“There are no accounts about that night that I do not believe, and I’m going to show you why.”
 Detective Broswell made sure the door was locked. Inside the room, a large cell held a prisoner. Thomas didn’t know who the person was because he was also covered with a canvas. The cell was directly in front of the windows. The canvas had hooks on them that allowed the men to pull the canvas off without entering the cell. He was completely baffled as to what was happening. Detective Broswell pulled the canvas off the prisoner. To Thomas’ surprise, the prisoner was the young punk who assisted in the attack that killed David. He felt uncontrollable hate rushing through his body. The assailant even had on the same clothes as he did on the night in question. Thomas insisted that they had the right guy.  What followed assured him that the young killer would never walk the street again. Detective Broswell tore away the canvas from the windows.  Daylight struck the cell and the young man inside. What happened next shook Thomas’ soul. The man was chained to the cell and could go nowhere. After a few seconds, he began to get weak and sick. He attempted to hide his face from the light but to no avail. He cursed everyone in the room. Shortly afterward, he dropped to the floor. His skin began to sizzle and peel away. As his flesh dissolved, bones became visible along with his veins and body tissue, which dripped away.  After a few moments, all that was left of him was a pile of disgusting, charred flesh. The stench was indescribable. Eventually, his remains were reduced to ashes and bones. Thomas was in shock. He struggled to accept the reality of what he witnessed. He covered his mouth and slowly turned away. He walked over and leaned against the wall. He felt his knees buckle as the enormity of what the young man’s death meant. His head was spinning and he had a thousand questions for them. Detective Broswell stated that they hadn’t found the woman-yet. After giving Thomas a moment to regain his composure, Jacque approached and declared, 
“I’m not just a friend of Commissioner Schroeder; I’m the head of an organization known as the Hunters. We kill vampires.”
CHAPTER FIVE
	Jacque invited him to dinner so he could explain how his organization operated. Thomas agreed only to chat with him on his way home. Jacque accepted. The two men emerged from the precinct. Thomas had ridden the train to the precinct. He just wasn’t up to driving. Jacque waited for a moment, and then a long limousine pulled up in front of them. He realized then that Jacque was a pretty important man. He was also riding with a man who was rumored to be the richest in the world. Jacque was a huge industrialist who owned companies that ranged from Machinery manufacturing, Pharmaceuticals, computer software to the largest bank in the world. Thomas wondered why such a man was spending his time as head of a secret organization geared to the destruction of vampires. Jacque gave him as much information as he could due to his time constraint. Thomas wasn’t aware, but he was a person of interest from the time Commissioner Schroeder showed a great interest his family’s murder case. He and Jacque had one trait in common. They both were straight and to the point. Jacque expressed his deepest sympathy and then stressed his need for secrecy. If Thomas repeated what he was about to learn to anyone, Jacque and every one Thomas met previously would deny any knowledge of their conversations or actions. First, Jacque separated fact from fiction concerning vampires. He offered Thomas the door to a new world which would give him the power to destroy interties like the ones who killed his family members. He asked him Thomas to become a member. A lack of wealth would never be a problem for him ever again. Jacque also explained how he would also be rich spiritually. He confided in Thomas and told him that the present members were too old to keep up in the war against vampires and those that conspired with them. His men were simply dying out. They desperately needed new members and a new leader. He filled Thomas in on how strong he could became once he learned the secrets of the empowering forces around him-forces the average person couldn’t see. Thomas’ generation was only concerned about skate boarding and video games. They didn’t possess the courage or the time to take a stand for anything else. They were too self-centered to face the mounting evil and corruption head on in their city. Jacque knew that Thomas was hungry for revenge, almost to the point of insanity. This emotion became his private obsession, only because he felt so powerless to bring about the justice his brother and sister deserved. If the police couldn’t get a grip on crime what could he do?  Jacque assured him that the training he received would make him a superior individual. Thomas was jammed with so much information until his head began to hurt. Jacque knew he had to get Thomas early and others like him who had recently suffered the loss of a loved one to vampires. That may have been an insensitive way of but Jacque had no choice. His organization was rich in tradition but was on the brink of extinction. They had successfully hunted and destroyed vampires and other creatures of the dark all over Europe since the early 1800’s. He established the first 20th century chapter of Hunters in England. They all wore long black, streamed line coats, equipped with weapons and other gadgets. They started out wearing mask when they began hunting and taking revenge on vampires in their early years. This protected their identity from vampires who actually lived and worked among them, especially during the dark winter season. Concealing their identity also protected them from being targeted by collaborators as well. Secrecy was very important. They wore all types of knee high, gothic boots called the reapers. Their entire wardrobe was black, which helped since they fought the natures of evil during the night. They were headed by one leader and assisted by other top members who ran the powerful organization that stretched across Europe. Members once numbered over twelve thousand. Unfortunately, over two hundred years of their legacy was about to end soon if a new generation of hunters couldn’t be found. From the instant he met Thomas; he saw a special quality about him. He was not about to let him get away. Thomas stipulated that if he joined his organization, he would do so only after he was mentally and physically cleared.  As the limousine reached Thomas’ place of residence, he assured Thomas that he could join but also quit at any time for whatever reason. Jacque implored him to think about his offer. Once Thomas entered his apartment he took some aspirin for his aching head. He had been tormented by bad dreams since his family’s tragedy. He leaned over his kitchen sink and held his head in his hands. 
	“The nightmares,” he thought, “if only the nightmares would stop.”
	Thomas struggled through the weeks. The stress of depression piled up so high until he reached the point where he didn’t care whether he lived or died. He dressed well, took care of himself, worked every day and attended his classes as required. But he wasn’t the same. He often had to go to the restroom at work and other unseen places just to be alone because he was so grief stricken. He loved his brother and he was even more miserable when he thought of his sister. He wished he died with them, especially knowing how devastating life was without them. David’s smile and sense of humor is what he missed the most about him. When David was just four years old, Thomas would often watch his brother when their mother was busy around the house. Whenever he completed a task that matched his, he would affectionately take him by the hand into the kitchen, climb up on the counter top and give him his favorite cookie. Then he would playfully rub him on his head and say to him, “That’s my boy.” David would bite into his cookie and then give his brother a great big hug. To Thomas, his brother was always that four year old he loved and watched over for his mother. He desperately wanted to go back to those days. But he couldn’t and that was killing him inside. More and more as time passed, his memories of David reverted back to their childhood. Thomas didn’t know why such a horrible event happened; however, in sharp contrast to his personality, he was a very sentimental individual. Unlike many people, he loved and missed the early years of his life. He believed that this was the reason why he mostly remembered David as a little boy as time passed. To him, that’s when he and his brother were the most happy than any other time in their lives. Instead of getting over David’s death, he was going backwards. For him, time didn’t heal all wounds. His friends worried about him constantly. He was suffering from major insomnia. When he did manage to sleep, he was haunted by nightmares that zapped his mental reasoning and strength. When he stopped returning their calls, Brandon went over to his home to see about him. He knocked on the door and Thomas answered. His voice was weak, like the voice of a little boy who had been crying quietly for a long time. He sounded so defeated. His eyes were sad and his body language was passive. He was hurting so bad. Brandon talked with him a while. He made sure Thomas knew that they all were concerned about him. By now, Brandon and all their families knew that Thomas and Dana weren’t talking to each other much. Brandon convinced him to go out with him and the guys and he refused to take no for an answer. Before leaving, Brandon stopped as he opened the door.
 	“Brandon, do you have trouble sleeping?” Thomas asked.
 “Every night,” as Brandon walked out and closed the door behind him. 
	When Brandon returned with Shawn and Keith, Thomas was ready but very reluctant to leave his apartment. He was spooked about issues besides his family’s ordeal.  Shawn was surprised to see such fear in his eyes. Thomas wanted to tell them about what he saw at the police department. He just didn’t know how to tell them without appearing to be insane.  Keith promised that he would have a nice time. They were all going to a new club that had just opened. A mystery new comer to the city purchased the property. That strange man who moved into the mansion with all those crates, successfully negotiated on behalf of the new owner. Once the sale was completed that gentleman was never seen again. The club was named Dusk Till Dawn.  When they arrived, they found the new establishment cool and very beautiful. The inside was modern, yet, had a touch of the old world mixed in with the new. The lounge sofas and the other rooms were available to have one’s own little party within the larger activities taking place in the club. They didn’t expect Thomas to dance after what his family suffered. Truth be known, all of them were going through a period of despair. They were just trying to break the cycle of their black moods and cheer themselves up considering the circumstances. 
	Late that night when Thomas was sleeping, he had a nightmare that scared him so bad that his chest was pounding like a hammer. He really thought his heart was going to stop. Going back to sleep was made impossible by the fact that he was afraid of every sound he heard. He saw shadows that weren’t there and eyes creeping up from behind his chair located in the corner of his wall. There was no one to see or hear but his mind convinced him otherwise. He was not accustomed to being afraid of anyone or anything. But he constantly felt the cold presence of some entity hovering over him. He felt as though some force was haunting him to death. He knew if he could stay calm until the morning, he would be ok. Daylight became shorter as the season progressed.  He dreaded the fact that soon daytime would be absent for up to twenty- two and twenty-four hours a day until the season gradually began to come to an end. He would’ve been a nervous wreck by then. He knew he needed help. He had to find out why this great fear of the dark had suddenly taken over his mind and his life. He felt helpless and that’s what drove him to finally call Jacque for a meeting the next day.  He hated feeling helpless more than he hated being afraid. He was gut wrenched over the fact that he was powerless to save David and Danielle. He could care less about what happened to him. He decided that he was never, ever going to be in that position again. He discovered that he was not so much afraid of death, but that he was afraid of living in the current mental state he was in.
	Later that day, he met with Jacque who was glad to see him. Commissioner Schroeder also called and informed him that he had a female suspect in custody. A young woman matching his description was caught in the act of murdering of a young female co-ed. Thomas requested that they not hurt her until after he arrived. He wanted his friends to be a witness to what he saw. That way, they couldn’t deny the truth about the existence of vampires. Jacque made an exception and agreed. Thomas contacted the other guys and told all three to meet him at the police precinct. The public was infuriated over the explosion of homicides and demanded the capture of those responsible. Unfortunately, they were still at large. Friends and family of the deceased wanted to avenge them in any way possible. Thomas already knew that he was walking through a door that was open to him which enabled him to locate and execute the creatures that caused him so much pain.
Jacque knew Thomas had hit rock bottom both physically and mentally. He knew because he had been there himself in his youth. After their meeting, Jacque and Thomas hurried to police department. They revisited the same room that once housed the vampire they destroyed.  The female suspect in custody was not the killer on the night in question. Nevertheless, she was guilty of other murders and was a vampire. Although he was ready to die, he was not about to let being a Hunter take over his life. His membership was not going to be his total existence. And he told Jacque he would leave if he felt his life ever grew beyond his control. Jacque really had no choice but to agree to these stipulations. He desperately needed new members. Later, his friends arrived. They were anxious to see who the suspect was. They were also ready to tear the prison apart to get to her. Jacque went upstairs to greet them. He knew Thomas was suffering from exhaustion and insisted he just sit and he would bring his friends downstairs. Once they maneuvered past the hustle and bustle of the action of the department’s main floor, the walk became apparently quieter as they followed Jacque to the lower level. When Keith asked where Thomas was they were shown them into the room and saw Thomas seated at a table. All three walked over and stood around him. Jacque and Commissioner Schroeder, who were also present, noticed this and were very impressed to see that Thomas had such loyal and protective friends.  Jacque pulled the canvas off of the young female. Shawn and the rest wanted revenge. But there was a problem. Although she wasn’t the right suspect, she did kill a young college girl but couldn’t be tried for murder.
 “And why is that?!” Shawn blurted out. 
“She died two years ago. I know because I saw her grave.” 
Commissioner Schroeder’s words put a chill in the air. 
“We have her death on record,” he explained.
 “We’re not in the mood for any games mister.” Keith warned. 
“There’s a lot going on with us young man, but a game is not one of them.” Jacque maintained.
 “Do you mean to tell us that this young lady is dead? She looks ok to me.”Brandon countered.
 “Yes and no,” Jacque explained. “She’s alive but the young woman who once had this body is gone. What you see before you is the entity that replaced her. This girl’s corpse has been spiritually and physically reanimated. The condemned soul you see here has mimicked the woman that once lived in every single detail. She is what we call the living dead, better known as a vampire.” 
A creepy tingle crawled down his spine. The young woman in custody opened her mouth and let out a low toned, hellish growl that drew immediate silence from everyone. She then hissed at them like a snake as her teeth grew into fangs right before their eyes. They were aware that strange and weird activities such as, witchcraft and more took place in their city. However, this new eye opener stretched their imagination. They were used to seeing vampires on screen at the movies not on the street or in a jail cell. 
“Is this crap for real?” Keith reacted.
 “This is as real as it gets.” Commissioner Schroeder promised.
 Keith paused in confusion and hoped that what he saw was part of some great, big hidden camera joke. 
 “Ok, she’s alive and you guys want us to know this because why?”  
“In our eyes, she is alive.” Detective Broswell explained. “However, in the eyes of the law she’s dead.”
 “But that’s just it! She’s not dead! Keith argued. 
“No but she will be.” Thomas said firmly. 
“A picture is worth a thousand words.” Jacque claimed. 
He ripped the canvas down from the window. He held out his hand and invited them to witness her execution. The daylight struck the cell the young girl was chained in. After a few moments, she was fried to ashes. Shawn and the others looked at Thomas with astonishment and wondered why he hadn’t told them about what he knew.  
“You knew about this all along?” Brandon quietly asked Thomas.
 “Knowing about them is one thing-getting people to believe they exist are another. So, I decided that I can’t and won’t live with these…things. If I go down, I’m going down swinging. And I’m taking as many as I can with me. What have I got to lose?” 
From that moment on, Brandon, Shawn and Keith were no longer talking to their best friend but the new young and upcoming head of a secret society that was going to bring death to anyone that possessed fangs. After a long and careful consideration, they decided that they didn’t want to be left behind if this was to be the future of their world. As result, they signed up as well. Besides, the thought of developing super human powers was exciting to them. Thomas didn’t own a monopoly on feeling powerless. They were sick to their stomach knowing had they been there on that cursed night, they would have been useless.
CHAPTER SIX
	For a fall day, the weather was unusually warm. Light snow usually fell in the month of November. Instead, people took advantage of the climate, especially the wealthy and privileged who owned real-estate on the coast line. Sir Ross Peoria was an old member of the House of Commons who was due to retire in a couple of weeks. He and a group of other members had for years, tried to take over and rule the country as Elitist. He and his supporters believed they could do so by using radical ideas based on their fanatical, anti-social ideology. They failed. Opposing law makers and their respected supporters in their particular cities threatened civil unrest across entire the country if their federal government ever attempted to rule their lives in any way, shape or form. As dark as the oar became in their region, theirs was still a society where everyone simply got out of life whatever they put into it by hard work, whether by legal or illegal means. Ironically, for a man who preached strict self control, Ross Peoria’s family was out of control in every aspect, particularly his grand children. The worst one of all was his granddaughter, Margie. She was a spoiled, hateful, snobby little college brat. She and her entourage were not only decedent but sadistic. They were just one inch above vampires, which gives one and idea of how low they really were. She, her brother Charles, and their fellow college coeds made even bad students at their school look like saints.  They all spent loads of money on drugs and alcohol. The parties they hosted often ended up in disgusting orgies. The Peoria family owned many properties, including a huge beach front home. A large portion of private beach was also part of the property. Margie and Charles opened their home to their friends for the weekend due to the unseasonably warm waters on the eastern coast line. On the first night of their weekend getaway, they drank heavy as usual. They started around noon and continued into the later hours. Some of them frolicked in the ocean as others sat or lay down on the beach in front of the fire they made.  One young man had a bottle of wine tied around his waist, proving that the rich can cross the line of stupidly and silliness when drunk. Margie held up a glass of wine and gave a toast.
 “This is for all the poor people who aren’t here, and never will be.” 
All thirty of her guest within ear shot of her remark laughed. But none of them paid attention to what was in the night skies. They were coming. She was coming. Her name was Lynette Borlandavic.  Called by any other name was irrelevant. She was a daughter of perdition. Margie, Charles and their guest were too high on cocaine and alcohol to notice the approaching danger.
Had someone bumped into Lynette on the street they would have said that she was a gorgeous, sexy brunette who could have succeeded with her looks alone. However, that’s not entirely what she was. Instead, she was the most powerful and ruthless vampire alive who made St. Viktersburg her home. She carried her brutality in an exquisite human form of deceptive innocence. She was spell binding to the eyes as were all of those under her command. Her hair was shoulder length and usually parted down the middle. Her thick, red lips were hypnotizing. Her eyes were captivating. Her allure, her sensuality was contagious. Through the years, her victims discovered that this five foot five, one hundred and twenty-five pound beauty was a goddess of evil. She was inescapable to those who crossed her path and only saw her beauty. 
“Hmm-I saw spots in the sky. Now where did they go?” One girl wondered to herself. 
She kept wondering. Although drunk, she swore she saw flying shapes in the sky that seemed to drop down into the ocean far off the shore. Five minutes later, an instant calm fell over what was previously, violent waves crashing onto the land. Even while intoxicated, most of them noticed the sudden change in the surf. A state of tranquility fell across the entire beach front. The waters became so still that all they could hear was tiny splashes. Someone’s presence had preceded them. Suddenly, a girl pointed and started shouting.
 “Look, on the water!”  
A human form came walking out of the darkness and into the light their beach fire had given off. The intruder was Lynette who came strolling toward them on top of the water. No matter how high they were, they weren’t too blasted to be terrified. As she walked one foot above the ocean, the surface made little splashes under her feet as if they were penetrating the water. Then, reality pierced their drunkenness and they all panicked. Those who were still in the water began to swim back to the shore. Charles was in deeper water and couldn’t swim fast enough to get away. She came up on him. When he turned to look at her, he froze. She bent down with a wide eye look-much like a lion right before he eats his prey. She stretched her hand out for him. Margie and others screamed for Charles to come to them, but he was paralyzed by her power and all her wonder. He slowly started to wade back to her. She took him softly by the neck and slowly raised him up. She opened her mouth revealing her, pointed teeth for all to see. She clamped down on the front of his neck-just under his jaw bone, and then pulled him in close to her. Her arms were wrapped around him as she drank as much of his soul as she could. The others on the beach screamed hysterically. Margie fell to her knees as she watched Charles’ lifeless body sank slowly under the bloody water. Lynette stood up-a stream of blood down her chin. Unexpectedly, the beach came alive. Hills of sand too high to climb rolled toward the others, slowly forcing them back to the edge of the water.  There was nowhere to run. Lynette took both her hands, palmed them together with her head down and then slowly pulled them apart. As she stretched her arms from wide left to right, the water suddenly parted- revealing the dry ocean floor. She approached the students. Although she remained elevated above the ground, imprints of her feet were made in the dry, ocean dirt below. For the students, this was just too much to accept. Some tried to fool themselves into believing that what they saw was just an illusion brought on by their drug use. Lynette continued her approach as though she were walking down an invisible ramp until her feet finally touched the ground. She lifted her hands above her head. Up out of the water rose a host of vampires. They moved above the water and then attacked. They went through their weekend victims like a pack of wolves through sheep. One girl was dragged off and pinned down by two vampires. One bit her on the neck and the other on her inner thigh. A third vampire named Lisa, joined in. She sank her fangs into the victim’s abdomen and drew as much blood as possible. She was second in command of the Borlandavic clan. But there she was, on the ground licking the blood off of a dying girl like a wild animal. Not one student survived the attack. 
After dragging though all the issues that came with losing his family, Thomas was approached by Jacque and asked to join his organization. He was desperate. Although the organization employed thousands of associates, as soldiers, they were dying out and needed new members to keep up with the undead who never grew old. Without a fresh breed of men to hunt such creatures, their special brotherhood would cease to exist. At first, he declined. Seeing the demonstration at the precinct gave him a headache. However, he realized that he had other family that he loved and wanted to be in the position to protect them. Learning how to be a vampire hunter would give him that. So he contacted Jacque and crossed over into a whole new world of power, wealth and secrecy. Once his best friends discovered what he’d done, he had a demonstration set up for them at the police precinct. Seeing an actual human fried by the rays of the daylight nearly caused them to lose their mind. After a long discussion, they chose not to allow their best friend to go into an organization without them as his safety net. They also joined out of pure fear. Seeing that vampires were actually real made them understand what happens when people are oblivious to a parallel society right in their midst. They become victims like David and Danielle. 
	Training was very important to the survival of new members. Jacque appointed Maurice, a senior member of the organization to assist him in this task. He taught them as thoroughly and as quickly as they were able to absorb his instructions. Jacque was forced to cram almost one year of training into just half the time. His new recruits discovered that unlike television shows and movies, this was real life. Vampires couldn’t simply be destroyed by a kung-fu kick to the ribs. Real vampire killers knew that unlike the ones on screen, they couldn’t throw a Karate chop at mere smog. They couldn’t get into a long drawn out battle with vampires who had the power to produce illusion replicas of their selves.  Physical confrontations did take place but not to the extent of what people saw in a theatre. Hand to hand battles were safer with the newest vampires whose powers were in the early stages. The new breed of vampires couldn’t to be taken lightly. Thomas and the others were trained in weaponry, and the secrets of mind control. Jacque was a physically, mentally and spiritually powerful man for his age. He possessed a mind of steel that could fight off a vampire’s will and discern their illusions and other tricks. He could sense their presence. He discovered how to obtain incredible natural strength that competed with theirs. All these gifts and more, he passed down to each of his new members. However, he was especially in awe of Thomas. Although each new pupil was showered with a host of extraordinary abilities, they usually excelled at one gift that became their specialty. Brandon’s back ground in science and biology was an asset. They needed to discover an anti-virus for vampire bites, which were usually an automatic death sentence. The fact that he was a natural genius in his field of study meant they were closer to a break through that would help save the lives of those scarred by the undead. Thomas excelled and mastered all of the basic abilities, including strength. He was already strong because of his athletics, which began in high school. He was a freak of nature. He was one of a hand full of people in the world who were born with the senses of a Sentinel. His hearing was unbelievably keen. His sense of smell and touch were five times greater than that of the average person. His eyesight was exceptional. However, his strength was his trademark. Jacque had never seen any human as physically strong as Thomas. The men learned to be as silent as a ca during before an attack. They mastered an arsenal of Knives, steel darts, bladed throwing disc, razor chain whips just to name a few. The whip was Keith’s favorite gadget. Unfortunately, guns were used mainly for slowing vampires down. They had proved immune to their special bio-tech gun shells and current natural viruses. After all, they were already dead. They used ammunition secretly designed and manufactured by an industrial division owned by Jacque. The cartridges contained a specific acid that burned and dissolved vampire flesh from the inside out. However, once the acid wore down, their flesh simply repaired itself. A virus was needed that could be added to their acidic ammo, which could break down their biological ability to reanimate their injuries. Until one was found, the only sure way to destroy a vampire was by cutting them in half, slicing their heads asunder in any form or decapitation, or a wood or special metallic stake through their chest. Depending on the damage, once the head is destroyed, the body of a vampire is powerless to regenerate. Lynnette had the most powerful family of vampires in the world but unawares to her, a new and younger generation of night killers were about to become the most dangerous threat she ever encountered since the 19th century. Maurice, the first officer of the organization and trainer, gave them one last piece of advice at the conclusion of their main course.
 “Usually, when a vampire disappears in front of you during a confrontation they will either reappear behind you or above you. Don’t ever forget that.”
Despite a crash course, Jacque knew his four new pupils weren’t quite polished and experienced enough. Quite the contrary, he had them sharpen their skills. Their new abilities made them feel invincible. Even though they weren’t, that’s the feeling they needed to achieve in order to tangle with death. Jacque was baffled about where the sudden influxes of vampires were coming from. As the city’s dark season began to subside, the membership of the Hunters grew tremendously. Deaths and disappearances tapered off. When the normal day light months returned, vampires vanished. But the question remained; where did they go? They weren’t in the cemeteries. No vampire would hide in a location that obvious. During the summer, Thomas, Shawn, Brandon and Keith stepped away and took a deep breath from the tumultuous winter they had suffered through the previous year. The improvement of Thomas and Dana’s relationship was minimal. Not that they didn’t love each other. But, so many painful words were spoken between them and she found herself unable to trust him or his judgment. Somehow, what transpired between them festered. They all tried to go on as usual but life without David and Danielle was never the same and neither were they. The closer the next dark season approached, the harder Thomas trained, so much until he didn’t realize his own strength. Vampires were intelligent. Most of the attacks centered in the industrial area of the city and a few suburban sections. St. Viktersburg boasted a population of over twenty-eight million people, yet, had the lowest crime rate of any large city in the world, including homicides. Unfortunately, because of the previous winter season, the city became the murder capital of the entire country. People were clueless to the existence of real life vampires. They had attributed the rise in homicides and missing person cases to organized crime families who were battling over drugs and other vices in disputed territories. Up to that point, the Hunters had no choice but to pull back and wait for their membership to grow. When the following September arrived, the city’s dark season was softly knocking on the door once again. This season was going to be much different than the one before. Vampires had no idea that they were marked for extinction. When they did, the war between the two factions exploded. 
	 Thomas had spent nearly a full year without his brother and sister. He and his friends completed their semesters at college during the spring and graduated.  Thomas didn’t have a ceremony since he graduated the previous year in August during the summer semester. Their training never stopped. They needed to be razor sharp because once again, vampires slowly started to roam the streets unidentified and un-noticed. They carried themselves like any other beings for the most part. They consisted of gangs, small and large families and loners. Loners were those who didn’t belong to any one family. They hung out with their fellow creatures but as far as rules went, they pretty much lived by their own. One large group ruled a section of the city. They were known as the Blood Cutters. Although other gangs of vampires held their territories, they ruled the largest area, which was located in the industrial district. Vampires generally viewed ordinary humans as precious live stock. They understood the only way to insure that they would never run out of human blood, was to not over feed and kill. They only had six or so to enjoy their immortality. After that, they disappeared and went into hibernation-somewhere. The Blood Cutters had over six hundred members spread out around their territory. No one openly attacked humans, distributed narcotics or any other substance without their permission. If a vampire or a human for that matter, wanted to operate under their so-called protection, they had to pay tribute fees or they were simply worked over, put out of business or destroyed.  They were vampires who operated with a mob type mentality. Without protection, lone vampires sometimes became victims of organized families. As far as the gang was concerned, the entire human population in their section belonged to them. Other parts of the city were ruled by their rivals. Not even they were large enough to rule an entire city as vast and populated as St.Viktersburg. Nevertheless, they were the most feared sect in the entire vampire community. However, there was Lynette- the new kid on the block. She and her clan feared no one-dead or alive. Unlike the other clans around the city, her large family was nearly all female except for a few male vampires who had been her friends from the beginning. The Blood Cutters were notorious for harassing weaker and smaller clans. The two factions would later clash as the vampire world watched and waited to see who was left standing when the dust cleared. 
CHAPTER SEVEN
	A black Lamborghini and Ferrari rolled up to the parking lot of the city’s hottest and newest club known as Dust Till Dawn. Thomas, Shawn, Brandon and Keith stepped out in black, full length coats. Although everyone was dressed in black, they stood out. All types of people attended the club. The place was large and yet cozy because of the way the sections on the first floor were arranged. Unlike many other clubs, the music was not overly loud and the bouncers were not vampires but humans. The four of them grabbed a table and sat down. They were very excited, like little kids in a candy store. Thomas wasn’t that amused. He was the serious one who seemed to be watching his kid brothers. Because of his ordeal he had reason to be. More so than the other others, he was on a mission. They were out at the club but they were also on the job searching for night creatures. Vampires were huge club goers. That’s how they found their victims without being conspicuous. Dance clubs, vampire clubs and other places, such as, high schools and colleges made finding victims easy during the dark season. Contrary to popular belief, older vampires didn’t need to kill and feed every night. Over kill would freeze up the social climate in the city. They usually fed only when necessary. What they didn’t need, was a city flooded with a police presence on every corner. That made victims harder to find, which in turn, caused people to be more on guard than usual. Long time vampires like the Blood Cutters understood this better than the others. The element of deception and surprise was essential for the successful existence of any vampire. For them, hunting was a brutal, yet, artistic way of surviving. They felt that the hunt was as much fun as the kill itself.  Others sometimes became careless and left forensic clues that the police found but kept to themselves for fear of panicking the public. 
	Thomas watched as females repeatedly approached their table and asked them to dance. But that’s not what he was there for. Shawn didn’t want to desert his best friend but Thomas insisted that he was fine. He wasn’t a downer and although he wasn’t in the mood, he was not going to rain on everyone else’s parade. He wanted them to have fun. He just decided that at least one person had to be on watch for all their sakes. In the midst of all the crowd, excitement and noise, Shawn caught the eye of a beautiful brunette. She was sitting on a stool getting a drink. When they made eye contact, she leaned over to the bartender and asked him who Shawn was. He couldn’t give her an answer. She had never seen Shawn before. Unfortunately, the woman who had eyes for him was Lynette. He decided to approach her and introduce himself.  When he did, her best friends took her telepathic orders on queue. They dropped what they were doing and approached the table where Thomas, Brandon and Keith sat. Lisa, Cindy and Vanessa caused Keith and Brandon’s mouth to water. Thomas reaction was a bit more reserved. He’d seen beautiful girls before. One more wasn’t going to turn his head in circles. The men didn’t realize that they were already paired up. Vanessa wanted Keith, Cindy liked Brandon and Lisa had set her sights on Thomas. Like him, she appeared to be the most mature of three women. Still, they were not on the prowl for blood. They had already filled up on what they needed earlier. They were searching to fill a void that evaded them since the night they became vampires-worthy mates who would voluntarily spend eternity with them. 
	The two groups chatted away for a while. After a half hour or so, Brandon and Keith excused themselves to get out on the dance floor with the other two women. Sensing Thomas was not in the mood for dancing, Lisa asked him if they could just sit and talk. He was relieved. He didn’t feel like jumping around. Besides, he always considered himself a poor dancer. Their connection to each other was instant. He was able to talk easy with her. Somehow, her personality was captivating. She made him forget he was a little down that night. From her point of view, there was mysteriousness about him. Unlike countless of her victims over the centuries, he didn’t appear vulnerable. She found him to be an attraction she couldn’t resist. She loved men who possessed a strong will. The excitement of not knowing all about him made being with him a thrill. She’d met all types of men during her endless life and after a time, they all turned out to be the same. They were childish, cocky, shallow, wimpy, arrogant, loud, and too emotional and worst of all needy. Worst of all, they always over estimated their strength. He was different. He was low keyed.  He didn’t waste words. He was a straight talker who said what he meant and never backed down from his position unless someone else’s made more sense. For some reason, Lynette and Thomas took a little dislike to each other when they met. She simply rubbed him the wrong way. She seemed much too sure of herself for his taste. She came off as being the kind of woman who liked to dominate men and he wasn’t that type of guy. The night eventually began to wind down.  Around 4:00am, Lynette invited Shawn to hang out at her place. Thomas excused himself from the table and walked over to the bar counter where the two were sitting. All the parties involved gathered around the bar except Lisa, who remained seated at the table. The guys all agreed to catch up to each other the next day. They didn’t detect anyone unusual except the ordinary people who were members of vampire clubs that frequented the new hot spot. Lisa tested her power when she attempted to summon Thomas back over to the table. He stood with his back to her.  She took her hand from under her chin and stretched out her fingers in a wave like motion. She then curled them back up toward her in an attempt to pull him over to her. He grabbed the back of his neck and complained about a small ache. But, he remained where he was. He attributed his sudden pain to tension and hours of loud music. Lisa was astonished. No man had ever withstood the powers of her mental control. She was conflicted. She was disappointed because she was unable to impose her will on him; yet, full of glee because she had met a strong man who was a riddle that she could unravel. And his mind and will appeared to be as strong as hers.
	The fact that neither one of the young men were mentally in tuned enough to detect four vampires right in front of them is a testament to how much inner command they lacked. The ability to see through the invisible shield that hid the walking dead was a gift that came with a bit more time and concentration. If they could’ve discerned what lay past their beauty, they would’ve eliminated the women the first chance that arrived. This ability was the most difficult of all to master. Shawn left with Lynette. Brandon and Keith tagged along with Cindy and Vanessa. She eventually showed off her home and gave them a little tour. This was part of her arrogance. Any other person would have never taken people they had just met to the place where they slept and lived. But she was always arrogant. She regarded all humans as weaklings that she could bend to her will or crush at anytime. She never learned to feel threatened by anyone other than a lone vampire killer she and Lisa hid from back in the 1800’s. The guys found her estate impressive. They didn’t question her claim that she was from a wealthy family. Her mansion was filled with luxurious, contemporary furniture. None of that old, ugly junk one sees in castles in those old movies. Thomas and Lisa however, simply spent the night walking and talking along the streets near the club. There was no rush. Strangely enough, after just one night she felt she had known him for weeks. They had so much in common such as, music, movies, styles and temperament. After walking back to the club he offered her a ride home. She accepted since her clan sisters had left before her.  Actually, her car was parked in the back of the club but she didn’t want him to know that. She wanted any excuse to ride with him. When they arrived at the Lynette’s home he was awed by the size and beauty of such a structure. Lisa invited him in but he decided not to. The night proved to be a long one and he was a bit on the tired side-over training to be more likely the culprit for his exhaustion. He walked her to the entrance. For whatever reason, he uncharacteristically leaned over and kissed her. He usually didn’t do that after one night. But an incredible urge came over him. He drew back to apologized. Before he could, she returned her own version of a kiss. She pressed her lips smoothly, yet, firmly against his. So much so that she moved him backwards against the entrance gate. Her tongue slithered out and covered his. She stuck hers so far down his throat; he thought he was going to swallow it.  
“Woe momma, what a kiss,” he declared.
 She grinned.
 “Your momma didn’t give you that kiss-I did. 
One afternoon, Thomas swung by his former college to meet up with Lisa. She was still taking a class or two, mainly to fit into ordinary society. The university was the perfect hunting ground for fresh, young blood. There was very little effort or danger blending in, which made creating new vampires pretty simple. Young men and women, who at their age, were basically walking hormones made life for a vampire in their midst very cozy. She was irresistible, and men especially flocked to her without any suspicion.  Although the time was only 3:00pm, night had already settled over the city. At one point in their conversation, she informed him that Derrick, who was standing further down the hall, had invited her to a party with him. There was a pause but no reply from him. She then continued and told Thomas that Derrick mentioned him. He smirked at her. 
“You two don’t like each other very much do you,” she wondered. 
His expression disappeared as he gazed at Derrick.
 “I think that one of these days something extremely horrible is going to happen to him if he doesn’t grow up.” 
She listened to him and delighted in the fact that hatred, the source of all evil, existed between the two men. Then again, if she was checking to see if his bones were easily riled by jealousy, another human weakness, she was toying with the wrong person. There was nothing needy about him. She, on the other hand, was spoiled. She was so used to men falling over themselves to get next to her, to be with her, to even kill for her. He was the complete opposite. He could take or leave her. 
While the lives of all those involved played out as the winter wore on, Jacque was going through his own ordeal. He was keeping a secret. He was suffering from a chronic illness that only his closest friends knew about. He would become extremely sick for a few days. Then suddenly, he would fight off the illness and emerge feeling and looking as healthy as though he were never sick. This cycle repeated itself four or five weeks later. Doctors were unable to put a name to what he was suffering from. When Thomas noticed the inconsistency in Jacque’s appearance, he suspected that his ailing health was related to his earlier days as a Hunter.  One senior member of the organization was not too thrilled to have new blood.  Blake Ireland, like a few other worn and torn members, were relegated to taking a back seat to the stronger, quicker and deadlier members. These factors automatically bread jealousy and envy because their best years were behind them.  A few were still able to put up a decent fight on any given night, but they were no match for the new breed of super vampires that inhabited the city. Blake felt that the boys were hanging out too much with not enough results. He said as much when he visited with Jacque at his home. Jacque defended them.
 “What do you expect them from young men? They did the same as we did when we were their age.” 
 “We took our positions more serious than they do now, Blake retorted. 
“We started hunting in our late teens Blake; we got old fast so we were never their age.”
 Jacque’s humor had struck again and all Blake could do was smile and tolerate the truth. Blake was not a bad guy but he was having trouble accepting the fact that he was just too old to keep up with the vampires the way he used to. Jacque understood how Blake felt but instructed him to keep his ego in check. He wasn’t going to let anyone stand in the way of progress. The senior members didn’t have to wait too long to see if the new boys on the block had the right stuff when time came for actually killing. Thomas executed his first vampire just a few days after Blake met with Jacque. The creeper was a loner who mistakenly took him for some guy just wandering around their most concentrated section. He couldn’t have picked a worse person to stalk for his liquid food. Thomas simply led him into an under path inside Ravenna Park. The vampire attacked using the illusion of invisibility. Thomas knew that the young man was not. He was just playing tricks. He closed his eyes and stood still as his other senses kicked in and detected where and how close his adversary was.  He allowed himself to appear as vulnerable as possible. When the dead man reached out to attack, Thomas pulled out his mid length sword, turned three hundred and sixty degrees-slicing the vampire in half at the waist. His speed was as exceptional. Before the stalker realized what happened, Thomas was standing over him. He swung once more and decapitated the young man. 
CHAPTER EIGHT
	Jacque’s birthday was approaching. People from his financial empire decided to throw him a huge birthday bash. Thomas was thinking of asking Lisa to accompany him. They had become close over time and really enjoyed being around each other. What was happening to him was also happening to Keith, Brandon and Shawn. However, this was not a one way street. Lynette, Vanessa and Cindy found themselves falling for these men who had a mysterious side they couldn’t quite unravel. Jacque wasn’t the only one who had a birthday that week. Thomas was another year older as well. The day before his birthday he came home late. He was undressing. He took off his sleeve blade, pistols and other weaponry. Suddenly, his door bell rang. He wondered who would be at his door at one 1:00 in the morning. He picked up his pistol just in case he was followed home by someone. Although they had ways of hiding their identity, the choice was their s according to the situation. Losing two thirds of one’s family tends to make one a bit paranoid, distrustful and more careful than usual. He checked his security camera to see who was at his door. It was Lisa. He kept quiet. He placed his gun behind his back and shoved the handle down between his belt and shirt. He slowly opened his door. She was standing there with the smile of an angel. He had a way of making her melt when he looked at her a certain way. She had only been to his apartment once before. He greeted her by stepping forward and giving her a kiss. She strapped her arms around his neck and did the same. He invited her in. 
“What are you doing up so late? I thought you’d be asleep by now.  And besides, you shouldn’t be out this time of night by yourself anyway,” he chastised playfully.
 “Oh please, no one’s going to bother me. I have a gun just like every other person in this town,” she countered.  “Besides, do you really think I’m so self-centered as to forget your birthday?” 
 She handed a little gift bag to him and wished him a happy birthday. He was truly stunned and humbled. He was at a loss for words. He opened his present. She bought him a gold neck chain she had special made just for him. He kissed her with a new appreciation for how much she cared about him. For her to remember his birthday without being reminded opened up a small crack in the tough armor he wore. She was the only new soft spot in his life and after her thoughtful and unselfish gesture, he saw her through different eyes, which made her seem even more beautiful to him than before.  He invited her to go with him to Jacque’s birthday event and wouldn’t take “no” for an answer. Off course, attending the celebration was tentative because of Jacque’s health. There wouldn’t have been any point in organizing a party if he was too ill to attend. Although he kept the truth from his new members, Maurice, Blake and Commissioner Schroeder had known the status of Jacques health for a long time. He was dying, and soon. 
For some reasons unknown, Shawn and Thomas were the only two whose relationship with Lynette and Lisa became somewhat serious. Make no mistake about these young vampires. They were all killers. Lynette was the undisputed leader and her up and coming empire was being set up to be governed like one. They were all ranked according to their power. Lisa, who was second in command and Lynette’s best friend, made up a ruling council of four women that also included Vanessa and Cindy. This was interesting because their relationships mirrored the image of Thomas, Shawn, Brandon and Keith. Like them, the four vampires had all been together since their early childhood. Still, sometimes circumstances change when outside forces enter into the picture. Lately, Lisa had begun to spend more time outside her family. Even when she was at home at the mansion, her mind was somewhere else. She was preoccupied with what Thomas was doing, who he was with and if he felt for her as much as she did for him. Anyone could see that she, a sweet looking young lady, and vicious murderer of innocent life had fallen in love with a mortal. Lynette however, moved a little slower with Shawn. There was a reason why neither of the women tried to attack their new men-they wanted them for their own pleasure. They also feared them. They couldn’t explain why and they never discussed the issue with each other. They didn’t want to admit that as powerful as they were, they sensed a great danger that surrounded the men they wanted. The old vampires who were still around were like rats skulking around trash late at night and hiding in order to kill and survive. Lynette hated how they conducted themselves, including the Blood Cutters. She and her family didn’t care about being discovered to the point of sleeping their lives away. They believed that there was a time to be careful but not to the point of sitting around drinking blood in hidden places and reminiscing about the old days. They had been around for centuries-unnoticed as time moved ahead. Even though they were hundreds of years old, their age now showed. Most of them appeared to be sixty or seventy years old.  To have existed for five or six centuries and only look no older than that was by itself amazing. However, even sixty was too old for Lynette. She hated any aspect that had to do with growing old. She hated that three letter word. This was her phobia. Her clan suspected that before she became a vampire, she feared growing old as a child. And she feared growing old because like the mortal family she loved, she too would die. And she feared dying. This is why she surrounded herself with young vampires. There were certain factions who didn’t appreciate her moving in on their territories. This was mainly because they were a female clan, which the others found insulting. In the vampire world, men were the strong and their rule was viewed absolute. This caused other vampires to underestimate her power. Vampires by nature are usually very territorial. Lynette brought her family to the region not to make deals with other factions or gain their approval. She was there to destroy them, expand her own new breed of the undead that never aged no matter how long they lived. And she made sure all her rivals understood that she was there to rule them. She wanted the people of St. Viktersburg to know that her kind existed and there would be no more hiding. Those who stood in her way could either join her or be destroyed. But some lessons die hard as in the case of the notorious Blood Cutters.
Lynette had a little celebrating of her own to do. She was commemorating her leadership over her clan. One hundred and ten years earlier, she secured the reins of a war torn and defeated army of vampires on the heels of losing her beloved master, Lita Reznik. She rebuilt them into a force that was prepared to take on all comers for the supremacy of the world’s vampire community. Lisa was unhappy about being away from Thomas days at a time but she was in charge of planning Lynette’s dark celebration. This particular night was in honor of not just her, but her entire family. The event was held on the lower level in the back of Lynette’s club, right under the nose all the unsuspecting human club goers who attended her establishment. The atmosphere was jubilant and exciting. Lynette and some of her girls were chatting in the back. No one paid too much attention to a young man that walked into her club until he stepped out of line. Carla, a member of Lynette’s family, was having a drink at the bar. Suddenly a loud smack cut through the noise as everyone turned to see where the blow originated from. She struck the youngster because he grabbed her butt. She then humiliated him verbally. He was a new and inexperienced gang member-a Blood Cutter. Carla ordered security to throw him out into the street, which they did reluctantly. The event was quickly forgotten by all those present.
Twenty minutes later, the youngster returned to the club with ten of his fellow gang brothers. Security didn’t try to stop them from entering the club. People and vampires alike were just afraid of them. They wore black leather jackets, black or blue jeans, black biker boots and loved chains. Oddly enough, they brought attention to themselves as gangsters not vampires. For decades no one ever suspected that they were huge contributors to the expanded numbers of night dwellers. They practically hid what they were in the open in view of the public. The leader of the gang approached Carla and leaned on the bar. 
“Hello hot stuff my name is Beau,” he announced. “I run an organization called the Blood Cutters.”
 “And,” she answered with annoyance. 
He paused with a look of astonishment and little patience, so he enlightened her.
 “My boy tells me that you cracked him pretty good in front of all these people. Even had him thrown out of here. Now, you must’ve known he was with us.” 
“I don’t care, she sneered. I told security to throw his scummy tail to the street. That’s what happens when you pinch a woman’s behind.” 
Beau belted out a laugh.
 “A pinch-Is that all? Missy, you’re lucky I didn’t grab you, I’d a got a hand full. But enough of that, I came here to educate you little lady. See, we’re brothers. Mess with one of us and you mess with all of us. No one man handles us, especially a little whore like you.” 
Insulted, Carla quickly went to shove her hand into Beau’s chest to rip out his insides. To her surprise he caught her by the wrist. Suddenly, her claws grew three or four inches as she tried to jam them into his face. But Beau was just too strong for her. He took his free hand and struck her across the face. She went flying off the bar stool onto the floor. The music stopped and others stepped aside as not to become embroiled in the conflict. They were only a few of Lynette’s clan members at the front of the club that could take on Beau but no his entire gang. Carla was dazed when she hit the floor. She got up and started to run toward the back where Lynette and the others were. One of his brothers tossed a long chain to him. This was beau’s weapon that he used to destroy his enemies with. As Carla ran he swung and lassoed her by the ankles. The chain tightened.  She attempted to free herself but his iron rope was just too tight. He dragged her toward him on her back. Her mini dress rode up and his boys began to scream and laugh at her expense. When she was close enough, two of his men forced her to her knees in front of him. As they held her, he repeatedly smacked her back and forth until blood flowed from her mouth. One of his Lieutenants’ snatched a bottle of wine off the counter. He completed her abuse by pouring the entire contents over her head-drenching her clothes in the process. Two female vampires decided to attack but stopped when they heard Lynette’s voice. She approached with forty of her closest and most powerful family members. Beau had Carla by her hair but suddenly freed her and backed away. Two women brought her back over to Lynette. He had never seen her before but instinctively sensed she was a lot stronger than Carla. Even still, he felt confident that a female was no match for him. 
“Well now,” she calmly spoke, “I seem to be a little late to your…invasion here.” She inspected Carla’s bruises, which were already healing. She softly stroked her hair back from her face and assured her the Blood Cutters would pay for their abuse and insolence. 
“Hmm, roughing up one of my sisters is going to carry a heavy price.”
“In what crap hole did you come from? Who are you suppose to be?” Beau growled.
 “Who do you want us to be?” she replied.
 Her answer confused him for a moment. He didn’t understand why there was no panic in her voice-no signs of intimidation in the least. Everyone panicked when they faced a Blood Cutter in any situation. He explained that every one paid tribute money and submitted themselves to his gang for operating in his territory. If not, they had to shut down or be destroyed. Lynette didn’t pay extortion money to anyone. Her refusal enraged him. They were old vampires compared to Lynette and had terrorized their section as far back as the war years of Napoleon and Wellington.
 “I’m going to have to sentence you to death for coming in here and interrupting a very special occasion.” 
“I piss on your occasion!” He snapped. 
Victor, Beau’s right hand man, and Neal, each pulled out a long, sharp metallic stake. With their backs to the wall, the gang felt safe during an attack because they didn’t have to worry about someone sneaking up behind them. Lynette positioned herself between Cindy and Vanessa. Somehow, the lights flickered and blacked out for just a second or two. Out of their uneasiness, the gang waited for the women to make the first move. Beau noticed that Cindy and Vanessa were missing, but how? Their eyes were off them for only a second when the lights malfunctioned. He wondered where they went. No one moved toward them. In a flash, two Cross Cutters jacked Victor and Neal up against the wall. One grabbed Victor’s hand and forced the stake into his chest. The second attacker impaled Neal on the wall-his feet dangling two feet above the floor before both men eventually crumbled to dust and bones. The act happened so fast that Beau didn’t have time to react or gather his thoughts. All he saw was two Blood Cutters kill each other.
 “What are you two doing?!” He screamed furiously. 
The two killers just stood there with a weird, unemotional look on their faces. Funny, he didn’t seem to recognize them even though they were dressed like him. Suddenly, their faces and clothes transformed and revealed their true identity- Cindy and Vanessa. The men had never seen that kind of power before. Both women walked back over to Lynette and took their places beside her. Lynette smirked. 
“Like I said-who would you like us to be?” 
Beau swung his infamous chain in an attempt to crack her skull in half. She vanished into a clouded mist as the chain struck only air. She moved too fast. Before he could recoil his chain she was already behind him. She exhibited long, sharp claws that she grew instantly from her fingers. She shoved her hand into his back. His heart and other tissue exploded out of his chest and splattered onto the floor. He screamed out in pain. She was all the way up to her elbow inside his guts.  Onlookers watched her red, colored hand wiggle on the outside of his torso. His blood rolled off her arm, which dripped onto his boots as his feet dangled about. She slammed him on the back and he flew off of her arm and hit the floor. She held up her blood drenched limb for all to see as the one and only leader the Blood Cutters ever had, wasted away into a heap of decay. His blood began to absorb into her skin. All those present were amazed and horrified. The human club goers were frightened out of their minds and ran for the exits. She really put on a show. She closed her eyes and moaned in delight from the taste of his soul. Beau’s long time partner in crime, Tessler, was a big brute and enforcer-a real overly macho kind of guy. When the shock from the quick death of his best buddy caught up with his brain waves, he lost himself. He picked up Beau’s instrument of death. He flung the chain at Lynette, hoping to catch her off guard. Before the links could touch her, she held up her hand to stop it. The chain froze in mid air just a couple of feet away from her face. Suddenly, the weapon turned and struck Tessler like a bolt of lightning, and then, coiled around him like a snake and squeezed until his bones snapped and crackled. She ran, leapt up in the air and struck him with the force of a truck. Tessler’s head shattered into pieces. Her clan sisters destroyed the rest except two, Reece and Stephen, who were held in check. Lynette then gave Reece an ultimatum.
 “Now, I’m only going to say this once to you and your pissy little friend here. You can become my slave or we can simply eat you for breakfast and afterward go and finish off the rest of your gang.”
 Reece agreed immediately to her demands. 
 “So, is everyone your slave?” He asked politely.
“Oh no, not them,” referring to her clan. “Their family-I just happen to be their master as well.” 
She warned him that if the remaining gang didn’t agree to her terms or disobeyed her in any way shape or form, she would cut them up into little pieces. 
Strange events followed after Lynette made slaves out of the Blood Cutters. Half of them started showing up dead all over town. A few simply disappeared.  Lynette couldn’t figure out what or who was causing the sudden decline of not only Blood Cutters, but the underground community. She suspected some outside force was tampering with her success, which she accomplished in a very short time as the new and undisputed head of the vampire underworld. Other clans attributed their weakened status to Lynette’s domination. They were only partly right. She killed to enforce her takeover and obedience. No one knew the exact number of vampires in the city or the region for that matter. The Hunters suspected there were at least ten thousand or more. A little over two weeks passed as the Borlandavic clan became synonymous with subjugation. Female vampires had endured being underlings for centuries. She was gleefully giving the men a taste of their own medicine. People, both vampire and human alike, learned quickly that she was not to be challenged. Many failed to heed the warning of those she conquered. They either fell in line or they were eliminated. She was not trusting on matters where new members were concerned. However, for the first time in decades, she admitted new vampires into her family. Those she entered the city with had been with her for over a century. With their extraordinary powers, they didn’t need vast numbers to be victorious in their endeavors. Regardless of Lynette’s objections, Lisa, Cindy and Vanessa talked her into enlarging the family. Lynette was slow to agree because she knew that the more people she ruled, the more problems she would inherit. Her council wanted to be not only a family, but an organization. With their takeovers came a percentage of all the funds of those organizations. The clan bought properties and whatever else they decided to indulge themselves in. Lynette purchased more land adjacent to her estate on the country’s coast line. The same stretch of coast where she and her followers butchered a large group of wealthy college students. Life for the vampire was good. Still, some one was killing their comrades as quick as they were killing humans for their blood. Not even she could ignore that fact. 
CHAPTER NINE
	Jacque’s birthday event was finally launched on a beautiful Friday Night. People from all over the business and social world attended. All the Hunters were in attendance and sharply dressed in suit and ties. Lynette, Lisa, Cindy and Vanessa also attended. Lisa tried to contain her excitement of being with Thomas. She confided to Lynette that he was definitely the man she wanted for all time. Unfortunately, that required killing him in order for the next entity to slide into his shell and absorb what was left of his oar, which is how vampires mimicked the traits of the people they devoured. The evil spirits that reanimated dead bodies was the spiritual equivalent of assuming someone’s identity. Even though Thomas’ ability to discern vampires from humans had yet to kick in, the invincible shield that existed around him made her shy away from any attempt to attack him. He always seemed to be on guard-trusting no one too liberally-not even her. The party was a great gathering. Shawn and Lynette were inseparable all night. As they stood and talked with drinks in their hand, he was called away for a moment to talk to a Reporter about Jacque. Everyone was having a great time. Unfortunately, those times ended when Jacque walked up to the front of the ball room and gave a short speech to express his gratitude to his entire guest for attending his celebration. As his first words were uttered, Lynette flinched and squinted as though someone had pieced her ear-causing her great pain. The voice she heard was unmistakable. Before she turned to look toward the front she already knew who was speaking. She recognized Jacque’s tone. The two had tangled seventy years earlier. She was guilty of killing Jacky, his ten year old daughter in order fill her hunger for human blood. As a result, he formed the first chapter of Hunters in England even though he himself was a Scotsman like all the early members. They too had their families snatched from them by Lynette and her followers. Jacque never really got over the death of his little girl. His wife also never recovered and developed health issues. She eventually passed away a few years later. Jacque was left all alone. After he formed the Hunters they became his family. This is why he and Thomas developed such a close relationship. He knew how Thomas felt when he lost Danielle. Nothing is more painful than the willful murder of an innocent child, for which there is no forgiveness in the eyes of the Hunters. Despicable acts like these committed by vampires is what made his chapter feared by all creatures that existed by the power of darkness.
	Lynette’s rage roared up inside her. Shawn wanted to introduce her to Jacque but never had the chance because he was swamped by so many people. To her, he hadn’t changed enough to be mistaken for anyone else. She wanted to kill Jacque where he stood. Who knew how many of the men and women at the party were members of his secret order. She immediately exited the party. Vanessa was near the door chatting with Keith. She knew there was a serious problem when Lynette’s telepathy went wild and filled the entire room. Lynette’s mind was screaming out in anger and her sisters read and felt her reaction. They immediately halted what they were doing. They cut through the large crowds of people until they reached her. Vanessa asked her what was wrong. 
“I’m out of here.” She snarled, and rapidly walked out of the building. 
The other women were exasperated but followed her. Lynette reached her car and they all jumped in. She was so outraged that she appeared to actually be hyperventilating even though that’s impossible for vampires. She backed up her sedan and sped out of the parking lot and into street traffic. The other women were perplexed and all talking at the same time. They couldn’t understand why such a great night ended so abruptly. After speeding out of the city and into the suburbs Lynette pulled over to the side of the over path overlooking the highway. She stepped out and walked over to the guard rail. Everyone was silent. Cindy and Vanessa remained near the car as Lisa put her hand on Lynette’s back and rubbed. When she told them that Jacque was a vampire hunter, they were in disbelief. They all knew the stories of the battles that took place against their arch enemies. Many of their closest friends were slain by the men in the long black coats. Vanessa raised some disturbing questions. What were they doing at the party of a man who wanted to wipe them out? And worse, what was the connection between him and their new mates? Were they just innocent employees in Jacque’s company or was that just a front? Lynette and Lisa knew that those who sought their destruction were men of secrecy. They had cover positions to hide their affiliation with their organization. They had people in high places and unless they neglected to conceal their identity, no one would know who they were. Lynette thought that she was never going to see Jacque again. She left one country to come to a new one. To her consternation, the problem she was running from is exactly what she ran straight into. Regardless, she and her followers had no intention of giving up the new life they made. For them, being a vampire was exquisite in a place like St. Viktersburg. And why not, they had darkness for six months. They never had to worry about an excuse for only being available during the night. This made them virtually impossible to detect among regular humans. However, there was a real possibility that their four love interests were affiliated with this hated organization. Only this time, the vampires had the advantage. Jacque and his men were old. Lynette already had control of the entire vampire underworld. To remain on top, she would have to destroy the Hunters once and for all. There was no other choice. 
	Back at the party, Thomas and his friends wondered what happened to their dates. They stepped away for a few moments. When they returned the women were gone. Some of the guest informed them that the women left abruptly. They didn’t understand what happened. Shawn’s first reaction was to call Lynette on her cell phone but he changed his mind. If someone at the event upset her then he felt she could’ve told him instead of just walking out. And if that was the case, he decided to let her contact him instead. A few hours later Lisa, visibly upset at the prospect of having to cut off with a man she had serious feelings for, called him. First, she apologized. Second, she lied and told him that Lynette had taken violently ill and had to be rushed to the hospital. She explained that Cindy and Vanessa had to leave because they were all friends and feared for her health. They had to be careful. If their men were Hunters or associates, she didn’t want to let on that her clan was now aware of their deception. Shawn felt pretty bad when he found out Lynette was ill. He phoned to see how she was. She assured him that she was fine and concocted a believable story to cover her tracks. Except this time, her voice sounded a tad different than before-almost condescending. This gave him a weird feeling in the pit of his stomach.
CHAPTER TEN
	Lynette sat on her throne in a chair fit for a queen, surrounded by her entire family. She called a special meeting because there were many important issues to discuss. She wanted to re-educate her members on the history between vampires and the men who hunt them. She assumed that except for a few old men, they had all but died out. In order to protect them, she told them not to trust anyone on face value. Jacque was still alive. That meant there was a strong possibility he had new members and associates aiding him. To Lynette and her family, he was the greatest threat any and all vampires faced since their ancient war and victory over creatures known as gargoyles during the 17th century. In the eastern region of Germany vampires and werewolves were natural enemies-like Lions and Hyenas. As one who became a vampire as a little girl, she witnessed the older warriors of her clan battle them. Compared to their conflicts with gargoyles, battling werewolves was a picnic. They made up a third equation that was almost indestructible. Her hatred for the winged fiends kept a deep and hollow pit inside her.
	Before other issues were resolved, she summed Reece, the new head of the Blood Cutters and now, her slave. He was escorted downstairs to the chamber where she was waiting. Being part of the exalted council, Lisa, Cindy and Vanessa shared prestigious seats on the altar. His entrance was announced by Jessica, a high ranking vampire who coveted Lynette’s throne and power. Reece bowed down when he approached. 
“Stand up on your two feet slave,” she ordered with distain. 
Reece was nervous and politely responded. 
“What do you need my Queen?” 
“I’ll tell you. Quite simply, you’re going to be bait.” 
He didn’t understand, so she explained the entire situation to him-the Hunters and her experience with them over the centuries. He was chosen to draw them out into the open so she could see if they were actually responsible for the death of so many vampires. Yes, there may have been some other group responsible for their dwindling numbers as of late. But she wanted to be sure. The police didn’t have the skills to take on such creatures. That left only one other possibility, experts. She knew of no one other group that could kill her species with such precision. She despised them, but she also respected them. She once feared them right down to her lost soul because she saw how ruthless they were. They became barbaric in their thirst to eradicate the vampire world. She ordered Reece to cause as much havoc in the area where most of her fellow creatures had been slain. Most of the deaths occurred in a seven mile radius from her club. Reece received his orders and details on when and where to began his terror spree on the city’s helpless citizens. She had street spies stationed as lookouts. In addition, there was the media to inform her of what was happening. She had other matters that were just as important to her, such as, her family’s youngest editions to the world of the dead. 
	Lynette loved being with her people. Most of them were her creation. The rest, she met along the way. They respected her power and voluntarily wanted her protection, leadership and most of all, immortality. There was no surprise that females-naturally the vainer of the two human species, found her to be their answer to what they wanted to maintain-staying young forever. Seeing what powers the newest vampires possessed was very important. They gradually acquired their strength through the constant consumption of the victims they devoured-much like a new born being breast fed for months. However vampires drank blood not milk. The more they consumed over time, the stronger they grew. Vampires are not automatic, super beings when they’re first created. Their regenerated bodies are just too weak to take on full size adults in order to feed. The same holds true for their spiritual powers. They became craftier as they grow older. No one knew why Lynette was so extraordinarily powerful even though she was surrounded by a world of very old vampires who had fed on souls for centuries before she came into existence. Obviously, her authority transcended age and reached far beyond the ability of her competitors. Not even warlocks, witches or any other type of dark forces dared to challenge her. Those who did were decimated. The atmosphere changed when her business with Reece was concluded. The tension evaporated. From that moment on, her time belonged to her people. All the newest and youngest vampires were anxious to illustrate their gifts. This gave them a better chance for survival against not only those who hunted them, but witches, warlocks and others like them. They gathered around her throne. They performed their sorcery. For an example, one female named Glennis transformed into water and traveled under the door leading to another room. The door opened and she walked back into the chamber. Her high school friend Corrine commended her. 
“Way to go Glennis!” She looked to her master for approval.
 “Excellent,” Lynette stated proudly. 
Corrine and Glennis were only fifteen years old. They became vampires while attending high school. Interestingly enough, Lynette loved Glennis like the little sister she never had. She approached the altar and sat down at Lynette’s feet to observe the others. The atmosphere almost had the feel of a sorority type pecking order-only deadly to anyone who was wasn’t the living dead in that chamber. Jessica had her own little click within the family. Even in the world of young vampires there was nothing new under the sun. Alive or undead, there is always a click among groups. Jessica headed the General Assembly, which now consisted of hundreds of vampires under their wing. Yvette and Adrianna were her assistants and really believed they had the power to run the family. There were a number of kids who were vampires that performed their abilities much to everyone’s delight. Many believe that children who become vampires remain children forever. This is one of the greatest myths of all time. Children who are vampires grow up just like ordinary humans and then stop aging when they reach adulthood. Jessica showed off her mystical prowess. She transformed herself into Lynette from head to toe- right down to the very clothes she wore. Every one marveled except the high council. She then proceeded to transform herself into other people who were present. She had become strong enough to shape shift like the council. Lynette’s powers were shoulders above those who doubted her rule, and she demonstrated that. Displeased with Jessica’s physical portrayal and new found control, she stretched out her hand and made a fist. Jessica fought to remain in the form of her master but Lynette’s pure will forced her to revert back to herself. Afterward, she slowly sank to the floor and grabbed her head with as a great weakness overtook her. Jacqueline decided not to participate unless ordered to do so. Jacqueline was a bit of a loner and no one inside or outside the family messed with her. She simply scared them. She was loyal but had her own friends outside the clan. She did her own thing and was subject only to Lynette and her council. Others suspected that she cloaked how powerful she was in order to keep them guessing.
 One day after Reece received his orders, he did as he was instructed. At the height of the evening rush hour he began his destruction of human life. Two police officers were patrolling the busy downtown area when he approached them.
 “Dudes, this is not going to be a good night for you.” 
He snatched one officer by the throat and snapped his neck. He quickly grabbed the second and threw him into a parked car at the curb. He was dazed at first and didn’t get a chance to pull his pistol. When he finally recovered he couldn’t fire for fear of hitting innocent bystanders.  Reece blended into the heavy pedestrian traffic and walked calmly until his description was broadcast to other officers. They spotted him several blocks away from the original attack. Patrolmen cornered him with their cars. They drew their gun as pedestrians clamored to get out of the line of fire. They ordered Reece on the ground but he refused. One officer approached and grabbed him by the shoulder in an effort to force him to the ground. Reece grabbed his arm and flung him through the window of a department store. Officers then opened fire on Reece. Their bullets passed through him with no effect. He lunged forward and clothes lined one officer’s head clean off. Witnesses had reactions from disgust to getting sick right there on the spot. He charged one patrol car like a Rhinoceros and struck the side. The car flipped over repeatedly, ejecting and killing one of two men inside. A trail of gasoline flowed from the point of impact to where the car came to rest upside down. Reece held up his hand and like a flash bulb, his palm became a flaming fire. He exhibited wicked smile before placing his hand on the ground soaked with fuel. The gasoline ignited and burned a trail all the way to the gas tank of the car where an explosion occurred, killing the second officer inside. Three fellow lawmen were seriously burned when they tried to free their doomed friend. The more men the department sent to the scene to stop Reece, the more he killed. By this time he was on the evening news all over the city. They reported that a super madman was on a deadly rampage. Lynette also watched. Reece stuck his fingers into the building they had him cornered in front of. He climbed upward to the roof as easy as climbing a ladder.  Once he reached the top he looked down and saw that the police were afraid and baffled as to what to do next. They had never seen or faced a real live vampire before. They had always assumed they were fiction folklore to explain all the gruesome murders and missing people every year. Now, before their very eyes, one had come out of hiding and was in full view of the public. Some thought the world was coming to an end and under attack from creatures from hell that was sent to destroy man. People knew and accepted the witches and other dark people because they stuck to themselves primarily. Reece quickly ended that illusion. 
 A small noise emanated behind Reece. When he turned around, he saw a black war helicopter armed with guns. He stood defiantly. After a brief moment, the guns blasted away at him. The bullets struck with so much force that he slid back ward. His clothes were torn to shreds. He dropped to one knee. The sound of gunfire was vociferous. There were bullet holes all over him from head to toe. He never said a word. The guns were emptied and left smoking as the helicopter hovered over him. He seemed done for as he slumped down on his other knee. The men inside were astonished to see that he was still alive. They wondered what manner of creature he could be to survive such punishment. While contacting the ground units the pilot made the mistake of flying too close and too low to Reece. With new strength, he leapt from his knees and grabbed onto the helicopter’s landing bar fifty feet above him. He forced the machine down to the edge of the roof. He clung to the building and barely kept himself from going over as the helicopter lost control and plummeted six stories down-crashing and exploding onto the street below. A city wide emergency was declared. Reece took his ragged coat and shirt off and chucked them to the ground.
	Unexpectedly, a heavy voice spoke to him from behind the shadows on the roof top.
 “Haven’t you caused enough death for one night creature?” 
Blake stepped out of the shadows. He was dressed in the traditional attire of the hunters, including the famed, full length Duster.  
“Judging from what I’ve been told, I’d say you must be one of those vampire hunters,” Reece charged.
 “Right you are creature, right you are,” 
He quickly reached for his pistol with specially designed shells to wound and slow down vampires. 
“Let’s see how well your guns work against me,” Reece dared.
 Before Blake could fire one round Reece transformed into boiling acid, that was able dissolve human flesh as well as other materials. The pool of deadly liquid moved toward Blake. He fired away as the acid widened and threatened to surround him with no escape. Not to worry, Blake Ireland didn’t panic. He’d seen just about every trick in the book. When the acid got close enough, he adjusted his sleeve and stepped forward. A strong stream of water and flames shot out from hidden tubes under his wrist. The water wasn’t ordinary. The water was collected from the holy fountains of churches in England. A flammable chemical was used in conjunction to add an extra blast to the effect. Contact with either one made an agonizing experience for vampires. When the water and flames struck the acid a loud scream was heard as the entire pool ignited in a small blast and caught fire. The acid quickly backed up. Once the flames were self extinguished, Reece reverted back to human form. The second he did, Blake swung a steel, jagged spear that was attached to a long chain. He scored a direct hit. Reece took a deep breath as the metal penetrated his abdomen. Once inside, claw like extensions opened up and released a scientific form of ultra rays that turned vampires to ashes. Reece cried out in pain. He had to rip the weapon from his body or he was a going to perish. He tore the deadly object from his abdomen and dropped to his knees in agony. He then sat down completely. He was weakened. He had withstood a tremendous amount of punishment. He looked up at Blake. 
“Not bad old man.” 
“We’re just getting started,” Blake warned. 
Reece had one more trick to save himself. As Blake approached, he pulled a sawed off shot gun from his side holster. With the last ounce of his strength, Reece performed one last maneuver. He transformed himself into not one, but two huge Rottweiler’s. By doing this he had actually mastered two actions in one. He changed his human form into one vicious dog while creating the illusion of a second one. Blake didn’t break a sweat. He’d seen that before too. Trouble was, discerning which was real and which one was the fake. Choosing the wrong one could be deadly. Before he could even pull the trigger on his gun, the dogs came charging at him at full speed. Blake only had time to take aim and shoot one dog at a time. He fired repeatedly at the one on the right as both leapt into the air-taking aim at his throat. The gunshot felled one dog. However, the second continued to lunge at him. Blake threw his forearm up to guard his face. The sheer force of the second dog threw him backward and down on one knee. Only, that one was the illusion, which passed right through his body the way a spirit passes through walls. He looked around for the wounded animal. All he saw was Reece laying down holding his side-blood spilling out by the gallons. 
 “You know that saying about running away to fight another day? Well, I have more days left than you.” 
Blake gritted his teeth in anger, drew out his sword with his other hand to decapitate his foe. However, Reece started to roll like a steam roller until he fell off the roof top and plunged six stories down before Blake could catch him. When he hit the ground the sidewalk cracked. Blake stopped at the roof’s edge and looked over-expecting to see where Reece had landed. The only sight he saw was the commotion taking place due to the carnage caused by him.
	Camouflaged by the night, Jessica observed from afar on the ledge of a building just across the street from the action. When Blake arrived downstairs, a group of fellow Hunters pulled up in their cars. Jessica watched Thomas, Shawn and a host of others talking to Blake. The fact that they were all dressed basically the same left no doubt in her mind that they were all part of the same circle.  
“Gotcha,” she leered. 
Jessica was glad to discover the secret lives of her council’s heart throbs. Confirming Lynette’s suspicions was a plus. She had the pleasure of telling her master face to face, thereby, bursting her bubble and crushing the hearts of her council sisters. She hurried back to give Lynette an account of what she witnessed. 
“How could such a powerful queen be so stupid?” She thought.
 The answer was simple. The women had finally met men, who were different, and unlike thousands of others they encountered who just couldn’t grow up, they were mature. Having super human gifts-so to speak, only added to their mystic. This is often a powerful attraction to people with equal powers. Lynette still felt betrayed. Cindy was disappointed. Vanessa was annoyed immediately. She thought she had met her man-a real man. Lisa took the bad news far worse. She had fallen in love the hardest. She remained silent and gave no comment but her eyes expressed the trauma her heart was going through. Seeing her best friend crushed made Lynette vengeful. She promised they would pay for their deception. 
	Due to the damage Reece caused, city officials made necessary changes. Vampires assimilated into mainstream society undetected by remaining with the industrial population. Their location alone made hunting them more difficult after the city declared a state of emergency. Most industrial businesses prohibited firearms due to the explosive products manufactured and transported in and out of thousands of buildings. Firearms were not illegal. On the contrary, anyone could own one as long as they weren’t a convicted, felon. However, caution points were stressed because of where the rise in homicides and missing persons occurred. If one were to strike combustible objects inside the warehouses during the confrontation with a vampire, an explosion could take place-killing hundreds. Gunfire was rampant during the may lay with Reece. Police and other witnesses reported hearing more from the roof after the helicopter plunged to the ground.  They had no idea who else was on that roof but they wanted to find out. 
	The city’s reaction to the realization that vampires were not a figment of their imagination was horrifying. This was a city in which people shaved their teeth, pierced themselves, pretended to drink blood by substituting red wine, played dress up on the weekends and attended their harmless vampire clubs. This new revelation however, was no joke. The public stayed in their homes at first and hoped that Reece was a one of a kind horror. They didn’t know who was or wasn’t a vampire. They didn’t know how many there were. Most armed themselves and tried to stay calm and go about their day to day lives. For centuries, residents accepted witches, warlocks and other dark artists’ but they were primarily kept in check. Religious and law enforcement in the modern era forced the dark population underground. They became more tolerable due to the political climate that watched, yet, didn’t harass. As long as they didn’t become a criminal sector they were left alone. They coveted the industrial part of the city naturally. Vampires were a totally different matter. They were evil to the core and stone cold killers who needed no provocation whatsoever. They killed in order to live and that made them desperate and treacherous. They couldn’t have cared less about politics, the law or religious constraints of society. City Hall issued strict ordinances and precautions to the public. Crime never took a holiday but when gunfire was heard extra attention was given to the matter. If someone fired a gun other than for prevention of a crime they were required to have a legitimate reason. The city had just lost more policemen in one evening than they had lost the entire year. 
	Jacque had people in high places as far up as the mayor’s office. Deputy Mayor William Alastair was a former vampire hunter but was no longer active due to his fading abilities. Alastair was unable to offer any official assistance to the mayor on the issue of vampires. Doing so would have risked exposing his involvement in his secret organization. There was one positive aspect to the city’s discovery of their latest threat. The season was at a point and time where the skies managed to yield daylight for at least an hour. This psychologically made the population feel they were going downhill toward the end of their awful season, which seemed to go on forever. 
CHAPTER ELEVEN
	Thomas arrived home one evening to find a curious note under his door. The note was from Dana. Although the two had only spoken at brief intervals during the cold winter months, he made sure he was always there when she needed him, which was very seldom. One year earlier, almost to the day, his brother and sister were buried. When he became a Hunter he wanted to build them a Mausoleum. Why not, he was a millionaire and money wasn’t as important to him without his them. He decided not to ask Dana about relocating their remains. Disturbing them would have been too traumatic for her. Instead, he allowed them to rest where they were. She was going to visit their grave sites for the first time and wanted him to accompany her. Neither had mentioned their pain to each other. They danced around the issue. Now, he had the feeling she was ready to have a heart to heart talk with him. On the other hand, she didn’t know if he would show up. 
At 4:30am, daylight barely squeaked through the gray skies. Dana arrived at the cemetery with her sisters Lydia and Priscilla. Also present, were her twin brothers Justinian and Anthony as well as a host of family members. They stood around David and Danielle’s burial site. Many wept and softly talked about how wonderful life was having both of them in theirs. After a waiting as long as she could, Dana asked the rest of them to wait over by the entrance. She wanted to be alone just for a few moments. She held two sets of flowers in her hand. She was unable to find the words to tell them how much she missed them, how much she wanted to be with them, even to the point of dying. Living without them was extremely unbearable. She swallowed hard and tried to be strong for them. She took a deep breath and said what was in her soul. 
“Well, I made it through one year. I brought you some flowers...just so you know that I haven’t forgotten you. I’m not going to say a lot because you know how I can get. I promised I was going to be happy for you two because I know that you’re in a much better place than I am right now.  They say I have to move on-try to keep going. That’s easier said than done right. I asked your brother to come but I don’t think he’s going to show. I don’t think he could take remembering what happened. Well, I’m leaving now. If I stay here any longer I may never leave. Before I go…I just hope that I was a good mother to you. You were my whole life and it’s so hard… so hard.” 
She quickly wiped the tears away from her eyes. She pulled some facial tissue from her pocket and wiped her nose. She knelt down and laid the flowers on top of both of their head stones. She turned to walk away when she saw Thomas standing at a distance. He came despite the distance that separated them all year. He didn’t let her down. He slowly walked over and put his arms around her. He didn’t say a word. She held onto him and expressed her gratitude.
“Thank you, thank you for coming.”
	Later, before the day light subsided, they both talked and realized that time may not heal all wounds but they would never have a chance to without each other. She apologized for making him feel responsible for their tragedy. She was just so angry with no one to lash out to. She lamented how people commit horrible acts like murder and often get away. He told her that one person responsible was already dead but she had to keep the information to herself.  She was mystified by his statement and wanted to know what he meant. He explained that he couldn’t discuss the details but assured her that he was working with the police. She didn’t question him. However, hearing this information brought her such relief. For a year she choked on the assumption that those who stole her children away from her would never pay. He assured her that as long as she remained indoors when darkness fell she would be fine. He arranged twenty-four hour protection for all his immediate family through the organization. He moved her to a place that was a fortress for any and all who attempted to hurt another living soul related to him. Reconciling with her reminded him of how great life was before tragedy struck. He felt energized. Commissioner Schroeder had enormous heat on him from the mayor to track down Reece. Hunters didn’t bring guys like him to justice, they executed them. Commissioner Schroeder needed his fellow brothers to come through. He explained that he needed someone caught to stop the mayor from driving everyone around crazy. Thomas confidently told Commissioner Schroeder that he would give the mayor and the public their pound of flesh.
CHAPTER TWELVE
Part of hunting vampires often meant establishing their patterns. Many were very predictable no matter how sly they tried to be. Others were unpredictable and their nightly routine varied from time to time. Once the Hunters zoned in on these factors, exterminating them became more consistent. The Blood Cutters were a gang that hung out and regularly conducted a few meetings. They were reduced to just one operation with Lynette’s permission. Other than that, they were primarily her slaves who turned over their assets to her. In one year’s time, Thomas was able to help Jacque transform his aged and depleted organization into one with scores of new members. Six miles from the hottest zone of the action, Reece and his gang were all present at their club house. After taking care of all their necessary business they did what they always do.  They Sat around and partied. While that took place, lower ranking members went out, kidnapped and brought their poor victims back to their place to be abused and bled until they were dead. The noise suddenly ceased for a moment when one vampire’s ear sensed a presence from outside their garage which doubled as a shop where they produced Crystal Meth and other narcotics they peddled. They covered the mouths of the women they had in their possession to silence their screams. Reece claimed they were just jumpy for no reason. He was only concerned about feeding time. He bit down on the shoulder of one woman. With no warning whatsoever, a thunderous noise shook the very foundation of their club house. That’s the only way to describe the sound of the special made sledge hammer that resembled the one used by the mythical god, Thor. Shawn had swung the weapon against their front doors, which were four inches of pure reinforced steel. The doors hit the ground and a cloud of dust flew up from the floor. He and sixty of his fellow warriors entered and began throwing every arsenal of weaponry they possessed at their immortal enemies. Reece and his gang threw every trick they had at them. Their efforts were futile. They were completely out matched. Hunters were faster and deadlier than Jacque’s generation. Keith flung his razor chain around the neck of one gangster. They tugged and pulled until Keith looked up and noticed a pipe running along the ceiling. He ran up the side of the wall, hopped over the pipe with the chain in his hand. He landed back on the floor with enormous leverage. The jagged blades sliced through the vampire’s hands. The chain turned against his neck with a bloody, smoke like friction that sawed his head off. This was one of many confrontations in which every single Blood Cutter himself was cut to pieces in one form or another. There were injuries to a few Hunters, which were attended to immediately. Any bites from vampires were taken very serious. They carried a virus that could kill slowly or very quickly. Thomas called Commissioner Schroeder and informed him that Reece and his gang was destroyed. He had pictures taken as proof-though gruesome they were. There wasn’t much left of him to identify after his decay. 
	Thomas took great pleasure in every creature he slew. He and the others knew they only had a short time left in the season before the vampires scattered into their hiding place or left the country for the rest of the year. After rescuing the victims, they walked among the bones of three hundred vampires. Brandon found containers of fuel and poured the contents over as many of the dead as he could. He struck a match and calmly tossed it on the floor. The club house went up in flames. When the underground heard that the gang had been exterminated, the news sent shock waves through the entire underground-not to mention the fear. Other clans surmised that if someone had enough nerve to actually destroy such a long standing and abusive outfit, then they could easily be next. When Lynette was told of the destruction of her slaves she felt the same way. Only she already knew who was responsible for her their executions.
	Policemen and citizens alike killed without mercy, the destruction of the Blood Cutters, these and other factors made for a very tense atmosphere. St. Viktersburg was a pot about to boil over. One could sense the coming of impending events that would shake up the warring factions. One night Blake and Jeff, a new member, watched and followed two female vampires into Dusk Till Dawn. Blake finally had a chance to catch one he was after. She had slipped through his fingers more than once. He came upon her right after she lured an unsuspecting teenager to his death inside the rest room of a fancy restaurant two months earlier. He had no idea Jacqueline was a member of the Borlandavic clan. Her usual pattern was going to clubs, luring young men away and then doing her dastardly deeds in the streets. She took joy in others finding her prey in back alleys and other out of the way places. Lynette forbade her clan to kill where they slept. Doing so was risky because all roads could lead back to their location. Jeff and Blake kept an eye on Jacqueline all night. Since Blake was much older than the average youngsters who frequented the club they took a booth in a low lit corner and kept a low profile. Jacqueline decided to leave a few hours later. He instructed Jeff to stay and see if he could spot any more vampires. The men usually hunted in pairs and were stationed in clubs and other areas across the industrial district. There was no way they could blanket the entire city. The industrial area alone covered a fifteen mile radius in all directions. At least six million people worked in that municipality.  He wanted Jacqueline dead. She had taunted him more than once after killing right under his nose. He assumed she would be easy to dispose of compared to Reece. Again, he formed his opinion on the basis that Reece was a man and she was a female. Jeff insisted on staying together whenever Jacqueline decided to leave but Blake was a proud man. He had a hard time accepting the fact that he wasn’t as sharp as the new men who now ran the show. Detecting a feel for vampires by just looking at them or being around them came with time and continuous training. Thomas and his brothers had just begun to slowly reach that point. The night air was cold, humid and wet. The rain drizzle was on and off all evening. Around 3:00am, Jacqueline seemed tired of her surroundings. Jeff made sure he always reported to Thomas about their movements from beginning to end. This was a requirement, especially for those who were the head keepers of the chronicles for the organization. 
	Jacqueline was a knock out. Her black hair was long, wavy lustrous. Her body was curvy enough to make a man dizzy. She wore a black, Spanish style dress that stopped at the knees. She stood out because unlike most of the other vampires, her skin was tanned. She had the kind of looks that made men leave their wives for her. Many of them did. Those who left their spouses never got the chance to go back to them. She left with a guy who was obviously drunk. He was able to walk but he wasn’t able to make decisions for himself. That was irrelevant. He was aroused at the promise of spending the night with her. She and her potential victim jumped into her car, which was parked around the corner from the club. 
“So where are we going?”He asked. 
“To have some real fun,” she responded.
 “Oh yeah!” He exclaimed with great expectation.
 He laid his head back, took a deep breath and closed his eyes. As he sat there with a goofy look on his face Jacqueline eyed him like a holiday dinner. The door locks snapped down by themselves by the power of her mind to assure that he couldn’t escape.  
She put her car in gear and drove away. As she turned onto Venus Boulevard, a main street that led straight to the pier, she adjusted her mirror. She saw the headlights of Blake’s car and grinned. After fifteen minutes, she drove into an alleyway surrounded by manufacturing buildings that were closed. She reached across the seat and grabbed the young man by the face and kissed him repeatedly. Blake parked half a block behind her. He exited his car and started toward the alley. The closer he came, the louder the sounds of passion were heard. He pulled out his gun. He stepped into the alley and took aim. Suddenly, the sounds stopped all at once. Even worse, he saw no one, only Jacqueline’s car. A dim light from one building was on further down the alley. He walked half way down and carefully approached her car. He was un-nerved to find the vehicle empty. The alley was a dead end. Unexpectedly, he heard bare footsteps behind him. He quickly turned and aimed his gun but he didn’t see anyone. Then, he looked and noticed foot prints making little splashes on the wet ground walking away from him. He couldn’t shoot because there was no one to hit. Whoever feet they belonged to was unseen by the human eye. He took off in pursuit. Out of nowhere, he saw the outline of Jacqueline’s body slowly phasing into view. The area had little pedestrian traffic but out of concern for striking someone walking past the alley, he didn’t pull the trigger. She ran into an alley directly across the street. He couldn’t keep up with her. When her figure reached the entrance she vanished into the darkness. A light on the side of the building popped on- revealing an eerie and confusing site. Jacqueline was standing against the wall bare feet. Her hair was down and completely covering her face. Blake took aim at her. At that instant, a soft demonic voice spoke out of her.
“Before you shoot, the man you seek is over there.”
 She pointed further down the dead end alley. He was anxious, so he slowly crept around in front of her with his finger on the trigger. There were trash cans and a large commercial size waste container. He saw a pair of legs on the ground sticking out from behind them. He took his eye off her for a second but even that was too long. He saw her flinch so he opened fire. To his dismay, she was gone in a flash. His bullets bounced off the brick wall. He wondered why he saw her in the alley across the street and now in the ally he was standing in. Her victim was lying dead in a small pool of blood. His throat was neatly sucked out along with all his veins. Blake recognized him. The man Jacqueline killed was Derrick. Blake had seen him often around the area. He knew all about the heated rivalry between him and Thomas. He shook his head in dread and then immediately pursued Jacqueline. When he hit the entrance of the alley the streets were deader than usual. No homeless people, no cats or stray dogs. All sounds around him were somehow erased. He only saw and heard what she wanted him to. He looked up and down the streets and spotted her standing in front of his car. He ran toward her firing away. As he drew closer, one instant she was there, and gone the next. She visually toyed with him like a child, which visibly frustrated him. He checked inside his car which was empty. He felt a presence behind him so he turned and fired away until his gun was empty. He managed to strike her a few times. He pulled out his bladed discs and flung them at her, which she avoided. He sensed he was in trouble. He quickly pulled his second gun. She leapt backwards almost thirty feet with her arms outstretched.  Blood was soaking through her clothes from her bullet wounds. However, she wasn’t about to let a few pieces of metal stop her. She slowly faded away out of sight right before his eyes. He looked frantically all around to find her. Unbeknownst to him, a shadow crept down the side of the building behind him. The figure slithered onto the ground right beneath him. When the shadow got close enough, a physical hand reached up from the ground and snapped the bone in his wrist. He yelled from the pain as his gun fell out of his hand. The shadow moved to the front of his car. Up from the ground Jacqueline rose. She confused him with replicas of herself-a trick he hadn’t seen before. He fell back against his car and gritted his teeth. A fog developed around her and then started to move in his direction. He quickly realized that he could run away and live to battle her another day. He got into his car and turned the ignition but the engine was dead. He quickly picked up his phone and called Jeff. He explained what he experienced as fast as he could before the fog enveloped him. In the middle of his request for assistance, the phone connection was lost. In reality, his phone wasn’t dead and his engine did start. But Jacqueline’s powers of illusion were so strong that Blake’s mind was just too slow and weak to tell the difference between tricks and the truth. 
	He cursed her as his headlights kept her in his view. What she did next nearly gave him a stroke. She leaned forward and placed her body on the hood and merely willed her flesh into the metal of his car. She waded through the hood the way one wades through water in a pool. Visible from the waist up, her force glided her toward him which spooked him silly for the first time in years. Blake was a fearless man who wasn’t afraid of anyone. But, when he witnessed Jacqueline’s power he feared for his life. He hastily tried to jump out and run but his door locks kept him from escaping. She slowly submerged herself like a shark in water.  He jumped back in his seat when he saw her coming through his windshield and dashboard.
 	“Even Hunters have to die,” she declared.
She lurched forward with the speed of a cobra, reached out and grabbed him by the throat and pulled him into the dashboard-crushing his entire head with the force of a machine. His bones cracked instantly along with every vital piece if tissue in his brain that kept him alive. When Jeff and the others arrived on the scene to aid him there was no sign of Jacqueline. For Thomas, this war with the vampires had to end. Based on what Jeff told him, Dusk Till Dawn gave him a bad feeling. Lynette owned the club but now he believed she wasn’t just a simple proprietor. Too many strange events had taken place there under her ownership.
	The Hunters held a spectacular funeral for Blake four days later. Jacque was heartbroken, which added to his poor health. He lost one of his closest friends. The services took place in the church he and Blake attended growing up.  Both were born in Seakirk, Scotland and that’s where he was laid to rest. After the final burial, the men returned to St. Viktersburg. Jacque decided to stay. Even though his health was wearing him down day by day, he felt good being back in his home. Seeing many of his old childhood friends and neighbors lifted his outlook on his life and what was to be after his life was over. Besides, he needed a rest. He was tired of vampires, which he referred to as the new plague of Europe. And in many ways, he was weary of missing the family life he was cheated out of. He knew Thomas could handle the organization and made sure that every asset he had primarily went to him and the society’s chapter he founded in England.  He didn’t have any family. His mother, father and all his siblings were buried in Seakirk. His wife and daughter were also buried not more than ten minutes from where they once lived. They were all he had on earth. He didn’t allow himself to remarry and start a new family. He was always too afraid that he would lose them as well, especially since he was a hunter of men and women who preyed on human life.
	Two weeks after Blake’s funeral, Jacque was admitted to the hospital by Maurice, who remained in Seakirk to watch over and spend what little time he had left with him. He summoned his fellow brothers back to Scotland. However, by the time they arrived, Jacque had peacefully passed away. In less than two weeks, the Hunters had lost two original members. Associates from all over Europe descended on Seakirk as an grief struck the town once more. He was loved by all those who knew him. In his last will and testament, he chose Maurice to execute his last wishes. One of the requests was that the picture of his little girl be placed in the pocket closest to his heart. In preparation for his viewing and funeral service, Maurice fastened a triangle shaped cloak on the right shoulder of his coat. Jacque was from noble descent. His ancestry dated as far back as fifteen hundred years when ancient Scottish clans migrated eastward from Ireland in the 6th century. Although much of their community structure eroded away over time, Jacque’s ancestors kept their noble standing in society, which survived in the highland areas of Scotland. The Hunter’s rich history was attached to the Scottish men who made up the original members. Lynette and a number of people were from gothic descent. In a sense, the war between Hunters and vampires was also a war that pitted the Scottish and English against gothic descendents. Before closing his coffin, Thomas stared at the picture of his daughter, Jacky. Afterward, he handed her image to Maurice, who placed the photograph inside Jacque’s breast pocket. For reasons he couldn’t decipher, the little girls face seemed very familiar to Thomas. Jacques little girl had died long before he was born. They never found her body after her burial. Town’s people believed the religious community, under orders from the church, stole and then burned her body out of fear of her returning as the living dead because her death came at the hands of a vampire.  Thomas remembered that her name was Jacky. He recalled that vividly because Jacque only mentioned her by name once. Talking about her was just too painful for him. He was sick to his heart about what happened to her-just like Thomas. Truth be known, Jacque died inside the day he lost her. Lynette killed the most precious being he had. It was her payback for what the Hunters did to her spiritual mother, Lita during the late 1800’s. As requested, Jacque’s ashes were scattered at the shore he loved and often played on growing up. The bright light that radiated inside him, blacked out and never came back on again, nevertheless, he kept going after he had lost everyone dear to him. Before falling asleep, he made a statement that remained with Maurice for the rest of his life.
	“It takes more faith to believe in a better day-a reward at the end of all this-the reuniting with all those we’ve lost, than it does when we have everything here in front of us.”
 	Jacque Kursk had that faith.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
	The Hunters arrived back home. Losing two of their most senior members had them in a state of shock. He appreciated Jacque more than ever because he lived so long with so much pain. Nothing ever really brought him solace. Thomas ordered Shawn to stay away from Lynette.  He surmised that the club she operated may have directly been connected to Blake’s death. After all, he was killed by a predator who attended her establishment on a regular basis. The most prudent action to take would be to investigate the club without anyone knowing he was there. Anytime the cops rolled into to check out reports of a disturbance, they were unable to put their finger on any evidence of illegal activity.  If the club was a hangout and resting spot for one, or a whole hoard of vampires, he would find out when the welcoming sight of the morning light arrived-if only for a very short time. On the scientific front, there was a breakthrough in the struggle against the virus vampires carried in their system. To their delight, Brandon’s technical Bio-Science knowledge helped them come up with an anti virus that provided a cure. Not only that, he discovered a virus that could destroy vampires. The discoveries were right under their nose. A strain of the antivirus that cured humans was found to be fatal to vampires. The human antivirus was successfully tested on the fiends they captured.  The deadly bug latched onto their blood and cell structure that was cold and practically dead inside. They were only able to overcome a lifeless body by their spiritual force. They were already immune to normal diseases. As a result, the antivirus brought their blood and tissue to life biologically speaking, and then destroyed them all over again-like dying a second death. Once the cells are destroyed the spirits can only depart.  But there was a hitch. The human cure had to be administered within twenty-four hours of an attack or the virus was useless. Once the sickness from a vampire went passed a certain point there was no return. All that remained was a way to combine their killer virus with their ammunition.
	At 5:00am the next day, Thomas paid a visit to Lynette’s club while the other men checked out other nearby spots that attracted the same crowds. He only had about an hour in which to investigate and he needed to be extremely quiet as not to get caught for breaking and entering. The last problem he wanted was to be shot and killed as an intruder. He stepped out of his car among the sporadic pedestrian traffic that came during the early morning. He spotted Lynette’s car parked just around the side of the club. He slowly walked over and peered inside. He slyly walked around the car. He then turned his back to the door and placed a tracking device under the wheel well. No one noticed him- So far-so good. He did the same as he walked to the back and placed another device under rear wheel well. He noticed fire escape stairways that led up to the top side windows and exit doors. They were between another building in an adjoined alley way. That meant he could climb the four story staircase all the way to the top level without being seen because the building next door would hide him from people walking by on the sidewalk. When he reached the top he found an unlocked window and crawled through. He also wore long black gloves to protect his hands. He hoped the club didn’t have any cameras because he was invading private property. Some clubs neglected to use surveillance equipment because doing so hurt the flow of customers. A lot of them didn’t want to be caught on camera dealing drugs in plain sight. He slowly walked down the creepy hall-checking each room. He’d never been inside the bustling club during the off hours. The absence of sound made him edgy. He felt like he was the only person on earth. He proceeded downstairs to the second floor and checked every room but saw no one. He reached the first floor. This was where the club managers and staff monitored their guest. When he stepped inside one particular quarter, he encountered a mushy feel underneath his feet. The room was dim and the only light was provided by burning candles. He looked around with bewilderment. The entire room was covered in dark, dirt from corner to corner. He tossed a metallic cross on the floor as a test. The dirt instantly caught fire and then went out after a moment. Only the native soil of vampires caused that type of reaction. He stepped back and closed the door behind him. He opened the door to the last room and discovered the same except this room had soft white curtains hanging from top to bottom. And lying on the floor were females by the dozens. The room seemed to be one huge coffin. Among them was Vanessa. To discover her there was very disappointing. He really liked her. Annoying was the fact that he couldn’t fire any weapon. He couldn’t tell right away, which ones were vampires or which ones were unwilling victims on the verge of death who were too weak to escape. He didn’t want to kill an innocent person. Vanessa was dressed in a lightly shaded sleeping gown; yet, the dirt didn’t stain her or the others in anyway. She was lying on her side with one hand over her shoulder. Her head was resting above the floor as though there was an invisible pillow under her.  She was a complete contrast to what she really was inside. Although a creature of death, she was unbelievably beautiful in her sleep. This was the basic essence and entrapment of the vampire-pure beauty-an attribute that can save or condemn. The look on his face conveyed his amazement that creatures so dead still had such outer loveliness. He carefully approached her. He had to be sure she really was a vampire. He reached into his coat and pulled out a small, serrated cross. If she was the living dead, her skin would be sired by the metal. He carefully knelt down but kept an eye on the others. He slowly laid the cross on her temple. The instant the metal touched her skin she quickly faded away. He instinctively jumped backward. He almost couldn’t believe his eyes when the cross dropped into the dirt and caught fire. Where had she gone? He quietly walked back out of the room closing the door behind him as the others slept. He continued down the long corridor leading to the dance floor. He seemed unaware that Vanessa was silently hovering behind him like a ghost with her fangs growing ever longer in her mouth. Her cold blood rushed with the erotic sensation she always felt just before she sank her teeth into living flesh. To his astonishment, Lynette and her clan were waiting for him. As he reached the end of the dance floor, Vanessa opened her mouth wide. He quickly pulled out two metallic spears containing the new virus and shoved them into her torso without ever turning around. She screamed as blood splattered onto the back of his coat. Before she could regain herself to retaliate, He quickly yanked out his sword, turned around and swung. Her head flew off and hit the floor along with her lifelessly body-blood spewing everywhere. At that moment, he endured the horrid screams of the entire family. Those who were linked the closet to her clutched their chests. Her death happened so fast she never had a chance. Cindy dropped to her knees in agony. She and Vanessa were like twins. Now, her sister was gone forever. Thomas went on the attack. He jammed his sword into the floor. He threw a number of jagged disc and other weapons that cut through the crowd that gathered to destroy him. 
	Lynette stood by while her soldiers carefully attacked. They underestimated him because he was a human. She knew better. Thomas quickly raced across the floor to put some space between them. After laying waste to a number of vampires he set his sights on Lynette. After fighting his way through to get closer to her, he ran and jumped across one of the table’s to avoid capture. He pulled out a razor chain and skillfully flung the weapon at her. She ducked. The chain shattered some glasses and bottles of wine on top of the bar. He swung at her again with deadly velocity. She leaped backwards in the air and landed on the top of the bar and arrogantly crossed her leg-taunting him with her speed. One male vampire lunged at him in the form of a large wolf. He threw his arm up to guard his face. The animal sank its teeth into his fore arm. He wore a protective metal sleeve as most Hunters did to guard against bites by vampires and the creatures they transformed into. The animal’s teeth got stuck in his plate. The bite was strong enough to puncture the metal and his skin-enough to make him bleed. That alone was deadly. If one was bitten naturally by a vampire then being spiritually dominated was sure to follow, whether their victims lived or died immediately. Thomas stood over him as she struggled with the animal. He finally pulled out a metal spike and shafted him underneath the neck. The wolf fell back on the floor and died-reverting back to human form before crumbling to dust and bones. The confrontation became bloodier by the moment. A second wounded vampire crawled and struggled to attack him with his last breath. Thomas swung lassoed him around the neck and severed his head off. Another one popped up behind him without warning. But Thomas was trained to have a sixth sense. What seemed to only take two blinks of an eye, he dropped his chain and re-drew his sword. He turned and split the creature in half from head to toe. The sight was gruesome. Blood was soaking the floor and his clothes. Lisa suddenly appeared. He hadn’t seen her up until that point. She had found the perfect man and now that was all ruined. He killed Vanessa and she did not look happy. He was disgusted with himself to no end. To realized he was involved with a woman of the dead made him sick to his stomach. He brushed her aside in his mind as though she never meant anything to him at all. She backed away and decided to let the others dish out justice while she attended to Cindy, who even in her anger was weeping uncontrollably over Vanessa. To his credit, he wasted twenty of her clan members without firing a single gunshot. He withstood their tricks, shape shifting and other mystical powers. And he stood his ground without showing an ounce of fear. He appeared to fight with a death wish of some kind.
	Lynette sat and watched the bodies in front of her fall one by one and on some occasions, three at a time. Thomas finally fought his way close to her again. He used every weapon he had except his guns, which would have brought the police and interrupted his march of death. He was not going to allow the authorities to show up and simply let a complaint of breaking and entering get them off the hook. This battle was too personal. He grabbed a hand full of spiked cluster balls loaded with the virus and flung a hand full around the room. Lynette quickly picked up a table like a tennis racket and shielded herself. The spikes struck the top and missed her but sliced a bunch of her family members standing behind her. He hopped over another table and brought his sword down on Lynette-his teeth gritted in shear anger. To his frustration, she avoided him but his swing was so strong that the blade sliced the bar in two from top to bottom. As she had walked above the water on her first murderous rampage at the beach, she demonstrated this unique ability once again. He searched to see where she was hiding. He glanced up with a look of wonder.  She was standing in front of him two feet above the ground. His brief moment of hesitation cost him. He was struck in the back with a table by a family member who cowardly backed away. He went down from the force of the blow. His sword fell next to him, which he recovered. He quickly got back on his feet. He swung repeatedly in attempts to literally cut Lynette’s ankles but to no avail. She finally reached down and caught his sword in mid stride and broke the blade in half. She lowered herself down and struck him. He hit the ground with a thunderous crash. Before he could get up, she hoisted him up by the neck for all to see. She held his right hand so he couldn’t grab a weapon.  She began to choke the life out of him. He felt himself losing consciousness. He had one last chance to save his life. While she gloated at his impending death, he put his left hand in the outside pocket of his coat and pulled out a hand full of round, silver spheres. He dropped them to the floor. They exploded into a stream of ultra daylight that burned and blinded every vampire there. They ran screaming for cover. Lynette immediately dropped him on the floor. The rays lasted long enough for him to regain his composure. When the light subsided, they re-entered from all over the club to finish him off but he was nowhere to be found. 
	When the others failed to hear from Thomas, they issued a search of the area, starting with Lynette’s establishment. Shawn was second in command and had a bad feeling about his best friend’s much over due absence. Keith decided to check their headquarters since Thomas and the others usually met there at the end of their shifts. His hunch was right. He entered their building and checked the many rooms in their hall chambers. He discovered Thomas in one of their meeting rooms. He was half conscious and his left arm was trembling. He was bloodied about the head and face. Keith immediately attended to him and notified the others. Thomas was smart enough to go to the one place no vampire would have the courage to go near, their headquarters. He couldn’t go home because Lisa knew where he lived. When the other men arrived they were shaken to see him so battle stricken. He had a fever and he couldn’t use his voice. Lynette’s physical power was incredible. That alone was significant because Thomas had the strength of many men times over. They later discovered that his vocal cords were damaged.  She came within one squeeze of crushing his larynx. To make matters worse, he was bitten on the arm by one of her vampires and needed treatment immediately. Brandon administered the antivirus in order to save him from certain death. Thomas felt getting to a safe place was more important, then contact his friends later. Besides, he couldn’t use his talk anyway. After trying to write down and explain quickly what happened, He simply gave out from exhaustion. Shawn made sure he wasn’t allowed to leave the building until his fever was down. Although the vaccine was a cure, the bite he received was extremely infectious. Depending on when their poisoned fangs entered the blood stream, the vaccine still took twelve to twenty four hours to destroy. Thomas had to be monitored because the infection caused him to hallucinate at times. There was no way they were going to permit him to be in a public place such as a hospital. With his strength, he would have been too dangerous to be in an uncontrolled setting. Only after his fever subsided did they admit him to private hospital under heavy guard. The condition of his throat was worse than they suspected. He needed surgery to repair some intricate damage. Even after he recovered, he couldn’t use his voice until he received his doctor’s approval, which was a considerable time. Communicating drove him nuts. On the other hand, any and all vampires became lightning rods for Shawn’s anger. He didn’t take kindly to someone attempting to murder his best friend.
	When the new, young vampires arrived on the scene the murder rate tripled in just a few months. The number of missing person’s quadrupled during the same period. Some policemen even quit the force after Reece’s night of carnage, which played out on TV and every other media outlets all over the world. Twenty eight million people couldn’t just pick up and move somewhere else. Besides, where would they have gone? Most neighboring countries in European closed their borders to the people of St. Viktersburg. They were afraid that vampires would sneak into their cities and wreck havoc on their communities. The weather reflected the nasty war between the Hunters and the vampires as the weeks passed. Record snow blizzards hit the entire region. Residents were grateful for what was now, a couple of hours of daylight in the mornings because that was the only time they felt safe. The battles escalated as the body count of vampires and a few Hunters piled up. Shawn remembered that Thomas had told him that Lisa liked to stray out on her own at times. Although mighty, Shawn had a plan to make all the vampires in Lynette’s clan come out at once. He could handle the older vampires but being outnumbered by a group as strong as Lynette’s was a losing cause. The Hunters needed time to increase their numbers to thousands. And yet, they knew they couldn’t head into another dark season with Lynette’s clan at the top of the food chain. She had to be destroyed or the next season would be disastrous. There would have been no stopping her. The city would be theirs by virtue of their multiplying numbers.
Despite rushing himself back from injury just over a month later, Thomas still wanted in on the action. And this is coming from a guy who could barely whisper. He was talked out of participating in a plan that Shawn hatched in order to trap and kill Lisa. She loved searching for victims at colleges. That was her weakness in a sense. Keith theorized she had that flaw because she was a student when she became a vampire. She loved memorizing young female students. She brought them back to the mansion and then devoured them in private or in view of the family. Cullen University was the city’s largest, closest and most fun college to attend. She simply quit school but assimilated herself easily into a new university crowd, as she had done time and time again. For days, they searched until they tracked her down. They just followed the blood trail and weird events that signified her presence. One evening, she was spotted with a young girl who she actually befriended the year before. The girl behaved as though she was in tune with who Lisa was. It’s unclear whether she was bitten by Lisa or not. She had a habit of killing her prey slowly as she guided them into death and eventually their undead status. The two women frolicked around the entire evening. They finally ended up at Dusk Till Dawn near closing hours. No one, least of all Lynette, thought they would ever see Shawn or any of the men they had fallen for again, at least not in her club. She was wrong. Shawn didn’t care what she thought. He alone entered the club but made sure he had his men surround the building as backup. The place was alive with music and the atmosphere was electric. One would never suspect that the blood of so many had flowed across the dance floor months earlier. He blended in with the crowd.  The place was packed with people sitting, eating, drinking and dancing everywhere. By now, many human party goers stayed away because of the frightening reality that spooky events took place for people who entered. People sometimes vanished when they attended Dusk Till Dawn. Many who hung out there were vampire posers. Of course there were also a large number of people who knew and accepted the fact that vampires inhabited their city and therefore, thought being one was cool. They had no idea what they were in for. Lisa and Lynette were the closest of friends. He knew that if one were to fall victim to his attack the other would come after him. He kept an eye on Lisa, who danced with her friend- unaware of his presence. He waiting patiently for the right moment, he backed up against the wall and pulled down on the fire alarm system. The siren cut through the noise of the music as regular patrons began to panic. Thick crowds started to exit the club as quickly as possible. Shawn noticed that certain people just stood still as others fled. The vampires began to gather toward the middle of the dance floor as they clamored through the crowds coming in the opposite direction. They detected danger but didn’t know from where. Lisa never saw him coming. Hidden by the throngs of people racing against him, Shawn plowed through them like a machine through a wheat field until he reached her. She had her back to him. Before she could turn around, he shoved a short, metallic spear into her back. Blood spurted from her mouth along with a sorrowful scream as her fellow vampires looked on in horror. Virus or not, she was doomed because the weapon punctured her heart-certain death for any vampire. She turned and saw who her executioner was. She swatted him like a fly. Shawn landed violently across the floor. Lisa pulled the spear out of her chest and flung it to the floor. He threw down some smoke caps that filled the area enough for him to make his escape. When the smoke cleared, Lynette, who had just arrived, was kneeling on the floor with Lisa’s head in her lap-her face covered in tears. Death started to overtake Lisa as she weakened. Lynette begged her not to die but her fate was inescapable. Her eyes widened one last time; she squeezed Lynette’s hand as tight as she could. Then, she took one last breath and died in the arms of her best friend. The weapons carrying the virus could have played a role in why some vampires turned to bones and ashes, while others simply died and decayed at a much slower rate over time.
Lynette hadn’t attended many funerals. However, even vampires honored their own. She refused to allow Lisa to be stuck in some hole without the vampire community knowing who and what family she represented. She was of the Borlandavic family. She made sure all rivals understood this and held a spectacular ceremony for her, which off course, was loaded with security. Lisa was laid to rest during the dark, late hours of the morning. Lynette expressed her love for her as did all of her friends. Her glass covered coffin was momentarily opened. Lynette kissed her on the forehead and her cheek. After her family demonstrated their affectionate farewells, her coffin was sealed. They placed her inside a mausoleum in a cemetery one hour away from the city. When all was said and done, the enormity of her death struck Lynette like a freight train. She plopped down on the grass and wept. This was the woman who had been a vampire with her from the very beginning. Lisa approached her when they were children and comforted her in her darkest times. Lisa promised that she would always be her friend, and she kept her word. As Lynette sat, the grass around her turned brown, and then withered and died. The lawn also sizzled when her tear drops made contact. The dead grass spread out in a circular motion like a small spot that just grew bigger. As Cindy tried to comfort her. Lynette, like all her sisters, had on a long gothic dress that dragged the ground. When she walked, the grass that her dress dragged over died as her trail of damnation was seen in every footstep she took. Even the flowers she brushed up against immediately withered away and crumbled. 
St.Viktersburg was a city of great contrast. The skyline was filled with thousands of sky scrapers and other tall structures. At night they shined like glass, which gave the place the look of a jewel from the universe. The city was loaded with modern technology as any other metropolis; yet, had in some ways had gone backward as underground groups dove into the realms of magic and other arts that split them and mainstream society apart. This gave the city the successful feel of a bustling, capitalistic and working class society by day but an enchanted feel by night. The introduction of vampires made dealing with witches, warlocks and other creatures a low priority. Vampires took the heat off of their sector. The police was over whelmed and the public consistently called for the heads of the top officials in the city government. Lynette grieved unbelievably for Lisa. She had numbers on her side yet; she lost two of her most powerful sisters. Jessica, her inner family rival, held Lynette responsible. She just made sure Lynette never heard her voice that opinion out loud.  No one knew what the next move of either group was going to be. For the next couple of weeks, each faction was especially careful. Hunters knew that the Lynette was going to attempt to even the score. As far as Thomas was concerned, no score could even up the fact that their kind killed men, women and children without any compunction. For him and the Hunters, there was never any forgiveness for murderers-plain and simple. Shawn suggested that they take their war with the Borlandavic clan all the way to their front door and end their reign once and for all. People were still going missing. This fact hit home when Preston and Samuelson, two of their newest associates, failed to show up for a scheduled meeting. The organization turned each borough upside down searching for them. Preston lived further away than any member. His house was located in the borough of Sunderland. When they went to check on his whereabouts, his front door was unlocked. They searched the premises and sadly, discovered his lifeless body on the back staircase. There was a note attached to his chest. Keith knelt down and ripped the paper away read the message;
“Even Hunters have to die. If you want the other one, come and get him. The shore is a great place to be this time of year.” 
They knew that Samuelson was already dead. She wanted to draw them to her place for a show down. Her modern, gothic style estate came with enough land to have a private war without endangering the immediate residents in the area. The men had been there before. There were high sandy hills they had to walk over just to reach the ocean. She owned thousands of wooded acres, including a section of private beach. Her home was modified to be crime proof as they slept for the long six month period. Death traps and other security devices from old to new were put into effect to deter intruders. Those who saw her home knew that an eerie force existed. She patiently waited. She swore that once her enemies entered her place that they would never leave alive. 
Although the mayor was watching every move Commissioner Schroeder made, he did what he could to make sure his officers didn’t stumble into their final conflict. They decided to approach Lynette’s property near day break. That didn’t mean their battle would be easier. As long as they were inside her home they were in just as much danger as any other time of day. The daylight only lasted for an hour or more. The season was nearing the closing point. The days of twenty-two to twenty-four hours of darkness was gradually coming to end. Regardless, winter still held a firm grip on the country. Snow flurries continued nonstop. The weather made people feel that they were under a curse of some sort. Thomas was not a mushy guy but despite his inability to use his voice, he told all of his brothers that he was ready to go down with them as long as they buried Lynette and her family. In his mind, heart and soul, this was his great reckoning. If he survived, fine. If he didn’t, then he believed that was meant to be. He had no regrets about becoming a Hunter. That wasn’t what he wanted in life. Vampires made him what he was. He had already visited Dana a couple of days prior to what could’ve been his last day on earth. He had an urge to see someone who made him think of his brother so he paid a visit to Michelle. She and Dana had kept in close touch. She had a rough time getting over David’s death. A few months had passed since the last time they spoke. The rest of the men waited outside as he went upstairs to her apartment. As always, she was very glad to see him. She was happy to have someone who was a part of the man she had fallen in love with. They talked for a while but Thomas mostly whispered to avoid re-injuring his throat. She knew about the vampires. He cared for her safety and took on the responsibility of looking out for her because he knew that’s what David would have wanted. He didn’t reveal his involvement in his secret society, although he assured her that she would always be looked after. He assured her of one other fact too.  He told her that David loved her more than he had ever let on. She was the woman of his dreams and had never seen him so happy to be with someone as much as he was when he was with her. She embraced him.
 “David was lucky to have you as a brother,” she professed. 
“No, I was the lucky one” he admitted.
 After a while, he headed out the door and down the stairs to keep his date with destiny. 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Without alarming her, Thomas desperately wanted Dana to know that he realized without the gift of people to love and to have that love returned, life was empty. She sensed he was troubled when they last spoke. She never really believed the explanation he gave her about his throat injury, which she helped care for. He didn’t wear his inner feelings on his sleeve for others to see. So she knew there was a reason for him to talk in such a manner. How does one tell his mother that he’s going to execute the type of demons that slaughtered his family and might die in the process? Easy, he wasn’t going to.  He instructed Brandon, Keith and a large number of Hunters to remain at headquarters as emergency backup. This was also done for practical reasons. Thomas had confidence that if he were to die the organization would probably look out for his mother. But, he didn’t know them-not like he knew his closest friends. He didn’t trust anyone to make sure that his family was protected and cared for the way he would want. For this reason, he made Brandon and Keith stay behind. He knew that no matter what, they would care for Dana like a queen in his absence because he knew them. He could trust them-mainly because they loved her as much as he did. And they took an oath to do just that as long as she lived. This matter was discussed and agreed on between the four of them, as if a discussion was even necessary. With this matter settled, Thomas took great comfort in his mind and heart. He was content. He found a small ounce of peace. He was ready to die. And they would explain the situation to Dana if he did. As he sat in the back seat of the car, he closed his eyes and smiled. At least he would see his brother and sister again if he perished. To him, this was a comforting thought. 
Over two hundred men rolled up carefully to Lynette’s estate. Even though the mansion was redone and modernized, the place still looked sinister. They passed through the iron gates and continued on the long driveway leading to the front of the house. The silence was evident with only the sound of wolves howling in the back ground and other unseen creatures of the night. The temperature was a steady thirty degrees. Mysteriously, the moment they stepped onto her property the temperature dropped twenty. They could see the frost from their breaths as the ghoulish looking clouds above allowed as little daylight as possible. They surrounded the grounds in groups of five or six. Thomas kept Shawn and five others with him, among them, James and Hollis McKenna who were twins. The front doors were closed but unlocked. There was no sign of Samuelson. Thomas and his crew walked through the front entrance. Soon after, the doors slowly closed behind them and the locks snapped shut with a loud echo that sent a chill up their spine. The mansion was dimly lit and full of artifacts. Lynette’s windows were sealed to keep out the light. They proceeded slowly. They proceeded to search the entire mansion. Shawn swore that if they didn’t find Samuelson or anyone else, they were going to burn the place to the ground regardless. As they walked with their guns ready to fire, they didn’t particularly pay attention to their shadows that were being thrown against the wall on their right. James was closest to the wall. They halted when they heard waling coming from somewhere in the mansion. Unnoticed by anyone, James’ shadow took on another form. The shape became a female with a sharp dagger in her hand. Her arm rose up to strike. Hollis saw what was about to happen and yelled for his brother to move but he wasn’t fast enough. The shadow stuck James’ shadow in the back. James screamed. Thomas quickly threw a few capsules of ultra rays, which caused the shadow to hiss like a lizard and fade away. James slumped down to the floor. Hollis hurried over to remove the knife in James’ back. But there was no knife to remove. And yet, when he removed his brother’s coat, there was a deep stab wound to his back. The blade missed his heart by two inches. This type of black magic was natural for the most powerful vampires. Shawn ordered Hollis and another man to hurry James outside. He was bleeding profusely. Without immediate medical attention he was in danger of bleeding to death. One of the men started for the door. Shawn yelled for him to stop, which he did just in time. A second later, a sharp spiked gate slammed down on the floor with a thunderous vibration. Thomas stepped forward. He took out his customized, sawed off shotgun as they stood behind him. He took aim and fired a shell. The cap struck the gate and splintered through to the door creating a gust of smoke. There was a slight hole in the door the size of a dinner plate. The men suspected that what they saw was an illusion. He fired again. The shell impacted with an explosion that destroyed the gate and the iron front doors. A back draft of fire and smoke blew past them. Hollis and two other men escorted James outside and left a trail of blood as they rushed him to safety. 
One room in the house was completely black and Samuelson’s was heard screaming for help inside that one. However, that too was a trick. He was dead. As they moved in they found chamber rooms with people who had been taken and fed on until they were lifeless. They discovered another chamber containing those who were barely alive but too weak to escape due to massive blood loss. The Hunters freed them. Jeff, Brandon’s right hand man in the bio-science field, administered injections of the cure to some-hoping their condition wasn’t irreversible. As time moved on, both factions clashed as all out war ignited. Every ploy from illusion to shape shifting was used by the Borlandavic clan in an effort to snuff out the men who had them bottled up. Despite the vampire’s advantage, the men closed in on the center spot of Lynette and her inner circle. The Hunters lost a few while the vampires were being annihilated. Thomas came face to face with Jacqueline after he and Shawn split up. He fired enough shells at her to fill a large bucket. Somehow, they missed her. She moved so fast that he became extremely frustrated. Jacqueline was dangerous. She had already disposed of Blake Ireland. She was a master at confusing the mind.  Everywhere Thomas looked, Jacqueline appeared in corners of the room like a flash from a camera that came and went. Suddenly, the entire chamber began to fill with more vampires-all replicas of her. They closed in on him from all sides. He couldn’t shoot all of them at once. She was great at teasing her prey before killing them. To her own detriment, she underestimated him. His power of discernment had grown enough for him to distinguish what was real and what was simply mind manipulation. He knew that not all of the images multiplying around him were illusions. Many were real persons who just had her face. He sensed she was about to attack after distracting him. He reached into his coat and pulled out a foreign, silver looking pistol. The barrel was long with holes all around it. The end of the barrel was smooth and somewhat pointed. He quickly pulled out his power, propelled grappling hook and fired high up into the ceiling. When they converged on him he pressed a button on the handle and the cable attachment catapulted him straight into the air above. They rushed him like a pack of wild animals. On his way up he fired the pistol like weapon at the floor. A number of shells exited the holes punctuated by a loud powerful blast. They struck the floor and exploded into separate clusters of smaller bombs that spiraled three hundred and sixty degrees. The effect resembled a pipe bomb laden with long nails. The entire area was blanketed. Every vampire within distance was struck. The sharp, shells struck some in the chest, the head, anywhere there was vampire flesh. Many went down immediately as others lingered on-doing their best to survive the virus laden metal. When the dust cleared, the bodies and in some cases, bones of vampires were all over the place. Jacqueline fled on foot but she was also wounded by a piece of the poison metal. She exited the rear of the mansion and headed straight into the woods, which eventually led to the sandy hills and the ocean water. She tried to remain in the forested area because the trees provided ample darkness in addition to the extremely dim skies that were inexplicably concentrated over Lynette’s entire property. It was like she had her very own weather pattern for her protection and to use as she saw fit. That’s an incredible amount of supremacy. No matter, he was not going to be deterred. They became the authors of his misery and he was going to end this unpleasant chapter. The air was filled with the screams of suffering, horror and death. Just when he thought he’d seen just about every wondrous act they possessed, the sky started to unleash a flurry of snow which was certainly summoned by Jacqueline herself in order to evade her fate.  At first, he wasn’t sure about her condition. Then, he realized he was right-she was injured-and fading steadily. She had on a black, Victorian style dress with black opera gloves. This made her easier for Thomas to spot through the thick white snowflakes that fell. The more she ran, the worse she felt. By her own strength, she turned the white snow into black flakes in order to provide herself with a degree of camouflage. But that lasted only a short while as she grew weaker from the virus in her system. Her only hope was to reach the water. If she could just reach the ocean, she could vanish underneath the surface. She’d be some place not even he could go. Finally, she reached the clearing. She hitched up her dress as much as she could in order to maintain a clean stride. The skies, although extremely dim, was still present and began to drain her strength. Her pace slowed as her run became a fast walk. When he got close enough he fired and struck her in the back just before she vanished out of sight over the sand dunes. She walked a few more yards then dropped to her knees. She tore her dress open at the neck and gritted her teeth. Seconds later, her chest began to secrete the deadly virus from her body, which came out in streams that dropped to the sand, which turned black around her. Streams of blood and poison fell from her body. The mixture of the two fluids transformed into little black snakes, which slithered away behind her. A moment later, they grew to full length and surrounded and guarded her from him. One bite from her scaly protectors and he was a dead man. Fortunately, despite all her efforts, she couldn’t extract the affects of the virus. The poisonous snakes sank slowly under the deep, golden sand. She heard him shift his barrel pump from behind. She turned around and saw him standing away at a distance with his shotgun pointed at her. She gasped slightly for air. He was stoned faced and embraced his moment of revenge on one of Lynette’s deadliest sister’s. She stood up and faced him.
 	“My father trained you well.” 
At first he had no idea what she meant. Gradually, the connection came rushing into his mind. Her voice was unmistakably recognized as the same voice of the woman that spoke to them the night David and Danielle were cut down. She had almost completely erased her presence from his mind, which caused her real identity to be distorted. Her unique way of speaking triggered the total recall of that horrible night. His recollections flashed by like the replay of a movie reel. The killer of his family was in front of him. The moment of this new information was brief but seemed to last much longer as his mind processed these new revelations. He looked at her with another stunning realization that had never dawned on him before. Jacque’s daughter was called Jacky. The name Jacky is short for Jacqueline. All those years he searched for the answer of what became of her after her body was stolen. And she was right under his nose all along. That’s why her body was never found. Now he understood why the picture of Jacque’s little girl seemed so hauntingly familiar to him. She had grown up since becoming a vampire but her childhood features remained. The cunning creature inhabiting her body defiantly asked him a question. 
“How can you kill the only daughter of Jacque Kursk?” 
After a brief moment of uneasy pain for his fallen leader, he remained unmoved.
“His daughter died years ago.” 
He quickly took aim and blasted two separate holes into her from which she never recovered. She fell backward on the sand. The viral shells destroyed and dissolved her flesh from the inside out. Her body eventually returned to dust and blew away toward the ocean aided by the winds of the shore line. 
He lowered his gun and for a brief time, looked out over the waters. Danielle’s death had been avenged and her murderer paid in full. For the first time in over a year he breathed a sigh of true relief. The sound of gun shots, screams and other terrible acts of the battle heard in the far distance back at the mansion still carried through the air. For a short while he just stared out over the ocean and blocked out all the sounds of the world until he heard only silence. Somewhere, somehow, he thought his brother and sister were finally at rest and proud of what he had undertaken. More important, he felt that they had forgiven him for being left behind. He gathered himself quickly. He remembered that Lynette was next on the list and he had no idea what had taken place between her and his fellow brothers. He headed back to the battle. He saw other members emerging from her enormous estate. He enquired as to where Shawn was. Jeff told him Shawn’s last radio contact was on the second floor. After searching and finishing off what was left of her mighty clan, they heard sounds of a violent confrontation in Lynette’s lower underground, auditorium chamber, which housed her throne and the seats of her council. They hurried downstairs and kicked in the door. They found him standing over a wounded Lynette who was on her knees. Shawn used two of his short swords and other weapons to fight after his ammunition ran out. They were just in time to see him finish her off. He sliced her across the torso. She fell back on the cold, damp floor. Finally, he decapitated her. After he slew the most powerful vampire in the world, they soon noticed a dreadful transformation after her death. Her face slowly changed to reveal that she was not Lynette at all but Jessica. She had been a decoy for her Lynette all along. Jessica demonstrated the ability to shape shift her appearance to look like anyone. Her gift proved to be ironic because she always wanted to look like Lynette and even more so, wanted to be her. That ultimately caused her demise. But where was Lynette?  A calm panic ensued as they searched for any signs of her. What is certain is that she killed seven men and wounded one in the early moments of their confrontation. Regardless, Shawn swore he would burn her place to the ground-and they did.
	The seven men who perished were memorialized. Their coats and weapons were placed in The Hall of the Immortals-a special section in their headquarters. Each deceased member was traditionally immortalized with their pictures placed in a large, glass casing with their life’s history written on a screen. The days slowly became longer as the daylight hours gradually out lasted the night. There was six months of glorious sunlight to look forward to. Hunters had more to worry about than the average person. They had to make certain that they grew from hundreds into thousands. They couldn’t afford to always rely on associates from other regions to aide them whenever there was an infestation of vampires or any other supernatural threat. Increasing their numbers became their top priority. In six months, fall would be upon them once again. They hope and prayed that they would never experience a dark season like the one they encountered that first year. 
THE END
