


Crimson Fall
By K.G. Cooper

Text copyright © 2014 K.G. Cooper
All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

Cover Design: SelfPubBookCovers.com/houchi

###
For J., who likes toast and jam
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Epilogue
Prologue
October 29, 1987
Lucy’s forehead slammed into the mirror, shattering the glass. Slivers scattered, tinkling as they fell to the tile. She grabbed a shard and stabbed back toward her attacker, the sharp edge cutting her own hand, but she encountered only air. She pushed herself to her knees, hoping to make a break for the door, but her hair was grasped and her head pulled back. Lucy stared blindly up at the ceiling. She held up her hand, dripping with blood. 
“No,” she whispered weakly. The music from the club surrounded her, the bass slowly thumping, contrasting against the rapid beat of her heart. 
She felt a sharp, slashing pain at her throat. Suddenly, she was having trouble breathing, her heartbeat roaring in her ears, rapidly slowing until the bass overpowered it and drowned it out. Her last thought before she died was one of vengeance. 
Chapter 1
Friday, September 26, 2014 
Back in the ‘80s and early ‘90s there was a strip club on the edge of town called the Cocks & Tails, its name a play on the word “cocktails” as well as alluding to the fact that it had male strippers (cocks) on one side of the building and female strippers (tails) on the other. This strip club was home to rampant drug use and various other illicit backroom activities. It was also home to the Legend of Loose Lucy. The story went that back in the ‘80s, there was a woman named Lucy who was sort of a groupie to the male strippers, hence the nickname Loose Lucy. After a while she became quite infatuated with one particular stripper who went by the name of Dong Johnson. He did an act called Miami Twice. I’ll leave that to your imagination. Anyway, she fancied herself in love with the well-endowed gent, and when she found her affections unrequited, she went into the girls restroom one night and slit her throat. 
The Friday night on which my story begins, I was at the now-defunct Cocks & Tails to write a news article about the urban legend that had sprung out of Loose Lucy’s suicide. Allegedly, if you go into the women’s restroom of the C&T, look in the mirror and say the tongue twister “Loose Lucy” three times in a row, she will appear and grant you three wishes. No, just kidding. She will appear behind you and strike fear into your very heart so that you soil yourself and run away screaming. Just to be clear, that is NOT what happened to me. I cleared a circle out of the grime, looked into the mirror, and said the magic words, attempting to summon the sad suicide, but nothing happened, so I took a few pictures and decided to call it a night. I was stepping out of the restroom when I was bowled over by the vampire, the impact knocking me off my feet and causing my camera to fly out of my hands. I fell hard to the ground, whacking my head pretty good on the stained carpet, and was seeing constellations for a solid 30 seconds. 
After my head cleared, I grabbed for my flashlight and shone it around. The beam of light quickly picked him out through the haze of stirred-up dust. He was slowly rising to his feet while staring at me. He didn’t look menacing in any way. In fact, he looked a little scared of me. He was very pale with dark eyes. His long, red hair hung limply in greasy strips, framing his face. He looked to be around my age, maybe a little younger. Neither ugly, nor extraordinarily good looking. Just average. He was wearing ripped jeans and a dirty t-shirt. Now, I realize you can’t judge a book by its cover, and he might have easily been a stone cold killer, but he just didn’t emanate “Serious Threat.” Of course, I had no idea he was a vampire then. While keeping my light trained on him, I also slowly rose to my feet. We stared uncertainly at one another in silence. Then he took off running across the rough, torn carpeting. Not swift and silent like you think a vampire would run, but like a human would run. I could hear the thump of his shoes against the floor, and I think I even heard him stumble and curse before he exited the building. I waited a moment and then made my way outside. I emerged into a chilly, starlit night. The parking lot was deserted except for my trusty beat-up Subaru wagon. I stood still for a few seconds but didn’t hear anything other than the usual nighttime sounds. I had the sensation I was being watched, though, so I didn’t dawdle long. I drove home, took a long, hot shower, and fell into bed. I didn’t give much thought to the ginger-haired guy; instead, I fell asleep pondering what kind of a man would choose the stripper name Dong Johnson. 
October 29, 1987
Oh god. What have I done? I never should have come here. What am I going to do now? No one seems to have heard. The music is too loud. I can still get away. But they’ll come looking for me. I’ll make it look like a suicide. If anyone suspects me, I’ll bribe them. Or I’ll point them toward him instead. This is all HIS fault! 
Chapter 2
Saturday, September 27, 2014 
My name is Carys Reilly. I currently reside in the town of Horca, California. I actually grew up here, was raised by my Aunt Jenny here in Horca, went away for a while, and then came back here to live with my aunt again after I got laid off from my job with the San Francisco Tourist Board. I live rent-free in my old, childhood bedroom. It’s not ideal, and it’s not what I planned, but it works for now. Despite being 24 years old, I still have no idea what I want to do with my life. I have a part-time job answering phones at the local newspaper, the Horca Herald, and I was hoping to get my urban legends article published in time for Halloween. I’m not a writer, but I figured they wouldn’t turn me down. They’re not exactly bursting at the seams with attention-grabbing headlines. Their last big story was, “Local chicken celebrates 16th birthday.” The locals were buzzing with speculation at that one. Was Herb the Chicken really 16, or was the farmer lying? Could he prove the age of Herb? Yes, Horca is a small town.
I took my time waking up the morning after the strip club incident. I finally made myself get out of bed, and went into the kitchen to make a cup of coffee. My aunt was sitting at the table reading the newspaper while her cat, Morgan, purred at her feet.
“Any big news?” I asked.
“Herb died.”
“Wow. You could have prepared me first instead of just blurting that out.”
“My apologies. We have all lost a friend in Herb.”
I took my coffee over to the table and sat down. The rich smell of the Arabica beans helped to perk me up. I ran my fingers over the old scarred table laminate, thinking about the day ahead.
“How was your night?” my aunt asked.
“It was alright. I went to the Cocks & Tails for my urban legends story, but the only thing I came away with was a sore head.”
My aunt raised her eyebrows at me.
“Loose Lucy,” I said.
Her eyebrows rose even further.
“I got rammed by a ginger.”
My aunt’s eyebrows disappeared into her hair.
I was going to tell my aunt what happened, but then I reconsidered. It would just worry her, and then I couldn’t do anything without her nagging me about my safety. So I told her an untruth.
“It’s nothing. I went to the C&T, looking to write an article on the old legend of Loose Lucy, but I couldn’t get an angle on the story. Then I hit my head on an overhang as I was leaving.” I didn’t even address the ginger remark. She nodded and told me to be more careful. Thanks, Aunt Jenny. 
I scarfed down a hunk of bread with butter and then went to ready myself for the day ahead. It was already 11:00. I was meeting my friend Mark for lunch at noon, but first I wanted to stop by the library. 
A short, squat brick building, the Horca Public Library served as library, archives, museum, and storage facility. It housed copies of the Horca Public School’s yearbooks from years past, plus copies of the regional/central coast newspapers, historical documents as well as old books that the townspeople donated. Bess Tillman had been in charge of the library for 57 years until her death last year. Shortly afterwards, a young woman from out of town (a distant cousin of the mayor) took up residence as librarian. From what I heard, she took one look at the uncatalogued assortment of books and junk and almost fled. But she ultimately decided to stay and has started to bring some semblance of order out of the chaos that is the Horca Public Library. 
I stepped into the library and, for a moment, thought I had entered the wrong building. All of the assorted flotsam and jetsam was gone. Cleared out. No stacks of mismatched books, no racks of hung newspapers, nothing. Instead, there was a large desk near the front door with a new computer on it, some round tables with chairs, multiple empty bookshelves, and a few movie posters adorning the large white walls. The posters advertised a movie called Horca Highway Horror! and featured a big breasted blond woman in a tight, low-cut shirt running frantically while a red Jeep Wagoneer bore down on her from behind. I was intrigued. I stepped forward for a closer look.
A voice spoke behind me, “Our 15 minutes of fame.”
I turned around to see the new librarian, Teresa Hardy, walking across the room. A tall, slim woman who crackled with energy and knowledge, she exuded competence. She stepped up beside me and removed her reading glasses, leaving them to hang from a delicate chain around her neck.
I gestured to the poster, “What is this?”
“Back in the late ‘70s, an independent film company made a small budget movie here about people being terrorized on the highway. You can’t tell from looking at the poster, but there’s a vampire driving that Jeep.”
“Fascinating,” I murmured.
“It’s a cult classic. If you go back and watch old episodes of Alf, Alf frequently references Horror as being his favorite movie.”
I made a mental note to add Horca Highway Horror! to my Netflix queue. 
“How may I help you?” Teresa asked.
“I was looking for anything you might have documenting local urban legends. But it looks like I might be out of luck,” I said, looking around at the empty shelves.
“We’re kind of in transition right now,” Teresa said. “Everything is currently being stored offsite, and I’m bringing it in piecemeal while cataloguing it and putting it in its rightful place. It’s quite the project. So, unfortunately, everything is in a shambles, and I’m afraid I can’t be of much help right now. Sorry.”
My shoulders drooped. “Well, I guess I’ll have to go in another direction then. Thanks.” I turned to leave.
“If I come across anything, I can give you a call, though,” Teresa said.
“That would be great.” I gave her my cell phone number and then left, feeling a bit deflated.
It was only 11:30, so I went to the park to sit and think about what my next step would be before I met up with Mark at noon. 
Horca was a small municipality of only around 6,000 people. Its big draw was that it was within easy driving distance to other, more prominent towns. People who wanted the convenience of a big town but with a small town feel settled in Horca. The main downtown area was centered around a broad grassy park. The government building, various commercial buildings, shopping centers, and cafes ringed the park, with the residential neighborhoods and a few other shop buildings radiating out from there in a grid. 
The small town had a bit of a “small dog” complex, always trying to prove they were as good as, if not better than, the big boys. When the nearby town of Cambria became known for their Scarecrow Festival in the fall, Horca took note. Not to be outdone, and noticing the number of visitors passing through town on their way to the Scarecrow Festival, Horca started their own Herbed Yak Butter Festival in 2010. It was quite the fiesta with butter sculptures, buttered foods, and apparel featuring butter. It was an ambitious venture that went well until the fall of 2012 when temperatures were unseasonably high, creeping into the 80’s. The smell of warm, savory butter permeated the town, and the sculptures all melted into droopy, abnormal creatures, like something from a Dalí nightmare. Due to economic reasons, the Festival was cancelled the following year. As well as this year. I’m not sure the Festival is ever coming back, to be honest. The upside of the festival was a complete overhaul of the town center park. It now sported upgraded benches and little gazebos and ponds with quacking ducks and colorful Koi fish. 
I rolled on up to the well manicured park at the town center and saw Mark and his female Golden Retriever mix, Sedona, walking along the lake. He was talking on his cell phone and didn’t see me, so I ambled on over to a park bench and sat down. 
Mark Csaji and I had known each other since high school. He moved here in the 11th grade from Seattle, and we were paired as lab partners in biology class. Our senior year of high school, we became good friends. I wanted something more, but he was dating a really awesome chick named Emma. She was beautiful, smart, funny, athletic. God, I hated her. No, not really. She was too nice and amazing to hate. I was just very, very envious. She went off to Stanford on a full scholarship, and she and Mark broke up their sophomore years of college. Meanwhile, after a couple years at UC-Santa Cruz, Mark went on to write a bestselling novel. Called Type A for Alcohol, it was about an alcoholic novelist vampire who could see into the future and only fed on drunk drivers who were about to commit vehicular manslaughter. One day the vampire falls in love with one of his potential victims, spares her life, and finally finds sobriety before the spared lover ultimately betrays him. I’m serious. The book and the resultant movie (starring Nicolas Cage) made a ton of money, and Mark was thrust into the limelight for a hot minute. However, he got really tired of all the politics and the schmoozing, and he decided to shun Hollywood and come back to Horca. We renewed our friendship, albeit a paler version of it, when I moved back to town a couple months ago. My crush on him was also quickly renewed, but I was doing my best to play it cool. I agreed to the occasional lunch with him and chatted about music and movies, all while trying not to imagine what it would be like to kiss him. He was everything I wanted in a mate. Good looking with his dark brown hair and hazel eyes. Tall, physically fit, smart, and he had a wicked sense of humor. If I made a movie out of his life, I would cast his part with a young Ewan McGregor. If I sound like I’m drooling as I describe him, that’s because I probably am. When I found out about the alcoholic vampire book, I immediately went out and bought it, read it and then spent an entire day scanning it, looking for any character that might be even remotely based on me, preferably a love interest or a seductive femme fatale. Unfortunately, there were no fashion-challenged female characters who had an insatiable love of chicken pot pies. I was crushed. 
I sat on the bench and idly watched Mark and Sedona while thinking about my urban legends article. A cool, brisk breeze rattled the trees and tossed the leaves about. It felt refreshing under the warm sun, and it energized my thought process. Maybe I could just go around and interview all the old-timers about the local legends. But then what? To be honest, I wasn’t a huge believer in the supernatural. But I liked creepy stories and horror movies. Perhaps I could write an article connecting local legends with popular movies. Or I could write about Horca Highway Horror! Perhaps the more established locals here would remember when the movie was being filmed. I perked up. 
Mark glanced over, saw me, and waved. I waved back and waited as he made his way over. He finished up his conversation on the cell phone and hung up.
“Hey, Carys” he said. “What’s up?” 
“Just couldn’t wait until noon to see you,” I said, only half-jokingly.
Mark grinned and sat down beside me. “It’s my sparkling personality, isn’t it?”
I grinned back at him, tongue-tied. Sedona licked my hand in greeting. She was a sweet dog who rarely barked. I reached in my purse and grabbed a dog treat. She immediately sat down and stared intensely at my hand, her focus lasered in on the treat. She slowly extended her head and gently clasped the treat between her teeth. I released it and then patted her on the head. 
“You’ve started carrying treats around?” Mark asked.
“For Sedona,” I replied.
Mark smiled. “Shall we head on over to Kandy’s?” 
I nodded, and we stood up. Kandy’s Diner was nearby, so we walked over together. Along the way, we chatted about the weather, the latest movies, and, of course, recently deceased Herb the Chicken.
Kandy’s Diner was a popular greasy spoon on the main strip. They served a lot of fried foods, but they also served up a damn fine cup of coffee. They were especially well known for their Frog Pies. “Home of the Famous Frog Pie” and “We use the whole frog” was proudly proclaimed on their signage with a picture of a cartoon frog peeking out of a cartoon pie that was sitting on a giant red cartoon potholder. I’m not sure why they advertised them as frog pies because they were just chicken pot pies. Very, very tasty chicken pot pies.
We got to Kandy’s and were able to grab a table outside. Saturday around noon, and the joint was jumping. I saw many a frog pie being served.
“How’s Aunt Jenny doing?” he asked.
“She’s doing well. She put in another claim for disability coverage, but we’ll see what happens. She spends a lot of time in physical therapy right now. But she’s a trooper, always keeping a positive outlook on life.” My aunt had recently filed for disability after hurting her back while working at the local hardware store. 
“Good for her! How are things at the newspaper?”
“Same old, same old. I was thinking about maybe writing an article.” 
This was my first time mentioning it to him, and I felt a little shy. After all, he was a bestselling author, and I had never written anything except English papers as coursework. 
“What’s the article about?” he asked.
“Well, I haven’t figured that part out yet. And I know I’m not a writer like you, but I just really feel like I need to be doing something, contributing in some way other than answering phones at the Herald. Please don’t judge me,” I finished lamely. I tend to ramble when I’m nervous.
His smile beamed out at me. “Why would I judge you? I think that’s a great idea.” 
“I was actually thinking about doing an article to coincide with Halloween,” I said. “It’s about a horror movie that was filmed here in the ‘70s. Horca Highway Horror!”
Mark almost choked on his Fresca.
“Wait, there was a movie filmed here called Horca Highway Horror?” Mark asked incredulously. 
I gave him a quick summary of the movie.
“And I thought I wrote crappy stuff,” he laughed.
I looked at him in astonishment. “What are you talking about? You don’t write crappy stuff,” I said.
“Oh please. I wrote a book about an alcoholic vampire. Not exactly award-winning stuff.”
“It was a bestseller. They made a movie out of it.”
“That doesn’t mean anything. It was still crap.” 
I looked blankly at Mark. Okay, I wasn’t exactly enthralled by his book, but it was his book, his baby. I figured he had some major love for his creation. 
“It was just a paycheck, Carys. I wrote it to get a paycheck, and now I can’t write anything else because nothing will ever be as good as my crappy first novel.”
“Is that why you moved back to Horca?” I asked. 
“I had to get away from the fame and the pressure to write another bestseller. And I had good memories of Horca.”
I kind of understood. Here in Horca, he could always be Local Boy Makes Good with or without another blockbuster novel. I couldn’t judge him for that. In my eyes, he was still number one. I didn’t care if he ever wrote another novel. To me, he was just Mark, not “Mark the Bestselling Novelist.” 
I smiled at him and nodded. “Well, I’m glad you moved back. Otherwise, who would I have to beat at Trivial Pursuit?”
He raised an eyebrow. He and I hadn’t played each other at Trivial Pursuit since high school. “Is that a challenge,” he asked.
“Just name the time and place.”
“My place. Tonight at 6:00. I’ll provide dinner.”
I tried not to let my excitement show too much. “It’s a date,” I said. I couldn’t resist. 
I heard some giggling and looked over to see two teenage girls sitting in a booth, staring at Mark. One of them had a well-worn copy of Type A for Alcohol in her hand. On the back cover was a photo of Mark. Little hearts had been drawn all around his face.
“I think you have some admirers,” I said, nodding over toward the girls. Mark looked over, then quickly looked away, his face turning bright red. One of the girls got up and approached us.
“Mr. Csaji? I don’t mean to bother you, but I was wondering if I could get an autograph?” She pronounced his last name as Ka-soj-ee.
Mark pasted on a smile. “It’s pronounced ‘shy’. It’s Hungarian. And absolutely you can get an autograph. Always glad to meet a fan.” He took her book with the proffered pen and scrawled his name on the inside cover page. 
“Thank you so much,” the girl gushed. “I’m a huge fan. I’ve lost count of how many times I’ve read Type A for Alcohol. Your book changed my life.” She smiled a broad, gummy grin, her braces gleaming in the light.
“Really? Er, that’s great.” Mark smiled weakly at her. 
The teenager walked back to her friend, where they both dissolved into giggles. Mark turned an even brighter shade of crimson.
“There, you see,” I said, “your book isn’t crap at all. It changes lives.” I was able to maintain a straight face for only a few seconds before I burst out laughing.
Mark frowned at me. “Maybe she’s an alcoholic vampire, and my book prompted her to seek help,” he argued. 
“That is a possibility,” I conceded, “but I highly doubt it.”
After lunch, we parted, and I went back to the park to think about my new idea for an article. I decided I should probably watch Horca Highway Horror! before making any further decisions. I pulled out my phone, pulled up the Netflix app, and was surprised to see that, yes, Horca Highway Horror! was actually available to stream. I added it to my list and then left for home. I had about five hours before I was to see Mark, but I needed every minute of those five hours to plan my outfit and get ready. I know there will be people who criticize me and say I don’t need a man to be complete, and I agree with them. But I’m also a sucker for a good looking funny man who’s intelligent and has good hygiene. Yes, good hygiene. Never discount the merits of good hygiene. Or the offensiveness of bad hygiene. But I digress.
By the time I left for Mark’s house, I was already running late. And feeling uncomfortable. Instead of wearing my usual broken-in jeans, t-shirt, and sweatshirt, I decided to try and dress it up a bit. I was wearing a stiff set of jeans that I don’t usually wear and a bulky turtleneck sweater. With a trendy scarf. It was early October in central California, and it wasn’t exactly freezing. In fact, it was unseasonably warm right now. I was sweating as I walked from my front door to the car. But I thought I looked fashionable, so I was willing to suffer. I was preoccupied with thinking about whether or not to run back in to apply another layer of deodorant, but I still noticed the ginger-haired guy staring at me from the antique yellow VW bug parked down the street. 
It wasn’t dark out yet, but the sun was kissing the horizon. The street light shone down and illuminated his pale face through the windshield. Getting into my beat-up wagon, I did a slight double take and then strained to appear nonchalant. Was this guy stalking me? I didn’t flatter myself that I was stalker material. Still, I kept watch out of my rearview mirror and saw the yellow VW bug follow me as I turned left onto Spruce Street. Should I try and evade, or should I just drive to Mark’s house and then run in like a damsel in distress? I didn’t quite fancy myself a damsel in distress, but I also didn’t fancy myself the kick-ass girl with the judo chop. I decided to drive to Mark’s house. A right onto Sunset Drive, and then a left onto Chicory. I pulled up in front of a neat two-story Craftsman style house, threw the car into Park, and sprinted to the front door. I rang the doorbell frantically and then turned to face the street. The Volkswagen beetle slowly cruised on past. Behind me, Mark opened the door. 
I immediately threw myself past Mark and slammed the door shut. 
“Uh, hi, Carys. Everything okay?” 
“I think someone’s following me.” I looked out the peephole and tried not to think about what a paranoid lunatic I must appear. I turned to him and saw a concerned look on his face. 
“I think there’s something wrong with your eye,” he said.
I reached up to my eye and brought my trembling hand away with a smear of black goop on it. My mascara. Damn. It wasn’t waterproof, and I was sweating buckets. I didn’t normally wear makeup, but I had tried to look seductive for Mark. Unfortunately, I suspected I now looked like a deranged raccoon. Sedona barked at me and then whined.
“Where’s your bathroom?” I gasped.
He pointed down the hall wordlessly. I walked past him to the bathroom, holding my head up high as if I were a regal queen with tons of self respect instead of a gawky girl with mascara running down her face. Once in the bathroom, I discovered that my deepest fears were realized. I forgot about the red-haired stalker as I encountered my own ghastly reflection in the mirror. My mascara was running down my face. I looked like a KISS reject. My hair was plastered down to my head from all the sweating. Instead of looking in fashionable disarray, my scarf looked like it was strangling me. Suddenly, I felt myself transported back to my awkward high school days. Somehow, I found the strength to pull myself together. I pulled my hair back into a ponytail, scrubbed my face at the sink, and washed all the makeup off. I opened the door a crack and called out to Mark, asking if he had a t-shirt I could borrow. He soon appeared with an old UC-Santa Cruz t-shirt. He handed it to me without a question, and I shut the door and then gratefully pulled the turtleneck sweater off over my head. A flood of cool air doused my sweaty body, and I slumped in relief. I felt like a fool, but I donned the Banana Slugs t-shirt and ventured out. Sedona was waiting outside the door. She looked up, and then her tail thumped the floor twice in approval. I scratched her behind the ears. 
Mark was in the kitchen putting a few finishing touches on dinner. He glanced up as I walked in. 
“Much better,” he said.
“Really?” I asked skeptically.
“Oh, yes. You look like yourself again. Very sexy in my tee.”
I blushed. 
“I hope you like Thai food. I made my famous green curry chicken. And my signature cilantro vodka cocktail.”
I felt like I had died and gone to heaven. “Are you serious? Since when do you cook? And bartend?”
“I’ve always been a Renaissance man. Here’s your cocktail. Careful – it’s strong.” He handed me a delightful concoction that set my tastebuds buzzing. Then he dished me up a plate of curry. Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus. 
I tried to devour my food with a ladylike primness, but I must admit that I wolfed it down like a half-starved animal. It was delicious. “Don’t look at me,” I kept saying as I ate. To his credit, Mark kept his eyes averted until the last bite. I helped him clean up, and then we sat down on the couch to watch a movie since he couldn’t find his copy of Trivial Pursuit. I turned on the TV to an ad for Reverend Gary’s “Good Time Exorcism” seminar. 
Reverend Gary’s spray-tanned, orange-toned face stared out at me as he exhorted his followers to go forth and do the Lord’s work. He had a sleazy used car salesman aura about him. He also looked like he had had way too much cosmetic surgery. There was something “off” about him. 
“I think he needs to go easy on the Botox and the tanning spray. God, can you believe this crap?” I asked. 
“That Reverend Gary is getting to be a dangerous man. I hear his seminars are always sold out. Too many idiots in the world,” said Mark. 
“Friends, are you tired of the evil in this world? Do you think it’s getting out of hand? I do. But what can we do? Should we just ignore it? Should we just go on about our daily lives and pretend it isn’t happening, that the evil isn’t slowly taking over this great big beautiful world?” 
“NO!” shouted the studio audience.
“WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?”
“EXORCISE THE EVIL FROM OUR LIVES!”
“Right you are! And there’s no reason we can’t have FUN while doing it. F-U-N. FIGHT. UNITE. NEVER give up!”
I couldn’t take it anymore. I changed the channel and scrolled through the On Demand movies, looking for just the right blend of comedy, romance and action to spice up the evening.
“So – what were you saying about someone following you?” Mark asked.
“Um, nothing,” I mumbled, hoping he would just dismiss it. Mark’s gray tabby cat, Yoda, chose that moment to make his appearance, meowing and rubbing up against my leg. I gave a silent prayer of thanks for the distraction. I picked the big cat up and cradled him in my arms. He closed his eyes and purred heavily. Sedona, jealous of the attention I was giving Yoda, came over and started bumping me with her nose. I shifted Yoda to one arm and scratched Sedona’s head with the other hand. Mark regarded us with amusement and then took the remote from me and continued scrolling through the list of available movies. 
We decided on a horror movie and ended up watching Carrie, then spent the rest of the evening referencing “dirty pillows.” I had a blast. I kept wondering if I would ever have a chance to show him my dirty pillows. But then my aunt called my cell phone, checking to see if I was okay and asking if I had hit my head again while out chasing a story, and with that, the evening was over. Not even a good night kiss. I quickly scanned the street as I walked to my car, but I didn’t see a yellow VW bug anywhere, only a blue minivan parked across the way. I drove home, assured my aunt I was safe and sound, crawled into bed, and was asleep within minutes, disappointment coloring my dreams a hazy shade of winter.
October 29, 1987
The two men huddled together in the shadows behind the strip club, avoiding the glare of the lights from the parking lot. The wail of the police sirens could be heard in the distance, growing closer with every second. One of the men was fidgeting nervously, his glance darting around.
“Things weren’t supposed to go down this way. The police are gonna be suspicious. We should get the hell out of here.”
“Yeah, now that you’re free, you should go lay low for a while. Don’t worry about the police. They’re always good for a bribe.”
“I need some money.”
“Whatever you need, you know that. I have plenty of funds. Shit. There’s a woman peeking around the side of the building.”
“Who?! Oh, that’s just Sharon. We don’t need to worry about her. Man, we need to get the hell out of here. Let’s go.”
“You’re welcome, by the way.”
“Huh?”
“Nothing. Never mind. Let’s go.”
Chapter 3
Sunday, September 28, 2014 
My aunt had a comfortable 1950s bungalow that still had its original wood floors and cabinetry. It was often a little untidy, but never dirty. Capped by a high ceiling, the main room was an open floor plan of kitchen and living room, one beside the other. My bedroom opened off of the living room in the back while my aunt’s bedroom was in front of mine. Her collection of old 8 mm film cameras were showcased on the shelves while vintage movie posters adorned the walls. The appliances were old and capricious. 
It was a little cozy at times, but for the most part, we each had our own space, and we didn’t often get in each other’s way, especially since recently she spent most of her time at Bob Shaw’s house. Bob Shaw was the owner of the local newspaper and a long-time admirer of my aunt’s. He gave me the job at the paper as a way to get into my aunt’s good graces. The upside was that my part-time “job” at the newspaper was kind of a non-job. I could go in whenever I wanted, and I would get paid no matter what. I’m not proud of it, but that’s how it was. I knew at some point I was going to have to find a real job, but my self esteem was at an all time low right now, and I found it difficult to make the effort.
For some reason, I awoke the following day with Cyndi Lauper’s “Good Enough” going through my head. Perhaps my unconscious was trying to give me a lukewarm, mild mannered pep talk. Regardless, it worked, and I, indeed, felt “good enough.” Despite my wardrobe and makeup malfunction, despite my aunt calling and ruining the mood, despite everything, last night was fun and good, and I’m pretty sure Mark enjoyed our evening together as much as I did. I couldn’t help but smile. But then my joy faded away as I remembered my red-haired stalker. What was the deal? Finally, I roused myself out of bed and ventured forth to greet the day. 
It was a Sunday, and I felt like having a lazy day. I could have gone into work, but I chose not to. So I decided to take today, and possibly tomorrow, off to sit and think about the article. Today, thinking about the article consisted of sitting around and watching TV with my aunt while eating frozen appetizers and drinking cocktails. I’m a whiskey girl, myself. Not too expensive because I’m not rich and live on a budget, but I favor the smoother, pricier whiskeys, and I will splurge on a good bottle. If my budget is a little tight, which it usually is, I’ll buy a cheaper whiskey and use it for mixed drinks. So I was sipping on a whiskey sour and watching (read: making fun of) an infomercial for Reverend Gary’s “Take Control and Cast Out The Evil” seminar when I happened to glance out the window and see a pale yellow VW bug sitting on the street across from our home. Immediately, I tensed up. The sun was going down, and I probably should have drawn the curtains several minutes ago, but I hadn’t, and now I was staring out the window at a yellow beetle-shaped car as if it were a giant worm parked outside on the curb. I hate worms. I didn’t know what to do. I didn’t want to alarm my aunt. In the end, I opted for something rather foolish. I drew the curtains, told her I had to run out to my car for something, grabbed an umbrella to use as a weapon, and then headed outside with my angry face on to confront the perp. He drove away as soon as I started down the driveway. So much for that. I kept looking outside throughout the evening but didn’t spot him again. I fell asleep on the sofa and awoke with Morgan sitting by my head staring at me. Sometimes, she’s kind of a weird, creepy cat. I shooed her off and then looked out the window. No suspicious vehicles. I yawned, then plodded into my bedroom and fell back asleep. 
October 29, 1987
Who is that? I’ve never seen him before. Is he one of Tom’s minions? Do vampires have minions? I can’t believe Lucy let him drink her blood! Absolutely disgusting! She didn’t have to die. He will pay for this. If it’s the last thing I do, I will make him pay. Oh, Lucy! 
Chapter 4
Monday, September 29, 2014 
The next day, I realized I didn’t have my camera and quickly deduced that I had left it behind at the Cocks & Tails when I was knocked over by the stalker. Fine, I would go back to the C&T and retrieve it. I had only ever seen my stalker during the evening hours, so that gave me a reasonable amount of confidence that maybe I would be okay during the daytime. Regardless, I carried a can of pepper spray. I wasn’t going down without a fight. I pulled up to the C&T and scanned the surrounding area. No other cars were in sight. I slowly got out of my Subaru and walked up to the abandoned strip club, senses at high alert for any other signs of life. Nothing registered, so I walked through the unlocked door and entered the murky twilight of the Cocks & Tails. And immediately got plowed into by the red-haired guy. He grabbed me as he was falling, pulling me with him. We rolled forward into the room.
“Stop doing that!” I said, exasperated. I was no longer afraid. I was just tired of landing on my ass.
Dim light from the open outside door faintly illuminated the space, and I could see the guy on the ground holding his ankle. His foot was bent at an unnatural angle. I was fairly certain it was broken.
“Who are you? What are you doing in here? Why have you been following me?” I demanded.
He just stared at me in silence.
I picked up my pepper spray and looked around. Suddenly the light dimmed. I looked over to see someone blocking the doorway. It was a short, middle aged woman with a string of garlic around her neck. She was carrying a pointy wooden stake and a bottle of Evian. 
She raised the stake up and rushed toward the boy. On impulse, I stuck out my leg and tripped her. She went sprawling on the floor, the stake rattling away into the shadows. The bottle of water hit the ground with a dull thud.
“Oh boy,” said the red-haired guy.
“Shut up, demon!” snarled the woman.
“I have a name, you know,” said the guy. 
“Silence, spawn of Satan!” barked the woman.
“What’s your name?” I asked.
“It’s Aidan,” said Aidan.
“Your name is 666. You are Legion,” said the woman.
“My name is Aidan, and you are really getting to be a pain in my ass,” said Aidan, looking at the woman with annoyance.
The woman rose up and gathered her implements. I took a closer look at her. Big, teased hair in an outdated style. A little pudgy. Wearing tight white jeans, a black top, a jean jacket, and a gold cross necklace. She was also wearing a nametag that said, “Hi. My name is Sharon.” Through the door I could see a familiar-looking blue minivan parked outside. 
“Reverend Gary has given me the tools to slay you. I’ll be back, devil. Your harlot won’t always be here to save you,” predicted Sharon. She fled out the door, and soon we heard the minivan start up and drive away.
Aidan stood up and walked over. Now that I could really see him clearly, he wasn’t half bad looking. Just needed a shower and some new clothes. 
“Thanks for tripping up the loony,” he said. 
“No problem. You wanna tell me what’s going on?” I said.
“Sure. I’m a vampire. That woman is Sharon. She’s a religious fanatic who thinks she’s on a mission from God to kill me and stamp out other evil in the world. She apparently thinks you and I are in cahoots.”
“She thinks you’re a vampire?” I asked incredulously.
“I am a vampire,” Aidan said, straight-faced.
I looked at him warily.
“It’s true,” said Aidan. He opened his mouth, and his canine teeth appeared to grow longer as I watched.
“Nice trick,” I said. I started looking around at possible exits.
“It’s not a trick. I really am a vampire. Look at how pale I am.”
“You’re a ginger.”
He sighed heavily. “I really hate that term. Look, just take my word for it. I’m a vampire. I drink blood to stay alive. I’m not going to harm you, so you don’t need to have that panicked look on your face.”
“Wait, I thought your ankle was broken.” Aidan appeared to be walking perfectly fine. He wasn’t even limping. I guess I was mistaken about his ankle.
“It was broken. As a vampire, I heal pretty fast.”
I was more inclined to believe that he wasn’t a vampire and that his ankle wasn’t broken to begin with. I started edging toward the door.
“No, really. Look, what can I do to prove I’m a vampire?”
“Forget that. Why have you been following me?”
“I thought Sharon might go after you, so I was following you to keep you safe.” 
That brought me up short. “Why would Sharon go after me? I’m not an evil hell spawn,” I said.
“She noticed me watching you, so she thought you were important to me.”
“AHA!” I exclaimed triumphantly. “I knew you were stalking me! Why?” I asked again.
Aidan looked embarrassed. “I wasn’t stalking you. I’ve been staying here. You came here to me the other night. But that put you on Sharon’s radar, so she started following you. I had to keep track of you to protect you.”
He still sounded like a stalker to me.
“How did you know Sharon meant to harm me?” I said.
“She left a couple notes on my car. Things like, ‘I’m watching you and your whore’ and ‘I’ll get you and your whore soon.’ She always signed them, ‘From Sharon.’ She writes with a lot of hearts and curlicues.” 
I didn’t know what to say. Maybe I was being really stupid, but I didn’t fear him. He seemed harmless enough, even though he thought he was a vampire. 
I glanced around and located my camera outside the door to the girls restroom. I picked it up and inspected it, turned it on and messed with the focus. It seemed fine. 
“Look, I could maybe call the cops on you, but I’m not going to do that,” I said. “Just stop following me around, alright? Maybe, I don’t know, take a shower and get a job or something.” 
Aidan stared down at the floor, not saying anything. 
“Well, I’m gonna head out now. Um, have a good day.” I turned around and walked out into the sunlight, feeling like I had just kicked a puppy. 
I circled the outside of the building before leaving. I found Aidan’s yellow VW bug parked behind the strip club, and I jotted down his license plate number. From there, I drove to the newspaper office to check the voicemail messages, but there were only a few calls, mainly inquiries about a memorial service for Herb the Chicken. I decided to get out of town for the rest of the day, so I drove over to San Luis Obispo to get a coffee, hang out and interact with regular society for a while. It was a breath of fresh air. By the time I started my return home, I felt like the earlier events of the day hadn’t even happened. Then I noticed the blue minivan following me.
The next few days I watched for tails. I didn’t notice Aidan stalking me after that, but I occasionally spotted Sharon. She wasn’t at all stealthy. She must have been from out of town, as my aunt didn’t know of any Sharons from Horca. I thought about confronting the vampire hunter, but decided to wait. I didn’t feel like stirring things up right now. I didn’t hear from Mark until later in the week when we made plans to get together to watch Horca Highway Horror! 
Chapter 5
Friday, October 3, 2014 
Friday dawned cloudy and breezy. They were calling for rain by nightfall. I figured I would head over to the library and see what progress Teresa had made. I walked out to my car and found two notes stuck under my windshield wipers. The bottom note said, “I’m watching you whore,” and was signed with a few flamboyant flourishes by Sharon. The top note said, “Call me. Aidan.” On the back was a phone number.
I drove over to the library and found Teresa practicing yoga. The tables had been pushed back against the walls to give her more space. The bookshelves were about a quarter filled, and I glimpsed a couple of empty display cases set up in an adjoining room. 
“Hello!” she said enthusiastically. “I was going to call you later. I found some old newspaper articles about a local legend.”
I still hadn’t decided on an article topic, so it wouldn’t hurt to hear what she had found.
“What kind of legend?” I asked.
“The Palsied Platypus Man of Pohannon.”
Pohannon was a large lake north of Horca in Pohannon State Park. I had never heard of a monster legend associated with Lake Pohannon.
“Is this a joke?” I asked. 
“Nope. Supposedly, there is a giant shaking platypus man who lived in or near Lake Pohannon. He appeared to a number of people in the late 1800’s.”
I looked at her skeptically. “Was this, perchance, in an April 1st edition of the paper?”
“No, I’m serious. There were some write-ups on it in October 1889 when a hunter claimed to have bagged and tagged the elusive creature. Turned out to be a beaver, but the legend persisted. They did a few articles on it over the years.”
It didn’t sound very promising. I was more inclined to believe Aidan was a vampire. 
“Thanks, Teresa. I appreciate you finding the articles. Can I get some copies of them?” I asked. Might as well, I thought.
“Sure,” she said.
She disappeared into a back room while I browsed the bookshelves. She reappeared shortly with copies of the articles, still warm from the Xerox machine. 
“Thanks,” I said. “I really do appreciate your help. By any chance, have you come across any articles about Horca Highway Horror?”
“I have a few articles. Do you want copies of those, too?”
“If you don’t mind?” 
Teresa was turning out to be a valuable asset. She disappeared into the back room again, and I took a few pictures of the movie posters with my cell phone. She came back after a few minutes. I paid her for the copies, thanked her again, then headed out. 
It was almost lunchtime, so I stopped off for a frog pie. I was there for a while, savoring the rich dish. Its buttery crust had me moaning in pleasure. Every bite had me practically swooning in ecstasy. I do love me some frog pie.
Leaving Kandy’s, I walked over to the park and dialed Aidan’s phone number. He picked up immediately.
“Carys. Thanks for calling.”
“What’s up?”
“I think I can help you. With the article you’re writing.” 
“What article?”
“The article about the movie.”
My mouth dropped open in surprise.
“Okay, how the hell do you know about that? And how do you know my name?” My voice came out a little high-pitched. Seriously, how the hell could Aidan know about the article?
“Don’t you know that vampires can read minds?” 
“Can you read my mind right now?” I asked belligerently, thinking he could take his supposed mind-reading skills and stick them where the sun don’t shine.
Aidan laughed. “That’s not very nice, Carys. I’m not sure how that’s even possible. I really can read minds,” he insisted. “Sort of. I can pick up thoughts from some people. You happen to be one of those people where the thoughts come through more loud and clear than usual. We seem to have a connection, a psychic bond.”
I snorted in disbelief. “I don’t know who you are or where you came from, but you need to stop following me.” This guy was a psycho. He knew too much about me. And he believed we had a connection. I wasn’t feeling very reassured.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. Really,” he said earnestly.
He wasn’t convincing me. I walked back toward my car, my thumb feeling for the button to end the call. My mind was already switching gears as I tried to figure out what to wear for my date with Mark tonight.
“You can’t go to Mark’s tonight. Sharon has started thinking Mark is part of the conspiracy,” Aidan said.
“What conspiracy?”
“The alleged vampire conspiracy.”
“How do you know where I’m going tonight?” 
I heard Aidan took a deep breath. “I told you – I can read minds,” he said, sounding frustrated.
“What number am I thinking of?” I asked.
There was silence. 
“5,679,” he said.
Damn. The actual number I was thinking of was 5,678, but that was too close for coincidence. Okay, I wasn’t willing to discount ESP. Telepathy might exist, and Aidan might have it. That didn’t mean he was a vampire. 
I slowed down and then stood beside my car.
“Why do you have a connection to me?” I asked.
“It’s complicated.”
“Not an acceptable explanation.”
“Agree to disagree?” Aidan asked hopefully.
I thought about it a minute and then nodded. 
“For now,” I said. There were forces at work here that I didn’t understand. It would take time to figure things out.
“Soooo, what’s this about you helping me with the article?” I asked.
“Oh, right. I have some journals and photos that might interest you.”
“What kinds of journals and photos?”
“Good ones. Helpful ones.”
“Okay, let’s meet up,” I said, trying to think of a nice public place where we could meet.
“Carys, I’m not going to hurt you. I don’t bite.” Aidan sounded amused.
“You said you’re a vampire.”
“Good point. I’m not going to bite you,” Aidan clarified.
“I’m sorry, but I’m finding it really hard to believe you’re a vampire.”
“That’s just because you’ve been brainwashed by how vampires are portrayed in the media.”
“Nooooo,” I said doubtfully. “I may not be an expert, but I’m pretty sure vampire stories date back to ancient times in many different cultures. There are certain similarities between all the mythologies. You’re just not fitting the mold.”
“I must admit, I’m not up on ancient vampire lore. All I can say is that I’m a vampire. I don’t sleep, and I can’t be in direct sunlight for very long without extreme consequences; although, as I get older, I’m more tolerant to sunlight. I drink blood, which I obtain through some contacts at the blood bank. I heal quickly, and I stay young forever. I don’t, however, have superhuman strength, speed, or grace or anything like that, and I sure as hell don’t sparkle in the sunlight like a glitter ball. The stereotypical vampire you’re expecting does not exist, but I am a vampire.”
“Yes, you clearly believe you’re a vampire. I doubt I can say anything to convince you otherwise. Let’s just agree to disagree.”
There was silence as Aidan thought this over for a minute. “Fine,” he said.
“And don’t attempt to drink my blood. Or the blood of any of my friends or family,” I added hastily.
“Of course,” he said. “Just please take my advice and avoid Mark’s. It’ll just cause more problems.”
“Thanks for caring, but I think we’ll be okay. I’ll get back to you about the journal.”
“Very good then,” Aidan said a little stiffly.
“Very good then.” I hung up and got in my car. I sat for a few seconds, thinking about the strange conversation I just had. Then I drove home, my imagination fired up by thoughts of ESP.
Despite Aidan’s warning, I had no intention of skipping out on my date with Mark. I ran by the Herald to check the voicemails and then ran a few errands, including shopping for a new top to wear. I got home around 4:00. My aunt was sitting on the couch reading a book. Morgan was draped around her shoulders, looking like a bizarre fur stole.
“I saw Mark at the Steal or Deal,” Aunt Jenny said. The Steal or Deal was the local grocery store. “He seemed a little….off.”
“What do you mean,” I asked.
“He kept glancing around like he was being followed. Very paranoid and jittery. I hope he’s not on drugs. He actually zigzagged as he walked to his car. I heard him muttering, ‘Serpentine, serpentine’.”
Uh oh. Sounded like another victim of Sharon’s not-so-stealthy stalking.
“I’m sure he’s fine,” I reassured her. Stupid Sharon! Pretty soon, there was going to be a showdown between me and Sharon. Or between Aidan and Sharon. I wasn’t really sure. Seemed like Aidan brought this mess into our lives, so maybe he should be the one to clear it up. I would revisit this line of thinking later. Right now I had a date to get ready for.
Having learned a lesson from last time, I dressed comfortably in my favorite jeans paired with my new top, a button-up flannel. Pulled on my old black & white Chuck Taylors, applied a dab of lip gloss and just a thin layer of eyeshadow, and headed out. 
I pulled up to Mark’s house and immediately spotted Sharon’s minivan parked across the street. She scowled at me as I got out of my car. Did I want to confront her now? No, I did not. 
I walked up and rang Mark’s doorbell. The door flew open. Mark’s hand darted out and grabbed my arm, pulling me in quickly, and slamming the door shut.
He peered out through the peephole and then turned around and sagged against the door, a defeated look on his face. 
“Hey, big guy,” I said sympathetically. “Everything alright?”
“I swear that minivan has been following me,” he said. Sedona came up to me and wagged her tail in greeting, then sat down and cocked her head to the side, looking at Mark in puzzlement.
“Maybe it’s a rabid fan of yours?” I suggested helpfully.
“Do you think that’s what’s going on? Oh god, I don’t want a Misery situation.”
I worked hard to suppress my laughter. The problem was that the actual truth wasn’t that much stranger than fiction. I looked back at him, unsure of what to say, where to begin. Finally, I took his hand and led him into the living room. We sat down on the couch. I put on a reassuring smile and turned to face him squarely. 
“That minivan has been following you. It’s not your imagination. The minivan is being driven by a deranged religious fanatic named Sharon. She thinks you and I are in league with a vampire.”
Mark looked up at me, a bewildered expression on his face that gradually gave way to a grin, and then outright laughter.
“Thanks, Carys. You always knew how to cheer me up and make me laugh.” He shook his head, chuckling. 
“I’m not kidding.” I looked back at him, dead serious.
“Uh, okay.” He looked around uncomfortably, avoiding my gaze. 
“Look, I’m not saying any of the vampire stuff is true, just that she thinks it’s true,” I said.
Mark thought about this for a second. “Run this by me one more time?” he asked.
I spoke slowly and enunciated my words clearly. “There’s a crazed religious woman named Sharon following us around. She thinks we’re friends with a vampire, and she’s out to get us.”
Didn’t sound any less crazy the second time I said it. 
“Why does this Sharon woman think we’re friends with a vampire?” Mark asked.
“There’s this guy, Aidan, and she thinks he’s a vampire. I’m not really clear on why she thinks that, but she does.”
“And you know this guy, Aidan?”
“Sort of. He’s maybe helping me with that article I’m writing.” I didn’t think it was a good idea to let on that Aidan had been semi-stalking me. It wouldn’t sound good. 
“But I don’t know Aidan,” Mark protested. “Why would Sharon think I was in league with him?”
“Because you’re in league with me. I mean, you’re friends with me. And Sharon doesn’t appear to be playing with a full deck of cards. Hey, you would love Aidan’s car. He’s got an old VW bug. Like you used to have,” I said, trying to switch topics.
“Well, can you go tell her that I don’t know Aidan?” Mark said, ignoring my pathetic attempt to change the subject.
I sighed.
“I don’t think it will make a difference, but I can try,” I said. I got up and walked to the front door, Mark trailing behind. I went outside and started walking toward Sharon’s minivan. Before I even got down the driveway, I heard the minivan start up. I began to jog toward her. The minivan started to pull away.
“Wait!” I yelled out. “I just want to talk!” The minivan continued moving on.
“COME BACK, YOU LUNATIC!” I screamed. “MARK HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THIS!” 
Sharon rolled down her window and shouted out, “Get thee away, Satan!” as she screeched off down the road. Then she turned the corner, tires squealing, and was away out of sight. 
“Your mom is Satan!” I shouted back. Childish, I know.
My shoulders slumped. I walked slowly back to Mark, who was standing on his lawn looking off toward where the minivan had disappeared. We walked back inside wordlessly and then ate another Mark specialty, a delicious dinner of fish tacos and Spanish rice, while watching TV. An ad for Reverend Gary’s “Evil Busters” seminar came on. I changed the channel. We did not mention Sharon or Aidan again. I told him about the Palsied Platypus Man, which he had also never heard of. We agreed we should head up to Lake Pohannon some time soon and look around. 
After dinner, we finally watched the much anticipated Horca Highway Horror!, streaming it on Netflix. Oh, Horca Highway Horror!, to say you exceeded my greatest expectations would be an understatement. You blew me away. You detonated a nuclear bomb of horror, comedy, and action that left me reeling in shock and awe. Horca Highway Horror! was, hands down, the best bad movie I had ever seen. And I’ve seen a lot of good bad movies. Vampires! Orangutans! Vehicular Homicide! And yes, even a dash of romance. I can’t believe they got Clint Eastwood to star in it! The town of Horca provided a perfect setting for the naïve citizens who shelter and foster a relationship with the local vampire. The vampire is almost like their pet, whom they feed with unwary passersby on the highway that runs through town. When the town is struck by a deadly zombie virus from outer space, the vampire must take it upon himself to bring in his own food supplies, using his neighbor’s Jeep Wagoneer as his weapon. Once the hordes of werewolf Amazonian warrior princesses descend upon the town…well, I won’t spoil it for you. Just take my word for it. It is a zany, outlandish, madcap romp that shouldn’t be missed. Watch. This. Movie. Now.
Mark and I were keyed up from watching such a masterpiece. We couldn’t stop talking about it.
We had another drink, and then I glanced at the time. 
“Well, I guess I’ll be going now,” I said slowly after a moment of silence. “Thanks for dinner.” I stared at Mark’s mouth, willing him to kiss me. Indeed, his lips quirked up into a soft smile, and he started moving in closer. I felt my breath quicken. This was really going to happen! I stared soulfully into his eyes and waited for his lips to meet mine. 
Then the window imploded toward us. There was a terrible crashing of shattered glass and a dull thud. We looked over and saw a brick lying on the floor. The brick had a piece of paper wrapped around it, tied on with string. I could vaguely make out Sharon’s signature on it. Sharon! That bitch! Her timing was awful. There was going to be a reckoning, alright. Oh, yes, there was going to be a reckoning! In my mind, I raised my fist up and shook it at her.
Needless to say, the moment was lost. 
The note on the brick said, “Revelation 20:10. Sincerely, Sharon,” followed by three little smiley faces.
We locked Sedona and Yoda away in a bedroom so they wouldn’t get into the glass, and then Mark dug around and pulled out an old Bible. He found the passage from Revelations and read it aloud. 
“And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.”
Apparently, Sharon’s plan was to torment us day and night forever and ever. She and I were about to have a Come to Jebus meeting.
The wind outside was howling, and a few drops of rain splattered against the pavement outside. I helped Mark to quickly clean up the mess and tape a piece of blue tarp up where the window used to be. I told him that Aidan would pay for the replacement window. I wasn’t sure how a homeless “vampire” would get the money, but I was going to make sure of it. 
Chapter 6
Saturday, October 4, 2014 
I was awoken by the ringing of my cell phone. It was Mark calling to let me know that Sharon had left a note on his windshield. This one just had a crude hand drawing of a vampire stabbed through the heart with a wooden stake. Mark said it looked like a toothy man who had a penis going through his chest. He didn’t hold Sharon’s artistic abilities in high regard. 
He said he wanted to meet Aidan. 
“Perhaps we can all put our heads together and think of a way to get Sharon off our backs,” he suggested.
I wasn’t so sure I liked this plan, but we were all in this together now, I figured. And I did want Aidan to pony up the money to fix Mark’s window. I agreed to call Aidan and see if we could meet up. Aidan answered on the first ring. 
“Hi,” he said. He sounded subdued. “I know why you’re calling. Yes, we can meet up.”
Oh, right. ESP. 
“Is there any way you can NOT read my mind,” I asked. “I’m a rather private person.”
“It’s not really something I can turn on and off,” he said. “But I can try to concentrate on other things. That sometimes helps.” 
“Thanks. How, um, how does the whole mind reading thing work, anyway?”
He was silent a moment. “I guess it’s kind of like having a TV turned on in the background. There’s a constant noise, and the closer you are to it, the louder it is. You can focus on it and listen to what they’re saying, or you can try to ignore it and focus on other things. But it’s always there if you’re within radius. And sometimes there’s an emergency broadcast, and that comes through loud and clear, no matter what you’re focusing on. But that rarely happens.”
“Did it happen last night?” I asked.
“No. Sharon’s not really what I would consider a major threat. I mean, she’s more of a pest than anything else.”
“But she wants to kill us.” I paused. “Right?”
“Yes, but in a vague, general way. She’s working herself up to do the deed, but right now she’s more full of righteous indignation than bloodthirsty vengeance.”
“Can you read her thoughts?” I asked.
“No, not really. But I can feel her emotions. Mostly because she thinks about me. A lot.”
“How flattering for you.”
“You’ve seen her love letters. I don’t think I’d relish what she wants to do to my body.”
“She just wants your heart.”
“Impaled on a stake.”
“Should we be concerned that her actions appear to be escalating?” I asked. “I mean, before, it was just notes left on a windshield. Now it’s bricks through a window.”
“You’re forgetting the time she ran at me with an actual stake,” Aidan said, sounding a little hurt.
“Oh, yeah. Right. At the Cocks & Tails. I forgot about that.”
“Honestly, I think that was just a fluke. She had been to some seminar and was all revved up afterward. I think she went to another seminar yesterday. I should go pay a visit to the good Reverend Gary.”
“Can you do that?” I asked. 
“Nah, I was just kidding. I’m a lover, not a fighter. Don’t worry. We’ll figure this out. I’ve tangoed with my fair share of Sharons.”
“I don’t know what that means,” I said.
“Never mind. Just come over. I’ll be here.” He quoted me an address.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“My address.”
“I thought you lived at the Cocks & Tails.”
“I had a change of residence. Just come over.” 
“Why don’t we meet somewhere else?” Somewhere public, I was thinking.
“I can’t go out right now. The sun, Carys,” he said meaningfully. 
Jeez, I thought, he’s taking this whole vampire thing way too seriously. I agreed to meet him at the new address. He hung up, and I called Mark to let him know I was coming to pick him up. 
Mark ran out to my car as I pulled up in front of his house.
“Is there any way that you can bring Aidan here?” he asked. “I don’t really feel safe leaving my window with just a tarp over it while some wacko is roaming around.” 
I hadn’t thought of that. But I wasn’t sure what to do. “I don’t think Aidan likes to go out during the day. He’s more of an inside person,” I said. 
“I don’t know what that means,” Mark said. “Are you saying he’s agoraphobic?”
“Never mind. Maybe we can Skype.” 
Mark just looked at me. 
“Okay, he’s agoraphobic,” I lied.
“But didn’t you say he has a VW bug? Why would he need a car if he’s scared of venturing out?”
Damn. My man Mark had brains as well as beauty. Okay, I had no choice. I was going to have to tell him.
“Aidan is a vampire. At least, he thinks he’s a vampire.” 
“I thought it was just Sharon who thought he was a vampire.”
“They both believe he’s a vampire.”
I could tell Mark thought I was bullshitting him. 
“Really truly. If you come with me, he might even show you this neat trick he does with his teeth,” I said, hoping to entice him. 
“What kind of trick with his teeth?”
“He can make it look like they’re lengthening right in front of your eyes!” I said, sounding like a shill for a carnival act.
“And you’ve seen this ‘trick’?” he asked doubtfully.
“Yeah. I don’t know how he does it, but it’s pretty cool. Some kind of misdirection or smoke and mirrors or something.” 
“Shouldn’t he be asleep? It’s daytime.”
“He says we are grossly misinformed about how actual vampires work.”
Mark appeared to be thinking hard about this new development. 
“Hang on,” he said before running back into the house. I waited impatiently. He reappeared a few minutes later carrying a bookbag that smelled suspiciously like garlic. 
I entered Aidan’s address into my cellphone and soon had directions to a residential area in the nearby town of Cambria. My cellphone directed us to a posh-looking gated community called Canterbury Estates. We drove past a couple of times uncertainly and then finally pulled in. The security guard at the gate looked at me inquiringly. I was unsure of what to say, so I said, “Uh, we’re here to see Aidan.” He stepped back, opened the gate and waved us through. We passed through and then headed back to what I can only describe as a mansion. I rolled on up the driveway, parked beside Aidan’s yellow Beetle underneath the wide porte-cochere, and then double checked the address that Aidan had given me. Yes, we were in the right place. 
Mark’s eyes were big and round as he took in the surroundings. 
“This is where Aidan lives?” he asked in disbelief.
“Apparently.”
We walked to the front door. 
“Shielded from the sun,” Mark muttered, looking up at the porte-cochere.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“Nothing.”
I rang the doorbell. From inside, I could hear some chimes ringing out the Carpenters’ “They Long To Be (Close To You),” announcing our presence. After a few seconds, Aidan opened the door. He was cleaned up and wearing dark new jeans and a black button-up. He had had his hair cut, and now it was short and spiky. It suited him. I’m not going to lie – he looked pretty good. 
“Friends!” he exclaimed. “Welcome to my humble abode. Mi casa es su casa.” 
“So you’re officially inviting us in?” Mark asked significantly.
Aidan looked puzzled. “Yes?”
I nudged Mark with my elbow. “It’s vampires that have to be invited in. Not regular people.”
“Oh. Right.” 
I was already starting to regret this.
I noticed Aidan’s “fangs” descending until they were poking down past his upper lip. I looked over at Mark and saw his eyes widen further. Aidan smirked.
We walked past him into the house and then stopped in amazement, taking in the wide expanse, the tasteful décor. Soft neutral colors gave it a modern airy feel while glints of silver here and there lent an opulent touch. Elegant yet comfortable. 
“Is this your place?” I asked, goggle-eyed.
“Yes, of course,” he said.
“Of course,” I repeated faintly. 
“The décor is from the last owner. I haven’t had time to introduce my own style.”
We walked back to the kitchen together. After a slight hesitation, Mark followed. Aidan offered me a pumpkin beer. I eyed it with distrust. 
“It’s not poisoned or anything,” Aidan said.
“Of course you would say that,” I said, but I took a big swallow anyway. It tasted great, and I sighed with pleasure.
Mark declined any offer of food or drink, saying loudly, “No, I will not partake of these gifts you offer.” 
I rolled my eyes.
“So what is this place? How did you go from slumming at the C&T to living in this palace?” I asked.
“I took your advice. Well, not all of your advice. I don’t need a job, but I cleaned up a bit and got a better place to live.”
“Just like that?”
“Just like that.”
“Where did you get the money?”
“I’m a vampire. I’ve lived several lifetimes. I’ve built up a pretty sizeable nest egg over the centuries. I just don’t dip into it often.”
“Why not? If I had vast stores of money, I’d live like a queen.”
“I’ve lived for hundreds of years. I’ve lived all kinds of ways. After a while, it’s all the same.”
I looked at him skeptically.
“It’s true,” he said. 
“So if you’re a vampire, why aren’t you trying to drink our blood?” Mark asked suddenly. 
“You don’t have to worry. Aidan is not going to harm you,” I said.
Aidan nodded. “Look here, old chap, I only feed from donated blood.”
Old chap? Donated blood?
“Willingly donated or unwillingly donated?” Mark demanded.
Aidan and I just looked at each other in silence.
Suddenly Mark shoved his hand into Aidan’s face. 
“Aha!” Mark yelled triumphantly. He was holding a small compact mirror. I felt like I had travelled back in time and wandered onto the set of The Lost Boys. Pretty soon the Frog Brothers would appear.
“Stop it.” I shoved Mark’s hand away. “This is ridiculous. Aidan isn’t a vampire.”
Aidan sighed. “I am a vampire.” To demonstrate, he opened his mouth wide, and we saw his fangs retract. Then he made them descend again. Retract. Descend. Retract. Descend. It was like we were watching some weird, twisted Viagra commercial. 
Mark ran out of the room, and I wasn’t far behind. By the time I reached him, he was outside frantically trying to open the locked car door. I ran around to the driver’s side and fumbled for my keys. 
Then I stopped. 
I didn’t know what had just happened. I didn’t know who or what Aidan was. But I knew he wasn’t going to hurt me. And he wasn’t going to hurt Mark. And we especially weren’t leaving here without a check made out to Mark so that he could get his goddamned window replaced.
“What are you doing?” Mark screamed. “We need to go!”
I turned to him, looked him in the eye and said very calmly and quietly, “It’s okay. He’s not going to hurt us.”
“Fuck that!” Mark said and ran off down the driveway. 
Aidan was watching me from the front door. 
“I’ll be back,” I said, before getting in the car and driving after Mark.
I caught up with him a couple blocks over. He can move pretty fast. I pulled up beside him, and he jumped in the car. I didn’t know what to do, so I drove him home. I thought maybe with some distance, he would think a little more clearly. However, I was sorely wrong. 
We got to his house, and he practically barricaded us inside. Dragged a hutch up against the front door, never mind there was a tarp blowing around at his window. Then he reached into his backpack and pulled out some garlic bulbs, started trying to hang those up. 
“What next?” I asked. “Holy water?”
“Do you have any?!” he asked, wild-eyed. 
I sat down and flipped through a magazine, waiting for him to come to his senses. In the wake of Mark’s frenzied activity, Yoda fled the scene, laying low in one of the upstairs bedrooms. Sedona bumped her nose against my leg and looked up at me inquiringly. She whined softly and then laid down beside me and put her head on her paws, her eyes following Mark. He ran about the house, doing this and doing that. I just waited it out. Eventually, he plopped down beside me, panting. 
“Why are you so calm about this?” he asked. 
“Because I sincerely believe Aidan is not going to hurt us,” I said.
“But he’s a vampire.”
I shrugged. “If he is, then he’s right - we are grossly misinformed. And if that’s the case, then we can’t be sure he wants to hurt us.” 
Mark pondered my words. 
“So then what is true?” he asked. “What do we know that’s true about vampires?”
“According to Aidan, they drink blood, live forever, can heal fast, and sunlight can hurt them. But not indirect sunlight, I guess. Hell, I don’t know.”
We were both quiet for a while, thinking about vampires, trying to sort through all the paradoxes, the stereotypes, the fallacies, the myths. 
“Does this mean there’s a Palsied Platypus Man in Lake Pohannon?” Mark asked. 
I laughed. “I have no idea.” I grew quiet again. “I guess anything is possible,” I said wonderingly.
Chapter 7
I left Mark alone for a couple days so he could recuperate. I texted him a few times just to make sure he wasn’t going to rebound and join Sharon on the crazy train, but he seemed to be okay. Teresa mentioned he had been by the library and had checked out a bunch of Stephen King novels, including ‘Salem’s Lot. I wasn’t sure if that was a bad thing. 
I also needed time to recuperate. Aidan texted me a few times. I think he was doing what I was doing to Mark - making sure I wasn’t going to go all Van Helsing on his ass. 
I holed up at home and watched TV and read, only venturing out once to the library to pick up more articles from Teresa. I told my aunt I thought I had the flu, and she left me alone. I tend to be a loner when I’m sick, so she knows not to hover. She bought some cans of chicken soup and left them lined up on the counter so that I could help myself to them. She also stocked the fridge with orange juice and Gatorade. She’s good like that.
I felt the need for bland and unexciting fare. I watched a lot of sitcoms, slowly graduating to inspirational ‘80s movies with montages set to Kenny Loggins music. Eventually, I felt like life was returning to normal.
Chapter 8
Tuesday, October 7, 2014 
Tuesday, Teresa called and said she had more Platypus Man stuff for me. And also something on Loose Lucy. 
When I arrived at the library, I was amazed to see how much progress Teresa had made. The bookshelves were neatly labeled and almost completely full. And I could see that she had already stocked several display shelves in the adjoining rooms. 
She greeted me with enthusiasm. After the usual pleasantries, she disappeared into a back room and then quickly reappeared with a small cardboard box and a manila folder, which she plunked down onto one of the round tables.
I opened the box. Pulling out the first item, I discovered an old, tattered journal, the yellowed pages densely covered in a neat, precise handwriting. It was written by a Constance Dogooder. Constance Dogooder, really? She sounded like a Puritan from the Mayflower. Or something. My knowledge of historical culture wasn’t so hot.
October 8, 1889. Another sighting of the shaking beast. James Cooper claims he saw it late last night as he was returning home from his mother’s. This morning, old Ben Wyatt’s sheep were found like all the others, drained of their blood. 
Interesting. I opened the folder. There were copies of two news clippings from the SF Weekly. The first article was from October 30, 1987 and was titled, “Police Probe Apparent Suicide at Local Strip Club.” The second was from October 25, 1995 and was headed, “Loose Lucy and other Urban Legends.”
“Awesome,” I said. “You are a HUGE help. Thanks so much!” 
“Happy to be of service,” Teresa said. “You can take the folder. Those copies are yours. The journal and the box will have to stay here, but you’re welcome to look at them at any time.” 
I was disappointed I couldn’t take the journal with me, but I certainly understood. I thanked her again, promising to drop by soon, and then I left with the SF Weekly articles. 
After leaving the library, I called Mark. He sounded a little dazed.
“I’m still trying to wrap my head around everything,” he said. “It’s a slow process.”
“I know what you mean. I feel like the world has turned upside down. But it’s not like I’m about to go sign up for a Reverend Gary seminar, if you know what I mean.” I paused. “You do know what I mean, don’t you?”
“Don’t worry, Carys. I’m not going to become a vampire hunter. I’m dealing with it. It’s just taking some time.”
I assured him he wasn’t alone.
“Give me a call when you’re ready to talk,” I said.
He promised to call later.
After getting off the phone with Mark, I called Aidan.
“Hey Carys.”
“You’ve really thrown us for a loop,” I said.
“I’m sorry. I tried to tell you.”
“I know, but hearing someone is a vampire and seeing it are two different things.” 
“Just don’t go joining up with Reverend Gary.”
I laughed. “I’m having a strange sense of déjà vu,” I said. “I just had this same conversation with Mark.”
“How’s he doing?”
“He’s adjusting. It’s a slow process,” I said, parroting Mark.
“So maybe while he’s adjusting, you and I can go grab some dinner together,” Aidan suggested.
I considered his invitation. 
“Sure. Do you know where Kandy’s Diner is?” I asked.
“Unfortunately, yes.”
“What does that mean?” I asked, offended.
“It means that place is probably one letter away from being shut down by the health inspector.”
“I like their food,” I said sulkily.
“How about Lorenzo’s?” he suggested. Lorenzo’s was a new and wildly popular bistro that had just opened up in Cambria. 
“I hear it’s booked solid for the next few months,” I said.
“No worries. I can get us in. Do you want to go?” he asked.
“Well, sure.”
“Great. I know you’re still suspicious of me, so how about we meet there?”
I was relieved at his suggestion. We agreed to meet at Lorenzo’s at 7:00. 
I decided Lorenzo’s called for some new attire. I spent the next couple of hours shopping for a dress. Something comfortable yet stylish. I visited a few consignment shops before I found a shop with clothes appropriate for my age - not too young and not too old. After deciding on a dress that I could wear with my dressy boots, I went back home and did some light cleaning to pass the time. Then I sat and watched TV until it was time to start getting ready.
I pulled up to Lorenzo’s at 6:50. Aidan was waiting for me outside.
“They can’t seat us until 7:30. I thought maybe we could walk around until then,” he said.
I glanced around at the busy street. “Sure,” I said. I turned toward the sidewalk just as Aidan trod on my heel and bumped into me.
“Oops, sorry,” he said, looking embarrassed.
“You need to watch where you’re going,” I said. “You have a tendency to run into me.”
“I know,” he mumbled. 
I stepped back to let him lead the way. We walked up the main thoroughfare, window shopping and chatting. 
We paused in front of a storefront that showcased risqué Halloween costumes.
I pointed to a slutty purple dinosaur costume. “Who would possibly buy that?” Through the wide front window, we saw a woman emerge from a dressing room, sporting the purple costume. Aidan and I burst out laughing. “Seriously!” I said. 
“It’s getting out of hand,” Aidan agreed. “I’m surprised we haven’t seen Slutty Terrorist.”
“Good grief. Can you imagine? It’s probably only a matter of time. Slutty Nazi?”
“That one’s probably out there already, just in certain circles.”
“How about Slutty Mennonite?”
“We’re limiting ourselves to humans. How about Slutty Jupiter? A big, slutty gas giant.”
“Good one. How about Slutty Millennium Falcon? Or A Skanky Brief History of Time?” I suggested.
“Now you’re just being ridiculous.” 
By the time we circled back to the restaurant, I was loosening up and feeling a lot more comfortable around Aidan. 
We were seated promptly at 7:30, the hostess leading us past a long line of people to a table by the front window where we could look out and see the crowds passing by. The bistro was packed, yet the tables were spaced far enough apart that each table maintained its feeling of intimacy, heightened by the low lighting and the flickering candles. The delectable aromas filling the air made my mouth water. 
“How were you able to get a reservation on such short notice?” I asked.
“Money opens many doors,” he said.
I looked at him appraisingly. 
“I don’t know what to make of you,” I admitted.
“I’m an enigma,” he agreed.
I laughed. “Why are you here?” I asked. 
“I heard this place has great food.”
“No, I mean, why me? Why were you following me?”
“I told you – it’s complicated. I’ll explain everything in due time. Let’s just, tonight, relax and have fun.”
I smiled at him. “Okay, fine. But eventually you’re going to have to answer some questions.”
He agreed all my questions would be answered at a later date. I decided to stop interrogating him. I would take his advice and enjoy the evening.
We chatted about current and historical events while watching the people pass by outside. Pretty soon I noticed a trend. I saw an awful lot of women wearing shiny, sparkly tops. I was half-listening to Aidan talk about attending the 1893 World’s Fair when he trailed off. Feeling the silence, I looked over at him. His head was tilted to the side, and he was studying me.
“What?” I asked, my wine glass raised halfway to my lips.
“You seem a little distracted.”
“Have you noticed how many women are wearing sparkly tops?” 
He turned his head to look outside. “Now that you mention it, it does seem to be the current fashion. Perhaps there’s a Bedazzler convention in town?” he suggested. 
I snickered. “I could almost make a drinking game out of it. Take a drink every time a sparkly top went by outside. I would be hammered pretty fast.”
There would be no drinking game, however, as our food was served shortly. I had ordered a filet mignon, medium, with shallots in a red wine reduction with garlic smashed potatoes and sautéed vegetables. Aidan had ordered a salad, which he just kept pushing around without eating. My dinner was delicious. Instead of shoveling in the food like I usually do, I took my time and savored every bite. For dessert, I ordered a chocolate mousse. Oh, it was divine! We lingered afterward, sipping on lemon water and chatting about historical events Aidan had witnessed. The street outside emptied out. We saw a few stragglers here and there hurrying past. I noticed a blue minivan that kept cruising slowly by. I couldn’t make out who the driver was, but I was pretty sure it was Sharon. 
I looked at my watch and was surprised to see that it was after 11:30. “As much fun as this has been, we should probably start heading out,” I said.
Aidan reluctantly agreed. He signaled for the check, paid the bill with a couple big bills, and then we stepped outside. It was starting to drizzle. 
He walked me to my car, his hand at my elbow. I turned to him. “Well, thank you for a lovely evening,” I said. 
“Absolutely. We should do this again.”
I nodded. “That would be nice.” I got in my car and started it up. Aidan stepped back. He gave a little wave, and I pulled away. I glanced in my rearview mirror and saw him staring after me until I took a corner, turning out of sight. 
Chapter 9
Wednesday, October 8, 2014 
The following day, I woke up early, grabbed my camera, and drove to Lake Pohannon. I could have been out looking for a full-time job, but instead, I was taking advantage of all my free time to pursue a hobby in photography. I had taken a photography class years ago, but that was before digital cameras became the norm. I remembered some of the rules about composition and lighting, but that was about it. Even so, I had recently purchased a Nikon V1, a display model, at a discounted price. I avidly studied the manual, looked at a few photography websites, and messed around with the camera’s settings. I had grand visions of becoming a famous photographer, the next Ansel Adams. Yet, for some reason, all my shots kept coming out blurry and out of focus. I had probably changed a setting somewhere, but I didn’t know what I had done. If I were completely honest with myself, I would admit that I didn’t have the “eye” for photography. But I was stubborn, so I kept at it, taking mediocre pictures and blaming the camera or the subject matter when they came out less than stellar. Still, it got me out and about and gave me something to do. 
Lake Pohannon was quiet that weekday morning. There was a thin blanket of fog layered over the lake, but it was burning off quickly. The sunlight filtered through, creating a diffused glow. I took some pictures of the hazy rising sun and then started making a circuit around the lake. I saw some ripples in the water and imagined a great, hairy platypus man storming up out of the water and charging at me. Hmmm, Slutty Palsied Platypus. Now, that would be a costume, I thought. I reached the opposite side of the lake and saw something coming fast toward me out of the fog. Sedona came bounding up to me, her tongue lolling out of her mouth. She licked my hand, her tail wagging furiously. 
“Hey, girl,” I said. She plopped down and rolled over onto her back. I reached down and gave her a vigorous belly rub. I looked up to see Mark appearing through the mist. He looked pretty scrumptious in a lightweight olive sweater and old faded jeans. His brows rose in surprise when he saw me.
“Hey,” he said. “What’s up?”
I straightened up. “Taking some pictures.”
Mark looked out over the lake. “Get any good ones?”
“Probably not,” I said pessimistically. 
He held his hand out, and I gave him my camera. He looked it over, scrolled through the pictures I had taken, and then flipped through the camera settings with rapid speed. 
“Here’s your problem.” He pointed to a menu option. “Your exposure mode was set to aperture priority.” He changed it to Programmed Auto. He held the camera up, pointed it at me and Sedona, and took a picture. I didn’t even have time to smile. He looked down at the screen. “Beautiful!” he said. 
“Wait, I wasn’t ready for that,” I protested. 
He handed the camera back to me. I looked in astonishment at the screen display. I have a sad history of awkward portraits. I generally do not look good in photos. Yet Mark, with a quick point and shoot, was able to capture me in such a way that I thought I actually looked kind of pretty. My face was caught in a ray of sunlight that had broken through the fog, giving a gentle glow to my skin, illuminating my eyes and highlighting my hair in a becoming way. With no time to paste a fake, forced smile on my face, he had caught me wearing a natural, open expression as I gazed directly at the camera. He had also captured Sedona, standing by me and looking up with a sweet grin on her face. 
“How did you do that?” I breathed.
“I’m an amateur photographer, too.”
“I’m no amateur,” I protested. “I don’t rank as high as all that. You clearly have a gift. I’m hiring you for all my portrait photos from now on.”
“It would be my pleasure.” 
I looked again at the picture he had taken. “Genius!” I said.
Mark looked at his watch. “It’s almost lunch time. Do you want to go grab something with us?”
“I should probably stay here and work on my photography skills, but I’m starting to think it’s not worth it.”
“Nonsense. Come with us, and I’ll give you some pointers. You’ll be shooting like a pro in no time.”
We walked together along the lake, back toward the parking lot, stopping along the way so that Mark could show me a tip or a trick with the camera. By the time we reached our cars, I was feeling more confident. 
“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” I gushed. 
“You’re very welcome. Now come have lunch with me and Sedona. My treat.”
“No, my treat,” I said. “As a thank you for helping me today.”
We decided on a nearby cafe. I followed him over in my car, and we selected a table outside so that Sedona could sit with us. I ordered a pesto chicken sandwich and some mint tea. Delicious and refreshing. 
“It’s good to see you eating something other than frog pies,” Mark observed.
“I honestly don’t know why everyone is so down on frog pies. There are a lot worse foods I could be addicted to,” I retorted. 
“That’s true. My issue is more with Kandy’s frog pies.” Mark grimaced. “They’re just little pieces of chicken floating in a big puddle of butter and grease.” He shuddered. 
“Can we talk about something else, please?” I asked irritably. 
“Sure. Have you talked to Aidan lately?”
I suddenly wanted to talk about frog pies again.
“I have. He’s doing well,” I said.
“And you still trust him?”
“I do.”
“And has he come up with a way to get Sharon off our backs?”
“I don’t know. The subject hasn’t come up again,” I said. “But I’ll ask him. Also, I’ll get the money for your window.”
Mark looked uncomfortable. “He doesn’t need to pay for my window.”
“Yes, he does,” I insisted. 
“No, he really doesn’t. I don’t need his money.”
I didn’t say anything. I signaled for the check and took out my purse.
“You’re sure you’ve got this?” Mark asked.
“Yeah, yeah. Don’t worry about it.”
“Well, then let’s get together for dinner later this week,” he suggested.
“That would be great.” 
A brown Ford Taurus pulled up, and a familiar figure got out. 
“Oh my god. Don’t look now, but Miss Ferguson is here,” I said. 
Mark groaned. “I thought she retired and moved away.”
“I know she retired, but, apparently, she’s still around.”
Miss Ferguson was our 12th grade English teacher. A former nun, she had terrorized our class with her steely glare and her inexorable attitude. You always got the impression she was about to pull out a ruler and rap someone’s knuckles. I still had nightmares about her.
I cast a quick glimpse over at the old harridan just as she looked over. Her eyes widened in surprise as she recognized me and Mark. She pulled open her car door and rummaged around inside before pulling out a copy of Type A for Alcohol. My own eyes widened in astonishment. 
“You’re not going to believe this--,” I started before Miss Ferguson interrupted me.
“Mr. Csaji and Ms. Reilly,” she said as she walked up. 
“Hi Miss Ferguson,” we intoned together.
“Is today not a work day? Why aren’t you two at jobs like responsible, hard-working adults?” she asked.
Mark and I looked at each other. 
“I am sure you have your excuses, however weak they may be,” Miss Ferguson said. “Regardless, it is a fortunate turn of events that we have met. Mark, I was wondering if I could get your signature? I have been carrying this abomination around ever since I heard you moved back.” She held out Mark’s book. 
Mark’s jaw dropped open, and he stared at her in disbelief.
“Come along, young man, I haven’t got all day,” Miss Ferguson scolded. 
He slowly reached out and took the book, looking dazed, while I rummaged around in my purse and found a pen. Mark hastily scrawled a message and signed his name on the inside cover. 
“To my favorite English teacher,” read Miss Ferguson. “Hmph. So you are a liar as well as a bad writer. Well, I could only teach you so much. What you do with your knowledge once you leave is up to you. Good day to you both.” She nodded at us and then entered the restaurant and sat at a booth well away from the front windows.
“Well, that was surreal,” I said.
Mark nodded. “You got that right. Why the hell did she want my autograph?”
“One of her students got big and famous. That doesn’t happen every day, especially here in Horca.”
“I guess,” he agreed. “Now that I think about it, I’m probably going to have to rewrite that entire book to include all this new vampire information I’m learning.”
“Don’t bother,” I said. “I’m willing to bet we’re part of a very small minority who know any actual facts about vampires.”
“I guess so,” he said.
He promised to call later, and then he and Sedona split. I went out to my car and retrieved Teresa’s Loose Lucy news clippings that had been sitting in the front seat of my car all this time. I ordered another mint tea and then sat back and read the articles.
The first one was short and to the point. An exterior picture of the Cocks & Tails, bustling with police activity, loomed large above the headline.
Police Probe Apparent Suicide at Local Strip Club
October 30, 1987
By Shaunda Sommers
HORCA — Authorities are investigating after a young woman, Lucilia Costas, was found dead Thursday night at a local strip club just outside of Horca.
The San Luis Obispo Sheriff’s homicide detectives and the San Luis Obispo County Medical Examiner’s Office were called to the scene at 1056 Cedar Ridge Road.
The deceased’s friend, who was with her at the strip club, discovered the suicide and called police.
“Around 1:25 a.m. last night, local law enforcement officials were dispatched to 1056 Cedar Ridge Road with a report of a possible fatality at that address,” San Luis Obispo County Sheriff Mike Tuckman said.
“There, they found a Caucasian female who was pronounced dead at the scene,” Lt. Tuckman said.
Police did not disclose details into how Lucilia Costas died. However, they did say they have evidence which makes them certain it was a suicide.
“A note was found on the deceased’s person, which is leading us to consider this a suicide,” Lt. Tuckman said. “At this time, we do not believe there was any foul play involved in her death.”
The Sheriff’s Department turned over the investigation to local law enforcement for follow-up. 
The second article contained, in my mind, some rather fascinating information. 
Loose Lucy and other Urban Legends (Pt. 1)
October 20, 1995
By Edwin Roberts
We all know the stories by now. The homicidal maniac lurking in your backseat, the human meat in the fast food burgers, the hideous skin diseases caused by common household products. These are urban legends. Horrific warning stories that have been passed around by word of mouth, getting changed in each retelling. With the advent of electronic mail, or “e-mail,” like Pine Mail and Eudora, these urban myths are spreading at an unprecedented rate. But is there any truth behind these stories? 
Join me in the days leading up to Halloween as I look in-depth at some of the more prominent urban legends and attempt to either prove or debunk them. 
For Part 1 of my investigation, I look at the Legend of Loose Lucy. 
For the uninitiated, Loose Lucy is your typical “look in a mirror and say her name X times” story. À la the popular horror movie, Candyman. Legend has it that Loose Lucy committed suicide at a strip club on the edge of Horca after being spurned by a male stripper. Say her name three times while looking in the mirror of the bathroom where she took her life, and she will appear behind you. 
Was there an actual Loose Lucy? Many legends have their basis in fact, even if the legends, over time, have become so twisted and bent out of shape that they no longer resemble their origins. Was there a Lucy who died at a strip club just outside Horca? Yes. Yes, there was. 
Lucilia Costas, born August 3, 1967. Raised in Horca, Costas lived an uneventful life until her untimely demise. She attended grades K-12 at the generically named Horca Public School. After graduating from high school in 1985, she took a job as the cashier at the local Steal or Deal. Her best friend was Sharon Atwater, a San Luis Obispo local she met at a Madonna concert. 
By all accounts, Lucy became infatuated with one of the male exotic dancers at the Cocks & Tails strip club, a stripper known as Dong Johnson. Dong Johnson was the stage name of Tom Boursin. He wasn’t from Horca, and I couldn’t find anyone who knew many details about the man. He was a popular act at the C&T, for both the younger and the older crowds, both male and female. But in his private life, he kept mostly to himself. 
The Legend of Loose Lucy is the story of a strip club groupie. But Sharon Atwater disagrees with that characterization. According to her, Lucy was not a frequent patron of the seedy strip club until later, subsequent to meeting Tom Boursin. Also according to Sharon, Lucy first encountered Boursin when he stopped by the Steal or Deal shortly after he took employment at the Cocks & Tails. 
“I remember when she first saw him. She called me right after work and said she had just met her future husband,” recalls Sharon. 
Full disclosure: My interview with Sharon Atwater occurred in February 1991 when I was doing research for an unpublished article. Sharon agreed to talk to me in order to clear up any rumors. 
“It’s a small town, so Lucy easily found out where he was staying, where he worked, all that information. She was real excited. Drove out to my house so we could go to the mall together and get done up right. She wanted to look good for him. Like, Madonna good,” Sharon said, citing the popular singer.
“I wasn’t with her the first time she went to the C&T. She didn’t want me with her. I don’t know, maybe she thought I would be competition or something. I think it was maybe her fifth visit or so that I asked if I could go with her. Or she invited me, I can’t remember.
She walked into the club like she owned the place. Like, she had a regular table there already. I remember she knew exactly what time Tom [Dong Johnson] was going to be on stage. She knew almost down to the second.”
What was your impression of Dong Johnson?
“He was good looking, I guess. I mean, if you’re into that sort of thing. I thought he used way too much baby oil.”
Was Lucy obsessed with Dong Johnson?
“Oh yeah. No question about that. She was totally obsessed. I mean, she didn’t even like me looking at him. I went with her a few times just to kind of keep an eye on her and make sure she was okay in such a skeezy place, but then she asked me not to come with her anymore. Said she thought I was falling in love with her man. I mean, can you believe it? He wasn’t her man.”
Was Dong Johnson in love with Lucy?
“No. I think he kind of tolerated her, but that’s it. You could see he would immediately look over at her when he came on stage, and then he would just kind of sigh. I felt bad for him, to be honest. He clearly wasn’t interested in her.”
Did you have any idea Lucy was depressed or suicidal?
“I could tell she was getting discouraged because Tom wasn’t asking her out or encouraging her feelings, but I didn’t think she would take her own life.”
The police report states that while being questioned, you started ranting about vampires, that you thought Dong Johnson was a vampire and that he might have been responsible for her death.
“Look, I was hysterical. I had just found my best friend dead. And now I’m here telling you what happened. That’s what happened. I was emotional. There are certain people out there who will take anything you say and twist it around and use it against you to sully your good reputation.”
Were you on drugs the night of Lucy’s suicide?
“I think this interview is officially over.”
The police report states that Lucy shattered the bathroom mirror, and then took a shard of broken glass and cut her own throat. A suicide note was tucked into her front jeans pocket. All it said was, “Goodbye cruel world.” 
Was it really a suicide, or was someone else responsible for Lucy’s death? The perpetrator could have been anyone. The women’s restroom was frequented by both sexes, and it was often a site of drug use and other illicit activities. The police ruled it a suicide, but Sharon seemed to think otherwise, at least at one time. Regardless, Lucy’s legacy lives on in the form of a macabre urban legend. 
I caught up with Sharon recently to ask her if she had any further revelations about the night Lucy died. She had nothing else to add, except that “the Lord works in mysterious ways.” 
Sharon Atwater is now a devout Born Again Christian. She still resides in San Luis Obispo and no longer frequents strip clubs.
Tom Boursin, a/k/a Dong Johnson, left the C&T shortly after Lucilia Costas’ death. There are rumors that Boursin briefly resurfaced in the early ‘90s as a dancer going by the name of Dong Cruise, only to disappear again. His current whereabouts are unknown.
As for how the legend of Loose Lucy developed and grew into the urban legend it is today, I could not find a source. However, by the time the Cocks & Tails Strip Club closed its doors in late 1991, there was already graffiti scrawled in the girls restroom hinting at what might happen if one were to look in the mirror and say “Loose Lucy” three times in succession. Following the crudely scrawled instructions, I stared into the mirror and solemnly intoned Lucy’s name. Nothing happened. I lived to tell my tale. What happened to the originator of the graffiti? Perhaps only Loose Lucy knows. 
Scattered throughout the article were three pictures. One picture was of a location I was familiar with – the women’s restroom of the C&T. The second picture was of a flashy, well, for lack of a better word, “loose” looking girl. Sort of white trash. With big, teased hair and lots of makeup. The third picture was blurry and out of focus. It was a head shot of a Caucasian man with bleached blond highlights and startlingly white teeth in a toothy smile.
I groaned in disappointment. It looked like the article I was going to write had already been written. Damn. I guess I would be writing about Horca Highway Horror! after all. 
I paid for my tea and then headed home, giving a wide berth to Miss Ferguson’s car on the way out.
I spent the rest of the day fiddling with my Nikon and taking practice pictures around the neighborhood. I only spotted Sharon once. I stared her down as she drove past, feeling defiant and rebellious. 
Later, my aunt and I spent the evening watching horror movies together and eating maple cookies. I was in bed asleep by 11:00, feeling pleasurably exhausted from all the fresh air and exercise.
Chapter 10
Thursday, October 9, 2014 
I woke up the next day with vampires on the brain. There was still lingering doubt in my mind, mostly because I just plain had trouble wrapping my head around it, but for the most part, I was willing to concede that Aidan was a vampire. If vampires existed, perhaps Sharon was correct in believing a vampire had been involved in the death of Loose Lucy. Could that vampire have been Aidan? Was he Dong Johnson?? It was hard to tell what Dong Johnson really looked like from the grainy b&w photo in the article. I studied it again. I could maybe see some similarities between Aidan and the man in the photo. What were the odds of two vampires ending up in small-town Horca? No, really. What were the odds? I had no idea. For all I knew, 50% of the population was a vampire, and I was just now finding out. I rang Aidan, but he didn’t answer. Should I go to his house? Should I take Mark with me? 
I questioned whether it was safe for me to go over there on my own, and I decided I would chance it.
I rose and, since it was almost noon, had an invigorating brunch of raisin bread and butter. Some people will say toast and jam is the way to go, but I am not one of those people. 
My aunt wasn’t in, but she had left a note, “Out getting my hair done. Bob’s coming over for dinner tonight. Should I prepare 2 or 3 dinners?” I took the pen and circled the number 2. She and Bob could have the house to themselves. I would clear out. Maybe go see a movie. I scratched Morgan under the chin while contemplating the day ahead. She purred loudly and then jumped up onto my shoulders. I gently disentangled her and put her on the floor, then got ready to head out.
I tried calling Aidan again on my way over, but he still wasn’t answering his phone. I hoped Sharon hadn’t gotten to him. Or maybe I hoped she did. I wasn’t really sure. If Aidan was Dong Johnson, then all bets were off. 
The security guard to Aidan’s community recognized me as I drove up, and he immediately opened the gate for me. There was no sign of Sharon’s minivan at Aidan’s house. I pulled up next to his bug and got out. The front door opened as I walked up. 
Aidan had a welcoming smile on his face when he opened the door, but the smile quickly faded to a blank look of astonishment, and then he burst out laughing. 
“What’s so funny?” I asked.
He attempted to speak, but dissolved again into peals of laughter. I walked past him into the house, and he slammed the door shut before leaning helplessly against it, giggling uncontrollably. 
“Oh god. Thank you. I needed that,” he said, wiping tears of mirth from his eyes.
“What’s so funny?” I asked again.
That started him off on another fit of laughter. Finally, he was able to gasp out the words, “Dong Johnson.” 
I punched him in the shoulder. “Stop laughing. It’s a reasonable conclusion. There aren’t many other vampires around here.” 
“But that you think--that I could be--” He started laughing again.
He finally got control of himself long enough to offer me a pumpkin beer. I took a long pull on it and then sat down. He was still chuckling, the bastard.
“Well, how common are vampires around here, then?” I asked.
“Not very common.”
“Was Dong Johnson a vampire?”
That set him off again. 
“Will you just answer the question, please?” I said.
“Fine, fine. Just give me a minute.” He took a deep breath and then exhaled slowly. “Sorry. That name still cracks me up. I’m quite flattered you think me Dong Johnson material.”
I saw his face start to crinkle up again, and I smacked him on the arm. “Come on. Pull it together, man.” 
He finally got himself under control.
“Yes,” he said
“Yes, Dong Johnson was a vampire?” 
“Yes.”
I sat back and stared off into space. What the hell was going on in Horca?
“You were supposed to stop reading my thoughts,” I said.
“I did stop reading your thoughts. The Dong Johnson thing just kind of jumped out at me.” He started giggling again.
“Stop it. Tell me about Dong Johnson.”
“What do you want to know?”
“Everything.”
Aidan sighed wearily. “It’s a long story.”
“A long Dong story?” I asked.
Aidan started giggling again. I gave him a severe look to shut him up.
“Start from the beginning,” I said.
“I’ll start in the middle. To start from the beginning would take too long. That’s a story for another time,” Aidan said. “The man you call ‘Dong Johnson’ [giggle] was actually a man called Tom Boursin. Before he was Tom Boursin, he was called Dan Langley. Before he was called Dan Langley, he was called something else. And before that, something else. And so on. For the purposes of this story, I’ll call him Tom. 
Tom was a bit of an egotist. Very narcissistic. He was more of your stereotypical vampire, in that he used his charm and good looks to manipulate and prey on unsuspecting people. I’m not sure his powers of persuasion were anything supernatural, but he definitely made a good con man. And he loved showing off his body. The fact he never aged, always looked physically fit, he reveled in that. That’s why he became a male stripper. When I found him here in Horca, he had a pretty good racket going. He was taking money from old ladies to keep him in the lifestyle he felt he so richly deserved. He was also using his sway over Lucy to feed off of her, both physically and emotionally.”
“Emotionally?” 
“He was a narcissist. He needed the constant ego boosts, or he would get moody.”
“Why didn’t he have the rich stores of money like you have?”
“He ran through his money too fast. It was like water through his hands. He spent it hand over fist.”
“Got it. If he wanted such a lavish lifestyle, why didn’t he get into the movies or something?”
“Too high-profile. Anyway, he was doing pretty well here, but he wanted more. He wanted to move on, but Lucy was proving to be a bit of a problem. Even though he was using her, she had a stranglehold on him that he couldn’t shake. She was needy and clingy, pretty much stalking him. And then she started threatening to expose him as a vampire. It finally came to a head the night she died. There was a confrontation. Things got out of hand. He kept his wits about him and was able to make it look like a suicide, but obviously Sharon saw something.”
“Why didn’t Tom just kill Sharon then?”
“Tom wasn’t a killer.”
“Eh, I think Lucy would disagree.”
“Lucy was an accident. I’m not sure what Tom’s exit strategy was, but he wasn’t planning on killing her. Most of us aren’t murderers. We have consciences. That’s part of why Tom was using Lucy – so that he had a steady supply of blood without having to go out and take it from unwilling strangers.”
“I thought he had the old blue-haireds eating out of the palm of his hand.”
“Old blood isn’t as good as young blood. It’s stale and not as nourishing. Anyway, going back to the story, Sharon was suspicious. But she was also traumatized and guilt-ridden. She was traumatized by Lucy’s violent death, but she and Lucy had argued earlier in the night over Tom. Sharon had a crush on Tom and was envious of Lucy’s relationship with him.” 
“According to Sharon, Lucy didn’t have a relationship with him.”
“Tom did try to keep his relationship with Lucy on the down low, but Sharon definitely knew something was going on between the two of them. So Sharon felt guilty about the argument as well as traumatized by her death. What did that lead to? She started repressing and misremembering some of what happened. The police treated her like she was just a hysterical friend who had an overactive imagination. It didn’t take much for her to start believing that, herself.”
“How do you know all this?”
“I talked to Tom. I talked to the police. I read a few psychology books.”
“You talked to the police?” 
“Not officially. I waved some money around, and I got a pretty good reporting of the events.”
“So Tom admitted to killing Lucy.”
“He didn’t admit to it outright, but I was able to piece things together. He said that she was threatening him and that he wasn’t going to just sit back and take it. Then she was killed.”
“Why were you in Horca?”
“Tom let word get out that he wanted to see me. Kind of through a vampire grapevine. So I came here to see him.”
Hmmm. There’s a vampire grapevine. I would have to revisit that idea later.
“So you two knew each other previously?” 
“Yes. Tom is the vampire who turned me.”
I did a doubletake. “Tom turned you into a vampire?”
“Yes.” 
“I see. What did he want to talk to you about?”
“He wanted money. He knew I had a lot of money, and he felt like I should take care of my papa vampire in his old age.”
“Did you give him money?”
“I gave him some money, yes.”
“Is vampire hunter Sharon the same Sharon who was friends with Lucy?”
“Yep.”
“Okay, so when did Sharon become suspicious of you?”
“After Lucy’s death, both Tom and I cleared out of town. I wasn’t around here long, but Sharon saw me talking to Tom right after Lucy’s death. When I returned earlier this year, Sharon happened to see me. She must have noticed I hadn’t aged at all. She put two and two together, deduced that I, too, was a vampire.”
“Why would you come back here, knowing there was a risk she would see you?”
Aidan shrugged. “Enough years had passed that I didn’t think she would recognize me.”
I felt like he was hiding something from me. 
“Where is Tom now?”
“I’m not sure,” Aidan said evasively. “Tom is much older than me, so he has the ability to block his thoughts and feelings from me.”
“So now what?” I asked.
“So now nothing. Nothing has changed.” 
Except everything had changed. In my new worldview, vampires were everywhere. I pondered this new, strange reality. 
“Oh!” Aidan suddenly exclaimed. “I almost forgot.”
He jumped up excitedly and rushed out of the room, reappearing seconds later with a bankers box. He placed it beside me and then gestured to it with a flourish. I reached in and pulled out an old photo album. Opening it up, I discovered it was full of pictures of Horca. Pictures of a film crew in Horca. I got excited.
“Is this what I think it is?”
“Yes!” Aidan exclaimed triumphantly.
“How did you get these?”
“I have my sources.”
I didn’t really care how he got the photo album. All that mattered was that he had it. And now I had it. I flipped eagerly through the pages, drinking in every image. 
“Why are all the houses red?” I asked.
“It was ar-tis-tic.” Aidan drew out the word “artistic.” “It was a metaphor for all the bloodshed. Or something like that.”
I picked up the next item in the box. It turned out to be a journal by one of the Horca townspeople. Sarah Smalls. Sarah Smalls was chronicling the filming of Horca Highway Horror! I couldn’t believe my good fortune. 
August 3, 1977. The director asked if we would paint the town red. Literally. Many of us scoffed at the idea, but when the talk turned to money, even the most diehard of us began to change our tune. Today, we set to work. Poor Pete Thwaite got almost his entire house done before someone alerted him that it was green instead of red. Nobody ever figured him for colorblind before. I guess that explains his outrageous outfits. We just took him as an eccentric. 
It was a goldmine. I looked up at Aidan. “This is amazing! I can use this?”
He nodded.
“Thank you!” I didn’t know what to say. Then I reined in my excitement. “What do you want in return?”
Aidan looked disappointed. “I don’t want anything in return. I just want to help you.”
I wasn’t sure whether to be skeptical or grateful. I decided to be grateful. “Well, I really appreciate this. These are going to be a huge help.” 
A thought suddenly occurred to me. 
“Wait, were you here in the ‘70s when Horca Highway Horror! was being filmed?”
“Yes, I was here then.”
“And that’s how you have Sarah Smalls’ journal documenting the filming,” I said, certain some of the pieces of the puzzle were coming together.
“Um, no. Sarah left her journal in the archives. I borrowed it from the library a few years ago and didn’t return it.”
“How long were you here in Horca in the ‘70s?” I asked.
“I was here a little while.”
“Why don’t people recognize you now?”
“I wore a disguise when I was here then.”
“You wore a disguise? What kind of a disguise?”
“Dyed my hair, wore glasses, that kind of thing. It’s amazing what a difference a few superficial changes can make.”
I tried to imagine him with different hair and accessories. 
“So you were here in Horca in the ‘70s wearing a disguise, briefly came back in the ‘80s to see Tom when Lucy was murdered, and now you’re here again.”
Aidan nodded.
“Is there some reason you keep coming back to Horca?” I asked.
“Maybe,” he said vaguely. He didn’t elaborate. 
I was pretty certain he was lying or not telling me the whole story. I wished that vampire ESP thing worked both ways so that I could read his mind. Horca was a small town. What was here that kept him coming back? Something to do with Dong Johnson? Some sort of obligation or request?
“You can take everything with you,” he said. “When you’re done, just give them back to the library. They should probably have these in their archives or something.”
“That’s very generous of you,” I said. Teresa would be so pleased.
I took the box and loaded it into my car. I returned to the house where Aidan was waiting inside, away from the sunlight. 
“Thank you again,” I said.
“You’re very welcome.” 
Aidan wanted me to stay for dinner, which I was tempted to do. I still had many questions, but they were all swirling around in my head, and I needed to get my thoughts in order. I felt like all I was doing these days was playing catch up. 
I left Aidan and started to head home before realizing I couldn’t go home. Bob and my aunt were having their date night. Instead, I headed to my old stomping grounds, the Horca Public School. Mark and I had found out years ago that if you hit one of the back doors just right, it would pop open. It took a few tries, but the door popped open for me again. I went in and made my way up to the roof. Our senior year, Mark and I used to come sit up here after school while waiting for the parking lot to empty out. On a clear day, you could almost see to the Pacific Ocean. 
The sun was setting as I looked out. Horca shone in the magic hour light. I stood for a while, gazing out upon my home town. I was feeling nostalgic and a little sad. I waited until just after the sun winked out below the horizon, and then I turned and left.
I was starving, so, feeling the need for some comfort food, I drove to Kandy’s. I took a booth in the back corner and had just ordered a frog pie when Aidan walked in. Our eyes met, and he walked over and sat down. 
“Are you following me again?” I asked.
“No, this is complete coincidence,” he said.
After his past comments about Kandy’s, I knew that wasn’t the truth. There was no way he would come here on his own. 
He ordered a cup of coffee, and then we just sat in silence. 
“So,” Aidan finally said, “How’s it going?”
I laughed. “Not much has changed since the last time I saw you.”
“Ya know, you eat here a lot,” said Aidan. “Like, a lot.”
“I like their frog pie. And I can’t go home right now because my aunt is having a date night with her boyfriend.”
Aidan looked depressed. I reached over and touched his hand.
“Why did you come here tonight?” I asked softly.
“I don’t know. I didn’t feel like being alone.”
I could understand that feeling. I was still reeling from the latest revelations. The world had yet to come back to an even keel. In a time like this, it felt good to be with someone. 
“Do you want to go see a movie with me after dinner?” I asked him, on impulse.
He lit up like a Christmas tree. “Yes.”
We both grinned at each other. 
My frog pie arrived, and I wolfed it down with my usual untamed zeal. Aidan paid the bill, and then we exited the diner. 
I spotted Sharon as soon as I stepped outside. She was standing by my car, looking in through the windshield. She was rooted to the spot, holding a pen and a pad of paper in her hands and staring into my car with a shocked expression on her face. 
“Hey!” I shouted. “Get away from my car!”
She slowly swiveled her gaze over to me, dumbfounded. Then she came to her senses, jumped in her minivan and drove away. I walked over to my car and looked in. The SF Weekly urban legends article was lying face up on my passenger seat. Suddenly, I felt kind of bad for her. I mean, despite everything, she had seen her best friend be attacked and killed by a vampire. No matter how much time passes, no matter how many lies you tell yourself, that’s gotta leave some pretty big scars.
Aidan walked up beside me. “What was she doing?” he asked.
“She must have been looking at the article about Lucy. I have to admit, I feel a little bad for Sharon now.”
Aidan looked perplexed.
“Well, she did see her best friend die,” I said. “I’m not a heartless robot. Carys can empathize with others.”
“No, it’s not that,” said Aidan. “She’s not feeling sadness right now. She’s feeling…something else.”
Oh, that’s right. He can sense her emotions. I guess vampires can be empathetic, too.
“She’s probably feeling scared that I’ve discovered her identity,” I said.
“That’s not it. She is feeling scared right now, but also...angry. Very upset.”
I didn’t know what to say. I rather pitied her now that I knew her story, but I also didn’t like her, so I kind of didn’t really care about whatever new emotions she was feeling at this moment. Aidan, on the other hand, seemed quite intent on decoding these new feelings that had arisen in Sharon. I told him that he could either go home and ponder the great enigma that is Sharon, or he could come out with me to see a movie. He chose to see a movie. 
The local drafthouse was showing classic scary movies for the Halloween season, and we were just in time for A Nightmare on Elm Street. I was relieved we didn’t have to watch a vampire movie. We had a great time. The audience reacted with appropriate levels of surprise and horror at all the right moments. During the part where Freddy was getting beat up by all of Nancy’s booby traps, Aidan leaned over and whispered, “A Nightmare on Elm Street is like the Home Alone of horror movies.” I couldn’t stop laughing at that genius observation. We were definitely having fun, huddled together laughing. It was a double feature, so we sat through the first and second movies in the series. It was around 1:00 a.m. by the time we left. 
I stepped out of the theater and looked around. Aidan bumped into me from behind, causing me to stumble forward. 
“Sorry,” Aidan said.
“Is it just me, or do you run into other people, too?” I asked, slightly exasperated.
“It’s just you,” Aidan mumbled. 
I shoved him gently away.
“Do you want to go get a drink?” Aidan asked. “I’m buying.”
I considered. I had gotten a late start to my day, so I wasn’t even remotely tired yet. 
“Sure. Just watch where you’re stepping.”
We went to the Cornerstone Bar because it was the only place open at that time of night. It was pretty vacant, the few patrons already there apparent long-time regulars stopping in after a late-night work shift. I ordered a whiskey, and Aidan got a beer.
A question about Mark’s alcoholic vampire character suddenly occurred to me. 
“Let me ask you something. If a vampire feeds on an intoxicated person, will the vampire feel the alcohol?”
“No. Vampires can’t get drunk. Our bodies do an excellent job of flushing out toxins. I’m only drinking this beer for show. It has no effect on me whatsoever.”
“That’s a little sad.”
“Yeah, it is. Wait a second,” Aidan said. “I just realized why Mark looked familiar to me. Did he write a book called Type A for Alcohol?”
“Yes, he wrote that. You’ve read it?”
Aidan made a face. “I have. Actually, the writing itself was pretty good. It kept me going until the end. He clearly knows nothing about vampires, though.”
“Not many people do,” I reminded him.
Bob Dylan came on the jukebox, and Aidan perked up. He seemed lost in the music, so I reached over and tapped him on the hand. 
“You like Dylan?” I asked.
“I do. Do you?”
“I like some of his music, but I haven’t listened to much of his stuff.”
“He’s an amazing songwriter. You should look at the lyrics to some of his songs.”
We drank and talked about music for a while, and then movies. And then, before we knew it, the lights flickered on and off to signal the bar was closing. I stumbled outside, Aidan helping me to keep upright. 
“You’re in no shape to drive home,” he said as he led me over to his Beetle.
“What about my car?” I asked.
“Don’t worry about it,” he said. “I’ll take care of it.”
He told me several corny jokes as he drove me home. I couldn’t stop giggling. He was really quite cute. He pulled up in front of my aunt’s house and then came around to help me out of the car. I leaned heavily on him as he walked me to the door. After numerous unsuccessful attempts to thread the key into the lock, I handed it over to him, and he unlocked the door for me. 
“Are you okay?” he whispered. “Don’t forget to lock the door once you get inside.”
I giggled and threw my arms around his neck. He stumbled back a little and then put his arms around me to steady himself. I leaned forward, and suddenly we were kissing. There was no thought, only sensation. I forgot about vampires, about suicides, about Sharon, even about Mark. His mouth was on mine, and he was kissing me back, and the entire rest of the world disappeared. It seemed to last forever. I was pretty drunk at the time, but I remembered the kiss afterward. I also remembered Aidan gently pushing me away and extricating himself from my arms. 
“Carys, we can’t do this right now. You’re drunk.”
“I’m not drunk,” I slurred.
“Yes, you are. And you need to go inside, lock up, and then get into bed and dream sweet dreams about me. We can continue this tomorrow.”
I tried to put my arms around him again, but he just turned me around and propelled me through the door. He peeked his head inside, looked around, and then scooped me up and carried me in, where I pointed the way to my bedroom. I started to feel a little nauseous. He laid me down on my bed, took off my shoes, and then grabbed a wastebasket and placed it near my head. 
He leaned down and gave me a soft kiss on my forehead.
“Good night, Carys. Pleasant dreams.”
He walked out, and I heard the key turn in the front door lock as he left. Then I passed out asleep.
That whore! I see her in there with the vampire. They have no shame, sitting out here in public amongst god-fearing people. I will make them pay for what they did to Lucy. Where’s my notepad? I’m going to leave her a dickens of a note! 
Wait a second. Oh my god. Oh my god. Ohmygodohmygodohmygodohmygod. How did I not see this before? 
AH! The whore! I have to go. I have to think about this. Oh my god. I can’t believe it’s him.
Chapter 11
Friday, October 10, 2014 
I woke late the next morning with a raging hangover. I pretty much fell out of bed and stumbled over Morgan as I made my way into the kitchen for some water. Morgan, who had been sleeping peacefully right outside my door before I almost stepped on her, gave me a baleful glare and then got up and padded over to the window to lie down in the sun, her tail swishing at me in admonition. I staggered back to bed, determined not to emerge again for quite some time. But then the events of the night came back to me. First – the kiss. I decided to put that memory away and savor it at a later time, after my initial humiliation wore off, that is. Second – my car. I needed to go pick my car up from the bar. There was no way that was happening any time soon, though.
My cell phone pinged as I received a text. It was from Aidan.
“Your car has been returned. Your house key is under the front door mat. Dinner tonight?”
I looked out the window. My car was sitting in the driveway. I wondered how he got it here.
“Thanks,” I texted back. “You’re a gentleman and a scholar. Not sure if I’ll be resurrected from the dead in time for dinner, though. Will you take a raincheck?”
My phone pinged. “Will accept a raincheck for tonight. Dinner tomorrow?”
“Dinner tomorrow sounds great,” I texted him.
Then I went back to bed.
I woke again around early afternoon. I could hear my aunt puttering around in the house, and I pulled my pillow over my head. I really didn’t want to socialize right now. Then my phone rang. It was Mark. Oh crap.
I let it go to voicemail. I was feeling major guilt over my kiss with Aidan. Then again, nothing ever happened between Mark and me. I was free to pursue any relationship I wanted with any other guy. Or so I told myself. I still felt guilty. 
I lounged around in bed for about an hour, only emerging long enough to grab some sourdough bread and butter for sustenance. My aunt poked her head in the door to see if I was feeling okay. I told her the whiskey had flowed a little too freely last night. She refilled my glass with water and then left me alone. She’s so wonderful.
---------------------------------
At 4:00, in between watching old reruns of The X-Files, I listened to Mark’s voicemail. “Hey, Carys. Just checking in. Give me a call.”
I called him back.
He answered almost immediately. “Ahoy ahoy.”
“Hola,” I said. “What’s the haps?”
“I’m having dinner with my mom tonight. Thought you might like to join us.”
Mark’s mom, Olivia, lived about 30 miles up the coast in Big Sur. I hadn’t seen her since Mark and I were in high school. She was a very cool mom. Very artsy and in touch with her feelings without being a flake. I always felt more calm and centered just by being around her. I would have loved to see her again. 
“What time are you heading over?” I asked.
“Probably leave here in about an hour.”
My head was feeling much better, and suddenly I greatly wanted to see Olivia. I could do with a dose of her soothing nature.
“I’ll meet you at your place in 50 minutes,” I said.
“I can pick you up,” Mark said. “No problem.”
“Alright. Cool. See you in an hour.”
“It’s a date,” Mark said.
---------------------------------
I had your typical awkward teenage phase growing up, but mine lasted all through college as well. To put it bluntly, I didn’t go on many dates. I had a boyfriend my senior year of high school, but it wasn’t anything serious. We broke up our freshman years of college after trying the long-distance thing. Then I was in a serious relationship for a couple of years with Bradley Hoffs. He was a graduate student at UC-Berkeley, and he broke up with me shortly after I graduated from college. He said he was in love with me but that I wasn’t invested in the relationship as much as he was. I had to admit that he was right. I cried myself to sleep for several nights after that, but not because I was missing him, mainly because I was afraid I was going to die old and alone. After that, I went on the occasional date here and there, but nothing major. 
That’s why I was so disoriented to find myself in my current situation - apparently dating two guys at the same time. In the life of Carys Reilly, such a thing was absolutely unprecedented. And I didn’t like it. I already felt guilty about kissing Aidan, like I was betraying Mark. Now I was going on a date with Mark and feeling like I was betraying Aidan. After tonight, I had a lot of thinking to do. After tonight.
The drive up to Olivia’s house was scenic and pleasant. We took Highway 1, winding along the coast, sandwiched between the big, flat Pacific on Mark’s side and the steep hills on mine. The sun was setting, and the views were spectacular. Sedona kept pacing the back seat, going from one window to the other to look out.
I was feeling happy and relaxed when we pulled up to Olivia’s bungalow. Sedona jumped out of the car, tail wagging in anticipation. Olivia came gliding out of her door to greet us. She always wore flowing robes and lots of clunky jewelry. Tonight she looked a little like Stevie Nicks. She gave Sedona a treat and a scratch behind the ears and then came over and embraced me, wrapping me in her arms and holding me tightly. I felt soothed and comforted already. 
“I was so happy when I heard you were coming with Mark tonight,” she said. 
She stood back and held me at arms’ length, looking me up and down. She nodded in approval. Then she pulled me close for a quick hug, giving me a peck on the cheek before turning to Mark and giving him a hug.
“You need to come visit more often, son,” she said.
“I know.”
“But I can see why you would hide away in Horca with this little lady.” She winked at me. I blushed. 
Olivia grabbed both of our hands and pulled us toward the door.
“I hope you like to drink. The Drink of the Night is the John Daly. I saw it in a magazine. Sweet tea, lemonade and vodka. I have copious amounts of all. And we have a few card games to choose from. Oh, and, Mark, honey, I made your favorite. Lasagna.”
I heard his stomach rumble in response. I grinned. It was going to be a good night.
---------------------------------
I was right – it was a good night. The lasagna was terrific. The drinks were divine. The company was outstanding. Olivia was such a hoot. She had a radiant energy that flowed about her and caught you up so that soon you, too, were overflowing with happiness and positivity. Yet it wasn’t a hectic energy. She was like a shot of B12 in my arm. And Mark was hilarious. He could crack me up with just a look or a gesture. I forgot how easy it was to talk to him, too. And with Olivia, our conversation covered the gamut from nuclear weapons to environmental concerns to raunchy bathroom humor. All while playing a spirited game of UNO. I was sorry when the night ended. 
The John Daly was delicious, but I stopped after only a couple of weak ones. I couldn’t forget my hangover from earlier. Mark, on the other hand, was a little sloshy by the time we left, so I drove us home in his car. We were passing through San Simeon, and he was singing along loudly to the Rolling Stones when he abruptly stopped and turned to me.
“You know, I had a crush on you in high school,” he said.
“What?” I turned down the radio. “You had a crush on me? In high school?” I asked in disbelief.
“Yeah. But you were going out with what’s-his-name. Germy.”
“Jeremy. Jeremy Halstead.”
“Yeah, that’s the guy.”
“I didn’t start dating Jeremy until senior year. And that was after you started dating Emma.”
“No, you were already dating Germy when I met you.”
“No, I wasn’t. Germy, I mean Jeremy, and I were friends, but that was it. It wasn’t until senior year that we dated.”
Mark sat up straighter in his seat.
“But Emma told me--.” He sighed. “Emma told me you two were dating. When I first moved here, Emma told me you and Jeremy were a couple.”
“I don’t know why she would tell you that because it wasn’t true. Jeremy and I were good friends, but that was it. You and I were actually better friends than me and Jeremy were. So…,” I trailed off.
“So there would be no reason for Emma to have thought you guys were dating then,” Mark finished. “She lied.”
My heart beat faster. I couldn’t believe Mark had had a crush on me in high school. Unbelievable! My face flushed red with anger as I realized the only reason Emma would have lied. She wanted Mark for herself. Apparently, Emma wasn’t the nice, awesomely amazing person I thought she was.
“When did all this go down?” I asked.
“Shortly after I moved here. Remember - you and I were lab partners until you got sick and were out a couple weeks. Emma became my new lab partner because hers moved away or something. I was going to take you your assignments so you wouldn’t fall behind. Emma said I needn’t bother because your boyfriend would take you your homework. I asked who your boyfriend was, and she said it was Jeremy.”
Emma had just moved to Number 2 on my list, right after Sharon. I couldn’t believe I had actually admired her! I wanted to punch her in the face. But I took a deep breath and slowly let it out. I pulled up to my aunt’s house, noticed that her car was gone, and parked in the driveway. 
“That was total bullshit. She knew Jeremy and I weren’t going out.”
“Well, maybe she picked up on some sort of connection between you two. I mean, you did end up dating each other, after all,” Mark pointed out.
“That was more of a relationship of convenience so we had dates to parties and school events. You and I had a better relationship than me and Jeremy!” I retorted. 
We got out of the car. I wasn’t sure what to say. It had been many years since high school, but I was pretty angry right now about Emma’s betrayal. I wondered where things would be now if Emma had never lied. Maybe Mark and I would be together now, possibly even married. Or maybe we would have been too immature for a relationship then, and we would have broken up and never spoken to each other again. There was no way of knowing. All I knew was that Emma had cheated us of the opportunity to find out. Until now. Maybe. 
Mark was making his way around the car to the driver’s side. Was he planning on driving?
“Whoa, there. You’re still in no shape to drive home,” I said. I should have dropped him off at his house, but I was too distracted thinking about the latest revelations. “You can sleep here, or I can drive you home, and we can work out the car situation tomorrow. Which do you want?”
Mark seemed a little sad. He looked at me with puppy dog eyes. “Can you drive me home?” 
We got in my car, and I drove him home. His newly restored window shone in the light from the streetlamp. 
“I forgot to ask Aidan about reimbursing you for the window. I’ll do that tomorrow,” I said. “Sleep well.” 
“Good night,” he replied.
I watched Mark as he walked up and unlocked the front door, made sure he and Sedona got in okay, and then I headed home. 
I pulled up to my aunt’s house and saw that her car was still gone. She must have been at Bob’s for the night. I unlocked the front door and then paused, the fine hairs on the back of my neck raised. I turned suddenly, convinced someone would be standing right behind me, but there was no one. Still, I couldn’t shake the feeling that I was being watched. I didn’t see Sharon’s minivan anywhere, though. I stepped inside and locked the door, making a mental note to start carrying a can of pepper spray with me at all times.
My aunt had left a note on the kitchen table telling me she was spending the night at Bob’s and to call her if I needed anything. She had been to the store and re-upped supplies of orange juice, chicken soup and bread and butter. I poured myself a glass of OJ and then went to my bedroom. I stepped inside, flicked on the light switch and then stopped dead in my tracks. My room looked like a tornado had hit it. My mattress was overturned, my desk drawers pulled out and emptied, everything was flung about in disarray. There was a terrible fecal odor permeating the room. On the dresser mirror was written, “Stay away from him” in a dark substance I didn’t want to look at too closely. I quickly backtracked and went back outside. I fumbled for my cell phone and then realized I was still holding the glass of orange juice. I dumped the contents and put the glass down on the sidewalk. Then I called the cops. 
They showed up fairly quickly for a Friday night. I quickly described the situation, and they went in to take a look. My bedroom window had been smashed in, giving access to the perpetrator. My mattress had been slashed, and my clothes lay trampled on the ground. Morgan’s litterbox had been dumped on the floor and scattered about. There was a big pile of cat feces by my dresser, which had apparently been used to smear the words on my mirror. There were also big brown smears on my walls. The cops asked if I knew what the words meant and if anyone would have reason to target me. I gave them an abbreviated and highly edited history of my run-ins with Sharon. I told them that I was friends with a guy of whom she did not approve. The cops seemed to think it was a lovers’ quarrel, and I did not disabuse them of this notion. As there was nothing linking Sharon to the crime scene, they couldn’t do much, but they promised to keep an eye out for her. 
I found Morgan cowering under my aunt’s bed, the hairs on her back raised. She hissed and swatted at me when I attempted to coax her out. I retrieved and refilled the litterbox and then closed my bedroom door to keep Morgan out. I filled her food and water dishes, and then I locked up the house for the night. I was exhausted, but I didn’t want to sleep in that house. Unfortunately, I couldn’t think of anywhere I could go at this late hour, and I didn’t want to impose on Bob and my aunt. I ended up getting a room at the Horca Motor Lodge right down the road. I texted my aunt to call me before she went home, and then I hit the sheets.
Chapter 12
Saturday, October 11, 2014 
I had trouble sleeping on the hard, unfamiliar bed. The pillows were flat, and the room was too hot. I couldn’t get comfortable. I kept waking during the night, scared and angry about my bedroom, angry at Emma, confused about Mark and about Aidan, wondering about Sharon and Lucy and the rest of the crazy cast of characters peopling my recent dreams. 
Sharon’s actions were definitely graduating to a whole new, disgusting level. I wasn’t going to stand for it. But what could I do? 
As I continued to toss and turn throughout the night, another thought kept me awake. Did I want Mark, or did I want Aidan? Perhaps I owed it to past-Carys and past-Mark to see what could have been. Or maybe I didn’t want to risk our friendship now. I buried my head in my pillow and groaned. I had too many hard questions and no easy answers.
I got out of bed around 7:00 a.m., having given up on sleep. I wanted to hightail it out of town to get some distance from everything, but of course I had to deal with my bedroom. Plus, I had to stick around so I could help Mark retrieve his car. 
My aunt called around 8:30 a.m. I told her what happened, and she naturally freaked out. 
“Oh my god! I’m just glad neither of us was there. Was anything else vandalized?”
“No, just my bedroom.”
“And you think this Sharon woman did it? I didn’t even know you had a friend named Aidan.”
“I just met him. And I can’t think of anyone else who would do this. It has to be Sharon.”
“Well, can’t the cops pull her in for questioning or something?”
“I got the impression the cops weren’t too interested in dealing with this.”
“Well, that’s just crazy. I’ll talk to Bob and see what he thinks.”
“Okay. I’ll meet you at the house in a few minutes. Don’t go in without me.”
I hung up and checked out of the motel, then headed home. I pulled into the driveway right before my aunt. She pulled out a canister of pepper spray as we walked up to the front door. 
I cautiously unlocked the door and flung it open. I peeked my head around the doorframe to peer inside. It was just as I had left it. There was no sign of any further intrusion. I walked in and turned on the lights while my aunt opened up the curtains to let the sunlight in. We inspected each room before converging at my bedroom door. Morgan followed us around tentatively until I put my hand on the bedroom door handle. Then she arched her back and hissed before fleeing for the safety of my aunt’s bedroom again.
“Aunt Jenny, this isn’t pleasant. It reeks pretty bad.”
“I’ll be okay,” she assured me. 
I opened the door, and we both stood and looked inside at the mess. In the glaring light of day, it looked even worse than I remembered it. My aunt put her arm around me and gave me a quick squeeze. Then she sighed and went into the kitchen to get some gloves, garbage bags, and cleaning supplies. I changed into one of her old t-shirts, tied up my hair, and we set to work. 
I called Aidan around lunchtime to let him know about Sharon’s latest visit. He was livid. 
“She’s really crossed a line this time,” he said. “I swear, she better not show her face again. But if she does, I’ll definitely have something to say to her.” 
“If she comes around here again, I’m calling the cops,” I said. 
Aidan offered to pay for my window. I thought about it and decided to take him up on his offer. I also reminded him that he needed to pay for Mark’s window. He told me to produce an invoice, and he would pony up the money. We rescheduled our dinner for the next day, and then I called someone to come out and replace my window. Afterward, I made a call to a home security company in San Luis Obispo. I wasn’t taking any chances. 
The rest of the day was spent cleaning, laundering, and then shopping in nearby Paso Robles for a new mattress and various other items that had been destroyed. Sharon was really causing my credit card purchases to go way, way up. 
Mark called just as I returned home from shopping. 
I gave him the lowdown on Sharon’s latest exploits. He was angry and concerned. I assured him the cops were now on the lookout for her, then I offered to pick him up. 
“If you’re up for it, I can come by now,” I said
“Sure. See you soon.”
He was waiting outside for me when I pulled up at his house. He looked like death warmed over. 
“You gonna be alright?” I asked.
“Oh yeah. I’m a raging alcoholic. This is nothing compared to how I usually am.”
I looked at him.
“Just kidding,” he said. “I don’t get drunk that often, so yeah, I’m not feeling too great right now. But I promise I’ll be better tomorrow when we get together.”
“Are we getting together tomorrow?” I asked in surprise.
“Yes. I just made the executive decision while I was waiting for you. You’re coming over. We’re going to play Trivial Pursuit and eat pizza. Much fun will be had by all.”
“What time is all this fun going to go down?” I asked as I pulled into my driveway.
“Say, 5:00?”
“How about Monday instead?” I suggested. Monday was two days away.
“Works for me.”
He leaned over and gave me a quick peck on the corner of my mouth. Then he jumped in his car and drove off. I stared after him, unsure of what to think.
Chapter 13
Sunday, October 12, 2014 
The following morning found me sitting on the sofa with Morgan watching TV. I tore off a hunk of cheese bread and munched on it while flipping through the channels. Lately, I found myself incredibly unmotivated, even on the article I was planning to write. Then again, I had a lot going on right now. Still, I felt like I should be more proactive with my life. 
I hauled myself up off the sofa and headed into the Herald offices to check the messages. Bob Shaw was there, gearing up early to cover a wedding. There wasn’t much to write about on these local weddings, so I highly suspected he just covered them to get some free wedding reception food. 
We exchanged pleasantries, and then he headed out to run a few errands before the big event. I decided to grab some breakfast at The Tangy Biscuit. Sausage gravy and biscuits with some scrambled eggs. After chowing down, I sipped on some coffee while reading the San Luis Obispo Tribune. I stayed longer than I should have and finally left after noticing the line of patrons forming at the door, waiting for an open table. 
It was turning out to be a beautiful day, so I drove up to Lake Pohannon and hiked around the lake, enjoying the sunshine. No sign of the Platypus Man.
I headed back home around noon. Aidan’s box of memorabilia was still in my car, so I lugged it inside and deposited it in my room. My aunt was at the kitchen table eating lunch and watching John Carpenter’s The Thing. 
“How can you eat while watching that?” I asked.
She shrugged, her mouth full of rare roast beef. 
I sat down and watched the rest of the movie with her. When it was over, I asked her how things were going with Bob Shaw.
“Things are going well. He’s such a gentleman,” she said. 
“I saw him at the Herald earlier. He was going to a wedding.”
“The Engles-Whisnant wedding. He invited me to go, but I declined. We’re going to the Golden Goose tonight, so I won’t be here for dinner.”
“That’s okay. I won’t be here, either.”
“You and Mark are spending quite a lot of time together.”
“I’m not seeing Mark tonight.”
“Oh?” My aunt raised her eyebrow at me questioningly.
“Just Aidan. Just friends.”
My aunt continued to look at me inquiringly. I stared back and didn’t say anything.
“Okay, okay. I won’t pry,” she said. She got up to wash her plate. I took the opportunity to slip out of the room, not wanting to answer any questions.
I went in my bedroom and opened up the windows to get some fresh air flowing. Then I lay down for a nap.
Waking up a couple hours later, I checked my phone and saw that Aidan had texted me, “Still on for tonight?”
I texted him back asking what time I should come over. We agreed on 6:30. I was feeling groggy, so I turned on the TV and lounged around until it was time to get up and get ready.
I got to Aidan’s house promptly at 6:30. He had decorated the outside of the house in a vampire theme for Halloween. Awesome. 
Aidan greeted me at the door with a bourbon cocktail. I was certainly drinking a lot lately. But the cocktail was delicious. For dinner, he grilled steaks with baked potatoes and sautéed vegetables.
“Everything’s superb. You certainly know how to spoil a girl,” I said.
“I’m glad you enjoyed dinner. You deserve to be spoiled, especially after last night.”
He smiled at me, and my heart skipped a beat. He poured us some wine, and then we went into the living room and sat on the couch. Aidan turned on the TV and scrolled through our movie options. There were quite a number of vampire movies, which Aidan sneered at with contempt. 
“Absolute drivel!” he proclaimed. 
We finally settled on another classic John Carpenter movie, Halloween. About halfway through the movie, I realized Aidan’s arm was around my shoulders. I snuggled up against him, and my eyes started drooping. The next thing I knew, Aidan was shaking me gently.
“Hey. Carys. Wake up.”
I couldn’t believe I fell asleep. 
“I had a great time, Aidan, but I think I’ll head home. I don’t know why I’m so tired.” 
“Are you okay to drive home?”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll be fine driving home. I’m just looking forward to getting home and into bed.”
“Well, if you’re sure….”
I tried not to notice the look of disappointment on Aidan’s face as he walked me to my car.
“Are you sure you’re okay to drive home?”
“Yeah. I’m really sorry to cut the night short like this. But look, we do need to talk soon. I haven’t seen Sharon lately, but I’m sure she’s lurking about somewhere.”
“Don’t worry about Sharon.”
“Easier said than done.”
“Seriously, don’t worry about her. I’ll take care of her,” Aidan assured me. “Just text me when you get home.”
I gave him a quick hug and then drove home. Again, as I stood at my front door, I had the sensation that I was being watched. I turned and scanned my surroundings, but I didn’t see anything out of the ordinary. I reminded myself that I definitely needed to start carrying that pepper spray. 
I went inside and texted Aidan to let him know I got home okay, then I undressed and crawled into bed, asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.
Chapter 14
Monday, October 13, 2014 
The next morning, I slept in late. I finally woke up around 11:00 a.m., staggered into the bathroom, and promptly threw up. I ached all over and was shaking with chills. I found the thermometer and took my temperature. I had a fever of 102.5. I took some ibuprofen, drank a tall glass of water and then climbed back into bed and went to sleep. 
My aunt checked on me around noon.
“Oh, honey. You look terrible.”
“Thanks,” I croaked. 
She put a cool hand on my forehead and told me I was a little warm.
“I took a pill. I think my fever has gone down some.”
“Can I get you anything?”
“No, thanks.”
“Okay, well, call for me if you need anything.”
I went back to sleep. Woke up later, vomited again, and texted Mark that we would have to postpone our Trivial Pursuit tournament. He asked if I needed anything. I told him I needed a new body. He texted back that he liked the body I had and that he would be very disappointed if I got a new one. That brought a smile to my face. He also told me to feel better soon and to get my strength up because I was going to need it when he whooped me at Trivial Pursuit. 
I napped a bit longer and then dragged myself out of bed and ventured into the kitchen. My aunt had lined up chicken soup, Gatorade and a couple loaves of white bread on the counter. I nibbled on a slice of bread, took another med, and then went back to sleep. My aunt came to check on me around dinner time. I told her I was a little hungry, so she went to heat up some chicken soup for me. She brought it in and handed it to me, and that’s when I noticed the diamond ring sparkling on her left hand.
“What’s that?” I asked, pointing to the ring.
“I was going to wait until you were better to tell you. Bob asked me to marry him!” My aunt was glowing with joy. 
I put the bowl of soup down and hugged her.
“I’m so happy for you guys! Did you have any idea he was going to propose?”
“No. I had no idea at all. It was so romantic. We had dinner at the Golden Goose, and then we went walking around Lake Gifford. The Chinese pagoda had all these lights strung up, and we stopped there to look out at the lake. Then Bob got down on his knee, pulled out the ring, and asked me to marry him.”
“Oh, that’s so exciting!” I gushed.
“We’ll talk about it more when you’re feeling better. We have so much to plan!” She giggled like a little girl. Then she kissed my forehead and left. 
I was in a daze. I wasn’t lying when I said I was happy for her, but where did that leave me? Was she going to move in with Bob? Or would Bob move in here with her? Either way, I’m pretty sure I was going to have to find my own place to live. I would think about that later, I guess. I ate the chicken soup slowly. I started feeling nauseous again, but I didn’t throw it up. I went back to sleep and slept fitfully through the night.
Chapter 15
Tuesday, October 14, 2014 
The next morning, I woke up feeling much better. I still felt tired and rundown, but I was definitely feeling more like myself. I decided today was the day to sit down and go through the Platypus Man box at the library. When I got there, Teresa was bustling about and being productive, but she greeted me with enthusiasm and inquired how things were coming along. We chatted a bit, then she wished me luck and left me to my research. I pulled out Constance Dogooder’s journal, hoping for more information about the elusive beast. 
October 8, 1889. Another sighting of the shaking beast. James Cooper claims he saw it late last night as he was returning home from his mother’s. This morning, old Ben Wyatt’s sheep were found like all the others, drained of their blood. I pray the good lord watches over me and shields me from harm. I pray the lord watches over Zachariah as well. He scoffs at the tales of the beast, saying they are but Jack Cooper’s mother roaming the countryside. ‘Tis true her head and hands shake with the palsy, but she is not supping from the sheep ‘til they are bled dry. I pray Zachariah repents of his bad ways and stops telling such tales, even in jest.
October 15, 1889. Yet another sighting of the strange shaking creature they’re calling the Palsied Platypus Man of Pohannon. Jakob Groot claims he saw the Shivery Beast and that it has a beak like a duck, a tail like a beaver, and is as big as a man. E.W. Lyman stood up before the townspeople and publicly denounced Jakob Groot as a befuddled fabulist. They almost came to blows. Jakob produced a couple red hairs, which he claimed were shed by the Beast. There was much speculation, as the hairs appeared to match the brazen crimson color of Zachariah’s head. Zachariah then accused Jakob of stealing those hairs from him as he slept. The townspeople were most vexed by this disturbing turn of events. Of course it is all nonsense! But I fear there is unrest on the horizon. 
When I got home from the town meeting, I found a horrible present on my doorstep - Dorothy Flannigan’s dog, Joe, had been left before my door, dead. I dragged it away behind the house. I will tell her tomorrow. She will be so distraught! This is twice now in the past couple of weeks that a dead animal has dragged itself to my door. What does it mean?? I shall retire for the night and hope the good Lord grants me clarity in these trying times. If nothing else, I shall wake up tomorrow, and it shall be a brand new day!
October 16, 1889. Zachariah came a-courtin’ again. It has been many weeks now that we have sat together. Tonight, we sat on the porch swing and looked at the stars. Of course, we talked of the Beast. Zachariah assured me I had nothing to worry about. I feel such safety in his presence. It was quite cool out, and Zachariah showed great concern that I would get a chill. He is such a gallant, my gentleman caller! 
October 18, 1889. Jakob Groot has disappeared. James Cooper says that he saw Jakob Groot pass by two days ago, that he was intent on finding and killing the Shivery Beast to prove himself. James says that Jakob was in a most distressed state. I pray for poor Jakob’s soul. 
I, too, am quite wroth. I came home from Rebekah’s to find another dead animal on my doorstep. Three is too many for coincidence. I no longer believe the animals dragged themselves to me. Instead, I believe they are being left there for me, but to what end? I am unsure. But, as I like to think, we will wake up tomorrow, and it will be a brand new day.
October 21, 1889. Zachariah came by tonight. I prepared supper for him for the first time, a succulent duck, but he barely touched it. I believe he is concerned about the latest news. The townspeople are all fools. If only we could leave Horca together! I can only pray the good Lord watches over us. I am not at all tired after our visit. I shall sketch a picture of my Zachariah. He soothes my jangled nerves so.
[following, was a surprisingly good pencil sketch of a young man who I assumed was Zachariah]
October 22, 1889. Johann Groot found a note from his brother, Jakob, claiming that Zachariah is the Shivery Beast! I know not what to think, but the townspeople are growing suspicious. They move about only in groups, now, I’ve noticed. Never alone. Except for Zachariah. He is always alone now.
October 24, 1889. I was surprised when Zachariah knocked on my door. I warned him that it was not safe for him to be about at this late hour. But he insisted on seeing me. I dare not record what he has shared with me, for it is too dangerous. Oh, how my heart breaks! Yet I cannot turn my back on him. No matter what, I know Zachariah to be a good man. What am I to do?
October 25, 1889. There was another meeting at the town hall tonight. Everyone attended, except for Zachariah. There was much finger-pointing and much speculation, but no common sense. I fear for Zachariah’s safety. I shall wake up tomorrow, and it shall be a brand new day. That is the only hope I have with which to console myself.
October 30, 1889. It has been many days now since Zachariah has disappeared. I pray I did the right thing by warning him. 
October 31, 1889. I have sealed my fate. God have mercy on my soul.
Constance’s diary entries ended there. 
I went through the rest of the box. There were quite a few newspaper articles that featured some fine writing about the mythical beast, but I didn’t find anything to match Constance’s journals. Besides, I already knew to go straight to the source – the Palsied Platypus Man, himself.
I didn’t call Aidan to let him know I was coming, but of course, I didn’t have to. He opened his front door as I pulled up. 
“What’s shakin’, Platypus Man?” I said. 
“Pun intended?” he asked.
I walked past him into the house. I sauntered into the kitchen and opened the fridge to grab a beer. Two whole shelves were filled with my pumpkin beer. The other shelves were taken up with bags of blood. O positive. I twisted off the top of my beer and took a long swallow. Aidan came in and stood with his arms crossed, looking at me in silence. 
“How old are you?” I asked.
“350 years old, give or take,” Aidan replied.
“What other names do you go by?”
“Isaiah, Daniel, Zachariah, a few others. Those are the most recent.”
“Did you kill Jakob Groot?”
“Jakob Groot tripped and fell on his own knife. I merely finished him off.”
“Did you kill Constance Dogooder?”
“No. Constance was my friend.”
“What happened to her?”
“To the best of my knowledge, she ran off to St. Louis, married a banker, and pooped out a bunch of babies.”
“That’s a very charming turn of phrase.” 
“I just tell it like it is. How did you know I was the Platypus Man?”
“Constance drew a picture of you in her journal. And the Platypus Man had red hair. It wasn’t that big of a stretch to put two and two together.”
“Ah. I see.”
“Why were you following me?” I asked.
Aidan hesitated. 
“Might as well just tell me,” I said.
He scowled at me. “My life is not an open book for your enjoyment.”
“Come on.”
Silence.
“I was curious about you. I am -- I was -- acquainted with your aunt,” he said softly.
My jaw dropped open.
“What do you mean, ‘acquainted’?” I asked. 
“Did you look through Sarah Smalls’ journals?” he asked.
Sarah Smalls had the journals documenting the filming of Horca Highway Horror! I had not yet gone through them.
“No,” I admitted.
“You will find your answers there.”
“Just tell me now,” I said. 
Aidan sighed and looked up at the ceiling. 
“Your aunt and I….well, we were involved.”
“Oh god.”
“You asked,” Aidan said. “I loved your aunt, but she chose another man over me. I left Horca hoping for a fresh start, but I found my way back and discovered you. Like I said, there is a connection between us, as I’m able to hear your thoughts. That connection might have arisen because of the emotional bond I had with your aunt. I’m not entirely sure.”
I was a little grossed out. He had an affair with my aunt, and now he could hear my thoughts. I came here hoping to validate my theory that Aidan was Zachariah. Instead, I validated my original theory that Aidan was a sick perv. 
“I’m not a sick perv,” Aidan insisted.
I didn’t know what to say. Apparently, I was going to need some more time to let all this new information soak in.
“Take all the time you need,” Aidan said.
“Stop doing that,” I said.
Aidan looked guiltily at me. 
“I’m going to go now. I’ll give you a call later,” I said. I turned to leave, Aidan moving to follow, when he walked straight into the back of me yet again. I didn’t even say anything this time. I just kept moving, out the door and to my car.
To be honest, I didn’t dwell for long on the latest revelations. At this point, the weird and the odd were becoming the usual and the mundane. I drove out to Lake Pohannon to hike around a bit and clear my head. I couldn’t help but laugh at the image of Aidan as a Palsied Platypus Man. I would have to ask him why the hell he even chose to do that. He was a strange guy.
I returned home and called Mark to chat about more normal stuff. I told him I was feeling better, and we made plans to get together the following day. 
Chapter 16
Wednesday, October 15, 2014
I woke up, stepped outside to grab the newspaper, and saw that my tires had been slashed and my car vandalized with graffiti. Like last time, the words, “Stay away from him” were spray painted all over my car, even overlapping several times. There were also long angry gashes all over the body, deep into the paint and metal. One of the back windows was shattered. Looking inside, I saw that the seats had been shredded up. I was PISSED. Sharon better have a big bank account because she was going to compensate me for all my pain and suffering. 
I went inside and called the cops. Unfortunately, the same two as before came out. They still seemed to be laboring under the impression this whole thing was a love triangle gone wrong. They didn’t take it seriously. They promised again to keep an eye out for Sharon, but I wasn’t holding out any hope. I hadn’t seen her in quite some time now, since Kandy’s diner, but obviously she was still lurking around. 
I called Aidan to complain, but he didn’t answer his phone, so I called Mark. Mark was sympathetic to my plight. He was also puzzled by the latest events.
“It just seems so weird, you know? She went from leaving threatening little sticky notes with hearts and smiley faces to vandalizing and destroying.”
“She’s a psycho hose beast!” I yelled.
“What I mean is that the vandalism and the recent incidents seem more rage-fueled and malicious than what we’re used to from Sharon.”
“You think it’s someone else?” I asked.
“Who else could it be?” 
“No one,” I said. “It would be a huge coincidence to have two different psycho stalkers on my ass at the same time.”
“Then it must be Sharon. It just still seems odd, though,” he mused. 
I wasn’t going to argue with him. Sharon was the obvious culprit. Somehow, some way, that bitch was going to pay.
We made plans to meet that evening, and then I rang up a tow truck. I also made plans to have a rental car delivered from the Enterprise in Atascadero, 20 miles away, because I didn’t want to drive mine around with the graffiti all over it. My credit cards were getting quite a workout. But I also figured Aidan should reimburse me. After all, he’s the reason this lunatic was in my life to begin with. 
Less than an hour later, the car service dropped off the rental car, a bright orange Dodge Charger. I had requested something “sporty” (why not). I didn’t expect to get the “General Lee,” though. With everything going on, I really didn’t need Boss Hog on my ass, I thought. 
My next step was to look up Sharon Atwater’s address, as I decided a little visit might be in order. Sharon lived in an older, dilapidated neighborhood in nearby San Luis Obispo. Her house turned out to be a rather rundown, poorly maintained ranch style home with pink flamingos decorating the front lawn and trash strewn about the street. I didn’t see her car anywhere. I parked across the street and slowly got out, looking cautiously up and down the road. There was no one about. I walked up confidently and rang the doorbell. I waited a couple seconds and then pounded on the door. 
“Oy! Sharon! Open up!” I yelled. 
There was no response. I turned and looked out at the neighborhood, but nothing stirred. No flicker of curtains indicating neighbors looking out to see the commotion, nothing. I decided to investigate a little further due to the lack of any witnesses. I walked around the house, encountering a chain link fence surrounding the backyard. The gate was unlocked, so after quickly glancing around, I walked through and entered the back area. I took three steps forward and then heard a low growl coming from the left. I looked over to see a medium sized dog of indeterminate breed lying down and staring at me intently, his ears pricked up. Another low growl issued from the dog’s throat. I started backing up slowly. Suddenly, the dog rose and lunged at me. In my rush to flee, I stumbled over my own feet and fell down hard. The dog started barking frantically. I scrambled back on my butt, expecting any moment to feel the dog’s sharp teeth tearing at my throat, when I realized the dog couldn’t reach me. Its collar was tied to a chain on a clothesline, which halted its forward progress. It could run back and forth along the clothesline, but its range was limited to within just a few feet of the line. 
I scoped out the situation and then was able to edge my way along the fence and past the dog into the main section of the yard. The dog continued to growl at me, turning to face me as I moved about. I saw a food dish and a water bowl within reach of the dog, but both were completely empty and bone dry. I cursed Sharon again as I noticed the raw marks on the dog’s throat where the collar was rubbing against it. It appeared to me that the dog had been out here quite a while. Who knew the last time she fed or watered it? I noticed a hose lying in the grass out of reach of the dog, attached to a spigot on the side of the house. I picked it up and turned on the water, then tried to direct the stream towards the water bowl, putting my thumb over the nozzle in order to make it arc. Using this method, I was able to get some water to accumulate in the bowls. Unfortunately, I didn’t have any dog food on me, and I didn’t want to chance getting close to the hostile animal. I made my way out of the backyard, the dog growling at me with every step. Once I was outside the fence and out of sight of the dog, I stopped and listened. The dog continued growling a few seconds and then stopped and moved away. I heard it lapping up the water. While it was otherwise engaged, I moved on to a side window, which I was able to see into if I stood on my toes. The inside of the house was cluttered with tacky knickknacks and religious paraphernalia. There were angels and crosses and inspirational religious plaques up everywhere. Dumpy furniture in gaudy flowery coverings was grouped around the main room. No sign of Sharon at all. I was able to glimpse a number of dirty dishes in the sink, but I couldn’t tell how long they had been there. My anger dissipated as I realized my target was nowhere to be found. I walked back around to the front of the house, where a couple of young kids were now playing in the street. 
“She’s not home,” one of the kids yelled helpfully to me as I walked to my car.
I switched direction and walked over to them.
“Do you know where she is?” I asked.
The speaker was a young Latino youth, maybe 12 years old or so, in faded jeans and an overly large Dodgers shirt. He shook his head. “She hasn’t been home in several days,” he said. 
“What can you tell me about her?” I asked.
“She’s mean. Doesn’t like us playing out here in front of her house. Shouts Bible crap at us.”
“When was the last time you saw her?”
“I dunno. Few days ago. She almost ran me over as I was biking home from Kevin’s house.” He nodded toward his playmate, indicating Kevin, a chubby little kid in a too small Raiders shirt, flipping a football from one hand to the other.
“Thanks,” I said. He nodded at me, and then he and Kevin continued tossing the football around. I walked to my car and sat inside it, looking at Sharon’s house. Finally, I tore a corner off the car’s rental agreement, scrawled the words, “I’ll be back. Carys,” on it, and walked over and stuck it inside Sharon’s screen door. Then I looked up the number for Animal Services on my phone, dialed the main number, and informed them that I had reason to believe a dog was being neglected and treated inhumanely, chained up out in the sun with no food or water. I gave them Sharon’s address and then hung up and drove home. 
Morgan met me at the door when I got home, mewling for attention. I scooped her up and gave her some hugs before releasing her. My aunt was sitting on the couch surrounded by a stack of bridal magazines. I briefly considered asking Aunt Jenny about Aidan, but I decided I didn’t want to go there. Instead, I gave her a brief rundown of my car situation. She was incensed. 
“Who the hell is this woman? Why aren’t the cops more help?” she ranted, throwing down her magazine and raising her hands in exasperation.
I didn’t know what to tell her. I couldn’t tell her the whole truth.
“She’s stalking my friend Aidan, and she looks at me as a threat,” I said. I would let her draw her own conclusions, probably erroneous conclusions similar to the ones the cops believed. 
“Is Aidan experiencing the same attacks as you’re experiencing?”
“No.”
“And the cops aren’t doing anything because they think it’s a lovers quarrel. Well, that’s just great. Sexist pigs,” she muttered.
I couldn’t help but laugh at Aunt Jenny’s outburst. She was usually so calm and collected. 
“I’m getting some quotes from home security companies. In the meantime, we’ll just have to be extra vigilant. I don’t think she will hurt you. It’s me she’s targeting, and so far, thankfully, it’s just been property attacks, not personal. But be on the lookout.” I gave her a description of Sharon and the blue minivan, made her promise to be careful, and then I went to get ready for my date with Mark.
I showed up promptly on his doorstep at 5:30 p.m. I was nothing if not punctual. Mark opened the door and greeted me with a quick kiss on the cheek and a hug. He looked scrumptious in a flannel and jeans. We actually matched, as I was also wearing a flannel top and jeans. I started to take my jacket off, but he stopped me and said we would be going out. I looked down at my attire dubiously. 
“You’re fine,” he said. “You look beautiful as always.” 
He went into the kitchen and returned with a large picnic basket, which he loaded into his car. When he came back, he pulled out Sedona’s leash, prompting Sedona’s tail to start wagging joyfully in anticipation of an outing. We all piled into his car, and then he drove us to Kandy’s. 
“Wait here,” he said. “Just be a moment.”
He came back out shortly with a big white bag of food. It smelled delicious, and my stomach started growling in anticipation.
“We better not drive much farther because I don’t know if I can contain myself for long around that tantalizing aroma,” I said.
Mark just smiled and said nothing. 
My eyes widened when we pulled up outside our old school building. I looked at Mark, who was grinning broadly. I took Sedona’s leash in hand while he grabbed the picnic basket and the food. We made our way up to the roof, where I was met with yet another surprise. A table, two chairs, a bouquet of flowers, and some candles were set up for our dinner. Mark went about lighting the candles while I started to unpack the picnic basket. A crisp starched tablecloth, plates, utensils, wine and glasses. I set the table while Mark pulled out an old portable stereo and put on some music. 
“Everything is lovely,” I told him.
“I figured with everything going on, you could do with a little pampering.”
“This is certainly a treat,” I agreed.
We dined on frog pies and drank wine while watching the sun set over Horca. It was the most romantic night I had ever had. But Mark wasn’t done yet. From out of the white bag, he produced yet more splendid goodies. Beignets coated in powdered sugar. 
“Oh boy,” I said as I greedily eyed the pastries. “You have really outdone yourself.”
I had to stop myself from smacking my lips.
We devoured the beignets. There was nothing pretty about it. We were like hyenas tearing at a carcass. We gorged ourselves on the dessert, the sugar smeared on our faces making us look like we were on a cocaine binge. And when it was over, Mark pulled out a couple of glasses, a small bag of ice, and a bottle of really good whiskey. I wasn’t sure if I could fit anything else into me, but the whiskey was a delightful finish to our meal. We leaned back in our chairs and sipped our drinks while looking at the twinkling stars. The candles flickered in the slight breeze, throwing up shadows that danced across the roof. I sighed contentedly. Life was good. 
Sedona came over and laid by my chair. I reached down and smoothed my hand down her back, luxuriating in the feel of her soft fur. I felt Mark’s arm thrown up around my shoulders, and I smiled.
“Thank you for this. This was a perfect evening,” I said.
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. But the night’s not over yet,” he said.
“I don’t think I could possibly squeeze any more food into me.”
“Not food. Movie. An oldie but a goodie. But take your time. It’s still early.” 
We sat a bit longer, sipping on whiskey and enjoying the cool night air and the spectacular view, our idle chatter interspersed with comfortable bouts of silence. Then we packed everything up and headed back to Mark’s. 
We lugged everything inside and then Mark turned on his TV and pulled up his Netflix streaming queue. He selected Top Secret! with Val Kilmer. I burst out laughing. It was one of our favorite movies. We watched it multiple times in high school, and I could still quote whole scenes from it.
“Awesome sauce!” I said in approval. I rubbed my hands together with glee. 
We spent most of the movie mouthing the dialogue and ribbing each other every time something funny happened, which was practically every second. 
At one point in the film, the heroine sums up the ridiculous plot, saying, “I know. It all sounds like some bad movie.” I found that uproariously funny. It was like she was talking about my life!
By the time the movie ended, we were in tears, doubled over from laughing so hard. 
“You know,” I said, “most people I meet have never even heard of this movie.”
“Ridiculous! Tragic!” Mark proclaimed. “They are obviously not as well cultured as you and I.”
I wholeheartedly agreed with him, vigorously nodding my head. 
“Mm hm. Mm hm. And you wanna know something else?” I asked.
“What?” he said.
I reached over and grabbed Mark by the back of the neck, pulling him toward me. Our lips met, and my hunger was reignited with a passion. He kissed me back with equal zeal, his arms coming around me and holding me close against him. I was caught up in the moment, my senses on fire with the smell, the taste, the feel of Mark. He slowly lowered me to the couch and then rose up, removing his shirt and tossing it away. And in that brief moment of time, the thought of Aidan popped into my mind and doused the flame of my desire. Mark lowered himself and kissed me again, his hand creeping around my back to pull me tighter. I tried to push Aidan out of my thoughts. I kissed Mark halfheartedly, hoping to jumpstart things again, but it was no use. And he could feel it. Mark stopped kissing me and raised himself up on his elbows. 
“Are you okay?” he asked.
I shook my head.
“I’m sorry,” I said. “I don’t know what’s wrong. I just…” I trailed off, unsure of what to say. I felt doubly bad because I was the one who had initiated the kiss.
Mark sighed and then laid his head on my shoulder.
“It’s okay,” he said. “Just give me a few minutes to switch gears.”
I nodded even though he couldn’t see me. Then I put my arms around him and held him tight. After such a perfect evening, I was miserable now. I wanted to make things right, but I wasn’t sure how. 
As much as I was dreading it, I was going to have to choose soon between Mark or Aidan. 
Mark rose, and I sat up and straightened my clothes. He left and soon came back fully clothed and holding a beer. He offered it to me, but I shook my head, so he popped open the bottle and took a long swig. I waited in silence. Yoda stared at me accusingly from atop his scratching post. My face was hot with embarrassment. 
“Mark,” I began.
“You don’t have to say anything. It’s okay,” he said. 
I looked at him in gratitude.
“Just….don’t start anything you don’t want to finish next time. My poor body can only take so much,” he said.
I looked down in embarrassment. “Okay,” I said softly. 
He bent down and gave me a kiss on the cheek and then squeezed my shoulder. I stood up and gathered my jacket and purse. 
“Thank you again for a wonderful evening,” I said lamely. “It was just what I needed.”
Mark smiled. “I’m glad you enjoyed it.” 
“I’ll give you a call tomorrow,” I said as I slipped out the door. He watched me as I got in my car, and then he waved at me one last time as I drove off. 
I pulled up at my Aunt Jenny’s and entered a silent house. A note in the kitchen informed me she was staying the night at Bob’s. The thought of them made me smile. They were good for each other. I was happy for them. 
Morgan wove in and out between my legs, meowing. I picked her up and carried her into my room, depositing her on my bed. She stood and stretched and then curled up, purring as she watched me prepare for sleep. I couldn’t stop thinking about how wonderful the night had been, and how I had screwed things up because I couldn’t keep a certain ginger vampire out of my thoughts. I needed to stop playing around and make a decision. Tomorrow. 
I fell asleep to the sound of Morgan’s purring. I had a restless night, dreaming about faceless people on motorcycles chasing after me as I tried to run away. I had an accomplice beside me. Sometimes it was Mark, sometimes it was Aidan. But no matter what, the faceless bikers continued their relentless pursuit, gaining ground with each passing second.
Chapter 17
Thursday, October 16, 2014 
I woke the next morning, exhausted and feeling as if I hadn’t slept a wink. Rain was coming down hard outside, slashing against the windows and rattling the eaves. I rose and went into the kitchen to eat some raisin bread. I grabbed a mug of pumpkin coffee and then returned to my room. Today would be a lazy day, I decided.
The day was dark and dreary, but my bedside lamp cast a cozy warm glow against the gloom outside. I put my mug on the nightstand, snuggled back down into bed with Morgan purring by my side, and read from Sarah Smalls’ journal about the making of Horca Highway Horror!
August 6, 1977. Well, we officially have a red town. Except for Pete’s house. It’s still green. The director decided he would shoot around it. I guess Pete just grabbed a bucket of what he saw as “red” paint without looking at the label. He was so embarrassed. But he’s still going to get money for his effort, so I told him he shouldn’t feel too bad. We took a picture to celebrate our new crimson town. 
A picture was tucked behind the page. It had five women and six men standing together in front of a red porch with lanterns strung up, lighting up the night. In pencil on the back were names: Ryan, Jenny, me, Pete, Oliver, Katie, Elizabeth, Gertrude, Sam, Charlie, Todd. I recognized a younger version of my aunt, Genevieve, or as everyone called her, Jenny. Half French, half Chinese, her long black hair and tanned skin stood out from the others. She looked beautiful and exotic. Matching the names with the faces, Sarah appeared to be a freckled blond woman of medium height. She wore overalls and a jaunty cap, her hair in two short pigtails. Her grin shone out in the faded picture. Pete was a middle-aged man wearing a bizarre mismatch of red and green clothing. It might have made sense in December, but this was August. Gertrude wasn’t familiar to me. The other people I thought I recognized as townsfolk who were still here: Oliver Bagley, Katie Allen, Elizabeth Clark, Sam Krueger, Charlie Fort, and Todd Calhoun. I looked closer at “Ryan” and thought he might be Aidan. Black hair, very pale skin, glasses, very studious looking. He was the only one without any green paint smattered on his clothes. Back to the journal--
Very festive night. Ryan even deigned to join us. I’m not sure what he does all day long, but he seems to only come out at night. Like a vampire. Ha ha! Whatever his story is, he certainly seems to have charmed Jenny. They’re both new to Horca, so maybe it’s more a situation of newcomers banding together. I like Jenny, though, and feel a little protective of her, as she’s all alone with no family nearby. I’ll have to keep an eye on her. 
August 8, 1977. Jenny’s house was broken into last night! Everything was torn asunder and thrown about. She discovered it when she got home, so it couldn’t have been Ryan. I can’t think of anyone else it could have been, though. So strange. This is twice now. Someone must have it in for her.
The filmmakers were back taking preliminary photos or something like that. They seemed to like Pete’s green house. Said it was artistic, an interesting contrast against all the red. Now they’re talking about filming a few scenes there! Pete says he’s not happy about it. He says he just wants to be left in peace, but I suspect he is secretly excited. He deserves to be excited, and he can preen all he wants, as far as I’m concerned. He’s had many hardships in his life, and he deserves a little good luck going his way. Other people are clearly jealous. I even caught Christopher Rimes buying a bucket of green paint at the hardware store. He gave some story about it being for a chair he made, but he had enough cans to paint a house. And he wouldn’t look me in the eye as he was giving his explanation. I said, “Christopher, don’t you dare!” He quietly put the paint back and then left without purchasing it. The nerve of some people! At some point I hope to donate my journals to the historical society to document life in Horca, and when I make said donation, people better beware! The truth will be known!
Jenny and I had lunch at Kandy’s. I took the opportunity to bring up my concerns about Ryan. She heard me out, but then she assured me I had nothing to worry about. She said she could take care of herself and that she wasn’t even remotely head over heels about him. She said he intrigued her, though. She didn’t elaborate on what she meant by that. But perhaps she’s right. I joked about how Ryan might be a vampire because we only see him at night, and we had a good laugh. Rumor has it that the movie here is going to have a vampire in it. I do so love a good scary movie! 
The police have no leads on her break-ins. Who could have done it??
August 10, 1977. Spoke with Tim today, and he told me most of the actual movie will probably not be filmed here. I was greatly surprised, which shows how much I know about movie making. Tim spoke with great authority, and he’s quite knowledgeable about a wide range of topics, so I’m inclined to believe him. He said they’ll probably do a lot of exterior shots and film a few scenes here, but most of it will be either on a sound stage or somewhere else. I must admit I’m disappointed. I heard they got Clint Eastwood to star! I hope we at least get to see him. 
I called Jenny to tell her the latest news. I woke her up! It was 11:00 when I called her, and she was still sleeping! I was aghast. I asked if she was sick, but she said she had just had a late night with Ryan again. I told her I am really quite concerned. She’s seeing quite a lot of that boy, and we really know absolutely nothing about him. She said, “Sarah, you’re not my mom. And the truth is you know absolutely nothing about me, either.” She didn’t say it in a snotty way or anything, just matter of factly. I had to admit she was right. But I told her I was still concerned. It’s not the swinging 60’s anymore! I hope to God that girl sees reason soon. I just don’t trust Ryan. 
I skimmed the next entries, looking for any mention of Ryan or my aunt. Scattered here and there was the occasional reference, followed by a foreboding of doom from Sarah.
Jenny is definitely getting in deeper with Ryan. They’re spending most nights together, it seems. No good can come of this.
* * *
Jenny says she and Ryan are in love, but I detect a glimmer of apprehension from her. Not sure why. I cautioned her that what she was feeling was lust, not love, and she looked even more troubled. I don’t mean to offend her or frighten her, but surely she must question having a relationship with a man who is gone most days on “business.” I still don’t even know what he does. When I press Jenny for an answer, she is always vague. 
Her vegetable garden was vandalized last night. I still can’t think of a single person who would have it in for her. 
* * *
Jenny is most fierce now whenever I say anything she perceives as an attack on Ryan. I am about fed up with the whole matter. I have enough to deal with without having to worry about her, especially when she refuses to listen to reason. 
* * *
Recently, Jenny brought up the topic of marriage. I stared at her in dread. I told her I certainly hoped she wasn’t thinking of running off with Ryan. She was adamant they would have a respectable wedding here. I just shook my head at her and changed the subject. 
I skipped ahead a few pages, and then my breath caught as I sighted a familiar name: Conleth. Conleth was my aunt’s ex-husband. 
September 1, 1977. Clint Eastwood and the orangutan showed up today for the movie. The town was all abuzz. Didn’t see much of Clint. He mainly stayed in his trailer and didn’t socialize much. Of course, parts of town are closed down to us mere mortals, so the most we got were quick glimpses of him. We saw more of the orangutan. The animal trainer is a sweet girl named Mandy. We chatted a bit, but she had her hands full. The orangutan’s name is Prissy. She didn’t seem that prissy to me. She kept mooning the townsfolk. We ignored her and threw a lunch party to welcome Clint. Unfortunately, filming went long, and Clint wasn’t able to attend our little soiree. 
Jenny was there. And of course, Ryan was a no show. I wonder if there’s trouble in paradise, though, because Jenny spent quite a bit of time talking to one of the movie people. Tall, dark, and handsome. Wearing a suit. I admit I was a little envious of Jenny. He seemed quite captivated by her. I pulled her aside later for the scoop. His name is Conleth. Jenny didn’t quite understand what his purpose was, but he’s definitely with the movie people. Or with their insurance company, not really sure. She said he’s very nice and quite intelligent. She doesn’t seem smitten, but I can see a spark of interest in her eyes when she speaks of him. Not sure if this is a change for the better or not. Those movie people are not to be trusted, either.
There were several more entries about the movie. Then:
September 15, 1977. The movie people are wrapping up their filming here. I think we’re all ready to see them go. It was new and exciting at first, but now it’s just a nuisance having parts of town shut down at all kinds of hours. And I think everyone is ready to ditch our red town and go back to our old colors. Everyone except Pete, that is. He says he’s going to stick with green. Not that it looks bad, but he would probably do well to paint the trim white. He says it’ll stay entirely green, though. Can’t say that’s a smart move. 
I’m not sure what Jenny’s going to do. She and Conleth have grown quite close. I have to admit he seems like a nice man, and I can find no fault with him. LA isn’t that far away, so maybe they can find a way to make it work. I certainly hope she doesn’t move to LA. 
I saw Ryan tonight. He did not seem at all happy. I still wonder about what happened between him and Jenny. One minute she’s talking of marriage, and the next minute she’s falling in love with Conleth. What a fickle girl! 
September 17, 1977. Ryan is gone! He just up and went during the night! I guess he and Jenny had a falling out, and he told her he was leaving. This morning, his house is vacant, and there’s a For Sale sign on the front lawn. Poor Jenny called me in tears. But when I asked if she loved him, she said she did not. At least, she said wasn’t in love with him, not anymore, she said. But she was still quite sad, and my heart broke for her. My poor Jenny!
September 30, 1977. Jenny is leaving! She and Conleth are getting married, and then she’s moving to LA to be with him! I am happy for my friend, but I am also quite sad to be losing her. She wasn’t here long, but I will miss her so. The good/horrible news is that she asked me to be her maid of honor. It’s good because I’m honored she chose me, but it’s bad because I hate being in weddings. I hate dressing up. But Jenny doesn’t seem like the frilly type. I doubt she’ll pick out anything too bad for me to wear. 
October 7, 1977. Went dress shopping with Jenny today. We picked her out a beautiful dress. My dress, on the other hand, leaves a little something to be desired. She chose the color red in honor of the movie that brought her and Conleth together. It’s a deep, beautiful crimson color, but it has a big bow in the back that I can see digging into me every time I sit down. Also, it’s a little short. Jenny says it looks good on me, but I prefer a little more modesty. I guess I can count my lucky stars she didn’t make me wear pastel.
There were a few more entries about the wedding, but the rest of the journal was just Sarah rambling on about her daily affairs. She and my aunt apparently lost touch after the wedding. 
So I ended up learning more about how Conleth and my aunt met, but the journal wasn’t as eye opening as I thought it would be with regards to Aidan.
I couldn’t help but feel a little sorry for Aidan. He was courting Constance, but he had to flee for his own safety, and she went off and married a banker. Then he developed a great affection for my aunt, but she threw him over for Conleth. And now something had grown between me and him, and I had no idea what I was going to do. Plus, I can’t deny I was a little grossed out thinking about anything happening between him and my aunt. I mean, ewww, right? 
I wondered about his other relationships, if he traded up women as they got older and their blood got stale. He hadn’t asked to drink my blood so far. I wondered what I would do if, or when, he did. And the whole reading minds thing was a little creepy. Kind of stalkerish. Yes, he could give me anything I wanted before I asked for it, but is that what I really wanted? Well, maybe. I had a lot to think about.
I finally dragged myself out of bed, went about my daily ablutions, and then drove to Aidan’s house. He greeted me at the door, apologizing for not calling me back yesterday. He didn’t give an excuse, and I didn’t ask for one.
“Your little friend Sharon keeps outdoing herself,” I said. “She slashed my tires and defiled my car.” 
“What?!” Aidan was aghast.
“Yeah, so if you could locate her with your mind grapes or whatever, I would really love to get in touch with her,” I said. 
“Man, I’m sorry, but Sharon has dropped off the face of the earth. I’m unable to sense her. At all.”
“What does that mean?” I asked.
“She might be dead,” he said hopefully.
I snorted. “Yeah, right. Fat chance. How long have you been unable to read her?”
“It’s been about a week now.”
“Then she’s not dead,” I said flatly. “That bitch has been terrorizing me for the past several days.”
“Then I don’t know what’s going on,” he confessed. “But I’ll pay for all your bills.”
“Okay, but then we’re gonna make sure she pays you back every red cent,” I said fiercely.
Aidan left the room and came back with a big roll of $100 bills. My eyes popped at the sight.
“Whoa there, Daddy Warbucks,” I said. “I don’t think I need all that.”
“And I’m not giving you ‘all that’. I’m just giving you enough for immediate expenses.”
“What about pain and suffering?” I asked. “Make it rain.”
Aidan laughed. “I’m not gonna make it rain. But I am gonna make it right.” He peeled off a few Benjamins and handed them to me. I felt like a high priced hooker. 
“We can go car shopping tomorrow if you want,” he said.
“You don’t need to buy me a car,” I said. “Sharon needs to buy me a car.”
“Good luck with all that,” Aidan said.
“Okay, maybe you can buy me a car,” I conceded. 
Aidan grinned. “Don’t worry. I’ll make sure to get reimbursed by Sharon.”
“Good luck with all that,” I said. I turned and walked into the kitchen to grab a pumpkin beer, Aidan following.
“Please, make yourself at home,” he said.
I grinned at him as I took a sip of the beer. Then I remembered Sarah Smalls’ journal, and the grin faded from my face.
“What’s up?” Aidan said.
“I read Sarah Smalls’ journal,” I said.
“Oh.” He took my hand and led me into the living room.
We sat on his couch staring at each other. 
“So I assume you have some questions,” Aidan prompted.
“A few,” I replied. “First off, without going into detail, how ‘involved’ were you and my aunt? And again, please don’t go into detail.”
Aidan grinned. “I can tell you that we were very involved. But nothing, er, sexual happened.”
“Really truly?” I asked.
Aidan nodded. I hadn’t realized I was holding my breath until I let it out in a big rush and slumped back against the sofa. 
“We were in love, or so I thought,” continued Aidan. “But I admit I tend to fall hard and fast, and that usually doesn’t work out in the long run. I loved talking to Genevieve, though. We could spend the whole night talking and then wonder where the time went. That, to me, seemed like a good base for a relationship. But your aunt was young. She had never been in love before. I think she convinced herself what we had was love, and it excited her. But then she met Conleth, and she discovered what real love was. I couldn’t compete after that.”
“It sounds to me like you were looking for more of a friend than a lover.”
“When you’ve lived as long as I have, you start looking for more of a companion, someone you can still hold a conversation with after you’ve been together a century or more.”
I thought about this.
“Are you still in love with Aunt Jenny?”
“No. Your aunt and I had our time, but that time has passed.”
“You’ve lived so many lives. Been so many different identities to so many people. Which is the real you?” I said softly.
“This is the real me.” Aidan said fiercely, striking his chest with his fist. “This is the real Aidan, sitting here before you. Yes, I’ve lived a long time, and yes, I’ve had to assume different identities throughout the years, but underneath all of that, every single time, has been me. Aidan.”
I stared at him. Despite everything, I still didn’t really know that much about him. The physical attraction was there, but I had a lot to figure out. Some might say I was overthinking things and should just give into temptation, but I didn’t want to add myself to Aidan’s pattern of being dumped. I wanted to be sure. And right now I wasn’t sure. I mean, just what kind of a future would I have with a vampire? 
I told him I had to go home and think about things, and he seemed to understand. 
Chapter 18
Friday, October 17, 2014
The following day was bright and sunny. I woke early, scarfed down some banana bread, and then went to the Herald to check messages. As per usual, there were none. Bob was nowhere in sight, so I wrote down, “Happy to hear the good news! Carys” on a piece of a paper and propped it up on his keyboard. Then I called my aunt on her cell phone.
“Aunt Jenny!” I said, “How are things?”
“Things are good. Anything on Sharon?” she asked.
“Nothing,” I assured her. “I was wondering if you wanted to meet up for lunch.”
“I would love to, Carys.”
“How about Kandy’s Diner at noon?” I suggested.
“Ugh. I don’t know why you like that place.”
“You don’t like Kandy’s?” I asked in disbelief.
“There are plenty of finer establishments. One might even say there is a plethora of them.”
I laughed. “Okay, you can choose where we eat.”
We decided on a café near Bob’s house. We arranged to meet there at noon. As I had a bit of time before lunch, I went to the park to enjoy the good weather. Everything was sparkling and fresh from yesterday’s rain. I almost forgot about Sharon and all her antics. And then my gaze settled upon my pumpkin orange rental car. Could I really accept a new car from Aidan? Probably not. I would feel beholden to him. No, I would have to find some other way to fix my car. 
I enjoyed the sunshine a little longer and then headed on over to the Oval Egg Café. Aunt Jenny was already there and had a table. We hugged each other in greeting and then sat down to peruse the menus. 
Lunch was a casual affair. We both ordered skillet platters and tore into them with gusto. In our family, the women are not shy about eating. The café was clearing out as we finished up, so we decided to stay and chat a bit while drinking our sweet tea. 
“Aunt Jenny,” I began, “I recently got hold of a journal. Sarah Smalls’ journal.” 
She brightened up at mention of the name. 
“Sarah Smalls. What on earth are you doing with her journal?” she asked.
I told her about the article I was planning on writing. I didn’t tell her from whom I had gotten the journal.
“Ah, yes, the movie.” She smiled gently in remembrance. “That was a fun time.” 
“What happened to Sarah Smalls,” I asked. 
Aunt Jenny’s smile dimmed. “She passed away from cancer a number of years ago. You met her when you were just a baby, but of course you don’t remember that. She was a good woman, Sarah Smalls.” 
I reached into my purse and pulled out the pictures from the journal. She looked wonderingly at them. I watched her intently as she looked at each person in the first photo. I noticed that her eyes lingered on Sarah and “Ryan” and then moved on. 
“According to Sarah’s journal, you were dating one of those men,” I said.
She looked up quickly at me, startled by my bluntness. Then she looked back at the picture, and her gaze softened as she looked at the man she knew as “Ryan.” 
“Yes,” she said quietly. “I was seeing Ryan.” She pointed him out to me in the picture, confirming my suspicions that “Ryan” was Aidan. 
“It seemed serious, according to Sarah. She said you spoke of marriage.” 
Aunt Jenny sighed. “I was young. I was in love. Then I met Conleth.” She trailed off into silence.
I felt uncomfortable. Despite what Sarah Smalls seemed to believe in her journal, Conleth had not been a good man. I didn’t know all the details, but I knew Aunt Jenny had been a victim of domestic abuse for quite a few years before she found the courage to leave my uncle. He also had several love children scattered throughout the LA area, many of them conceived while he was married to my aunt. His was not a name that was spoken often in our household. 
I squeezed my aunt’s hand and hoped that even a tiny bit of the great love and respect I felt for her shone through. 
I had hoped to question her more about “Ryan,” but I couldn’t possibly continue now. We paid for our food and then rose to leave. Outside, I gave her a hug and told her that I would see her back at the house later. She handed me back the pictures and told me to be ever vigilant. Then we parted ways. 
Feeling aimless and unsure of what to do with myself, I went to Lake Pohannon and hiked around for a bit. It felt good to be out in the sun. I was just heading back to my car when my cell phone rang. It was Aidan.
“Hola,” I said.
“Hola. How do you feel about getting out of town?” 
“Where to?”
“Monterey. Come on. It’ll be good for you to get out of Horca for a while.”
I couldn’t deny that. His proposal was appealing. We arranged to meet in a couple of hours at his house, and then I raced home to get ready for my night on the town.
It was still sunny out when I pulled up at Aidan’s house. I got out of my car and smoothed down my dress, feeling slightly ridiculous and uncomfortable. I was wearing a dress that I had purchased a year ago and never even worn once. It fit me when I bought it, but now it was feeling a little snug. I made a mental note to cut back on the frog pies. My saving grace was my dressy coat. I pulled it closer around me to hide any fashion blunders. I had attempted to accessorize with some sparkly silver jewelry, but I went easy on the makeup. I didn’t want another mishap like with Mark. 
Aidan opened the door as I walked up. He looked fabulous in jeans and a white button-up. His dark eyes practically smoldered as he looked at me. He gave me a kiss on the cheek, his lips lingering. 
“Hello, sexy girl.”
I gave a little laugh. “Thanks for that. I don’t feel sexy at all.”
“Well, trust me. You look sexy as hell.” He drew me inside, locked the front door, and then took my elbow and guided me through the house to another door. It led to the garage. Inside, was a classic black Corvette with a red hood scoop and heavily tinted windows. 
“When did you get this?” I asked incredulously.
“When I bought the house. It was just delivered a few days ago. Do you know much about cars?” he asked.
“No,” I admitted. “But I can tell this is a special car.”
“It’s a 1966 Corvette Sting Ray. The last sexy Corvette, in my opinion.”
“And we’re driving to Monterey in this?” I asked in disbelief.
Aidan nodded eagerly. 
I looked it over with awe. It was a beautiful piece of art.
I gingerly seated myself in the passenger seat. He gently closed the door and then pressed the button to open the garage. With a mechanical rumble, the garage door rolled open. Aidan came around and jumped into the driver’s seat. A turn of the key, and the black beast roared to life with a low growl. Aidan ran his hands lovingly along the thin wooden steering wheel before putting the car in gear. He slowly eased us out of the garage. Then, with a gleam in both our eyes, we were off. 
The drive up the coast to Monterey took us almost two and a half hours, but we were driving in style. The Corvette leapt along the road, hugging the curves, Aidan skillfully manipulating the classic car. I sat back and enjoyed the views. 
The sun was touching the horizon when we reached Monterey. Aidan said the sunlight was weak enough that he was able to withstand it for short periods of time. We parked in one of the parking garages and then ventured out into the setting sun. I kept expecting Aidan to burst into flames, but he seemed to be okay. We kept to the shady side of the street, and he wore a dark pair of shades. We made our way to Monterey Bay Aquarium where Aidan paid for our tickets. 
“This is great,” I said. “I haven’t been here in years.” 
We wandered around and explored the different exhibits, lingering longest at the otters and the jellyfish. Aidan only stumbled into me one time, as we were walking through the Kelp Forest exhibit. The sun was almost completely gone by the time we emerged from the aquarium. We walked down Cannery Row, stepping into shops as they caught our fancy. Finally, we made our way back to the car and drove over to Fisherman’s Wharf. I was hesitant to stop in any of the restaurants, knowing most of them were overpriced, but Aidan insisted, so we dined in one of the restaurants, eating by a window that looked out over the water. 
“Are you having a good time?” Aidan asked.
“Absolutely,” I said. “Everything has been amazing.” 
He smiled. “I’m glad you’re enjoying yourself. I figured you might want to get away for a little while.” 
“You got that right! Thank you, platypus man.”
He laughed. “The platypus man is always here for you.”
“So, why did you do the whole platypus man thing in the first place?” I asked. 
“People were disappearing. Suspicion was starting to fall on me. I had to throw them off the scent, so I made sure it was known there was another beast out there that could be causing trouble. The Native Americans already thought the lake was cursed and that there might be a monster roaming around out there. I just took it and ran with it.”
“Were you responsible for the people disappearing?” I asked.
“Actually, no. I don’t know what was going on, but it wasn’t me.”
“Why were people blaming you?”
“I have no idea. Maybe it was because I didn’t socialize much with them. Or maybe because I only came out at night. Or, hell, maybe because I have red hair. Who knows?”
We left Monterey and drove down to Carmel, where we stopped in for a drink at Clint Eastwood’s restaurant/bar. We continued our conversation there. 
“What was the Native American legend associated with Lake Pohannon?” I asked.
“Many, many moons ago,” Aidan began, “a star fell from the sky and gouged out a giant hole in the earth. The hole filled up with a clear, cold water that seeped out of the land from below, creating Lake Pohannon. The fallen star lay at the bottom of the newly formed lake, sleeping and biding its time like a giant egg, until one day it hatched. Out of it sprang a great beast, which, once loosed, wreaked havoc upon the nearby tribes, killing all the young warriors, unleashing a blight upon the crops, and poisoning the water in the lake. Over time, the Native Americans came to shun the lake and its surrounding area as cursed ground, leaving it to be settled by the white man, who were ignorant of the curse. Eventually, the beast slumbered, and the lake rid itself of the polluting stain. But still, even though the details are no longer known, the Native Americans remember it as cursed ground.” 
“Interesting,” I mused. “I can’t believe I haven’t heard of this legend before.”
“It was an ancient legend that had been forgotten long before Constance Dogooder and her people came here. I wasn’t hoping to capitalize on the legend, but it’s where I got my idea.”
I wondered how he came to know of this legend that had been lost long ago. We finished our drinks, and then Aidan looked at me. 
“Ready to leave?” he asked.
I nodded. We drove back to Aidan’s house in silence. I settled back in the cushy seats, my head lolling on my shoulders as I struggled to keep my eyes open.
“You can sleep if you want. I’ll wake you when we get there,” Aidan said.
My eyes closed, and the next thing I knew, we were pulling into his garage. 
“Are you interested in a nightcap?” Aidan asked.
“Aidan, I had a lovely time tonight, but I think I’m ready to head home. He nodded and escorted me to my orange rental muscle car. It was time to turn back into a pumpkin.
“Thank you for a wonderful evening,” I said. I gave him a quick kiss on the cheek and then left.
I pulled up into my driveway and walked up to the front door, rifling through my purse for the door key, when I stopped suddenly. The hairs on the back of my neck stood up as I, again, got the distinct feeling there was someone standing right behind me. I whipped around fast, but there was nobody there. I scanned my surroundings slowly, but nothing seemed out of place. I turned and unlocked the door, giving one last uneasy glance around before walking inside. I couldn’t shake the feeling that there was a malicious presence out there watching and waiting for me to let down my guard. I locked the door and then walked around making sure the other windows and doors were secured. Then, exhausted, I turned in for the night. 
Chapter 19
Saturday, October 18, 2014
I slept deeply and woke the next morning feeling refreshed and ready to face a brand new day. I lay in bed and thought about last night. As much fun as I had, I couldn’t help but compare it to my date with Mark. Casual was more my style. I liked jeans and sneakers and picnics on school roofs. But I couldn’t deny I had enjoyed my night with Aidan almost equally as much.
I heard a soft pawing at my door, so I hopped out of bed and admitted Morgan into my room. She jumped up onto my bed, turned in circles a couple of times, and then laid down with contented purrs emanating from her. I scratched her behind the ears while I thought about what to do today. My planning was interrupted by my cell phone. It was Mark calling me. 
“Carys!” he exclaimed.
“Mark!” I exclaimed right back.
“What’s shakin’, bacon?”
“A whole lotta nuthin’. What’s shakin’ with you?”
“I’m taking Sedona to Lake Pohannon. She suggested I call and see if you wanted to join us.”
“Sedona suggested I join you? That’s one amazing dog,” I said. 
“You don’t know the half of it. So? You wanna come play fetch with us?”
I smiled. “Sure, I would love to.”
“That’s a good girl,” Mark crooned to me. “Yes, you are a good girl, yes you are.”
“You know,” I said, “some people might take offense that you’re talking to me like I’m a dog.”
“Are you one of those people?” he asked.
“No. I think it’s cute. What time are we meeting up?”
“When can you be ready?”
“Well, I can be ready in 15 minutes if need be. But if you want a Carys who’s clean, presentable, and not hangry, I can be ready in an hour.”
“An hour it is.”
We hung up, and then I dashed around brushing teeth, showering, gulping down hunks of pumpkin pie spice bread, and then going through my closet for an appropriate outfit. I finally decided on just wearing my usual “uniform” - jeans, another flannel, and my Chuck Taylors. After last night, I wanted my comfortable clothes. 
I saw a note in the kitchen from Aunt Jenny saying she would be at Bob’s for the entire weekend. That worked for me. I knew she would be safe at Bob’s house. I hadn’t seen Sharon in quite some time, but I knew she was lurking around somewhere, and I didn’t discount my feeling last night of a menacing presence about. She was around, I just knew it.
I got ready in record time, so I decided to call Aidan, but he didn’t answer, so I left a message for him thanking him again for a lovely evening and asking him to call me back later.
Mark showed up shortly after. I jumped in the car, and we were off to Lake Pohannon.
“I was just out at the lake yesterday,” I said. “The weather is perfect right now for hiking around.”
Sedona thrust her nose between our car seats. 
“Sedona agrees,” said Mark.
Lake Pohannon was a popular place that day. We wound our way through the people, having to walk quite a ways before the crowd thinned out. Mark pulled out a couple bottles of water from his backpack and handed me one. I took a long swallow, and then we started walking down a trail. Again, it was a gorgeous day out. The lake sparkled in the sunlight. There was a cool breeze blowing, the air smelling fresh and clean. I couldn’t help but think about the Native American legend. The lake seemed pristine to me. Sedona certainly thought the lake was fine. She kept dipping down to sniff at it, lapping up the clear water. She was enjoying her day out, scouting ahead and sniffing out all the tantalizing, scintillating aromas of nature. I envied her carefree existence. 
We found some large boulders that jutted out into the water, affording us a pleasant place to sit in the sun, so we sat down for a rest and let Sedona explore the area. We watched the kayakers paddling on the lake and chatted about the latest news. 
“I saw your Aunt Jenny at the store yesterday. She told me about her engagement. That’s great,” Mark said. 
“Yeah, I’m really happy for them.”
“What are you going to do about your living arrangements?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I need to find a real job first. Then maybe I can buy the house from my aunt if she moves in with Bob. Everything’s kind of up in the air. We haven’t even talked about it yet.”
“A real job, huh? It’s been a while since you’ve had a real job. That’s going to be a huge adjustment.”
“Yeah, I’ve been spoiled these last couple of months. But I think I’m also kind of looking forward to some structure to my life. I never thought I’d say that, but not having any type of schedule at all isn’t the paradise I thought it would be.”
“I know what you mean.”
“How do you do it? How do you deal with not having a schedule?” I asked him.
“It’s tough. And actually, I had a job up until a few months ago. That helped.”
“You did?” I asked in surprise.
“Yeah. I taught creative writing at the community college. It was more of a part-time job. Then they had budget cuts and let me go.”
“I had no idea,” I said.
“I tried the whole ‘not working’ thing, but you’ve seen how it is. You start to feel aimless, set adrift. My schedule got all out of whack, and I decided I needed some structure to my life, too. So I got the part-time job. I don’t think I was very good at it, though. I don’t have the patience or the training to be a teacher. But with my book, they were jumping at the opportunity to have a famous author.”
Sedona came back, dripping wet from the lake.
“Good grief,” Mark said. “I should have kept a better eye on you. Well, you needed a bath anyway.”
Sedona shook herself off and laid down in the sun. We continued to chat.
“Anything else from Sharon?” Mark asked.
“Nothing. At least nothing I’ve noticed so far. I can’t shake the feeling she’s still out there, biding her time.”
“Biding her time until what?”
“I don’t know. She’s so unpredictable now.”
“Yeah, she’s definitely crossed a line. Has Aidan seen her lately?”
“No, he hasn’t. He said she’s off the grid.”
“What does that mean?”
“He’s not sure.”
I felt him studying me.
“Okay,” he said. Then he stood up. We continued our walk up the trail, Sedona running to and fro, rooting out bugs and chasing squirrels. Ah, the life of a dog. 
We hiked around for a few hours, slowly meandering about, loosely following the rim of the lake until we ended up back at the beginning. The sun was hanging lower in the sky, but there was still plenty of daylight left.
“Let’s go grab a bite to eat,” Mark suggested. “I don’t want to see you hangry.”
I agreed that he didn’t want to see me hangry, so we drove to a nearby winery. 
We relaxed in the shade with a moderately priced red wine, Sedona lounging at our feet. 
“So where are you looking for a job?” Mark asked. He took a sip of his wine and then reached over and started toying with the tips of my hair.
“I haven’t started looking yet, but I’ll probably look around Horca first, then spread out.”
I took a gulp of my wine, distracted by his playfulness. 
“Good. Sedona would hate to see you go,” he said.
I smiled. “It would be very hard leaving her,” I said. Hearing her name, Sedona looked over at us, then got up and walked over, her tail wagging. Mark stopped fiddling with my hair and put down his wine. He grabbed a doggy treat out of his backpack and tossed it to her. She gobbled it up and then laid back down again.
After we ate, we sat back and polished off a couple glasses of tea. 
“What do you want for dinner tonight?” Mark asked. “I figure we’ll have a late dinner since we’re eating so late now.”
I looked at him in surprise. An entire day with Mark. He hadn’t even asked if I had plans tonight. I decided to just go along with it.
“I’m good for whatever,” I said. “In fact, it can be my treat. Aunt Jenny is at Bob’s for the weekend. You and Sedona come over to the house tonight, and we can hang out there. We can order a pizza.”
“Excellent,” Mark said. He paid for our lunch and then he drove me back to Aunt Jenny’s house. We made plans for him to come over around 7:00. 
Inside, I caught sight of myself in the entranceway mirror. I was absolutely glowing. The sun and the fresh air were doing me good, I thought to myself. I ran out to the store and bought some beer and other supplies. Then I put my hair up and gave the house a light cleaning. Aidan still hadn’t called me back. I tried him again, but it went to voicemail. Left another message for him, then I showered and changed for my evening with Mark. 
It was already dark out by then, so I flipped on the outside lights. I looked out the window to make sure they were illuminated when a sudden movement caught my eye. I turned back quickly and peered out, but I didn’t see anything. Picking up my can of pepper spray, I cautiously ventured outside. There was a light breeze blowing, rustling the leaves, but I didn’t hear anything that sounded like a person. The neighbors were all inside, the glow of their TVs spilling out around curtain edges and lending a little light to the darkness. Unlit jack o’ lanterns adorned the porches, and Halloween decorations fluttered in the breeze. I scrutinized every movement, every sound. Visually, I couldn’t detect anyone, but again, I had the feeling that I was being watched. I was still standing outside when Mark pulled up. He got out of his car and came over. 
Glancing down at the can of pepper spray in my hand, he asked, “Everything okay?”
I nodded. “I thought I saw someone out here, but I must have been mistaken.” 
He peered around intently, but he didn’t see anything, either. 
“Come on in,” I said. He went to get Sedona from the car and then followed me inside. Morgan took one look at Sedona, turned tail and ran into my aunt’s bedroom. We didn’t see her for the rest of the night.
I ordered our pizzas from the local NY style pizzeria, and then we both popped open a beer and sat down. 
“What’s on the agenda for tonight?” Mark asked.
“Another classic,” I said. I showed him that my hands were empty. Then I reached under the sofa and whipped out Monty Python and the Holy Grail. “Ta Da!” I said.
“A witch!” Mark shouted. 
“No, it got pushed under the sofa earlier when I was cleaning,” I said. 
Sedona came over to investigate, sniffing the DVD box. Then she went and laid down by the front window. 
We decided to wait until the pizza came before we started the movie, so we sat and talked. 
“Are you giving out candy for Halloween?” I asked.
“Nah. That would just be weird, right? I mean, a single man in his mid 20’s giving out candy? I don’t think so.”
“Yeah, you might have a point there.”
“Now, if a pretty girl were at my home giving out candy, that would be a different story entirely,” Mark said suggestively.
“Who’s this pretty girl? Should I be jealous? I’ll cut a bitch,” I said.
Mark laughed and lightly punched me on the arm. 
“I don’t do Halloween,” I said. “Not ever since that one Halloween when I was a little girl. I was carving a pumpkin to put outside. My dad didn’t come home from work at his usual time. I waited and waited. Later on, the police were called, and they found him in the chimney, dressed as the Great Pumpkin. He had climbed down there, his pockets loaded with candy, hoping to surprise me, when he fell and broke his neck. And that’s how I found out there was no Great Pumpkin.”
Mark snorted. “You dolt. That’s a mashup of Gremlins and Charlie Brown.”
I grinned back at him. “You got me. Okay, let’s do Halloween together. I’ll pass out the candy so you’re not all Stranger Danger, and then we can watch scary movies.”
“Sounds perfect,” Mark said.
We chatted a bit more before Sedona perked up, alerting us we had a guest. The deliveryman arrived, and soon the pizza was in our hot little hands. We practically inhaled the two large pizzas. 
After the pizzas were gone, I slipped Holy Grail into my DVD player. We reached the part with Castle Anthrax when Sedona suddenly lifted her head and stared toward the window. The curtain was closed, so I couldn’t see what attracted her attention. Mark was laughing at the movie, but I was watching Sedona. She slowly rose and walked toward the front door, my eyes tracking her every move. I couldn’t hear anything over the sound of the movie, so I reached over and paused it.
“Bathroom break? You want me to re-up our drinks?” Mark asked.
“I think Sedona hears something outside,” I said, pointing to the dog.
“Oh, she probably just has to poop. I’ll take her out.” He went to get the leash while I peeked out the front window. I didn’t see anything. 
We both walked out together for a quick loop around the neighborhood. It was an uneventful walk. Sedona continued to pace restlessly when we got back, though, so Mark finally ordered her to sit. She laid down beside us and didn’t stir again. 
The movie’s end credits were rolling when there was a terrific crashing and banging outside. We both jerked straight up. Mark ran to the door and flung it open. He stopped dead in his tracks, and I ran into the back of him. Feeling slightly stupid, I mumbled an apology and then stepped up beside him to see what he was looking at. 
I stopped and stared in surprise at the spectacle, not believing my eyes. The front yard was strewn with trash that had been set on fire. My rental car was on fire as well. People were coming out of their homes, and running over. Mark ran inside and grabbed his cellphone to dial 911. I ran around the side of the house to grab the hose and to turn the water spigot on. The next door neighbor, Ron, was already ahead of me with his hose, trying to put out the car fire, so I sprayed the flaming trash on the lawn with water. The neighbors were forming staring groups, a few younger ones filming the action with their cell phones. Within minutes, the fire trucks rolled up. They quickly extinguished the rest of the flames, then the police pulled up next. Fortunately, they were different officers than the ones who had come out previously. With the fire out, most of the neighbors started to disperse. I gave the police yet another brief history of my run-ins with Sharon. They looked around while Ron talked with me and Mark. 
“So you think this woman Sharon did this?” Ron asked.
“That’s the working theory at this point,” I said. 
“Well, I haven’t seen anyone strange hanging around, but I’ll definitely keep an eye out. Let me know if you need anything,” Ron said.
I thanked him for his help, and then he left. The police came over with sober expressions on their faces.
“Well, we have determined that some sort of improvised explosive device was detonated under your car.”
Mark and I gaped at them in astonishment. 
“Are you freakin’ serious?” I asked. 
“Probably a small homemade bomb, combined with an accelerant. Do you have somewhere we can talk? We’d like to ask you a few more questions.”
I invited them inside where we could sit down. They asked me more questions about Sharon and about anyone else who might have a grudge against me. One of them recognized Mark and even asked him for an autograph. “It’s for my daughter,” the officer said, turning pink.
The police promised they would drive by every so often to keep an eye on things, and then everyone left, leaving me and Mark alone. 
“I’ve gotta clean up the trash,” I said.
“Just leave it for tomorrow,” Mark said.
“I can’t leave it out there. It’ll blow all around.”
“Okay, fine. I’ll help.”
I went and got trashbags and two rakes from the shed, and we cleaned up the lawn as best we could. It was late by the time we finished up.
“Come stay with me at my house tonight,” Mark said.
“No, I’ll be fine. The police said they would be driving by. I don’t expect anything more from Sharon tonight.”
“Then I’ll spend the night here.”
“No need. You don’t need to disrupt your life. I’ll be fine. Really.”
Mark looked skeptical. “I really don’t feel right leaving you alone. I’ll sleep on the sofa. Sedona can give us a heads up if she senses anyone. I have an appointment tomorrow morning, so I’ll be gone before you wake. And it will give us both some peace of mind.”
I couldn’t deny it would give me a greater sense of security to have someone else here, so I finally gave in. We both showered to wash the stink of burning trash off of us, then I set up the sofa for him to sleep on. We were exhausted. I heard Mark already snoring loudly as I brushed my teeth. I was planning on leaving my bedroom door open, but his snores changed my mind. I gently closed the door and then snuggled down into my bed, my eyes closing and my mind slipping away to sweet oblivion within minutes.
Chapter 20
Sunday, October 19, 2014
I woke around 9:00 the next morning. Mark and Sedona were gone. I had a text on my phone from him telling me to stay alert, and letting me know that he would call later. I called my aunt to let her know what happened. She showed up 15 minutes later, looking understandably upset. After surveying the damage outside, she scooped up Morgan and hugged her tight. 
“What are the police going to do?” she asked.
“They’re investigating it. I think the sheriff’s office is involved. To be honest, I was having trouble concentrating on what they were telling me last night.”
She put Morgan down, gave me a big hug and then wiped a tear from her eye.
“You could have been hurt. Anyone could have been hurt! This woman is dangerous. I’m glad to see the authorities are taking it seriously now.”
“I don’t think they have a choice. She kind of forced their hand,” I said.
“You should have come over to Bob’s last night. I don’t like the thought of you here alone anymore.”
“I wasn’t alone. Mark and Sedona spent the night.”
“Well, that was good of him.” She sighed. “Now what? Do we just sit and wait for Sharon to strike again?”
“If you don’t mind, I need to go by the car rental.”
“Of course.” 
She drove me to the rental agency, where I spent quite some time explaining the situation and showing them the police report. I needed another car, but they seemed reluctant to rent me another one, so we went to another car rental place afterward, where I was able to rent a tiny red Toyota Yaris that ran like a wind-up toy. 
My aunt invited me to stay at Bob’s house with her for the night, but I declined. She went back to Bob’s while I went home with my new rental car and called another home security company. I explained the extenuating circumstances and arranged to have a system installed the following day.
Aidan still hadn’t called me back from yesterday. I was starting to get worried and wondered if I should drive by his place. Then Mark called me.
“Carys, everything kosher there?”
“Everything is fine. I got another car, and I arranged to have a security system installed tomorrow.”
“Excellent.”
“What was your meeting this morning?” I asked.
“Well, Miss Nosy Noserson, I’m glad you asked. I had a breakfast meeting with my publisher.”
“Are you writing another book?” I asked excitedly.
“Actually, I already wrote it.”
“What?!” I exclaimed. “When did you write it?”
“I’ve been writing it, off and on, for the past couple of years. I got more serious about it after I got laid off from the community college.”
“I had no idea. You little sneak! What is it about?” I asked.
“It’s another vampire story, but this time it’s written from the perspective of a dog.”
“Really?”
“Yes, really. It’s better than it sounds. Trust me.”
“Oh, I’m not doubting you. I’m just amazed that you were able to come up with something new from a used-up genre that I thought had been wrung of every last drop of creativity,” I said.
“It’s true, vampire fiction is a little played-out right now, but with recent events, I figured I had an inside angle on it, something new to contribute.”
“True dat,” I said. “I’m happy for you. Everyone’s upgrading their life. We should celebrate.”
“Come over tonight. I’ll make dinner, and we can drink the good stuff.”
“You shouldn’t have to cook when we’re celebrating your achievement. You come over here, and I’ll cook something for us.”
There was a moment of silence. 
“Uh, did you say that you were going to cook?” Mark asked.
He sounded concerned. I couldn’t rightly blame him. I love, Love, LOVE eating food, but I am completely inept when it comes to cooking food. Even if I follow a recipe exactly, it is always a disaster of epic proportions. My excursions into the world of cooking have always met with dismal failure. There’s a reason my aunt banned me from ever utilizing any appliances in the kitchen except for the microwave. 
“You know, I made a cheese soufflé once that was out of this world,” I said.
“Yeah, yeah. We all know the story about how you made a soufflé once that was excellent. But that was in high school, and you’ve never been able to re-create that success since. I still insist that was beginner’s luck.”
“I don’t mean to be rude, but you’re kind of being an ingrate,” I said sulkily.
“Okay, okay. You’re right. I’m sorry. Just…be careful, Carys,” he said. 
“I’m not a moron,” I said.
“I didn’t say you were a moron. Just keep the fire extinguisher handy. For my peace of mind.”
I assured him I wasn’t going to set the kitchen on fire. He said he would be by around 6:00, and then he hung up so he could go run some errands. 
I tidied up the house a bit and then looked up some recipes online. I decided on something relatively simple. Lasagna. Mark’s favorite. We had had it at Olivia’s, but that was over a week ago, and I was sure Mark wouldn’t mind having it again. I went to the Steal or Deal and purchased all the necessary items. I dropped them off at home and then drove to Aidan’s house. Once again, I had no trouble getting in the gate. I was worried about the lack of good security and dreaded what I would find at Aidan’s house. His yellow bug was sitting in his driveway. I parked beside it and got out. I rang his doorbell and waited. Nothing. I rang his doorbell again. Several seconds passed before the door was finally opened. 
“Hey Carys. What are you doing here?” Aidan asked, stepping back to let me inside.
“What do you mean what am I doing here? I was worried about you!” I said.
He shut the door behind us and then turned to face me.
“I’m fine,” he said.
“You didn’t call or text me back!”
“I’m sorry. I don’t get good reception here,” he said, looking away. 
“I was just worried when I didn’t hear from you,” I said. “Sharon struck again last night.”
Aidan stood up straighter. “What happened?” he asked.
I told him about the car “bomb” and the trash fire.
“Goddamnit!” he swore. “I went out last night and tried to find her, but I have no idea where she is. I still can’t get a reading on her. I’m out of ideas.”
“Well now the authorities are looking for her. She can’t hide forever,” I said. 
“She just better pray I don’t find her first.”
“Get in line,” I said. “There are quite a number of us who want to get our hands on her.”
“Are you going to be okay tonight?” he asked.
“I’ll be fine,” I reassured him.
“I’ll feel much better after you get the security system installed.”
“Me, too.”
I gave him a quick hug and then left. 
I went home, assembled the lasagna, and put it in the refrigerator to sit until later. Then I ran out to the Herald offices to check for messages. Of course, there were none. Bob showed up as I was leaving. He was on his cell phone, but he held up a hand, indicating for me to stay. He got off the phone and then gave me a squeeze on the arm. 
“How ya doin’, kiddo?” he asked.
“Bob, I’m not gonna lie. I’ve been better.”
“Your Aunt Jenny is terrified something is going to happen to you. You know you’re welcome at my house any time, right?”
I nodded. “Thanks. I appreciate that. We get the security system installed tomorrow. Hopefully, the cops will pick up Sharon soon.”
“They better. I don’t know how much longer Jenny can stand the stress.” 
I noticed Bob had bags under his own eyes. 
“Try not to worry. I’ll tell Aunt Jenny I’m spending the night somewhere else tonight.”
“She’ll be relieved to hear that.”
I patted Bob on the back, told him to take care, and then I drove home. 
The rest of the afternoon passed quickly. I popped the lasagna in the oven at 5:45 and opened up a bottle of wine to let it breathe. 
I sat down in front of the TV to wait for Mark. When he hadn’t arrived by 6:30, I was a little anxious. I figured he would have texted or called if he was going to be late. I texted him, asking if he was still coming over. No answer. 7:00 rolled around, and still no word. I paced back and forth. He finally called at 7:15. 
“Mark! Is everything okay?”
“Everything’s fine. I’m sorry I didn’t call earlier. I’m at the hospital with my mom. She had a mini stroke.”
“What?! Oh my god! Is she okay?”
“She’s going to be fine. No permanent damage. It was just scary.”
“I bet. Can I do anything?” I asked.
“No, we’re fine, thanks. They’re sending her home with instructions to see her doctor soon. I’m going to stay the night at her place.”
“Of course,” I said. “You belong there.”
“I hate to ask this, but do you mind going by my house and letting Sedona out? Give her some food, too?”
“Of course I don’t mind. I’ll go right now.”
“Thanks. There’s a spare key in the flowerpot by the front door. You’ll have to feel around with your fingers, but it’s not buried too deep.”
“Okay.”
“I really think you should go stay at Bob’s tonight with your aunt,” Mark said.
“I’ll be fine,” I assured him.
“Carys, I would feel much better if you weren’t alone tonight.”
“Mark, I’ll be fine. Go take care of your mom.”
Mark sighed.
“How about you stay at my place with Sedona tonight?” he suggested. “Please.”
It was the “please” that got to me. Plus, the poor guy sounded exhausted. I didn’t want to add to his worries. 
“Fine. I’ll stay at your place tonight.”
“Thank you,” he said gratefully.
“Just go take care of Olivia and don’t worry about me. And if you need me to watch Sedona longer, I can.”
“No, I’ll be back tomorrow. Be careful, okay? See you in the morning.”
“Okay. Give Olivia my love and let her know I’m thinking about her.”
“I will. Bye.”
“Bye.”
I hung up, texted my aunt that I would be at Mark’s, and then started packing an overnight bag. I made sure Morgan had food and water, and I was halfway out the door to leave for Mark’s when I smelled something burning. Just then, the smoke alarm sounded its high pitched beeping. Morgan hissed and ran into my aunt’s room. I looked around wildly before I realized the burning smell was coming from the kitchen. The lasagna was burning! I had forgotten to set the timer, and it was way past the time it should have come out of the oven. I hurriedly turned off the oven and grabbed some potholders to pull out the lasagna. Then I took the broom and reached up with the handle to hit the smoke alarm, turning it off. The lasagna was a blackened, smoking mess. It was a good thing Mark didn’t come over, I reflected. Yet again, my culinary skills left something to be desired. Nothing seemed to be aflame, so I left the ruined meal on the counter, made doubly sure everything was turned off, and then I left for Mark’s house. 
Just as Mark said, I found the key in the flowerpot and let myself in the house. Sedona came forward to meet me, her tail wagging in friendly greeting. I patted her on the head, and she butted my leg with her nose. 
“Okay, girl. Let me put my stuff down, and then we’ll go for a walk,” I said.
She followed me as I deposited my bag. I checked the doors and windows to make sure they were locked, and then I grabbed her leash. 
Walking around Mark’s neighborhood was a much more pleasant experience than walking around mine. His neighborhood had wide, well-kempt sidewalks with street lighting at regular intervals. I felt relatively safe walking Sedona, yet I carried some pepper spray just in case. We made a quick loop around the block. Sedona did her business and then waited patiently while I fumbled with the doggy bag. 
“Good girl,” I said as we went back in the house. “Who’s a good girl? You are. Yes, you’re a good girl.” 
I took off her leash and gave her some food and fresh water. She gulped down both and then looked expectantly at me, her tail wagging. I checked Yoda’s food and water, but he had those automatic dispensers, so everything was fine. Sedona was still following me around.
“What do you want?” I asked her. 
She stared up at me with her big puppy dog eyes. 
“Do you want to play?” I asked.
Her tag wagged faster. I looked around and saw a small basket of dog toys in the corner. I grabbed a stuffed animal and held it out. She grasped it in her jaws and pulled the toy away, shaking it. Then she laid down with it and worried at it with her teeth. Yoda sat and watched us, his expression inscrutable. I always felt like he was judging me. I wondered if Sedona felt like Yoda was judging her, too.
As Sedona seemed content to sit and entertain herself, I went back out for some food. I grabbed a burger at a nearby drive-through and then went back to Mark’s. Settling down on the sofa, I turned on the TV, burger in hand. Sedona came over to investigate, so I tossed her a couple of french fries. She continued to stare at me, so I invited her up on the sofa with me. She jumped up like she was used to it. I spent the rest of the evening watching TV with Sedona’s head in my lap, my fingers stroking her silky fur and drawing comfort from her presence.
After a couple hours, I decided to retire for the night. Sedona followed me into one of the guest rooms. It felt weird sleeping in a big, empty house, so I shut the guest room door before turning out the light. About ten minutes later, I heard this terrible screeching right outside the door. It sounded like a human child wailing in the night. I turned on the light and looked at Sedona. She looked back at me. The noise continued without abating. There was no way in hell I was going out there. I bolted out of bed, ran to the bedroom door, and locked it. Then I leaped back into bed and pulled the covers over my head. After what seemed an eternity, the unholy noise stopped. A couple hours later, exhaustion took over, and I finally drifted off to sleep, the bedside lamp still shining brightly to ward off any demons.
Chapter 21
Monday, October 20, 2014 
I woke up early the next morning, disoriented by my strange surroundings. It took me a moment to remember I was in Mark’s guest room. I rose and went downstairs, the enticing aroma of fresh coffee drawing me forward. Mark was in the kitchen, pouring a mug for himself.
“Hey,” I said.
He looked up and smiled.
“Hey, yourself. How was your night?” he asked.
“It was good, except for the ghost.”
“Huh?” He looked at me in puzzlement. “What ghost?”
“Whatever godawful demon you have haunting your home.” I described the inhuman sound that had pierced the night.
Mark laughed. “That was Yoda. You were in ‘his’ room. He usually sleeps in that room at night. He must have been voicing his displeasure.”
I shuddered. “I actually slept with the light on and the bedroom door locked. I was scared shitless.”
I glared at Mark as he continued to laugh.
“How is your mom?” I asked, changing the subject.
“She’s okay. I think she’s scared, but she’s trying to put on a brave face for me. I told her she better see her doctor this week or else she’d have to answer to me.”
“How are you doing?”
He rubbed his face. “I know she’s okay, but it scared me, too. Made me realize I’ve been taking her for granted and should probably visit her more often.”
I walked over and patted his arm.
“Anyway, I’m sorry about last night,” he said. “I got the call as I was getting ready to go to your place. I ran out of here and didn’t have a chance to call you until later.”
“No need to apologize,” I assured him.
“Are you available tonight?”
“How about tomorrow night?” I suggested. “I think I need a night off.”
“Sounds good. My treat. Since I ruined dinner last night.”
“I told you, you don’t have to apologize for last night. It’s all good.”
“What did you fix for dinner last night anyway?”
“Oh, nothing special. Just some chicken with tarragon in a white wine sauce with a medley of marinated vegetables and mashed potatoes. And it came out spectacularly, I might add,” I said smugly.
Mark’s eyes bugged out of his head. 
“Oh boy. That sounds absolutely delicious. I guess I was wrong about your culinary skills. I’m sorry I missed it.”
“No worries. Another time, perhaps. If you’re lucky,” I said.
My phone rang. It was my aunt.
“Aunt Jenny,” I said.
“Carys! What happened in here? What is this burned lump sitting on the counter? Oh my good lord. Sharon has struck again.”
“No, Aunt Jenny. Sharon didn’t strike again.”
“Well, then, what on earth is this thing?” she asked.
I looked up at Mark. He was looking back at me, his face expressionless. I couldn’t tell if he could hear my aunt’s squawking, but I turned away from him anyway and lowered my voice.
“Don’t worry about it,” I whispered to my aunt. “I’ll take care of it when I get home.”
“Wait, I think I recognize it. Is it lasagna? Is this lasagna? Were you actually cooking in he—“
I pressed the button to end the call and then turned to Mark. His face was scrunched up in suppressed laughter. It finally burst forth in a loud guffaw. He had obviously heard the whole exchange.
“Stop with your ruckus,” I said. 
He continued to laugh. 
“It’s not funny!” I said indignantly.
“Chicken in a white wine sauce. With a VEGETABLE MEDLEY!” He burst out laughing again. 
I rummaged around, found a mug, and poured myself a cup of coffee. I stirred some cream in, and took a sip. Mark finally quieted down.
“I’m sorry. That--that felt good,” he gasped.
“I’m glad I could provide some comic relief,” I said sourly. 
“I’m sorry your lasagna didn’t turn out. But thank you for making dinner.”
“You’re welcome,” I said. 
He chuckled again. 
“With that out of the way, I’m going to go pop in the shower and then head out,” I said. “The security people are coming to install the home alarm system.”
I gulped down the rest of my coffee and went back upstairs, Mark’s chuckles continuing to issue forth.
He hadn’t slept well last night, so he was going back to bed. We promised to talk soon, and then I left, feeling Yoda’s baleful stare from the front window as I walked down the driveway to my car.
I pulled up to my aunt’s house just as the security van pulled up. The technician and I walked up together, and I gave him a brief rundown of why we needed the security system. Aunt Jenny was in the shower, so I showed him around the house. He eyed the lasagna distastefully and gave it a wide berth. Honestly, I thought, it’s not like it’s a bomb!
I left him to do his job and then went to unpack my overnight bag. My aunt came into my room as I was finishing up.
“I thought we had an agreement about you cooking in this house,” she said sternly.
I rolled my eyes. “Relax. Nothing happened.”
“Just barely!”
I thought about how I almost left the house with the lasagna still in the turned-on oven. I shuddered to think what would have happened if the smoke alarm hadn’t gone off. I decided my aunt didn’t need to know about that part.
“I’m sorry. You’re right. I violated the pact. I won’t cook here again.”
“Too right you won’t.”
“I won’t. You have my word on it.”
“Well, okay, then.”
“The security guy is here,” I said, changing the subject.
“Good. I’ll feel much safer with an alarm system. But how are we paying for this?” she asked.
“They’re going to bill Aidan.” I had already talked it over with him. “He feels responsible for this woman coming into our lives.”
“Hm,” said Aunt Jenny.
I walked out of my bedroom and into the living room. I didn’t want to talk about Aidan. My aunt followed me. 
“You stayed at Mark’s last night, right?” she asked.
“I did. I stayed there with Sedona. Mark was at his mom’s. She had a mini stroke.” 
My aunt was instantly concerned. I assured her that everything was fine. Fortunately, that got her off my back and she didn’t question me further about Aidan or Mark. 
The security technician installed alarms on the windows and doors, and he put up motion triggered lights along the outside of the house. He programmed in our security code and then walked us through everything. I had to admit, I felt a lot better knowing our home was protected with the security system. 
After he left, my aunt and I went out for a bite to eat at the Green Buffalo Tavern. I asked her how the wedding planning was coming along. 
“It’s coming along. I don’t know why I bought all those wedding magazines. We don’t have a lot of money to spend on a wedding, so we decided to just go to the courthouse. Simple.”
“Cheap and easy, you mean. Is that what you want?”
“We just want to be together. We don’t need a big wedding.”
“I’m not talking about a big wedding. I’m talking about a small, simple wedding surrounded by your closest friends and relatives.”
“Weddings cost money. We would prefer to save our money for other stuff. Bob’s thinking about getting rid of the newspaper, so we’re looking at cutting back on expenses. Once the newspaper is closed or sold off, we would love to do some traveling.”
I smiled at her eagerness. “That sounds like a fine idea,” I said. “What are you going to wear?”
“Oh, I think I have a dress that will do.”
“Aunt Jenny,” I chided, “you’re getting married! You need to wear something special, not just a dress that ‘will do’.” 
“Well, I guess I could find something else.”
“We could go to Bijou’s Bridal in Cambria,” I said.
“I don’t need a wedding dress!”
“Let’s just duck in there. Real quick-like. We’ll look around and leave. In and out.”
I finally got her to agree. We paid our bill and then drove over to the bridal shop. An elegant, well-dressed woman in a dark suit and a neat chignon greeted us and asked how she could assist. I told her my aunt was getting married. She congratulated my aunt and then said she had a number of dresses she could show us. 
“Nothing expensive or extravagant. Appropriate for my age,” my aunt said. 
The shop attendant, Lisa, selected a variety of dresses for Aunt Jenny to try on. I went back with her into the dressing room to help her. I plucked a dress out of the bunch and held it up. A beautiful A-line in a champagne hue with gold and silver beading that lent sparkle and shine. It was complemented by a little gold jacket. I helped her into it, and we went out into the showroom where the full length mirrors were. Her face lit up with delight when she saw herself. 
“Oh my,” she breathed.
Tears sprung to my eyes. “Oh, Aunt Jenny, you look absolutely enchanting.”
She turned around, tears sparkling in her own eyes.
I hugged her. “This is the dress.”
She nodded. “This is the dress,” she agreed.
I pulled out the tag and looked at it, breathing a huge sigh of relief when I saw the steeply discounted price. The dress fit perfectly, so we wouldn’t have to pay extra for alterations, either. We paid for the dress and then went home, my aunt beaming with joy and excitement. 
We walked in the house and my aunt turned to me suddenly.
“Oh, Carys. With all that’s been going on, I keep forgetting to ask you. Would you be my maid of honor?” Aunt Jenny asked.
“I would be honored to,” I said.
“We should have looked at dresses for you, too.”
“We can look later,” I promised. 
She went off to hang up her dress while I started coming up with ways to throw her a budget wedding. She might have said she would be fine with a justice of the peace wedding, but all those bridal magazines she purchased said otherwise.
I picked up one of the magazines and flipped through it. Budget weddings seemed to be a popular topic. I was looking at the pictures when my phone buzzed. It was Aidan.
“Hey,” I said.
“Hey. Did you get the security system installed?”
“Indeed, we did. Thank you.” 
“Don’t mention it. It was the least I could do.”
“Anything new with Sharon?” I asked.
“Nothing. Are you free tonight?”
“I am. Finally a free night. I’m looking forward to just staying in and relaxing.”
“Oh, okay.” I could hear the disappointment in Aidan’s voice.
“We should get together later this week,” I suggested.
“Sure. That sounds good.”
I continued to page through the bridal magazines after getting off the phone. Ideas were bouncing around in my head. I smiled when I realized my aunt was humming the bridal march again. It just reinforced my decision to throw her a decent wedding. I spent the rest of the afternoon formulating a plan.
My aunt and I passed a pleasant evening watching This is Spinal Tap. I couldn’t help but look over at her several times throughout the night, trying to capture this time together and lock it away in my memories of her.
“Why do you keep looking over here? Do I have something on my face?” she asked.
“No, I’m just having a good time.”
She smiled. “So am I.” 
That night when I went to bed, I finally felt a little optimism, some comfort. Maybe things were finally taking a turn for the better, I thought. I snuggled down and slept the best sleep I had had in a while. Little did I know it was just the calm before the storm.
Chapter 22
Tuesday, October 21, 2014
The following morning was another beautiful day. I rose and went in the kitchen, grabbed some banana bread, and turned on the TV. The news was on. I reached for the remote and was about to change the channel when I heard the name, “Sharon Atwater.”
I quickly turned up the volume and listened to the news report. Sharon had committed suicide. At Reverend Gary’s headquarters! What the hell was going on? 
The news didn’t contain much information. Sharon had stabbed herself in her chest, right through the heart. She had a note on her saying, “Goodbye cruel world.” She had apparently been dead for a few days but hadn’t been found until recently because her body was at Reverend Gary’s new headquarters, which were still being built. Funding had dried up for the religious complex, so no workers had been there in a couple of months. It was just luck that someone had stopped there to look around and had found her. Investigators were working to determine time of death. I called Aidan. He didn’t pick up, so I left a message asking him to call me back ASAP. A few minutes later he called.
“Aidan!”
“What’s up?”
“Have you seen the news? Sharon committed suicide! At Reverend Gary’s headquarters!!”
There was silence. Finally Aidan spoke.
“Well, I guess we don’t have to worry about Sharon anymore.” His voice sounded oddly flat and stilted.
“You don’t seem surprised by this new development,” I said.
Aidan sighed.
“What do you want me to say, Carys? You know I wasn’t a fan of Sharon’s.”
“Did you feel anything from her? You know, any emotions that let you know she was going to commit suicide?” I asked.
“I might have felt something,” he said vaguely.
I felt like stamping my foot in frustration. What was wrong with him?
“Well, I have some research to do, so I’m gonna go,” Aidan said.
Research? What kind of research? Too late. Aidan had hung up.
I stared at the phone in surprise. What the hell just happened?
The phone rang as I was staring at it. It was Mark.
“Carys, have you seen the news? Is that the kook who was following us?”
“Yes,” I said.
“She committed suicide!”
“Looks that way,” I said.
“What’s wrong with you? Why aren’t you more surprised about this??”
“Sorry, I’m a little distracted right now. I was very surprised to hear about Sharon. I’m just kind of in shock right now.”
“Well, I can certainly understand that. I’ll let you go. Give me a call later, though, okay?” 
I promised I would call him later and then hung up. I stared off into space, thinking about Aidan and his earlier promise that he would take care of Sharon.
I spent the rest of the day thinking things through. My aunt was flitting about the house humming the wedding march, so I closed myself off in my room. 
I couldn’t stop thinking about Aidan. How he promised to “take care of” Sharon, his odd response to the news of her suicide, the abrupt way he hung up the phone on me. Was it possible Aidan had killed Sharon? And if so, was it possible he had killed Lucy as well? I really only had Aidan’s word that Tom Boursin had killed Lucy. He could have easily lied to me. I already suspected he wasn’t telling me the whole truth. And then there was the fact that Sharon had been dead for many days. That meant someone else was responsible for the break-in and the car incident. The realization hit me hard.
Oh god. Aidan was the murderer. He killed Sharon and Lucy. It was too much of a coincidence. And then he trashed my room and my car because he was angry about my relationship with Mark.
I felt like I was going to be sick. 
I went in the kitchen and grabbed a large knife, which I hid by my bed. Then I called Mark.
“I think Aidan killed Sharon,” I blurted out.
“What?”
“I think Aidan killed Sharon. And maybe Loose Lucy. And also, I think he’s the one who’s been terrorizing me.”
“I thought you said Aidan was harmless!”
“I was wrong!”
“So what do we do?” Mark sounded panicked.
“I don’t know. Just keep your doors locked. Don’t venture out at night.”
“For how long?”
“I don’t know. I need to think about this.”
“Maybe you should come over here. There’s safety in numbers,” Mark suggested.
“I can’t leave my aunt here alone.”
There was silence.
“Wait, I have an idea. Let me take care of some stuff here, and then I’ll see you at your place,” I said.
I ran to my aunt and told her she needed to go stay with Bob for a while.
“What on earth is going on?” she said.
“I need you to trust me on this, okay? Just go stay with Bob for a while. Please,” I pleaded. 
My aunt gave me a hard look and then nodded. 
We both went to pack our suitcases. I followed her to Bob’s, where I made them promise to limit their nighttime activities and to be extra vigilant. Then I headed over to Mark’s.
He came out as I pulled up and grabbed my suitcase for me. Inside, I noticed he had hung some garlic strands about the house. 
We sat down, and I told him everything I knew or had deduced. He agreed with me that Aidan probably killed Sharon and Lucy. 
We sat around and moped for a little while. Then Mark threw together some pasta, buttered bread, and a Caesar salad with homemade dressing, sans garlic since it was already in use about the premises. Everything was quite tasty. We even opened up a bottle of chianti. We should have kept our senses honed, but we figured what the hell. If a vampire wanted to kill us, the vampire would kill us. 
After dinner and some wine, Mark dragged out his old edition of Trivial Pursuit that he had finally tracked down in his attic. 
“Let the games begin!” he announced.
We played until about 9:30. I checked my phone and saw that Aidan had called me several times. He did not leave any voicemail messages. I called my aunt to check up on her. She and Bob were both fine. In fact, she sounded the happiest I’d heard her in a long time.
I was exhausted and decided to go to bed, but Mark wanted to stay up to watch the late news. I bid him good night and headed up to one of the guest rooms, pointedly avoiding Yoda’s chosen bedroom this time. Unpacking my suitcase, I realized I had forgotten anything to sleep in, so Mark loaned me his Banana Slugs t-shirt and a pair of his boxers. I had forgotten how soft the t-shirt was. And it smelled like Mark, a clean manly scent. 
I took a quick shower, brushed my teeth, and then got in bed. And laid there, unable to fall asleep. I felt exhausted just a half hour ago. Why couldn’t I go to sleep? My phone rang. It was Aidan. I let it go to voicemail. A few minutes later, my phone pinged, indicating I had a text message. I ignored it. Then my phone rang again. Again, it was Aidan. I ignored it and set the ringer to Vibrate. I was pretty sure Aidan wouldn’t go after my aunt, but I wanted to keep my phone on just in case she needed to get in touch with me. 
After laying in bed a little longer, I got up and went back downstairs to join Mark. He was sitting on the couch nursing a beer and watching baseball.
“Everything okay?” he asked when he saw me.
“Yeah. I just can’t sleep.”
“Come here.” He patted the cushion beside him.
I sat down, and he started rubbing my back. It felt heavenly. And it felt good to have some good old fashioned human-to-human contact. Slowly, the tension started fading away. My shoulders began to droop, and I leaned back onto Mark’s shoulder. He put his arm around me and continued to watch the game. I felt safe and comfortable there in the crook of his arm. My eyelids started to close. The background droning of the baseball announcers acted like a sedative, lulling me to sleep. Soon I was in dreamland.
When I woke, an infomercial for Reverend Gary was on TV. The clock on the cable box read 3:00 a.m. A blanket was draped over me, and I was curled up against Mark. His head was back, and he was snoring softly, his arm still holding me securely against him. I shifted position, and his arm tightened around me, pulling me close. He mumbled my name and then started snoring again. I waited a few beats and then tried to gently extricate myself from his embrace. Suddenly Mark stopped snoring, and his eyes opened. He looked straight at me, our eyes locking, and then he pulled me toward him. His mouth closed on mine. I stiffened in surprise and then immediately relaxed and gave in to the kiss.
Chapter 23
Wednesday, October 22, 2014 
I woke late the next day. I stretched languidly and then lay in bed thinking about last night. I couldn’t stop smiling. I emerged from the guestroom to find Yoda sitting outside my door, staring at me. I grinned at him, and he got up, turned his tail at me, and sauntered away. Mark wasn’t there, but he had left a note saying he had taken Sedona to Lake Pohannon. Wrote that he would be back around noon, and we could go out for lunch. I texted my aunt and confirmed that she and Bob were doing well. I had multiple missed calls and texts from Aidan, but I ignored them. I saw in the kitchen that Mark had purchased some cranberry walnut bread for me, so I munched on that and then headed to the Herald offices. I was just unlocking the front door to the office when Bob Shaw pulled up. He seemed excited about something.
“A weekday wedding to attend?” I asked.
“Big news on the wire. Reverend Gary is a fraud and possibly a murderer! There’s a massive manhunt out for him.”
I stared at Bob in surprise and then followed him inside the building to get more information. 
He made a few phone calls and then told me what had been pieced together thus far. My jaw dropped as I heard the details.
“There was a suicide a couple nights ago. Some woman named Sharon Atwater. Well, a relative was going through her stuff, and some papers were discovered in which Ms. Atwater accused Reverend Gary of being a former stripper. Get this, he went by the name of Dong Johnson! I mean, can you believe it?!” Bob hooted with laughter. “The woman supposedly had pictures to prove it. Questions started buzzing about whether or not Ms. Atwater’s death was really a suicide or if Reverend Gary had silenced her before she could out him as a former stripper. Well, all this started to blow up, and then the FBI came forward and said they had been investigating Reverend Gary the past few months for fraud and embezzlement. Meanwhile, Reverend Gary has gone into hiding. Oh boy. This is big. BIG!” Bob was practically rubbing his hands together with glee. “I’m gonna head up to Stockton and see if I can get anyone else to talk to me. Take some pictures of the headquarters and stuff. You wanna come?”
I slowly shook my head, so he raced out to get the scoop, leaving me behind in my stunned silence. 
I sat down and stared off into space, my mind blank. Then it started cranking up, and the thoughts began whirring through my head a mile a minute. Was it possible Reverend Gary was Tom Boursin?! But Reverend Gary was in his 50s, and vampires don’t age! Unless he used some sort of disguise, but that was a risky idea, especially for such a high-profile semi-celebrity. 
I ran out to my car and drove home. I rushed inside and found the old newspaper article on Loose Lucy. Then I went online and found a recent picture of Reverend Gary. I held up Tom Boursin’s picture next to Reverend Gary’s and studied them side by side. I stared at them, aghast. They were the same man! Yes, Reverend Gary looked older and much more distinguished with a touch of gray at the temples and a more sober look on his face, crow’s feet at the corners of his eyes. He also looked remarkably fit for a man his supposed age. And when looking at the two pictures together, there were definite similarities. Sharon must have come to the same realization when she saw Tom Boursin’s picture in my car. She must have confronted Reverend Gary. And then Reverend Gary killed her in exactly the same way he killed Lucy all those years ago. Aidan hadn’t lied to me at all! 
I sat down on my bed and stared off into space again, mind blank, unwilling to think about what this meant. I pulled out my phone and looked at the call log. Aidan hadn’t called since late last night. I closed my eyes and breathed slowly. 
I opened my eyes and looked around my bedroom. It felt safe and comforting here in my room. I didn’t want to leave. My heart began to pound faster, and I took slow steadying breaths to calm myself down. I didn’t know what to do. I was at a complete loss. 
I heard the front door open and then footsteps approaching my bedroom. My aunt’s head peeked around the corner. 
“Oh, hi,” she said. “I came back for a few things. Forgot my robe.” She stepped inside my room and looked at me closely. “Are you okay?”
I stared at her bleakly.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked.
I shook my head. 
“Do you want me to stick around?”
“No, I’m okay now.” I gave her a wobbly smile to reassure her. She gave me a hug and then went out. She came back a few minutes later with an overnight bag.
“Are you sure you’re going to be alright?”
“Yes. Thanks.”
“I love you,” she said.
“I love you, too.” 
She left, and I laid down on my bed, looking up at the ceiling. Now what?
It took some time to psych myself up, but after texting Mark to let him know I would be back later, I drove to Aidan’s house. I parked beside his Bug and sat in the car, reluctant to move. His front door opened, and he looked out at me. I slowly got out of my car and walked up, avoiding his eyes.
“Carys,” he said woodenly.
“I need to see you. Can I come in?”
“Now’s not a good time.”
“Please.”
He hesitated a moment, then stepped back to admit me.
He closed the door and walked into the living room. I trailed along behind. Just as we sat down, someone walked into the room. A ridiculously handsome man around our age with dark brown hair, wearing dark jeans and a deep red polo shirt. He was an impressive physical specimen. He saw me and froze. His glance darted to Aidan and then back to me. I thought I saw a glint of anger in his dark eyes before he carefully smoothed his face into an expressionless mask. 
“It’s okay. This is Carys,” Aidan said. “Carys, this is Tom Boursin.”
My eyes widened as I realized I was looking at Dong Johnson. No wonder the ladies loved him.
“How do you do?” I asked politely.
“I’ve been better,” he said, and grinned. He walked forward and held out his hand. I shook his hand in greeting, and then we both stepped back, appraising each other. 
“Reverend Gary?” I asked doubtfully.
Tom’s grin widened. “One and the same.” 
“How did you age yourself?”
“Makeup, hair dye, clothing, mannerisms. You’re selling yourself as a product. It’s all in how you package that product. And when people want to believe, they choose to ignore anything that doesn’t fit in with their view.”
I thought about this. 
“Well, I’ll leave you two alone,” he said, and left.
Aidan and I sat together on the sofa in awkward silence. 
“So, that’s Tom,” I said lamely.
“Yeah. That’s Tom.” 
Silence. I cleared my throat.
“What happened with Sharon?” I asked.
“That’s actually an interesting story,” Aidan said. He sighed heavily. “Turns out I had it all wrong. Tom didn’t kill Lucy. Sharon killed Lucy.”
“What?!” I exclaimed.
“Yeah. She confessed it all to Tom. Lucy told Sharon that Tom had been feeding from her, and Sharon lost it. Enraged and jealous, she slit Lucy’s throat. Panicked when she realized what she had done and then tried to make it look like a suicide. But feeling guilty, she blamed Tom for everything. When she realized that Tom was Reverend Gary, she confronted him. Right before she attacked him, she told him what happened to Lucy and told him it was his fault all this started.”
“She attacked him?”
“She tried to. He deflected her, and she fell down onto the wooden stake she was carrying. Went right into her heart. Poetic justice, isn’t it? She actually cried out Lucy’s name right before she died. Tom decided to take a page from her book and make it look like a suicide. Penned the same suicide note as Sharon had for Lucy. But it was harder to sell this time. And then Sharon’s sister found some stuff at her house that pointed the finger at Tom. But the cops just think Dong Johnson grew up and became con man Reverend Gary. Their manhunt is for an older man, not Tom.”
“So he’s hiding out here until things die down?”
“Reverend Gary has been discredited. His funds are frozen. He needs some money to make a new start.”
“Did you know he was Reverend Gary before all this went down?”
“I had a feeling Tom was around, but I only started to suspect he was Reverend Gary after Sharon realized it was him. Her emotions…they clued me in that something else was going on. I took a closer look at Reverend Gary and made the connection. Then I heard about her supposed suicide and figured there was more to her death than what the media was saying.”
I shook my head in amazement. “I never would have thought that of Sharon,” I said.
“I know. I guess we were both full of misconceptions,” Aidan said quietly, looking at me pointedly.
I hung my head in silence.
Finally, I looked up. “Aidan,” I started, “I don’t know what to say.”
Aidan gazed at me steadily.
Suddenly, I was angry. I hadn’t known Aidan long. He was an admitted vampire. He had withheld information from me. Was it really that big of a jump to think he had murdered Lucy and Sharon? But then my indignation deflated just as quickly as it had come. Despite everything, I think a part of me always knew that Aidan wasn’t responsible for those murders. All it took was a few hours of suspicion, and I was falling in bed with Mark. Sharon was right. I was a harlot. 
I looked at Aidan. “I don’t know what to say,” I repeated.
“There’s nothing to say,” he said sadly. 
He got up. I slowly rose to stand next to him. 
“What now?” I asked, my voice quavering.
Aidan shrugged. “I don’t know.” 
He was going to leave, I just knew it. That was his pattern. I felt myself tearing up.
“We still don’t know who broke into your house and car since it couldn’t have been Sharon. I won’t leave until we figure it out,” he assured me.
I felt a small measure of relief that he wouldn’t be leaving, at least not yet. He walked me to the door. I could see him watching me as I drove away, a sad, haunted look on his face.
I texted Mark that I wasn’t feeling well and that I would be at my aunt’s house for the night. I informed him we had nothing left to fear of Aidan and that I would call him tomorrow. Then I fell into a fitful sleep.
I woke up late in the night and checked online for the latest news. The media was having a field day with the whole Reverend Gary thing. They quoted excerpts from a journal found at Sharon’s home:
I have discovered the identity of the demon. It is none other than Reverend Gary! I can’t believe I didn’t notice it before. He has disguised himself. His hair is styled different, and it’s grayer. He must be wearing makeup or something, but it’s him! REVEREND GARY IS TOM BOURSIN! I saw his picture in the article in the whore’s car, and suddenly I recognized him. I called and left a message for him, mentioning Lucy and the strip club. He just called me back and said he would meet me. That means I’m right! I must go now to prepare for the battle ahead. I might not have the fake reverend to show me the way this time, but I feel the hand of God guiding my words and deeds. Tonight, I strike with the fury of a thousand angels! 
And the SF Weekly had received a letter in the mail from Sharon, which was heavily quoted by the local news as well:
To Whom It May Concern:
Demons walk among us! I have seen them with my own eyes. I have sat close enough to smell their sweat and their bodily excretions. Close enough to feel their breath and hear their lies. I have seen them with their whores, plotting against humanity. Reverend Gary is one such demon. In fact, he is the worst demon of all, for he draws in the God-fearing and lulls them with deceit and promises of redemption. But I know the truth. My friend Lucy knew the truth, for she allowed him to feed upon her very lifeblood! When she told me, I was disgusted. I knew her for the harlot she was! And I struck her down. I took her life, God help me. I did not mean to. I was overcome with fury that she had succumbed to evil temptation. I, too, gave into temptation and lied to save myself, but now I show the stain on my own hands. I killed Lucy in order to save her from herself and from the demon, Tom Boursin. For the truth is, Tom is Reverend Gary. Reverend Gary is Tom. Beware, my fellow man. The demons walk among us!
Sincerely,
Faithful Reader
Sharon Atwater
Everyone seemed to be in agreement that Sharon had a few screws loose. Of course, the old news report on Lucilia Costas’ death was dredged back up, as was the Legend of Loose Lucy. In light of recent developments, the police were reopening the file on Lucy’s supposed suicide. The police were not ruling anyone or anything out. The police were still looking at him as a “person of interest” in Sharon’s death. Beyond that, Reverend Gary was still under investigation and wanted by the FBI for fraud and embezzlement. I had to laugh when the news ended, and a Reverend Gary infomercial came on afterward. 
I took a sleeping pill so that I wouldn’t keep waking up, and I eventually drifted off into a deep slumber.
Chapter 24
Thursday, October 23, 2014 
I spent the following day wandering about the house aimlessly. The police came by to talk to me about Sharon since I had filed complaints against her, but they said it was more of a formality than anything else, as they didn’t believe I had anything to do with her death. 
There was nothing new about Sharon or Reverend Gary on the news. I eventually sat on the sofa and kept dozing off to old episodes of The Twilight Zone. It was just getting dark out when I was awoken by the sound of the doorbell. I staggered off the couch, deactivated the alarm, and opened the door. It was Mark. He held up a large pizza box and a six-pack of beer.
“Thought you might like some din-din.”
I stared at him wordlessly.
He pushed past me into the house and set the pizza and beer down. I slowly closed the door behind him. 
“I know you weren’t feeling well, but you look pretty good now. I figured you needed to keep your strength up.” He looked closer at me. “Or maybe you’re not well yet.”
“I—I’m sorry. It’s been a tough day,” I said.
“What happened?” he asked, putting the beers away in the fridge. 
I looked miserably at him, unsure of what to say. 
He stared at me questioningly. 
“I saw Aidan,” I began. He continued to stare at me. Thinking of how I had wrongly accused Aidan of being a murderer, I said, “I made a terrible mistake.”
Mark turned to stone before my eyes.
“I see. Well, never let it be said I stay where I’m not welcome.” 
He started toward the door.
“Mark--,” I said. But he shut the door in my face before I could get anything else out. 
I sat on the couch and stared off into space. Morgan jumped onto the sofa and curled herself up on my lap. I stroked her back absentmindedly. 
“Well, that went well,” I said. She just looked back at me in silence. I eventually turned on the TV so I would have something to stare at. I felt like a great weight was pressing down on my shoulders, and I felt the emotional toll heavy on my back. I felt exhausted. My blinks became longer with shorter pauses in between. I shifted Morgan to the side and then reclined on the sofa. I was asleep within seconds.
It was dark out when I awoke. I felt groggy and disoriented. Morgan was nowhere in sight. I staggered up and went into the kitchen for a drink of water. My eye fell upon the front door, and I almost dropped my glass. The front door was slightly ajar. 
I almost smacked myself on the head. I had forgotten to arm the alarm system! And I was in such a daze, I must not have locked the door after Mark left. I put down my water and walked over quickly. I closed and locked the door, then went through the house making sure the rest of the doors and windows were secure and that everything was okay. Nothing seemed out of place, but I couldn’t find Morgan. I re-opened the front door and stepped outside. The outdoor lights came on automatically when they sensed my motion. I took one look at the hideous tableau in front of me and screamed, the brutal scene searing itself into my mind.
I couldn’t stop screaming. Ron, the neighbor, came rushing out of his house and ran over. He took one look, grabbed me by the arms and guided me inside the house. More people were coming out of their homes to see what was causing all the commotion. Ron sat me down inside and then grabbed the phone and called 911. My screams devolved into sobs, and then I started hyperventilating. Ron rummaged through the cabinets until he found a paper bag. He brought it over to me and held it to my mouth. I took it and breathed into it while he patted my back. 
“Calm down, Carys. It’ll be okay. Shhhh.” 
My breathing started to slow. Through the window, I saw the flashing red and blue of police lights. The cops had arrived. Ron went out to meet them while I sat and tried to pull myself together. I finally rose and went outside. Yet again, the neighbors were all grouped up in bunches, whispering and pointing. Cell phones were out, taking pictures and video of the gruesome spectacle. 
Morgan was hanging from the lowest limb of our tree out front, strung up in a noose, her body hanging limply in the harsh glare of the bright lights. Her tail had been hacked off. It was lying over by some bushes as if it had been flung there as an afterthought. After the cops took pictures, they took me inside the house to ask me some questions. Ron said he would take Morgan down. I nodded gratefully at him. 
The cops asked numerous questions, but I had no answers. I couldn’t point my finger at Sharon anymore, that was for sure. Sharon had a stake through her heart. There was no way she could have done this. After the cops left, Ron came back to check on me. He offered to bury Morgan in the morning, which I was grateful for. He waited until the crowds dispersed, and then he went home as well. I finally roused myself and drove to Bob’s to deliver the bad news to my aunt. 
My guilt was overwhelming. If I had locked the door and set the alarm, none of this might have happened. I wasn’t sure if I was imagining it, but I thought I saw recrimination in my aunt’s eyes as she looked at me. Bob took the brunt of it, though. He calmed and soothed her and put her to bed. Then he and I sat and had a long talk. I told him I no longer had a clue as to the perpetrator. 
“Do you think it’s the same person who’s done all the other stuff? Destroying your bedroom, messing up your car, burning the trash?”
“I guess so? All this time I’ve been blaming Sharon, but it couldn’t have been Sharon. I can’t think of anyone else who would do this, though.”
We sat in silence.
“Mark actually suggested a while ago that it might be someone other than Sharon, but I disregarded that idea. I should have listened to him,” I said.
“Why did he think it might be someone other than Sharon?” Bob asked.
“Sharon wrote threatening notes and left them on our windshields. One time she threw a brick through Mark’s window, but that was about as extreme as she got. Mark was right. These other acts of violence were more deranged, more malicious. I just didn’t think they would get to this point.” I started to cry. “Poor Morgan.”
Bob patted my back. “Why don’t you get some sleep? Maybe some new ideas will come to you after you get some rest, ideas about who could have done this.”
I agreed I should probably go to bed. He made up his sofa for me, and then we bid each other good night. I lay awake for quite a while with the light on, staring at the ceiling and wracking my brain for any possible culprits, but none came to mind. Eventually, I drifted off into a restless sleep.
Chapter 25
Friday, October 24, 2014 
I was awoken the next morning by the sound of my phone ringing. It was Aidan.
“Carys, are you okay?”
“I’m fine. How did you hear?” I asked.
“It was on the morning news. There’s video of you screaming. It’s all over the internet. Fuckin’ assholes.”
“They showed the video of me on the news?”
“No, they didn’t show the video. But the incident made the news because of the video of you on the internet.”
“Well, that’s just great,” I said. 
“Where are you now?”
“I’m at Bob’s.”
“I figured you would be at Mark’s,” Aidan said.
“I’m at Bob’s,” I repeated.
“Go stay with Mark for the day. Please.”
“I don’t think that’s an option,” I said.
“Damnit, Carys! Just go stay with Mark.”
“Aidan, I can’t stay with Mark.”
Aidan sighed in resignation. “Come over here then.”
“I’m going home.”
“It’s too dangerous.”
“I’ll be okay. I have the alarm system.”
“Fat lot of good that did you last night.”
“That’s because I forgot to arm it. I won’t make that mistake again,” I said grimly.
My phone beeped. Mark was on the other line.
“Aidan, I gotta go.”
“Okay, but call me later.”
I clicked over to Mark.
“Carys! My god! Are you okay?”
“I’m fine.”
“Where are you now?”
“I’m at Bob’s.”
There was silence.
“I thought maybe you were at Aidan’s,” he said.
I laughed bitterly. “No, I’m at Bob’s, but I’m about to go home. I don’t think I’m welcome much anywhere right now.”
“You can come here if you need to,” Mark said.
I took a shaky breath, my eyes tearing up at the unexpected kindness.
“Thank you,” I said softly, “but I need to go home.”
I promised to call him later and then hung up. 
Bob was in the kitchen brewing a pot of coffee. He offered me a mug, which I gratefully accepted. 
“How is Aunt Jenny?” I asked.
He sighed heavily. “She woke up throughout the night, crying. She took another Xanax, and she’s sleeping right now.”
I hung my head in shame and remorse.
“It’s not your fault,” Bob said.
I shook my head at him. “It is my fault.”
“No, it’s not. It’s the fault of whatever psycho did this.”
“But I didn’t activate the alarm, and I left the door unlocked.”
“It’s still not your fault,” Bob said. “Don’t take on someone else’s blame.”
“Aunt Jenny blames me,” I said.
“No, she doesn’t. Trust me, she doesn’t blame you.”
I hoped that was true. I drained the rest of my coffee, thanked Bob for his hospitality, and then went home.
Pulling up into the driveway gave me a surreal feeling. Ron had taken down the noose, so there was no visual reminder of last night’s horror. Everything seemed normal. Ron came over as I was unlocking the front door. I deactivated the alarm and invited him in. 
“That’s okay. I don’t want to intrude. I just wanted to let you know that I buried Morgan this morning in your backyard. You’ll see a mound of dirt in the back corner where she’s buried.”
“Thank you, Ron. I really appreciate your help. You’ve been an absolute godsend during this difficult time.”
“No problem. Are the police any closer to catching the woman who’s doing this?”
“Actually, we’re not sure who’s responsible for this,” I told him. “The original suspect is no longer under consideration.”
“That’s not good.” With a wave goodbye and a promise to be on the lookout, Ron took off, and I re-armed the security system.
I did another thorough house check, but everything seemed in its place. I cleaned out Morgan’s litterbox and washed her food and water bowls. I picked up her toys and put them away out of sight. I stood uncertainly in the middle of the living room and looked around. Then I collapsed onto the sofa and sobbed my heart out. I finally emerged from my grief, feeling emotionally drained and fragile. I thought about who could be responsible for all of these horrible acts. Nobody came to mind. I thought back to the message, “Stay away from him,” that had been smeared on my walls and scratched into my car. Aidan’s face rose, unbidden, into my mind. Could Aidan be the culprit? Was he trying to keep me away from Mark? I dismissed the thought. I had already made the mistake of thinking Aidan was a murderer. I wasn’t going down that path again. But I couldn’t think of any other person that phrase would apply to. I knew there was no way it was Mark. So that left only Aidan. Again, I banished the thought. 
I spent the rest of the day cleaning, running errands, and trying to clear my mind. Aidan and Mark texted me throughout, checking in on me. 
I packed some clean clothes for my aunt and ran them over to Bob’s. She was still mourning in solitude, so I left her alone to grieve. Bob insisted again that she didn’t blame me, but she wasn’t asking for me, either. 
I grabbed a burger at a drive-through and then returned home, the emptiness weighing on me as I stepped inside the silent house. I activated the alarm and then ate my dinner, missing the companionship of Aunt Jenny and Morgan. I watched TV for a little while, trying to drown out the sadness in my head with the inane chatter of sitcoms.
I turned off the TV around 10:00, re-checked the doors and windows, and made sure the alarm was set, and then I took a sleeping pill and went to bed. 
----------------------------
I woke suddenly in the night. The absolute darkness in the room pressed down, smothering me. I blinked my eyes, uncertain at first if they were even open. The usual dim glow from my alarm clock was missing. The house was silent. I continued to blink my eyes, struggling under the lingering influence of the sleeping pill. I reached over and felt for my bedside lamp, clicking the switch to turn it on, but nothing happened. The power was out. I reached for my cellphone, but it wasn’t on my nightstand. I must have left it in the living room. Fortunately, I kept a flashlight by my bed. I grabbed it and turned it on, the weak beam struggling to illuminate the darkness. I cursed myself for allowing the batteries to get low. Stepping out of bed, I felt for my slippers, the floor cold against my feet. I shuffled over and retrieved my robe from the back of the door, pulling it close around me against the chill of the night. 
I pulled the door open, thinking I would check the circuit breakers, when a big, solid mass came rushing at me out of the gloom. It tackled me to the ground, falling heavily on top of me. The flashlight flew out of my hand and went skittering across the hardwood floor, the weak yellow light causing shadows to dance menacingly about the small room. I lay stunned. The back of my head had hit the ground hard, but thankfully, my thick rug helped cushion the blow. The crushing weight on me lifted as the perpetrator raised up, the dim light faintly illuminating his face. My eyes slowly focused, and I inhaled sharply as I recognized the person atop me. I struggled beneath him, trying to throw him off. He lifted an arm and smacked me across the face with a powerful backhand. My head lolled to the side, and the world faded to black.
----------------------------
When I came to, I was still lying on the floor in my bedroom, feeling disoriented. My flashlight was still on, seemingly growing weaker with every passing second. There was a dull pain in my neck. I raised my hand to the front of my throat and gingerly probed at the sensitive flesh. I felt a couple small, shallow indentations and some moisture, and when I lifted my hand before my eyes, I saw blood smeared across the fingertips. I gasped in horror.
“I only took a sip. Nothing to be concerned about.”
I looked toward the voice and saw Tom Boursin sitting on my bed, his face hooded in shadow. 
“Am I going to turn into a vampire?” I asked.
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he said scornfully.
I felt again at my throat, my skin crawling at the thought of Tom’s mouth on me, his teeth piercing me. I felt violated.
“There are no puncture wounds,” I said.
“Feeding sites heal quickly.”
I tried to focus and assess the situation.
“I’ve been sitting here trying to figure out what he sees in you, but, for the life of me, I cannot see the appeal,” Tom said. 
I rose to a sitting position and then slowly pushed myself away from him until my back was to the wall. 
“I tried to warn you away,” he said. “Why didn’t you heed my messages?”
Tom leaned forward slightly until his face was in the light. I saw a mad gleam in his eye. I wondered how I hadn’t noticed it before. He cocked his head and stared at me intently, studying me as if I were a curious bug. 
“Why?” I asked.
“Because he’s mine,” Tom snarled. 
“I already screwed things up with him. There’s no need for any of this. Not anymore.”
“You’re wrong. He’s decided to give you another chance. I thought Conleth would lure you away, but I was wrong.”
My eyes widened in surprise. “Conleth? What are you talking about?”
Tom shook his head in confusion. “Wait, no. Wrong.”
I looked at him in puzzlement. He started muttering to himself. I thought I heard snippets of German and French interspersed throughout. He looked up at me in confusion. 
“What year is this?” he asked.
I stared back at him in silence.
He turned his head, looking around my room. Then he focused on me, a glimmer of recognition entering his eyes.
“There have been so many of you over the years. I’m starting to lose track.”
“What did you do?” I asked.
“What I had to do!” he shouted. “Every time Aidan got too close to one of you whores, I had to remove it. I had to remove the threat.” He took a deep breath. I could practically see him struggling to get his emotions under control, his fists clenched tightly at his sides. He closed his eyes and breathed slowly. After a couple seconds, his eyes opened, and he looked at me. I cringed at the alien expression on his face.
“Carys,” he said dully, his eyes suddenly flat. “It’s time to say goodbye now.”
He stood up and walked slowly toward me. 
I tensed up, readying myself to spring away, when suddenly another body came barreling through my bedroom door and crashed into Tom. Fists and feet were flying, the sound of furious blows ringing out. The jumble of bodies lurched about, knocking over furniture. In the half light, I could barely make out Aidan sparring with Tom, wrestling around in my small room. A split second later, Mark came rushing through the door. He glanced frantically around and then leaned down beside me. 
“Are you okay?” he asked urgently.
I nodded. He grasped me by the arms and lifted me up, then hustled me out of the house and to the front lawn. 
“Stay here,” he said, turning to go back inside.
“Wait!” I grabbed his arm. He shrugged out of my grasp and ran back inside.
I stayed put exactly two seconds before running in after him. I stopped in the kitchen and felt for the flashlight we kept under the sink. My fingers fumbled around, my eyes blind in the darkness, until I found the flashlight. I switched it on and then grabbed a large knife. I was racing toward my bedroom, the flashlight lending a stark glare to show the way, when the thudding blows suddenly ceased. Someone appeared in the bedroom doorway. I raised my flashlight and saw Tom’s face staring back at me. He shielded his eyes from the light and then ran toward me, a maniacal look twisting his handsome face into a brutish mask. I stood there, rooted to the spot as he came at me. I raised my knife, feeling like I was moving in slow motion. His hands grasped my arms, and I dropped the flashlight. His head dove down toward my neck, his teeth gleaming. Someone was shouting. Distantly, in the back of my mind, I thought, “He’s going to tear my throat out.” I felt Tom’s body press hard against mine as his teeth closed on my neck. Lucilia Costas’ face flashed into my mind, blotting out everything else. I felt a rage flare up inside of me and then, just as quickly, it was gone. Suddenly, Tom jerked back, his eyes widening in astonishment. We looked down. My kitchen knife had been driven into his chest at an upward angle, all the way in so that only the handle was protruding out of him. Mark and Aidan came running in from my bedroom. Mark rushed over to me while Aidan went to Tom. Great gouts of blood suddenly spurted forth from Tom’s mouth. We all backed away from him. 
“You got his heart,” Aidan said.
We stared in horror as Tom started shaking violently. 
“Get out!” Aidan shouted. Mark pulled me away and out of the house. We collapsed on the lawn, panting heavily. I felt again at my neck and felt fresh rents in the skin. Painful, but shallow. Tom’s teeth must have just grazed me. After several seconds, Aidan joined us, paler than usual. His hands were shaking slightly. He rubbed his face with his hand, leaving a bright red smear behind. His gaze narrowed on my neck. He rushed over and turned my head slightly, exposing my throat. Mark gasped when he saw the gashes and the blood.
“He bit you?” Mark asked, horrified.
“She’ll be okay,” Aidan assured him. 
We all sat in silence. I felt like the entire neighborhood should be astir again, cell phones busily recording, but there wasn’t a peep out of the neighbors. They must not have heard a thing, I realized in astonishment. I finally roused myself and rose to my feet. Mark and Aidan followed suit. We all walked into my aunt’s house together. 
There was blood splashed everywhere, like it had been projectile vomited. The kitchen knife was lying on the floor amongst what looked like ashes and some bits of bone, but Tom’s body was nowhere to be seen. 
“Where is he?” Mark asked.
“Gone,” Aidan said simply. 
I looked over at Mark, but he just shrugged. 
“Where are your cleaning supplies?” Mark asked me. I went and gathered up all the cleaning supplies I could find. I protested that I could clean up the mess, but they ignored me. Together, we wiped up the blood, scrubbed down the furniture, the walls, and the ceiling, and put things in some semblance of order. Many items had been broken in the struggle, but I was amazed at how well put together the place looked when we were finished. You couldn’t even tell an insane vampire had perished here. 
After starting a load of laundry in the washer, I took out two beers, popped the tops, and passed one to Mark. We all sat down in the living room, looking like disaster survivors. We sat in silence, lost in thought. Mark finished his beer and stood up.
“I don’t know about you, but I’m going home, showering, and calling it a day.”
I gave him a hug and made him promise to call me the next day. Then he left, leaving me and Aidan alone.
I turned to Aidan. He wrapped me up in a big bear hug, holding me tightly. I relaxed into him, emotionally and physically exhausted. Finally, he kissed me on the top of the head and pushed me away gently.
“The sun will be up soon,” he said. “You should sleep.”
I started to protest, but he interrupted me.
“The nightmare is over. You can relax now. Give me a call when you wake up, and I will explain everything.” 
I nodded, and he walked out. I locked the door and set the alarm. Then I showered for about half an hour. I scrubbed my body all over, rinsed, and then scrubbed again, repeating the cycle again and then again. I let the hot water scour my skin clean. When I emerged from the bathroom, my skin was raw and sensitive. I donned a soft cotton shirt and some boxer shorts. Then I crawled into my aunt’s bed and cried. Relief, horror, grief, they all came flowing out of me. My body was wracked with sobs that didn’t seem like they would ever end. All the tension and the stress worked their way out until, eventually, I quieted down and lay still. The sky outside was lightening with the dawn when I finally fell into an exhausted slumber.
Chapter 26
Saturday, October 25, 2014
I had only been out a couple of hours when my aunt returned home. She found me in her bed asleep, dead to the world. After seeing some of the damage from last night’s escapade, she woke me up to make sure I was okay. I assured her I was fine, and I told her the threat had been eliminated. 
“You’re sure?” she said.
“I’m sure.”
She hugged me tight. When she pulled back, tears were in her eyes. 
“Oh, Carys. I’m so sorry you had to go through this alone. I was wrapped up in my own pain. I should have been here for you.”
“Aunt Jenny, you don’t need to apologize. And I wasn’t alone. I had Mark and Aidan.”
She looked at me in surprise.
“Is that right?” she asked.
I nodded.
“Someday you’re going to tell me everything,” she said.
“I’m not sure even I know everything,” I said, “but I promise to tell you everything I know. Someday.”
“Do you need anything?” she asked.
“Right now, I just need sleep.”
She hugged me again, made me promise to call her when I got up, and then she packed some clothes and went back to Bob’s. I was asleep again within minutes.
----------------------------
I woke up around mid-afternoon. I felt fatigued, but I dragged myself out of bed anyway. I didn’t want to sleep the entire day away. I called my aunt to let her know I was okay. Then I called Mark. 
“Hey.”
“Hey,” I said. 
Silence.
“Thank you for last night,” I said awkwardly.
“You’re welcome.”
More silence.
“Have you talked to Aidan?” Mark asked.
“No, not yet.”
Even more silence.
“Mark—,” I started.
“I’m glad you’re safe now,” Mark interrupted me, “but this doesn’t change anything. You can’t just keep going from me to Aidan and back again. This isn’t some silly movie where we’re going to compete for your hand and then sit back and wait for you to choose one of us.”
I said nothing, stung by his words.
“I wish you all the best, Carys,” Mark said. Then he hung up.
I felt hurt and indignant. But I also felt the truth of his words. I couldn’t fault him for choosing to bow out of this strange dance. He was right. I was acting like a spoiled brat. It wasn’t fair to either him or Aidan. 
I took a moment to get my emotions under control and then called Aidan.
“Carys. How are you doing?” he asked.
“I’m tired. But I’m glad the threat is past. Thank you,” I said.
“Do you want to come over now?”
“Do you mind? I just need to shower and grab something to eat.”
“Come over whenever.”
I hung up and took another long shower. I didn’t think I would ever feel clean again. I decided to treat myself, so I went to Kandy’s and ordered a frog pie. It was too early for dinner, so the diner was almost empty. I sat by the window and watched the people pass by outside. I relished every bite of my frog pie. After coming so close to death, I was ready to embrace life, savor every moment, every detail. I had some beignets afterwards, eating them slowly and closing my eyes in ecstasy while I licked the powdered sugar off of my fingers. I opened my eyes and noticed the man sitting across from me was staring at me hungrily. I turned bright red, paid my check, and hightailed it out of there.
Aidan opened the door as I pulled up to his house.
He had a pumpkin beer waiting for me. We sat down in the living room, and I looked at him expectantly.
“There’s actually not much to tell,” he said. “After the incident with Morgan, I was afraid you would be directly attacked next. Since you unwisely chose to ignore my advice to stay with me or Mark, I felt I had no choice but to stake out your place and keep an eye on you. Mark apparently had the same idea because I encountered him sitting in his car across from your house. We agreed two pairs of eyes were better than one, so we decided to team up.
Nothing much was happening, and we began to get bored. Mark was struggling to stay awake, but he refused to leave. So I offered to go get him some coffee. When I came back with the coffee, the power had been cut, and Mark was nowhere in sight. I found him by the side of the house. Apparently, he had gone up to investigate when the power was cut, and Tom had knocked him out. He quickly regained consciousness. We rushed inside, and you know the rest.”
“Tom said he had done this before,” I said.
“Huh?”
“Tom wanted you all to himself. He said he had ‘removed’ several girls before because they got too close to you. I think he had something to do with Conleth coming here.”
Aidan looked at me blankly. 
“But how can that be?” he asked.
“I don’t know. I’m just telling you what he said.”
We were silent.
“I didn’t stab Tom with a wooden stake,” I said suddenly.
“You didn’t need a wooden stake. You just needed to get him in the heart.”
“What happened to his body?” I asked.
“His body purged all the blood in it, and then it aged at an accelerated rate, turning to dust and bone in a matter of seconds.”
“I wonder how long he was crazy,” I said.
“I always knew he was a little off, but nothing so extreme. Trust me, I had no idea,” Aidan said.
“I believe you,” I said quietly. 
We sat, not speaking. I thought about how Tom said Aidan was going to give me a second chance. I looked over at him. He was staring at me in thoughtful silence. I smiled tentatively at him.
“Carys,” he began, “I’m glad you’re safe now, but—”
I cut him off. “Aidan, you sound like you’re about to give me the exact same speech Mark gave me earlier today.”
He looked down, shamefaced. “We might have passed the time last night talking about you.”
I sighed. 
“I guess in my attempt to keep you two, I’ve lost you both,” I said.
“Greedy girl,” he said with a smile. “You can’t have all the toys in the toy store.”
I smiled ruefully at him. 
“What are you going to do now?” I asked.
“Move on. I’m like a cat. I always land on my feet.”
At the mention of a cat, my thoughts turned to Morgan, and I looked down in sadness. Aidan reached over and touched my hand.
“I am truly sorry for bringing this evil into your life,” he said. 
“I know,” I said, the tears starting to leak from my eyes.
Aidan sighed and put his arms around me. I collapsed into him, and he held me until the sobs subsided. Then he pushed me gently away.
We walked together to the front door. Just before stepping outside, I raised my head and looked him in the eyes.
“I’m so sorry,” I said brokenly. I leaned up and kissed him quickly on the lips for the last time. Then I turned away and ran to my car, the tears coming hard and fast again. I could barely see as I pulled out of Aidan’s driveway. I drove out of his division and then pulled over to the side of the road, my body wracked with grief. It took me some time before I could pull myself together enough to drive home. 
I went home and cried some more. I was going to have to invest in a tissue factory. The really sad thing is that I wasn’t sure what I was most upset about. Was it purely self-pity that was causing all the tears? Was I more upset about losing Mark or about losing Aidan? Or maybe I was upset because I couldn’t have both of them. They were better off without me, I reflected bitterly. 
I finally got myself under control. Then my aunt dropped by to check up on me. I took one look at her sympathetic features, and I burst out crying again. I couldn’t stop. She sat down beside me and put her arm around me. 
“There, there. It’ll be alright,” she said soothingly. 
I gulped for air. I curled up into myself and sobbed as if my heart was breaking.
When I finally quit crying, my eyes were red and puffy, and I couldn’t stop hiccupping. My aunt went and got me a tall glass of water. I drank it straight through without stopping for breath, and that cured my hiccups. Then she took a damp rag and wiped my face like she used to do when I was a child. Tears continued leaking from my eyes. 
She sat with me in silence for a few minutes, rubbing circles on my back and rocking me gently. Finally, I sat up straight and took a few shuddering breaths.
“Thanks,” I said.
“You alright now?” she asked.
I nodded. She gave me a hug. Later, I heard her on the phone with Bob telling him that she was going to stay with me for the night, that she was worried about me. My guilt increased tenfold. 
“Aunt Jenny,” I said, coming out of my room, “you don’t need to stay here with me. Go to Bob’s. I’ll be fine.”
“I know you’ll be fine, my good girl. I just want a girls’ night in with just the two of us. After all, there won’t be many more.”
I smiled sadly at her. 
We spent the evening eating junk food, drinking cocktails, and watching bad horror movies on TV. It made me feel almost normal again. 
Chapter 27
Friday, October 31, 2014
Halloween dawned bright and sunny on a momentous day. It was the grand re-opening of the Horca Public Library. Teresa had toiled day and night, cleaned, organized, sorted, and yes, even bled, in order to get things ship shape. I had not been by in over a week, but I knew if anyone could have gotten that library up and running again in record time, it would be Teresa. They were holding a ribbon-cutting ceremony at noon, followed by a costume competition for the local schoolchildren. I didn’t particularly want to go, but I felt I should be there to support Teresa on her special day. 
I ate some bread and butter and then packed up a few more boxes. My aunt was selling the house and moving in with Bob. She had offered to sell me the house, but I wanted to get out of Horca and start fresh elsewhere. I called and harassed an old schoolmate of mine and was able to snag a job in San Francisco working in a museum. I would have to live in a small, cramped apartment, probably have to find a roommate, and I wouldn’t have much pocket money, but I didn’t care. I started work there in two weeks.
Aidan was gone. I went by his house last week, but all sign of him had disappeared. 
A “For Sale” sign had gone up in Mark’s front yard, so I guess he was planning on vacating Horca as well. 
I sure leave a wide swath of damage when I strike, I thought dourly.
I took a shower and then drove over to the library. It was only 11:00, but the town square was already bustling with activity. Booths had been set up, and vendors were hawking finger foods and snacks. Someone was busy setting up a bounce house, which the few children in attendance were eyeing greedily. Right next to the library, a platform had been set up, decorated with pumpkins and scarecrows. Workmen were hanging up streamers, and a banner proudly proclaimed, “Horca Halloween Spectacular!” There was a crisp bite to the air that felt refreshing and invigorating. I spotted Teresa, wearing a brown furry costume, pulling up a few errant weeds near the library doors. She straightened up, spotted me, and hurried over. 
“I’m so glad you could come!” she exclaimed, giving me a hug. 
“Stellar costume,” I said. “Chewbacca, right?”
She made a face. “No, I’m a buffalo. Or as our Native American friends used to say, ‘tatonka’.”
“That’s great,” I said, laughing. “It was worth it coming here just to see you dressed up like a buffalo.”
“I wasn’t sure you would be here.” She looked at me questioningly. 
“I’m doing okay. Taking it one day at a time,” I said. She had called about a week ago to tell me she found more articles on the movie. I told her I was no longer writing the article and then had started crying. I ended up spilling some, but obviously not all, of the story to her. But she knew I had been depressed lately. 
She patted my shoulder. “As my distant relation, Constance Dogooder, was fond of saying, ‘You will wake up tomorrow, and it will be a brand new day’.” 
I looked at her in surprise. “Constance Dogooder was your ancestor?”
Teresa nodded, grinning at me. “You know, Constance was a prolific diarist. She had many journals. Full of strange and wonderful things, especially concerning a certain red-headed suitor. You should come by some time, and I’ll show them to you. I think you might find them very interesting.” She slipped a note into my hand, winked and then walked off to talk to the mayor.
Very interesting. Very interesting, indeed.
I put the note into my purse and then purchased a funnel cake. I sat down with it on a park bench and watched the final preparations for the festivities. I noticed Mark and Sedona were walking around the lake. Sedona spotted me and started toward me, her tail wagging, but Mark turned and walked in the opposite direction, dragging Sedona with him. 
I felt a small shock when I saw a blue minivan pull up, but of course it wasn’t Sharon. It was a large, brassy woman with three rowdy kids in tow. She bought them ice cream cones and then carried the two younger children, twin toddlers, over to my park bench. I thought I spotted Mark’s book, Type A for Alcohol, peeking up out of her purse. She glanced at me and then did a double take. 
“Carys?” Carys Reilly?” she asked.
“Yes?” I said uncertainly.
“It’s me! Emma Cartwright!”
My jaw dropped open. She swooped down and gave me a one-armed hug, her ample breasts squeezing up against my face. I had a dot of ice cream stuck to my cheek when she came away.
“Emma, hi. Are these your children?” I asked.
“These are my precious angels. MARK! GET OVER HERE NOW! That’s Mark, my eldest. He’s very high spirited.”
A little too high spirited, if you asked me. He was currently whacking away with a stick at a parking meter.
Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed adult Mark jump and look over when his name was called. 
“Your son is named Mark? Wait, Mark isn’t…” I trailed off.
“Unfortunately, no. My son Mark’s dad is an airline pilot from Reseda. He’s currently living with his latest bimbo flight attendant. Speaking of hunky adult Mark, I heard he moved back here. I was hoping to run into him today.” 
The whole “Mark” thing was confusing and a little sad to me.
She pulled a compact out of her purse, applied more lipstick and fluffed her hair. 
I pulled out my phone and texted Mark, “Emma is here with me. She has three kids. Go now.”
It was the least I could do.
I looked up at Emma, smiled, and said, “Mark does live here, but he has a girlfriend. Pretty serious from what I understand.”
She pouted in disappointment. Then she screeched, “BACK IN THE CAR, MARK!” 
She gave me another quick hug and then rounded up the kids and was gone. 
I looked around, but I didn’t see “hunky adult Mark” again for the rest of the day. 
By this time, the school children were being herded out for the ribbon-cutting and the costume contest. They looked pretty cute all dressed up. I spotted a Batman, two Spidermans, and a Darth Vader. I even spotted a Raggedy Ann, which took me back quite a few years.
The ribbon-cutting was brief, but there was much applause. I stepped into the library to admire all the hard work Teresa had put into it. It looked great. I was quite proud of her. 
I stopped off for a frog pie at Kandy’s and then made my way home to pack more boxes. 
I was taping up a box when I remembered the note Teresa had given me. I retrieved it from my purse and opened it.
Carys,
I know things seem bleak right now, but chin up! Aidan has a connection to Horca. It’s what draws him back here time after time. He can’t stay away for long. I have a feeling he’ll be back soon enough.
T.
What the hell did that mean? I looked the note over carefully, wondering if there was secret invisible ink writing somewhere on it, giving further clues, but there was nothing else. I didn’t know what to make of it. I groaned in exasperation. Why couldn’t she just come right out and tell me what she knew?! What should I do now? Even if Aidan came back, I highly doubted he wanted to see me. I knew Teresa was trying to cheer me up, but it was better that I abandon all hope and leave as planned. 
Chapter 28
Bob and my aunt were married the following Saturday. I convinced my aunt to let me plan her wedding instead of going to the courthouse, and she agreed. It was a small ceremony in the park. Just me and some of their friends. Simple and cheap, but not as impersonal as a court wedding. My aunt was a radiant bride, her face glowing as she walked down the aisle. The next day, I packed up and left for San Francisco. I already had a rental on Folsom Street in the Mission District. I was dipping into a small inheritance left for me by my parents, but money was still going to be tight, especially until I got a roommate. 
Work at the museum was good. I was the assistant to the curator. It gave me a whole new appreciation for Teresa. 
Time passed, and my heart seemed to heal a bit. I threw myself into work and didn’t socialize much. I didn’t have many close friends, and I didn’t try to make any. Life was gradually getting okay again. It was going to take time, but at least I saw a light at the end of the tunnel. Teresa kept me apprised of life in small-town Horca, occasionally alluding to a possible Aidan return, while my aunt kept sending me the latest news on Mark. She and Olivia had renewed their own friendship, so she kept me updated, even going so far as to send me his new address in Big Sur. I knew Teresa and Aunt Jenny held out hope for me and my respective past-suitors, but they only kept me tethered to a dream I knew I would never have. It was time for me to move on.
Epilogue
Monday, November 2, 2015
Got home from work and checked my emails. It had been almost two weeks since I had last checked them, and three emails immediately jumped out at me. 
The first email was a Google news alert about “Reverend Gary.” The manhunt for him was still ongoing, with numerous false tips constantly phoned in. Last I heard, he had been spotted sunbathing on a crowded beach in Cancun. Of course, I knew that wasn’t possible. Still, every once in a while, I would hear about a reported sighting of him, and my heart would do an odd little skip. I set up the news alert because a part of me was still fascinated by the events of the prior year. The fallout from Reverend Gary’s investigation and subsequent disappearance had been pretty major. He had had his finger in a lot of pies, apparently. The latest news report was a sighting of him in Argentina. I quickly scanned the news blip and deleted it.
The second email was from Teresa. It contained no message text, only a single attachment. It was a scan of a recent news clipping from the Horca Herald. “Palsied Platypus Man of Lake Pohannon Spotted!” proclaimed the headline. 
Palsied Platypus Man of Lake Pohannon Spotted!
By Robert Shaw
Well, folks, another Halloween has come and gone, but not without a bit of controversy and excitement. A group of teenagers kayaking on Lake Pohannon over the weekend spotted a strange sight, one that has not been witnessed since the late 1800’s. That’s right. Our very own legendary creature, the Palsied Platypus, has made an appearance. Witnesses describe the beast as approximately six feet tall, sporting bright red fur, a duck bill and a beaver tail. It emerged from the trees, looked out over the water at the astonished kayakers, and then fled back to the safety of the woods, shivering in the cool evening air. Our brave witnesses then paddled to shore and searched for the elusive creature but only found duckfoot-shaped prints in the dirt. 
The woods are teeming with amateur investigators as news spreads across our little town. Driving up to Lake Pohannon, I saw many a fledgling hunter excitedly palming his rifle in anticipation of a man-sized platypus trophy. Is there a platypus hunting license or a platypus hunting season? I am unsure. I can only urge caution and restraint.
Is the Palsied Platypus Man back? If so, I pity him. After all these years away, he is sure to find himself in an environment much changed from that which he last knew. If he does exist, the world is sure to know soon. It is only a matter of time before a blurry photo pops up on Facebook or Instagram, tearing away the strange mystery of a shy creature and exposing him to the harsh light of modern day technology. Halloween prank or mythological beast? I prefer to believe in the unknown and the unknowable, to keep the mystery and the fantasy alive. I hope, for everyone’s sake, the Platypus Man is real and has come back to fire up our imaginations, only to disappear again until a later, better time.
I smiled sadly as a tear tracked down my cheek. I wiped it away and then moved on to the third email. It was from Mark:
Carys,
I hope this message finds you well. These past few months have been a time of change for me, a time for looking within. A strong sense of self preservation has led me to try and banish you from my mind, yet however much I have tried, you have never strayed far from my thoughts. 
Fate is a funny thing. It brings people together, and it tears them apart. And sometimes, in rare, special occasions, two people are brought together again for a second chance, to right a wrong, to reignite love anew. 
Carys, I was a fool. I forsook the signs. I ignored what my heart was telling me. I chose ignorance in place of bliss, loneliness in place of love. I chose not to fight for the woman in my heart. I refuse to make the same mistake yet again. If home is where the heart is, then I have been lost and homeless without you. If I have to, I will align the heavens in our favor again. I will fight for you this time, I promise. All I ask is that you give me some sign that my love is not in vain. Give me some sign that your heart does not belong to another, and I shall come to claim my prize, most precious that it is. 
I am your one, your only, your always,
Mark
I wiped away another tear. I sat staring into space for several seconds, my mouth slowly turning up into a smile. Then I jumped up and hurriedly threw some clothes and other essentials into my small suitcase and headed out. For the first time in months, I felt alive again with hope. My heart beat faster as I anticipated being reunited with the person who held my heart, who had always held my heart. I was finally returning home.
The End
