Janell Rhiannon
Uncross the Stars

Copyright @ 2014 by Janell Rhiannon
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage device without permission in writing from the publisher or author. 
*
This book is a work of fiction. References to historical events and people, or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or persons or locales, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
*
Kindle 1st Edition 
Cover Design by @ Regina Wamba of Mae I Design 
Edited by Melissa @ There For You Book Editing and Review 
*
You can follow the author at:
Janell Rhiannon @Facebook
Twitter @theravenangel
www.janellrhiannon.com

Acknowledgments
Whenever you sit and write for hours, days, months...you get sick of it. You get sick of your own story, of editing, of sitting...and you begin to doubt that you can finish the book. The saving grace for a writer is that precious handful of people who cheer you on any way they can. They let you ramble, vent, and send texts with sad faces. I’m sure that when I was at my wit’s end for the hundredth time, they wished I’d just finish the book. But, they let me continue the process and encouraged me along the way. So, to this little group who helped me push through Uncross the Stars, I give you my deepest gratitude. 
*
Jim, Nathan, Wesley, and Verni
And in a place of honor, for your assistance 
and a special brand of encouragement
Joy

Chapter 1
At midnight, Fiona and her mother finally pulled into the driveway of their new rental. Her mom cut the engine, but not the parking lights.
	“Looks like we made it, Fee.”
	“Barely. I thought you were going to kill us a few times weaving all over the road like you were,” Fiona said.
	“It’s not easy driving and towing a U-haul trailer. It’s heavy,” her mom replied and began rummaging through her purse.
	Fiona ignored her mother and squinted through the dust and bug splats on the windshield at the dark house. She noticed the crooked light fixture on the left side of the garage, and the rain gutter hanging askew.
	“Looks like we’re the haunted house on the block,” Fiona said.
	Her mom hit the high beams spotlighting the garage door like a stage.
	“Not so helpful, Mom.” Fiona got out of the car and stretched her neck and back. 	She inhaled the cool fall air. Peering through the darkness, she noticed the bushes lining the dead grass yard needed trimming, the thinly branched tree in the front stood naked of leaves, and mounds of dried up flowers filled the flower bed under the front window. Shadows darkened the walkway to the front door. A pair of windows stared out at the street like rectangular evil eyes.
	“Looks sturdy and dirty. And creepy. I can hardly wait to go inside, Mom.”
Fiona peered inside the car. Under the dim dome light, her mom had dumped the entire contents of her purse on the passenger side seat.
	“Mom, what are you doing?”
	“I think I left the key back in Watsonville.”
	“Great,” Fiona said. She glanced back at the windows. They remained staring blankly into the night. Fiona looked down the street in both directions. Every single house had a lit porch, except theirs.
	“Ahhh-ha! I found it. It was in the ash tray. I forgot I put it in there for safe keeping.”
	“Hurry up, Mom. It’s dark outside.”
	“Fine. I’m coming. Have some patience, Fee,” her mom said, as she got out of the car.
	They walked the dark pathway to the front door. A powdery dust covered everything. Fiona’s mom tried to fit the key in the lock and open the door. She jiggled and twisted the knob, syncing the internal mechanisms with difficulty, until the door finally creaked open into a darkness blacker than night.
	“Where’s the light switch?” her mom asked, as she ran her hand over the wall next to the door frame. “Ah!”
Fiona heard the light switch click. She heard her mom toggle it up and down several times in rapid succession, but nothing happened.
	“Ummm,” her mom mumbled.
	“There aren’t any lights on outside either. Don’t tell me we don’t have any electricity,” Fiona said.
	“Well, either that or we need several dozen light bulbs,” her mother answered.
	“Figures.” Fiona heard her mother rummaging through her purse again. “What are you doing?”
	“Wait. I think I’ve got it.”
	Fiona heard jangling keys, a soft snap and a beam of blue light appeared from her mother’s hand. “There we go.” Her mom walked into the house waving the thin light in front of her. When she found the kitchen, she searched through random drawers. “There we go,” she said again.
	“There we go what?” Fiona asked completely annoyed.
	“Candles. Now, all I need is some fire.”
	Fiona flipped a pack of paper matches at her mom.
	“Where’d you get these? You aren’t smoking again, are you?”
	“From the counter, Mom! Jeez. I smoke one time three years ago and you act like I’m going to die of lung cancer or some crap. Light the dumb candle already.” As her mom lit the candles, it occurred to Fiona, “Did you call ahead to get the power turned on?”
	“What?” Her mom asked.
	“You’ve gotta be kidding me.”
	“Maybe I can get my old job back.” Fiona’s mom rerouted the conversation.
	“What job?” Fiona asked, rolling her eyes.
	“The one at Red Lobster. Ah. There we go. Light.” Fiona’s mom smiled triumphantly, holding up a lit candle.
Fiona stared at her mother through the candlelight. “Are you serious? That was ten years ago.”
	“I was good at that job. The manager, oh, what was her name? Mandy?”
	“Who cares what her name was. It was ten years ago. No one’s going to remember you.”
	Undeterred by Fiona’s negativity, her mother continued, “I think it was Valerie. Yes, I’m pretty sure it was Valerie. Maybe she’s still there.”
	“Ten years ago, Mom. And nice try.” Fiona said.
	“Nice try what?” Her mom paused. “I noticed you didn’t use the F-word. I’m proud of you sticking to your promise.”
	“Nice try not answering my question. The power company. You didn’t call ahead, did you?”
	“I was so busy getting the U-haul loaded—”
	“I’ll take that as a no,” Fiona said flatly.
	“I’m sorry, Fee. I’ll get on it first thing in the morning.”
	“Can we just unload some things, so I can go to bed, preferably not on the floor?”
***
After an hour of wrestling the flimsy mattresses to their rooms, moving boxes, and ignoring her mom the whole time, Fiona finally had the solitude she craved. She found the box she’d packed Mr. Lion-Bear in for the trip from Watsonville to Sierra Crest. She opened it and pulled him out and hugged him to her chest, like she did when she was a little girl.
	Ten years ago, when her mother decided in her typical impulsive fashion to get married to Dominic, some guy she barely knew, two important things happened. Her mom had a huge yard sale and lion-bear became her best friend. Fiona hated the yard sale because she watched bits and pieces of her life walk away, like her little Star Wars figurines, her too small ballet shoes, and her favorite Beauty and the Beast comforter. She had cried so hard that her mom bought her a new stuffed animal. The instant she saw him she’d loved him because he promised with his fuzzy black nose to her neck that he’d never leave her. She named him lion-bear because he was a lion, but soft like a teddy bear. She had whispered all her secrets into his fuzzy ears.
	Within days of the dreaded yard sale and the purchase of her beloved companion, they had packed up the remaining pieces of wreckage from their life in Sierra Crest, crammed them into the car, and drove two hundred miles northwest to Watsonville never to look back.
	At the time, Fiona’s mother reassured her that Dominic epitomized fun and happy, and most important of all he had a job and promised to take care of them. They’d been struggling for months, going without electricity or water more than once, because her mom couldn’t keep a steady job. Her mom always made a game out of the darkness and the droughts. She said it was good to find the silver lining in the rain clouds. Usually, that meant her mom reading to her by candle light.
	“Here we are again, Mr. Lion-Bear. Back where we started,” Fiona said to the worn stuffed animal in her lap. “This time better be different. If my mom meets another guy, I swear I’ll never talk to her again. I’m so absolutely sick of moving. Sick of changing schools.”
	Moving to Watsonville was supposed to have been a fresh start for Fiona and her mother, but once they got there the beautiful dream quickly eroded into a familiar disaster. Dominic turned out to be as flaky as all the rest of the men her mom dated. Fiona couldn’t believe anyone could be worse at holding down a regular job than her mother, but Dominic proved otherwise. Dominic also turned out to be some kind of moody jerkwad. Weeks before Fiona’s mom had decided to leave for good, he had been diagnosed as bi-polar—which answered a lot of questions, but the damage had been done. Her mom packed them up to move again. She promised Fiona life would be different this time if they went back to Sierra Crest and recovered the life they dumped years ago.	
	“I hope Mom’s being honest with herself. I want to finish my senior year at the same school. I don’t think I can take moving one more time.” She plopped Mr. Lion-Bear on her bed. “We need some blankets, little friend.” She opened another box marked FIONA’S ROOM and pulled out a well-worn quilt. “This’ll do.” Fiona smoothed it on the top mattress, blew out the candle and lay down exhausted. “God, I hope she’s being honest with herself.”

Chapter 2
Ryan turned the alarm off and stared through the dark at the ceiling. He hated O-dark thirty wake-up for morning weight training. He kicked off the blankets, swung his feet around to the edge of the bed and sat up in the cool air. He leaned over digging his elbows into his knees, and placed his head in his hands. This wasn’t how he wanted to start his senior year...another year of chasing Dario around the field. Ever since they were kids, he’d been trailing Dario. He was always good, but never good enough to surpass Dario’s natural talent. 
	Their football rivalry developed into a decade long friendship. They’d been practically inseparable for most of their childhoods. It was a comfortable fit until they hit high school. He’d trained himself to love Dario for his athleticism, his easy going manner, and his mom’s cooking, but secretly he envied his best friend’s entire life. Lately, he’d felt that envy cooling his friendship for Dario. 
	Ryan walked into the polished black and white marble bathroom. The slick floor was cold under his bare feet. He turned the light on to brush his teeth and shave his face. He squeezed a small glob of hair gel into his palm and rubbed his hands together. He spiked his blonde hair and flashed a smile at himself.  Ryan knew he was good-looking and he used it to his complete advantage. He’d become a master at lining multiple girls up, and juggling them so smoothly they never suspected they weren’t the only side girl he had. Love and sex ended up being the only arena he dominated and Dario lagged. Every chance Ryan got to harass Dario about sex and girls, he took. He enjoyed watching Dario squirm about something. 
	When Ryan got to the kitchen, his mother was already dressed and working with her phone glued to her ear. She acknowledged his entrance with a slight nod but didn’t stop her conversation. 
	“Look, Sam. I have to have those documents on my desk by nine...I don’t care if your wife is out of town. I suggest you call her and find out where she filed them.” Ryan’s mom turned toward him and shook her head about her client. 
	He walked over to the coffee pot and poured a cup. He stood leaning with his back against the counter, waiting for his mom to get off the phone.  
	“Sam. Sam. Holy shit. Would you stop talking? If I don’t get those financials, then I can’t prepare the response the judge requested. Look, I’m not kidding. I’m not accepting your excuses...I understand...you need to understand the ramifications...is that a baby crying in the background? Hire a nanny, Sam. It’s worth it to keep the squalling brats out of your hair.” She paused long enough to mouth to Ryan, “Make me some eggs, would you?” 
	Ryan nodded. She indicated over easy with toast, while her client Sam rambled on in her ear. He wished he was at Dario’s house getting breakfast made for him, instead of slaving away taking care of his mother’s breakfast. He hated that she was an attorney. He got the pan out and the eggs and began making her breakfast. 
	She ended her phone call. “Sorry, baby.”
	“For what, Mom?” Ryan flipped the eggs and pushed the bread down in the toaster. 
	“For not being a Susie-Homemaker.”
	“No, you’re not.”
	She laughed. “You got me there. I’m surprised I even had kids.”
	Ryan winced a little, but his mom didn’t appear to notice. He slid the eggs onto a plate. The toast popped up. “You want butter?”
	She sat at the counter. “No toast, baby. I need to cut down on the bad carbs. Bread is bad carbs.”
	“Sure.” Ryan served her plate. 
	His mom held her cup out to Ryan. “Hey, can you warm up my coffee?”
	“Sure.” Ryan refilled her mug and handed it back to her. 
	She took a sip. “You’re on your own again for dinner. I left a twenty on the refrigerator. Sally won’t be by to pick up the shopping until tomorrow, so—”
	“Thanks. I’m used to it. Don’t worry about it.”
	“Okay, baby.” 
	“Mom, stop calling my baby. I hate that.”
	“I’ve been calling you that your whole life.”
	“I hate it.”
	“Well, I don’t.” She cut into her eggs. “These are perfect, baby.”
	Ryan wanted to throw the spatula at her head. She never listened to him. In the end, she always ignored whatever he wanted, unless of course it required money. She threw money at him out of guilt. It pissed him off that even her guilt at not really wanting to be a mother had a price that she set and paid. 
	His mother wiped her mouth, took one last swig of her coffee and left her dirty plate and mug on the counter. “Do you mind, baby? I have to get going or I’ll be late for the conference call.” 
	Ryan shook his head. What did it matter to answer? He knew from repeated experience that she was going to leave her dishes there regardless of his answer. 
	“Sure.”
	“Thanks, baby.” She picked up her briefcase sitting on the counter and swept herself from the kitchen like it was on fire. 
	Ryan stood in the empty kitchen staring at nothing. “Damn. What a bitch.” He cleared her dishes, finished his coffee and headed off to school.  
***
Fiona hated the first day at a new school, and having to change schools for her senior year felt particularly brutal. She checked her schedule against the room number on the door: D-5. “Here we go,” she said to no one. She opened the door and walked into the room hugging her binder against her chest. The teacher was riffling through some papers at her podium. To her horror, her feet and her head began to argue.
	Feet: Just turn and run.
	Head: No.
	Feet: She’s not looking!
	Head: No.
	Feet: It’s going to be boring. Look at all the lame school boys and girls in here.
	Head: Don’t judge.
	She backed toward the door. Fiona’s feet were winning the debate. The bell rang, and Fiona nearly jumped out of her skin. Her binder hit the floor. The teacher looked up, and so did everyone else in the room—all of them zeroed in on her. She wanted to die on the spot.
	“Miss?” the teacher drew out the question, indicating she required an immediate answer.
	“Lavender.”
	“Miss Lavender, please take a seat. That was the tardy bell.”
	Fiona nodded her head, picked up her binder, hugged her books a little closer and surveyed the room. There was one empty chair in the second row behind a broad shouldered guy.
	“Miss Lavender, I’m waiting to begin class.”
	Pockets of laughter erupted around the room. Mercifully, the girl directly left of the empty desk waved her over. Fiona took the seat.
	The girl leaned over, “Hi. I’m Meagan.”
	“Fiona. Thanks.”
	“No sweat. It’s hard being the new kid.”
	“Truth.”
	The teacher rudely cleared her throat, “Ah-hem! Ladies, do you mind?”
	Meagan spoke, “Sorry, Mrs. Shandy.”
	“Let’s get to it, shall we? The first assignment this semester is a partner performance piece on a Shakespeare play.”
	The class erupted in groans and noisy protestations. “Come now, everyone. The first step to understanding any Shakespeare piece is to perform it. Then you will write a—”
	The class cut the teacher off with a firestorm of no-crap-not-Shakespeare-again.
	“Now, let’s get down to partners, shall we?” the teacher said.
	Fiona dreaded the idea of being partnered with someone she didn’t know.
	Meagan raised her hand. “Can we pick our own?”
	“No. I’ve already assigned pairs and plays for the project.” Mrs. Shandy began reading the list of names. Fiona listened for her name and prayed it would be someone who liked Shakespeare.
	“Mr. Martinez aaaand…Oh, what did I write?” Mrs. Shandy looked up and said, “Ah, Miss Fiona Lavender. You both have Romeo and Juliet. Try to do it justice.” 	Fiona’s heart sank. Which guy is Mr. Martinez? She was afraid to look around the room. But she didn’t have to bother. The broad shouldered guy in front of her turned around.
	“I guess we’ll be working together.” He said to Fiona. “Hope you like Shakespeare. I’m Dario.” Fiona looked up and noticed his smile tilted higher on the left.
	“Hi. Fiona.” She was going to melt under her desk if his smile got any bigger. He had one of those dangerous Zac Efron-type smiles, a smile that could render a girl senseless if she wasn’t vigilant.
	“I know,” he said. Fiona dared to meet his gaze. His irises shone like dark caramel. They swept her up like a hot Savannah wind when she caught the wink he gave her. Instead of calming her, his gesture released the butterflies from the net in her stomach. They fluttered and flitted, until she blushed. Surely he was the cutest guy she’d ever seen, or who had ever spoken to her.
***
Dario turned back around to face Mrs. Shandy. He couldn’t believe his luck. He got the new girl. She didn’t look like she belonged in Sierra Crest. In fact, she looked like she belonged in a book. She was definitely not a sun worshiper like the other girls around here. She was as pale as any girl he’d ever seen, especially in September when all the other girls were as tan as they could possibly get. Her raven black hair hung down her back and big bouncy curls spilled over one shoulder. Long pretty hair on a girl was his personal weakness, but it was her pale gray eyes that stunned him into the smile he still couldn’t wipe off his face. His emotions bubbled to a chuckle and he shook his head.
	“Mr. Martinez? Something you’d like to share?” Mrs. Shandy asked.
	“No ma’am.” He reined in his wild smile, biting his bottom lip.
	“This isn’t football practice,” the teacher reminded, as she surveyed her new students, “although, I’d bet half the team is in this room.”
	Bold male laughter bounced around the classroom and a distinct laughter rose above the rest. Dario turned to look at his best friend, Ryan. 
	Dario’s phone buzzed a text. He pulled his phone from his front pocket to read the message.
	Ryan: that chick is hot
	Dario: kill it
	Ryan: really dude she’s hot. Lucky u. 
	Dario: well...i can’t help it if I’m lucky :)
	“The bell’s about to ring, so I suggest you all exchange phone numbers or emails, so you can communicate about your projects.”
	“No one uses email any more, Mrs. Shandy,” Ryan shook his head.
	“I do,” Mrs. Shandy responded. “I’m old fashioned.”
	“Hashtag that, Mrs. Shandy.”
	“Hashtag what?”
	“What you just said. ‘Old fashioned.’ Twitter, Mrs. Shandy.”
	“I don’t have a twitter account. My phone doesn’t even have internet.”
	“You gotta get with this century!”
	“Ryan, exchange your information, please.” Mrs. Shandy pursed her lips.
	“If you insist.” He immediately sent a text. “I’m set.” Ryan looked up with a smug grin. The teacher shot back a mental eye-dagger right to the middle of his forehead with her squinted eye. Dario pulled out his phone and texted:
	Dario: Dude and you wonder why she hates you!
	Ryan: what do i care?
	Dario: unbelievable
	Dario turned back around to face the gray-eyed girl he’d already named Fine Fiona in his mind. “So, do you have a number?”
	“Sure,” Fiona said. He watched her look down at her hands and realized she was a little shy.
	“Well? Are you going to give it to me?”
	“I don’t know my number.”
	“That could be a problem, Fiona Lavender.”
	“I mean, I just got a new phone and I’m not sure what the number is.”
	“Easy. Text me, then we’ll both have your number.” He wrote his number upside down on her paper.
	“Okay.” Fiona sent a message.
	“Looks like your number is—” He turned the phone around so Fiona could see it. 	She wrote the number down on the top of her English homework right under his.
	“Thanks,” she said.
	“Anytime. I have practice everyday until about eight, so if we’re gonna get any work done, we’re gonna have to do it after eight. Or on the weekends.”
	“Sure,” she said.
	The bell rang and Dario stood up. “See you later, Fiona.” He left with the rest of the class hastily exiting for the next one.
	Fiona couldn’t believe she got partnered with Dario. He looked like “that guy” in magazine ads: chiseled, with a brilliant smile. She checked her schedule. Math M-7. Where the heck is M-7? 
	“Hey, Fee. Can I call you Fee?”
	Fiona looked up. It was Meagan. “Sure.” Fiona shrugged.
	“Okay, then Fee. What’s your next class?”
	“Math. M-7.”
	“Ugh. You have Mr. Cuckoo.”
	Fiona laughed. “His name is Cuckoo?”
	“Oh course not. He’s just cuckoo.” She whirled her finger in a circle aimed at her temple. “You know. Cray-cray.”
	“Great,” Fiona said.
	“Nah, don’t worry. He passes everyone. And can I say, Mr. Dario Martinez? Damn girl, you got the luckiest straw in the room. Probably the whole entire school.”
	“Really?” Fiona asked.
	“Truth.” Meagan confirmed.
***
Ryan pulled his helmet off to drink from the water hose. The fall sun burned dry and hot across the sky, making football practice more miserable than usual. He wiped the dirty sweat from his eyes with the corner of his jersey. He doused his head under the hose. 
	Dario walked up behind Ryan. “Hey, do you know what time is it?” he asked. 
	“Barely five o’clock, bro,” Ryan answered. “You’d better get back to practice before coach has a corollary.”
	“I just stepped off the field. Besides, he’s not even looking at us. And you mean coronary.”
	“That’s what I said, coronary. And who are you? My English teacher or something?” Ryan punched the star quarterback a little too hard in the shoulder pad. It pissed him off every time Dario was right about something he was wrong about. 
	“Hey! Easy boy! Didn’t mean to get your boxers all twisted up like that.”
	“Nah, man. It’s cool.” Ryan shook his irritation off with a slight shrug. “I didn’t hurt your feelings did I?”
	“Yes, yes you did,” Dario laughed and put his helmet back on, snapping it under his chin. “Right here in my heart, Ryan!” He patted his chest pad and trotted off. “In my heart, bro!” he yelled over his shoulder.
	Ryan called after him, “You suck, Dario!” Jerkwad, he thought, as he heard Dario laugh it off like he always did. Like he shrugged off everything. Dario was king of the field. Tall. Good looking. All-American. Everyone loved Dario, the guys, the girls, the teachers…everyone. Even he loved Dario, as much as he hated him. The difference in their personalities and skill struck Ryan like a calculated right hook, once again. But this time, it hit him so hard his jealousy sprang to a life of its own. It swam through his blood. As it gathered up strength, it took on form and purpose. It slithered on its belly. It coiled like an angry viper ready to strike. In that very moment, Ryan decided he would bring Dario back to planet Earth. Whatever I have to do, I’ll make him see he’s no better than the rest of us.
	“Hey, Dario! Wait up!”
	Dario turned around and waved his friend to hustle back to practice.
***
After practice, the team hit the locker room. Ryan went straight for his locker next to Dario’s. He yanked off his dirty jersey and threw it on the ground. 
	“Great practice, Ryan. All that weight training is paying off.”
	“You don’t have to say that. I’m never gonna start as quarterback. You and I both know that.” 
	“Coach Green might put you in. You never know what might happen.”
	Ryan considered Dario for a moment. “Huh. Thanks, but you and I both know you’re his favorite.” 
	“Just because I’m planning on USC doesn’t mean—”
	“Hey, Dario. Can I ask you something?” Ryan asked.
	“Sure. What?” Dario answered. He swiped each armpit with fresh deodorant waiting for Ryan’s question.
	“Ever think you want to get bigger? You know for USC, I mean.”
	“Bigger how? Lifting more weights?”
	“Kind of. But…you know…with a little help?”
	“Steroids?” Dario asked a little too loud.
	“Shh! You trying to advertise or something?” 
	“I don’t give one piss if anyone hears me.” Dario threw his damp jersey into his locker. “That’s gonna be ripe by practice this afternoon.”
	“Well?” Ryan pushed for an answer.
	“Well, what?”
	“Well, would you ever use steroids to help you out? Get a little mass?”
	“I got mass enough, bro. Look at these guns.” Dario flexed his right bicep into a perfect ball of muscle.
	“But, wouldn’t you like to get bigger? Those guys at USC are gonna dwarf you, dude.”
	“Maybe. I don’t know. Maybe. Sometimes I worry USC will get someone bigger. Faster. I don’t know.” Dario shrugged. “I guess I wouldn’t rule it out. If I had to, I mean.”
	“That’s what I thought,” Ryan said.
	“Why do you care so much about USC?”
	“Just looking out for you. That’s all.”
	“You’re a trip, Ryan. Seriously, dude.” Dario scratched his head. “Seriously.” 
***
When Fiona got home, she tossed her backpack on the floor by the front door. The spicy sweetness of her mom’s tomato sauce hung in the air. She followed her nose to the kitchen. Her mom stood at the stove stirring a huge pot of boiling pasta and a pan of simmering red sauce. Spaghetti was on the menu.
	“Hey, Mom,” Fiona announced her presence.
	Her mom turned, wiping a stray hair behind her ear with her free wrist. “How was school, honey?” she sniffed.
	“Fine. Are you crying?”
	“No. I was chopping onions. How were your classes?”
	“Fine. I guess.”
	“Did you make any friends?” her mom asked.
	“I guess.”
	“And who is this maybe friend?”
	“Dario.”
	“A boy?”
	“I mean Meagan. I met this girl named Meagan.” Fiona couldn’t believe she’d let Dario’s name out of her bag of secrets. She never talked to her mom about boys, even though her mother always asked. The only time they’d had a mutually agreed upon convo about boys was when she was getting the birds and bees 4-1-1. And she only listened to that because she’d started her period, and the whole experience freaked her out more than she thought it would.
	“I see. So, no one named Dario?”
	“No. I mean, yes. Ah! Mom, it’s not like that,” Fiona said in exasperation.
	“How is it like, then?”
	“He’s my English project partner.”
	“An assignment already? That’s good.”
	“I guess.”
	“What’s the assignment?”
	“What’s with the twenty questions?” Fiona snarled.
	Fiona’s mother smacked the wooden spoon against the edge of the sauce pan. “No call for rudeness.”
	“Sorry, Mom. You just ask so many stupid questions. I don’t want to talk about school anymore. It was fine. I’m fine. It’s all fine.”
	“Do you feel like talking about what happened with Dominic?”
	“No. I don’t want to talk about him again. And especially not with you.”
	Fiona’s mom turned her attention back to the pots on the stove. Fiona stormed out of the kitchen and up to her room for the night. She slammed the door just in case she wasn’t clear enough about her state of mind.
***
Fiona lay on the bed staring at the ceiling. The thought of Dario’s smile still teased the butterflies in her stomach. I wonder if he’ll text tonight? She pulled her phone out from under her pillow and stared at the glowing screen jammed with apps. He’s probably busy. Oh, god what if he’s a jerk to work with? I’m gonna end up doing all the work. He probably is a jerk. As she tossed the phone on the pillow, it jingled an incoming message.
“What the—?” Fiona grabbed the phone, closed her eyes and made a wish, then looked. 	As if by some magical cell phone telepathy, it was Dario. She opened the conversation bubble.
	Dario: Hey (:
	Fiona: Hey back
	Dario: How was 1st day @ school?
	Fiona: Decent.
	Dario: Cool (: Did you read anything?
	Fiona: No. Did you?
	Dario: Just scene 1
	Fiona: I’ll catch up. Promise.
	Dario: Cool. So wanna get together Saturday? To work?
	Fiona: Sure.
	The butterflies fluttered. Saturday! She smiled as a wave of giddiness tickled her from head to toe.
	Dario: Where? Your house?
	Fiona looked around her room. A set of white Christmas lights lined the perimeter of her room, and wrinkled clothes were strewn across the floor. Her grandmother’s oak dresser with attached round mirror stood against the wall opposite her bed. Several drawers refused to shut because T-shirts and jeans draped over their edges, spilling into piles on the floor. She’d pinned a poster of fairies dancing in a circle to the wall above her headboard because it reminded her of A Mid-Summer Night’s Dream. On top of her bed, in his place of honor, sat her beloved Mr. Lion-Bear.
	“I’m gonna have to clean my room,” she said. 
	Fiona: Sure
	Dario: Cool (: See ya in class & sat.
	Fiona giggled and reached for her English anthology. She scanned the index until she found Romeo and Juliet by William Shakespeare. Ah-ha. Page nine-hundred ninety-eight. She opened the textbook and started reading.

Chapter 3
Dario’s alarm blared at 5:45 AM. He reached over and shut it off and laid still, listening to the quiet sounds of the house. He needed the quiet dark to reassure him that all was well. No yelling. No screaming. No crying. Just quiet.
	He rolled over and groaned with the soreness of yesterday’s football practice. He smelled the coffee brewing and knew his mom was already up. He threw the covers off and slid out of bed. He was still thinking about the new girl, Fiona, when he stumbled into the bathroom and tripped over the fancy carpet his mom had put on the floor. He caught his arm wrong against the counter trying to keep his balance. 
	“Mom!”
	“What?!” she yelled back. “Quit yelling so early in the morning!”
	“You’re yelling back!” he hollered. He closed the bathroom door so he could brush his teeth and wet his hair before heading to the kitchen. He spoke to his reflection in the mirror above the sink, “Great, Martinez! You had to yell back.” He heard his dad’s slippered feet coming down the hall.
	Passing by the door, his dad grumbled, “Thanks for waking me up so early, Son.” He made the triple-dad-knock a little harder than usual on the door. “At least Mom has coffee ready.”
	Dario spit out the minty foam and rinsed. “Sorry, Dad.” He stepped back to observe his reflection in the mirror: left side, right side, smiled big examining his teeth. Fine Fiona.
	He entered the kitchen a little worried his dad would be in a sour mood. “Morning, Mom. Dad,” Dario said.
	His mom flipped over several pieces of golden French toast on the counter griddle. 	“Good morning, Son,” his mom said over her shoulder. “French toast?”
	Dario took his usual seat at the table. His dad’s face was buried in the newspaper. 	“French toast?  What’s the occasion? Can I have a cup of coffee, too?”
	“Does there have to be a reason?” She filled his mug and set a plate piled with French toast in front of him.
	“No.” Dario sipped his coffee and shoved a huge forkful of bread smothered in syrup into his mouth. “You don’t usually make French toast on a school day.”
	“Don’t talk with your mouth full,” his mom scolded.
	“You heard your Mother.” His dad finally joined the conversation.  
	Dario swallowed the next mouthful of breakfast washed down with black brew. 	“Sorry.” 
	“You don’t know what today is?” his mother asked.
	“I knew it!” Dario laughed. He cut another small stack of bread and swirled it in the syrup and shoved it in his mouth.
	His father finally laid the paper down and his big goofy grin widened as he tossed an unopened letter toward Dario. “Open it.”
	Dario picked it up with his free hand. He read the address: USC Office of Financial Services. He looked up at his parents who were waiting expectantly for him to open it. His dad flicked the envelope a little closer to Dario.  “Well?! Open it before we die of old age already.”
	Dario put his fork down. He considered the envelope from every possible angle, prolonging his parents’ agony. Then, he carefully slid his thumb under the corner edge of the back flap and tore it.
	“I just grew another gray hair,” his father said flatly. “Give it to me. I’ll do it.” His dad made a fake reach for the envelope.
	“Ah-Ah-Ah! I’ve got it.” Dario pulled the letter to his chest. “Geez, Dad!”
	“Fine. Hurry up, Son.”
	He ripped down the side of the envelope and squeezed the opening, gripping the letter’s edge. With deliberate slowness, he extricated the letter like he was performing surgery.
	“Quit being so crazy-crazy,” his mom said. She took a seat at the table, plunking her coffee mug down. 
	“Mom, it’s cray-cray,” Dario said. He carefully unfolded the multi-paged letter.
	“It has to be good news. They don’t send that many pages for a rejection,” his mom said.
	“Mom, please.”
	“All right. Read, damn it.”
	“Mom, your language,” Dario said. He flipped to the next page and looked up completely stone-faced.
	“Oh, God!” His dad’s face went white.
	Dario unleashed the grin he’d held in check. “Dad, chill. I got the full scholarship. All four years. I’m going to USC next Fall.”
	His father jumped up from the table, spilling his coffee with the newspaper he carelessly threw down. “Yippie!” He pulled his wife into a slow dance in the middle of the kitchen. He twirled, sashayed, and dipped her, and kissed her right on the mouth.
	“Okay, parents.” Dario pushed his chair away from the table. “That’s enough togetherness for me. I gotta get to school.”
	His father, still kissing his mother, waved him off. Dario shook his head trying not to think of his parent’s love life. He was glad they loved each other, but he didn’t need the visuals. Dario left the house smiling. He’d gotten the scholarship. It was now official.
***
Morning football practice was mostly weight training because the guys “mostly” stood around talking, instead of lifting weights. The one exception was Dario. As team captain, he took all aspects of practice seriously. To Ryan, it was just one more way Dario thought he was better than everyone else. What a bastard. Look at him just doing his leg presses like a good soldier. He was busy mind-killing Dario when the object of his discontent waved him over. Ryan gave Dario the obligatory nod greeting and headed toward him.
	“Hey, man!” he slapped Dario’s hand, sliding into their accustomed handshake. 	“Pumping up for the game against Wayne City, I see.”
	“Whatever it takes, right?”
	“Sure. Whatever it takes.”
	Dario sat up in the leg press. “Why’d you move to defense, Ryan? You tryin’ to play both sides now? I saw the roster change on coach’s door.”
	“Nah, it’s just better for me. Can’t always be trailing you as second QB. My butt sees more bench than game time.”
	“You’re a good quarterback, Ryan.”
	“Not good enough, man.” Ryan half smiled and looked away. “I’m fine with it. Don’t sweat it, D.”
	“All righty, then. So, we’re good?” Dario asked.
	“Yup. If I didn’t know better, I’d think you were stalling on these weights.”
	“Not even.” Dario settled back into the seat to begin another set of heavy leg presses.
	Ryan imagined Dario breaking a leg. He’d be the starting quarterback. The only quarterback. His plan to put Dario in his place would require stealth, precision, and maybe a little danger. “Hey, D. What’s with the new girl?”
	“What? Which one?”
	“The chick you got hitched to in English. She’s bangin’. Thought maybe you’d wanna try and get some of that fresh meat for yourself before someone else does.”
	“I’m focused on the game. Don’t need any distractions.”
	“You’re unbelievable, man.”
	Dario locked the safety, got up and racked the press with two more 45s. He looked at his friend. “What exactly do you mean by that?”
	“I mean, you get set with this hot new chick and you don’t even think about it?”
	“Think about what?”
	Ryan thrust his hips out. “It. Doing it. Sex.”
	“You know how I feel about that, man.”
	“I forgot. Your virginity plan. Dude, you gotta know I’d tap that. Why don’t you give me her number, if you’re not going to ask her out.”
	“Ryan, sometimes you’re a real ass.”
	“Take it easy, D. Just trying to get you to expand your horizon a little bit. Sample what you’re missing.”
	“I have my reasons. Leave it at that.”
	“Whatever you say,” Ryan decided he’d pushed enough. “Better finish up. Bell’s gonna ring any minute.”

Chapter 4
Dario looked around Fiona’s room. It was sparse, but he liked the way she’d strung the white Christmas lights around the floor and over her bed. Fiona gestured toward the center of the room. 
	“I thought we could work on the floor,” she said. “Is that all right? I mean, the only other option is my bed, but—”
	“Sure,” Dario said, glancing away from the bed. 
	They unpacked their anthologies and lay down facing each other with the heavy books opened between them.
	“How was the game Friday night?” Fiona asked.
	“Good. You didn’t go?” he asked.
	“No. Should I have?”
	“Do you like football?”
	Fiona winced a little. “Not really.”
	“It’s official. You just broke my heart.”
	“Why? Because I didn’t go to your game? Did you even play?”
	“I’m the starting quarterback.”
	“Oh.” Fiona fidgeted with the corner of a page in the book. 
	Dario smiled at her obvious discomfort. He thought she looked cute. “Do you know what the quarterback does?” 
	“No, but I’m guessing you’re important to the team,” she said.
	“I decide who to throw the ball to so the team can score. And I’m team captain. There’s nothing more important than football in my world. Well, almost nothing.”
	“I’ve never actually been to a football game,” Fiona admitted.
	“We’re gonna have to change that.”
	“What do you mean?” she asked.
	“Maybe you’ll come to one of my games?”
	“Sure. I guess I could.”
	“Good. You’ll be my official guest when you do. You can’t be at SCH without going to Friday night football. Everyone goes to Friday night games.”
	“I didn’t know it meant that much to you,” Fiona said.
	“Not just me. Football’s a big part of what we do. You know?” 
	Fiona’s sweet smile faded from her mouth and her eyes. She flipped a page in the anthology. Dario wasn’t sure what he’d said to injure her, but whatever it was he wanted to take it back. Hurting Fiona’s feelings was the last thing he wanted to do. He wanted her to come to his games. He wanted her to see him doing what he did best, not this English assignment. He didn’t know how to fix the injury he accidentally inflicted, so he said, “Look, I’ll let you wear my jersey on game day.” He couldn’t think of any other girl he wanted to give it to.
	He’d never let a girl wear his jersey before, too much drama. Besides, it might bring that smile he liked so much back to her eyes. And, deep down, he wanted her to wear it. He imagined throwing a winning touchdown, while Fiona watched from the bleachers. He smiled to himself.
	“What do I do with the jersey?” Fiona asked.
	“Wear it on game day,” he said.
	“Really?”
	“Don’t worry. I’ll have my mom wash it. Right now it’s fermenting in my locker with my practice gear.”
	“Lovely.”
	“You’ll see. You’ll like our football games. Trust me.”
	Fiona smiled again. “Aye, Aye, O Captain, My Captain.”
	“What?” He immediately worried she thought he was being a jerk telling her to go, when maybe she didn’t want to have anything to do with football.
	“Nothing. It’s just a poem. Silly, really. Never mind,” Fiona said.
	He noticed her smile fade away again. He had no idea why his words wiped the light from her eyes and from her lips. All he could think about was how pretty she was and how he wanted to just tell her what he thought. He watched every move she made. He wanted to reach across the books and touch her bottom lip as she bit it in a slight frown. He wanted to lean across the books and kiss her. Kiss her gently, softly. His heart pounded watching her turn pages with a delicate flick of her wrist, while her gray eyes scanned the words, and her finger traced the thin black lines. The way she moved her hands tugged at a long dormant memory. A flash of his real mother’s hands turning pages in a book curved a nervous smile on his lips. It surprised him that this image chose this moment to surface.
	“I guess we should start our English project,” Dario suggested.
	“Sure. Our first passage is act one, scene five. Lines thirty-eight to fifty-one. It’s the moment Romeo first sees Juliet. He’s saying that her beauty burns brighter than the torches. That she’s a jewel in the night sky.”
	“And all the other girls look like crows compared to her snowy-dove complexion,” Dario added. He glanced up at her, noticing how her hair tumbled in a beautiful mess over her shoulder. He wanted to sweep the long bangs behind her ear, so he could see her eyes, the tilt of her chin. 
	“Or that she was pure. Innocent. But, she certainly stood out among all the rest. At least in his eyes,” Fiona said.
	“Did my heart love till now?” Dario read. “Forswear it, sight! For I never saw true beauty,” he stopped, looking up from the page, meeting Fiona’s pale grey eyes, “till this night.”
	“I wasn’t expecting you to…to…” Fiona blurted out.
	“Read?” Dario asked.
	“That’s not what I meant. It’s just that you read it so…good.” She recalled what Meagan told her about Dario. “Maybe we’ll get an A after all.”
	“Hold on! You thought we wouldn’t get a good grade because I’m a guy?”
	“No. I just thought guys didn’t really like Shakespeare. Romeo and Juliet in particular.”
	“I’m not most guys. And Shakespeare was a guy.”
	Fiona threw her hand up in mock defense. “My bad. Point taken. No offense, okay?”
	“What’s next?” Dario asked.
	“Lines ninety-one through one-hundred-forty-four.”
	For a long while, they read silently across from each other. Fiona finished first and asked, “Do you have any questions about this section.”
	“Not really.”
	“Are you sure?” Fiona asked.
	“Let’s see.” Dario finally gathered enough courage to reach across the books and took Fiona’s hand in his. “Then move not while my prayer’s effect I take.” Then, he leaned in further, forcing Fiona to look him in the eyes. He watched the blush tint her cheeks. “Thus from my lips…,” Dario leaned close as he whispered, “By thine, my sin is purged.” He pressed his cheek against her face, pulling back so his lips brushed against her warm cheeks. With his free hand, he reached to tilt her chin up just so their lips touched without actually kissing. Then, he released her face gently from his grasp.
Fiona opened her mouth, but no words came out. She shook her head. “I’m guessing you’ve read this before.”
	“Vice-president of the poetry club,” Dario said. He knew he’d blurred their scene with reality. The feel of her breath still warm on his lips. He knew that if she leaned into him right now, he could make the kiss real without needing Romeo as a crutch. He could almost hear Ryan mocking him that he couldn’t make the move.
	“Of course you are,” Fiona said. “Maybe we should pick a different scene? For class, I mean?”
	“Good idea,” Dario agreed. He’d meant to impress her with his mad memorization skills, but failed, until the last second, to understand that his conviction against love laid dangerously close to being overturned. Without realizing it, he almost tripped head over heels into love with a girl her barely knew over a project kiss.
	“You know I’ve always thought Romeo was more in love with love, than with Juliet,” Fiona said.
	“Really?” Up until this moment, Dario had avoided all aspects of love. He believed it would only lead to trouble. He’d been attracted to a few girls in high school, but none of them had even come close to making him feel like Fiona did. He barely knew her, yet everything about her made him want to know more.
	“Do you think there’s such a thing as love at first sight? I mean can a guy just look across the room and bam! He’s in love?”
	Dario considered her for a moment. “I think love at first sight happens smile by smile. The first one hooks you. The rest keep reeling you in.”
	Fiona smiled despite herself.
	“Hey, have you ever been up to the pond?” Dario asked.
	“Not that I recall. No.”
	“You want to go tomorrow? I can drive us up there. Maybe picnic?”
	“Sounds like fun. Are you really going to make lunch?” Fiona asked.
	“Not me. My mom. Trust me she’ll make a better lunch than I would.” Dario smiled.

Chapter 5
Dario’s Dodge Ram pulled up at exactly eleven o’clock in the morning. Fiona peeked out her bedroom curtains when she heard the truck door shut. Dario had on a pair of faded jeans frayed around the hem, a tight fitting pale blue T-shirt and flip-flops. Seeing him standing there, checking himself in the side mirror of his truck, set off the butterflies in her stomach. She still couldn’t believe he was interested in her. He could have any girl on campus. She turned to make a quick check of her reflection in the mirror. She had on a pair of not-too-short black shorts, a purple T-shirt and her black tennis shoes. She’d opted for a ponytail because they’d be outside all afternoon. The doorbell rang.
	“I’ve got it!” she hollered from her room. Fiona ran down the hall, making sure she got the door before her mother. The last thing she wanted was for her mom to initiate one of her embarrassing interrogations. She stopped short of running into the door. She smoothed her hair, tightening her ponytail. She took a deep breath and opened the door.
	Dario smiled and all her words stuck in her mouth. “Morning, Fiona,” Dario said, breaking her small silence. “You ready?”
	“Sure. Sorry. I was just thinking—”
	“Don’t worry. I’m a little nervous too.” His easy smile softened his warm dark eyes. His honesty startled her.
	“I haven’t been to the pond before, so I’m not sure what to take.”
	“A towel and your swimsuit.”
	“I can get a towel, but I don’t own a swimsuit. Not much of an out-doorsy kind of girl.”
	He shrugged his shoulders. “That’s too bad because the water’s perfect this time of year.”
	“I’ll grab my towel. At least I can put my feet in, right?” Fiona said.
	Dario flashed a smile. “Sure. At least your feet.”
***
After a long quiet drive through a low hilly area outside of town, Dario pulled his truck over to the side of the road. He cut the engine. “We’re here.”
	“I don’t see a pond,” Fiona said. “I see lots of bushes and a forest.”
	Dario laughed. “It’s not a forest. And we have to walk to it. There’s a trail. Don’t worry.”
	“Oh. Great. A hike,” Fiona sighed.
	Dario laughed out loud again and grabbed the picnic basket his mom had packed for them. “Might seem like a hike for a non-outdoorsy kind of girl. It’s not. Come on.”
	When they got out of the truck, he extended his free hand to her. Fiona looked at it before finally putting her hand in his. He closed his fingers around hers. Fiona immediately noticed his palm was warm, maybe a bit sweaty. His gentle grip on her hand began to build a small thread of trust.
	After walking for several minutes down a thin strip of dirt, they rounded a large bushy tree, and the full view of the pond opened up in front of them. Fiona froze mid-step. She’d never before seen anything so beautiful this close up. The still water glistened dark green, almost black, along the shaded edges across from where they stood. Several little beaches of sand beckoned around the perimeter.
	“It’s like a scene from The Lucky One,” Fiona whispered.
	“What’s that?” Dario asked.
	“A novel.”
	“Haven’t read it.”
	Fiona laughed. “Probably not your genré.”
	“Fantasy?”
	“Sort of. Some people might call romance, fantasy.”
	Dario shrugged and pulled her toward the pond. They walked around the perimeter until they got to one of the little beaches shaded by an ancient oak tree with a rope swing. He kicked his flip flops off and plopped down on the sandy shore. Fiona spread her towel out, sat on it and pulled her shoes off to empty the sand.
	“I guess I over-dressed my feet.” She dug her bare toes into the cool sand. “It’s nice here.”
	“I thought you’d like it.”
	The late morning sun filtered through the overhanging boughs and leaves landed softly on Fiona’s face and hair.
	Dario stripped to his board shorts. “Ever been on a rope swing before?” he asked, as he dropped his shirt and kicked his jeans to the sand.
	“No.” Fiona looked at the thick rope hanging from a heavy branch overhead. 	“Don’t tell me you’re going to swing on that flimsy thing?” She tried not to stare at his chest and shoulders.
	“It’s not flimsy, and, yes, I am.”
	Fiona squealed as Dario took a running leap toward the rope, grabbed it and swung out over the pond. The branch quivered and the leaves rattled. He let go, landing in the water with a sparkling splash. When he resurfaced, he shook the water from his hair. “Whoo! Come on in. The water’s fine.”
	Fiona laughed. “Oh, you’d like that wouldn’t you?!”
	“Yes, I would.”
	“But I don’t have a suit.”
	“Improvise.” In a few swift strokes, Dario reached the shore. “Let’s get you on that rope.”
	As he emerged from the water, Fiona couldn’t help but notice the water dripping down his face, his neck and his chest. Fiona fought to keep her eyes focused on his inviting smile. “Oh, no! I’m not getting on that thing,” Fiona protested and backed up the sandy shore. “No way.”
	“Don’t tell me you’re afraid of a little air time and water?”
	“No, but—”
	“So, you’re going in with your shorts and shirt?”
	“Do I have a choice?” Fiona asked.
	Dario shrugged his shoulders. He replied with a dare. “It’s up to you.”
	“Promise to be a gentleman?”
	“Scout’s honor. I won’t even look down.”
	“A bra is like a bikini top really, but I’m leaving my shorts on,” she said. She trembled a little when she lifted her T-shirt over her head. She tossed it on her towel and crossed her arms over her bra.
	“Ready for the rope?” Dario asked. He kept his eyes focused on her face. 
	“Not really. I’m not sure I can do it,” Fiona said.
	“I’ll go with you.”
	“Are you sure it’s safe?”
	“Yes.”
	“For two people?”
	“Yes, definitely,” Dario answered.
	It occurred to Fiona that maybe this wasn’t the first time he’d taken a girl to the pond. Maybe he brought all the girls he liked up here. A finger of jealousy poked the center of her chest and she stiffened.
	“You okay, Fiona?” Dario asked.
	“Yes. Let’s do this thing. This rope.”
	“Right on! Grab hold of it. And hang on until I tell you to let go.”
	Fiona walked over and grabbed the rope with two hands over a fat knot. “I’m ready.”
	“On the count of three,” Dario said, as he backed up the beach a few paces.
	“Oh crap,” Fiona murmured, as she closed her eyes.
	“One.”
	“Oh!!!!” Fiona squealed.
	“Two!”
	“Hurry!” Fiona squeezed her eyes as tight as possible.
	“Threeeeee!” Dario ran, leapt at the rope, grabbed it and swung them both up and over the water. “Now!” he shouted, as they reached the highest point of the swing’s arch. They both let go and splashed down into the deep green mystery of the water. They surfaced, sputtering and laughing, facing each other.
	“That wasn’t so bad, was it?” Dario asked.
	Fiona spat out some water. “I think I just ate some bacteria.”
	Dario laughed. “You really are more of a city girl, aren’t you?”
	Fiona’s smile dropped. Her eyes withdrew their warmth. His words stung like criticism.
	“I didn’t mean that in a bad way, Fiona.”
	“It’s a little chilly,” she said.
	“We can get out and dry off. I’m kind of hungry, anyway.”
	“Me, too,” Fiona agreed.
	Dario sorted through the lunch basket his mom had packed. “Peanut butter and jelly or ham and cheese?”
	“Peanut butter and jelly,” she said. “I love peanut butter.”
	He handed Fiona a sandwich and a baggie of cleaned strawberries. They ate silently, sitting next to each other soaking up the warm sun and the view. After they ate, 	Dario asked, “You up to the rope again?”
	“Sure. Just don’t drown my city-girl butt.”
	“Touché.” Dario reached for her hand, helping her to her feet. “Remember, don’t let go until I give the word.”
	“What would happen if I didn’t?”
	“It’d go sideways. You might end up with a mouth full of sand, not water.”
	“Got it.”
	They swung out over the water, landing in a splash, laughing the previous tensions away and swam back to shore. Fiona smoothed her towel out and laid down letting the filtered sun warm her. Dario remained standing, looking out at the pond.
	“Don’t laugh,” he said.
	Fiona sat up. “Don’t know if I can promise that. Is it funny?”
	“I forgot my towel in my truck.”
	“That is kind of funny, you have to admit. We can share mine, if you don’t hog too much of it.”
	“Deal.”
	They lay down on the single towel, feet in opposite directions, and dried off in the afternoon heat. Fiona stared up at the sky, watching bits of pollen and dust floating in the air. She felt the warmth of the sun reaching into her chest. The warmth tugged at her heart and she realized it wasn’t just the sun, but something more. She closed her eyes and concentrated on the sensation. She placed her hand on her chest and felt her heart pounding, and she knew what it was. It had been so long absent from her life, she almost missed it. Happiness. She felt happy for the first time in a long time.  
	As they lay together, their pinkies touched. Fiona waited for Dario to make the first move, but he didn’t, so she finally slid her hand over to his. He spread his fingers folding her hand into his. The sun’s warmth eased some of the awkwardness between them. Fiona closed her eyes, happy to let the silence between them linger, while their entwined hands spoke for them. Fiona’s heart pounded. She wanted Dario to roll over and kiss her. She wanted him to take her head in his hands and pull her lips to his. She wanted him to explore her mouth with his tongue. The length of her body pressed softly against his. She’d never felt this close to a boy before and it frightened her a little, but not enough to pull away. So, she let herself drift off to sleep, hand in hand with the boy who was stealing her heart one beat at a time.
 
Chapter 6
Fiona opened her phone and reread her texts with Dario. She scrolled all the way to the bottom and stared at the last two texts she’d sent him after the day at the pond. Both had gone unanswered. Just enough time had passed for doubts about Dario’s sincerity to creep into her mind, rocking any security she thought there was in their fragile friendship. 	So when he finally texted her to meet him in the quad for lunch today, she wasn’t sure what to expect. When she got there, the central quad was filled with students mingling under trees and umbrellas in the all-too-small pockets of shade. Tables festooned with hand-painted banners advertising various on-campus clubs lined the perimeter of the quad, making it difficult for her to see exactly where she was supposed to go. She stood off to the side unsure about what to do next. The longer she waited, the more she felt the urge to just turn and leave. She hated no knowing what to expect from Dario. 
	Dario came up from behind her. “I’ve got a surprise for you,” he said.
	Startled, Fiona turned and eyed him a bit skeptically. “What kind of surprise?”
	“You’ll see.” He reached for her books.
	“What are you doing?” Fiona hugged her books closer to her chest.
	“Trying to carry your books for you.”
	“I’ve got it.” Fiona rejected the chivalrous gesture out of sheer surprise.
	Dario raised his eyebrows. “Suit yourself.” An awkward moment passed as they each stared at the ground. They looked up at each other.
	“Sorry. I just—” Fiona said.
	“It’s cool.” 
	“So, what’s happening in the quad?” she asked.
	“Club rush.”
	“What’s club rush?”
	“All the campus clubs set up tables. You check out the clubs you might like. Pick one and join.”
	“That’s pretty cool. We didn’t have that at my old school.”
	“Well…it’s a big deal here. Everyone, who’s anyone, has a club.”
	“Do you have one? I mean, besides football?”
	“Football isn’t a club. Not really.”
	“Oh.” Fiona hugged her books tighter. 
	“Come on. Ryan’s waiting for me to relieve him his shift at the table.” He urged her to follow him into the crowded quad.
	“What table?”
	Dario turned and smiled at her. “You’ll see.”
	As they walked, Fiona heard a voice yell out, “Hey! Dario! We’re over here!” Dario grabbed her free hand and pulled her through the throng of talking, laughing students. They walked up to a table with a yellow hand-painted banner that clearly read: Poetry Club. 
	“Nice of you to finally get here, Dario,” said Ryan. 
	“So you were serious.” Fiona looked at Dario, whose sheepish grin made him even more handsome, if that was even possible.
	“I would never lie about poetry, O Captain! My Captain!” he smiled.
	“Spare us, D,” Ryan said smirking.
	Dario narrowed his eyes at Ryan.
	Ryan shrugged his shoulders. “What?” 
	Dario shook his head and turned away from Ryan, refocusing on Fiona.
	“I thought you didn’t know what I was talking about.” Fiona’s cheeks flushed, so she looked down avoiding Dario’s eyes.
	“Are you kidding? I thought you said ‘aye aye’ because you thought I was being a jerk for asking you go to a football game, when you probably don’t even like football.”
	Fiona shook her head no. She wasn’t sure what to say.
	“Maybe you—” A piercing voice rose above the music and the chatter, cutting him off. He and Fiona both turned to see Meagan waving her arm at them.
	“Fiona!” She rushed up to them, her purse flopping at her side. She pushed her long bangs out of her face. “You gonna join the poetry geeks?”
	“Hey, we’re not geeks, Meagan” said a very blond, very pretty girl standing next to Ryan behind the table. 
	“No offense, Ellie.” Meagan turned around and rolled her eyes to Fiona and mouthed, “What a bitch.”
	Fiona chuckled.
	“You going to the Renaissance fair this weekend, Dario?” Ellie asked.
	“Not sure,” he said.
	She handed him a flier. “It’s going to be a lot of fun. Might be a party afterward.”
	“Those after-parties,” Dario nodded. He looked at Ryan. “You going?”
	Ryan put his arm around Ellie’s waist. “Where she goes, I go.”
	Ellie nudged her boyfriend’s side with a sharp elbow. “You know you like that stuff. Don’t make it sound like I’m the only one.”
	“I’ll think about it,” Dario answered. “I might have other plans.”
	“What other plans?” Ellie asked.
	“If he can’t go, he can’t go, Ellie.” Ryan said.
	“I’ll let you know.” Dario turned to Fiona. “You want to sign up?”
	“So, you actually knew the poem, then.” She was still thinking about the other night.
	“O Capitan, my Capitan! Our fearful trip is done. The ship has weathered every rack, the prize we sought is won. That one?” Dario asked.
	Fiona narrowed her eyes at Dario. “You really enjoyed that, didn’t you?”
	“What?”
	“Making me feel like a complete idiot the other night.”
	“Not at all.”
	“You didn’t enjoy it, not even for a second?”
	“Nope. Well, maybe for a second,” he smiled down at her. Dario tucked a strand of hair behind Fiona’s ear. He kissed the top of her head. 
	The rest of the poem recited itself through Fiona’s mind…O the bleeding drops of red, where on the deck my Captain lies, fallen cold and dead. Fiona shivered in the sun.
	“Are you cold?” Dario asked.
	“Just a little,” she said. Dario reached into his backpack and pulled out a faded orange T-shirt. “Here.”
	Fiona took the shirt. It had a symbol on it she knew all too well. She smiled. “Are you kidding me?”
	“It’s my lucky shirt,” he said.
	“I mean this.” She pointed to the black triangle with a line.
	“My favorite band.” Dario grinned.
	“Mine, too.” Fiona smiled back at him.
	“Was It A Dream,” Dario said.
	“Kings and Queens,” Fiona said.
	Fiona slipped the Thirty Seconds to Mars T-shirt on over her tank top. “Maybe we have more in common than either of us thought.”
 	“So, you think you might like watching some real Shakespeare? At the Ren fair? The bonfire gathering afterward is cool,” Dario said.
	Fiona smiled. “Sure. Why not?”
***
Between classes, Ryan caught up with his best friend. He leaned against the locker next to Dario’s. “I see you’re getting pretty close to Fiona.”
	“We’re working on our project for Mrs. Shandy.” Dario reached for his English book, pulled it out of his locker, and showed it to his friend as proof.
	“I was thinking maybe you could give me her number,” Ryan said.
	“Why would I do that?” Dario asked.
	“It’s not like you’re going to do anything with it, except schedule homework.” 
	Dario turned to face Ryan. “You really are an ass sometimes.”
	“No call for that. I just want to get to know her a little...okay maybe a lot, but that’s her call.”
	“I’m not giving you her number, so you can drop it.”
	“Oh. Struck a nerve. You sure it’s only homework you’re interested in?”
Dario shook his head. “You just don’t quit, do you?”
	“Not when you’re on the verge of liking your first girl.”
	“And if I was?”
	“I’d be cheering you on to get that first piece of—”
	“Why the smacktard routine?” Dario shut the locker door, spinning the combination lock hard enough it clanged against the metal, and started to walk away.
	“Who me? Be a jerk? To you?” Ryan shook his head. “Just looking out for you. 	Make sure you hit it, not fall for it. That’s all.”
	Dario stopped dead in his tracks. “Who said anything about falling for her?”
	“Wait, are you falling for her?” Ryan asked. 
	“I said we’re working on our project. End of story.” Dario started walking again.
	Ryan kept pace and turned up the pressure. “Like I said. Keep telling yourself that. I can see it, even if you can’t. Can I offer you a word of caution?”
	“About what? What are you getting at, Ryan?”
	“Man, she seems nice enough and all…”
	“And?”
	“Dude, I’ve seen her flirting with a few guys that’s all. I mean, what do we really know about her? She’s new, you know? Maybe she’s just one of those go-around kinda girls.”
	Dario stopped so quickly Ryan almost ran into him from behind. “Slow up, Ryan. No need to go dirty. She can talk to whoever she wants to. We’re not dating. I told you that.” 
	Ryan held his hands up in self-defense. “Just watch your back, bro. That’s all.”
	Dario didn’t respond. Ryan watched him walk away down the hall. 
***
Halfway to class, Dario re-ran the conversation in his head. Ryan’s words forced him to examine what he was doing. It scared him to realize he really didn’t know what he was after. He wanted to say things, do things with Fiona he’d never wanted to do before. His fear of hurting someone surged forward. His distrust of love was crumbling beneath his feet. The road he’d been traveling had taken a sudden turn into unknown territory. If there was anything that troubled him about what Ryan had thrown out there, it was about falling for Fiona. He had to admit to himself that Ryan was right. He could feel a small piece of himself slipping away every time he spoke to Fiona. He wanted to grab each part of himself back, but he just couldn’t. It felt good letting it happen. I can control it. I have to.

Chapter 7
Dario reached for Fiona’s hand as they walked around the Renaissance fairgrounds. He liked the feel of her fingers entwined with his. Her hands felt small nestled in his. A woman brushed passed them with a bright red apple stuck between her bouncing bosoms. 
	“That’s a trick,” Dario remarked casually.
	“I think the apple is in danger of being devoured for lunch by her breasts,” Fiona said.
	Dario laughed. “I think you’re right.” 
	They walked through the throng of medieval merry-makers and musicians, until Fiona finally stopped. 
	“Look! Dario! There’s a fortune-teller here. Let’s go in. Get our cards read.” Fiona grabbed his hand, leading him to the closed-flap door.
	Dario pulled back. “I don’t know if I want to go in there.”
	“Come on. It’ll be fun.”
	“You don’t really believe all that fate stuff, do you? That your life is already mapped out in the stars that someone can read in some cards?”
Fiona considered his question. “Sure. I believe in fate. Some things are just meant to be.”
	“I’m not so sure,” Dario said. For the first time in a long time, he thought about his real father. He hadn’t seen him in years. It’d been so long, in fact, that the recollection of his father’s face was little more than a set of hard brown eyes and a crooked smile. It wasn’t his own resemblance to the man, but the man himself that frightened Dario now.
“If your destiny is all bright and shiny, then I guess fate is a good thing to believe in. But, what if it’s not good? Then what? You’re stuck with a life that sucks?”
	“Your future can’t be anything but good.” Fiona smiled at him. “How can you doubt that? Come on. What’s the harm?”
	Dario acquiesced. He convinced himself that going in was probably no big deal.
	As soon as they entered, a raven cawed. It took a few seconds for Dario’s eyes to adjust to the dimness. He heard a woman’s voice from the shadows, “Please, sit.” The flame of a match illuminated the dark, as the woman lit three candles on her table. Dario and Fiona sat on a plain wooden bench opposite the fortune-teller. As the candle’s glow grew, Dario clearly saw the raven sitting calmly on a perch. It was huge. He’d never been this close to a raven before. It looked like a noble bird with its head held high and its eyes cocked in their direction. He couldn’t help but think of Edgar Allen Poe’s poem. He half expected the bird to croak out “Nevermore.”
	“Welcome to my table,” the fortune-teller said. She picked up a large deck of cards and shuffled them. She didn’t look the part he’d expected. She didn’t wear a costume or crazy dark eye makeup or even a colorful turban. In the half light, her eyes glittered like dark jewels. Maybe this will be all right after all, Dario thought.
	“We are reading the young man, correct?”
	That unnerved Dario. “I don’t know. It was her idea.” He pointed to Fiona, hoping to throw the attention in her direction.
	“That may be so, but it was your face I saw before you entered.”
	“Cool,” Fiona chimed in. “Yes, it’s his turn. I’ll go after. If that’s okay?”
	“As you wish,” the fortune-teller said.
	Dario wanted to bolt from the table, but his own morbid curiosity rooted him to the bench, rendering him helpless to turn and leave.
	“Hold the deck in your hands. Ask a question of the universe you wish answered. 	But do not speak it.”
	Dario did as she directed. The cards were larger than regular playing cards. He was afraid to ask anything. His mind raced to his father, his future, his fate, and then, before realizing he’d done it, he’d put the deck down in front of himself.
	“Good,” the woman said. “Now, split the deck anywhere you wish.”
	Dario lifted a top set of cards. The woman took both stacks from him. The second stack, the part of the deck he had left on the table, was the stack she dealt. She laid the ten cards face up in the pattern of a cross. Dario shifted nervously in his seat. The raven cawed. Fiona squeezed his knee in reassurance. The cards were pained with bright colors with agonized figures staring from tortured faces. The pictures on the cards bothered him. 
	“You see this first card?” She pointed to the one beneath a card that was crossed over it like a plus sign. “This is your present position in life. It is the Chariot. You are achieving a victory by your efforts and winning the battle over your emotions. You are headed on a journey. Do you understand?”
	Dario nodded. That wasn’t so bad.
	“This card is troubling.” She pointed to the card crossing the one she just spoke about. “It is the ten of Staves. Reverse meaning. You are being crossed by a traitor.”
She made the statement with such confidence that he almost thought it was a joke. “What do you mean?”
	“Someone close to you is betraying you.”
	“You mean now? Someone is lying to me right now?”
	“Yes. It’s clear,” she said.
	“I don’t believe you,” Dario blurted out. He couldn’t think of anyone who’d want to mess with him. His mind raced through his list of friends. No one even remotely stood out as a back-stabber.
	“I’m only the interpreter,” she said and continued with the third card, shaking her head. “This is the Tower card in reverse. It speaks of the best you can expect because of your current direction. You will be punished for something that could’ve been avoided. But, you were blind to it, as it was unfolding.”
	“Is it because of the person lying to me?”
	“I can’t say one way or the other. It’s most likely related.” She put her finger on the fourth card. “This card is your foundation card. It’s what roots you in the present. It’s the Ten of Cups in reverse. You have family trauma. I see violence. Extreme violence. Imprisonment.”
	“That’s ridiculous. He’s never been to jail,” Fiona said. She turned to Dario. “Or have you?” 
	“Not him,” the woman replied.
	The truth washed over Dario in a sickening wave. He didn’t want to hear any more. He wanted to pluck the woman’s words from his ears. He stood up without thinking and ran from the tent. As he rushed out, the flap closed heavily behind him.
	Outside, he shielded his eyes from the constant sun. No. She’s wrong. He pushed his way through the crowd, searching for a place to quiet his mind against itself. She has to be wrong. But the nagging voice wouldn’t quit. This stranger uttered echoes of his truth, things he worked hard to forget. She’d dredged up his darkest demons with the flip of a few cards. He finally found a bench under the big oak in the center of the park and sat down.
***
Fiona ran after Dario, but he was too fast. She couldn’t catch him. She saw the crowd parting in his wake, and then, he was gone. She wasn’t sure what had just happened. It was only a cheap fortune-teller’s words. She’s probably not even a real psychic! She’s probably a bank teller or something. Fiona found her way to the center of the fair. There, under a large oak, she saw Dario sitting alone. 
	She sat next to him without saying a word for a long while. When she couldn’t take the tension anymore, she finally spoke, “I’m really sorry.”
	Dario remained silent. He thought about what Ryan had told him about her.
	Fiona watched the colorfully costumed, noisy happy people pass by. They looked so happy and carefree. Sitting next to Dario, Fiona wondered what happened. She couldn’t piece together a logical reason for Dario bolting like he did. She thought maybe he was mad at her for making him go in there in the first place.
	“Fiona?” he asked. She turned to face him. “It’s not your fault,” he finally said.
	“Yes it is. I insisted we go in there. I thought it would be fun. I had no idea—”
	“How could you know?”
	“Is there something you want to talk about, Dario?”
	“Not really. But, I think I have to now. Or you’ll think I’m crazy.”
	“No, I won’t. Look, talk if you want. I’ll listen. Don’t talk. Either way, I’m not going anywhere.” She put her hand on his. He pulled it away and ran both hands through his hair.
	“There’s so much I haven’t told anyone.” He looked her in the eye. “Not even Ryan. No one.” Then, he looked away.
	“Not even your parents?”
	“My parents? Where do I even start with this?” He looked away. “It’s all about my parents, actually.”
	“Is there something wrong with them? I mean, is your mom sick? Your dad?”
	“No. Nothing like that. I wish it was that easy.”
	“Easy? What?”
	“I didn’t mean it like that. I don’t wish my parents were sick.”
	“I’m gonna shut up and let you talk.”
	Dario inhaled and exhaled. “When I was little, I mean really little. My father…” 
	Fiona bit her tongue. She wanted to ask him a million questions, but sensed he needed the space to say whatever he needed to say. 
	“My father wasn’t a nice person. My real father, I mean. All I really know is he killed my mother in a jealous rage. He stabbed her while I was crying in my bed.”
	Fiona gasped and sat speechless with the weight of his words. It wasn’t what she expected to hear. She wasn’t sure what she expected, but not that. Maybe that he was hit or yelled at, but not this brutal revelation.
	“Aren’t you going to say something,” he asked.
	The only thing that made sense to Fiona was to ask, “Why? I mean why did he do it?”
	“He thought she was cheating on him. He lost it, I guess. I was too little to really know anything.”
	“So, your real mother is dead. And where is your real father?”
	“In prison. For life.”
	“All this talk about fate is really about your real parents? So, the fortune teller was talking about your real father.” She understood his hesitation to see a fortune-teller and why the woman’s words chased him from the tent.
	He looked Fiona in the eyes. “Did my mother deserve that fate? Did I deserve it? Fate means our future’s already determined. It’s in our blood running through our veins like threads tying us to what’s written in the stars. I wouldn’t blame you, if you never wanted to talk to me again.”
	Through the poetry of his words and the fierceness of his eyes, Fiona saw what hurt in Dario’s eyes. “Why would I want to stop talking to you? Because of something your biological father did? It wasn’t your fault Dario. You’re not your father.”
	“It’s just that—”
	“Look, I get that you’re afraid you’ll be like your father. But, I don’t believe that.”
	“I don’t want to be anything like my father.” He looked away again. “What if his blood’s already sending me to the Dark Side? If it’s true about fate, I’m already going down. I just don’t know when.”
	“I don’t know what to say, except I don’t think your fate is taking you down. And you’re certainly never going to choose the Dark Side right, Anakin? Or am I wrong about you completely?”
	Dario shook his head. “Only you would say that, you know.”
	“George Lucas has an answer for everything.” Fiona smiled.
	“I think love made my father weak. And if his jacked-up blood is pumping through me, then—”
	“You’re afraid it’ll make you weak, too,” Fiona finished his thought. “You’re afraid your stars are crossed.”
	“That’s one way to put it. I don’t ever want to fall in love. It’s the only thing that’ll keep me safe. Keep anyone close to me safe. Sometimes...sometimes I feel...angry. Deep down. Like there’s a part of me that’s waiting to strike out.”
	“Have you ever considered that maybe, just maybe, fate can be redirected? Uncrossed? Misunderstood at the very least? Hey, Even Obi-wan didn’t know Luke’s future after Anakin turned. So, I’d say yes, there’s fate and no, we don’t know how it works. Bloodline or not.”
	Dario chuckled a little. “You mean that Fate is like the Force?”
	“I just mean that maybe there’s a more powerful truth out there. More powerful than the stars you’re so worried are going to screw up your future.” Fiona smoothed her jeans.
	“Like what?” Dario asked. His eyes focused on hers. 
	“Maybe the very thing you’re afraid of is what you have to embrace.”
	Dario raised his eyebrows. “For a second there, I thought you had some magic in your pocket. Or pixie dust. Love’s not the answer. I don’t know. Maybe. I’ve never been in love.” He swallowed hard. “I’ve never had a girlfriend, Fiona.”
	“Oh. I wouldn’t have guessed that in a million years.” 
	“And I’m a virgin. I might as well tell you, before Ryan tells you. He’s hell bent on letting me know I need to lighten up. I’m pretty sure he’d see you as a target for me to hit.”
	Fiona clapped her hands together nervously. “Why me? I don’t understand what you’re getting at.”
	“Haven’t  you guessed?”
	“About what?”
	“You’re not going to make this easy, are you?” Dario asked.
	“I guess not.”
	“You’re the first girl I’ve ever liked. I mean really liked,” Dario confessed. 
	Fiona blushed. 
	“Aren’t you going to say something?” Dario asked.
	“You’re not the only one with a past you’d rather forget. You don’t have dibs on that sitch.”
	Dario looked at her, his eyes questioning. “Really?”
	Fiona didn’t particularly want to talk about her father, or step-father, or the other step-father, but Dario deserved to know his closet-skeletons had plenty of bony company. 	“Not sure where to begin.” She took a deep breath. Her palms got clammy. She wiped them against her jeans. “Whew. I can’t believe I’m going to tell you this.”
	“After what I just told you? You don’t have to say anything, if you don’t want to.”
	Fiona dove in. “My real dad. Him I don’t know. I don’t even know where he is. I’ve only seen one picture of him. My mom doesn’t talk about him much. Everything I know about him my grandmother told me, which wasn’t much. He was a nice guy. Loved reading. We have that in common. Apparently, I have his nose and eyes.”
	“So that’s where you get those,” Dario said, as he raised a hand to her cheek and ran his thumb over the brow of her eye. “They’re unusual in a good way.”
	Fiona shrugged as his touch ignited her heart. “That’s about all I know about my real dad. So, when I was little my mom married the first guy who promised to help her raise her kid and put a roof over our heads. He was gone by the time I was in second grade. Then, there was step-daddy dearest, Dominic. He was a real winner. Him I actually remember, unfortunately. He moved us out of Sierra Crest.”
	“Wait. You were from here?”
	“Yup. Born and bred from this good old town. Went to Washington Elementary and everything.”
	“So did I.”
	“Sometimes, I wish we never left.” Fiona sighed. “Nothing was ever right after that.”
	“I wish you never left, too. Hey, look you don’t have to talk about it any more. I get it.”
	Fiona stood up. “Well, Dario. Whenever I feel overwhelmed by life, chocolate or coffee is in order. And if you choose coffee, it has to have whipped cream on it or it doesn’t count.”
	“Starbucks?” Dario suggested.
	“Now, you’re talking my language.”
	Dario got up from the bench and reached for Fiona’s hand. “I really like you. A lot.” 
	Fiona let his fingers thread through hers. His hand was warm, strong. Somehow, she figured they’d figure it out. 
***
The after party began on the far side of the Renaissance Fair grounds, near the edge of the city park’s wooded island. Dario sat against a large rock with Fiona between his knees, her back pressed against his chest. Her arms rested on his knees, and his arms wrapped loosely around her waist. Dario watched the huge bonfire blaze orange and blue against the black night sky. The red hot cinders floated above the roaring flames, funneling up into the darkness. A hipster boy sat in the light of the fire strumming Coldplay songs on a guitar he hugged in his lap. Fiona’s back was warm against his chest. He leaned forward to smell her hair, soft against his face.
	“Your hair smells like campfire,” he said.
	“Thanks. I think.”
	“Don’t worry. It’s a good thing. I like it.” He let a strand of her hair slide through his fingers.
	“Okay, in that case, thanks.” Fiona turned to look at him and smiled.
	“Did you notice how bright the stars are?” Dario asked.
	She leaned her head back against Dario’s shoulder and looked up. “No, not until just now. They look like blinking jewels.” 
	“You want to take a walk?” he asked.
	“It’s dark. Where would we walk to?”
	“Trust me. I know a place. The view is spectacular.”
	“Okay.”
	Dario got up first and slapped the damp grass off his jeans, then he extended his hand to Fiona and she reached for it without hesitation. He held her hand low next to his thigh so that as they walked their legs sometimes bumped their clasp hands. The light and noise of the gathering faded as they walked along the edge of the city park’s planned woodland. Dario wanted to tell her how pretty he thought she was, but kept the words to himself. He didn’t want to say the wrong thing and come on too strong. His avoidance of girls had handicapped him for this situation. He knew next to nothing about girls, except that he wanted Fiona. Within minutes they reached a small trailhead.
	“We have to go down this way.” Dario pointed to the dirt line that faded into shadows and darkness. He pulled out his phone and switched the flashlight on high, beaming the bluish light down the intended path.
	“That looks scary,” Fiona said. She backed up a step. “I don’t know.”
	“It’s okay. I promise.” Dario reassured her by releasing her hand and putting his arm around her shoulders. “I’ve got you.”
	“It better be worth it. What if a tree monster grabs us or the Wild Things kidnap us?”
Dario stiffened a little. “The Wild Things? You mean the kid book?” He hadn’t thought about that book in forever. Without knowing it, Fiona broke the seal on the lid to his Pandora’s Box.
	“Those little monsters freaked me out. I hate that story about Max and their gnashing teeth and all that. In a forest. This looks like that forest.”
	“It’s not my favorite story either,” Dario said. He pulled her a little closer. “It’s just some trees. It’ll be fine. I know where I’m going.” They followed the thin glow projected by his phone. The well-trodden path wound around trees and rocks. The branches soon canopied overhead blocking out the white points of light above and the sky itself. Dario held her tight against his side. He pulled her just a little closer and kissed the top of her head. He liked how she leaned into him. He hoped she felt safe.
	It seemed like they were lost in the shadows of the low hanging branches and tree trunks when the night sky popped into view. They stepped out into a small hidden meadow circling a huge boulder.
	“Welcome to Boulder Meadow,” Dario announced. “Come on.”
He led her through the low grass and late summer flowers bowing their sleepy heads to the earth, closed for the night.
	“Wow. It’s a lot bigger close up,” Fiona said. She put a hand out to touch it. “It’s cold.”
	Dario led them around the rock to a place with an easily accessible cleft serving as handholds and footholds. They scaled the giant rock to the very top.
Fiona stood and looked out over the meadow. “It’s all silver in the moonlight. It’s beautiful.”
	“Most people forget this is here. It’s my favorite spot to be under the stars,” he said. “Here and, now, the pond.”
	Fiona turned to face him. “Why’s that?”
	“You know why,” Dario said, looking down into her eyes. “You.”
	Fiona blushed and looked away.
	“Is something wrong?” Dario asked.
	“No. Not at all.”
	Dario sat on the rock. Fiona sat next to him. He put his arm around her, guarding her from the chill. “You want to see something really cool?”
	Fiona nodded. “Of course.”
	“Lay back and look up.” He leaned back, opening his arm so she could lay next to him. “Look at that.”
	Fiona settled in the nook of his arm and looked up at the sea of stars. “I’ve always thought stars looked like dancing dots of light. Little flames across the sky. This view really is spectacular. Thanks for bringing me here.”
	Dario hugged her a little tighter to his side. She warmed him from the inside out. 	“I have a confession, Fiona.”
	“What’s that?” she asked, as she turned to face him.
	“When we were at the pond I wanted to kiss you.”
	“I have a confession, too.”
	“What’s that?” he asked and smiled up at the sky.
	“I wanted you to.” She rolled onto her side with Dario still cradling her shoulders.
	“I’ve never kissed a girl like this.” He gave up another truth and met her gaze.
	“Like what?” she asked.
	Dario swallowed hard. He leaned his head down, stopping just as his lips made contact with hers. He could feel the heat of her breath, the soft curve of her bottom lip. Then, he pressed his mouth against hers. Her lips parted. She was sweet, and soft, and stirred a long dormant hunger. He rolled completely on his side, wrapping his arms around her tightly. He kissed her harder. Fiona wrapped a leg over his, pulling him closer to her, smashing their bodies completely against each other.
	His body had a mind of its own. It told him he wanted her. He wanted more than this kissing. His hands roamed to her unknown curves. His brain screamed for the emergency brake.
	Fiona pulled her mouth away to whisper, “If you want to…”
	Her offering jarred him to his senses. He’d jumped with both feet into an all-consuming fire. And he’d done it without realizing it would happen. If he didn’t stop now, he wouldn’t be able to stop the swell of emotions and needs urging him forward. No girl had ever tugged so sweetly on his heart, until now. He sat up, pulling her with him. “It’s getting kind of late. We should be getting back. I still have to get you home.”
Fiona sat up and looked away. “Sure. Okay.”
	Dario helped her down the rock by the same path they had climbed up. They walked all the way back to the bonfire in silence. Dario was confused by what happened on the rock. He was afraid of how he wanted her, how she was reaching all the hidden places in his heart.
	On the way back, Dario noticed that Fiona didn’t lean into him the way she had earlier. He wondered what she was thinking. He hoped she knew how much he wanted her. He wanted to just tell her, but that would take him down a path he wasn’t certain he wanted to go.  

Chapter 8
Fiona checked her phone for the one-millionth time. Dario hadn’t texted her since the after party. They saw each other at school all week, but he was always busy with practice or after school tutorials. She knew something was wrong, which reaffirmed her fear that maybe he didn’t like her anymore. That she’d done something to make him go away.
	So when her phone dinged a text Saturday night, she was passed expecting Dario’s name to show up.
	Dario: hey I think we present Monday
	Fiona: Yeah. We do.
	Dario: Thought so. Maybe we should practice.
	Fiona: Been wondering about that.
	She waited for his reply. Several minutes later, his bubble popped up.
	Dario: Yeah…sorry about that. I’ve been busy.
	Fiona: Sure. No problem.
	Dario: Should I come over tomorrow?
	Fiona: Sure. Can you make it by 2? I have a research paper I have to finish.
	She lied.
	Dario: cool :) see you
	Fiona stared at the conversation bubble: “cool :) see you.” It rang generic in her mind. It didn’t feel like the Dario she’d being discovering the last couple of weeks.
***
When Sunday afternoon came, Dario showed up just before two. She answered the door and realized she had no idea what to say. Anxiety about why his texting suddenly stopped, why he pulled away after their kiss on the rock, and his general distance kept her from extending her usual smile.
	“Hey,” she said.
	“Hey, Fiona,” Dario said.
	“Come in.”
	Dario walked through the door and stood in the foyer.
	“I guess we can study in my room, again,” Fiona said. They walked silently down the hall to her room. Fiona wanted to just blurt out the question between them. What happened?
	They lay on the floor facing each other like they usually did, with books open, leaning toward each other on their elbows. The closeness they had shared at the pond and Boulder Meadow was now replaced with awkwardness. Fiona felt the chasm between them and she wanted to build a bridge and get back to where they were, but she had no clue if that’s what Dario wanted. 
	“We could use the desks to make a balcony,” Fiona said.
	“That could work,” Dario said.
	“Do you want to read for a while?”
	“Where do you want to start?” he asked.
	“Line sixty-two, I guess, where Juliet says: ‘How did you get here? The orchard walls are high and hard to climb. And if any of my family discovers you, they’ll kill you.’”
	“Love gave me wings to breach these walls. Nothing can keep love out. If love dares to do it, it can be done. Your family worries me not.”
	“But, they will murder you.”
	“A glance from your eyes is more dangerous than twenty swords. Your favor protects me.”
	Fiona stopped. “Really? That’s what that means? Are you sure?”
	“Positive,” Dario said.
	“Okay. Where was I? ‘I don’t want them to find you here.’”
	“The night hides me well enough. But if you love me, then let them come.” Dario’s voice softened. “I’d rather die by their hate, than live without your love.” Dario reached a hand to hers. “I’m sorry I’ve been busy.” Dario squeezed her hand. “That and I’m a little nervous about what comes next.”
	“I thought I’d done something to make you mad,” Fiona confessed quietly.
	“No. Not at all.” He looked into her eyes. “I’ve never met anyone as beautiful as you, Fiona Lavender.” He leaned over the books, his face just inches from hers. “Kiss me,” he said. “Slowly.”
	Fiona glanced down at his mouth, curving in a slight smile, then back to his eyes which were still on hers. Without closing her eyes, she reached the short distance between their lips. “I thought you’d never ask.” His breath tickled her lips.
	“How about now?” he said.
	Fiona pressed her mouth to his, making sure the kiss was deliberately slow. Just the slightest taste of his lips made her want more, but she held herself from pressing further. Dario broke the connection first.
	“I was wondering if you’d come to my game this Friday?”
	“Sure, I guess so.”
	“Will you wear my jersey?” Dario asked. “It’d mean a lot if you would.”
	Fiona nodded. “I’d be happy to.” She knew that the awkwardness gripping them an hour ago had melted into the background and their familiar ease had returned.

Chapter 9
	“I’m a little nervous,” Fiona admitted.
	“Me, too,” Dario whispered.
	“What if Mrs. Shandy thinks it’s not good enough?”
	“Not possible. I’m more worried about dropping a line.”
	“You were perfect yesterday.”
	“That was yesterday.”
	“I wasn’t even worried about that, until now. Thanks,” Fiona said.
	“You’re welcome.” Dario disarmed her with a flash of his pearly whites.
	Fiona narrowed her eyes in mock annoyance. “You’re a pain in the ass.” 
	“And what a beautiful ass it is,” Dario replied. 
	Fiona looked at him with feigned malice, “You’re impossible.” 
	Everyone clapped, signaling someone’s presentation just finished. Neither Dario nor Fiona had been paying attention.
	“Miss Lavender and Mr. Martinez. Are you ready?” Mrs. Shandy asked, looking over the black rim of her librarian eye glasses.
	“Yes, we’re ready,” Dario said. He got up and walked to the front of the room. Fiona took longer getting out of her desk seat. The walk to the front of the class took forever. Dario slid an empty desk and chair combo to the front, turning it sideways, positioning it as the balcony. “My lady,” he said, as he gestured for her to sit on the desktop. Some students giggled. A few girls sighed, “Aw.” Fiona sat on the desk, facing partially away from the class, while Dario sat in the chair with his legs facing the class.
	Mrs. Shandy pushed her glasses up at the nose bridge. “We’re ready when you are.”
	Fiona took her cue and looked forward, ignoring Dario completely, as he spoke.
	“He makes fun of something he’s never known.” Dario looked up at Fiona. “What is that light in the window? It is Juliet. It is the sun. Swing full into the sky. Eclipse the jealous moon, silver ball sick and pale with envy because you are more beautiful than she. It is my lady. My love. If only she knew that I loved her.”
	Someone laughed. Fiona thought it sounded like Ryan, but kept her composure. 
	Mrs. Shandy shushed the class. “Continue,” she said.
	“Her mouth moves, but I can’t hear her words. Should I shout out? Tell her I’m here? Wait. She might not even be talking about me. Look how she leans her cheek on her hand. I wish I was a glove on her hand, so I could feel that soft cheek.”
	“Aye, me,” Fiona spoke.
	“She speaks. Speak again bright angel. You are as glorious as the night sky above me. You astound me with your beauty.”
	“Oh, Romeo. Romeo! Why did you have to be Romeo? Forget your father, your family and be mine. Or, I will deny mine, and be yours.”
	“Should I wait? Or speak now?”
	“It’s only your name that’s an enemy. Not you. You are, you. What’s a name anyway? It’s not really a part of you. Not any part that makes you a man. Call yourself anything else. A rose would still smell as sweet, even if it were called by a different name. It’s the same with Romeo. If he had a different name, he would still be divine perfection in my eyes. Romeo, forget your name and take all of me.”
	Dario took Fiona’s hand. “I take you at your word. Call me your love, and I will take a new name. From today forward, I’ll not be Romeo.”
	“Who’s spying on my private thoughts?”
	“I don’t know how to answer that, since my name is hateful to us both. My name is your enemy. If it was written, I’d tear it up. Throw it away.”
	“I haven’t heard you speak a hundred words, but I know your voice. Aren’t you Romeo? And a Montague?” Fiona looked into Dario’s eyes and found her heart warming at his glance, releasing the butterflies she so desperately tried to cage.
He kissed Fiona’s hand. “I’m neither. If either name offends you.” Their eyes locked. All Fiona could see was Dario. Dario at the pond. Dario laying next to her on the boulder. Dario kissing her. 
	Dario broke the spell she was under when he spoke. “Well, that’s it so far.”
The silence hung for a few more moments, until Megan thankfully blurted out, “That was pretty damn good.” She started clapping. Soon, everyone followed her lead, even Mrs. Shandy.
	“That was well-done. I wasn’t expecting such a good go the first time out,” Mrs. Shandy admitted.
	“Oh, come on Mrs. Shandy. You know I love this stuff.”
The teacher smiled wryly. “I suppose I do now. Go ahead take your seats.”
Dario extended a hand to help Fiona from the desk top. “My lady.” The class cackled and hooted. Ryan shouted, “Lover boy.” Dario shrugged ignoring Ryan and smiled at Fiona. As they sat down, Dario took the seat behind Fiona, and whispered in her ear, “Nice work.”
	She turned around to catch his brilliant smile aimed right at her heart. “Thanks. Not bad yourself, my Lord.”
	“Now, you’re playing my game.”
	“Is there a touchdown in this game?” She wiggled her eyebrows.
	“I’m not sure,” Dario said.
	“I guess we’ll play it by ear,” she whispered back.
	“Remember to wear my jersey Friday.”
	“Okay.” Fiona smiled back at him, hiding her disappointment that he’d deflected their playful banter in a different direction. She wondered if he still liked her, liked her. She had a hard time hanging on to the fact that he’d already confirmed that he liked her. Doubts and insecurity colored everything where Dario was concerned. 

Chapter 10
Fiona put the jersey on. It was really big. The shoulders hung down to her elbows. The length hung almost to her knees, so she tried knotting it up on the side. She assessed herself in the mirror hanging from the back of her bedroom door. “At least you can see I have shorts on,” she said to her reflection.
	She went downstairs where her mother greeted her with raised eyebrows. “My, my! Is that that boy’s jersey?”
	“Mom!”
	“I know it’s not yours.” Her mom teased.
	“I haven’t even had breakfast, or coffee. And twenty questions.”
	“It was a single question, Fiona. And, I’ve already been to Starbucks. You’re welcome.”
	Fiona spied the venti to-go cup with her name on it. “Caramel macchiatto?”
	“Yup.”
	“Sorry, Mom.” Fiona picked up the coffee, took a sip and apologized again. “Really. Sorry, I jumped down your throat. Yes. This is Dario’s jersey.”
	“Who’s Dario?”
	“The guy from my English class project.”
	“Oh! Tall and handsome Romeo.”
	“Mom! Gah!”
	“What?”
	“Can’t we talk without arguing?”
	“No one’s arguing, Fiona.”
	Fiona rolled her eyes. “Forget it. But, thanks for the coffee.”
***
As Fiona walked down the main hallway, she caught several furtive glances cast in her direction. Some looks passed as friendly, others not so much.
	“Hi,” said some girl Fiona didn’t even know.
	“Hi,” Fiona said back, as they passed in front of the math wing. She looked down at her feet and smiled to herself. She couldn’t help it. It felt good being noticed for something other than being the new girl. Her free hand reached up and touched the number four on her chest. Dario’s number. Dario’s jersey. She knew the extra attention was because she was wearing the star quarterback’s jersey. Today might just kick ass, she thought.
	As she entered math class, Ryan waved her over. It was the only class she had with Ryan other then English. Without Dario around, Ryan was kind of a jerk and she wondered why Dario liked him so much.
	“Hey, Ryan,” she said.
	“Hey, yourself, Miss number four.”
	Fiona blushed a little and touched the white number on the front of the jersey for the one-hundredth time. “Dario asked me to wear it today. My first game.”
	A wicked grin curved Ryan’s lips. “Oh, I doubt that.”  
	“What?” Fiona asked. Ryan’s comment slapped her dignity. 
	“I said I highly doubt this is the first time you’ve been to a game. A football game.” Ryan’s clarification passed through his smile, which Fiona swore had morphed into a sneer.
	“It is,” Fiona mumbled.
	“That makes you some kind of virgin, doesn’t it?”
	“Whatever, Ryan,” Fiona said. She turned to find a seat across the room.
	“Hey! Fiona! Come back here! I’m just hassling you. Come on. Sit by us.” Ryan gestured to the desk behind him. Ellie sat next to him.
	Fiona turned back, considering him for a moment. He was Dario’s best friend. Make an effort to like him jackass or not. “Okay. Sure,” she said. She took the proffered seat. “You know you can be a little annoying.”
	Ryan laughed. “If I had a dollar for every time Dario said that I’d be a rich man!”
	“I don’t think you’re annoying, baby,” Ellie said.
	Meagan strolled into class just as the tardy bell rang. “Hey!” she shouted. “I made it!”
	“Barely, Meagan,” said Mr. Radin. “Take a seat, please.”
	“I am. I am.” She took the seat next to Fiona, behind Ellie. As soon as Mr. Radin started the lesson, the class quieted down. Meagan leaned over and whispered, “I see you’ve got Prince Charming’s jersey on.”
	“Yeah,” Fiona said. She couldn’t quite look her friend in the eye. The smile she held in check threatened to burst into full bloom. Fiona wouldn’t risk it. “It was nice of him.”
	“Oh, it was more than nice of him.”
	“I guess.”
	“You don’t get it do you?”
	“Get what?”
	“What it means to wear a guy’s jersey on game day.”
	“Yes, I do. I see people looking at me because of it.”
	Meagan slapped Fiona’s arm. “If a guy asks you to wear his jersey, it means he thinks you’re special. He’s singling you out from all the other girls.”
	“Oh,” Fiona whispered. Giddy butterflies circled in her stomach. Fiona hadn’t realized the significance of the jersey at all. She hoped this meant Dario liked her as much as she liked him. 
	“Dario’s never asked a girl to wear his jersey before. And I mean never. Not in the history of our school. That makes you his first. You’ve done what a hundred girls wish they could’ve done.”
	“What? Wear his jersey?”
	“You’ve de-flowered him.”
	Fiona looked up, catching the wink and nod Meagan directed at her. She immediately put her head down as the heat of Meagan’s words caught fire in her chest. 	Mr. Radin’s voice faded to muffled non-sense. Dario. She thought of his blindingly gorgeous smile. His soft, kind brown eyes. She smiled despite her best effort not to. Dario. I’m falling for you. And I can’t stop. I don’t want to stop. She recalled the moment at Boulder Meadow when his kisses turned from exploration of her mouth to hungry for something bordering on dangerous. She’d been willing to go further, but he’d pulled back and then ignored her for an entire week. Their closest moments so far were always followed by Dario retreating. She didn’t know how to avoid this pattern. She wanted Dario to want her, not run from her.
 
Chapter 11
The varsity game began with the sun high in the fall sky. Fiona walked to the student section and found an empty space to sit on the hot metal bleachers. She wore sunglasses, a baseball hat with her long hair pulled through the back opening making a ponytail, Dario’s jersey and jean shorts. She wished she’d listened to her mother and brought a blanket to sit on. I hate it when she’s right! She sat down and the scorching metal bleacher stung the back of her legs. Great. Probably gonna get ridges burned into the back of my thighs. Sweat trickled down Fiona’s back. Dario promised her that his mom had washed it twice, but Fiona was certain no amount of laundry soap could ever get the stench of hundreds of sweaty football practices completely out. She conjured Dario’s smile in her mind’s eye. I would sit under a thousand suns to see that smile. 
	Across the field, Fiona saw the team lining up. They were too far away to make out individual players, but she knew Dario was in there somewhere. The band began to play. The football team charged onto the field hollering at the top of their lungs. A player carrying a gold-fringed American flag led the charge. The entire student section stood up and started screaming. Soon, everyone was screaming. Parents waved number-one-shaped foam fingers, homemade signs, and the collective shouts resounded in a deafening roar. The excitement of the crowd was contagious and Fiona found herself yelling, too. She scanned the line of jerseys looking for number four. Then, she saw him. And, as if on cue, Dario turned around scanning the student section. Their eyes met and he pointed at her. She waved. Then, he was off to warm up on the field.
	Fiona watched as Dario and six other players jogged to the back end of the warm-up area. One player tossed Dario the ball and he threw it to players running various patterns. They’d run left or right. Pivot. Turn. Catch. Throw it back to the guy next to Dario, and it started all over again. Sometimes, they dropped the ball. A few times, Dario threw the ball over them or in front of them. But, they kept drilling. A man’s voice boomed over the loud speakers.
	—Ladies and gentlemen, please rise for the playing of our National Anthem.
	Both teams lined up along the side lines, took their helmets off, and faced the huge flag at the eastern end of the stadium. The band played the National Anthem. Fiona mouthed the words as the music blared. When the last note rang out, the crowd roared. 	The band played the school’s fight song, which Fiona didn’t know, yet. 
	Dario and three other players walked to center field. Fiona watched the official toss a coin and then point toward the east. The announcer’s voice boomed again.
	—And Sierra Crest has the ball.
	“Fee!”
	Fiona scanned the crowd.
	“Up here!”
	Fiona turned all the way around and saw Meagan. She waved and smiled. Meagan pushed a few people out of her way making a path through the bodies to Fiona’s side. 	“Whew! Didn’t think I’d find you.”
	“Glad you did. Thought I was gonna sit by myself the entire game.”
	“Nah. I’m persistent. How’s the experience so far?”
	Fiona wiped a thin trickle of sweat from her cheek. “Pretty awesome, but hot as hell.”
	“You aren’t kidding. I need something cold to drink.”
	The crowd roared. Fiona looked toward the field just in time to see a player from Sierra Crest run the ball into the end zone.
	Meagan yelled, “Woo-Whooo!” 
	The band played. The cheerleaders dropped down to do push-ups. The crowd waved their signs, their hands, and screamed their delight.
	By halftime, Fiona was starving. “Where do we get something to eat?”
	“You okay with greasy crap?” Meagan asked.
	“Sure.”
	“Good. That’s all you can get here,” Meagan laughed.
	Fiona ordered nachos with jalapenos. The concessionaire drenched the tortilla chips in melty cheese sauce and dumped a little plastic cup of hot peppers right on top. She dipped her finger in the cheese, scooping up the golden goo, and licked it. “This is so bad for me. But, it’s so frickin’ good.”
	Meagan loaded her order with ketchup, mustard, onions and relish. “I prefer the hot dogs,” she said. “The works or zilch for me.” She took a huge bite of her over-loaded dog, squishing a blob of relish and ketchup to the ground. She licked the corner of her mouth. “Hot-dog foul.” 
	When they returned to their seats, the second half had already started. The sun, now tucked behind the horizon, took the heat and light with it. The giant banks of stadium lights flashed on their artificial sunlight onto the field with several loud clicks. Fiona marveled how clearly she saw everything. Flying bugs and moths hung in the warm night air. Bats flew erratic patterns and dipped into the light only to fly out as fast as they flew in like tiny Batmans.
	“I have to admit this is pretty cool. I can’t believe I’ve never been to a football game before.”
	“Admit it, Fee. It’s only because of Dario.”
	“No. Yes. No.” 
	“Yes way. Look chicky. I saw you and Prince Charming in class.”
	“That was just an assignment.”
	“Let me rephrase that,” Meagan cleared her throat. “We all—” She swirled her index finger in a circular motion. “We all saw you in class. Both of you.”
	“It didn’t mean anything,” Fiona insisted.
	“Just like you wearing his jersey doesn’t mean anything.”
	Fiona’s cheeks flamed red with embarrassment. “Meagan! He was just being nice.” 	
	“You’re blushing!” Meagan teased.
	“No, I’m not.” Fiona smiled so big, her cheeks burned.
	“Let’s just see who’s right, shall we?”
	Forcing her mouth into a straight line, Fiona said, “Whatever.”
	The announcer could barely be heard above the crowd.
	—Ladies and gentlemen, it looks like we’re all tied up 14 to 14.
***
On the field, Sierra Crest had possession of the ball on the thirty yard line. Dario saw the coach signal for a passing play. He suspected the defense would be expecting that. They’d been all over his receivers the entire first half. He scanned the defensive line after the huddle. Sure enough, the defense shifted, lining up to cover Zeek, Bart, and Fabian. He eyed the safeties and two corners setting about seven yards back. He realized they expected a pass to Fabian. He took position behind the center and called, “HIKE!” Ball in hand, he dropped back, scanning the field for his check-down guy. Zeek was covered. Fabian was going deep. Dario dropped back again, seeing Bart covered. He cursed out loud and zeroed in on Zeek again. Still covered, but…Last drop back, and Dario threw to Zeek who’d managed to break free from the man covering him. Pass complete. Twelve yards. First down. Dario heard the muffled roar of the crowd cheering his team on.
	On the break, Dario knew the defense expected more of the same. This time, they lined up like they thought Zeek was a bigger threat than Fabian. He’d let them roll with that mistake. On hike, Dario dropped back, and back and the pocket began collapsing around him. He scrambled to find Fabian. Everyone was covered. Then, the unexpected presented itself, as both teams parted in mutual combat, a green path opened under his feet. Dario tucked the ball in his elbow just as the space around him filled with his rival’s colors. By the time the defense realized he was running with the ball, Dario was half way to the end zone. No one expected him to run. In the corner of his right eye, he caught two guys bearing down on him. Another from the left. He felt them closing the gap behind him. He kicked it into high gear. He saw the blur of turf beneath his feet. Touchdown! Fans stood and cheered.
	As his teammates ran to congratulate him, Dario’s eyes scanned the stands. That was for you, Fine Fiona.
***
Dario saw Fiona talking with Meagan in the stands. He waved her down so she could meet his parents, who were just a little too eager to meet her. He watched her walk slowly down the cement stairs toward the field gate, across eight lanes of track. He knew she was probably nervous. 
	When she approached, Dario took her hand. She looked up into his eyes and made a fake smile. Dario pulled her to his side to let her know it was going to be okay.
	“So, this is the young lady lucky enough to wear your smelly jersey,” his mom said.
	“Mom! Please,” Dario said. “See. This is why I never introduce you to any girls.”
	“Son. There haven’t been any other girls,” his dad said.
	Dario looked mortified. “Dad!” 
	“Thanks for washing the jersey, Mrs. Martinez,” Fiona said.
	“You’re welcome,” Dario’s mother said. She turned to her son. “Aren’t you going to introduce us to your girlfriend?”
	Dario shot his mom a look that could’ve felled a wild boar. He shook his head. 	“This is Fiona. Fiona, these are my parents.”
	“Nice to finally meet you,” his mom said.
	“Yes,” his dad added. “It’s certainly a pleasure.”
	An awkward silence passed between Dario and his parents. Fiona looked down at her feet, toeing the edge of the track where the grass met the lanes.
	“Okay, dear. Maybe we should let these two have a little privacy,” his mother said. She winked conspicuously at her son.
	“Mom. We don’t need privacy.”
	“So you want us to stay?”
	“No!” Dario shot a fast and desperate glance in his father’s direction, pleading silently for help.
	Dario’s father answered him by taking his wife’s hand. “I think he’s had enough embarrassment for one night. See you at home, Son.” His parents walked off without looking back, leaving Dario and Fiona standing alone.
	“Did you like the game?” Dario asked.
	“Yes, it was fun. Much better than I expected.”
	“I’m glad you liked it.”
	“I saw you make a goal.”
	“Touchdown,” he corrected.
	Fiona winced at her mistake. “Touchdown.”
	“I don’t usually run the ball, but—”
	“Thanks for letting me wear your jersey. It was nice of you.”
	“I didn’t do it to be nice.”
	“I thought…,” Fiona looked down. 
	Dario realized that his words had once again caused the smile to slip from her lips and from her eyes. Get it right Martinez! Quit talking. Do something.
	Dario knew he smelled like a muddy, swampy riverbank, when he reached a hand behind Fiona’s head and leaned his head down toward hers. He brought her face close enough to his that their lips gently brushed together. His knees shook a little, because kissing her turned him upside down every time. The feel of her lips on his made him want to throw his blinking caution light into the ocean and never look back. He hoped she didn’t care what he smelled like right now. Then, without further hesitation, he kissed her. Her lips tasted like nacho cheese and jalapenos, and he didn’t care. This was him kissing her. And if he wasn’t certain about Fiona before, he was certain now. His heart beat so loudly in his ears; he thought she must be able to hear it, too.
	He pulled his head back. “Be mine,” he whispered.
	She put her forehead on his chest. When she looked up, she said, “Does this mean I keep the jersey?”
	Dario laughed. “No, I kind of need it back.”
	“That’s too bad. I was getting used to the smell.”
	“You didn’t answer my question,” he said.
	“What was the question?”
	Dario leaned in to kiss her again. “I asked you if you’d be mine.”
	She kissed him back. “You mean be your girlfriend?”
	Dario pulled her close in his arms. “Yeah, something like that.” He kissed her softly. He wanted to kiss her forever.
***
Meagan’s cell phone buzzed at exactly 12:07 AM. Ryan was seven minutes late. But she didn’t care. He’d texted her like he’d promised. She opened the message.
	Ryan: Meet me down the street
	Meagan: brt
	Meagan slipped her Uggs on, catching the hem of her pajama pants in the neck of the boots and pulled a sweatshirt over her tank top. She quietly opened her bedroom door. The hall was dark except for the faint glow coming from the bathroom night light. She tiptoed down the hall, passed her parents’ bedroom and slipped out the kitchen side door into the night.
	A light mist covered the grass, wetting the toes of her shoes as she walked across her lawn. Meagan looked back at her house, reassuring herself that her parents hadn’t heard her leave. All the windows remained dark and still. The street lamps cast spotlights on the pavement along the sidewalk, so she kept to the shadowy edges. Down the block, she saw Ryan’s car parked under an overhanging willow tree. As she approached, the passenger door behind the driver’s seat opened up, beckoning her. Her heart thudded in her chest. She couldn’t believe that Ryan was really into her.
	Meagan poked her head into the open invitation only to have Ryan grab her hand and pull her to the back seat where he kissed her without asking if he could. Stunned, Meagan pulled away.
	“What’s the matter?” Ryan’s sheepish grin drew her back into his arms. 
	“I. Well. I wasn’t expecting—” Meagan stammered softly.
	“What? Me to kiss you? What did you think I wanted?”
	“I just thought we would talk first.”
	“Talk is overrated after midnight.” Ryan pulled her into another rough kiss. This time she allowed him to smash her closer. He placed one hand on her shoulder, sliding his other hand under the hem of her sweatshirt.
	Meagan instinctively pushed his hand away. “Wait. Please.”
	“What now?” Ryan asked impatiently. “Don’t you want to be with me?”
	“What about Ellie?” She blurted out.
	“What about her?”
	“She’s your girlfriend. And you’re here with me. Like this.”
	“What she doesn’t know won’t hurt her.” Ryan smiled. “Now, come on. Did you sneak out to talk or let me show you how much I want this delicious body of yours?”
	She reasoned that Ryan was right. It was his girlfriend, not hers, and he was the one doing the cheating, not her. It excited her to know he thought her body was ‘delicious.’ Maybe he’ll love me if I show him I can love him more than Ellie. “I guess,” she said.
	“All right then.” Ryan pulled off his shirt. “Your turn.”
	Meagan’s hands shook as she pulled her sweatshirt and tank top over her head. She wrapped them up in front of her chest, reluctant to part with her modesty.
Ryan reached over, grabbed the wadded up clothes and tossed them to the floor boards. 	“That’s more like it.”
	Meagan closed her eyes as he assessed her. She wanted to feel loved more than anything. She believed letting Ryan have sex with her would make her feel loved. She grasped at the hope. If she could get Ryan to dump Ellie, then her status would get an instant boost. She thought that if he chose her it would prove her self-worth. Losing her virginity to Ryan meant everything. He wouldn’t have sex with me if he didn’t like me. She squeezed her eyes tightly willing the belief to life. Meagan opened her eyes and searched Ryan’s face for reassurance that she mattered. She balanced her self-worth by his mutual affection. He’ll love me sooner or later. He has to.
	Ryan undid his jeans and wriggled out of them. Meagan turned her head slightly, avoiding a full view of Ryan undressing. She’d never seen a boy so close up in his boxer shorts before. Heat spread swiftly across her shoulders and up her neck. Anticipation and fear of what came next, what she’d only seen in movies, stained her cheeks scarlet.
Ryan pulled out a small square wrapper. “See. I came prepared for you. I knew you’d want me all twisted up in you.”
	Meagan forced her lips into a smile. It’s happening. It’s really happening! She always pictured this moment taking place in a bed with pretty pastel flower sheets trimmed with lace and romantic kisses like The Notebook or The Lucky One. Nicholas Sparks made it look so lovely in her mind. This didn’t feel like the books at all.
	“Are you going to take your jeans off, or do I have to?” Ryan asked.
	Her trembling fingers fumbled trying to undo the button of her jeans. She laughed out of key. “I’m having a little trouble, I think.”
	Without a gentle word, Ryan reached with two steady hands to do the job, and then he pushed her back slightly, and pulled her jeans off in one swift motion. “Lay back.” She did. “Scoot down.” She did. The cool vinyl upholstery stuck to her bare back. She looked up at Ryan with wide eyes. She pushed the rising fear down into her belly, clinging to the hope that this thing they were doing would be a love potion powerful enough to make Ryan love her, powerful enough to wipe away her self-doubt, and powerful enough to make her feel worthy.
	Ryan held the small package between his thumb and index finger, and ripped the corner off with his teeth. He took the condom out with his free hand. Meagan closed her eyes again. She felt him wiggle and position himself between her legs. Without a kiss or word of love, he tore her virginity from her. When he was done, he asked, “That wasn’t your first time was it?”
	Meagan’s eyes sparkled with unshed tears she willed to evaporate. “No. Of course not.” Her cheeks flamed with the lie. 
	“Good. Virgins are too clingy. I don’t do clingy chicks.” He found his jeans crammed in the crack of the seat cushions and pulled them on and zipped them up. “You were great.”
	Meagan covered herself with her arms. Ryan tossed her tank top and underwear at her. She quickly put them on and reached for her sweatshirt. She wanted all her clothes back on as quickly as possible. Having sex with Ryan didn’t fill her instantaneously with the love she thought she’d feel. Instead, a familiar emptiness swelled where just moments before fear had taken over. She sat uncomfortably in the back seat of Ryan’s car feeling envious of Ellie. Ryan treated Ellie sweetly in public and Meagan wondered why he hid that sweetness from her after she’d given him her love.
	“Hey, I was wondering if you’d do me a solid?” Ryan asked.
	Meagan thought maybe he would ask her out on a real date. “Sure.” She smiled, wiping a lingering tear from the corner of her eye.
	“I want you to ask Dario to loan you twenty bucks.”
	“What? I mean why?”
	Ryan caressed her chin. “No questions, little dove.”
	His mouth curved with silent promises, so she agreed with a nod.
	I know if I keep having sex with him, he’ll love me. He has to. He’s totally worth it.
 
Chapter 12
Fiona sat at a partially shaded lunch table outside the cafeteria. A few grassy patches accented the meandering concrete walkways. There was so much cement that the pale yellow sun bounced off the starkness with blinding brightness radiating the Indian Summer heat into mirage waves like a desert. She didn’t understand why it was against school policy to wear shades when almost the entire grounds caused concrete-blindness.
	She picked at the way-past-wilted lettuce on her fake Subway sandwich. At least her diet Coke was chilled. She unscrewed the lid and let the bubbles fizz sweetly down her throat. She looked at her phone. Dario should’ve been here by now. Wonder what’s keeping him?
	A shadow fell across the table, and thinking it was Dario, Fiona looked up and smiled. Her smile faded as soon as she realized it was Ryan.
	“Hey, Ryan.”
	“Hello yourself, Fiona.”
	“What do you want?” Fiona’s annoyance rang clear. She struggled against guilt when she dealt with Ryan. Giving him a chance shouldn’t be so hard, but encounters with him always made her feel uneasy. 
	“That’s a hellish attitude.”
	“Sorry. It’s just hot out here. Hey, you don’t know where Dario is, do you?”
	“No idea. None.”
	“Oh.” Fiona started wrapping her mutilated sandwich with a napkin. “Well, I gotta go.”
	“Hold up, Fiona. What’s wrong?” Ryan put a hand on her arm. She jerked it from his grasp.
	“Leave me alone, Ryan. I’m not in the mood.”
	“Sounds like someone’s pissed.”
	Fiona stood up to leave. “I’m not mad. I just have to go.” 
	“Go where? It’s lunch. And you just admitted you don’t know where Dario is. 	What are you gonna do? Hunt him down?”
	Fiona closed her eyes, because that’s exactly what she was going to do. “No.”
	“Look, can you handle some truth?”
	Fiona wasn’t sure if she wanted any truth from Ryan. But, he did know Dario supposedly better than anyone. “Okay. What?”
	“You didn’t buy all that crap Dario was selling, did you?”
	The ground shifted subtly beneath her feet, so she sat back down. “What crap are you talking about?” Her head felt dizzy.
	“All that ‘I love poetry’ conversating you and he are doing.”
	“He does love poetry.”
	“Well, of course he loves it. It’s how he reels chicks in.”
	Fiona’s spine straightened. Her heart pinched beneath her ribs. “What girls? What are you talking about?”
	“Ever heard of backroom babes?”
	“No.”
	“They keep it all to themselves,” Ryan said. “Hey, wait a minute. You don’t really think he likes you, do you?” 
	Nausea swirled in her stomach. “I don’t know,” Fiona answered. 
	“Dario’s smooth as silk no doubt, right? It works every time. Poetry is his way of getting into your pants. That’s all.”
	Fiona managed a faint defense. “I don’t believe you.” 
	“Swear down. Smooth is his middle name.”
	“Dario’s not like that.” She tried to balance the way he knew O Captain! My Captain! by heart, the way he looked at her when he kissed her at the football game, the way he read the Shakespeare lines with her every time they studied. Suddenly, it occurred to her that Dario did know the lines too well, like he’d rehearsed them a thousand times.
	“And don’t think it means anything when he’s reading like a Romeo. He’s a Cassanova, babe. And you’re just a sweet-lock he’s hoping to get into the backroom. Look, he’s a guy. This virginal gig is a way to make girls feel like they’re special. It makes them feel loyal to him, so they don’t talk about it. So, he just keeps on looking, well, virginal. It’s genius actually.”
	Ryan’s revelation stunned the crap out of her. How could I be so wrong about him? How? I’m so stupid. Oh my god, I’m just like my mother. How did this happen? Why did I think someone like him would ever like me? Fiona’s eyes watered as she stood up, brushing passed her tormentor. “Later, Ryan.” Fiona walked off willing one foot in front of the other. Tears welled up against her will. Ryan’s verbal arrow had hit the bulls-eye right in the center of her heart.
***
Meagan stopped Dario as he was coming out of his Civics class by making a big scene going through her purse.
	Dario stopped in front of her. “What’s wrong, Meagan?”
	“Oh, nothing,” she said. “Crap! I can’t believe this!”
	“What’s wrong?” he asked again.
	“I lost my lunch money for the entire friggin’ week. Twenty dollars. Twenty dollars! My mom’s going to kill me D. Straight up kill me!”
	“If you dropped it, it’s probably gone by now.” Dario scouted the ground around Meagan.
	Meagan’s eyes sparkled with crocodile tears.
	“Ah, man. Don’t cry, Meagan. I can’t take it when girls cry.” Dario clenched his jaw and shook his head. Megan sniffed and stifled a small sob. “Drop the noise, Meg.” He dug into his back pocket for his wallet, thumbed through the dollar bills to his only twenty. “Here,” he said, holding the bill out for her to take.
	“No, I can’t.” She sniffed again, wiping her tears before her mascara smudged and her eyes got puffy. She wanted to look cute when she met up with Ryan after she pulled off this part of his Einstein plan.
	Dario smiled a little. “Just take it, okay? It’s fine.” Meagan reached for the money. 	“Don’t make me regret it,” Dario said.
	She hesitated because she had no idea why Ryan wanted her to borrow this money, so she said, “I won’t. I promise. I’ll pay you back as soon as I can.”
***
When Dario finally got to the table where he was supposed to meet Fiona, she wasn’t there. He looked around at the other tables, scanning the cafeteria crowd. Fiona was nowhere to be seen. He checked his phone. No messages. He texted her.
	Dario: where you at?
	Dario sat down and stared at the green message box waiting for the ding of Fiona’s reply. The bell rang instead. Damn. He walked to class wondering what happened.
***
Night signaled time to start homework, so Dario thumbed through his English anthology, until he came to Romeo and Juliet. He re-read the balcony scene marked by an orange sticky note from their last study session.
		What light through yonder window breaks?
		It is the East, and Juliet is the sun!
		Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon,
		Who is already sick and pale with grief
		That thou her maid art far more fair than she.
	Dario looked at his phone. He checked his Twitter. Still, Fiona remained silent. He wondered if he’d said or done something to upset her. He wracked his brain trying to make sense of her sudden silence in his life. He knew she was a little insecure about herself where they were concerned, but this silence stung like a right-hook to the chin. Before lunch, his world was perfect.
		It is my lady; O, it is my love!
		O that she knew she were.
	Dario picked up his phone to text her, then decided he would call instead. He scrolled through the contact list until he saw Fine Fiona. He was just about to hit the dial icon, when push-button panic froze his finger. What if she doesn’t want to talk to me? What if she doesn’t answer? Maybe I should text instead. I can’t believe this. I’m actually afraid to call her! Dario took a deep breath and touched the dial symbol next to her name. It rang and went straight to voice mail. He didn’t leave a message. He tossed the phone on the desk and lay down on his bed, staring up at the ceiling.
	A gentle knock sounded. “Honey, are you okay?”
	“Yeah, Mom. I’m fine.”
	His mother didn’t answer right away. “Dinner’s ready. Come on down, then.”
	“I’m not hungry.”
	She paused on her side of the door. “I’ll make a plate and put it in the microwave for you. In case you get hungry later.”
	“Okay,” he said.
	“You have to eat, Dario.”
	“I know, Mom. Just leave me alone, would you?” He waited for her reply, but heard her footsteps walking away instead. He didn’t feel like explaining any of this to anyone. He wasn’t even sure why he felt like he did, like his chest was cracked wide open.
***
“Sit still, boy,” Meagan commanded, as she leashed up the beast of a dog. “Mom! I’m taking Hunter on a walk!” She intended to meet Ryan at the community park about a quarter mile away. He texted her earlier to meet him there, and hinted that he had a surprise for her. Despite their rocky start in the backseat of his car, she felt certain she could win his love if she played her cards right. “C’mon Hunter. Let’s go.” The fat and hairy Chesapeake wagged his tail knocking over a stack of letters on the coffee table. “You’re too big for your own good.” She scratched his head and out the door they went.
	As they neared the park, Meagan saw Ryan’s silver blue Chevy Nova parked across the street. Her heart skipped a beat at the thought of him kissing her. She couldn’t tell anyone about what happened the other night. She kept all her feelings in a mental jar waiting for the day she could expose them to sunlight and fresh air. When she approached the car, Ryan opened the driver’s side passenger door. A shiver of anticipation ran down her spine. 
	She greeted Ryan in the open door. “Hey.”
	“Had no idea you were bringing a dog,” Ryan said flatly.
	“I had to have some reason for getting out of the house without my mom getting suspicious of where I was going.”
	“Good thinking.”
	“Thanks. I thought so, too.”
	“I guess my little surprise is out the window.”
	Meagan felt disappointment land in her stomach. “That’s okay.”
	Ryan pointed at Hunter. “I guess you can’t get in the back seat with that.” 
	She laughed nervously. “I guess not. Sorry.”
	“I was really hoping to race those curves again.”
	Meagan twirled the dog leash in her hand. She looked down at her feet. Hunter tugged slightly at the leash, and then sat down next to her.
	“Don’t worry about it Meagan. You can still do me a favor though, even if I can’t give you my surprise.”
	“Sure.”
	“I need you to get Dario’s lucky orange T-shirt from Fiona.”
	“His T-shirt? Why?”
	Ryan put his fingers to his lips. “Shhh.”
	“Right. No questions.”
	“That’a girl.”
	“How am I supposed to do that?”
	“Get yourself invited to a sleepover. Isn’t that what girls do?” Ryan asked. “Fiona’s probably going to need a little consoling.”
	“Why do you say that? Or is that question out of the question, too?”
	“Let’s just say she didn’t have the best lunch today.” Ryan sweetened the deal by grabbing her free hand and pulling her halfway into the car. He kissed her until her knees felt weak.
	Meagan’s heartbeat quickened. Kissing Ryan warmed her all over. She felt desirable. Wanted. As she melted into the sensations, she thought of Ellie and immediately stiffened. Meagan leaned away from Ryan.
	“Hey, babe what’s wrong?” he asked.
	“It’s just. Just. I don’t know.”
	“Meagan just tell me what’s bothering you. We were having a good time, and then you pulled away. I thought you wanted me to kiss you. But, hey if you don’t—”
	“No! That’s not it.” 
	“Then, what’s wrong? Why’d you stop kissing me?”
	“It’s Ellie. I mean, I feel bad sneaking behind her back.”
	Ryan nodded. “Thought we covered this. Look, I feel bad, too. But if I break up with her, I’ll hurt her feelings. And she’s been loyal to me for a long time.”
	Meagan flinched on the inside. Ryan’s reference to Ellie as loyal made her feel unworthy. As long as she was his backroom girl, he’d never truly respect her. I need him to respect me like he does Ellie. I need him to love me like he loves her. “Will you ever make me your girlfriend?”
	“I promise you won’t always be my side of fries.” He pulled her into another brief, hard kiss.
	His promise of love weakened any resolve she had of trying to stand up for herself. She desperately wanted Ryan to love her. “Okay, then.”

Chapter 13
Dario walked into English expecting Fiona to be there, but her desk was conspicuously vacant. He took his seat and waited. The class slowly trickled in and settled. The tardy bell rang. Still, no Fiona.
	Meagan leaned over and whispered, “I haven’t seen her all day.”
	“Has she texted you?” Dario asked.
	“No. But I haven’t texted her either.”
	“She’s more attached to her phone, than her Starbucks,” Dario said.
	Meagan slipped her phone out of her back pocket. “I’ll send her a message right now.”
	Meagan: Hey. Where are u?
	Within seconds a vibration signaled Fiona’s response.
	Fiona: ditching. Is Dario there?
	Meagan: yup.
	Fiona: oh.
	Meagan: you guys ok?
	Fiona: not really.
	Meagan: what’s up?
	Fiona: don’t want to talk about it.
	Meagan: kk. Can I do anything <3
	Fiona: wanna spend the night 2nite? Watch movies?
	Meagan couldn’t believe her luck.
	Meagan: sure.
	Meagan placed her phone face down on her desk.
	“Well?” Dario asked.
	“I don’t know what’s crashing her world, but I’ll find out,” Meagan responded. “Chill, D.”
	Dario straightened himself in his chair and faced forward. Mrs. Shandy’s voice droned on about something. He tried to focus, but at the moment, he didn’t give one shit about class. His mind hammered his growing insecurity. Why’s she avoiding me? He had no idea why this was happening. He put his head on the desk and closed his eyes. Nothing would be right until he talked to Fiona. Class couldn’t be over soon enough. English could skate rocks as far as he was concerned.
***
	“What movie do you want to watch?” Fiona asked, scrolling through her Netflix selections.
	“I don’t care. Nothing gory,” Meagan said.
	“And I don’t want to see anything romantic,” Fiona said.
	“I thought you liked all that Nicholas Sparks stuff?”
	“Yeah. Well. Not today,” Fiona answered.
	“Did you get in a fight with Dario or something?” Meagan began her surreptitious interrogation.
	“Or something.”
	“Huh.”
	“It wasn’t really a fight. More like I came to my senses.”
	“About what?”
	“How I was being ridiculous to think Dario was the real deal.”
	“Um, he is the real deal, or did you forget your brain somewhere?” Meagan looked under a pillow on the bed. “Hello?! Fiona’s brain? Where are you?”
	Fiona laughed, “Okay. I get it. Stop!”
	“Dario’s one of the good guys, Fee.”
	“That’s not what Ryan told me.”
	Meagan stiffened at the mention of Ryan’s name. “What did he tell you? Exactly.”
	“Nothing good, really?” Fiona said.
	“Are you sure? They’re best buds. I mean they have the most famous bromance on campus.” Meagan wondered what Ryan was up to. She found it hard to believe he would say anything bad about Dario.
	“Which is why I know Ryan’s telling the truth, right? He wouldn’t say anything about Dario if it weren’t true. I mean, wouldn’t Dario kick his ass or something?”
	“You planning on telling me what he said?”
	“That Dario uses poetry to get at girls.”
	Meagan laughed, “Of course he’s going to use poetry to his advantage. He’s been doing that since the fourth grade. But, babe, he’s never had a girlfriend that I know of.”
	“Ryan said Dario doesn’t really like me. He just wants to see how far he can get with me. But that doesn’t make complete sense.”
	“I’ll say.”
	“Do you remember the party after the Ren fair?”
	“Barely,” she said.
	“Well, I tried to get close to Dario. Real close. He didn’t want to.”
	“I told you, he’s never been with a girl that I know of,” Meagan said.
	“Ryan said his virginity’s all an act. And he keeps the girls under wraps somehow.”
	“Wait…what?” Meagan asked.
	“You heard me,” Fiona said.
	“That’s impossible. I mean, really. Impossible.”
	“So, Ryan’s lying?”
	“No way. He might be a lot of annoying things, but he’s not a liar,” Meagan said.
	“Maybe he just wants to steer me away from Dario?”
	“Why would he do that?”
	“I don’t know. Jealous maybe?”
	“That Dario has you? Because you’re so awesome and I’m not?”
	“What?” Fiona asked. Meagan’s harshness confused her. “Why are you so mad?”
	“Sorry. I’m just crabby. Almost that time of the month.”
	“That’s okay.”
	Meagan rolled her eyes. “Anyway, he’s totally into that pasty pop-tart, Ellie.”
	Fiona shook her head at her own inability to apply reason where boys were concerned. “Man, I suck at judging guys. Just like my mom.”
	“Maybe you just misunderstood Ryan. Maybe he just wanted to test you. See if you really liked Dario. You know. Cover his boy’s back and all that.”
	“You think?”
	“Sure. Why not? Girls aren’t the only ones who look after their friends.”
	Fiona felt a little better. “Maybe you’re right.”
	“Of course, I’m right!” Meagan laughed, breaking the serious thread of their conversation. “Hey, B.T.W., I was wondering if you could do me a favor?”
	“Sure, I guess.” Fiona said.
	“You guess?” Meagan asked.
	“You know what I meant.”
	“Yeah. Okay. Maybe it’ll be a good thing after listening to this depressing vent you’re on.”
	“What’s the favor?” Fiona asked. 
	Meagan pulled a twenty dollar bill from the back pocket of her jeans. “I need you to put this in Dario’s gym bag without letting him see you do it.”
	“Why and why?”
	“Just slip it in his bag would ya? Dario loaned me lunch money. I’m kind of embarrassed how he loaned it to me. I was all crying and everything.”
	“Sure. I guess I can do that.” She took the money from Meagan.
	“Look. Maybe it will be a way for you to talk to him, you know? Work it out.”
Fiona’s phone buzzed an incoming text. She had a feeling it was Dario before she even looked at her phone. 
	Dario: hey
	Fiona: hey back :)
	Dario: is everything OK?
	Fiona: :) sure
	Dario: so, see you at school tomorrow???
	Fiona: sure
	Dario: meet me at football hall
	Fiona: kk :)
	Fiona stared at her phone. Maybe Ryan’s wrong. Maybe. “Where’s football hall?” Fiona asked.
	“Why?”
	“Dario wants me to meet him there tomorrow morning.”
	“I’ll walk you over there. It’s by the ASB building.”
	“Thanks. Now, what movie shall we NetFlix?”
	Meagan laughed. “More like which one is most like the one we really want to watch?”
	“Funny. It’s got to be funny. I’ve had enough drama for one day.”
 
Chapter 14
Fiona scanned the benches looking for Dario. She spotted him chatting with a few guys near the locker room entrance off the hall. His eyes caught hers and he smiled. She felt relieved. He motioned her to come over. He paused his conversation, acknowledging her with a kiss on the cheek.
	“Hey,” he said.
	“Hey, yourself,” Fiona said back, blushing.
	Dario resumed his football conversation with some boy Fiona didn’t know.
	“We’ve got the better offense, no doubt,” Dario said.
	“Yeah, but dude, they won city champs three of five years running,” the other guy said.
	“They haven’t met us on the field. I’m telling you we’re gonna run all over them.”
	“We’ll see. My brother said—”
	“Your brother had his chance two years ago. That was then. This is now. Listen, clear that doubt from your head before you step on the field. Doubt is dangerous to the game,” Dario cautioned.
	Fiona stood by silent, feeling slightly awkward. She wondered if she should just excuse herself. Then, she remembered the twenty. Dario’s bag sat partially opened on the ground next to her feet. She took Meagan’s twenty out of her pocket, knelt down and quietly slipped it into Dario’s gym bag. As Dario’s conversation continued, she slowly stepped away and started walking back down the hall, hoping she’d find Meagan before class.
***
Across from Dario and Fiona, Ryan carefully eyed the scene and made his big play.
	“Look at that chick! Who does she think she is?” he said out loud to a half dozen guys on the team, who zeroed in on Fiona putting something in Dario’s bag. They all watched her walk away.
	“She’s got no respect,” Ryan said to the guys standing around him. They all looked dumbly at each other, shrugging and shaking their heads.
	“She’s Dario’s girl, man,” said one.
	“Ain’t no thing, Ryan. Why you trippin’ so hard over somethin’ la’dat?” said another.
	“You guys don’t get it, do you? She’s bad news. Mark my words.” Ryan defended his position. He brushed them off and walked over to Dario, casually leaning down to peek in the unzipped opening. He assessed the guys across from him, making sure no one was watching him as he took a small vile from his pocket. He let it slide from his hand into Dario’s bag and then stood up.
	He interrupted Dario’s rundown of local football. “Hey, D. Fiona put something in your bag, bro.”
	“What?” Dario’s attention shifted from football to Ryan. “Where’d she go?”
	“I said, I just saw Fiona put something in your bag and then she left.”
	“What was it?” Dario asked.
	“I don’t know. She walked over here in stealth mode. Opened your bag. I saw her put something in it. We all did.” He pointed to the group of guys standing across from them.
	Dario squatted down and unzipped his bag all the way, rummaging through the contents. He finally pulled out the twenty and the small vile.
	“Dude! That’s a spit load of steroids!” Ryan’s loud surprise drew the attention of everyone in earshot. “I didn’t think you were seriously thinking about it.”
	“Thinking about what?”
	“Using these.” Ryan took the small dark glass vile from Dario’s hand and shook it.
	“I never said anything like that.”
	“Yes, you did. When I asked you about USC, remember?” 
	Dario reached for the vile. “Give me that.” He took the bottle back.
	“Boys. What’s going on here?” Coach Green asked from behind them.
	Dario spun around. “What?” 
	“Nothing, Coach. Nothing,” Ryan replied.
	Coach Green eyed Ryan suspiciously. “Wherever you’re concerned Ryan, I know to suspect something.”
	“Really, it’s nothing Coach,” Dario said, trying to get Coach Green to drop the subject.
	“What’s in your hand, Dario? If it’s nothing.”
	Dario’s looked from Ryan to the coach. 
	“Well?” Coach Green insisted.
	Without a word, Dario handed the bottle to him.
	The coach turned it over in his hand, read the label, and shook his head in complete disbelief. “Where did this come from?” he asked.
	“I don’t know. Someone put it in my bag, because it’s not mine. I swear.”
	“Son, you’ll need to come with me to my office.” Coach Green started walking away, then turned and eyed Dario. “I expect you, now.”
	Dario shot a parting glance at Ryan who just stared in horror after them.
***
Once they reached his office, Coach Green shut the door. He motioned for Dario to sit down across from his desk. The coach picked up the phone receiver and pushed four buttons. Dario didn’t need to see the numbers to know the school’s resident police officer was being called. He wanted to bolt from the confined gray and orange space, but knew there was really nowhere to hide from this predicament. The coach spoke quietly into the receiver, “I need the Officer Manning and a cart please…thanks.” He hung up the phone.
	“Coach. That stuff isn’t mine.”
	“Dario, I’ve always held you in high regard. You know that, right?”
	“Sure. I guess.”
	“I have to follow protocol on this.” Coach Green coughed uncomfortably. “I don’t want to do this, but I have to. Understand? I can’t have anyone on my team using steroids.”
	“But, they aren’t mine.”
	“That’s not my call,” he said. “I hope they aren’t yours.” The coach looked up and met Dario’s brown eyes full of confusion and teary anger. “I really hope they’re not yours.”
	An uneasy silence settled as they waited. Dario couldn’t believe this was actually happening. He’d set his gym bag down for all of fifteen minutes. He couldn’t remember anyone coming near his bag, besides Fiona and then Ryan. Ryan had made such a big deal about Fiona. He couldn’t believe Fiona would do something like plant steroids on him. He reasoned that she barely knew anything about football. Strike that. She knew nothing about football, so how would she know anything about getting her hands on steroids. Why would Fiona do something like this? The question rolled around in his brain. It didn’t add up. Yet, here he was getting busted by the police for having steroids in his bag. He’d come close a few times to giving in to the nagging voice of insecurity that urged him to try steroids. Ryan had given voice to his deepest fear the other day in the gym, and he’d blown him off, because it was too close to the truth. And on an even deeper level, it wasn’t matching other collegiate athletes’ size and speed that he wrestled with the most. It was the unspoken terror he’d kept at bay, until Fiona showed up. She was the first girl he’d ever considered liking, and all he could think of now was, look where that got me.
	A firm knock broke the stillness. “Come in,” Coach Green said.
	The campus officer, in his navy blue uniform, filled the doorway. Dario didn’t look up, but stared at the floor. He saw the polished black boots. He felt, more than saw, the coach hand the steroid vile to the school’s police officer.
	The officer asked Coach Green, “Where did you find this?”
	“Ryan was making a big commotion in the hall. I walked over to see what the chatter was. I saw Dario holding this in his hand.”
	“I see.” Dario heard the baritone of disapproval in the officer’s voice. He turned to face Dario. “You’ll have to come with me. Will that be a problem?”
	Dario thought he could explain what happened, and maybe everything would be okay. He knew he was innocent. “No, sir. It won’t.”
	“Let’s go then.”
	Dario stood up. His stomach lurched. His future flashed before his eyes. Even though he knew he was innocent, he knew the possibility of anyone believing him was slim at this juncture. When the coach’s office door shut behind him, it closed with a heavy thud and he thought of the fortune-teller. This is the betrayal. It can’t be Fiona. Please, don’t let it be her.
	The officer drove the cart across the quad area to the Discipline Office. A few kids waved at Dario as the cart drove by, but his mood was dark and clouded. He kept his eyes forward, refusing to acknowledge anyone. When they reached the end of the short ride, Dario got out of the cart. Fear and nerves continued the war in his gut. The officer pushed the heavy metal doors open. He entered the waiting-for-discipline area, and immediately noticed Ryan sitting in a chair along the back wall. Ryan looked up at Dario. 	The officer prompted Dario to sit in a row opposite his friend.
	“Why are you here?” Dario asked Ryan point blank.
	“I don’t know. They just picked me up in a cart.”
	“Who would do this to me? You know those ‘roids aren’t mine,” Dario whispered.
	“No idea. You’re the star, right? Everyone loves you.” 
	Dario hung his head, shaking it slowly back and forth.
	“I mean it, bro. Everyone likes you.” 
	“Not everyone, apparently,” Dario said.
	“Don’t get so down, D. Man, I’ve never seen you look so depressed.”
	“I just can’t think of anyone who’d want to do this to me.” Dario looked at his friend, searching for reassurance. “You believe me, don’t you? That I’m not using.”
	“Sure, D. I believe you,” Ryan said. “The only person near your bag was Fiona. But you said you guys were cool, right? I mean she wasn’t mad at you, or anything, right?”
	Dario just kept shaking his head. “I thought so.” The fortune-teller’s words echoed through his mind again. He didn’t want to believe there was any truth in what she said. But this entire situation could only be the result of betrayal. A betrayal by someone who knew him, by someone who wanted to see him squirm. What made no sense was why Fiona would want that.
	“Wait…what? You were fighting?” Ryan asked.
	“I don’t know. Just a feeling. She stood me up yesterday at lunch. Ignored all my texts.”
	“So, she was mad at you?”
	“I guess. I don’t know. Why?”
	“Girls don’t need a reason, bro. I think girls wake up mad,” Ryan said. “How far do you think you can trust Fiona?”
	“Dario, could you step into the office, please.” The Vice Principal of Discipline was a small framed man with a high pitched almost feminine voice. When he spoke, he jarred the nerves of everyone in the waiting area. Students rolled their eyes, laughed, or continued to stare stonily at the floor, when Dario made the short walk into the interrogation office.
	Officer Manning’s office was sparsely furnished and decorated. An anti-smoking poster hung on a side wall along with a few family photos. A small display of deep-sea fishing pictures of Manning and a group of other men, who Dario guessed were other officers, lined the top of a low book case. A K-9 photo hung directly behind his desk chair. Dario hadn’t guessed that about the stern looking cop behind the desk.
	Officer Manning indicated to the chair directly in front of his desk. “Sit, please.” 	The Vice Principal took a chair off to the side. Dario sat. “So, you’re Dario? Right?”
	“You already know who I am.”
	“No call for attitude, Son.”
	“I’m not your son.”
	“Fair enough. Your last name, please?”
	“Martinez.”
	The officer spoke, as he wrote on a yellow legal pad, “D-a-r-i-o…Martinez.”
	Dario stared at his folded hands in his lap. He still couldn’t believe this was happening.
	“I understand you were in possession of a controlled substance,” Officer Manning said casually.
	Dario sat mute. He continued looking at his hands. He shook his head.
	“Is that a yes or a no?”
	“Do I have to answer your questions?”
	“Son, this is a serious matter. And if you tell me the truth, it will go easier on you in the long run.”
	Dario contemplated that. He wanted to shout his innocence to the officer, but something told him the officer was more interested in finding evidence against him, than trying to find him innocent.
	“I want my dad.”
	“Fine. We’ll get him. Mr. Bachman, do you have Dario’s father’s contact information?”
	“Yes, I can get it from his file.” The Vice Principal opened a file on his laptop and said, “778—”
	“Fine. Just call them.” 
	Mr. Bachman dialed out on the office phone on the officer’s desk. Dario heard the phone ringing through the receiver, then his father’s muffled voice talking to the Vice Principal.
	“Mr. Martinez? This is Mr. Bachman…We need you to come down to the school because there’s been an incident. No, Dario’s not injured.” He paused. “We’ve got him in my office with the campus officer…I can’t tell you that over the phone…We need to question him. Fine. That’s right. The north parking lot. Yes. Yes. Thank you.” He turned to face Dario, whose gaze remained fixed at his hands. “Your father will be here shortly. And your mother.”
	Dario finally looked up. “What? Why?”
	“Your father felt like she’d want to be here.”
	Dario lowered his eyes again. He didn’t want both of his parents here. One at a time felt like all he could handle. He forced his eyes to count the lines around each square floor tile.
	Officer Manning broke the silence first. “You keeping up with the Giants?”
	“Nope. Dodgers. Hear about Maldonado’s no-hitter last night?”
	“Yup. They pay him enough. What’s his salary? Seventeen mil?”
	“He makes the big bucks because his arm is golden. Hey, what’s the big deal with that anyway? What about Schultz? Giants pay him over twenty.”
	Dario’s phone dinged a text in his pocket. The two men turned to look at him, as it dinged away with a flurry of texts like a casino slot machine. He wanted to check his phone, but ignored it completely. Dammit! Probably Fiona. Maybe Ryan. Ah, man. I was supposed to meet Fiona after English. Maybe Ryan told her what’s going on. Then, he remembered that Ryan was in the waiting area. A knock at the door rattled Dario from his thoughts. The door cracked open and the secretary poked her head into the room.
	“Mr. and Mrs. Martinez are here.”
	“Send them in,” Mr. Bachman said.
	Mr. Bachman stood up, when Dario’s parents entered. “Thank you for coming. Appreciate it.” He extended his hand to Dario’s father and mother. The pleasantries were obviously stiff and uncomfortable to everyone in the cramped room. “Please, sit here.” The Vice Principal gestured to two uncomfortable looking chairs.
	“You okay, Dario?” his mother asked.
	He lifted his head to look his mom. His eyes watered, when he saw the worry in her eyes.
	“Oh, honey. It’s going to be okay.”
	“Mr. and Mrs. Martinez, I’m Officer Manning. And we called you here because your son was in possession of a schedule three controlled substance.”
	“What does that mean?” Dario’s father asked.
	“By the label, anabolic steroids.”
	“That’s impossible!” The vehemence in his father’s voice revealed his immediate belief in his son’s innocence.
	“The lab will have to test it to make sure it is, in fact, steroids and not something else,” the officer informed Dario’s parents.
	“Something else?” Dario’s mom asked. “What do you mean?”
	“Ma’am I need to make certain that what was in your son’s possession is in fact steroids, and not some other drug.”
	“Or nothing at all,” Dario’s dad said.
	“Mr. Martinez, may I ask you a question?”
	“Yes. Certainly.”
	“Do you have a prescription for anabolic steroids?”
	“No. Of course not.”
	“Okay. Thank you. Mr. and Mrs. Martinez. Dario. I’m going to digitally record our conversation, so I can go back over it in case it’s necessary later.” He placed a small metal recorder on top of the desk.
	Dario watched as the officer slid the side switch to the “on” position. “I’m going to read you your Miranda rights.” Dario’s heart pounded. He realized, now, he was being officially interrogated by the police. He swallowed hard. His throat tightened. He took a deep breath.
	“You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. You have the right to speak to an attorney, and to have an attorney present during any questioning. If you cannot afford a attorney, one will be provided for you. Do you understand your rights?”
	“Yes,” Dario said.
	“If you talk to me now, your cooperation will be appreciated and the court will look favorably on your willingness to tell the truth. Do you understand?
	“Yes.”
	“Okay, then. Do you use anabolic steroids?”
	“No.”
	“Coach Green saw you holding the vile of steroids. Where did you get it from?”
	“It’s not mine.”
	“Answer the question, please.”
	“I guess it was in my sports bag,” Dario answered.
	“You guess it was in your sports bag? You don’t know what’s in your sports bag?” the officer asked.
	“Yes. I know what’s in my sports bag.”
	“So, you knew the steroids were in your bag?”
	“I didn’t know they were there.”
	“But, they were there. In your sports bag.” The officer pressed Dario for the truth.
	“I know what’s in my bag. I just didn’t know that was in there.”
	“Okay. So, they were in your bag.”
	Heat rushed up Dario’s neck. “You’re pissing me off.”
	“Why?” The officer’s calm, even voice grated Dario’s nerves.
	“Because you’re twisting what I’m saying trying to make me look guilty.”
	“I’m not trying to make you look anything at all. I’m just trying to get to the truth.”
	A bird hopping along the low ledge of the office window outside caught Dario’s eye. He watched it for a few seconds. He clenched his jaw. “Whatever,” Dario spoke in a tight-lipped whisper.
	The officer continued questioning undeterred. “Where did you get the steroids?”
	“I already told you they aren’t mine.” The indignation rose again, this time all the way to his cheeks. 
	“If they aren’t yours, then why were they in your bag?”
	“I don’t know. Someone put them in there.”
	“Was there more than one vile?”
	“I meant that one. There was just one.”
	“Are you sure?”
	“Yes.”
	“Okay. So you knew there was one vile of steroids in your sports bag, not more than one.”
	“I told you I didn’t know it was in there.”
	“But you just said you were certain there was only one in your bag. How can you be certain there was only one and not know what was in your bag?”
	“I don’t know.” Dario knew everything was going all wrong. His stomach knotted up again. His shoulders slumped slightly. He looked out the window again. 
	“Where did you get the steroids, Dario?”
	“I didn’t get them any where. I didn’t know they were in my sports bag. Ryan saw me pull them out—” he stopped himself from saying “after he’d seen Fiona messing with my bag.”
	“So, Ryan saw the vile in your bag?”
	“Yes.”
	“What did he do?”
	“He asked me if I was taking them?”
	“What did you tell him?”
	“I told him I wasn’t.”
	“Then what happened?”
	“He took the bottle from me to look at it. I took the bottle back from him to put it back in my sports bag and then Coach came up behind me.”
	“You were going to put the steroids back in your bag? Were you planning on keeping the bottle?”
	“No. I was going to—” He realized he didn’t know what he was going to do then.
	“You were going to do what?”
	“I don’t know.”
	“Were you planning on selling it to someone else?”
	“No.”
	“So you were going to keep it?”
	“No way.”
	“Let me see if I’ve got this straight. You got the bottle out of your bag and gave it to Ryan. Then, you took it back from him to put it back in your bag. That doesn’t sound like you were trying to turn it in.”
	Dario’s father interrupted, “Officer Manning. I think it’s clear my son didn’t know anything illegal was in his bag.”
	“I’m sorry, Mr. Martinez. What’s clear to me is that your son was in possession of a schedule three narcotic. With two witnesses. And that’s a criminal offense in the state of California. Dario, I’m going to have to arrest you for being in possession of a controlled substance.”
	Dario’s mother began crying. His father put a comforting arm around her shoulder, but that didn’t stop the tears.
	It killed Dario to see his mother crying like that. “Mom, don’t cry. I’m gonna be fine. I promise.” His mother exhaled a pitiful sigh.
	The officer stood and walked around his desk to stand in front of Dario. “Please, stand up.”
	Dario stood up slowly. His legs trembled slightly. Holy crap this is really happening! Reality swallowed his faint hope that this misunderstanding would reach a rational conclusion; that someone, his coach, the principal, anyone with real authority at school would walk in and vouch for him ending this train wreck. He knew now that that wasn’t going to happen. The fortune-teller’s words rang loudly in his ears…someone close to you is betraying you…imprisonment…
	“Dario Martinez. You are under arrest for the possession of an illegal substance banned by the state of California.” Officer Manning pulled the shiny silver cuffs from his utility belt and turned Dario around, pulling first his right arm back, clamping the cuff tightly around his wrist, then the left arm and wrist. “Let’s go.”
	Dario shot a look of disbelief at his parents, who had stood up in the midst of their own confusion and disbelief.
	Mr. Bachman rushed to open the door. Officer Manning escorted Dario out to the waiting-for-execution area. Dario felt the hot eyes of each student on him. He looked for Ryan. Their eyes locked. Ryan mouthed, “What the?”
	A flash of linoleum, then concrete, then asphalt and Dario was at the side of the police cruiser. The door was opened for him. He felt a hand behind his head, as he was gently shoved into the back seat. He’d never been in a police car before. The officer strapped him into the hard plastic back seat with the safety belt. His recent touchdown flickered like a dream running low on electricity. Kissing Fiona flashed. The scholarship letter flashed. Fiona’s smiled flashed. His dreams faded to nothing with each passing jolt in the road. It’s all ruined.

Chapter 15
Ryan walked in to Coach Green’s office. Hs hands jammed into his pockets. He wasn’t sure what the coach wanted. “You wanted to see me coach?” 
	“Yeah. Sit down, Ryan.”
	Ryan sat. He waited.
	Coach Green cleared his throat, and then looked him hard and straight in the eye. 	“I don’t know what funny business you might be involved in regarding Dario.”
	“I don’t know what you mean, Coach.”
	“Ryan. Whenever you start—Never mind. It doesn’t matter,” he said. “I can’t believe I’m going to do this.”
	“Do what?” Ryan asked.
	“I need you to step into the starting QB spot.”
	Ryan looked surprised. “Me? Isn’t Dario coming back? I mean we know he’s innocent. He’d never do anything like that. Risk not playing in the big game in two weeks.”
	“He may have lost more than that.”
	“More than the Liberty Bell game?”
	“I had to call USC this morning,” Coach Green said. “But, that’s another matter entirely. Right now, I need you to find your QB mindset and help me win that damned Liberty Bell back. Maybe we’ll get a championship ring by the time this mess gets sorted out.” 
	“Sure, Coach. I won’t let you down. I promise.” Brilliant! You’re a freaking genius, Ryan! Dario out. Ryan right where he belongs. 
	“Good. Now get going. See you at practice.”
	“Sure, Coach.”
	Ryan walked out of the office grinning ear to ear. He pulled out his phone to text Meagan.
	Ryan: where you at?
	Meagan: by the library
	Ryan: can I see you tonight?
	Meagan: sure :)
	Ryan: you’re the best babe :)
	Meagan: um. Where?
	Ryan: usual. Park by your house. Don’t bring the dog.
	Meagan: :( aw
	Ryan: wanna race your curves without an audience
	Meagan: lol. Kk.
***
The silvery glow of the street lamp spotlighted Ryan’s car. Meagan walked faster as soon as she saw it. She didn’t want to make him mad by keeping him waiting. Being with Ryan was like a play unfolding on her private stage. The back passenger door opened as if by magic, beckoning her to enter. She slid into the back seat and into Ryan’s arms. He slowly wrapped around her, kissing her until she couldn’t breathe. She pushed against his chest slightly, tilting her head back from his hungry mouth.
	“What’s wrong, Meg?”
	“Nothing. I just can’t breathe.” She lied.
	“Don’t you want it?”
	She looked up into his eyes. She saw fire and ice. “Yes, I want to.”
	He brought a hand up to smooth her long bangs from her face. “You’re so cute when your hair’s a mess.”
	“It’s just that—” Meagan put her head down, again.
	Ryan’s hand stopped its gentle touch, and he turned her chin up ever so slightly rough with his fingers. “Just what? I thought you said everything was fine.”
	“I did. It is. It’s just,” she paused, before blurting out the one word that made her feel like the lowest pond scum, “Ellie.”
	“You’re joking, right?” Ryan didn’t bother hiding the irritation in his voice. 
	The harsh tone of his question squelched Meagan’s response.
	“Who am I here with? Ellie or you? If I wanted to be with her, I’d be with her right now. But I’m with you. What more do you want from me? It’s only been a few weeks. I’ve known Ellie for years.”
	“I don’t know,” Meagan whispered.
	“I do. You want me to just dump Ellie and pick up with you. Right in front of every body. Do you really want to be with me, or just be seen with me to show Ellie up? She’s more popular than you, but I didn’t care. I thought you were cute. I wanted to be with you. I thought you understood being in the backroom meant staying in the backroom, until I could claim you on the legit side.”
	“I know. I just don’t want to feel bad every time I see Ellie.” Meagan’s heart thundered at his use of the past tense.
	“How you feel? How about how I feel? You have nothing to lose. I’m the one with the rep to keep. I’m the one with a girlfriend who’ll bash me across Twitter. Across campus. Her mom and my mom are best friends.”
	“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize it was so complicated for you. Really. I’m sorry.” Meagan forced her best happy smile. Ryan just shook his head. “I won’t push again. I know you want to be with me. You wouldn’t be here right now if you didn’t. I get it.”
	“Do you? Coach just told me I have to step into the quarterback spot for the rest of the season.”
	“That’s amazing Ryan!” Meagan kissed him on the cheek.
	“I can’t have any distractions. Unless, it’s these curves,” he said, planting hot kisses on Meagan’s neck.
	Meagan let him kiss her and touch her. She lay back letting him drive the course he wanted. Meagan tilted her head tilted back and looked out the rear window to the stars above. They twinkled like specks of glitter. She closed her eyes, sending her wish for love into the heavens. She believed Ryan would come around to loving her. It’s all I want. She convinced herself she could wait for him to break it off with Ellie. She opened her eyes, watching Ryan’s bare shoulder as he took her love from her.
	When Ryan finished with her, he sat up and pulled his jeans back on. Meagan watched him dressing, curious and admiring. 
	“Hey, you better get dressed before someone walks by or something.” He ran his fingers through his messy blond hair.
	“Sorry, I was just enjoying the view,” she said. She pulled her T-shirt down and her jeans up.
	Ryan leaned over her, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear. “I need a favor.”
	Meagan finished adjusting her jeans. “Okay.” 
	“I need you to get Dario’s lucky T-shirt from Fiona.”
	“The Thirty Seconds to Mars one?”
	“Yup. That’s the one.”
	“Why?”
	“No questions. Remember, little dove?”
	Meagan frowned.
	“I need it for my own luck. Just keep it on the DL.”
	“Why don’t you just ask Fiona? Tell her why. I’m sure she’d let you borrow it.”
	“She hates me.”
	“No, she doesn’t.”
	“Look. I don’t want to involve Fiona at all. Can you do it, or not?”
	“Yes. I can do it.” Meagan wanted to please Ryan in every way possible, so she agreed.
	“That’s my backroom babe.” Ryan pulled her into a kiss, then abruptly let her go. 	“I’ve gotta get home sweetness. It’s time for you to get going. Oh, hey, one more thing.”
	“What?”
	Ryan reached into the front seat and grabbed his practice jersey. “Give this to Ellie at Friday night’s game. Not before.”
	“Okay. Anything else, sir?” she smiled.
	“Nope.” As Meagan got out of the car and shut the door, Ryan tossed her an enticing crumb. “If you get that T-shirt and I win the next two games, I’ll break up with Ellie.”
	Meagan smiled. “Really?”
	“Truth.”
	“All right then. Consider it done.” Meagan turned and walked home. For effect, she made sure she didn’t turn around and look back at him pulling away. Just in case he was watching, she wanted to look strong and confident.
***
Dario lay on his bunk in juvenile hall. The florescent bulb just outside his door flickered through the small door window. The room was bare and drab. The stiff white sheets scratched against his face and the dark gray blankets itched. He never imagined he’d ever be in this miserable place. Who’d set me up like this? Ryan seemed pretty certain it was Fiona. Dario couldn’t wrap his brain around that, but he couldn’t get it out of his mind either.
	Maybe it was because of where he was that he allowed himself to think about the night his entire life was hurtled from a cliff into oblivion. He’d been young, three years old, so no one expected him to have any memory at all of the horrific events of that fatal night. But, he did remember certain things. He remembered his mother, his real mother, who smelled clean like soap, when he snuggled in the crook of her arm while she read him his favorite book, Where the Wild Things Are. He remembered the colorful fish mobile hanging from the ceiling, how it turned and twisted with each shiny fish reflecting the bedside lamplight. He remembered his Superman blanket. He remembered the sound of her voice, low and soft, when she read. He remembered how much he loved her. It was his last and most vivid memory of her. Her last moments on Earth were his most precious and sacred images. He always made himself stop the scene from unfolding into the blackness it became, but now, he found he couldn’t stop the memory from unfolding. 
	The book was almost finished, and he’d looked up into his mother’s face watching her lips curl and curve with each word. A loud crash jolted his mother and broke the spell she cast with her reading. He heard a man yelling. His mother shoved him off her and covered him with the Superman blanket just as the bedroom door burst open. He peeked over the edge of the blanket and saw his father’s face twisted up and red; his mouth a gapping hole releasing a noise he didn’t recognize as belonging to his father. His real father. The murderer. His bed bounced hard. His mother screamed. Noises he’d never heard before forced him to close his eyes tight against them. He curled up as small as he could make himself. When the room quieted, he dared to peek over the edge of his blanket. He saw his mother, his lovely mother who smelled like clean soap, who read so sweetly to him, who filled his little heart with love…laying on the floor covered in red. Red soaked her body, the carpet, and the wall. He’d been too terrified to move, so he cried. He cried and cried, until a police officer took him away. 
	When he got older, he’d asked what happened to his father. His new parents told him that one night his father got drunk. That his mother had a restraining order against him, but in the end, it hadn’t mattered. They told him his father was an abusive alcoholic. It was some sort of twisted crime of passion. Knowing that his father was an alcoholic and a chronic abuser of his mother weighed too heavily on his shoulders for him to fully disclose the truth to anyone, even himself most of the time. The shame of his father’s actions stained him to the core. He always believed it would be his blood ties to the murderer that would one day drive him to darkness, to jail, but not like this.
	What if? The thought tortured him in the dark. A hot tear escaped the corner of his eye. The hall lights flashed once, then twice, signaling lights out. Dario closed his eyes and drifted off to an unsettled slumber.

Chapter 16
Fiona’s mother found a parking stall and pulled in slowly, but didn’t cut the engine. Juvenile Hall sprawled out over several acres. The buildings sat like giant square blocks stacked one on top of the other. Gray concrete walls punched with occasional windows, gray concrete walkways and a tall chain link fence topped with coiled razor wire made for an imposing and depressing display of architecture. No greenery anywhere. No trees. No grass. 
	“Are you sure you want to do this?” Fiona’s mom pulled her sunglasses down to look her daughter in the eye. The air conditioner vent gently blew her mom’s hair in front of her face.
	“I’m sure.”
	“Honey, it looks depressing. I wouldn’t blame you if you changed your mind.”
	“That’s exactly why I have to go.”
	“Okay, then.” Fiona’s mom turned the car off. “Let’s go.”
	“Don’t embarrass me, Mom.”
	“Please. In this place? How on earth could I do that?”
	“Mom! I mean it.”
	“Fiona Lavender. We’re at a prison.”
	“Juvie, Mom. It’s juvie. Not prison.”
	Fiona’s mom surveyed the sea of gray, flipped her shades up and said, “I don’t see the difference.” She opened her car door and got out, leaving Fiona sitting in her seat. “Let’s go, please. It’s hot out here.”
	Fiona took a deep breath, unbuckled her seat belt and got out of the car. She shielded her eyes from the sun, squinting against the stark brightness. They walked side by side through the front gate and up to the front doors. She eyed their approaching reflection in the dark tinted glass. She hated to admit she looked like her mother, but when they stood side by side there was no doubt.
	Fiona’s mom hit the round metal buzzer labeled BUZZ TO ENTER. “Here we go. A brand new adventure. Never been in a prison before.” The door opened and a swoosh of cold air blew passed them. They walked in and were immediately greeted by a heavy-set male guard.
	“Names, please,” he said. He barely looked up. He clearly had a routine and they were passing through it step by step.
	“Kalliope and Fiona Lavender,” Fiona’s mother said.
	The guard scanned down the list on his clipboard. He checked off a box on a paper. “You’re here to visit Martinez, Dario?”
	“Yes,” Fiona replied.
	The guard slid the pencil through the silver latch of the clipboard. “You’ll need to stand on this line.” He indicated to a red line painted on the gray linoleum floor. “And please place your purse on the table,” he said to Fiona’s mom.
	“Guess I’ll be going first,” her mom said. She plopped her backpack sized purse on the table and stood on the red line. “Ready when you are, officer.”
	She winked at Fiona, who rolled her eyes, “Mom. You promised.” She shook her head silently pleading with her mother to stop trying to be funny.
	“Promised what? Not to embarrass you?”
	“Extend your arms, please,” the guard said. Fiona’s mom extended them straight out in front of her.
	“Ma’am I meant out from the side.” The guard’s thin lipped stoicism cracked into an almost smile.
	“Oh. I apologize. I thought you meant—never mind.” She swung her arms out from the side in a little bird flap. As the guard slid his hands along her sides, Fiona’s mom wiggled. “Tickles.”
	Fiona swore she saw the hardened face of the guard soften with a smile. It made Fiona crazy that everyone found her mother amusing and endearing. 
	The guard finished patting her mom down the sides. “Ma’am spread your legs shoulder width.”
	“Excuse me?” Fiona’s mom let her arms drop to her sides with an audible flap. “Is that really necessary? I mean, really?”
	This time his smile was obvious. “From head to toe ma’am.” 
	Fiona’s mom turned to her daughter. “And you think I’m the one embarrassing you,” she said, as the guard moved to her legs. With one hand on each side of her right thigh, he swept down her leg, repeating the process on the left. “If I didn’t know better officer, I’d think you were quite enjoying this.”
	“Just doing my job. Next?” Fiona caught the barely noticeable wink he gave her mother.
	Fiona stepped up to the line and extended her arms out. It felt weird being frisked for contraband by a man who just flirted with her mother.
	“Thank you, ma’am,” the guard said to Fiona.
	“Ma’am?” she sputtered. “Geez.”
	“The visiting area is down the west hall.” The guard pointed to the hall. “You’ll see the check-in window on your right.”
	“Thank you, Officer?” Fiona’s mom asked. She tried to read his badge, which he tilted toward her so she could see it better. “Officer Williams,” she said. Fiona swore her mom batted her eyes at him.
	“You’re welcome,” he said, definitely smiling brightly at her mother.
	Fiona shook her head and rolled her eyes.
	The west hallway was a dirty cream painted cinder block tunnel. Shiny forest green paint, layered thickly with years of repainting, covered each door and all the trim work. Nothing cheery here, Fiona thought. She worried that Dario must be feeling lost in this dismal place that reeked of cheap pine-sol and dirty mop.
	They stopped at the check-in station. A female guard behind the glass unlatched the sliding window. “You’re here for Martinez?”
	“Yes. Well, she is. I’m her mother.”
	“You’re not visiting together?” the guard asked.
	“I’m here with her. She’s the one visiting Dario.”
	“I see.”
	“Is that a problem?” Fiona’s mom asked.
	“You’ll have to be in the room. Minors are not allowed to visit minors without parents present.”
	“You’ve got to be kidding me?!” Fiona blurted out.
	“No. I’m not. Look, young lady. If you’d like to visit with Martinez, you’ll need to have your mom present. Or no visit. Do you understand?”
	“I guess.” Fiona shook her head and started to roll her eyes, but—”
	“And wipe the attitude from your face. Visiting is a privilege not a right in here,” the guard scolded.
	“Sorry,” Fiona mumbled at the floor. She wanted to tell the woman to skate rocks and die. Man, this place is awful. She wondered how any decent person could survive in here.
	“Wait for the buzz. Open the door. Martinez is already in the visiting room,” she said. The guard leveled a direct and hard gaze at Fiona. “You’re not allowed to make any physical contact. If you do, the visitation will be immediately terminated. Do you understand, young lady?”
	Fiona nodded. It was clear who was in control inside this world. All she wanted was to see Dario and make sure he was okay.
	The buzz echoed loudly down the cavernous hall. Fiona’s stomach lurched with nervous butterflies. Her mom walked through the door first. Fiona followed behind her. She saw Dario immediately sitting at a round concrete table. He had was wearing long baggy khaki pants and an over-sized white T-shirt. A far cry from his usual style of relaxed jeans and fitted T-shirts. He looked up, giving her a faint smile. Not the brilliant flash he’d given her when they first met. Suddenly, she regretted coming. Doubts crept into her mind. What if he doesn’t want me here? What if…what if…what if…the question was killing her.
	“Fee, I’m going to be right over there. Have a nice visit.” Fiona’s mom took a seat in a well-worn green and blue striped chair. With no smart phone, she settled into the sidelines, pretending to flip through an old parenting magazine. 
***
Fiona made her way to the table where Dario sat. “Hey, there,” she said.
	“Hey,” he replied.
	“It’s good to see you,” she said.
	“Yeah. You, too,” he replied.
	“Are you doing all right?”
	“For being in here? Sure.” Dario’s jaw tightened. “So, why’d you come, Fiona?”
	“I wanted to see how you were doing for myself,” Fiona said. She pulled her hands close together in her lap. “And I wanted you to know that I know you’d never do what they’re accusing you of. I know you’re innocent.”
	“You know I’m innocent.” It was a statement, not a question. Dario had run this conversation through his mind countless times in the last twenty-four hours. He wasn’t sure which way it would go, but he was hell bent on pulling the truth out of somebody. “I have to ask you a question, Fiona. And I need you to be completely honest with me. I’ve been wracking my brain trying to figure out this whole mess.”
	“Sure. Ask me anything.”
	Dario blurted out the question twisting up his mind. “Why were you mad at me?”	“What?”
	“The other day. You stood me up at lunch. Then, you didn’t answer my texts.”
	Fiona folded her arms on the table and looked Dario straight in the eye. “Look, I wasn’t mad at you. Just confused.”
	“Confused about what?”
	“What Ryan said.”
	“What did Ryan say to you?”
	“It’s nothing. Really. I wasn’t mad.”
	“I need you to tell me what he said.”
	Fiona hesitated. “He said a lot of things. Not all of them nice. And I’m guessing—hoping—they aren’t true.”
	“Just spill it Fiona,” Dario insisted. His impatience obvious with every word.
	“Well, for starters he said you didn’t really like me. That you’re secretly a player.”
	Dario’s eyebrows practically flew off his forehead in disbelief. “What?!”
	“He said you use poetry to lure girls into sleeping with you in the backroom.”
	“The backroom?! Are you sure he said that?” Dario asked. He knew Ryan would never say anything like that about him. It was a lie. Ryan was closer to him than anyone and Ryan knew he was a virgin. They’d argued about it often enough.
	“Certain,” Fiona said.
	Dario thought about all the times Ryan had tried to caution him about Fiona. He began to consider the reality that maybe she was nothing more than a screwed up girl wanting more attention than he could give. “Is that why you did it?” he asked.
	Fiona’s back stiffened. She leaned away from the table and Dario. “Did what?”
	“Put that junk in my sports bag.”
	“Wait. You think I set you up?”
	“You were the only one in my bag.”
	“I put a twenty in there from Meagan. She said she owed you. She was embarrassed to give it to you, because she cried or something.”
	“You were in my bag, I know for a fact that my bag was clean when I left for school. I packed it myself. No one was near my bag except you.”
	“I didn’t do it. I wouldn’t do that to you. Especially after everything you’ve told me.”
	“The way I see it is you got mad at me for whatever bull Ryan told you, or you think he told you—if he even said it at all. You know what I really think? Your stupid insecurities kicked in because your dad was never around. So, you’re taking it out on me because you thought maybe I didn’t like you enough. I don’t know, maybe because I wouldn’t go all the way with you at Boulder Meadow. I had my reasons. You know. I told you. But, you pushed me any way. Now, I’m paying for it.”
	Fiona froze as he rattled off all the things he thought were wrong with her. 
	“I’ve known Ryan almost my entire life. He’s never lied to me. But you. I’ve only known you for what? A few weeks?”
	“That makes me the liar?”
	“Hey, if the shoe fits.”
	Fiona stood up. “I don’t have to take this from you.”
	“You don’t have to take what from me? The truth? You know what sucks?” he asked. Dario took a deep breath to steady the flood of grief and anger threatening to rob his voice. He exhaled his answer, “I really liked you. I thought I was in love with you.”
	Fiona stood up. “I wouldn’t love you if you were the last boy on the planet. Oh, and by the way, Ryan has your spot as quarterback. Screw you, Dario.” She wanted to inflict as much damage on Dario as she could, so she made sure he knew someone else would be playing his precious game. Fiona turned and walked away. As she blew passed her mom, she said, “Let’s get out of here Mother.”
	When they reached the car, Fiona silently got in and buckled up, staring straight through the windshield into nothing.
	“Do you want to talk about it?” her mom asked.
	Fiona shot her down with a quick, “Nope.” Dario’s admission wouldn’t stop ringing in her ears…I thought I was in love with you…I thought I was in love with you…I thought I was in love with you…he loved me…. A hot tear escaped the corner of her eye. Before it could slide down her cheek and reveal her feelings in front of her mother, she quickly wiped it away. Love is so jacked up! She stared out the passenger window without uttering a single word the entire way home.

Chapter 17
Dario stared at the award wall in the warden’s office. Framed in simple black boxes, certificates of completion and commendations for service to the state and the Army filled the wall. He shifted uncomfortably in the slippery forest green leather chair. The guard had fetched him from the yard right after lunch to meet Mr. Archibald in his private office. Dario had no idea why he needed a confidential meeting midday, but in here, decisions were made for him. In this place, he’d learned overnight that you did what you were told. No questions. No exceptions. No problems. So, he sat. His underarms warmed, just before the damp sweat broke out.
	To pass the time, Dario surveyed the office more closely. The bright afternoon sun filtered through the metal blinds shadowing vertical lines across the imposing wooden desk and over-sized dark leather chair. A half-dead spider plant sat in a shiny ceramic pot in a deep window sill behind the warden’s desk chair. It had an orange and blue blown glass self-watering bulb inserted upside down into the soil. Dario thought that any self-watering system was only as good as the person who replenished the water supply. From the sorry state of the wilting and browning variegated leaves, it appeared greenery wasn’t high on the warden’s priority list. A blue beta fish floated in a small glass bowl on the desk. If it wasn’t for the occasional release of a few bubbles, Dario would have believed the fish was dead. A metal cup full of pens and neatly pointed pencils sat next to the computer screen. A stack of fat manila folders sat in a pile on the desk directly in front of the warden’s desk chair. There was an office phone, a much scribbled on desk calendar, and a half eaten mystery meat sandwich complete with a buzzing fly awaiting the warden’s return. 
	A booming voice sounded through the doorway behind Dario. He turned to see the warden talking into his cell phone, as he rounded the corner of his desk to sit down, he motioned to the young inmate he was almost finished with the call.
	“Well, that’s good to know,” the warden said into his cell. “I wouldn’t have expected that.” Dario watched him. “Certainly. Let me know as soon as you know.” The warden put his phone face down on the desk and leaned back in his chair. He reached for the only skinny file on the top of teetering stack of manila folders and opened it. “You must be Martinez, Dario.” He looked up at Dario for verbal confirmation.
	“Yes, sir,” Dario said.
	The warden leaned forward, shooed the fly from his sandwich and bit a huge mouth full of bread. Dario swallowed hard in disgust. “We sent your sample to the lab, and it came back positive.”
	“What?!” Dario almost fell out of his chair.
	“Hold on.” The warden shuffled some papers around on his messy desk. “My apologies. Negative. Sorry, son. Been a busy day.” 
	“What does that mean for me?”
	“It shows you haven’t been using steroids. Recently, anyway.”
	“I’ve never used steroids,” Dario emphasized the word never. He shook his head in disbelief at his predicament for the hundredth time since he’d been hauled in to juvenile hall.
	The warden opened Dario’s file like a book. “Now. Let’s see. You’ve never been in trouble before at school or in the community. That’s good.” He read down a page, flipped it over the top of the manila folder and read the next page. He looked up for the first time taking Dario into his full attention. “Mr. Martinez, today’s your lucky day.”
	Dario eyed the warden carefully. “Do you mean that in a Clint Eastwood kind of way, or literally?”
	The warden chuckled. “Says here you’re a star football player. A scholar with respects to your grades. And I gather…funny, too.”
	“Sometimes. Most of the time my version of funny makes my mom mad.”
	He took another bite of his sandwich. “That’s about par for the course between boys and their mothers.” 
	Dario frowned as he resisted the urge to gag thinking about all the fly eggs the warden might possibly be chowing down.
	Taking note of Dario’s face, the warden asked, “What’s wrong?”
	“Nothing. Nothing, Sir.”
	The warden shifted his weight in his desk chair. “As I was saying, today’s your lucky day.”
	“Great.”
	“I can’t tell you how many real hoodlums I get coming through here. It’s clear you’re not one of them. Although, we do have to address your possession of that contraband. You still maintain it wasn’t yours and you don’t know where it came from?”
	“Yes, sir.”
	“Good. Here’s the deal I worked out for you. I’m releasing you into your parent’s custody, pending completion of the police investigation. Your hearing date is set for,” he consulted the file, “one month from today, exactly. Sooner, if you’re lucky.”
	“Really?”
	“Really. I’m releasing you back to home and school with stipulations.”
	“What stipulations?”
	“You’re not to play football, or any sports for that matter until the final decision at your hearing.”
	“When can I get out of here?” Dario asked. 
	“I’ve already called your parents. As soon as they get here, you’re free to go. Now, if you’ll excuse me. I’ve got the rest of these files to cull through. You can wait in the hallway there. My team will take it from here. We’re done, Mr. Martinez.” The warden took another bite of his fly-buzzed lunch and pulled the next thick file from the top of the stack in front of him. He didn’t even look up as Dario walked out and took a seat in the hall.
 
Chapter 18
The winds of gossip blew rumors about Dario returning to school all over campus. Fiona heard the whispers in the hall as she walked to English. “Dario this.” “Dario that.” She hoped he’d trip and die on his way to school. She dreaded walking into English class and seeing him. She seriously contemplated ditching. As she rounded the corner to class, she looked up from her inner turmoil and there he was. His eyes met hers. Before she could turn and walk away, he smiled. It was a modest smile, but it was enough to give her instant resolution. Why should I be afraid to go to class because of him?! He was the jerk. Not me. They met at the classroom door at almost the same moment, but Fiona breezed passed him like he was a stranger.
	She took her regular seat, hoping and praying that Dario would chose a different desk, if he saw where she was sitting first. Her blood boiled listening to everyone give Dario a hero’s welcome.
	“Dario! Good to see ya man!”
	“Dude! What the heck, man?!”
	“Missed you!”
	Everyone loved on Dario and Fiona wanted to throw up on her desk. He’s an idiot, but everyone thinks he’s awesome-sauce. Great. Just great.
	Fiona heard Dario ask, “Where’s Ryan?” The bell rang.
	“Everyone take your seats,” Mrs. Shandy said in her teacher warning voice.
	Fiona saw Dario moving to his regular seat in front of her. She looked down and studied her phone to avoid any unnecessary or accidental eye contact. Why? Why did he have to sit there? She screamed inside her head, I should’ve ditched!
	Just when she thought it couldn’t get any worse, the classroom door opened. Like a pack of Pavlov’s dogs, everyone turned their head toward the golden light streaming in to glimpse who had the audacity to be tardy.
	“Nice of you to join us, Ryan.” Mrs. Shandy pursed her lips into her infamous sour pucker.
	“No problem, Mrs. Shandy,” Ryan said, smiling brightly. His eyes scanned the room landing on his best friend. His smiled faded into an “O” of surprise. Without breaking stride, he walked over and clasped Dario in a hardy bear hug.
	“I was hoping the rumor was true,” he said.
	“Good to see you, too,” Dario replied. 
	“That’s quite enough, Ryan. Now. Take your seat,” Mrs. Shandy admonished.
	“Sure. No problem.” He took his seat across the isle from Fiona. She could feel the weight of his stare, but she refused to turn in his direction. She could see Ryan’s legs stretching into the isle.  
	Class droned on and Fiona forced herself to focus on the veneer surface of her desk. The safe zone was dead center of the desk and if she kept her eyes glued to it, she could avoid all peripheral views of Dario. Dario’s back. Dario’s shoulders. Dario’s triceps. And the back of Dario’s head. His presence literally blocked her entire view of class. She thought it ironic that she never noticed that before. She’d been so willing to drink him into her life that she never noticed that he was consuming her bit by bit. She closed her eyes against his haunting words that continued to torture her. Fiona knew that on some level Dario had been right about her. She wanted him to love her. She needed him to love her. Her desperation for acceptance and love sickened her. It was like an invisible force driving her to make Dario a bigger part of her world than he needed to be, or should be. Crap! She felt ashamed of herself. Daddy issues were for other weaker girls, not her. What made her the most sick was knowing all of this logically and still being hung up on Dario and what he said. She wanted to rip his cruel words out of her head. The harder she tried to forget, the faster the intruding thoughts flew in. I thought I was in love with you. She wondered if he still loved her. She battled with herself. Listen to how pathetic you sound right now. Just. Shut. Up. Fiona! He’s a complete jerk! She put her head down, jamming her thumbs into the inner corners of her closed eyes, willing the internal dialog to quiet. She heard Dario again, I thought I was in love with you…
	Mercifully, the bell rang. Fiona quickly gathered her books and walked out as fast as she could to safety, which was anywhere Dario wasn’t. She headed to the library. If she was lucky, no one would find her in there.
***
Dario figured Fiona’s hurried exit was because of him. He knew her well enough to know he’d dug into a wound where she could least stand the pressure. He grabbed Ryan’s arm as they walked out together.
	Pulling his arm free and barely hiding his annoyance, Ryan said, “What’s with the Superman grip, bro?” 
	Dario aimed straight for the center of the bulls-eye. He’d get to the bottom of this ordeal one way or another. “What did you tell Fiona about me?”
	“No idea what you’re talking about.”
	“She said that you told her I didn’t like her. That I used poetry to get girls to have sex with me.”
	Ryan stopped dead in his tracks. Dario stopped, too. They faced up. “Now, why would I say something like that?”
	Dario’s intensity laser-beamed holes into Ryan’s forehead. “Why would she tell me something like that? Out of the blue. Just to say it.” 	
	“Whoa. Back up, bro. Back way up.” Ryan squared his shoulders. “All I told her was not to hang all her stars on one line. That going after your dreams was the most important thing to you. College ball. NFL. That’s it. Are you kidding? I know you don’t date. Not that I approve mind you, because you know I don’t.”
	Dario knew that much was true. Ryan had stopped approving of his commitment to celibacy back in the eighth grade, when Ryan had talked some freshman into going all the way with him behind Ellie’s back. Dario was fairly certain Ryan had stepped out on Ellie several times over the years, but he stayed out if it. Dario couldn’t see Ryan backstabbing him with outrageous lies about Fiona. It bugged him that he couldn’t quite fit everything together. Everything about Fiona confused him. 
	“I just didn’t want her getting her hopes up about you. That’s all.”
	“Okay, then. I’ve only got one thing to say, so listen up. I like her. A lot. And I said some pretty hurtful things to her.”
	Ryan asked, “What things?”
	“The kind of things she might never forgive me for, even if I apologize every day for a year.”
	“That bad, huh?” Ryan asked.
	“Yeah. I don’t know what got into me. You know?”
	“Are you sure you wouldn’t be better off if you just bumped her?”
	“You don’t get it, do you, Ryan? I think I love her,” Dario confessed.
	Ryan laughed.
	“Shut up.”
	“Dude, that’s some heavy language!”
	Dario shook his head. “I’m sorry I said anything.”
	“Bro! Seriously, you’re better off walking away on this one.”
	“See. There you go, bashing Fiona. What the heck do you know about her that I don’t?”
	“Dario. That’s my point exactly. What do any of us really know about her? Don’t forget she’s the only one who was in your sports bag.”
	“I know it wasn’t her.”
	“How do you know?”
	“I just know.”
	Ryan spat in the ground. “Oh, wonderful. He’s really in love. And blind as a bat.” 
	“Don’t get it twisted. I know someone is trying to drag me down. When I find out who, I’ll drop the gloves and kick some serious ass.”
	“I feel sorry for that idiot. Any idea who?” Ryan asked.
	“Not yet. But the truth always comes out.”
	Ryan nodded his head in agreement. “Truth, bro.”
	“I hope Fiona can forgive me,” Dario said.
	“Some things can’t be unheard.”
	“You’re not helping.”
	“Okay. I get it. Okay, try this. I hope she can forgive and forget.” Ryan smiled, hoping Dario would drop the conversation.
	“That’s more like it.”
	“There’s something else,” Ryan added.
	“About Fiona?” Dario asked.
	“No. Coach put me in for you to finish the season.”
	“I’d heard,” Dario said.
	“You cool with that?” Ryan asked. 
	“Sure. Not much I can do about it, right?” Dario said. “Hey. If it can’t be me, might as well be you.”
	“Thanks. That means a lot.” 
	“Let it be,” Dario said. “Glad you’ve got my back, Ryan.”
	“Hey, Dario, you think you’ll come to the game?” Ryan asked.
	“Wouldn’t miss it?” Dario nodded. “Football is life, right?”
	“Yeah. Exactly.”

Chapter 19
Fiona searched the student section looking for Meagan. Friday night football set the little town of Sierra Crest on fire. And if the Wolverines won tonight’s game, they’d be seeded to play in the Liberty Bell game for the city championship next week. The last time the Wolverines took the title was ten years ago. Fiona could feel the anticipation of the home crowd hanging in the air. Everyone was hoping this would be the year the underdog Wolverines would win back the coveted Liberty Bell. The massive bank of lights snapped on, showcasing the night bugs and dust hanging in the air.
	The aroma of sweet kettle corn, roasted hot dogs and grilled hamburgers filled the air making Fiona’s mouth water. Everyone was on their feet waving pom-poms, signs, and rocking their homemade spirit T-shirts. Fiona’s phone buzzed in the back pocket of her jeans. She checked the text:
	Meagan: I’m in the last row
	Fiona looked up. She squinted trying to scan the crowd for Meagan. Finally, she saw her waving her phone in the air. Fiona trudged up the cement steps and over metal bleachers, weaving a path through the throng of enthusiastic students.
	“I’m glad you came, Fee,” Meagan said. “What’s it gonna take to wipe that , perma-frown off your face?”
	“Me, too,” Fiona lied a little. “And I’m not frowning.”
	“Not buying it. Anyway, tonight’s the night, Fee.”
	“For what?”
	“For Ryan to prove himself. He’s gotta put his money where his mouthy mouth is.”
	“He’s got big cleats to fill.”
	“Aw! You made a joke. That’s a good sign.” Meagan teased.
	“You’re so funny I should slap you back to reality.”
	“Play nice or I won’t play,” Meagan snapped.
	Fiona smiled a little. “Okay. Okay.”
Meagan studied her friend’s face. “Huh, would you look at that?”
	Fiona picked at the space between her two front teeth. “What? Is there something in my teeth?” 
	Meagan sighed. “Fiona smiles.” She lifted her large soda for an air toast. From behind her, the edge of someone’s poster hit her arm, tilting her soda just enough that it doused the entire front of Fiona’s shirt.
	“AHHHH! Holy crap! It’s cold!” She wiggled several ice cubes down her shirt to the ground.
	“Oh. My. Gosh! I’m so sorry!” Meagan turned to the person behind her and let him have it. “Look what you did you stupid jerkwad.”
	“Not my fault,” he hollered back.
	“Meagan, it’s okay. Really,” Fiona said. She was holding the bottom hem of the T-shirt out so it wouldn’t touch her skin. Fiona grimaced. “It’s just freakin’ cold.” 
	“So, it’s okay if I laugh?” Meagan’s grin spread quickly across her facing, turning into a giggle. “It was kind of funny, when you think about it. Um. Look at you, Fee. You look like a drenched cat.”
	Fiona laughed. “Funny. Real funny.”  
	“Hey! I can fix that!” Meagan rummaged through her over-sized purse.
	Fiona shook her head. “Don’t tell me you have a spare shirt in there.”
	“Better.” Meagan pulled out a football jersey. “Here we go!” She shook it out revealing the number and the owner.
	“Oh no. I’m not wearing that. I’d rather freeze to death.”
	“What’s the big deal?”
	“You’re joking, right? You’re the one who schooled me about what wearing a jersey means. On a game day. You know whose jersey that is?”
	“Ryan’s,” Meagan said matter-of-factly.
	“How in the world did you get that?”
	“Ryan, of course.”
	Fiona wrinkled her brow. “And what about Ellie?”
	“He gave it to me to give to her at the game, Miss Inquisition. But, I haven’t seen her, yet. And it looks like you need it more.”
	Fiona was still holding the hem of her shirt away from her body avoiding the chilly fabric. “I guess I do need something a little more, um, un-wet.”
	“Here. Take it. Go change and get back here before we miss our nachos and hot dogs.”
	“Don’t you mean miss the game?”
	“Yeah, that, too.” Fiona took the proffered shirt and headed straight for the restrooms. As she waited in the women’s line, her thoughts drifted until they landed on Dario. The way he laughed when she admitted she’d never been to a football game. The way he lay next to her at the pond. The way he smiled at her when they read their parts for their English project. The way he kissed her at her first football game. The way he couldn’t look at her when he told her about his father.
	“Excuse me, it’s your turn.” A lady with a toddler straddling one hip and a little one standing next to her holding her hand interrupted Fiona’s reverie.
Thinking that the little one probably had more urgency to use a toilet, Fiona responded, 	“Sorry. You can go ahead if you want.”
	The mother’s face relaxed, “Are you sure?”
	“Absolutely.”
	“Thanks,” she said and hustled her little ones into the open stall.
	The next opening was hers. She stepped in, turned and locked the door. The floor was slippery under her shoes. She looked down disgusted. The floor was wet from a leaky toilet. Pieces of wet toilet paper stuck to the floor like papier-mâché. She scooted the mess to the edge of the stall with her foot. She pulled off the wet shirt and put on the clean jersey, Ryan’s jersey, hoping that no one would notice. She remembered when Dario had given her his jersey to wear. She realized now that he knew exactly what he was doing. Of course he’d known, he was the football player. She’d been the clueless one. His words haunted her again…I thought I was in love with you. And so did his other words. You know what I think? Your own stupid insecurities kicked in from not having your dad around. So, you did it because you thought I didn’t like you enough…Fiona banished the confusing emotions again, unlocked the door with the soiled T-shirt in her hands and walked out of the bathroom. What an absolute jerk! Since visiting Dario, her emotions had taken off on a wild ride of their own. She rotated between feeling sorry for Dario, for herself and being totally pissed at him. She resolved to head back to the stands, hang with Meagan, cheer for Sierra Crest and have a great time despite Dario.
	As she rounded the corner stairwell to her seat, she walked smack into someone. She looked up to apologize for her clumsiness, when a familiar voice stopped her.
	“You should be more careful about where you’re going.”
	Fiona looked up into the dreamy brown eyes that just a week ago could melt her heart into a puddle. “I was distracted. Sorry.” She struggled to hold on to the anger she felt slipping away in his presence. “You should’ve moved out of the way if you saw me first. We could’ve avoided each other entirely.”
	“Nice jersey,” Dario said flatly. His eyes narrowing from apologetic to pissed. Fiona knew he recognized the jersey. She wished she’d never agreed to wear it, but it was too late now. 
	“It’s not what you think,” she said. Dario’s stony stare paralyzed her where she stood. She worried what he might be thinking, knowing that whatever his thoughts were he’d be wrong. Her anger swung around again. “Why do you care anyway?”
	“I don’t. You’re free to do whatever you want.” He stepped aside, and walked away, leaving Fiona standing there staring after him. 
	When Fiona made it back to her seat, Meagan already had a new soda and two hot dogs. She sat down staring straight ahead oblivious to the game, the cheering, and Meagan’s chatter.
	“Hey!” Meagan snapped her fingers in front of Fiona’s face. “I’m talking to you, Fee.”
	“What?” Fiona startled back to reality.
	“What happened to you? You’re all, I don’t know. Quiet.”
	“I ran into Dario. And I mean, literally ran into him.”
	Meagan assessed her friend’s distracted demeanor. “I’m guessing that didn’t go very well?”
	Fiona looked down at the jersey, then met Meagan’s gaze dead on. “Ya think?”
	Meagan nodded complete understanding, scrunched up her face offering small comfort. “Sorry.”
	“It’s not your fault. Would you mind if we just leave?”
	 “Sure. Do you think your mom would mind if I crashed with you tonight? I don’t really want to spend the rest of my Friday night all by my lonesome.”
	“She won’t care. You sure you won’t regret not staying until the end of the game?”
	“Nah. Look around. No one’s even gonna realize we left,” Meagan said.
	Fiona surveyed the packed stands. “Suppose there’s enough Wolverine fans to keep the cheering alive.”
	“I know. Right? Let’s get outta here.” She pulled out her phone. I’m just gonna let my mom know I’m going to your house.” She lied. Instead, she texted Ryan.
	Meagan: spending night at Fiona’s. On target :)
***
After the game, Dario waited until most of the team had pulled their pads off before heading down to the field. Ryan waved him over. With each step, jealousy threatened to burst threw him like the Hulk. Thinking that someone else would feel Fiona folded softly to their chest, feel her lips shyly brushing against theirs, and thinking that that someone could be his best poisoned his mind with anger and jealousy. He didn’t want to care about Fiona, or any girl. It was too much trouble. Yet, all he could see clearly now was how he was going to rip Ryan’s lying tongue out through his nose.
	“Dude! Did you see the game? I can’t believe we’re going to the championships!” He extended his hand for their customary shake, but Dario didn’t reciprocate the congratulations.
	“Yup,” Dario said.
	Ryan ignored Dario’s quick, flat tone. “What did you think? No wonder you love being a starter. Feels amazing winning a game like this.”
	“Yes, it does.”
	“You going with the team to Denny’s?”
	“It’s better if I stay away for now. At least until all this is finished.”
	“I guess so,” Ryan said, pulling off his sweaty Under Armour.
	“What’s with giving Fiona your jersey?” Dario blurted out.
	Ryan stooped to untie his cleats. “I didn’t.”
	“Then, why was she wearing it,” Dario countered.
	“What?” He kicked his cleats off and stuffed them in his sports bag.
	“She was wearing your practice jersey tonight.”
	“Meagan was supposed to give it to Ellie for me,” Ryan informed him. “Are you still thinking about trying to get Fiona back?”
	Dario clenched his jaw. He couldn’t believe his misfortune. It seemed that everything he did where Fiona was concerned turned out wrong. He’d made an awful assumption about his best friend and the girl who drove him crazy. “I might have blown it, again.”
	“If she’s worth it, then you gotta fight for her.”
	“That’s the last thing I’d expect to come flying out of your mouth.”
	“Just showing you some love, bro.”
***
Meagan sat on Fiona’s bed. The twinkle lights around the floorboard flashed tiny sparkles of light on the walls and ceiling. The bedside lamp cast a warm pink glow because of the pink bulb and sheer scarf over the shade. She liked how Fiona had rearranged her room. But the girl talk hadn’t been forthcoming and she needed the juicy tidbits.
	“You going to tell me what happened with Dario?”
	Fiona rolled onto her back on the floor and stared up at the ceiling. “I’m so confused.”
	“About what? Dario’s pretty straight forward. At least as long as I’ve known him, which is pretty much his whole life.”
	“You know I went to see him at juvie, right?”
	“Uh, I do now. He wasn’t there very long.”
	“I know. I went the day after they took him there.”
	“I see.” Meagan settled into her listening routine.
	“My mom took me.”
	“Uh huh.” Meagan waited for Fiona to continue. This should be good.
	“So, we went. My mom was as embarrassing as ever. She flirted with the guard.”
	“Number one, your mom’s not that bad. And number two, your mom’s hot for a mom, so why not?”
	“Are you serious?” Fiona flashed eye-daggers at her friend.
	“She’s funny. Cool. What can I say, Fee?” Meagan shrugged her shoulders.
	“Oh. My. Gosh. Why does everyone say that?”
	“Does it occur to you, you’re the only one who sees her as a pain in your okole?”
	“Okole? What the heck is that?”
	“It’s your butt. I watched that movie with George Clooney. The one where his wife was in a coma and they lived in Hawaii.”
	“What does George Clooney have to do with my mom being a pain in my butt?”
	“It’s Hawaiian for butt.” Meagan smiled proudly of her connection.
	“Sometimes, you’re so random.”
	“Hey. Hey. Hey. You’re off topic. Get back to the Dario story, please.”
	“I still can’t believe you think my mom is funny.”
	“The story, Fee.”
	Fiona turned her head to evil-eye Meagan. “Okay. So, I saw Dario in juvie. We walked down this hall. There was nothing there. Everything was an awful green color. Or gray. Depressing. Then, my mom had to go into the visiting room with me.”
	“Why?” Meagan asked.
	“Because, I’m a minor,” Fiona said.
	“Continue.”
	“Dario was at a table by himself waiting for me. He looked so sad, Meagan. I’d never seen him look so depressed.”
	“He was in juvie.”
	Fiona snapped back, “I. Know. That.” She turned her face away from Meagan and stared at the ceiling to get through the rest of the story. “I sat at the table across from him. We weren’t allowed to touch or anything. I just wanted to hug him and tell him it would all work out.”
	Meagan connected to the sentiment, thinking about the tough spot Ryan was in because of her. “I totally get that.”
	“Basically, he told me he thought that I was the one who put steroids in his bag.”
	Meagan shot upright. “What? You’re joking right?”
	“I wish I was. I couldn’t believe it.”
	“Was your mom listening?”
	“I don’t think so. She was pretending to read a magazine, or something. She wasn’t that close. And you’re doing it again.”
	“Doing what?”
	“Being random.”
	Meagan shrugged. “Sorry. I just have questions.”
	“Well, after he said that, I got mad. I mean, me? Really? Like I’d do that to him? I’m still stunned he thought that little of me.”
	“I guess I can’t blame you for not wanting to talk to him after that.” Meagan wondered if Ryan had anything to do with this. He was being secretive about something, for sure, and was holding the details close to his chest. A thin thread of doubt wormed its way into the back of her mind, even as her rational self dismissed the very notion that Ryan would want to cause any real harm to his best friend.
	“That’s not all of it,” Fiona said.
	“Oh. Do continue.”
	“He told me that he thinks I did it because my dad wasn’t around. That I was insecure. And that I did it because I thought he didn’t like me enough.”
	“Ouch! That’s pretty messed up.”
	“I thought so, too. I mean, what a jerk right? I told him some pretty serious stuff about my father and he used my own feelings like bullets to my heart. What pisses me off the most is that part of what he said was true.”
	“I’m not gonna lie. I’m kind of speechless. I don’t know exactly what happened with your dad, but Dario was way out of line with that.”
	“That’s not the worst part.”
	“Holy crap! There’s more horror to the horror?” Meagan lay back on the bed pillow for support, grabbing Fiona’s stuffed animal to her chest. “Is this a lion or a bear?”
	“He’s both. A lion and a stuffed animal like a teddy bear.”
	“He’s cute.”
	“He’s from Macy’s, Miss Random.”
	“Sorry, continue.”
	“The part that really killed me was when he told me he was so hurt by all this because he thought he loved me.”
	Meagan’s eyebrows arched in surprise. “Love? He actually used the L.O.V.E. word?”
	“That’s what he said. I don’t know. I don’t care any more.”
	“And not caring is why you’re laying on the floor all mopey and butt-hurt. I’ve never seen Dario with a girlfriend, let alone be in love with one.”
	“I’m not his girlfriend,” Fiona corrected sharply. “And I’m not so sure about the no other girls part.”
	“It’s that tone that tells me the truth. You like Dario. Admit it. Even if he said all that mean dog crap.”
	“I hate him,” Fiona said adamantly. 
	“It’s a thin line between love and hate.”
	“I’m not in love with Dario,” Fiona insisted. “Anymore.”
	“I knew it. Just give yourself time. You’ll forgive him.”
	“It doesn’t matter. After tonight, seeing me in Ryan’s jersey. He made it perfectly clear what he thinks of me.”
	“Which reminds me. You better get that soda soaked T-shirt in the wash before it gets completely disgusting.”
	“You’re right.” Fiona glanced around her room. “Where is it?” 
	“In my shoulder bag.”
	“You mean, satchel,” Fiona said.
	“What?”
	“From The Hangover? The ‘it’s not a purse, it’s a satchel’ scene? I watch movies, too.”
	“How is it you know a movie and I don’t? That’s just wrong.” Meagan reached into her bag and pulled out the damp wrinkled up T-shirt. “This is definitely on its way to Grossville.” She held the garment out to Fiona between her index finger and thumb.
	Fiona got up from the floor and walked over to a pile of laundry on the floor. She sorted out a small pile. “If I don’t do at least half a load, my mom will have a conniption fit.”
	Meagan’s heart almost stopped when Fiona picked up Dario’s lucky orange T-shirt. There was the object of her mission in Fiona’s hands headed to the washing machine. Please, don’t wash it. Don’t wash it. And as if on cue, Fiona tossed it back in the dirty clothes pile. “I think I’ll let that little gem stay raunchy.”
Meagan exhaled. She’d have just a few minutes to get that shirt and keep Fiona away from any thoughts about it for the rest of the night. “When you get back, let’s watch a movie. Maybe the Hangover?”
	“I’m feeling some Star Wars geekiness coming on.”
	Meagan groaned. “Not Star Wars!” She rolled over and put her face in the bed pillow and kicked her feet in a mock tantrum.
	“I don’t care what anyone says. Hayden Christensen is a hunk. I need to concentrate on a hunk.”
	Meagan lifted her head. “Fine. Although Thor is more my speed.”
	“Too muscley.”
	“There’s no such thing as too many muscles. Go do the laundry so we can start our beefcake fest.”
	Fiona nudged the door open with her foot and walked out, leaving the door slightly ajar.
	As soon as Meagan thought the coast was clear, she scrambled to retrieve the prize and stuffed it into the bottom of her bag. She patted it. “Now, all I need is for Ryan to win the Bell game next week.” She got out her cell phone to text Ryan. 
	Meagan: got it :)
	Ryan: meet me at the park
	Meagan: can’t right now. At Fiona’s house.
	Ryan: 2mrrw morning then
	Meagan: kk:) what time?
	Ryan: 10
	Meagan: see you then
	Meagan waited to see if Ryan would add some cute or sweet last word. But there was nothing.

Chapter 20
In the morning, Meagan made sure she left with plenty of time to walk to the park and meet up with her boyfriend. She knew he wasn’t really hers, yet, but she could think of him however she wanted to in her private thoughts. He was making love to her and making promises about their future. And that was enough, for now, she told herself.
As she approached Ryan’s car, the back driver’s side door opened. She slid easily into the backseat and into Ryan’s hungry embrace. When the heat of the moment cooled, Ryan asked, “So you have something for me?”
	Meagan pulled the requested T-shirt from her shoulder bag. “I think you mean this?”
	Ryan’s Cheshire smile melted Meagan’s heart. He reached for it and tossed it in the front seat like it was really no big thing. “Yes. That’s it. And just in time.”
	“For the big game?” Meagan asked.
	“You could say that.”
	“Are you going to wear it? For luck or something?”
	Ryan pushed her away and his smile faded. “I make my own luck. What would make you think I’d wear this stupid piece of crap? I don’t even like Thirty Seconds to Mars.”
	The vehemence in Ryan’s voice stunned Meagan. “I’m sorry. I just thought that you wanted the shirt for luck in the game. So you could win and we could be—”
	“The plan is going according to, well, plan.” He switched gears on her. “What a brilliant stroke of luck getting Fiona to wear my jersey!”
	“What plan? Why was it lucky? Dario apparently thinks Fee is the one who planted the steroids in his bag. And now because she was wearing your jersey, which is my fault, she thinks he really hates her.”
	“He doesn’t hate her…yet.” Ryan’s Cheshire grin returned, spreading slowly across his face.
	“What do you mean yet? You sound like you want him to hate her. That’s not what you want is it?” That nagging thread that had tucked itself away in the back of her mind wormed its way forward.
	“Too many questions. Questions I don’t think you really want the answers to.” Ryan skillfully redirected Meagan’s thoughts. “Look, what do you want out of all this?”
	“I want—well, you promised—we’d be…,” Meagan choked on her answer. Her throat tightened up, cutting short the words she wanted to say.
	“Listen up. I was working on making Ellie jealous so she’d start a fight with me in public. That would’ve given me ammunition to start breaking up with her for embarrassing me with an uncalled for jealous rage over you innocently having my jersey.”
	That was not what Meagan expected to hear. She promptly forgot about Dario and Fiona. “You planned all that so we could be together?”
	“I said start the process of breaking up. We can’t be legit in public until I’m ready.”
	“Okay, I get it. You have to do it in steps.”
	“Exactly.” Ryan kissed her on the nose. “Now, I need you to do one more thing, so my plan, our plan can work.”
	Meagan’s heart fluttered when he said our plan. It was the first time Ryan referred to them as a team, as a couple. “Name it lover boy.”
	“I need you to take the T-shirt to Dario this afternoon. Tell him you found it in my car. And that you think Fiona is seeing me.”
	“Won’t he be mad at her? At you? I don’t understand why you want him so upset.” A spike of jealousy stiffened her spine. She knew Ryan wasn’t really seeing Fiona, but it felt uncomfortable anyway. “Why do you want Dario to think that?”
	“Back up, babe. You know I’m not seeing her, but he won’t. What better way to push that stubborn jerk in her direction. Make him jealous. Make him realize what he really wants.”
	“I get it,” Meagan nodded. “An Einstein plan.”
	“You have to get him to go to her house.”
	“How am I supposed to do that?”
	“That’s up to you. I know you can do it.” He kissed her cheek. “When this is all over, I’m going to be yours. I promise.”
	It was all the encouragement Meagan needed. “Okay.” She forced any doubts she had back down into the shadows.
	“I’ll text you what time to go to Dario’s house and deliver your news. Look, I’ve got to go and so do you.”
	“Don’t you want to—you know?” Meagan didn’t really want to have sex, but she felt that not doing it put her status with Ryan at risk.
	“We’ve got time for that later. You’ve got this, right?”
	“Sure,” Meagan said. Ryan slapped her backside as she got out. She took it as affection, and it made her feel good when he showed his desire for her. 
***
Dario pulled the crust off his grilled cheese. He was mad at himself for falling for Fiona in the first place. Since he’d met her, he’d found himself wanting her to open up to him and he wanted to open up with her. Girls confused him. No, it was more like Fiona disoriented him. He’d felt himself falling for her one step at a time, and he’d been unwilling to stop the forward motion. He’d been willing to see if love could actually be good, and now he had his definitive answer. No. Love preceded all things bad.
	He thought about the hungry way they kissed each other, like they were each other’s life raft or something. She was like a drug in his system. A drug he needed to survive. He took a bite of his sandwich. He conjured up an image of her soft, round mouth smashed against his. He called up the shy way they’d explored kissing together. He’d never been so honest with anyone, let alone a girl. Love was going to be his undoing, he just knew it. He took another bite of his lunch determined to try and forget all about Fiona. He had to for his own sanity.
***
Meagan stood on the front porch of Dario’s house for several minutes before she finally got up enough nerve to ring the bell. Waiting for someone to answer the door gave the anxiety butterflies time to wing into over-drive. She heard footsteps approach the door. I hope it’s Dario. I don’t want to talk to his mom or dad. Oh, please let Dario answer the door. And on cue, the door opened with Dario’s frame filling the entryway. He stood there with half a sandwich in his hand.
	“Hi, Dario,” Meagan said.
	“Meg? What are you doing here?”
	“Can we talk?”
	“Sure. I guess. What’s up? You want to come in?” Dario asked.
	Meagan panicked a little. “No!”
	“Calm down. I can come outside.”
	“Sorry. I’m just upset and I didn’t know who to talk to except you.”
	“What’s this about? And how did you know where I live?”
	“Everyone knows where you live,” she lied. Ryan had given her directions.
	“That’s discomforting.”
	Meagan pulled out the T-shirt and handed it to Dario.
	“Where’d you get this? Did Fiona tell you to give it back to me? Figures after what—”
	“No. No, she didn’t.” Meagan squeezed out the water works for believability. She hung her head slightly looking up at Dario under her tear rimmed lashes. “I found it in the backseat of Ryan’s car.”
	Dario stood there staring at his T-shirt. “Why do you care where you found it? Why tell me?” 
	“I think Ryan’s cheating on me with Fiona.”
	“Ryan? What?” Dario snapped back to reality.
	“It’s hard to explain.”
	“I think you’d better try.”
	“We started talking a while ago.”
	“Talking?”
	“Okay. Hanging out, then.”
	Dario shook his head. “You know he’s never breaking up with Ellie.”
	“Yes, he is!” Meagan stomped her foot and clicked her tongue in annoyance at 	Dario’s easy dismissal of Ryan’s intentions to be with her. “You don’t know him like I do.”
	“It’s your dice. You know he’s been with Ellie since sixth grade, right?”
	It was Meagan’s turn to pause. Sixth grade? He never told me that. How do I not know this? Stay on point. Don’t get random! “Anyway. I think he’s cheating on me with Fiona.” He promised me. A splinter of doubt pricked her certainty. Dammit!
	“Why would you finding this in his backseat make you think Fiona’s with him?”
	“Because I know she had it in her room last night. And how would a girl’s shirt get in his backseat unless she left it there. Besides, she’s always pretending she hates him. And I think it’s just a cover.”
	“She was with him this morning?” Dario asked.
	“I guess.”
	Dario’s clenched his jaw. “Why should I care about any of this? She made it clear to me what she thinks about me. If she wants to be a part of Ryan’s girl drama, let her.”
	“You don’t understand. She’s only hanging out with Ryan, because she misses you.”
	“By sleeping with my friend, she’s only thinking of me?”
	“Wait a minute, cowboy. She told me everything.”
	“Everything about what?”
	“The cruel things you said about her dad. The ‘I love you’ part.”
	“I never told her I loved her.” 
	“Well, she thinks you did. Point is that if Ryan’s cheating on me with her, it’s not because she wants him, get it?”
	“No. I don’t. I don’t get it at all.”
	“Even after all that crap you gave her about her dad, you don’t get it? You really are lame in love, D.”
	“Enlighten me, Meg.” Dario said. 
	“Because she just wants to be loved, idiot. By anyone.” Meagan knew that much was true. She knew the pain of feeling not wanted first hand. If there was anything more hurtful to a girl than her father abandoning her, Meagan hadn’t discovered it yet. Her father’s lack of interest in her life crafted a huge void that she’d failed to fill until recently with Ryan’s attention. Ryan wanted her even when he shouldn’t want her. If she could just get him to love her, then she’d show her dad who the real asshole was.
	“Then, let her,” Dario said.
	That wasn’t the response Meagan needed, and she knew it. Dario required a shove in the right direction.
	“She loves you, Dario. Not Ryan.”
	Dario stared open mouthed at Meagan. He shook his head. “This is entirely twisted.”
	“I know. And you’re the only one who can fix it. You need to go to Fiona. Apologize. Tell her you love her.” Meagan snapped her fingers like a genie. “She’ll drop Ryan like that.” 
	He grabbed the T-shirt from her hands.
	Meagan pushed just a little more. “I think you’d better go now, before it’s too late.” Meagan pointed to the sandwich. “Hey, you gonna finish eating that?”
	Dario looked down at the half-eaten grilled cheese in his hand. He gave it to her. “Knock yourself out.” He turned and opened the front door, reaching just inside to get his backpack. He shoved the shirt into it. “I’ll talk to her. But, she might not like what I have to say.” He brushed passed Meagan, and took off down the street on foot.
	Meagan sent Ryan a text. 
	Meagan: he’s on his way.
	Meagan took a hearty bite out of the leftover lunch to ease the awful wave of nausea twisting through her. She sat down on the front step. Everything felt wrong. She closed her eyes, praying that it would all turn out the way it was supposed to. Please, let it all turn out the way it is supposed to.

Chapter 21
Fiona decided it was okay to stay in her pajamas snuggled in her warm bed after Meagan left this morning. She also decided that it was perfectly okay to mope about boys who didn’t know you existed, or worse, didn’t return your feelings on Saturdays. Fiona picked up her phone willing a text message form Dario to come through. Nothing like zero text messages and no Twitter notifications to make a girl her feel worse than she already did. Moving to Sierra Crest was supposed to be a new start for her mother and her. Lately, it felt like more of the same.
	Lost in her Twitter feed, re-tweeting and favoriting random tweets by total strangers, she almost didn’t hear the low rumble of a familiar muscle car. She tossed her phone on her bed and walked to her window. She peeked out the curtains, immediately recognizing the sliver-blue Chevy Nova. 
	She turned to face Mr. Lion-Bear on her bed. “What does he think he’s doing here?” She heard the doorbell ring. 
	Within moments, she heard her mom calling her. “Fiona! A friend of yours is here!”
	She sat on the bed next to Mr. Lion-Bear. She smoothed his mane. “He’s no friend of mine.” Then, she remembered she was in her pajamas. She rushed to the dirty clothes pile looking for something mostly clean to wear.
	Again, her mom called out, “Fee!”
	Fiona hollered back, “Coming!” She pulled on a pair of jeans and a sweat shirt. “I’ll be nice.” She promised her faithful stuffed animal. Then, she spotted the clean and neatly folded jersey on her dresser. “I forgot about that. This is probably what he’s after.” She walked to her dresser and picked it up.
	Ryan was already comfortably sitting on the couch, when Fiona walked into the living room. He turned towards her when she entered. He flashed her a brilliant smile. 	“Hey, Fiona.”
	His smile unnerved her. She hesitated for just a second. The smell of peanut butter cookies drifted into the living room.
	Ryan kept smiling. “Something wrong?” he asked.
	“No. Not really. Just surprised that’s all.”
	“I see you have my jersey.”
	She stepped forward and handed him the shirt. “I guessed that’s what you came for.” 
	He lifted it to his nose and inhaled. “Smells like…you.”
	“Weird, Ryan. Just weird,” Fiona said.
	“Thanks for washing it. You didn’t have to,” Ryan said.
	“No problem,” Fiona replied. “And yes I did. It was stinking up my room.”
	Fiona’s mom barged into the living room, with the timing only her mother possessed. She held the only offering that could grant forgiveness for such an embarrassing intrusion. A plate of fresh-out-of-the-oven peanut butter cookies. “I thought you and your friend might like a snack.”
	“Thanks, Mrs. Lavender,” Ryan said, as he reached for a cookie.
	“Go ahead, take two. And it’s not ‘Mrs’ it’s just Miss.”
	“Sorry, ma’am. Miss Lavender. Thank you.”
	Fiona rolled her eyes. There she goes again, just taking over my life. “Mom, please. We’re talking,” Fiona said impatiently.
	“Fine, honey. I’ll just leave the plate on the coffee table. Help yourself.”
	“I’m Ryan.” He smoothly transitioned his own introduction, when it was clear Fiona wasn’t going to extend the courtesy on his behalf.
	Her mom smiled. “Ryan. Help yourself, sweetie. I thought maybe you were going to be that Dario boy.”
	“Mom!”
	“No, ma’am. I’m just Ryan. Sorry to disappoint.”
	“What’s disappointing? An admirer of my baking is always welcomed.” Fiona’s mom gave Ryan a little wink and swept herself from the room, leaving them alone and as awkward as before.
	Ryan’s phone dinged an incoming text. He pulled his phone out and read:
	Meagan: he’s on his way
	Ryan smiled.
	Ryan: meet me at park
	He put his phone back in his pocket. “Football gear takes on a smell of its own. After a while, you just get used to it.”
	Fiona wrinkled her nose. “That’s hard to believe.” 
	“Anyway. I better get this back to Ellie before she thinks something that isn’t.”
	“Sure,” Fiona said. Then, feeling guilty for her earlier surliness, she added, “You were pretty good in the game. I heard we won.”
	“We did. Thanks.”
	“Okay. Well. I guess I can walk you out.”
	“Can I grab a few more cookies? Your mom is the bomb at baking.”
	Fiona couldn’t deny that fact. Her mom made then best cookies anywhere, hands down. “Sure.”
	They walked the short distance to the front door just as the doorbell rang.
	“More unexpected company?” Ryan asked.
	She looked through the side window and saw Dario standing there looking up at the porch light, examining it as if it needed repair while he waited for the door to open.
	“Oh, great,” Fiona mumbled.
	“What? Who is it?” Ryan asked. 
	“Dario.”
	Ryan inhaled through his front teeth. “Good luck with that.”
	“On that sour note.” Fiona opened the front door and stood face to face with Dario.
	Dario rushed his words. “Hey. Glad I caught you at home.”
	Fiona didn’t speak, but opened the door wider, revealing Ryan. Dario’s smile crashed to a thin line. 
	“Ryan was just leaving,” Fiona said.
	Ryan stepped around Fiona. As he passed Dario, he said, “Yeah. I was just leaving.” Whether it was on purpose or not, Fiona couldn’t tell, but Ryan tapped Dario’s shoulder with his shoulder as he went by.
	Dario’s nostrils flared. He backed up a step, letting his former friend pass by unharmed. 
	Ryan sauntered down the few steps of the porch, turned and said, “Thank your mom again for the cookies.” His broad smile horrified Fiona, and his timing couldn’t have been worse. 
	When Ryan was a safe distance away, Fiona finally asked the only relevant question, “What do you want, Dario?”
	“To Talk. Just to talk.”
	“I remember the last time we talked. That didn’t go so well.”
	“I need to know the truth.” 
	Fiona’s heart thudded wildly in her chest. Her legs shook so much she thought they might give out. “I don’t have anything to say to you,” Fiona said. 
	“Just tell me. Do you like Ryan? Are you into him? Or is Meagan right?”
	“I don’t know what you’re talking about. What did Meagan say?” A spark of anger surged through Fiona thinking that Meagan would betray her trust. “Whatever I told her was private.”
	“Is it true?”
	“About what?”
	“That you love me.”
	Fiona shook her head. “I told her not to say anything. After what you said…”
	“I’m sorry.” Dario’s eyes shone clear and true. 
	“What you said was cruel, Dario. Spiteful.”
	“I was in a bad place. I wasn’t handling myself well at all.”
	Fiona wanted to believe his sincerity. “At least you own up to it.”
Fiona looked down at their feet. “We’re still in the doorway,” she said.
	“I know,” he replied.
	“We can talk in my room, if you want.”
	“Okay. Sure.”
	Dario stepped into the house, just as Fiona’s mom re-entered the living room from the kitchen. Without looking up, she said, “How’d you like the cookies, Ryan?”
	Fiona gasped in embarrassment and turned around to scold her mother, but her mom had already caught her mistake. “Oh, I’m sorry. I thought you were the other young man.”
	“Mom, it’s Dario, remember? My Romeo?—I mean just Romeo from English class.” Fiona irritated herself.
	“Oooh,” Fiona’s mother said.
	“We’re going to my room. To talk,” Fiona said. 
	“Okay, sweetie. I’ll just be in the kitchen,” she said. “Baking. Cookies.”
	“Nice to see you again, Mrs. Lavender.”
	“Miss. It’s Miss Lavender.” She mumbled and turned around back to the kitchen. “You think people would get that I’m a Miss, not a Mrs.”
	Fiona grabbed Dario’s hand, leading him down the hall. Once in her room, she shut the door. Dario looked around. She’d rearranged it since he’d been there last. But some things remained the same, the white Christmas lights, the funny looking stuffed lion in a jean jacket, and the pile of clothes.
	“Do you love me, Fiona? I need the truth.”
	“That’s a big question.” She sat down on her bed. Her hands were shaking and she instinctively pulled Mr. Lion-Bear into her lap. “Yes. I think so.”
	Dario took the few paces across the room and knelt in front of her. He looked up into Fiona’s eyes and she felt her resolve to be angry with him soften as she gazed down into his big brown eyes. He put his hands on her knees and lifted his head up to kiss her. She leaned down to meet his lips with hers. As his lips brushed against her mouth, he asked, “Where’s my T-shirt?”
	Fiona pulled her head back from his, “What?”
	“My 30 Seconds to Mars T-shirt. Where is it?”
	“I don’t know. I’m surprised I didn’t burn it.” Fiona’s defenses rose against his words. She pulled back even more, but his fingertips dug into her knees.
	“Do you have it at least?”
	“Sure.”
	“I need to see it.”
	Fiona was confused by the inquisition. We were almost kissing, and then he asks about his shirt? “You’ll have to unhand my legs, if you expect me to look for it.” Dario released his grip on her legs. She got up and rummaged through the top drawer, then the next and the next. Nothing. “I know I had it here somewhere.” She turned to Dario. “Why are you so concerned about your shirt right now?”
	Dario spoke through clenched teeth. “Because I need to know the real truth.”
	Fiona shook her head. “Whatever that means.” She bent to look through the pile of clothes on the floor. “I don’t understand. It was here. I just saw it yesterday.”
	“Did you give it to someone? Or lose it maybe?” Dario asked. His voice simmered with rage. It was unrecognizable to Fiona. “Maybe you gave it to Ryan?”
	“Ryan? Why would he have it?” Fiona asked, confused.
	“That’s what I’d like to know.” Dario unzipped his backpack and pulled his shirt out as proof of some wrong doing on her part.
	She took a step back, shaking her head in disbelief. “How did you get that? Are you tricking me or something? Is this a sick joke?”
	“Don’t you mean, where?” Dario asked.
	“Okay. Where?”
	“Meagan,” he answered.
	“Meagan? Why would she have it?”
	“She said she got it from Ryan’s backseat.”
	“Backseat? Of like his car?”
***
	“Yes.” Dario stepped closer to Fiona. His broken heart, briefly resurrected by Fiona, burned in his chest. His love for her became a cold gray pile of ash. What had once warmed him and given him hope for the future had turned against him. He didn’t know if he could get it back. He grabbed her shoulders, pulling her close, and bent his head and kissed her roughly.
	Fiona pushed against his chest. “You’re scaring me.”
	“I thought I loved you. I didn’t want to. But, you were just so beautiful. So sweet. You made me believe you could love me back. That you didn’t care about my past,” he said. Unshed tears flashed in his eyes. “Why Ryan? Why my best friend?” He wanted to hate her. If he could, then this stabbing pain in his chest would disappear. Angry tears spilled over his bottom lashes.
	“I’ve never been in Ryan’s car. I promise. Never.” Fiona put her hands on both sides of his face. “Dario what’s wrong?”
	“Then, why?” He gripped her shoulders again. He wanted his suffocating pain to end. He pressed his thumbs into the hollow of Fiona’s neck. Fiona’s heart pounded erratically under his grip. Slowly, he brought his hands up around her neck. “Why?” he whispered. “Why?!” An audible clanging began inside his head. Colored lights obscured his vision. A raging ocean surged and roared in his ears. A strong metallic bitterness filled his mouth and gagged him.
	“Dario,” Fiona squeaked, as his fingers tightened. Tears ran down her cheeks, meeting their end at the white line of her lips and then her chin. “Dario, please.” Her voice was barely audible against the noise in Dario’s head.
	But Dario was already somewhere else. He was drowning in the past, back in his bed, under his Superman blanket, his mother reading to him and smiling down at him. Then, the raging and yelling and the begging, as it gave way to cracking bones and gurgling blood. Blood soaked the carpet. Blood soaked his mother. Blood soaked everything. Before he drowned completely in the memory, a voice surged through his head like an electric shock: “YOU ARE NOT HIM!”
	“What?” Dario screamed, trying to focus on the voice. He looked around, but saw only flickers of light. His hands tightened their grip around something soft.
	The voice commanded his attention, louder this time, shaking him completely to his core: “YOU ARE NOT HIM!”
	Dario’s hands flew from Fiona’s neck as if he’d been struck by lightening. He gasped and fell hard to his knees, as confused as the little boy he was years ago. He buried his face in his hands and sobbed. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”
Fiona stood paralyzed with Dario weeping like a child at her feet. One moment he professed his love, the next he was someone she didn’t recognize with glazed over eyes trying to choke her. She placed a shaky hand on his heaving shoulders to comfort him. 	She knelt next to him.“It’s okay. It’s going to be okay,” she whispered.
	“No. No, it won’t. I’m just like my father. I’m just like him.”
	“You’re not just like him.”
	“I’m going crazy, I think. I can’t stand that you chose Ryan over me. Holy shit, what’s wrong with me?” Shamed and confused, he turned his face away from Fiona’s searching eyes. “What kind of monster tries to hurt someone he loves?” he whispered. Dario knew that he’d come as close to his father as he’d ever been, and it frightened him. He never wanted to go back to that dark hole in his life. 
	Fiona put an arm around Dario’s shoulders. “I didn’t choose Ryan over you. I can’t stand him. He’s the biggest jackass that ever lived. I only talk to him—try to be nice to him, because he’s your best friend. Or was.”
	Dario dared to glance at her, his face blotchy with angry tears. “What?”
	“I don’t know why you think I want Ryan. But, this—” She put her hands on his shoulders and looked him squarely in the face, “What just happened now, is something bigger than being jealous, or mad.”
	“Sometimes, I feel so angry inside and it just explodes. I don’t really talk about it. Usually, football takes care of it. I’ve avoided all this going out stuff, because I was afraid I couldn’t keep the ugly locked down. I was right…”
	“Look, Dario. When you told me about your dad, I knew it was big. I didn’t know what to say and I was afraid if I said the wrong thing, you’d just cut me off. You have to talk to somebody about it. A professional, you know, someone who can talk you through it. Help you make sense of it. Help you deal with your feelings.”
	“I don’t know. I’m not sure I can,” Dario said.
	Fiona kissed his cheek. “I don’t think you can afford not to.” 
	Fiona’s mom burst into the room. “Everything all right in here?!” She saw them both kneeling on the floor with her daughter’s hands gripping Dario’s shoulders. “What’s going on in here?” she demanded.
	Fiona looked up. “Nothing, Mom.”  
	“What happened? Why does your neck look like someone was choking you?” She realized instantly Dario had tried to hurt her daughter. “Why you sick, twisted little—” she reached for the nearest weapon she could find: a hair brush. She picked it up and launched herself full force at Dario.
	Fiona screamed, “No! Mom!” She tried to put herself between her furious mother and Dario. They all tumbled in a heap on the floor with Fiona’s mother taking swipes at Dario with the prickly brush.
	“Mom! Stop! You’re hitting me!” Fiona yelled. “Stop it! Mom! I’m okay!”
	“I’ll beat him within an inch of his miserable life!” As she lifted her arm to begin a new onslaught of hitting, Dario rolled away, and Fiona reached for her mother’s wrists. 	They tussled until Fiona rolled on top of her mother, pinning her wrists next to her ears.
	“Kalliope Lavender! Let go of the brush. I’m okay. Do you hear me? I’m okay.”
	Her mom stopped struggling and stared at Fiona. “Are you sure you’re all right, Fiona? I’ll kick his ass if he hurt you.”
	“Really, Mom. I’m fine. Are you going to keep hitting?”
	“Of course not. Get off of me would you?”
	Fiona released her mother’s arms and stood up straightening her clothes.
	Her mom chuckled nervously. “I can’t believe this. I hear him yelling. I run in here all panicked. You have red marks all over your neck. He’s crying. Holy Jesus, someone better start explaining from the beginning.”
	An electronic beeping sounded from down the hallway. “Mom, what’s that noise?” Fiona asked.
	“What’s that smell?” Dario asked.
	Fiona’s mother listened for a fast second. “Oh no!” she exclaimed. Her eyes rounded in horror, and she bolted from the room. From down the hall, they heard her screaming bloody murder.

Chapter 22
	Ryan stared at Meagan. “What’s wrong now?”
	“I feel bad about what I told Dario. I mean, I told him about us, but I felt bad lying about you and Fiona.”
	“Don’t. You had to, right?”
	“I don’t know. Did I?”
	“Why’d you really do it? To help Fiona and Dario, or because you love me?”
	“When you put it that way. Because, I love you.”
	“You want us to be together, more than anything, right?”
	Meagan flushed at his confident assertion of her wants and desires. Not so much because he knew they existed, but because he knew them so intimately and understood her desire for love was her kryptonite. “Yes. I guess so.”
	“I know so.” Ryan tucked a stray lock of her hair behind her ear. “Admit it. I’m the first to race these curves of yours.”
	Meagan lowered her eyes to her hands. She wanted to say something, but was afraid she’d say the wrong thing. She remembered what he’d said about virgins.
	“It’s all right. I know I was. I could tell.”
	Tears stung Meagan’s eyes. A fat drop spilled with a blink, landing in a delicate splat on her hands folded in her lap. She smoothed it away with her thumb.
	“Don’t cry, Meg. You earned everything you wanted. My trust and my promise. After I win the Liberty game, I’ll be all yours.”
	Meagan looked up, hopeful. “What about waiting? I thought you were worried about Ellie. I’m fine if—” A fire truck with sirens screaming raced by, blowing passed the parked Chevy so fast, the car swayed with its inertia. Before she could begin again, an ambulance quickly followed with sirens blaring.
	Ryan smiled. “I wonder where they’re rushing off to?”
	“Why are you smiling? Fire trucks and ambulances are never good news.” A wave of nausea forced her to close her eyes.
	“What’s wrong now, Meg?” His question trapped her inside her feelings of unworthiness. “Meg, didn’t you hear me? You’re getting exactly what you wanted. Me.” 	She glanced up. His smile unnerved rather than comforted her. Meagan could barely look into his eyes. “I…I’m not sure I want this anymore.”
	Ryan reminded her of what she needed. “Yes. Yes, you do want me. Look what you’ve done for me.”
	Queasiness gripped her stomach again. She swallowed the sour bile rising in her throat. “What do you mean? What I’ve done for you?” Meagan asked. 
	“You’ve helped me win,” he said simply.
	“Win what?”
	“The game, Meg. The ultimate game.”
	“The Liberty Bell isn’t for another week. And what do I have to do with football?”
	“Not football. I’m talking about the game of life. And you’ve helped me every step of the way. No questions asked like a good girl. You did whatever I asked, trying to prove to me you were worth loving.”
	Meagan shook her head. “I don’t understand.”
	“The game against Dario. Clear now?”
	“What do you mean against Dario? I borrowed money from him. And got his T-shirt.” 
	Ryan slid his hand into the waistband of her jeans, pulling her closer. “You wanted me so bad, you willingly betrayed your friend. Now, that says a lot about you to me. It’s good to know how far you’ll go for us.”
	“Explain it Ryan, please.”
	“I think you already know what you’ve done. To Dario. To Fiona.”
	“What I’ve done?” Meagan choked.
	“You borrowed the money from Dario. And you got Fiona to put it in his bag. Everyone was so busy talking about Fiona, no one noticed when I slipped the steroids in his bag.”
	“Oh my god.” Meagan gagged. Her eyes focused on the ugly truth spilling from Ryan’s mouth. Even as he spoke, she realized her part in his plan was contrived from the beginning. He’d used her and she’d let him, all because she needed him. Maybe not him exactly, but anyone like him: hot, someone everyone else wanted. She thought that if she could steal him from Ellie, then she would prove she was worth something to herself. She needed him to love her the way she loved him, with desperation and self-sacrifice, or she would be the worthless little girl her father ignored. 
	“And when that bastard got out of juvie and came back, I knew I had to push plan B. Get him to do something stupid. Something violent, so they’d send him back to jail. You helped me time it out to perfection. Dario was getting there, just as I was leaving Fiona’s house. You should have seen his face. He was furious.”
	“I thought you said you wanted him and Fiona to get back together?”
	Ryan’s honeyed words slid off his tongue and stung like bees. “I told you what you wanted to hear. Don’t worry. It’s cool, Meg.” 
	“You tried to make him mad? So he’d want to fight you?”
	“Well, me or…” Ryan let the ‘or’ hang there long enough for Meagan to fill in the gap. 	
	The possibilities crystallized in Meagan’s mind. “Fiona? You wanted him to hurt Fiona?! Why? Why would you do that? He’s your best friend.”
	“My best friend?” Ryan laughed. “He deserves everything coming at him. Acting the arrogant jerk all the time, like he’s better than me. Better than everyone else. I hate him. I hate everything about him.”
	The truth burned. “And you smiled because you thought the ambulance was going to Fiona’s house?!”
	“That’s about the size of it.” Ryan smiled again.
	“I’ve got to get out of here. I’ve got to tell Fiona and Dario.” She reached for the door handle, but Ryan grabbed her hand with an iron grip. “Let go! Let go of me!” she yelled.
	“Not so fast, Meg. You’re not telling anyone anything.” With her free hand, Meagan swung at Ryan’s head. His grip tightened on the hand he held fast, as he grabbed for the flailing arm. He caught it with a stinging grip, bending her arm behind her head.
	“Ouch! You’re hurting me! Let go!” Meagan screamed. “Let! Me! Go!” Meagan brought her knee up and jammed Ryan as hard as she could in the groin. The pain shot straight up behind his belly button. He bent with the after shock of the blow and eased his grip on her arms. Meagan began kicking wildly, managing to wrench one hand free to lift the door handle. She pulled up and the door flung open and she slid part way out of the car with Ryan still on top of her.
	“You’re not going anywhere slag,” Ryan snarled.
	Meagan slapped and kicked at everything. Her foot found his groin again. This time, when he bent in agony, she was able to slide all the way out from under him. The pebbly asphalt scrapped the skin on her elbows, but she didn’t care. Panicked, she scrambled to her feet and started running as fast as she could. Her heart beat frantically in her ears. Behind her she heard Ryan rev his car’s engine. The loud rumble spurred a spike of adrenaline driving her legs to pound the ground faster than she’d ever run before. Her heart hammered. Her lungs burned. Her legs tired, but she kept running. Green and blue and pink blurred around her, she didn’t stop. She cut through yards, jumped over trashcans and bushes. She ran all the way to Fiona’s street.
***
Meagan froze in her tracks as she rounded the corner onto Ibis Avenue. Her heart dropped to her feet. Emergency vehicles blocked the street in front of Fiona’s house. I’m too late! Too late! The foot of a gurney emerged through the front door of Fiona’s house flanked by three sturdy firemen and followed by two E.M.T.s. A body was tightly wrapped in a yellow blanket. All Meagan could see from her rooted position on the street corner was dark hair. Her heart hurt. If it turned out to be Fiona, it was all her fault. No one would ever forgive her. She would never forgive herself. Even as she blamed herself, she plucked up the courage to run the block between her and the answers she needed.
	“HEY!” Meagan shouted and waved her arms to catch the emergency workers’ attention. The gurney jerked to a stop as all five heads turned to face her. The patient turned her face toward the hoopla.
	Meagan called out, “Mrs. Lavender!” She ran all the way to Fiona’s mom. Relief flooded her entire body, when she realized that it wasn’t Fiona. “Oh. My. Gosh! Are you okay? What happened? I was walking down the street. I saw the lights flashing and—”
	“It’s okay Meagan. I’m okay.” 
	Meagan reached for Fiona’s mom’s arm. “What happened?” 
	A hunky fireman said, “Kitchen fire ma’am.” He smiled down at Meagan. “She’ll be fine.”
	“I forgot I was boiling eggs. I burnt the pan and nearly half the kitchen down.”
	“Mostly smoke damage by the looks of it. You’ll have the kitchen to reignite soon enough, Miss Lavender,” said a different fireman. “But, you’ll have to replace that oven.” 	The dreamy crew pushed the gurney to the edge of the ambulance and pushed it forward so the legs folded under the bed, sliding neatly into the fully-equipped mini-hospital in the back of the ambulance. 
	Meagan was impressed with Fiona’s mom and spoke over the wall of navy blue uniformed shoulders partially blocking her view. “Only you could burn down your house and get gorgeous men to flirt with you at the same time.”
	“Oh, Meagan. Not so. Not so.”
	“Take it easy, Miss. Lavender.” The E.M.T smiled, as he hooked up beeping electronic machines to monitor his patient’s heart. “Lay back and relax. We’ll be there in no time.”
	“Thank you. But, I’m fine. Really.” She looked around her rescuer’s broad shoulder. “Where’s my daughter? Is she okay?”
	“She’s fine, Mom,” said a familiar voice behind Meagan, who turned and seeing Fiona, hugged her with the strength of Sampson. “I can’t breathe, Meg.” Fiona’s voice pinched. “Meg. I. Mean. It. Can’t breathe. Let. Go.”
	Meagan reluctantly released Fiona. “Sorry. I was so worried. Oh God! I’m so glad you’re all in one piece.”
	“Hey, Mom? We’ll follow you, okay?” Fiona focused on her mom, as Meagan clung to her arm.
	Fiona’s mom nodded her head and gave the thumbs up.
	A sooty faced firefighter stepped in front of Fiona. “Excuse me, Miss.”
	“Sure. Sorry.” She stepped back and waved to her mom as the firemen closed the polished white ambulance doors and knocked twice, signaling the driver that the vehicle was ready to transport. Meagan and Fiona covered their ears with their hands when the sirens warbled to a full scream. When the ambulance pulled away, Meagan saw Dario standing on the porch with his hands in his pocket. Guilt and relief flooded her as she stood.
	Fiona noticed Meagan’s open hanging mouth and followed her line of sight landing squarely on Dario. “It’s a little strange I guess. How it all worked out,” Fiona said.
	Meagan shook her head. “You really have no idea, do you?”
	“No idea about what?”
	Meagan absentmindedly rubbed her left forearm. “Everything.”
	Fiona looked at Meagan’s arm as she massaged the red welts, and saw the dried bloody scrapes on her elbows. She gingerly touched Meagan’s arm. “What happened to you?”
	“I’m fine. It’s nothing.” Meagan needed to unburden herself of the truth. What she had helped Ryan accomplish was unforgivable. “You have to know I’m sorry. So sorry.”
	“For what?”
	“The truth. I swear I didn’t realize what Ryan was up to. I thought it was some sort of guy prank.”
	Dario walked up behind Fiona, wrapping his arms around her shoulders. Fiona’s hands came to rest easily on his hands. “You thought what was a prank?”
	Tears welled in Meagan’s eyes as she saw the genuine affection between them. The affection she had been so desperately trying to get from Ryan. “What happened to you? Both of you.”
	“Is this a long story, Meg?” Fiona’s smile faded with worry. “There is the matter of meeting my mom at the hospital.”
	“I can tell you while we’re driving, if,” and she sighed, “if you promise not to throw me out on the way.”
	Fiona eyed her friend carefully, and then squeezed Dario’s fingers threaded through her own. “What do you think, Dario?”
	His smile lit up his entire face. “Whatever it is, Meagan, we’ll wait until the car is fully stopped before we throw you out.” 
	Meagan sensed that something had shifted between Fiona and Dario. She narrowed her eyes at them trying to squeeze the truth out of them. “Wait. What’s going on between you two? Something’s missing. Or added. Not sure which.” 
	“Can we please get in the car?” Fiona begged. “We can exchange stories while we’re driving.”
***
In the car, Meagan stopped and started, before the entire ugly truth tumbled out in the open. Detail by detail. The money. The steroids. All of it. She narrated how measure by measure Ryan orchestrated his symphony of deceit to play out to its glorious end.
“Only, he’s gonna be majorly disappointed that his big plans backfired.” Meagan exhaled. “I’m glad the truth is out. I realize I’ve hurt you both, but I promise that I didn’t mean to. I wouldn’t blame you if you guys never spoke to me again.” 
	Dario had been silent the entire time Meagan spoke. Fiona glanced at him while she drove. His jaw twitched. What he’d heard sounded so far-fetched that his brain barely comprehended what she was saying. It sounded like someone else’s life, yet he knew all the players. Fiona reached her hand over touching his clenched fist resting on his thigh. She smoothed his hand open, and he let her fingers entwine with his. After a moment, he gently squeezed her fingers with his. They’d been through so much this past week it felt like an entire lifetime had unfolded. He lifted their entwined hands, bringing Fiona’s hand to his lips, and kissed the back of her hand. Fiona smiled as she drove. “It’s gonna be okay, Dario.”
	“I hope so,” he said quietly. They both ignored Meagan’s sniffles and sighs from the backseat. Only time would tell if the friendship would endure. 
***
Fiona’s mom looked pretty comfortable in the hospital bed with warm blankets, a thick pillow, wearing a blue and white standard issue hospital gown.
	“I’m glad you’re okay, Mom.”
	“I feel so silly. Burning eggs. I mean who burns boiled eggs?”
	Fiona smiled at her mom. “You do.” 
	Her mom’s chin quivered. “I’m sorry, honey.” 
	“For what, Mom?”
	The tears started rolling. “For not being the mom you wish I was.”.
	“Don’t, Mom. Please, you have nothing to be sorry for.” She turned and looked at Dario and Meagan standing behind her. She wasn’t sure if she wanted witnesses to what she was about to say. She looked back to her mom’s tear damp face. She leaned over and wiped a tear off her mom’s cheek. Screw it. She knew if she didn’t say it right now, she’d never say it. “I’m the one who’s sorry. I’m not the easiest daughter in the world.” 
	“I know.”
	Fiona leaned over and hugged her mom. Really hugged her mom. “You weren’t supposed to agree so fast.” For the first time in her life, she knew in her heart that it was better to have a quirky mom than no mom at all.

Chapter 23
Dario sat in the chair directly across from Coach Green, who was on the phone talking to the police. His stomach twisted in knots. His future in football literally hung on the line. He knew it was a long shot that Coach Green could get all the required forms and approvals for his reinstatement on the team.
	“Uh-huh. I see.” Coach nodded at Dario. “Well, I must say that’s not a surprise. Not at all.” A few more nods and a final, “Thank you for your time. Appreciate it.” Coach hung the receiver up with a gentle clank, pushed himself back from the desk and folded his arms across his chest. “Well, son…” He let the sentence hang for one second, then two. The third second bled into the fourth second and the Coach stared straight at Dario.
	Dario looked up, not knowing by the conversation he’d heard if the conclusion to this mess would roll in his favor or not. He knew it was a distinct possibility that the school board would reject his parents’ application for immediate reinstatement on the team, if the local authorities refused to release their final report by this afternoon. Approval had to happen tonight at the school board’s monthly meeting. In closed session, they would decide his fate for the Liberty Bell game, and quite possibly affect his scholarship eligibility. “Well?” Dario asked, the suspense all but killing him on the spot. “Just say it, Coach.”
	Coach Green eyed him carefully, and shook his head slowly. “I can’t believe it, son. Just can’t believe it.”
	“Believe what?”
	“I just spoke to Detective Lombardy.”
	“I know. I heard. So, what did he say?”
	“He’s already faxed his report to the board.”
	Dario held his breath. “And?”
	“I have every confidence you’ll be playing on Friday.” Coach Green’s wide grin revealed his relief. He reached his arms behind his head, lacing his fingers together in cool satisfaction. He leaned back in his desk chair. “I knew it was going to work out.”
	Dario exhaled. “I’m glad one of us knew.”
	“You’re welcome.”
	“Um. Thank you.”
	“I only have one nagging question.”
	Dario felt his gut tighten up again. “What’s that Coach?”
	“I’m minus one captain, as of right now. I can’t go into the biggest game of our year without all my captains.”
	“I’m not following you.”
	“Sure you are. I want you back as quarterback. And captain. Do you think you can handle that?”
	Dario smiled so hard his cheeks hurt. “Yes, sir.”
***
The locker room reeked of fresh cut grass and clean sweat. Each players’ bright orange jersey emblazoned with big white block numbers shone immaculate, a pristine state of uniform soon to be altered on the gridiron. The unusual quiet spoke of the importance of the game. Coach Green looked over each member on his team. All eyes fixed on him, the players’ continued silence revealing their immense respect. “Gentlemen, this is it. The game you’ve all worked so hard to get to. And it’s been a long time coming for most of you.” He surveyed his team and coaching staff. “It’s the last game this team, right here, right now, will ever play together, as a team.” He paused allowing that reality to sink in, focusing their concentration on the task immediately ahead of them. “Seniors, for many of you, it’s the last real football game you’re ever going to play. You know I’m always chapping your hides asking you if you want to be champions. Of course you do, but so do they. They’ve practiced in this valley heat, just like you. They’ve run drills just like you. They’ve won games, just like you. But I’ve gotta ask you to ask yourselves, one last time. Do you want to be champions?”
	The locker room rumbled with a unified YES!
	“Then ask yourself this. How bad do you want it?” Coach Green paused. “How bad do you WANT IT?!” His voice was a crashing wave of confidence and courage. “Are you willing to go all the way tonight? To give this game and your teammates everything you have? To give one-hundred percent, no matter what happens? Are you willing to go all the way like CHAMPIONS?!”
	Another YES! shook the locker room.
	“Then prove it! Go out there and TAKE. THAT. BELL! Wolverines on three!”
	The entire team rose in one fluid movement, gathering into concentric circles, raising one hand to the ceiling. Dario stepped forward as quarterback and team captain. 	He counted, “One! Two! Three!”
	The team bellowed, “WOLVERINES!”
***
The line to get into the Liberty Bell game wrapped around the city block on both sides of the stadium. Cars and trucks jammed the streets. Headlights flashed. Horns honked. The buzz of excitement hung in the air. Spectators wore their respective school colors. Alumni wore old letterman jackets.
	As Fiona walked down the ramp toward the student section, she pulled her phone out. She panned the crowd with her camera phone. A group of bare-chested boys painted in Sierra Crest orange and black hollered at her to photograph them. She obliged while they hooted and hollered their enthusiasm. The band played. The crowd roared and stomped. In the distance, a sea of orange gathered under the far scoreboard.
	—Ladies and gentlemen! It seems our teams are ready to face off for the coveted Liberty Bell.
	—Yes, Dave. It’s the game this town can’t wait for every year, rain or shine.
	—I don’t think there’s a more true statement for this town than that. This game goes back, what? Fifty years?
	—Sure does. The only question for tonight is who will win, and possibly have a shot at the state title?
	—Both schools are pretty tough. Can you feel the excitement?
	—Yes, I can. Oh, looks like we’re ready to roll. Ladies and gentlemen, your Sierra Crest Wolverines!!
	The crowd jumped to its feet, cheering and screaming as the sea of orange, black and white spilled through the gigantic paper banner painted with the image of a wolverine claw mark, bearing the message “Wolverine Attack!” in giant letters.
	Fiona scanned the team until she found the number she was searching for: number four. She waved and hollered along with the crowd.
	—Well, this is a surprise.
	—What’s that Dave?
	—Is that number four, Dario Martinez on the field?
	—I think you’re right, Matt. I believe Sierra Crest has their star quarterback. Not sure how, but I think we can say it’s official.
	Fiona smiled, continuing to clap wildly. She saw Dario turn and look toward the stands. She waved. He saw her and lifted his helmet in her direction. 
	Friday night football was much colder in the evenings now that it was late October. A thin damp mist hung in the hair. Misty droplets clinging to Fiona’s hair curled it up to almost ringlets. She hated that. She pulled her beanie down lower on her forehead and shoved her hands into her jacket pockets. Fiona admitted to herself she missed Meagan’s company. She pulled out her cell phone.
***
At the end of almost two and a half hours of playtime, the game was all tied up. Both sides grinding their way to victory. Sierra Crest had the ball and if they scored, it would be all over. The way each side had battled to defend turf, overtime looked like a reality for the exhausted players and the chilled crowd.
	The center set the ball on the grass. Dario took position behind him. The offensive line froze into their stances. The throng sounded a constant roar in the air. The mist turned to light rain. Dario looked left, then right. “HIKE!” The ball was in his hands. Players made their moves and counter moves. Dario moved right, holding the ball low, faking a hand off to a running back breezing by him. He slowed down, as if his job was done, before spinning back to the left with the ball still in his hands. Wolverine fans jumped up realizing their quarterback was running wide to the left. Most of both teams lay in tangled heaps near the line of scrimmage. The opposing team had precious few players still on their feet able to run Dario down, let alone stop him from taking the ball all the way. He tore up the grass blazing a trail into the end zone. TOUCHDOWN! The announcers shouted with the spectators. A cannon fired. Cheerleaders hugged each other. The Wolverine mascot shook his body at the crowd.
	—Look at that!
	—You can’t get any smoother than that, Dave.
	—That was amazing!
	—Martinez makes that naked bootleg look easy.
	There was no way that the security guards and the administrators were going to keep the crowd from barraging the field as soon as the clock ran out announcing the game over.
	—Wolverines have done it ladies and gentlemen! The wolverines have done it!
	—They’ve taken the Liberty Bell! Next stop, the State Championship!
	—Congratulations Wolverines!
	The crowd roared and cheered. People hugged each other. The student band played the school fight song, until they were cut off by the PA system blaring the Queen anthem only winners could love, We Are the Champions. Dario took his helmet off searching the crowd surging onto the infield. His teammates half-hugged and half-tackled him. Between arms and elbows, he scanned the approaching faces for the only pair of eyes he wanted to make contact with right now. A beautiful pair of gray eyes. Free from the team dog pile, he pushed his way toward the stands where he knew Fiona had been sitting. People passed by congratulating him.
	“Great game.”
	“Thanks.”
	“Awesome game.”
	“Thanks.”
	“So proud of you.”
	“Thanks.”
	Then, the crowd parted revealing the object of his search. Fiona stood grinning and shaking her head at him. Dario dropped his helmet and walked directly toward her like she was an oasis in a desert. And he was drunk from thirst of her. In seconds, they stood face to face. Hundreds of people swirled around them blurring into a specks of light on a colorful backdrop. Dario only had eyes for her. Fine Fiona. He looked down into her upturned smiling face. He put his hands around her waist and pulled her closer. She opened her mouth to speak, and he closed it with a kiss, while his arms crushed her closer. His hands moved up her back, gently sliding up her neck. He stopped and searched her eyes for a sign he should stop. She closed her eyes, tilting her head back just slightly. He leaned his head down and softly kissed her neck and gently moved his hands up so they cradled the sides of her face. Fiona opened her eyes and met his intense gaze.
	Dario realized, in that moment, how much of himself he’d kept behind a wall. He’d never allowed himself to let anyone as close as he wanted Fiona to be. He wanted her to be a part of his life. With college looming for both of them, good-bye might come sooner than either of them wanted it to. He didn’t want to waste a single second of the time they had left together. Dario dipped his head and kissed her gently. He felt her mouth open in an invitation to take more. He wrapped his arms around Fiona and crushed her into his football pads. The sweetness of her kiss stung and satisfied the hunger in his heart. He opened his eyes and looked at her. He’d never let himself feel the full impact of her presence, until that moment. It over-whelmed him. It excited him. For the first time in his life he knew, without a shred of doubt, that his future wouldn’t be marred by his father’s past. Her love had uncrossed his stars.
	“I love you, Fiona Lavender.”
	Standing on tippy toes, Fiona reached her arms up around his neck and ran her fingers through the back of his hair. “I know.”
	“I…wait. Did you just pull a Star Wars quote? You didn’t just Han Solo me, did you?”
	“Yeah. Totally.”
	He eyed her suspiciously. “So, that means….” 
	“I love you, too,” Fiona confirmed. “Now, kiss me again, Han.”
	Dario obliged. He lifted her off the ground and kissed her until the light grids flickered off one by one.

Chapter 24
Ryan sat in a solitary juvenile hall holding cell, staring out the little window in his door. After he failed to catch Meagan before she could tell Dario what she knew, he knew it was just a matter of time before someone showed up at his door. He wasn’t surprised when the police came to pick him up for questioning. He’d fight it. His mom would get a defense attorney for him. He knew enough to know that you never talk to the police. Their job was to prove you guilty. Trip you up with your own words used against you. Tell you everything is off the record. Tell you it’ll go easier for you if you just tell the truth. But he knew the only truth the police wanted was the truth that convicted him. And he wouldn’t make it easy. He’d kick and scream all the way.
	He wasn’t remorseful about Dario. Not really.
	A guard opened up the door. “You’ve a visitor.”
	“Who is it?”
	“You’re brother.”
	“What? I don’t have a—,” Ryan stopped short of an explanation. “Sure. Okay.” 	He got up from the concrete bench that served as a bed, desk and chair. “I’m coming.”
	Ryan knew who it would be before he even got to the visitor’s area. His mom had just been there the day before, so that left one person. One person who would give a rat’s ass why he’d done any of it.
	The guard opened the visiting room door. Ryan scanned the tables until he saw him. Dario looked up when Ryan entered the room. Their eyes met. Ryan walked to the table and sat down. Around them inmates visited with family and friends at other tables. Ryan broke the heavy silence between them.
	“What brings you to my world?”
	Dario shook his head. “I’m surprised to be here. Didn’t think I’d ever want to lay eyes on you ever again.”
	Ryan took a deep breath and exhaled. “I guessed you’d want to know why, eventually.”
	Dario narrowed his eyes at the person sitting across from him. “I thought I knew who you were.”
	“Can you ever really know anybody?” Ryan asked.
	“Is that supposed to be funny?”
	“Not unless you want it to be.”
	“I don’t find any of this funny,” Dario paused before asking the killer question, “why?”
	Ryan smiled. “You already know, bro.” He stood up abruptly, turned around and walked away. He rang the bell so the guard would open the door. He knew he left Dario to sit and wonder. Forever. As Ryan passed through his cell door and another guard clanked it shut behind him, he smiled to himself. His smile morphed into laughter. 	Forever, he thought. That’s a long time.
