MY MATH TEACHER IS A VAMPIRE
Book 2 in the 'Stewards of Light' series, and sequel to 'My Science Teacher is a Wizard'
Published on Smashwords by Duane L. Ostler
Copyright 2014 Duane L. Ostler
All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced, copied or distributed without the express permission of the author. If you would like to share this book with someone, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it or have it purchased for you, please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author
Cover art: Bela Lugosi from the 1931 film 'Dracula'
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1 - The Man with the Bus Schedule
CHAPTER 2 - A Very Unusual Pencil
CHAPTER 3 - No Blood in his Veins
CHAPTER 4 - A Friend and a Dream
CHAPTER 5 - A Game of Cat and Mouse
CHAPTER 6 - Nearly Bitten!
CHAPTER 7 - Some Very Strange Collections
CHAPTER 8 - The Flight of Two Bats
CHAPTER 9 - The Ring
CHAPTER 10 - I'm Type O!
CHAPTER 11 - The Sleepover
CHAPTER 12 - A Bite on the Neck
CHAPTER 13 - The Dream Battlefield
CHAPTER 14 - An Iron Neck
CHAPTER 15 - An Unexpected Friendship
CHAPTER 16 - The Promise of Peaceful Dreams
Sneak Peak from book 3 of the Stewards of Light series - Chapter 1 of "My History Teacher is a Leprechaun"
The Stewards of Light Series - List of Titles

CHAPTER 1 - The Man with the Bus Schedule
I had a whopper of a black eye. It was the purple/black kind that gets all puffy and looks kind of like a cheese pizza that was left in the oven too long. It bulged one whole side of my face so I could barely see out of the slit between swollen folds of black skin.
In short, it was the sort of black eye to be proud of, and to show off to everyone but your mother.
The only problem was, it hurt like the dickens. I fingered the eye tenderly as I walked through the park toward home after school. A small, white bird that had been pecking at some seeds looked up at me as I did so. "Ouch!" I cried, causing the bird to flutter away. It then start squawking at me angrily. Even the slightest touch of my eye brought excruciating pain.
"Hi, Blake!" came an annoyingly cheerful voice from behind me. Turning, my heart sank at the sight of gossipy Mary Ellen Paul and her new bucktoothed friend Frieda Mult. "Hi, Mary Ellen," I grumbled in a tone of voice that clearly said "Get lost!"
"Ooh!" cried Mary Ellen. "What happened to your eye?" While Mary Ellen seemed concerned, I noticed that Frieda smiled in pleasure at the ugly sight.
"It's nothing," I said, with a casual wave of my hand. Before I could stop her, Mary Ellen reached out and touched it.
"Don't do that!!" I yelled, my face turning white in pain. Mary Ellen backed off with a frown, but Frieda's smile grew even wider. "It hurts!" Putting my hand to my eye, I was surprised when I pulled it away to see a small spot of blood on my fingers. "See that?" I said with a frown. "It's bleeding!"
"Well, why don't you go DO something about it, then?" asked Mary Ellen hotly. "That makes more sense than standing around, trying to show it off!"
"I'm not showing it off," I cried. "I was going home to do something about it!"
"Who gave it to you, anyway?" asked Mary Ellen curiously. 
"Donny Poindexter," I grumbled, scowling. Even saying the name made me flinch. Ugly, mean, built like a tank, and my worst enemy for as long as I could remember, Donny Poindexter was like a massive cold sore in your mouth that never went away. It was hard to image how anyone could hate someone as much as Donny hated me.
Except for the dream. At the start of the school year, I'd had the strangest dream in which Poindexter had incredibly started to become my friend. In the dream, I had a wizard science teacher named Mr. Marlin, who turned the whole class into worms one day and roaches the next. Then the dream turned weird, and I had been tricked into drinking a wizard potion that made me super powerful, after which I started destroying things. But finally I woke up and found it was all a dream and Poindexter was meaner to me than ever.
"It's your own fault for not standing up to him," said Mary Ellen with a scowl. "All bullies are cowards!"
"Not Poindexter!" I replied. "Call him a coward and he's likely to break through your teeth with his fist, so he can yank out your tonsils."
Mary Ellen raised an eyebrow. "So, is that why you got the black eye? Because you called him a coward?" Frieda's smile broadened in hope that I would tell them all the gory details. 
"No," I said, suddenly looking down at the grass in embarrassment. "He said he didn't like me standing in his shadow, and then let me have it."
"The silly things you boys do to each other," said Mary Ellen with a dismissive toss of her head. "Frieda and I are on our way home to make pickle brownies. Wanna come?"
At my look of sheer horror, Mary Ellen said simply, "Suit yourself, then." She and Frieda trounced up the sidewalk in a way that reminded me of mindless mosquitoes.
I sat down heavily on a park bench. School was bad enough without people like Mary Ellen Paul to grate on my nerves. Just about everything about it was bad--the boring classes, Poindexter, disgusting lunches, Poindexter, endless homework, Poindexter, bad grades no matter how hard I worked, Poindexter. I sighed heavily.
"You really should try harder to contain your enthusiasm for life," came a voice to my left. "Your bubbling excitement might cause some of us old geezers to experience heart failure."
I swung around to stare at the person who had spoken. "Mr. Marlin!" I cried. It was the science teacher from my dream! This was impossible! He was sitting next to me on the park bench, holding a bus schedule as if he had been reading it intensely. Only he was holding it upside down.
"Correction," said the old man, his long, grey beard wobbling like a yoyo with each word he spoke. "My name is Mr. Snulkbarf, as I seem to recall telling you once before in this park. And if I remember correctly, you admitted that any resemblance to my being your science teacher was a sheer intentional coincidence that obviously never happened precisely because it could not be avoided." Mr. Marlin smiled at me, while putting down the bus schedule.
I squinched my good eye, trying hard to understand what he had just said.
"I can see by your bored expression that you think it's time to politely look at your watch, then say you have to leave," said Mr. Marlin. "However, I have some important news for you that will undoubtedly stick in your mind as tightly as last night's homework. Tomorrow, you are going to have a new math teacher."
"Huh?" I responded, my slow mind still struggling to catch up. "How do you know that? And why would Mr. Harris leave? He's been there so long he taught my dad when he was a kid! And how can I even be talking to you? You're nothing but a person I met in a dream once!"
Mr. Marlin spread his hands wide, while looking up at the sky. "Ah, what is a dream!" he said dramatically. "Isn't it just reality filmed in black and white, except when you eat in a dream you still wake up hungry?" He looked at me as if he had just said something profound.
"As for your math teacher," he continued, "let's just say I have my sources, and they all confirm that as of tomorrow, Mr. Harris--to his surprise--will find himself on extended leave. Although he will not be going to spend a week floating leisurely on his back across the fowl smelling Great Salt Lake, as he has long dreamed of doing."
"Who will my new teacher be?" I asked curiously. 
"A kindly, gentle fellow who has an odd obsession about blood and dreams," replied Mr. Marlin with a smile.
"Dreams?" I said in surprise, my stomach lurching slightly. "You mean, like the dream I had?"
"Precisely," said Mr. Marlin. "And knowing how talkative you are, and how much you love sharing your fascinating dream with others, I have no doubt you will be wise enough to not follow my advice to tell him all about it!"
I screwed up my good eye again, my feeble mind again trying to catch up with what Mr. Marlin had just said. 
"Do you mind if I come with you?" asked Mr. Marlin unexpectedly.
"To school?" I asked in surprise.
"Yes," said Mr. Marlin. "I was sharp enough in my day to succeed at flunking English, math and history all at the same time--quite an accomplishment, since a triple flunker is not easy to achieve. So I'm sure I can be of tremendous help to you."
"Well ..." I said, rubbing my chin, while thinking I was on the verge of being a triple flunker myself, "I guess you can come. But won't it look funny, an old guy like you coming into my classes?"
"No funnier than that purple beaked Marmaleek eating the mirror off that car over there," said Mr. Marlin, pointing. I turned quickly to look, but saw nothing but a sparrow pecking at the grass. Turning back, I was astounded to see that Mr. Marlin had completely disappeared!
"Mr. Marlin?" I called, looking all around. "Mr. Snulkbarf? Where are you?" There was no answer.
I shook my head as if to clear it from a fog. Had I been dreaming again? In the weeks since my former dream which had seemed so real, I had become more and more convinced that it was too bizarre and impossible to have actually occurred, so it must have been a dream. In those early days I'd sometimes woken up at night in a cold sweat, fearful that it just might have been true. But as time passed, I came to see it more for what it really was--a warning not to eat pepperoni pizza and chili burritos before going to bed.
But seeing Mr. Marlin--that is, Mr. Snulkbarf--had somehow brought the unreality of it all crashing down around my head once more. Could it have been real? Had Mr. Marlin actually been my science teacher? Had Poindexter really almost become my friend? Had I taken a wizard's potion that transformed me into an all powerful killing machine?
I shook my head once more, then headed off down the sidewalk toward home. No. Absolutely not. It was all too fantastic. I must have been hallucinating to think I'd met Mr. Marlin again. Fun as he had been as a dreamed-up science teacher, it had been an increasing relief to not see him again in the weeks since the dream, since his world of deadly wizards was not a safe one. It had helped in my effort to convince myself that it really had been just a dream. 
In short, I was probably just having a relapse. No doubt it was the green spaghetti and black meatballs the lunch ladies have served for school lunch earlier that day. 
Reaching the corner, I looked back at the park bench where I'd hallucinated seeing Mr. Marlin. The bus schedule was still sitting there, upside down. I shook my head again, then walked quickly away. Surely, someone else had left it there by mistake.

CHAPTER 2 - A Very Unusual Pencil
The bell rang loudly as I walked into math class the next day. Math was about as exciting as watching two worms having a stare contest. So why get there early?
The instant I walked in, Mr. Snulkbarf's warning from the park yesterday came crashing down on me. Mr. Harris was gone! And in his place, standing at the head of the classroom, was an old guy that looked scarier than lunch ladies without their hairnets. 
He was dressed in black pants and a white shirt. He had pasty white skin that hung in flabs down the side of his face. His hair was jet black, and the corners of his dead-looking lips were kind of red. But the most compelling thing about him was his eyes. They looked like two black olives tossed into bulging bowls of bloodshot ice cream. And they seemed to bore right into me in a way that made my skin crawl. I rushed to my seat so I could duck down behind the person in front of me and avoid those eyes.
"Good morning, class," said the white skinned dude in a voice that sent shivers down my spine. "My name is Mr. Coagulate, and I will be your substitute teacher for a few days while Mr. Harris ... recuperates." He smiled at us in a fake sort of way that made it look like he was really frowning instead. His teeth were pure white and reminded me of a row of coconut popsicles that had each been sucked down to a sharp point.
"Mr. Cogulate, sir," said Geake, a weird kid in the front row who wore thick glasses. He was waving his hand like a flag, in a needless effort to get the teacher's attention (the teacher was looking right at him). "What happened to Mr. Harris? What does he have to recuperate from?"
Mr. Coagulate's smile broadened. "My name," he said slowly, in a chilling whisper that carried clearly to every part of the room, "is Co-ag-ulate, not 'Cogulate.' As for Mr. Harris, he apparently developed a sudden neck problem, and is in the hospital for observation."
Without thinking, I raised my hand to my own neck protectively. It was the way Mr. Coagulate said 'neck' that made me do it. He pronounced the word with a sort of excitement, like a little kid saying 'ice cream.'
"Now today," said Mr. Coagulate, turning to the board and picking up a piece of chalk, "we shall be discussing the solution of equations with an unknown variable." An involuntary groan went up from the entire class. When math teachers started talking about unknown variables, they might as well be talking Greek.
Slowly, Mr. Coagulate turned around to face the class. The groan instantly died away, as his eyes swept the room, drilling into each one of us. When he spoke, it was in a voice that sounded as if ice was slowly eating its way into our brains. "Let me remind you," he said in that loud whisper of his, "that math is the easiest of all the subjects taught at this school." 
Boy, was that news to most of us!
Mr. Coagulate turned suddenly to Donny Poindexter who, unfortunately for me, sat next to me on my right hand side, ready to reach over at any time with his sledgehammer fist (which he often did). "Would you kindly tell the class how many ways you can write an English essay, so as to receive an 'A' grade?"
Poindexter looked at him as if he had just sprouted hair out of his eyeballs. His sluggish mind was churning furiously. What kind of question was that?
"Gee," Poindexter said at last, in that sullen growl of his that I had come to know so well meant that he was less than happy. "I don't know."
Mr. Coagulate just looked at him for a minute, then turned to stare at a blond-haired boy sitting on the other side of Poindexter that I had never seen before. Apparently he was a new kid in class who had unwisely chosen a seat right in front of Freida Mult, Mary Ellen's new buck-teethed friend who was in this math class as well. "Please describe how many ways you could do a report on the civil war for a history class, so as to receive an 'A' grade," he said. He came around his desk to stand directly in front of the new kid. "What do you think?"
The kid shrugged. "Lots of ways, I guess," he said simply. Where was all this going?
Mr. Coagulate smiled again, with that same sharp-teethed smile that looked like it was really a frown. "Exactly!" he said in triumph, as if he had just pointed out something that should be obvious to everyone. At the stupid looks that remained on all our faces, he explained, "In English or History or most of your other school subjects, there can be many right ways to reach a correct answer. Indeed, there can be as many as there are blood corpuscles flowing through your veins."
He said 'blood' with that same excitement that he'd said the word, 'neck.' I ducked down farther behind the kid sitting in front me. Then I pulled out Grandpa's gold pocket watch that I always carried, and started swinging it in a circle around my fingers by its chain. It always helped when I got nervous.
"But in math," continued Mr. Coagulate slowly, "just how many right answers can there be, and methods to find that answer?" He turned suddenly to a dark haired boy sitting next to me on my left side, in a desk that used to be empty. This must be a new kid too!
The kid looked like he was deep in thought. Finally he said, "Just one, I guess."
"Precisely!" said Mr. Coagulate again in that same voice of triumph. "Once you learn the simple rules of math, you will ALWAYS get the same answer to every question. The answers never change, nor do the methods for finding those answers. Learn the rules, and you know math as well as any Math Professor in College."
He smiled at us again, in that same way that somehow made my blood tingle. "Now, having discovered this great truth, you are ready to learn the simple rules for solving equations with one variable ..."
He turned again to the blackboard, and began to scrawl numbers across it in a way that looked like a bunch of chickens walking across a patch of mud.
"You know what I think," whispered the dark haired kid next to me, to my surprise. I just looked at him, not knowing quite what to say. This was weird. Not many other kids talked to me, or even took much notice of me. Since I was one of the school's social outcasts, anyone talking to me took a loss in his popularity rating.
Not waiting for my answer, the kid said excitedly, "I think he looks just like a vampire!" 
I looked back up at Mr. Coagulate as his pasty white hand--which was whiter than the chalk he was holding--continued to write numbers on the blackboard. I had to admit that the dark haired kid had a point. Mr. Coagulate looked exactly like a vampire you would expect to see in the movies, even down to the 'V' shaped wedge of hair sticking down in the middle of his forehead. And that dratted dream Mr. Marlin had said in the park that my new math teacher had a fascination with blood …
A sudden bizarre memory lurched into my mind, from my long ago pre-school days. It was the 'Count' on Sesame Street that was always so fond of math. How ridiculous! A new math teacher that was a vampire!
Turning back to us, Mr. Coagulate said, "I have written today's assignment on the board. Please take out a clean piece of paper and answer each question, isolating the variable on one side of the equation. I will give you twenty minutes, and then we will go over the answers."
Each of us swallowed the groan that we would have otherwise uttered and pulled a piece of paper out of our notebooks. There was rapid scribbling all across the classroom as everyone wrote down the first problem, '3 + y = 5.'
I stared at the question for a minute. Where did that silly 'y' come from? What was I supposed to do with it? Dealing with numbers in math was bad enough. Why did they have to start throwing in the alphabet too?
A sudden voice came out of nowhere, making me jump in my seat in surprise. "I think the 'y' is supposed to be an unknown number, although I would have chosen a 'q' instead, since I like it's shape better." The voice seemed to be coming from my pencil!
Looking down at the pencil, I was shocked to see that it had suddenly sprouted a grey beard and bushy eyebrows! It looked just like Mr. Marlin!
The pencil suddenly smiled at me, making me drop it as if it had just bit me.
"Good evening!" it said pleasantly, even though it wasn't evening. "I just thought I'd share the abundance of my lack of knowledge with you, since I always did so well in math that I got constant 'F's' to prove it!"
"You can talk!" I said loudly, causing several kids around me to look over curiously. "You have a mouth and can talk!"
"That's usually what mouths are for," said the pencil that looked like Mr. Marlin. "Although most of the time, what they have to say isn't worth listening to and wasn't worth saying."
"But you can TALK!" I repeated again, even louder this time. More kids looked at me. The dark haired kid leaned over and whispered urgently, "Hey, pipe down! Mr. Coagulate's looking over here, wondering what's going on!"
Looking up, I saw the black olive eyes of Mr. Coagulate boring into mine. I quickly turned back to my math problems. However, I left the pencil where it was, and quickly pulled a pen out of my desk to use instead.
"There's a little known fact about talking wizard objects, like me," said the pencil. "Only YOU can hear me! However, everyone can hear you when you respond to me, which to most people would make you look like you have completely taken leave of your senses and are talking to the air. However, since your classmates at this school love and respect you so much, I'm sure the thought that your brain has turned to mush will not cross their minds." The pencil smiled at me sweetly.
"You mean, nobody else can hear you at all?" I whispered furtively. The Mr. Marlin on the pencil nodded its head in a way that made his beard bounce up and down like a ping pong ball. "Not a word," he said smugly. "So keep talking to me as loud as you can. I'm sure your classmates will be greatly pleased to see you conversing with a pencil."
He was right there, although 'pleased' didn't exactly describe what they would really think. But that wasn't what concerned me right now. What DID concern me was that I was suddenly having a conversation with a pencil that looked just like an old dude I had once seen in a dream! Obviously, I was cracking up!
"Is anything wrong?" asked the dark haired kid next to me. He was leaning over, a look of concern in his eyes. "You don't look so good."
"Of course he doesn't!" came Poindexter's voice from the other side of me. "He always looks like pukewater." Looking over at him, I saw that a malicious sneer lit up his whole face into an evil, happy smile. My mere presence usually had that effect on Poindexter.
"Is anything wrong, boys?" came a sudden icy voice above us. Looking up, we saw the bloodless face of Mr. Coagulate looking down at us. Up this close, his black eyes looked like the moldy chocolate Easter eggs Mom had found under my brother's bed that morning, and thrown away.
"No!" squeaked the dark haired kid next to me, pulling back in his seat as far from Mr. Coagulate as he could go. Poindexter and I didn't answer. 
Suddenly Mr. Coagulate's moldy Easter egg eyes lit up. He was looking down at a cut on Poindexter's hand. Poindexter usually got a dozen or more cuts and bruises every day, usually from the braces or glasses or buttons his fist met when beating up on kids like me.
"I see you seem to have a scratch on your hand," said Mr. Coagulate. He was trying very hard to control the excitement in his voice. "May I see it?" Before Poindexter could answer, Mr. Coagulate snatched Poindexter's hand and held it up to his nose. He sniffed at the cut, his nose twitching excitedly like a bunny rabbit sniffs a carrot before taking a bite.
Then suddenly he dropped the hand with a thud, a look of disappointment on his face. "I'm sure the school nurse will have something to treat it," he said blandly. "You can go there as soon as class is over." He turned and walked quickly back to the front of the classroom.
Poindexter just sat there rubbing his hand, while watching Mr. Coagulate with a look of both anger and curiosity. "Weird," he grumbled. Then, he glanced my way. Too late, I realized I had made the mistake of merely looking at him. 
With a malicious grin, he suddenly reached over and grabbed the Mr. Marlin pencil on my desk. Without any hesitation, he snapped it in two, then threw it back in my face!

CHAPTER 3 - No Blood in his Veins
"Mr. Marlin!" I screamed in horror, causing every kid in class to look my way. Picking up the broken pieces of pencil, I stared at where the tiny bearded head of my former science teacher had been. It had completely disappeared!
Poindexter was grinning at me with more glee than a kid who just swallowed a chocolate cake. 
 "You killed Mr. Marlin!" I spat at him angrily.
"Do you give all of your pencils names?" asked Poindexter with a sneer. "Where's Dopey and Dufus?" Then he spotted the pen I had been using, lying on my desk. His smile grew larger. "Do you give your pencils boy names and your pens girl names?" He snatched up my pen and snapped it in half in delight. "Did I just kill Mary Poppins?"
"Is something the matter, boys?" a voice said above our heads. Looking up, we saw Mr. Coagulate looking down on us again with his moldy eyes. 
"My pencil!" I said stupidly, my horrified mind still trying to pull itself together. I held up the broken pencil for Mr. Coagulate to see. "Mr. Marlin is gone!"
Mr. Coagulate turned to gaze down at Poindexter. "I trust this is your handiwork?" he asked with that same grating whisper. Poindexter just shrugged, but I could see his eyes were smoldering. Instantly I knew I was going to get pounded extra hard after class for having accused him before a teacher.
But none of that mattered now. Mr. Marlin was dead! My former science teacher who had turned himself into a pencil was gone forever! That is, if he had ever existed. If I hadn't been imagining it all, or cracking up, or dreaming again, or--
"From the bloodless color of your face, I'd say you've been out in the sun too much lately," said a familiar voice from over Mr. Coagulate's shoulder. "Your skin is whiter than an albino without a sun tan!"
"Mr. Marlin!" I cried in joyous relief, recognizing the familiar bearded face of my non-existent science teacher. He was peering at me from the clock on the wall over Mr. Coagulate's shoulder, his beard sticking out the bottom and trailing down toward the light switch. His eyes were set on either side of the '12' at the top, making him look a bit cross eyed.
Mr. Coagulate turned to stare at me, with a look of surprise and curiosity. "Boy, perhaps you'd better see the school nurse. My name is Mr. Coagulate, not Mr. Marlin."
"Uh ... sorry, sir," I murmured, embarrassed. "I'll remember next time." Mr. Coagulate then took Poindexter's pencil from his desk and handed it to me. "I believe your friend here owes you this," he said simply. Then he turned and walked back to the front of the class.
The instant Mr. Coagulate's back was turned, Poindexter snatched back his pencil, then grabbed me by the scruff of the neck. "Meet me outside the lunchroom after class so I can re-arrange your face," he said casually, as if he was ordering soup at a restaurant. Just as Mr. Coagulate was turning to look back at his class, Poindexter let go. He left two big welts on my neck, that were sure to grow bigger.
"My, what a charming friend you have in Mr. Poindexter," chirped the clock/Mr. Marlin happily. "I can certainly see why you share your lunch with him so often!"
He was partly right--Poindexter did often have part of my lunch, when he was still hungry after having his own. But it certainly was never shared.
"Class," said Mr. Coagulate blandly, his bloodless cheeks flobbering sideways like a dying fish while he spoke, "Before you finish the rest of your assignment, I'd like to ask you each a question. And whoever answers 'yes' just might get five fewer problems on tonight's homework!"
The lazier kids in class sat up excitedly--in other words, all of us. "Did any of you have a dream lately about wizards?" he asked unexpectedly.
I sucked in my breath as if I'd been hit in the stomach. He knew about my dream! He was obviously trying to find me, but didn't know what I looked like. But how could he know about my dream? I hadn't told a soul about it! Of course, if what I'd experienced was real rather being than a dream, he might know about it. But that was impossible, wasn't it? How could that crazy dream have been real?
But then again, how come the Science Teacher from my dream was now showing up, taking on impossible shapes? He seemed real enough. I must truly be losing my mind.
I looked furtively up at Mr. Marlin, and tried to mouth the words, "I know you're not real--but how did he know?"
"Know what?" said Mr. Marlin loudly, in a voice that fortunately only I could hear. "You mean about your dream? Don't all of your teachers ask innocent questions about whether you've dreamed about wizards lately?"
I shook my head. "How surprising!" said Mr. Marlin, twitching his nose in a way that made the minute hand of the clock move closer to the end of class. "Maybe it has something to do with the fact that he has no blood in his veins."
I stared stupidly at the clock. "No blood?" I mouthed again. 
"What's that?" said the clock loudly. "Speak up boy, or you'll surely be heard. And yes, as I was saying, vampires have no blood in their veins. That's why they get so thirsty every time they look at someone's neck. They also have a fascination with dreams. I thought everyone knew that."
"Vampire?  No blood in his veins at all?" I mouthed in horror, my eyes opening wide. Mr. Marlin just nodded in a way that made the numbers '11' and '1' wobble. 
Two seats in front of me, Geake was waving his hand frantically at the front of the class. He was jumping around in his seat as if he had to go to the bathroom. "I had a dream about wizards, sir!" he blurted. "Just last night!"
"Really?" said Mr. Coagulate with a humorless smile. He came around to stand directly in front of Geake. "And just where did you and the wizard happen to go in this dream?"
I was knocked breathless again. Not only did he know about the dream, but he also somehow knew that we went somewhere in the dream as well! We'd gone to Korea, of all places! But how could he have known that? I looked back at the clock. But Mr. Marlin was too busy going cross eyed while trying to look at his nose in the center of clock. He kept twitching the nose, making the minute hand swing back and forth.
Meanwhile, Geake was looking at Mr. Coagulate rather worriedly. "Go?" he repeated carefully. "Well, actually we didn't go anywhere except to a pizza place where the wizard waved his wand and made a six foot pizza with watermelon and grapefruit toppings!"
I saw several in the room suddenly clutch the stomachs in disgust. But Mr. Coagulate merely looked at Geake in disappointment, his moldy eyes turning even moldier. Then he turned back to the class. "Did anyone else have a dream with a wizard in it?" he asked hopefully. Geake slumped back in his chair, disappointed.
There were several more raised hands. Whether anyone had a dream with a wizard in it or not, the possibility of getting out of homework was worth making a few guesses. For the next five minutes we listened to a dream of a wizard dressed like a cowboy who cast a spell to turn our city into Disneyland; a dream of a wizard kidnapping one kid and turning him into one of the lunchladies, and a dream of a wizard with a sports car who turned mud puddles into kangaroos, and who took the kid who was telling the story to Jupiter and back. The kids in my class may not be very good at math, but they've got imaginations that can't be beat.
As each story started, Mr. Coagulate looked at the student telling it with a hungry, hopeful stare. But as soon as he found they didn't go where he expected them to (Korea, no doubt), his moldy eyes glazed over, and he quickly started looking around the classroom for the next dreamer.
Naturally, I didn't tell my dream. There was no way I would have shared that horrifying experience in front of all these goons, even if it meant getting out of a little homework--especially not to a teacher that looked as scary as Mr. Coagulate. Mr. Marlin from his clock face on the wall didn't help matters though. "Go on Mr. Drywater!" he would cry each time Mr. Coagulate asked if there was anyone else with a wizard dream to tell. "Tell all about your dream--only when you tell about me, make me even younger and more dashing and handsome than I normally am! Which will be quite hard, I know, since I'm already so buff I could go on the cover of a body building magazine!" His grey beard sticking out below the clock waggled as he spoke, in apparent disapproval at his lie.
Finally the bell rang. "For homework, all of you will need to do the 15 questions on page 139 of your text," said Mr. Coagulate over the din of closing books. There was a collective groan from the class. "I thought we were supposed to get 5 fewer questions if we told about our dreams!" blurted Geake. 
"You did," said Mr. Coagulate, smiling at him in a hateful sort of way. "I was going to give you all 20 questions." Then he turned his back on the class and started to erase the blackboard.
"Boy, that was sure a weird class," said the dark haired kid to me as he gathered up his books. I didn't respond, since I was not used to other kids saying things to me that could be repeated in public. "What was all that business about dreams?"
"I don't know," I mumbled, standing up. Poindexter was already at the door of the classroom, where he looked back at me and gave me that 'be there if you don't want to get beaten worse later' look. Glumly I shoved my books in my backpack and headed for the door. Might as well go outside the lunch room and get it over with.
"My name's Norman," said the dark haired kid as he walked beside me. "What's yours?" 
"Blake," I said, looking at him curiously. He was obviously too new at school to know that I was one of the nonexistent people nobody was supposed to talk to.
Norman smiled. "What's your next class?"
"Gym," I replied. His face fell. "I've got history next," he said. "Too bad."
I suddenly sensed that someone was standing behind me. Looking around, I was surprised to see the new blond-haired kid standing there, looking at me. "My name's Darcy," he said with a smile.
Norman frowned at Darcy. Then to me he said, "Well, maybe I'll see you in a later class, or after school." He headed for the door.
"Who was that?" Darcy asked, looking after Norman. From the way he asked the question, I could tell he didn't really want to know. 
"I don't really know," I answered only half truthfully, since I knew his name was Norman. "A new kid, I guess."
"I'm new too," said Darcy, smiling again. He certainly seemed like the friendly type. "Well," he said swinging around to head for the door, "see you tomorrow."
"Sure," I answered softly. This was weird. Two kids had defied the unwritten law of Millard Fillmore Middle School and actually talked to me. But I was pretty sure by tomorrow they'd both have learned about my school outcast status, and would start ignoring me like everyone else.
"A fascinating discussion of equations with one variable, wasn't it?" said the clock/Mr. Marlin as I approached the door. "Even if it was taught by a bloodless vampire with an obsession about dreams."
I just looked up at him, not knowing what to say or whether I should say anything. Since there were still people in the classroom who might think it odd if they saw me talking to a clock, I decided to remain silent. Besides, I wasn't too happy with him. It was because of him I had to go now to my little 'meeting' with Poindexter.
"Have a nice day!" chirped Mr. Marlin as I walked under him. "Which I can tell by your face you're already having!"
"There won't be a face left to tell anything by, soon," I muttered to myself as I walked out of the room. Looking back, I saw Mr. Coagulate staring after me with his bloodshot, moldy eyes.
I quickly turned and walked away.

CHAPTER 4 - A Friend and a Dream
The bell rang and school was out. I quickly joined the throng of senselessly screaming kids in the halls, each trying their best to get out fast and put as much distance between themselves and the torture chamber of school as possible. I now had another black eye after my little 'meeting' with Poindexter earlier, but the new one wasn't too bad. Poindexter must've been having an off day, since he only belted me half as hard as normal.
"Hey, Blake!" called a voice as I emerged from the school's front doors along with hundreds of other kids the school was gladly vomiting out. Turning, I saw that the voice came from Norman, the dark haired kid from math class. He came quickly over to me. "Do you take the bus, or do you walk?" he asked.
"I walk," I replied, trying to recover from my shock at his interest. 
He smiled. "Which way are you heading?" he asked.
"I usually go down Canal Street and cut across the park to get home." 
"Great!" he said happily. "I'm going down that way myself. I'll walk with you." He fell in step by my side. I could hardly believe it.
Looking over, I was surprised to see the other new kid from my math class, Darcy, dart out of the school doors as if he was being chased by an equation with an unknown variable in bodily form. But the moment he saw Norman and I together, he suddenly stopped. He frowned, his hurry evidently forgotten, as he tossed his backpack on the ground.
Weird.
"So, does Mr. Henchy the gym teacher always twitch his eyes?" asked Norman as we descended the school steps. "It makes him look kind of like a grasshopper with a wing ripped off."
"Yeah, that's old 'Twitcheye' Henchy," I responded. "They say it was caused by his one and only season playing pro football, because opposing linebackers kept sitting on his head."
Norman laughed. "The slurred way he talks, they must have sat there a lot. But he's not so bad, I guess. He let us lounge around the gym doing whatever we wanted all period."
Before I could answer, an annoyingly familiar voice called out behind me, "Hey, Blake! Who's your friend?"
Turning, I was not surprised to see Mary Ellen Paul and her friend Frieda Mult coming up to us. Their eyes were shining happily like two blood-sucking leaches who've just discovered a new food source. For Mary Ellen this was especially true, since she was the official school gossip.
"This is Norman," I said blandly as the two girls came up to us. "He's new here." I turned toward Norman and grimaced. I was happy to see that he grimaced back.
"So, what do you think of our school, Norman?" asked Mary Ellen. "Bet it's not as good as your old one!"
"Maybe," said Norman slowly. "At my old school, any girls who hung around after school asking dumb questions got their hair cut off by the boys." He then 'accidently' pulled some scissors from his pocket, and let them fall to the ground.
Mary Ellen looked at him curiously, pretty sure he was pulling her leg. But I was happy to see Frieda Mult gulp in a worried sort of way.
"That's silly," said Mary Ellen dismissively. "You guys wanna come over to my house and do your homework? Frieda's a genius! She never scores lower than 100% in anything!"
"No thanks!" both Norman and I echoed together. "I'd rather fail miserably on my own," said Norman. I shook my head in agreement.
"Suit yourselves, then," she said as she turned with Frieda to flounce away. "But you'll regret it when grades come out!" The two of them then ambled off like a couple of hippos who found their favorite mud pond dried up.
Norman rolled his eyes. "Do you have to put up with that very often?" he asked curiously. 
"Almost every day," I said with a sigh.
He shook his head in sympathy. "Between her and Poindexter, I'm not sure who's worse!"
I looked after her, pondering the question. Finally I said, "I think I'd take Poindexter any day of the week." Norman smiled knowingly, in total agreement.
I smiled back. This was wonderful and almost unbelievable. I had found a friend!

It was black. Pitch black. The type of total darkness that comes only after midnight. But out of the eerie blackness, a long, low scream echoed through the air. Suddenly, a hideous skull-like face appeared out of the night. Attached to it was the fat, pudgy body of an old lady who looked like she'd eaten way too many chocolates over the years. She was carrying a rolling pin, and swinging it back and forth like it was a battle ax.
Another old lady suddenly appeared at her side. She had a face like a rhinoceros, and her long hair streamed out behind her as if it was being blown by a strong wind, even though there was no wind at all. She was carrying a tiny little teaspoon, and would occasionally chop down with it as if it was a weapon. The two waddled along with silly smiles on their cruel faces, looking for someone to kill.
Out of the darkness in front of them a man appeared. He was wearing greasy overalls, and had a mournful looking face like he'd just eaten a dozen sour pickles. He was swinging a pair of pliers like it was a sword. At his side appeared a bald old guy in a business suit, who kept plucking pencils out of his hairless head and throwing them all over. He threw one at the rhino-lady, hitting her on the back of the hand which was carrying the teaspoon.
With a screech that sounded like Styrofoam being shredded, the rhino-lady leaped at the bald man, and started beating on him with her teaspoon. With each blow a dent appeared in his body. The dude with the pliers tried to fight the rhino-lady, but then the skull-faced fat lady raced in swinging her rolling pin. After that, everyone was hitting everyone and screaming and howling so loud, it sounded like it would wake the dead. 
It apparently did, since suddenly a vampire popped out of nowhere, his teeth streaming blood. He looked just like Mr. Coagulate! His eyes looked over toward me and pierced me like icicles. With a screech that curdled my blood, he simply pointed toward me while turning to look at the weird people still fighting and screaming at each other. The instant they looked up and saw me they turned and charged, their former fight with each other forgotten. They were yelling and screaming as if I had just dropped a piece of pie they intended to eat on the floor. Then Mr. Coagulate raced toward me as well with his mouth wide open, his massive fangs looming larger and larger, getting ready to bite----
And then I woke up. I was sweating profusely, and felt like someone had just dumped a bucket of saltwater all over me. What a horrible nightmare! I sat up in bed, taking instant comfort in the familiar shadows of my own bedroom. When I was younger those shadows used to scare me, since I thought each one represented a different monster. Now they looked like familiar old friends, who came to comfort me every time I had a weird dream.
My hands were shaking as I got out of bed and crossed over to the window. The moon was nearly full, and cast an unearthly light across our front lawn. Looking up, I saw a few dark shapes fly in front of the bright moon where it sat like a white pizza in the sky. At first I thought they were birds, but then realized they must be bats. Several of them seemed to be swirling and turning in a circle above my house. Suddenly the quiet peacefulness of the moon-soaked world didn't seem quite so peaceful.
I quickly pulled the blinds closed with a jerk. Making my way back to my bed in the now total darkness, I mumbled under my breath, "Whatever happened to my old Tweety Bird nightlight?"
A small screech at the window made me cover the remaining distance to my bed in a single leap. I lay huddled under the covers, wondering over and over what the tiny screech was. Was I just imagining things, or could it be the screech of a vampire bat, angry and frustrated that he couldn't get in?

CHAPTER 5 - A Game of Cat and Mouse
The next day I walked into math class with big circles under my eyes. After the weird dream and screeching noise at the window the night before, I'd hardly slept at all. After awhile I'd tried calling out "Mr. Marlin? Mr. Snulkbarf?" hoping that his bearded face might appear from the light fixture or the lamp, or the dirty socks lying on the floor. Of course I knew it was ridiculous to call him, since he didn't exist anyway. This was confirmed by the fact that he didn't answer.
Now as I took my desk at school, I looked for all the world like a half dead zombie. "You don't look too good," said Norman, as he stared with concern into my pinched face. "What happened?"
"What do you mean?" Poindexter rudely interrupted from where he sat on the other side of my desk. "He always looks like that when he takes time to think what a pathetic looser he is!"
I scowled, color coming into my otherwise white face. Poindexter just couldn't leave me alone, the lout! I was about to turn on him and saying something rash that I'd be sure to regret when the bell rang. Mr. Coagulate rose slowly from his seat as if rising out of a coffin.
"Please hand in your homework," he said in a raspy voice. With a rustle of paper, everyone in the class yanked out their homework from their backpack and handed it forward. I did so with considerable dread. I'd only finished half the problems, and I was pretty sure the ones I did do were wrong.
"Today, dear class, we shall resume our rousing discussion of solving equations with one unknown variable." He turned toward the blackboard.
At that precise moment, a hideous howl filled the air, making the collective hair on the back of all our heads rise straight up on end. Looking around as if our heads were all controlled with one lever, we saw a mangy, jet black, evil looking cat growling at us from its perch on top of an empty desk at the back of the classroom.
"Now, I wonder how that cat got in here," said Mr. Coagulate in a voice that didn't sound surprised at all. "I hope he doesn't happen to see those mice in the opposite corner, or there's no telling what he'll do in trying to catch them!"
Once again, the entire class-full of heads turned as one to stare at the opposite corner. And sure enough, trembling on the floor, where none of us had ever seen a mouse before, stood two terrified mice!
Several of the girls screamed, although whether it was because of the mice, the cat or Mr. Coagulate was hard to tell. Most of the rest of us just stared at the mice with wide, unblinking eyes. Poindexter just smiled, waiting for the fun to begin.
With an ear piercing squeal that sounded more like a pig being stepped on than a cat, the black animal shot across the room. He jumped from desk to desk while slashing the air with his razor sharp claws. Kids fell on the floor, screamed, jumped or threw up in an effort to get out of his way. A few of them screamed for a second time when his claws sunk into their bare flesh.
But by the time the cat reached the corner, the mice were no longer there. They'd scurried under Mr. Coagulate's desk. Meanwhile, Mr. Coagulate walked calmly over to the door, blocking the kids who were trying to escape the frenzied cat and his claws by darting out into the halls. "Now, now," he said in an incredibly calm voice. "There's no need to become hysterical and go running out of the classroom. Why don't some of you try to catch the nice little kitty?"
The 'nice little kitty' already had a healthy dose of student's blood splashed all over his claws. When the mice darted out from under Mr. Coagulate's desk and made a break for the back of the room, the cat naturally followed. His racing form made the kids part like the waters of the Red Sea, but some of them were not quite fast enough. They stared in wonder at the bloody scratches that suddenly appeared on their arms and legs.
"Such a dull day in class," said a voice with a yawn from somewhere in front of me. Looking down, I was startled to see Mr. Marlin's beard stretching down from the greyish wad of gum stuck on the back of the seat in front of mine. His eyes were at the top of the disgusting gum mass, blinking happily at me.
"Where have you been?" I blurted. "Why didn't you come when I called for you last night? And how can you be here at all, since you don't exist?"
Mr. Marlin ignored me. An odd gleam had come into his gummy eyes. "How about if we help out those poor, innocent mice? With a little shake of my wand"--and at this, a tiny stick that looked sort of like a pencil popped out of the gum mass and started swinging around--"I can send them outside and put you and I in their place. Won't that be fun?"
I stared at him, appalled. He couldn't be serious! It's true that in the impossible dream I'd had when he was my science teacher, he'd changed us into roaches and earthworms. But being changed into such creatures was clearly impossible. And even if it wasn't, he simply wouldn't dream of changing us into mice now, would he?
Apparently he would. He waved his pencil wand and the image of gummy Mr. Marlin suddenly swam before my eyes as if blurred by a swiftly moving stream of invisible water. Then I felt as if my armpits were being sucked backwards through my toes.
And suddenly I found myself only two inches tall, cowering on top of a moldy apple core under the table at the back of the room, while the massive black cat raced toward me with hatred in its eyes.
"Isn't this grand?" called Mr. Marlin's voice next to me. Turning, I saw that his mouse figure still had a grey beard, and his tiny mouse paw still held onto the little pencil wand.
His nose twitched spasmodically, making his mousy whiskers brush against mine. "I dare say, unless we do something soon, we're about to be eaten!"
With a scream of horror, I leapt off the moldy apple core and tore across the room. I had never known that either I or a mouse could move that fast. My grey paws were a blur, while my mousy heartbeat raced at 1,000 beats a minute. I could hear the cat howling and screeching behind me. I didn't know where Mr. Marlin was, nor did I care.  
This was clearly impossible! Probably, I had just dozed off in class and was having another dream. But just in case it was real, I figured I'd better run.
Seeing the strap of a backpack hanging down from a desk, I made a desperate leap and grabbed the end of it. The momentum of my racing in front the cat swung me far up into the air, holding onto the strap for dear life. Looking down, it seemed as if everything had reverted to slow motion. I saw the cat pass beneath me, trying vainly to slow itself down in order to leap for the strap and sink its fangs into my tiny, mousy body. Looking up, I saw an excited Mr. Coagulate, having locked the door so no students could escape, now dashing around the room sniffing hopefully each bloody cut of each student he met. I saw Poindexter still sitting calmly at his desk, who was the only one in the class who was not yelling and screaming his head off while running mindlessly in circles to avoid the cat. 
And last of all, I saw Mr. Marlin's mousy form on top of the desk next to me. He was chewing on a bit of cheese he had stolen from the lunch in some kid's backpack. "Cheddar!" he said as my upward swing reached its height, and I started to swing back down again. "You should try some!"
When the strap reached the floor I let go, letting the speed of the swing propel me at amazing velocity back toward the apple core under the table that I had started from. The cat was close behind me. He was apparently leaping from student to student, since I heard many cry out, "HE SCRATCHED ME!" or "LOOK AT ALL THIS BLOOD!" or "I'M GOING TO DIE!"
"I'm the only one who has the right to say THAT!" I grumbled as I plowed past the apple core and looked desperately for a hiding place at the back of the classroom. Seeing an open book bag, I dove into it. I nearly gagged the minute I was inside. Apparently whoever owned it used it to store his dirty gym socks. I could see several pair of the stinky things scattered all over the interior of the pack. Some of them were growing mold.
There was a heart-stopping growl behind me. Looking over my shoulder, my heart nearly did stop when I saw the head of the cat jammed into the bag, a mere two inches from my face! Darting desperately through the stinky socks I was greatly relieved to see a tiny hole at the back of the pack, just the right size for a scared little mouse like me to climb through. In no time I was standing outside the hole, my breath coming in ragged gasps.
"Well done," said Mr. Marlin, who had apparently been waiting on the other side of the hole to meet me. He was now holding a piece of bread in his mousy paws. "Unusual combination in this sandwich," he said. "Peanut butter and mustard. Not bad tasting, though."
The bag behind me suddenly came to startling life. The cat had succeeded at jamming its entire body into the bag, but since it no longer found me inside it was now trying to get out. However, it was not finding it easy, since the bag had partially closed on him and the moldy socks were getting in his way. The bag danced across the floor as if it was doing the polka with itself.
At this point, Poindexter calmly got up from his desk, pushed his way past several screaming kids, and reaching down took hold of the bag. Then just as calmly, he took two steps over to the window, popped up the lever to open it, and dropped the bag through it. He then closed the window and returned to his seat.
Wild cheers broke out in the classroom, and probably for the first time in his life, Poindexter was hailed as a hero rather than an angel of death. As for me, I was so overjoyed at his unexpected saving of my life that I resolved to give him my lunch for the next year without his needing to pound me to get it.
Mr. Coagulate however, did not look very happy. He glared maliciously at Poindexter while sniffing his way across the remaining cuts that he had not yet smelled. When he had finished sniffing, he glared even more. He obviously had not found what he was sniffing for.
"Sadly, all good things must come to an end," said Mr. Marlin from my left. He said it through a rather full mouth of sandwich. Then he waved his tiny pencil wand, and once more the world swam before my eyes.
And then I was back sitting at my desk, as if nothing had happened!
"Where did you go?" asked Norman, staring at me curiously. "I was looking all over for you, but couldn’t see you anywhere. I thought you must've figured a way to escape!" He had several cat scratches across his arms, some of which were bleeding profusely.
"Oh ..." I mumbled, "I just went to the back of the room."
"Boy, are you lucky!" whistled Norman. "I don't see a scratch on you!"
"I can change that!" said Poindexter with a sneer from my other side. "Although I'm better at causing bruises than scratches."
Even his sneer and his threats didn't overcome the gratitude I still felt at his saving my life. "Thanks!" I blurted at Poindexter. "Boy, am I glad you got that cat out of here! You saved my life!"
Poindexter's look of confusion was genuine. "Huh?" he muttered, his slow mind trying to figure whether I was making fun of him or being sincere. "What do you mean?"
"Oh, nothing much," I said hastily. "But you can have all of my lunch today." I yanked it out of my backpack and tossed it to him. "And you can have tomorrow's lunch too."
Poindexter looked at the lunch as if it must be poisoned. Then he looked back at me in total confusion, his usual meanness forgotten at this unexpected display of gratitude. He pounded his fist into the lunch, flattening it completely, just in case I had loaded it full of bugs.
"Ah, 'tis heartening to see the genuine appreciation of your fellow students at your gifts," said Mr. Marlin's voice from somewhere down near the floor. Looking down, I saw his beard extending from the back of Marty Tubble's ugly old sneaker, where the bottom had split off and was starting to peel back. Mr. Marlin's eyes were at the top back part of the sneaker. I noticed he had a clothespin in the nose that protruded beneath his eyes. Knowing how often Marty didn't wash his socks, I couldn't blame him.
"I have only one thing to say, after a morning class like this," said Mr. Marlin. Then he smiled at my frowning face. "The mothers of these students should pack more cheese and fewer sandwiches!"

CHAPTER 6 - Nearly Bitten!
It was lunch time at Millard Fillmore Middle School. Along with hordes of other yelling kids, I made my way through the halls toward what was commonly called 'the cesspool,' but which all the adults in the school charitably called 'the lunchroom.' The smells coming out of its doors were a bit more pungent and eye watering than usual today.
It was time for my routine of eating lunch on the back table where all the social outcasts sat. We usually just gobbled up the questionable contents of our lunch trays with little talk, since official nobodies like us didn't have much to say to each other.
Of course, today I was too preoccupied with the impossible things that were happening to pay much attention to the other outcasts. My dream science teacher was apparently real! And if he was real, that meant my dream must have been more than a dream--it must have been real too! But after the dream, when I had met Mr. Marlin (alias Mr. Snulkbarf) in the park, he had insisted that it all really was just a dream and was not real at all! But if that was true, how could he have even been there telling me that it was just a dream? Mr. Marlin simply couldn't be real--real people didn't show up as pencils or clocks, or turn people into mice! But of course, a wizard could do all those things, if he was a real wizard. But did wizards exist--were they real? The questions kept looping around and around in my mind, driving me crazy since I couldn't answer them.
"Hi, Blake!" said a cheerful voice behind me. Turning, I was surprised to see Norman coming up to me. "I didn't realize we had the same lunch period. This is great!"
"Yeah!" I agreed in pleased surprise. Maybe I wouldn't be joining the nobodies in the back after all.
"Wasn't that weird, with the cat in Mr. Coagulate's class this morning?" said Norman as we each grabbed a tray and headed for the serving line. "I still can't get over how you didn't get a scratch on you!" Norman's arms had red scratch lines all over them, where the blood had dried.
"Some of us were smart enough to get out of the way, and not get scratched," said a sudden voice to my left. Turning, I was surprised to see Darcy standing there, holding a tray of food. He must have just emerged from the end of the line.
He frowned at Norman, who frowned back in return. Weird. But Darcy was right about one thing--he didn't have any cat scratches on his arms like Norman did.
Darcy went off to eat (I noticed he sat next to Poindexter) while Norman and I kept going through the line. "That guy gives me the creeps!" said Norman. "So what if he didn't get scratched. He was so chicken he just ran whenever the cat came close. I was trying to stop the darn thing!"
Not knowing what to say, I merely nodded at the lunch lady holding a ladle full of mashed potatoes. She promptly slopped them all over my plate, getting half of them on top of the brownie I'd already put there.
"Say, what table do you normally eat at?" asked Norman. I wasn't about to admit any association with the social outcasts table in the back, so I just mumbled, "Oh, just anywhere."
Another lunch lady slopped some greenish jello on top of my mashed potatoes. As it wobbled back and forth I nearly dropped the tray when a bearded face with bulging, bushy eyes suddenly appeared inside the jello. One of the green eyes winked up at me. "My, what an attractively arranged meal your lunch ladies serve each day!" he garbled in a muffled voice that I could barely hear coming out of the jello. Before I had a chance to reply, another lunch lady plopped a piece of chicken on top of the jello. The face promptly disappeared.
"Let's sit over by the windows," suggested Norman as we emerged from the line. I didn't say anything, but simply followed. While we walked, I lifted up the piece of chicken to see if the face in the jello was still there. It wasn't.
"This looks good," said Norman setting down his tray where the sun from the windows made the age-old stains on the lunch table stand out with particular brilliance. He popped open his milk and took a swig. "What class do you have next?" he asked before wiping off his milk mustache.
Before I could answer, an annoyingly cheerful voice beside me whined, "Hi, Blake! Can we sit here?" Turning, I was horrified to see Mary Ellen Paul and her buckteethed friend Frieda Mult starting to sit down next to us, not waiting for an answer to their question.
Instantly, both Norman and I stood up. "Sorry, we just finished," we both said in unison.
"But you haven't taken a bite of anything on your tray!" objected Mary Ellen.
"That's why we're not sick like normal," chirped up Norman suddenly.  "We thought today we'd quit while we were ahead." Then we both grabbed up our trays and sauntered off to a nearby table, leaving Mary Ellen and Frieda frowning behind us.
"I wonder why she likes you so much?" said Norman. "It seems like she's always coming around."
"She has the same birthday as me--on Halloween," I replied with a sad shake of my head. "And once in kindergarten, before I had any sense, I shared a cookie with her. I've been paying for it ever since."
"Tough luck," said Norman. "It's things like that that can ruin a guy for life."
I nodded in agreement. For a moment we ate in silence. "So, why does Poindexter hate you so much?" asked Norman suddenly. "Seems like he's always going out of his way to make life hard for you."
"I don't know," I said blandly. "I think he's annoyed he has to breathe the same air as me," I said. "It's crazy I ever dreamed he was my friend." I shook my head, trying to jar loose all the questions about the dream that were still cluttering my brain. Had it been just a dream? Or was it real? But if it was real, why wasn't Poindexter still my friend? That PROVED it must have been just a dream, since he sure wasn't my friend now! But if it was just a dream, why did Mr. Marlin keep showing up--like he'd just done in my jello?
Norman looked at me sharply. "You dreamed Poindexter was your friend?" he said in amazement.
"Insane, huh?" I replied. "Just wishful thinking. Other than that one dream, any other dream I've ever had with him in it has been a nightmare."
"I dare say," said a sudden voice down by my feet. "Your shoes are untied!"
I looked quickly down to see who had spoken--and to see if my shoes were really untied. In that instant, I felt a rustle and a shadow pass over me, then heard an odd clicking sound. Looking up, I was astounded to see Mary Ellen's friend Frieda looking at me angrily. She had apparently just walked by on her way to get another milk.
"That was really weird!" said Norman, staring after Frieda. "She tried to bite you! On the neck! Only you'd ducked down just at the right time and your neck wasn't there, so her teeth just clicked together."
"What?" I said in amazement. "She tried to bite me?"
"Yeah!" he said, looking at her in wonder. "She was just walking by and leaned over toward your neck, and tried to bite! She had big, sharp teeth too--like a vampire's!"
My blood froze. A vampire!
"I daresay," said the voice down by my feet again, "it a lucky thing I pointed out how your shoes are untied, isn't it? But maybe your friend is wrong--maybe she was trying to give you a kiss instead, since you're such a handsome chap!"
Ducking my head down under the table, I saw the smiling, bearded face of Mr. Marlin staring at me from a disgusting piece of pizza that had been smashed into the floor beneath the table. He winked at me from an eye that was also an olive on the pizza. "Of course, you're not as handsome as me!" he said confidentially.
"Is she a vampire?" I whispered at him furiously, wondering if I should believe anything he said since I still wasn't sure if he was real.
The pizza face puckered up in deep thought. "Well, she doesn't have pasty white skin like Mr. Coagulate," said Mr. Marlin slowly. "Although I have heard that young vampires have normal looking skin. It's only when they get older that it turns white. Have you noticed whether she bleeds? Vampires can't bleed, you know, since they don't have any blood."
"Hey, what's going on down here?" said Norman suddenly, his head popping under the table to look around. 
"Oh, nothing!" I said in embarrassment, coming out from under the table. I tried to look calm and composed, and managed a weak smile. "I was just tying my shoes." Which was a lie, since my shoes were still untied.
But as I looked up, I noticed that Frieda was still frowning at me from across the lunch room. 
She'd tried to bite me! Looking close at her arms, I saw to my horror that there were no scratches at all. She'd been in Mr. Coagulate's class too, but she had no scratches! She was a vampire!

CHAPTER 7 - Some Very Strange Collections
After school, Norman was waiting outside the front doors to walk home with me again. To my surprise, Darcy was there too, and from the looks on their faces as I came up it was clear they liked each other about as much as an earthworm likes to go fishing. 
"Hey, Blake," said Norman, falling into step beside me as I came up to them. To my surprise, Darcy started walking too, on my other side.
"Hi, guys," I said, looking curiously at first one, then the other. They were both trying very hard not to notice each other. "What gives?" I asked finally. "I don't mind if you both want to walk home with me, but you seem kind of mad at each other."
Norman just grunted. Darcy suddenly blurted, "I just don't like him." 
Norman turned on him hotly. "YOU'RE the one not to be liked!" he yelled. "Trying to be all friendly with Blake now, after what you were saying about him only a minute ago!" 
"I didn't say anything against him!" cried Darcy. "What are you talking about?" The two instantly squared off, facing each other with upraised fists.
"Hold on!" I called out in complete confusion. "What's this all about?" They both ignored me. There probably would have been a few teeth knocked out in front of the school if Poindexter hadn't picked that moment to come walking up.
"I'd put my money on Darcy," he said bluntly. I had to admit I probably agreed with him, since Norman was smaller and thinner. But before either of them could throw a punch, Poindexter grabbed Darcy's arm and said simply, "C'mon, let's go. Let Pukewater here figure out for himself what a worm he's got for a friend." He yanked Darcy's arm and practically dragged him away. NO ONE could say no to Poindexter.
"What was that all about?" I asked again as Norman and I started walking toward home.
"That Darcy!" said Norman angrily, kicking at a pebble with his shoe. "He called you a weasel, and said I shouldn't hang around you anymore!"
"A weasel?" I said in surprise. I'd been called many things at Millard Fillmore Middle School (especially by Poindexter and his friends), but never that one before. Not that I was too troubled by it, really. I'd been called a lot worse things than that!
"I think he must want your help with something, or maybe he just wants you to buy something of his. That's why he was trying to act all friendly the minute you came up," said Norman. "But he had nothing good to say before that. I told him to back off, and leave you alone."
"Thanks," I said, not sure what to think. At first, Darcy had seemed like an ok sort of guy. But it was obvious that he and Poindexter were friends, which instantly put us on opposite sides of the war zone.
"Did he want to fight you just because of me, or is there another reason he doesn't like you?" I asked curiously.
"I don't know," said Norman. "Maybe he's jealous because he found out I'm part Indian."
"You're an Indian?" I said excitedly. "Did you live on the reservation before coming here? What tribe are you from?" I'd always been fascinated with Indians. Truth was, I secretly wished I was one myself. I figured they knew how to sneak off and disappear whenever they felt like it.
"Paiute," said Norman simply. "And no, I've never lived on the reservation and don't even know much about my tribe. My Mom's only part Indian, and I've always lived with her. I can hardly remember my dad. He left when I was four."
"Gee, that's too bad," I said softly. There were lots of kids at my school with single parents. But every time I met a new one, I couldn't help but feel grateful that both my parents were together. Even though they were kind of pudgy, had weird ideas, had no Indian blood in them and were downright annoying most of the time, at least they hadn't split up.
"You'll meet my Mom today," said Norman with a smile. "I told her to pick me up at your house in about 20 minutes. Your place is on the way to my dentist, and I've got an appointment. I hope your Mom doesn't mind if I wait at your place for a few minutes."
"She won't mind," I said with total conviction. She kept telling me to bring friends home, and never believed me when I said I didn't have any. She apparently thought friends just 'happened' to everyone, like paper cuts and zits.
"What did you think of Coagulate's class today?" asked Norman again with a smile. "I don't think I've ever seen so many scratches and so much blood!"
"That's for sure," I agreed. "It was weird how Mr. Coagulate kept running around sniffing everyone's scratches. The guy's off his rocker!"
"Maybe he really is a vampire!" laughed Norman. "He sure likes blood."
"But if was, he'd just want to bite people in the neck! Like Frieda tried to do to me at lunch," I replied. "No self respecting vampire would be content to just sniff blood. He'd want to drink it!"
"You seem to know a lot about vampires," said Norman.
"What's there to know?" I asked. "They drink blood and don't like stakes pounded through their hearts. They're just made up, anyway."
"Like wizards?" asked Norman unexpectedly. My head jerked around to look at him. Why had he asked that?
"Sure ..." I said slowly. "Just like wizards are made up. None of them are real." But even my own voice didn't sound like it believed it. It all came out flat and hollow. 
Once more, all the crazy, mixed-up thoughts I'd been having lately stumbled forward through my mind. It was becoming increasingly clear that Mr. Marlin was a real wizard, even though I had come to know him in a dream. And Mr. Marlin told me in class that my math teacher was a vampire! I'd kept trying to convince myself that Mr. Marlin was just a weird person in one of my dreams, but dream or no dream, there was no question he'd turned me into a mouse today. I'd nearly been eaten! And if he was real, then the dream must have been real, and Mr. Coagulate really was a vampire, and--
I shook my head as if to clear it from a fog. I'd have to think about all that nonsense later. It was just too much to handle right now, especially when I seemed to have discovered a new friend. For now at least, I just wanted to enjoy walking home with someone who seemed to care about me, which was far better than shuffling home alone like I normally did.
"So, why do you have to go to the dentist?" I asked. 
"I've got a cavity," said Norman, rolling his eyes. 
"Which tooth?" I asked curiously. I'd had a growing interest in dentistry ever since my Uncle Eddie bought himself a new sports car. He was a dentist, and was twice as rich as my Dad.
Norman just shook his head. "Just one of the top ones," he said dismissively.
"Aw, c'mon," I wheedled. "Show me."
Reluctantly, he briefly held up his lip with his fingers and pointed at one of his 'eye teeth,' that are usually sharp for most people. It was flat and dull, but I didn't see any cavity. "Right there," he said pointing. He closed his mouth with a snap after I'd only been able to look for a split second. "Too much soda, my Mom says. But I think it's from the weird stuff they serve at school lunch. Most of the food looks like it's made of acid, and will eat the enamel off your teeth."
"Boy, that's true," I agreed heartily. "One day I took my lunch outside and gave some of it to a hungry looking bird. Next thing I knew, he flopped over dead!"
Norman just laughed and socked me playfully in the arm. It sure was wonderful to have a friend!
We gabbed the whole way to my house about all kinds of stuff. Not the boring, silly things most adults talk about, but real important stuff like our favorite action movie, when the next big DS game was coming out, and what kinds of pizza toppings are best. When we reached my house and I introduced Norman as a friend, Mom grinned so big it looked like her face would crack. Maybe she'd started to believe what I'd been telling her about not having any friends.
Then I took Norman up to show him the stuff in my room. Unfortunately, I'd barely started showing my plastic grocery sack collection when his Mom arrived. What a shame. I had grocery sacks from over 1,000 different stores, and everyone who saw it agreed it was one of the most unusual collections they'd ever heard of. Norman had even started to look interested, too.
Our two Moms were chatting like old friends as Norman and I emerged from my room. She didn't look like an Indian at all, especially since her skin was very white. 
"Thanks so much for letting Norman come here," she was saying.
"Anytime," gushed my Mom, thrilled that I had finally taken her advice and brought a friend home. 
"All Norman's been able to talk about lately is his new friend Blake," said his Mom with a smile. "I think he's got a secret plan for a sleepover tomorrow night, since it's a Friday." I looked at Norman in surprise. He just smiled at me happily. This was unreal. I'd never been on a sleepover before. Tyson had invited me on one before, but we both knew it was just so he could beat me up all night, so I turned him down.
"That'd be fine," said Mom, apparently thrilled to be getting rid of me. "Now that we've met, I'm sure he'll be in good hands."
Norman smiled enormously. "Great! Tomorrow we can play video games all night and watch movies and eat popcorn and chips!" He smiled happily. "And then I can show you MY collection."
"Now, Norman, you don't need to go talking about that here," his mother said hastily. She suddenly looked around nervously as if she wanted to leave.
"Does Norman have an unusual collection?" my Mom asked politely. I noticed she didn't mention anything about my collection of plastic grocery sacks.
"I suppose," his Mom said with a sigh. Then she turned to go. "He collects coat hangers," she said in a low voice, as if she was embarrassed to admit it.
Mom and I just looked at each other and smiled. Finally--a collection as insane as mine!

CHAPTER 8 - The Flight of Two Bats
I was chasing a new and different plastic sack to add to my collection when it blew into a black tunnel that popped out of nowhere. Cautiously I entered. I had only taken two steps when there was a blood curdling scream from behind me. Turning wildly, I saw the hideous skull-like face of the pudgy old lady from my prior dream. She swung her rolling pin at me, narrowly missing my head as I ducked. 
I darted down the black tunnel to get away from her. She followed with a frenzied look in her eyes. "Come to me, my dearie!" she chirped in a surprisingly low voice. "Granny isn't going to hurt you!" She swung her rolling pin menacingly from side to side as she said this, and it was obvious she intended to bash my head in if she could.
"He's mine!" screeched a sudden voice like a breaking window behind me. Turning, I saw the other old lady from my dream, with the rhino face, long hair and teaspoon. She swung the teaspoon at me now, hitting me in the arm with a sting that was surprisingly painful. 
Another lady suddenly appeared out of the dark. With one hand she was steering a bicycle she was pedaling, while with the other hand she was pulling kleenex's out of a box as fast as she could. She threw the kleenex's at everything and everyone that came across her path. I noticed in horror that anything the kleenex's touched was instantly turned to dust.
"I've got to get out of here!" I cried, turning and running into the darkest part of the tunnel, which seemed to have expanded to be as big as a cave. But I suddenly ran into something hard, knocking me to the ground. Looking up, I saw a flabby-skinned old man towering above me. Right behind him was a vampire dressed all in black, blood dripping from the corners of his mouth. It was Mr. Coagulate!
The flabby old man I had run into yanked the disgusting grey dentures out of his mouth, then pulled back his arm to throw them at me like they were a grenade. I covered my face in terror--
--and then I woke up. My breath was coming in ragged gasps, and sweat was pouring off my face even though it was cool in my room.
Another horrible nightmare. I hadn't had bad dreams like this for years, ever since Dad took my nightlight away. Now I'd had them two nights in a row!
There was a sudden tap at the window of my room. My eyes darted there unwillingly, to see what had caused the noise. Fortunately it was not a bat. Instead, it was an ugly, brown old banana peel, walking around on two of its peeled legs. Mr. Marlin's grey beard flopped down from one of the peels, and his eyes were beckoning me from the top of the disgusting piece of banana garbage.
I quickly went to the window and opened it enough for him to climb in. "Good afternoon!" said Mr. Marlin, even though it was the middle of the night. "How nice of you to invite me in!" Before I could say anything in reply he waved his pencil wand, and suddenly I found myself outside my window, hanging onto the edge for dear life! My window was two floors up! My legs dangled helplessly in the air, with the ground twenty feet below.
"What's going on?" I screamed, swaying dangerously from the window as I spoke. "Are you trying to kill me? Why did you bring me out here? Or am I dreaming again?"
"I just thought you could use a bit of fresh air," said Mr. Marlin casually, who had also appeared on the outside of the window. He flopped on his banana peel legs over to where my hands were clutching the windowsill. "And no, you are not dreaming." He then jabbed his pencil wand into my fingers, causing me to cry out. It felt like he was stabbing me with a needle!
"What are you doing?" I cried. "You'll make me fall!"
"Exactly!" cried Mr. Marlin, jabbing me again. And this time I fell.
I covered my eyes, sure I'd end up with a broken leg. But nothing happened. All I felt was the wind sailing past my ears, long past the time I should have crashed painfully into the ground.
"My, isn't it a lovely night for a flight?" said Mr. Marlin's annoyingly cheerful voice next to me.
I opened my eyes--and was astounded to see that I was soaring through the air far above the earth! 
"Yes, you've guessed correctly," said Mr. Marlin. "We are now bats. Vampire bats, to be exact, flying hundreds of feet over the countryside! And just in case you're wondering, vampire bats are not blind, which is why you can see, you see."
My stomach lurched. I had never been fond of heights. "This is crazy!" I cried into the wind. "I must be dreaming again!"
"If you were dreaming, would you feel this?" asked Mr. Marlin casually as he jabbed me with his needle sharp pencil wand once more.
"Ouch!" I cried. "Will you stop doing that?" I tried to veer away from him, but he just banked and followed me.
"Why did you have to turn us into vampire bats?" I cried angrily. "Wouldn't some other kind have been better?"
Mr. Marlin laughed heartily. "What kind could possibly be better? Especially since that is what I've brought you out here to tell you about. Vampires, I mean."
I turned my eyes toward Mr. Marlin. I couldn't see him clearly of course since bat eyes are no better than human eyes at night, but my bat radar confirmed that he was there, happily flapping his bat wings through the night beside me. Suddenly sensing a mosquito, I zipped slightly to the right and opened my mouth wide, swallowing it whole. "Yick!" I grumbled, even though to my new bat taste buds, the insect crunched and tasted pretty good. "I think I'm going to be sick!"
"You have no doubt began to wonder about vampires," said Mr. Marlin, who suddenly veered and swallowed a mosquito himself. "Especially since your math teacher happens to be one."
"You told me that before, in class," I said, closing my eyes to see if that would make this whole nightmare go away. It didn't. 
"Did I say that?" said Mr. Marlin, in a tone of complete surprise. "Ah, well, no matter. Of course, since you know he is a vampire, you also know that when he asked your class if anyone had recently had a dream about wizards, he was looking for you!" Mr. Marlin veered slightly to the left and gulped down three mosquitoes in a row.
"I figured that," I answered between crunching on another mosquito that tasted wonderful but was making me feel sick to my stomach. "But why?"
"Because he wants to find you, of course," said Mr. Marlin nonsensically. "He wants to use you in his army. You'd make a wonderful addition to his forces, you know, since you drank that wizard potion that made you so powerful."
I jerked around toward Mr. Marlin so fast, I nearly collided with him.
"I thought that was just a dream!" I screamed. "You're the one that insisted it was a dream, and that it never happened!"
"Indeed, it didn't happen, and yes, it really was just a dream," said Mr. Marlin confusingly. "In fact, if it wasn't a dream the vampires wouldn't have detected you. They only deal with dreams, you know. So if that whole episode had been real, they would have simply left you alone."
I floundered through the air, my heart racing. What was he talking about? How could it have only been a dream if HE was real? And now he was telling me that vampires were after me because of something I dreamed, that didn't happen? This was insane!
"No, this is not insane," said Mr. Marlin, as if he had read my mind. "The power of the wizard potion you drank was so great, it allowed you to force what happened to become a dream! But when you did that, you alerted the entire sandman and vampire world of your presence. That's where they live, you know. In dreams. And now they're after you."
"I don't get any of this! What's going on?" I cried, suddenly swallowing a fly that had appeared out of nowhere in front of me. It tasted even crunchier and better than the mosquitoes! But the thought of eating it also made me feel sicker.
Instead of giving me a straight answer, Mr. Marlin's voice suddenly took on the tone of a chant. In a bizarre, sing-song voice that reminded me of my pre-school teacher trying to teach her kids the alphabet, he babbled the following poem, while occasionally crunching on a mosquito:

From the heart of the stars came the stewards of light
Who danced briefly on earth (crunch), then left beings of sight

Sandmen of dreams, gnomes of the earth
Shifters of moonbeams, pixies of mirth (crunch)

Monsters of beauty, phantoms of thought
Mermaids of sea, dragons of naught

Bound to (crunch) service and the molding of hope
Of earth's mortals, struggling to cope

Governed half by Wizards, and half by Elves
They were left quite alone, but not by themselves

For one Steward of (crunch) Light remained as well
Their hearts to control, their story to tell.

"Isn't that a lovely poem?" gibbered Mr. Marlin. It was clear to me that he'd completely lost his senses. But I had to admit this weird poem sounded vaguely familiar. It seemed like I'd heard it somewhere before ...
And then with a rush, it came back to me. In my former dream, one day my science class had been looking through a wizard magazine that Mr. Marlin had been reading. This poem had been in the magazine!
"As this poem clearly states," said Mr. Marlin, "a certain highly advanced species called the 'Stewards of Light' visited this earth, long ago. They grew fond of the humans they found here, and left certain of their own creations to live here ever after as helpers for the humans. Among the various creatures, as the poem states, were 'sandmen of dreams.'"
"You mean there's other weird creatures on earth running around?" I asked in a panicked voice.
"Yes, just a mundane little group of trolls, werewolves, wizards, zombies and the like. Nothing to be concerned with--because tonight we're talking only of the sandmen."
"Zombies!" I fairly screamed. "Werewolves? Trolls? I'm not going to have to meet any of these horrible creatures am I?"
"All in good time, by boy," said Mr. Marlin casually. "But don't worry your thick little head about it. Our concern tonight is only with the sandmen."
"Sandmen?" I repeated dumbly. "Like the mythical sandman that makes kids fall asleep whenever he comes around? And what do sandmen have to do with vampires? None of this makes any sense!"
"Naturally!" agreed Mr. Marlin, as if he was glad to see that his own nonsense insanity had started to affect my feeble brain. "The sandmen are creatures of dreams. They were left here by the Stewards of Light to help this earth's poor mortals recover from the hardships and toil of their dreary lives by giving them rich, beautiful and wonderful dreams every night. Dreams that, for the sandmen, are more than mere dreams. Indeed, for sandmen, dreams are their reality, and what you humans call reality is for sandmen but a dream."
"You've lost your mind!" I cried rather rudely, trying to swerve around and head back home. But since it was dark and I couldn't see well, I had no idea where my house was. I crunched thoughtfully on a gnat as I tried vainly to figure out where I was.
"But, alas!" cried Mr. Marlin, between noisy crunches of a dragonfly he had snatched out of the night air, "a day came when some of the sandmen rebelled against their task of helping mortals with their dreams. Perhaps they were inspired by the one Steward of Light who stayed on earth--as the poem says--but who had become evil and corrupt himself. Perhaps they simply got tired of being good guys. Perhaps they ate some bad sand from a volcanic black-sand beach in Hawaii. Whatever the reason, they fell from grace, ceased being regular sandmen, and became what you mortals so quaintly call vampires."

CHAPTER 9 - The Ring
"Vampires are sandmen?" I cried, my feeble mind still stretching to understand what Mr. Marlin was saying. My batwings beat through the night, taking me aimlessly wherever the insects were thickest. Right now, Mr. Marlin and I were flitting batlike through a thick swarm of gnats. In my normal, human shape, the gnats would have annoyed me no end, buzzing in my ears, flying into my nostrils, and sticking in my hair. But as a bat, it was completely different. I felt like I'd just entered a large buffet restaurant, where I could eat and gorge on everything in sight.
Even though it still made my stomach queasy to know that I was eating bugs.
"Yes indeedy, vampires are sandmen," crunched Mr. Marlin through a mouthful of gnats. "Sandmen are creatures left on this world to help mortals with their dreams. Vampires are sandmen who've gone bad, who find joy in giving people nightmares. But the real world of the vampires and sandmen is still the world of dreams, while this waking world is but a dream to them. In addition to giving people nightmares, the vampires have found a way to enslave the humans for their own purposes in order to gain power."
"Why are you telling me all this?" I cried, nearly gagging on a large clump of half chewed gnats that slid down my throat and into my bat stomach. "Why do I have to even have anything to do with this? Why am I even here, changed into a bat, eating enough bugs to make me sick?"
"I heartily agree, that you are a most fortunate human!" said Mr. Marlin with annoying cheerfulness. "Isn't it wonderful, to have all these experiences? But I must say, you are not a typical human anymore, not since you drank that wizard potion and had that dream."
"That's what you keep saying!" I said through gritted bat teeth. "But I still don't understand any of this!"
"Ah," sighed Mr. Marlin happily, "it is such a joy to dispense knowledge when it is appreciated and understood." He whistled to himself happily. "But, now to confuse things a bit more, I will explain. When a vampire bites a human, the human is turned into that vampire's dream warrior. This has no effect on the human when he is awake and is going about his normal business. But when the human goes to sleep and enters the world of dreams--where the sandmen and vampires really live--the human becomes a tool for the vampire to use to fight the sandmen, and also the other vampires they don't like. The humans of course, don't realize they've been bitten and are being used. Like I said, during the day they go about their normal lives. But at night, when they think they are only dreaming, they are in fact fighting as a warrior for their vampire in the dream world, beating up on sandmen with whatever weapon they can get their hands on. The hope of the vampires is to use their human warriors to massacre their enemies and conquer all the other vampires and sandmen. It's something like a little kid wanting to become king of the playground. Their goal is to completely control the world of dreams. And of course, evil vampires would give anything to gain a particularly powerful human warrior for their cause, one that had a special power that enables him to fight more ferociously than anyone else ..."
Now I think I understood. Only I wished I didn't.
"What am I going to do?" I cried, while zipping in a zig-zap pattern to swallow half a dozen gnats at once.
"That is a bit of a problem," said Mr. Marlin rather thoughtfully. "Your greatest hope, of course, is simply to not be discovered. If Mr. Coagulate could smell your blood for even an instant, he would know who you are, and would make a meal of your neck and thereby enslave you into his dream army. Fortunately that hasn't happened yet. After all, he has six math classes at your school, and does not know which one you are in."
"But what if he finds me?" I cried frantically. "And what about Frieda! She tried to bite me today! Is she a vampire? How did she know I was the one with the dream?
"Ah, young love," said Mr. Marlin with a smile. "I still think she may have simply been trying to give you a peck on the cheek. But just assuming that she was trying to bite you, that could only be because she sniffed your blood and knew you were the one with the dream. Did she have a chance to smell your blood recently?"
I thought hard for a moment, while at the same time leaving my mouth open to snap up as many of the stupid gnats that didn't avoid my open mouth and bad breath. When had I seen Frieda recently? In the lunch room of course. But she already seemed to know about me then. I had met her after school with Norman one day too. And I had also met her in the park, on that first day I met Mr. Marlin again--
In the park! That was it! I'd been fingering my black eye, and it had been bleeding!
"Yes, she did smell my blood recently!" I said in horror. "That day I met you in the park!"
"Ah, then perhaps it isn't love after all," said Mr. Marlin sadly. "Having caught a whiff of your blood, she knows who you are. And she knows that if she can bite you, you will become her enslaved dream warrior for life, and must do her bidding when you dream at night!"
"This is horrible!" I cried. "There must be something I can do to get out of this mess!" 
"Bit of a stickler, isn't it?" asked Mr. Marlin. "I can describe the problem, but finding a solution is something else again ..."
With a sudden bump, I found myself back in my room, in human shape, standing next to my bed. The transition was so sudden that my legs felt like jelly, and I flopped helplessly onto the floor.
"Glad to see you adjust so well to your old self," said Mr. Marlin, who had now become the half-eaten Ritz cracker I had left on top of my dresser. His beard was flopping out of the part of the cracker I had taken a bite out of.
Turning, I stood with wobbling legs and came over to him. "What am I going to do?" I asked again, my face flushed and my stomach churning uncomfortably at the thought of having eaten all of those bugs. A sudden idea seized my mind, from the dream I'd had when Mr. Marlin was my science teacher. "The wizmarine corps!" I cried suddenly. "You said once they protect people! They can come help me, right?"
Mr. Marlin smiled, then said, "I'm afraid they're all busy fighting battles at the halls of Montezuma and the shores of Tripoli at present. Besides, they generally don't help someone who has a personal wizard assistant such as ME!"
"But what am I going to do?" I repeated insanely. "I don't want to get bitten by a vampire and become their dream warrior slave!" 
"I don't suppose that seems very attractive, does it?" said Mr. Marlin conversationally. "Maybe this ring will help."
Only then did I notice there was a small ring I had never seen before, sitting on my dresser next to the Ritz cracker. It was a dull bronze color, and looked like it was too small for any of my fingers.
"Go ahead," said Mr. Marlin encouragingly. "Try it on."
I picked up the ring, and sure enough it wouldn't fit on any of my fingers--except my pinkies. "I'll look silly if I wear this!" I said. "Besides, what will it do?"
"Protect you from vampires," said Mr. Marlin simply.
I looked at the ring critically as the light of the moon shone off it dully. I tried to twist it off my right pinky, but was surprised when it only got painfully tighter. 
"That's the tricky thing about this particular ring," said Mr. Marlin, almost as an afterthought. "If you twist it one way, it gets tighter. If you twist it the other way, it comes right off. One of the ways is clockwise and the other way is counterclockwise, but I can never seem to remember which is which."
I twisted the ring the other way, and it came right off. "Weird," I said, as I put it on my other pinky. "But like I said, I don't think I can wear this to school. What will the other kids think? Just imagine what Poindexter will say!"
"Ah, yes, your dear friend Poindexter may find the ring rather interesting. So I suppose you should just leave it home in your dresser drawer. After all, why would you need to be protected from having your blood sucked out by a vampire?"
I had taken the ring off and was about to set it on my dresser. Changing my mind, I slipped it back on my right pinky. "I suppose if I kind of cup my hand the right way, no one will really notice it anyway," I said casually.
"I suppose," said Mr. Marlin. Suddenly, the ring sparked a new image in my mind--of a disgusting old hair comb, full of dandruff flakes that he had given me in my former dream, to protect me from evil wizards. I had forced all memory of the horrible old thing from my mind, since one obviously couldn't receive real gifts in dreams. 
Now I opened my dresser drawer and rummaged through my socks and underwear. And sure enough, just where I'd hidden it under a pair of sweaty gym socks was the old comb! I'd completely forgotten it was there.
"Seems like I've seen that somewhere before," said Mr. Marlin with a yawn. "But no matter. Now, I would say it is time for some restful repose. Even a Ritz cracker needs his beauty sleep." Almost immediately his eyes closed and tiny snores came from the cracker, while his beard was blown back and forth from the breeze of his snoring.
I left the comb where it was and turned back to my bed. I got slowly under the covers. With all that had happened tonight, I didn't see how I could possibly drop off to sleep again. What Mr. Marlin had explained while we were bats seemed impossible--yet I knew instinctively that it was true.
I was being pursued by vampires! They wanted to bite me and turn me into their warrior in their dream army! The whole idea was crazy, of course. But because of the power of the wizard potion I had drunk--a power so great that I had forced what had happened to literally become a dream--I knew that any vampire who added me to his army would gain a very unwilling, but very powerful warrior indeed.

CHAPTER 10 - I'm Type O!
It was morning. Sun streamed through my window, teasing my eyelids to flip open. Jerking up in bed, I looked over at the Ritz cracker. The tiny beard was gone. Mr. Marlin was no longer there. 
"Wonderful to have a restful night's sleep with no worries, isn't it?" came an annoyingly cheerful voice from under my very ears. Jerking my head up, I twisted around and stared at my bed. And sure enough, there was Mr. Marlin, his beard drooping away from my pillow, while his eyes peered out from the top of it. Since my pillow had a pillowcase with the Star Wars face of Darth Vader on it, it looked like Vader had sprouted a grey beard from the bottom of his death mask, while Mr. Marlin's bloodshot eyes peered playfully from the top of Vader's helmet.
Everything Mr. Marlin had told me last night about vampires came rushing back into my mind. Without thinking, I punched the pillow, as I often did when I felt frustrated. Then I pulled back my fist in embarrassment and alarm. "Mr. Marlin, did I hurt you?"
"Not in the slightest!" came Mr. Marlin's pained voice from the death mask. One of his eyes was blinking rapidly. "Just a slight bruising of one of my eyes."
"I'm sorry!" I said, feeling completely mortified. "I didn't mean to hurt you. It's just that I felt kind of trapped and frustrated by all that's been happening lately, and what you told me last night. About my dream being a real dream even though it was also real. And about Mr. Coagulate trying to find me, and Frieda trying to bite me."
"It is rather exciting, isn't it?" said Mr. Marlin cheerfully. "Makes you glad to still have your own blood pumping through your veins, doesn't it!"
I involuntarily raised my fist to strike the pillow again. Fortunately, I caught myself in time. "Will you stop talking about blood?" I cried. I got dejectedly out of bed and looked at my clock. It was almost 8:00. In a little over an hour I'd be back in Mr. Coagulate's class, since math was my second period. What new trickery would he resort to today, to cut everyone in his class so he could sniff their blood?
"Come now, it isn't as bad as all that," said Mr. Marlin, still blinking his injured eye. "I'm sure there are worse things than having your blood sucked gurgling out of your neck by a thirsty vampire, after which they gloatingly add you to their dream army, and then you start decapitating all of their enemies in the world of dreams." He smiled sweetly. But I noticed he didn't describe anything that really was worse.
"I can't think of anything worse either," I finally said in a forlorn voice as I pulled on my pants. I was doomed.

"Class," droned Mr. Coagulate from the front of the room as he peered at us with his bloodless bloodshot eyes. "Before we begin our ongoing, enthralling discussion of solving equations with an unknown variable, we have a rare treat." He turned a benign smile on the school nurse Ms. Mangle, who stood smiling by his side. "Ms. Mangle has a small task to perform."
"That's right class!" said Ms. Mangle in that breathless, happy tone of voice she always got whenever she saw one of us students hurt or bleeding. "Today I am going to take a small sample of blood from all of you! We need to determine whether your blood is type 'O' or type 'A.' It's for our school records in case you're ever injured at school."
I shrunk down in my chair in shock. This could not be happening! Now there was simply no way to avoid Mr. Coagulate sniffing my blood! And once he knew who I was, how long would he wait to make the fatal bite? I looked wildly all over the room for Mr. Marlin, but I couldn't see his ugly beard sticking out anywhere.
"She should have been here yesterday!" muttered Norman on my left. "Most of us had plenty of blood to show her then, because of that cat! But now, she'll have to prick our finger or something to get the blood somehow!"
"As I'm sure you've all realized, I need to get a sample of your blood somehow!" said Ms. Mangle as if she'd heard what Norman said. "I assure you the process will not be overly painful, and will be very quick. I'll just use a needle to prick your fingers." She smiled at us in uncontrolled glee at the prospect of inflicting pain and trauma on such a large number of students at once.
I noticed some of the girls in the class swoon, and one of them passed out. She just flopped forward on her desk with a snort and lay there like she was dead. The girl next to her screamed. I noticed that Poindexter just smiled.
"I will start on the front row," said Ms. Mangle, pouncing on Geake's finger before he knew what hit him. He then had the stupidity to hold up his bloody finger for all of us to see. "Look!" he cried in a voice filled both with pain and fear. "I'm bleeding!"
Another three girls fainted, and several screamed. Mr. Coagulate's face looked like he was in heaven. Ms. Mangle looked like she was one of the happy angels there to meet him. "Next!" she called out, pouncing on the hapless girl sitting next to Geake. The girl's face turned white, and she bit her lip in pain. It didn't look like Ms. Mangle was worrying too much about making the process painless.
"Mr. Marlin!" I whispered desperately under my breath. "Where are you? What do I do? Mr. Marlin! Please help me!" There was no answer. Anxiously I twisted the ring he had given me, which I was wearing on my left pinky finger. I winced in pain as it tightened uncomfortably. I quickly twisted it back. Then I took out grandpa's pocket watch and began twirling it like an airplane propeller. 
Meanwhile, Ms. Mangle was swooping through the room like the angel of death. Mr. Coagulate followed her, happily sniffing at each sample of blood as it was taken. When Ms. Mangle reached the first girl who had fainted (who was still out cold), she didn't hesitate. She simply pricked her finger and drew the sample the same as anyone else.
As Ms. Mangle approached Norman on my left I heard him mutter, "I'm not going to let her stick me with a needle!" He rather viciously pulled at one of the scratch scabs on his arm from the cat's attack yesterday, causing it to bleed anew. 
Ms. Mangle looked disappointed as she reached him. She held a needle poised in her hand, ready to jab it into his finger. He just smiled at her and held up his bleeding scratch. Unhappily, she dabbed a bit of the blood onto the small sample holder she was carrying, then moved on to me.
I just stared up at her dumbly. I was done for. I could see Mr. Coagulate poised right behind her, looking at me in undisguised glee. In total defeat, I held up my finger. Best just to get it over with.
To my amazement, Ms. Mangle looked at me with the same disappointment she had shown with Norman. "My goodness, students!" she said. "There's no need to cut or prick yourselves. I assure you I can do it much more quickly and painlessly if you let me!"  I doubt if anyone in the class believed her.
I looked down at my hand to see what had caused her to say this, and was amazed to see a small spot of blood on the tip of my finger! How had that got there? My finger didn't hurt at all, and I hadn't touched a thing!
As Ms. Mangle dabbed the spot of blood onto her sample holder, I was appalled to see a tiny beard sprout out of the blood sample, and a pair of eyes pop out along the top of the red stain. "I'm type O!" yelled Mr. Marlin gleefully before Ms. Mangle put the sample away and moved on to the next student. 
Gratitude washed over me like a tidal wave. Mr. Marlin had been here after all! He had saved me! I noticed the same look of disappointment on Mr. Coagulate's face after sniffing my blood sample as all the others. Mr. Marlin had somehow made himself smell like normal blood. He had fooled the vampire!
Ms. Mangle had finished with Poindexter and moved on to Darcy who was sitting on the other side of him. I noticed with surprise that Darcy was sweating profusely, and seemed to be rather uncomfortable for some reason. He must be one who was squeamish about having his blood drawn.
But oddly enough, Darcy showed no fear of the needle, nor did he wince in pain when he was pricked. But what happened next was truly surprising.
"You're not bleeding!" said Ms. Mangle in confusion. "I've never seen anything like this before!" She pricked him again. Same result. I noticed that Mr. Coagulate wasn't even bothering to sniff, but was looking at Darcy with pure contempt.
And then with a shock, I understood. Darcy was a vampire! He wasn't bleeding because he had no blood! I gaped at him in horror. No wonder he had tried to befriend me! Perhaps, just like Frieda, he'd somehow known that I was the one who had the wizard dream, and was just waiting for the right moment to chomp down on my neck!
"Ms. Mangle," said Darcy in a strained voice. "I don't feel very good. Do you mind if I go to the office and call my folks, so I can go home. We can do this some other time."
Completely flustered, Ms. Mangle just nodded her head. Darcy slowly got up and shoved his books into his bag. When he looked at me I saw anger in his eyes! He knew that he'd been discovered! He knew that I now was aware of what he was!
"That was weird," said Norman in a low voice. "How could he not bleed?" I just shrugged my shoulders as if I was as mystified as he was. But in my mind, I was thanking my lucky stars that Norman had shown up when he did. If not, Darcy and I would probably have become friends. And if that had happened, then--
I just looked at Norman and smiled. "Boy, am I looking forward to the sleepover at your house tonight!" I gushed gratefully. 
"So am I!" said Norman, smiling. "We'll have pizza and play X box games until the sun comes up Saturday morning!"

CHAPTER 11 - The Sleepover
Norman and I were walking home from school. We were heading toward my house to get my stuff, before swinging over to his place for the sleepover.
"That was downright creepy, the way Ms. Mangle was happily jabbing everyone in class with a needle!" said Norman, shaking his head.
"She's always been like that," I agreed. "Sickness or pain makes her leap for joy. Last year when I showed her some spots on my arm and it turned out to be chicken pox, she acted like I'd given her a great big Christmas present!"
"And what about Darcy?" said Norman. "Did you see how he didn't bleed? I still can't figure that one out! Maybe he's not human! How could he not bleed?"
I was sorely tempted to tell him the reason why, but thought better of it. He'd probably only ask how I knew, and if I told him a wizard told me and that the wizard kept showing up as a piece of old gum, or smashed pizza, or an old shoe, he'd think my brain must have sprung a leak.
"Hi, Blake!" called out a sudden annoyingly cheerful voice behind us. Turning, we were disgusted to see Mary Ellen Paul and Frieda Mult bearing down on us like vultures about to feed on some road kill.
Panic gripped my heart as I stepped quickly behind Norman. Knowing what Frieda was, I wasn't about to let her take another chomp at my neck!
"What're you guys doing?" said Mary Ellen in her annoying, nasal voice. 
"Just minding our own business," snapped Norman. He was a true friend.
"Wanna play a kissing game?" said Mary Ellen unexpectedly. At our combined looks of mortified horror, she just smiled and said, "I knew you would--Frieda said so! Frieda and I will try to kiss you--unless you kiss us first!"
I was off down the street like a rocket. I knew that Frieda had something in mind other than kissing (although, as far as I was concerned, a kiss would have been just as bad).
Norman was right beside me. "This is insane!" he called out through ragged breaths. "She's flipped her wig! Maybe we ought to stop and just belt her a good one."
"It's tempting," I responded. "But we might not be able to do it quick enough!"
Mary Ellen and Frieda were right behind us. Glancing back, the gleam in Frieda's eye spurred me on to a new burst of speed. There was NO WAY I was going to let her catch me! Coach Henchy would have been proud to see me sprint at twice the speed I normally ran in his gym class.
Fortunately, my house sprang into view. In a matter of seconds we raced down the front walk and burst in the door, slamming it behind us.
"That was close!" said Norman, breathing hard. I took a peek out the window next to the door, and was gratified to see Mary Ellen and Frieda on our front walk, glaring angrily at the closed door.
"My goodness!" said Mom, coming up to see why the door had slammed. "What have you boys been running from?"
"Death!" I exclaimed without thinking.
Mom glanced out the window and saw the girls, then smiled. "I see," she said with a smile. Then she turned and left.
"We'd better not leave too quick," said Norman, glancing out the window to see if the girls were still there. "Just in case they hang around to ambush us, you know. I guess while we wait you can show me all the X box and Wii games you've got."
"Sorry," I said embarrassed. "My Mom got rid of all our game systems at the start of the school year. She thought they were degrading our minds. Luckily we still have our DS's though."
"Gee that's rough," said Norman sympathetically. Like all kids my age, he knew that being without game systems was kind of like being a mosquito that lost its ability to suck blood. Suddenly I grinned. "I know something we can do for about an hour, though." He looked at me curiously. "That's just enough time for me to finish showing you all of my plastic grocery sack collection!"
Norman smiled at me in an uncertain sort of way, then followed me to my room.

By the time we left my house, I'd had a chance to show a mildly interested Norman my entire collection of plastic grocery sacks. It took about an hour, and by then Mary Ellen and Frieda had thankfully disappeared. But we were still taking no chances. As we walked toward Norman's house we watched each bush and tree we came up to, trying to make sure Frieda and Mary Ellen weren't hiding in back of them waiting to pounce out on us. Fortunately, we didn't see them.
It only took us ten minutes to walk to Norman's place. As we turned onto his street, I tried to guess which of the houses would be his, based just on what I knew of him. Would it be the trim little house on the other side of the street with the mass of thorny rose bushes swarming with bees by the front door, to keep unwelcome visitors away? Or how about the place with the dying lawn and little kid's plastic toys strewn all over, where I could hear a woman yelling inside? Or would it be the place with the bright orange paint job and florescent pink shutters, and dozens of fake plastic flamingos walking all over the yard? 
It obviously couldn't be any of those places, since none of them fit with the personality of Norman or his mom. But when he headed up the walk of one of the other houses on the street, it was also not one I would have picked. 
It was old, and rather seedy looking. The gate was falling off, the front door was all scratched up, the paint on the siding was all chipped and faded, and shingles were falling off the roof. It was the sort of place most kids would say was haunted and most grownups would look at in embarrassment, and describe as a 'dump.'
In short, it looked like an absolutely awesome place! You could do whatever you wanted to it without causing any damage!
"One of the advantages of being poor and having no Dad is getting to live in places like this!" said Norman, as if he had read my mind. He pushed his way in the front door and called out, "Mom! I'm home!" I was gratified to see that the inside was pretty much as old and run-down as the outside, although Norman's Mom kept it neat and clean.
"How nice of you to come, Blake!" said his Mom as we came into the kitchen. The floor and cupboards were so old they looked like they came right out of a 1950s movie, but the smell was heavenly. "I just baked some cookies," she said with a smile. "Would you like to have some?"
She didn't need to ask twice. Norman and I had the plate of cookies wiped clean quicker than a roach can dart across a kitchen floor.
"So, what do you boys have planned for the rest of today?" she asked pleasantly. 
"Oh, nothing much," answered Norman. "Just a few endless games of X box and PS3. But first, I have something that I just HAVE to show Blake!"
His mom frowned. "Now, Norman, don't overdo it. Not everyone is as interested in coat hangers as you are."
Norman grinned in joy. "I've got over a thousand!" he said gleefully. "Including some from Bangledesh that have hair on them!"
His mom sighed, then turned to me. "I hope you don't mind," she said apologetically. 
"Oh, he won't mind!" said Norman quickly. "You should see the plastic grocery sack collection he showed me earlier!"
Norman's mom raised an eyebrow, then gave me a curious look. The thought of someone other than her son having such a stupid collection was evidently new to her.
But she caught on pretty fast. Suddenly she went over to the cupboard and started rummaging among some plastic bags she had stored there. "I might have a few here for your collection ..." she said.
I felt like I was in heaven.

It was getting late. After Norman showed me his coat hanger collection we started to play our way through his X box games. He had some good ones too, like 'Garbage Truck Races,' or 'Cafeteria Food Fight.' We had just started a game of 'Roach Invaders' when there was a knock at the door.
"Mom will get it," said Norman casually, as he maneuvered his roach across a kitchen floor with his controller. I followed with my roach. It reminded me of the time in my dream when Mr. Marlin had turned his entire science class into roaches.
Sensing movement behind us, we turned and were astounded to see Poindexter and Darcy standing there! "These boys said they had to see Blake," said Norman's mom. Then she went into the other room.
Norman and I just gaped up at them. Knowing that Darcy was a vampire made the skin crawl on the back of my neck. What on earth were they doing here?
"You need to go," said Poindexter bluntly, looking right at me. "It's not safe here." I just stared in return.
"Don's right," said Darcy, surprising me by referring to Poindexter by his first name. Everybody else at school just called him Poindexter (behind his back, they sometimes called him other things). "You could be in real trouble if you don't go now."
Norman got up, his eyes blazing. "What are you guys talking about?" he yelled. "And what makes you think you can just waltz in here and tell Blake to leave?"
"We didn't know Blake was having a sleepover here until now," said Poindexter, completely unmoved by Norman's anger. "We came over to warn him," he said coolly. "And to take him back with us."
I felt a chill go down my spine. I'd sooner walk barefoot through a lake full of piranhas than go with those two!
Norman was so mad he was speechless. He just pointed to the door. Then he yelled, "Mom! They're leaving!"
Poindexter looked at me. I was surprised to see something like worry in his eyes. For a fleeting second, it reminded me of my dream, where he had amazingly become my friend.
Once more, confused thoughts leaped into my mind. Mr. Marlin had made it clear that my dream was real, even though it was still a dream. That meant Poindexter had really become my friend! But if that was true why had he been beating up on me so bad ever since? None of it made any sense.
One thing I knew for sure was that Poindexter had belted me numerous times lately, giving me two black eyes. He was no friend, dream or no dream! 
Seeing my anger, Poindexter's worried look suddenly shifted to one of contempt. "Suit yourself, then," he said gruffly. Then he just shrugged his shoulders and headed for the door.
"You'll be sorry!" said Darcy, looking at me angrily.
"I doubt it," I answered curtly.
After they had gone, Norman paced the floor, unable to calm down. "How dare they come here and try to get you to leave!" he cried over and over. "Are they insane? What on earth makes them think you'd go with them? And just what is it that's unsafe here, anyway?"
I wasn't sure what to say. For that brief second, Poindexter's look had been so real! But why would I be in danger here? The whole idea was crazy!
Norman's mom came suddenly into the room carrying steaming mugs of hot chocolate. "I thought you boys might like this about now," she said with a smile.
I took my mug gratefully. Few things could settle a troubled mind like something good to put into the stomach. I took a healthy swig and it tasted heavenly.
The hot chocolate also helped calm Norman down. His tirade against Poindexter and Darcy gradually fizzled down to barely audible mumbling. Slowly he settled back into the roach game, using his controller to swerve his roach around the tables of students in a school cafeteria. I followed close on his heels with my roach, but without pushing too hard. I suddenly felt very sleepy.
"You know," said a sudden voice from somewhere near my hand, "there's a curious thing about vampires." Looking down, I saw Mr. Marlin's beard flowing down from my mug of hot chocolate, while his bushy eyebrows hovered over his eyes which were perched right below the lip of the cup.
"Vampires believe that the best time to bite their victims is late at night, when they're sleepy," he said with a happy smile. "That's the time they want them to join their war. And most victims are too tired to resist very strongly at that time, anyway."
"Huh?" I mumbled dumbly, hardly comprehending. What was he talking about?
"Of course, some vampires like to help their victims along the road to slumber, by slipping them some kind of sleeping drug," said Mr. Marlin with a knowing wink. "Most people won't refuse a cup of some pleasant beverage in the late evening. Especially if the vampire has done his job well of preparing his victim, leading him to believe that he is perfectly safe and that there are no vampires about."
I shook my head, my mind suddenly feeling very foggy. "What are you saying?" I mumbled incoherently. 
"Only one thing," said Mr. Marlin with a joyous smile. "After all the preparation my good friend Norman and I have put you through, it's time." He paused for dramatic effect. "It's time for you to be bitten!"

CHAPTER 12 - A Bite on the Neck
I stared at my Mr. Marlin mug as if it had just yelled a profanity at me. "Be bitten?" I repeated stupidly. "By what?"
"By a vampire, of course," said Mr. Marlin. "Your good friend Norman!"
My sluggish mind tried in vain to wrap itself around what he had just said. I felt so tired! It was all I could do to keep my eyes open.
Rolling my half closed eyes around, I was astounded to see that Norman had turned off the game and was now hovering over me. There was an odd gleam in his eyes as he opened his mouth to reveal razor sharp teeth! 
"Impossible!" I mumbled in horror. "He showed me his teeth before he went to the dentist, and they were dull!"
"A mere illusion, used to trick you," said the mug Mr. Marlin. "That was an image of fake teeth he showed you. As you recall, he only let you look at them for a second. If you had looked longer, you would have realized they were all two dimensional. It was just a picture of teeth he had put into the side of his mouth!"
"No!" I stammered, trying to rise from the bean bag I had been reclining in. "It can't be. Norman isn't a vampire. Darcy's the vampire! He's the one that wouldn't bleed!"
"Correction," said the mug Mr. Marlin smugly. "Darcy is a sandman--he never turned bad, and therefore never became a vampire. You can tell the difference by hair color. His hair is still blond, unlike Norman's which turned black the instant he bit his first victim and become a vampire. But as far as bleeding is concerned, both sandmen and vampires don't bleed."
"But I saw scratches on Norman's arms that day the cat was in class!" I cried. "The scratches were all bloody!"
"Another illusion," said the mug Mr. Marlin. "You never saw the cat actually scratch him, did you? And the next day when he opened the one scratch to make it bleed again, it was a fake wound. All of his scratches on both days were carefully prepared in advance."
"NO!" I staggered to my feet. Norman had also stood up and was gazing intently at me. He had a wild look of hunger in his eyes. "You're so pathetic!" he said in a cruel whisper. "Fooling you was amazingly easy! Just like Mr. Marlin said it would be!"
"NO!" I cried at the top of my lungs. "This can't be happening!"
Suddenly I looked down at the mug. "And you! You were in league with him all the time? But why?"
"To regain some of my fallen grace, I suppose," said Mr. Marlin cheerfully. "After you outsmarted the wizards with that potion, they banished me from all wizard councils! It was MY potion that failed to work, after all. So I've turned to other creatures to try to redeem myself. If I can get a vampire to put in the right word for me, I can be re-instated in the wizard world!" Then he added as if in afterthought, "Oh, and if you're wondering why I pretended to be your type 'O' blood in class today--naturally I had to do it, since I didn't want Mr. Coagulate to bite you instead of Norman!"
I took a step back, wondering how far it was to the door. The sheer horror of what was happening had supercharged my otherwise sluggish brain, but I could tell that whatever drug had been put in the hot chocolate would not take long to win me over. Were Poindexter and Darcy still close by? Maybe they could help me! Why had I been such a fool to not listen to them? They had been right!
"Don't think your precious Darcy and Poindexter will help you," said Norman with a sneer. "They're long gone by now. Although they were right in their warning of danger."
With sudden fury I threw the mug at Norman, then turned to race toward the door. But the mug didn't even come close to hitting him, and my effort to run was sluggish and weak as if every muscle was moving in slow motion. As I approached the door, I stumbled and fell.
I rolled over and stared up at Norman and his Mom who were hovering over me. Both of them had savage, half-crazed looks of hunger in their eyes. "Bite him quick, Norm!" said his mother savagely. "While his blood is still boiling, and delicious!"
And that is just what Norman apparently intended to do! He had obviously taken no drug! He looked as awake as ever! He leaned down toward me, opening his mouth to again reveal that row of horrific, sharp teeth. "Sorry to do this to you," he said casually, in a voice that wasn't sorry at all. "You may be hopeless and clueless when you're awake, but in the world of dreams you'll be unbeatable. I need you in my army!"
I tried to lift my hands, but they were like lead. I groped around for a weapon to fling at him. I felt grandpa's watch in my pocket and tried to pull it out to fling in his face. But I couldn't seem to pull it free.
And then I felt the ring on my finger. The ring! It was supposed to protect against vampires! With every ounce of my strength, I slowly lifted my pinkie wearing the ring so that it was between me and Norman's teeth.
"Ah, the ring!" came Mr. Marlin's voice from somewhere across the room, where the mug was lying on the floor. "Wonderful little trick, wasn't it? I'm glad I thought to give it to you! Of course, it doesn't really protect against vampires at all!"
All was lost. Why had I thought the ring could protect me? It was given to me by that lying, Mr. Marlin! My hand fell, and as I saw Norman leaning down toward my neck, I closed my eyes in despair. I was defeated. I had failed.
A tingling sensation shot through my neck as he bit me. It was surprisingly not painful, but felt more like a tiny electric shock as if I had ran my tongue over the charged end of a battery.
And then I suddenly stood up! My strength had returned! I rounded on Norman, swinging a punch at his face. My fist went right through him!
"My boy, you've made the transformation," came the cheerful voice of Mr. Marlin behind me. Turning wildly, I saw him sitting casually on the couch. He wasn't a mug anymore, but was his full sized, regular, awful self.
"What do you mean?" I yelled wildly. "What transformation?"
"Look down," responded Mr. Marlin simply. Looking down, I was astounded to see ME lying there! My eyes were closed, and I had a goofy smile on my face as if I'd just eaten a delicious hunk of blueberry pie.
My eyes froze at the sight of myself lying there. "I don't understand," I said in a choked voice, still staring down at me.
"It's very simple, really," said Mr. Marlin. "The YOU that now feels so strong and is standing there shouting at me is in fact just a dream image. The real YOU is lying there on the floor, blissfully dreaming everything that is now happening. Your dream self will now go to battle with other dream humans, whose real selves are lying peacefully in their beds, also dreaming away!"
"That's insane!" I screamed. I leapt toward Mr. Marlin, trying to put my hands around his neck. But they went through him as if I had no hands at all.
"The vampire's only concern, of course, is that their bitten human NOT wake up during the battle!" continued Mr. Marlin, completely ignoring my attempt to attack him. "If the human wakes up, then everything that happened in the battle is lost, and the dream disappears as if it had never occurred. That is why vampires NEVER bite young mothers to make them part of their armies, since they are constantly woken up at night by their offspring. They mostly bite the elderly in rest homes, who sleep soundly most of the time. No doubt you've been seeing some of these elderly persons in your dreams lately?"
My stomach lurched as images of old ladies and old men leaped into my mind. The old, plump lady with the rolling pin! The sour faced lady chopping at everything with her teaspoon! The old geezer who tried to throw his dentures at me!
"Those dreams started to come because you've been associating with a vampire," said Mr. Marlin. Then he laughed good-naturedly, as if he was discussing the weather. "Yes, those elderly people are most amazing. As humans they are pathetic and helpless, but their dream images are powerful, amazing warriors. One of the best known among them who became a legend in vampire history--before her real human self died, bless her heart--was a little old lady from Tuscaloosa, who used a feather from her hat as her main weapon. She leveled armies of other dream humans, and also destroyed a large number of vampires and sandmen!"
I gaped down at my "real" self, lying contentedly on the floor. Norman was hovering protectively over me, obviously watching to make sure I didn't wake up. I noticed that his Mom unplugged their telephone and turned on a fan in the next room, to make a steady noise that would drown out street sounds. Then she went to watch at the front window in case Darcy and Poindexter came back, ready to quickly and quietly go outside and turn them back, or anyone else who came to the front door. 
Suddenly a wild thought took hold of me. Why couldn't I wake myself up? Then this whole nightmare would be over!
My dream self pounced on my real self, beating at my face with my fists. I screamed in my ear. I jumped up and down on my stomach. I tried to sink my teeth into my leg. But nothing I did made the slightest difference. My real self snoozed on peacefully, with that same goofy grin on its face.
"It's always been considered impossible for a dream image to wake its real self up," said Mr. Marlin casually. "Of course, Norman and his mother will continue to watch over you, so if it looks like something in the real world might wake you up, you will immediately be called back from the battle, and restored to yourself. That way all that you have accomplished in the battle will not be lost."
"Why are you telling me all this?!" I screamed at Mr. Marlin as I pounced on him and started pounding at him again, which had no effect on him at all. "And how can you even be here talking to me if I'm now dreaming?"
He just smiled sweetly. "Don't forget I'm a wizard! The Stewards of Light gave us the ability to visit the world of dreams, if we wanted. As for why I'm explaining all this, I suppose it's the old science teacher in me. I don't like to see any of my former students more confused or addled than they normally are."
"Come on, loser!" came the sudden commanding voice of Norman behind me. Looking around, I was astounded to see him standing before me--even though he was also hovering over my real self that was lying on the floor!
"It is rather confusing, isn't it?" said Mr. Marlin, rising from the couch. "You see before you the REAL Norman. The one watching over your real self is merely his dream image. Remember how I told you that for vampires and sandmen, their real selves are in the world of dreams, and their dream selves are in your reality?  It's all a bit backwards, isn't it?"
The real Norman grabbed my hand, and I was astonished that I could feel it. I hadn't felt Mr. Marlin or my real self at all when I tried to touch them. "It's time for you to go fight for me," said Norman firmly, yanking me after him.
I looked at him with half crazed eyes. "NO!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. "I will never fight for you!"
He just smiled, and pulled gently on my hand. My dream self came willingly. With every ounce of strength I possessed, I tried to pull back, to resist, to bring my fists up and pound Norman's face. But nothing I did made any difference. My fists didn't even move. He had complete control over me! I was his absolute puppet!
"Dreams are fascinating, aren't they?" said Mr. Marlin happily. "Isn't it interesting how sometimes you feel helpless in a dream, and are unable to control your own actions, or what happens?" He winked at me knowingly. 
And then with an astonishing pull from Norman, we flew out of his house.

CHAPTER 13 - The Dream Battlefield
With incredible speed, Norman dragged me from the shabby old house that his dream self lived in. We shot straight out through one of the walls as if it wasn't even there. Then, moving faster than a rocket, we charged out of town and across the countryside. 
"Where are you taking me?" I screamed in terror.
"To the dream battlefield, you nitwit!" said Norman with a sneer. "With you fighting for me, I can't lose! I'm going to slaughter every sandman and vampire I see tonight!"
Cities with lights passed beneath me faster than a heartbeat. Mountains came and went. Vast lakes sped underfoot as if they were tiny puddles. And then suddenly I felt myself slowing down as we came up on a huge desert landscape of pure sand, stretching for miles in all directions in one enormous waste.
"Behold!" came the voice of Mr. Marlin, who incredibly had traveled with us, and was off to the left. "The dream battlefield of the vampires!" Then in a conspiratorial tone, he added, "it's somewhere in Nevada, but the vampires never take time off to go out and gamble."
As I approached the 'battlefield,' I was astounded to see that it was swarming with people. Thousands upon thousands of them were surging here, there and everywhere, swinging the wildest assortment of weapons that could ever be imagined. The old warriors I'd seen in my recent nightmares were only the smallest sampling of what I now saw before me. Old men swung TV remote controls as if they were broadswords. Old ladies threw pieces of knitting, pillows and feather dusters at each other as if they were bombs. Other ladies wielded toasters, garbage pail lids and tubes of lipstick as if they were the deadliest things on earth (the garbage pail lids did smell rather deadly). Some old men were shooting at each other with scissors, shoe horns and hearing aids, as if they were machine guns and cannons. There was chaos everywhere as the bizarre weapons used by these warriors actually seemed to succeed at harming those they touched.
"Moving, isn't it?" said Mr. Marlin, wiping a tear from his eye. "Every one of these people is a dream image. And the REAL person for every one of them is currently dreaming all that is now taking place. But they are all being controlled by the vampires you see scattered across the battlefield."
And looking close, I saw that he was right. There were vampires everywhere. The old ones had pasty white skin like Mr. Coagulate. The younger ones all had black hair and looked almost normal, except for the blood streaming from their teeth and the wild look in their eyes. And each one had his own army of human dream warriors that he was controlling, pointing with his finger where he wanted them to attack. 
And then to my surprise, scattered on hills and behind battlements I saw others who looked similar to the vampires, and yet were completely different. They had blond hair! With a shock I realized that these must be the true sandmen, the ones who had not turned bad. There was no blood streaming from their teeth, nor was the skin of the old ones among them white and pasty looking. There was a peculiar yellow glow about them as they ducked and dodged, trying to avoid the human warriors that were constantly attacking them. And to my surprise, none of the sandmen had an army of human dream warriors surrounding them. Each one was completely alone, armed only with a simple round shield that looked somewhat like a dinner plate.
"Since the sandmen have not turned evil, they have not bitten and enslaved humans to be their warriors," said Mr. Marlin, off to my left. "But that means they have to do all the fighting and defending themselves. Fortunately for them, their greater purity gives them greater power. But they are not invulnerable. While the dream humans cannot die here--as you know, you can never be hurt in a dream--the vampires and sandmen are subject to real death if they are not careful. Whereas injured human warriors will merely fall into a state of dreamless slumber, the sandmen and vampires can truly die an agonizing death. Many have met a bitter end here, at the hands of a human warrior. Indeed, that is the goal of the vampires in this place--to completely destroy other vampires and sandmen!"
Norman had stopped at the outskirts of the vast battlefield. He turned now and looked at me. He didn't say a word, but simply pointed--just as he had done back at his house, when he pointed to Poindexter and Darcy to leave. Only now he was pointing at the battlefield, and it was plain what his intent was. And unlike all the other vampires in this place he had no other army. He had only me.
"No!" I screamed again in his face. "I will not fight for you!" Grinning cruelly, he simply continued to point. "I was always too weak to have an army of my own," he spat viciously. "Everyone thought I was too small and stupid to bite humans and enslave them. And the few I was able to bite were all old people, whose real self died soon after I bit them. Well, everyone will see differently tonight! They'll be sorry they ever laughed at me!"
Suddenly I felt myself starting to move. Unwillingly, fighting my progress every stop of the way, I was plunged into the heart of the battle. And for all the horror of the nightmares I had been having lately, I was completely unprepared for what now surrounded me.
The noise was deafening. Old men yelled with a sound louder than freight trains. Old ladies bellowed with a roar like jet engines. Weapons were flying through the air with incredible speed, often mowing whole rows of dream images down with a mere touch. Carnage was on every side, completely filling my vision.  The stench of death hung in the air like a fog.
And there I stood, unwillingly, almost unobserved at first, not making a sound, nor lifting a muscle.
Maybe that was the answer! Maybe I could just stand here and not fight, but let myself be mowed down! Mr. Marlin had said the worst that could happen to the humans here if they were touched by a weapon was to fall into a state of dreamless slumber. And in that condition, I couldn't fight for Norman! And since a human like me couldn't be hurt in a dream, I had nothing to worry about after all!
With some trepidation, but also with mounting hope, I looked around for another warrior's weapon that could touch me. I quickly saw an old man swinging a telephone cord in a wild arc around his head. It instantly knocked over everyone it touched into still forms, lying silently on the ground. I was somewhat fearful that I might get hurt, but was also determined to not be used by Norman to destroy others on this bizarre battlefield. I deliberately stepped in front of the swinging cord. It came toward me at lightning speed, and then--
--it passed harmlessly through me, without my feeling a thing.
"That potion you drank was indeed powerful, wasn't it?" said Mr. Marlin, who to my surprise was suddenly hovering over me in the air like a balloon. "It would appear that you alone have something that no one else here seems to have--complete immunity to any harm from any weapon that touches you! You are not a normal warrior."
The old man with the telephone cord was staring at me with wide eyes. Behind him, his vampire was staring with far wider ones. Then with a yell of sincere fear, both turned and fled from me as if I was death incarnate, come to destroy them.
"I won't fight!" I cried. "I refuse! Nothing can make me!" And even as I said this, I remembered--
--rising into the air above a hillside in Korea, being controlled by Mr. Hornsby, Mr. Marlin's 'boss' wizard. And then REFUSING to strike down the wizards who came tumbling out of the castle below me, REFUSING to attack them, REFUSING to use my power against them. And my refusals worked! No one could force me to do it! No one could make me harm anyone! As Mr. Marlin told me afterward, the power of the potion was so great it carried the seeds of its own destruction within it, in the form of my refusal to use the very power itself. And that refusal had worked!
"It's a pity this isn't quite like that battlefield in Korea," said Mr. Marlin casually as he unexpectedly took out a pipe and started to blow bubbles out of it. "Dreams are different, you know. No one can force you to do things when you're awake, as you were that day in Korea, although you forced it to become a dream in the end. But in a real dream like this, like I said before, you lack control over what you do, don't you?"
And even as he spoke, I noticed Norman pointing again. I found myself unwillingly pulling grandpa's watch out of my pocket. I started to swing it wildly over my head, moving it so fast it looked like the whirring blades of a helicopter. And then, completely against my will, I charged at a group of old ladies that were battling nearby. The instant my watch touched them, the ladies fell over like bowling pins. They then lay still as if they were dead.
Frantically I tried with all my power to stop the spinning watch. I dug in my heels, willing myself with all my strength to hold off from using it. But it was no use. Looking back, I could see Norman directing me, laughing and pointing where he wanted me to go, gesturing with his hands, guiding my every move. I was his puppet as surely as if he had strings attached to me.
"You are indeed, a powerful weapon," said Mr. Marlin, still blowing bubbles above me. "No one here has seen the likes of you before. You can't be harmed! Nothing can touch you! No attack on you will succeed! Do you know what that means for the vampire that controls you?"
Apparently the other vampires and sandmen in the field of battle did. Everywhere I looked I saw them scatter before me. With pitiful looks of sincere fear, they were running wildly to put as much distance between them and me as possible. And all the while, Norman casually moved me forward after them. For all their speed, mine was faster. And as I caught up with them, my watch began to mow them down like I was cutting the grass in front of my house.
"NO!" I screamed. "I can't do this! I won't! You can't make me!"
But Norman just laughed, and gleefully kept moving me. And in spite of all my protests, a widening swath of destruction swung in a wide arc all around me. Everywhere I turned, human dream forms, vampires and sandmen fell like they were so much dust before the wind.
And then suddenly I stopped. Facing me was none other than Mr. Coagulate, my hated vampire math teacher. And to my surprise he did not run from me as the others had. Rather, he reared back his head and began to laugh, a long vicious laugh that reeked of pure cruelty. And then he pointed to his left--
--to Mr. Harris, my old math teacher! He was standing in the battlefield looking alone, frightened and confused. "What IS this place?" I heard him cry. "How did I get here? What's going on?"
I'd had no great love for Mr. Harris, since he taught a school subject I disliked. But seeing him standing there so helpless, I felt a sudden wash of fear for him. "Mr. Harris!" I called as loudly as I could. Hearing my cry, he turned. The instant he saw me, his face radiated recognition and relief. "Blake!" he cried, reaching out to me. "Thank heavens there's someone here I know!" He started to come toward me--then stopped.
Mr. Coagulate had suddenly stepped in front of him. In his hand he held what looked like a simple math calculator. But somehow I instantly knew that this was no ordinary calculator. If he touched Mr. Harris with that thing, he would die.
Slowly, Mr. Coagulate stepped toward him, the calculator stretching toward his heart. And in the same instant, I leaped forward with a piercing scream echoing from my lips.

CHAPTER 14 - An Iron Neck
"Leave Mr. Harris alone!" I screamed at the top of my lungs. I swung grandpa's watch at Mr. Coagulate with all my might. And the instant it touched him, he simply vanished into thin air.
Suddenly the battlefield around me erupted into laughter. Looking up in total confusion, I saw the crowds of old human warriors pointing their waxy fingers at me scornfully while laughing their heads off. Even some of the ones I'd mowed down a minute ago suddenly stood up and started to laugh, some so hard that their dentures fell out. Only a minute ago, everyone had either been killed by me or were running from me in terror! What was going on?
Looking back, I saw Norman laughing so hard, he had to wipe tears of mirth from his eyes. "Thank you!" he said sincerely, when he had contained himself. "Thank you for believing in my fake images, and finally joining the battle!"
I looked up at Mr. Marlin, who was still blowing bubbles good naturedly above my head. "Dreams are odd, aren't they?" he said casually. "Have you ever had one that was normal? There's always something weird and unexpected about them, isn't there? And the unexpected thing here is that this whole battlefield was a fake! A sham! A mere nonexistent dream that would have stayed that way forever--as long as you resisted and didn't willingly join the fight!"
"But the minute you finally attacked in earnest to save the fake image of Mr. Harris, wanting to fight because of your own anger or fear--not because Norman was pulling the strings--then everything changed forever. Now the reality of this dream has truly begun. Your own act of anger has finally turned you into the tool Norman wanted you to be--a tool that wouldn't exist if not for your own acts! Now you will finally see the REAL battlefield! And this time he will REALLY control you!"
Even as Mr. Marlin spoke, the battlefield wavered before my eyes. And then suddenly it reappeared again. Only now the battlefield looked far more sinister and frightening than it had before. The stench of fear rose from the ground like a fog. I could smell something else in the air as well--it smelled like blood. And I noticed that when the human warriors around me fought, if they cut each other down the fallen warrior would do more than just slump over and lie still. They screamed in agony, and then exploded in a brilliant red flash of light.
Norman was pointing again, smiling gleefully. "None of the vampires in this real battlefield saw any of that silliness I just tricked you with!" he chortled. "They have no idea you can't be hurt! They don't know how deadly you are, so they'll naturally charge up and attack you without fear!"
Unwillingly I raised grandpa's watch and started to swing it once more. "No!" I cried, tears springing to my eyes. "I don't want to hurt anyone! I refuse to do this! I refuse!"
My protests were in vain. I began swinging grandpa's watch like a lasso. As I did so, it seemed to grow in my hands until it became impossibly large. Its chain was now almost 100 feet long, and the watch at the end of the chain was as big as I was. With the chain that long and the watch that big, I naturally cleared a wide swath around me on the battlefield. Old ladies and old men, vampires and sandmen alike, were dashed to pieces and exploded the instant the chain or watch touched them. And each one that exploded did so amid screams of pain and terror. Their cries were pitiful and made tears spring to my eyes. "I've got to stop!" I cried pleadingly up at Mr. Marlin. "Please help me know how to stop!"
He stopped blowing bubbles and just looked at me. It was hard to tell whether his eyes registered pity, or were simply stony and cold. He put his bubble pipe away, then started to wring his hands. "They say there's no way for a human warrior like you to stop," he responded in a voice so low it was hard to hear over the sounds of battle all around me. "The only effective way to do it would be for you to wake yourself up, and they say that's impossible." He kept wringing his hands while he looked intensely down at me.
A sudden cry from my left brought me back to reality. Or I should say, to unreality, since everything around me was a dream. To my surprise, I saw Frieda Mult dragging Mary Ellen Paul toward me. "Wanna play a kissing game?" said Frieda in a deep, man-like voice, her fangs dripping blood. Looking at Mary Ellen's neck, I was appalled to see two deep gouges there, oozing blood. Mary Ellen looked weakly up at me and sobbed. "Please help me!" she cried desperately. "Don't let her bite me again!" Her voice gurgled as she spoke.
"You should just go!" said a loud, familiar voice to my right. It was Darcy! Like all the other sandmen on the battlefield, he was bathed in a soft, yellow light, and wielded a single, small shield. He looked exhausted. "Leave!" he cried to me. "Go away from this place! Like I told you before!"
"I can't leave!" I cried in desperation, starting to swing grandpa's pocket watch again. "Norman is controlling me!"
"You should never have come!" said another voice behind Darcy. Stepping out behind him was none other than Poindexter! "If you'd listened to our warning, you wouldn't be trapped here! You really are just a bunch of Pukewater!"
I gaped wide eyed. Poindexter was no vampire! He was a human like me! Who had bitten him and brought him here? Was it Darcy?
As if in answer to my questions, Mr. Marlin spoke from where he drifted in the air above my head. "Your good friend Poindexter is in a somewhat unique position. He was also part of that little dream in Korea, and therefore became known to all the vampires and sandmen. But unlike you, he never forced what happened in Korea to become a dream. Although he apparently drank part of the potion in that dream too, he never used any of its power. When you forced what happened to become a mere dream--which was then solely your dream, not his--the vampires knew he had lost any power the potion may have given him. No one can gain power from something he drinks in someone else's dream! He has therefore not been a target of the vampires like you were, since he is no different from any other human. As for his being here now, out of concern for you Poindexter felt obligated to find his way here to this battlefield tonight, with Darcy's help and guidance, when his real self fell asleep."
I stared at Poindexter with bleary eyes. Out of concern for me? He had just called me pukewater! He hated me! Why would he want to help me?
Yet, even as I looked in his eyes, I saw a surprising reflection of worry, and even of fear. Confusion flowed through my mind. Poindexter cared? That was incredible! My dream about us becoming friends had been true after all!
I was suddenly distracted from this bizarre development when I saw Mr. Harris appear again. Mr. Coagulate was following after him with a look of pure glee in his eyes. I was horrified to see two red dots on Mr. Harris' neck. His eyes were glazed, but his jaw was set with a firm determination. Mr. Coagulate raised his arm and pointed at Darcy, and then Mr. Harris raced toward him swinging a ruler at him as if it was a battle ax.
My mind again reeled in confusion. A few minutes ago, Mr. Coagulate had tried to attack Mr. Harris with a calculator. Now Mr. Harris was his puppet warrior! But of course, what happened before was a mere illusion Norman had given me, to trick me into taking action and joining the battle. It was a fake. Why had I been so stupid to be tricked--Mr. Coagulate couldn't kill Mr. Harris or even hurt him in this dream world! The vampires wouldn't hurt their own warriors! 
My mind was struggling to cope with the reality of what I was experiencing. But in a way, that was part of the problem. What was real, and what wasn't? Was that really Mr. Harris? Were Poindexter or Mary Ellen Paul really even there? If I attacked, would everyone get up and start laughing at me again? In this dream world, was there such a thing as reality at all?
Darcy dodged Mr. Harris' ruler, then smashed Mr. Harris on the skull as hard as he could with his shield. The teacher fell limply to the ground. But Darcy didn't gloat over his victory, like other warriors on the battlefield. He hung his head in sadness, at having to injure even the dream image of a human he had come to earth to help and protect. He knew that Mr. Harris really wasn't hurt. He had just slipped into a state of dreamless slumber. 
It was the vampires that were the evil ones here--vampires like Mr. Coagulate! Even though I was just a dream image, I suddenly felt like the blood was boiling in my veins. Angrily, I turned toward Mr. Coagulate, swinging my watch. 
But then my boiling blood quickly simmered down. Even though I both hated and feared Mr. Coagulate, I still had no desire to hurt him. That just wasn't me. I was no killer, even of someone as disgusting as him. Indeed, that was how Norman had tricked me before--by getting me angry, so that I would join the fight in earnest. I was NOT going to do that again, no matter who I faced or what the consequences were.
But of course, none of that mattered now. Norman was completely controlling my every move, and I couldn't resist him. And I found myself unwillingly swinging grandpa's pocket watch at Mr. Coagulate with all my might. It struck him with such force that he could offer only a single groan before he fell. As he slumped forward he looked at me with hatred in his eyes. Then his eyes closed and he lay still.
"Wanna bite?" yelled Frieda, causing me to jerk my head around and stare. She was holding a limp Mary Ellen out toward me, whose neck now had two new, fresh bite marks. Then to my amazed horror, Mary Ellen suddenly ceased being limp and jumped up, racing toward me. Of course! She was Frieda's warrior! She threw a pickle brownie at me with all her strength. I dodged and it passed close by my head. Then she threw another and another, screaming at me at the top of her lungs. There was no question Frieda was controlling her, just as all the vampires were doing with their human bite victims, all over the battlefield.
Suddenly I felt myself swinging my pocket watch in Mary Ellen's direction. "NO!" I cried, looking up at Norman with pleading in my eyes. I didn't like Mary Ellen, but I didn't want to hurt her. But Norman just laughed at me, and kept pointing in her direction. Although I fought myself with all my willpower, I still swung the watch her way. When it hit, it sent Mary Ellen flying through the air with a scream loud enough to wake the dead. Then she fell limply to the ground.
"Time for a kiss!" cried Frieda as she stepped over the fallen Mary Ellen and plunged a dagger at my heart. It passed right through me with no effect at all. Then she looked up at me in wonder and terror as I swung the key chain with the watch. She was standing too close to make contact with the watch, but the chain literally mowed her down like she was a sack of potatoes.
"Stop, you moron!" cried Poindexter, charging at me. "Stop hurting everyone! You made yourself stop in Korea! Do it again!" He was roaring up toward me like a freight train, with a frenzied determination to stop my rampage by pounding my skull with his mighty fists (something he was good at, and had done to me many times in the past).
But his efforts were pointless. Although my eyes were smarting with tears and I found myself begging and screaming and pleading with Norman to stop, I swung the watch toward Poindexter and Darcy. Their eyes widened in pain and shock as the watch made contact. And then they both slumped to the ground.
I gaped in horror at the limp forms of Poindexter, Darcy, Mary Ellen, Mr. Coagulate and Frieda. I suddenly felt like throwing up. How could I have done this? I was no killer! I was just a stupid kid, who didn't want to hurt anyone!
Of course, Poindexter and Mary Ellen thankfully weren't dead, but just sleeping dreamlessly. But Darcy and Mr. Coagulate and Frieda were dead indeed.
I turned toward Norman in rage, striving with everything in me to swing the watch his way, to cut him down. He just laughed at me. His mother came up next to him and started laughing as well. It was a long, cruel laugh with no humor. I was their slave. "You moron!" cried Norman. "You're mine now! Mine to control! Mine to kill with!" Blood gushed from his mouth as he spoke.
"I've got to stop!" I screamed. "This isn't me! I can't do this!" I again looked up pleadingly at Mr. Marlin. "Please help me!" I cried. "How can I stop?"
"They say it isn't possible," he said simply, still wringing his hands. "No human dream warrior has ever woken themselves up while on the battlefield. No normal warrior could ever do that." He looked at me meaningfully while continuing to wring his hands.
No normal warrior. That sounded familiar. Hadn't he said just a minute ago that I was not a normal warrior--that I was different from every other human dream warrior that had ever fought in this place? But how could that help me? And why did he keep wringing his hands? I'd never seen him do that before.
Wringing his hands. Wringing. Wringing.
Of course! The ring! The one he gave me that night after we flew as vampire bats! If it turned one way, it would come off, but if it was turned the other way it would tighten painfully. Would the pain transfer to my real finger and wake me up?
Now that I thought about it, that was the way people always tested to see if they were dreaming in the movies--they always pinched themselves!
I looked stupidly down at the ring on my left pinkie. How could something so simple end all this insanity? Back at Norman's house, I had pounded my real self with my fists, and it had no effect. How could twisting that ring now on my dream finger make any difference?
But then a sudden thought plastered itself across my feeble mind. My meaningless attack had been on my real self, not my dream self. But here in the battlefield I had incredible power over other dream beings. If I could hurt other dream people, maybe I could hurt my dream ME too! In fact, maybe I was the only one here that could hurt my dream self, since no one else could. While I normally shied away from inflicting pain on myself, now it was obviously a necessity--at least to cause enough pain to wake myself up. 
But which way did I have to turn the stupid ring to make it tighten? Clockwise or counterclockwise? I couldn't remember.
A horde of fresh warriors were bearing down on me, gnashing their teeth at me and waving their bizarre weapons. I knew I didn't have much time before Norman pointed and commanded me to attack them with my watch. Almost in slow motion, I reached down and twisted the ring on my finger. A look of surprise and then realization and horror crossed Norman's face. But before he could react or do a thing, the ring tightened painfully on my finger, and--
--I suddenly found myself in Norman's living room, staring up into the terrified faces of him and his mother!
"You're awake!" he cried in anguish. "That's impossible! You can't be awake! No one can wake themselves up on the battlefield!"
"Quick!" screamed his mother. "Bite him again!" Then before Norman even had a chance to try, she dove towards my neck, opening her mouth wide.
But to my amazement, her razor sharp teeth glanced off my neck as if it was made of steel. Viciously, she lunged again and again at my neck until I heard one of her molars snap. With a scream that broke several nearby windows she yanked back, putting her hands to her mouth. "My tooth!" she cried. "My tooth! I'll die without my tooth!" Her face was a mask of terror. Then suddenly her eyes rolled up into her head and she slumped to the floor.
"Mom!" cried Norman in panic, leaning anxiously over her. "Mom, wake up! What's happened?" She remained stiff and silent. "Mom!" he cried again, shaking her roughly.
Then Norman rounded on me in rage. "What have you done to her!" he screamed. Before I could answer, he put his hands around my neck, squeezing with all his might. Nothing happened. I couldn't even feel his hands at all!
Then, resorting to vampire instinct, he lunged toward my neck to bite me. I staggered back, trying to avoid him. "I didn't mean to hurt your mom!" I cried. Images of all the people I had left lifeless on the battlefield flashed through my mind. "I didn't mean to hurt anyone!"
"You were supposed to kill all the sandmen!" screamed Norman, trying again and again to bite my neck. "You were supposed to mutilate and destroy them all, every last one! And to kill all the vampires that opposed me as well! You were supposed to make them all die in agony! I was to be ruler of the vampires! I was to be--"
His tooth snapped as it bit down frantically into the impossible iron hardness of my neck. With a howl of rage and pain, Norman staggered backward, clutching at his mouth. He looked down in shock at the broken tooth in his hands. Then his eyes rolled up into his head just like his mothers, and he fell to the floor where he lay very still.

CHAPTER 15 - An Unexpected Friendship
I stood trembling over the bodies of Norman and his mother. My legs felt like jello, and from the taste in my mouth I knew I was on the verge of throwing up. "I didn't mean to hurt you!" I cried again in a shrill voice, even though they obviously couldn't hear me. "I never wanted to hurt anyone!" The room was blurry as tears smarted across my eyes.
"Ah, but they wanted to hurt you," said a familiar voice behind me. Turning, I saw Mr. Marlin sitting calmly on the couch. He had his bubble pipe out again, and was blowing big soapy ones into the air.
"Yes, indeed, they wanted nothing more than to hurt you by using you to kill and destroy," he said casually. "And in the end, when you'd outlived your usefulness, they would have killed you too--your real self, that is, since they could never kill your dream self. They would have done it out of fear that otherwise you might somehow find a way to hurt them!"
"You!" I cried, leaping forward and snatching the bubble pipe out of his hand, trying to break it. Mr. Marlin laughed softly. "Wizard wands cannot be destroyed, you know," he said casually. "And that pipe at the moment is my wand."
I looked up at him with crazed eyes, then dropped the pipe and grabbed Mr. Marlin by the neck. In the process I popped several of his bubbles which were still floating in the air. "You were on THEIR side! You helped them trap me!"
"It appears that perhaps you do want to hurt someone after all," said Mr. Marlin in a gasping, strangled voice. "But I promise you I only did what I had to do. There was no other way to defeat them."
I stared at him in confusion. What was he saying now? Why was he always telling me something different from what he'd told me before? Just how much could I even trust him?
"I know you don't trust me," he gasped through his partly closed windpipe as if he had read my mind. "But I really was trying to protect you in all this. Remember, it was my wringing my hands and my little clue about how you are not a normal human that saved you."
He had a point there. Slowly I loosened my hands from his neck. "Thank you," he said in a kindly, gurgling tone as he slumped back onto the couch. "One never fully appreciates the ability to breathe until it is taken away from him."
I slumped down on the chair opposite from Mr. Marlin. My eyes were glazed and my head was spinning. "I don't understand any of this," I muttered stupidly.
"Of course not," agreed Mr. Marlin amiably. "How could you be expected to know that every vampire in the world would come charging after you, after you had that wizard dream? And how would you know that the only way you could defeat them and prevent them from pursuing you anymore was by using your own extraordinary power to wake yourself up while in their dream battlefield--which was the only thing you had the power to do, since they controlled your every other act while you were there. But naturally Norman made no effort to control what you did with your pinky finger, never imagining that you had the power to wake yourself up as you did."
I stared at him dumbly. "You knew all this, beforehand?" I said blankly.
"Of course!" said Mr. Marlin with a smile. "I knew the instant you overcame the wizards by turning everything into a dream that the vampires would be after you! And I knew that I had to act fast, to find a vampire who I could trick into working with me--one who was not too scary or powerful, like Mr. Coagulate. It had to be a small vampire, an often overlooked one, who would be so hungry for power he would fail to realize he was being duped all along by me!"
"You tricked Norman?" I asked in amazement.
"Yes, by offering YOU to him," replied Mr. Marlin. "He accepted without hesitation. So, unlike Mr. Coagulate and the others, he didn't have to try to sniff you out--he already knew who you were. He just needed to create the right setting to get the maximum use out of you. In short, he needed to have you over to his house--a truly run-down, vampire house, by the way--for a sleepover, where he could take total control of you without interruption. To do this, he had to become your friend."
"And you helped him, of course," I said blandly. "You knew all along what he was, but you didn't bother to tell me!"
"Sorry about that," said Mr. Marlin apologetically. "But I couldn't. Even a simple vampire like Norman would have known I was duping him if he perceived any pretense or hesitancy on your part. And at any rate, you HAD TO be bitten and enter into the vampire battlefield to defeat them. It was the only way. But I doubt you would have gone along with that very happily if you had known."
"You could have at least given me a few hints!" I exclaimed, rising to my feet again. "Do you know the agony I just went through?"
Mr. Marlin started wringing his hands again. And for the first time that night he looked truly remorseful. "I am indeed very sorry about that," he said contritely. "But I DID give you the ring which made all the difference. And I DID tell you that it would protect you against vampires. If I had said more, they would have detected me, and all would have been lost. You probably never would have defeated them then."
I looked back over at the bodies of Norman and his mother. Suddenly I put my hand up to my neck, feeling it. It had been like steel or iron when they tried to bite it. Now however, it felt like my normal, fleshy neck with an embarrassingly large Adam's apple. "How come they couldn't bite me again?" I asked, my hand shaking as I pulled it away from my neck.
"It was, again, the power of the potion," responded Mr. Marlin. "When you woke yourself up from the battlefield, you gained all power over the vampires. Nothing they try to do to you will ever work again. To be more specific, they can never bite you again. Like I said before, what you did was the only way to truly beat them. And now you have overcome them just like you overcame the wizards!"
I just stared at him blankly. Then the images of the carnage I had caused on the battlefield sprang back into my mind. "Darcy!" I suddenly cried. "Was he hurt? Did he die?"
"Not at all," said Mr. Marlin, starting to blow bubbles again. "Of course you DID actually kill Darcy and Frieda and Mr. Coagulate. And yes, Poindexter and Mr. Harris and Mary Ellen were injured on the battlefield and were sent into a state of dreamless slumber. But you undid all of that when you woke yourself up. None of it ever happened! It truly was just a dream!"
I stared at him, wondering if I could believe him. It almost seemed that he told me what he felt like saying, to suit whatever purpose he had at the time.
"If you don't believe me, look out the window," said Mr. Marlin conversationally. "Poindexter and Darcy are returning to this house right now! You can see for yourself that Darcy is alive and well."
Startled, I bungled over to the window, nearly tripping over the lifeless bodies of Norman and his mother as I did so. Sure enough, Poindexter and Darcy had rounded the corner and were coming up the street. Poindexter had that same look of determination about him that I had often seen before, right before he belted me.
"What are they coming here for?" I asked stupidly.
"To make sure you're all right, of course," said Mr. Marlin. "For all they know, it was something here at the house that woke you up and saved Darcy's life. They know nothing of how you saved yourself. So they naturally think that Norman and his mother are trying to bite you again--which they did indeed try, of course. Darcy and Poindexter are more determined than ever to pull you out this time, and are planning to use force if necessary."
A sudden odd question popped into my head. In curiosity I turned to Mr. Marlin. "Is what you said in the dream battlefield true? Did my forcing what happened in Korea into a dream really change Poindexter, so it was like he never drank any of the potion at all?"
Mr. Marlin smiled at me through a new bunch of bubbles he'd just blown, his face reflecting off their soapy surfaces. "I take that question as a very encouraging sign. You're concerned about him, aren't you? Worried that if he does retain some of the potion's power, he might be bitten too." He blew on his bubble pipe gently, causing more bubbles to drift in a stream out into the air. "Well, you needn't worry. What I told you before was true. When you used the power of the potion to force everything to become a dream, that did indeed wash out Poindexter's having gained anything from the potion at all. But that's not his only protection. He's not likely to be bitten by any self respecting vampire because his older brother often plays loud rock music without warning in the middle of the night, waking up the neighborhood. Vampires don't like victims who might be aroused unexpectedly at odd hours, as you recall."
The doorbell rang. Slowly I approached the door. I looked back at Mr. Marlin, suddenly afraid to open it. After all, most of my memories of Poindexter were of him as my sworn enemy, who liked nothing better than to pound on me. Even in the dream battlefield that's what he'd tried to do. Was he really concerned for me? Or was this all another trick?
"There's only one way to find out Poindexter's true intentions," said Mr. Marlin conversationally. "Why don't you open up and see?"
I opened the door. Without a word Poindexter pushed his way into the room and picked me right off the ground like a sack of potatoes. But as he turned to carry me out, he caught sight of Norman and his mother lying on the floor. He stopped so abruptly in shock that he let go of me, and I came crashing painfully to the ground. Darcy came up beside him to stare at the bodies on the floor.
"You're too late," said Mr. Marlin as he puffed more bubbles out of his pipe. "The battle has been fought and won."
Both of them turned to stare at Mr. Marlin and then at me with wide eyes. Looking back at Mr. Marlin, Poindexter asked, "How did YOU get here? And how did he ..." he began, pointing at me.
"It's all very simple, really," said Mr. Marlin. "I've been here all along, helping Blake. He was bitten by Norman and went to the dream battlefield where he was controlled by Norman and fought against other sandmen, vampires and their warriors. He flattened you and killed Darcy--as you might remember if you can recall what you were dreaming about earlier." Then he looked at Darcy meaningfully. "And as I'm sure Darcy remembers perfectly well."
Poindexter's face was screwed up an unnatural grimace of deep thought. He was obviously trying to recall what he had been dreaming earlier, but apparently without much success. But Darcy simply nodded his head. "That's what happened, all right," he said. "But then suddenly I woke up again on the battlefield, and Blake was gone! And I knew that meant Blake had been woken up in his world, for some reason, here in Norman's house, so I hadn't been killed after all."
"I am assuming, "said Mr. Marlin to Darcy, "that after you came to that realization, you had your dream self in this reality wake up Poindexter, who coincidentally was having a sleepover at your house. Then the two of you rushed over here to make sure Blake was safe, and to get him out of here before they made him go back to the battlefield where he could kill you again." Mr. Marlin nodded respectfully. "Very commendable. But as you can see, Blake once gain solved this problem on his own. It was no outside influence that woke him up and saved you. Rather, he became the first human to ever wake himself up on the vampire battlefield."
Darcy looked at me in wonder, his eyes opening wide. His gaze was so intense it made me drop my eyes to the floor self consciously. "That's impossible!" Darcy whispered in a hoarse voice. "It can't be done!"
"Nevertheless, it was done!" said Mr. Marlin cheerfully, blowing some bubbles toward a spider that was crawling on the wall. "Norman and his mother then tried to bite him again, but broke their teeth in the process, since Blake's neck is now immune from any vampire bites. And as you know, a dream vampire without his teeth cannot survive ..."
Poindexter just looked at me in wonder. "You did all that?" he asked in sincere amazement. I could feel my face going even more scarlet, and I didn't know what to say. "It was the power of that potion we drank," I said at last. "That's what allowed me to do it. You drank some of the potion too, you know. I thought they were after you as well, until Mr. Marlin explained that when I forced that whole Korea wizard thing to become a dream, that made it like you never drank any of it at all."
To my surprise, Poindexter suddenly cast his eyes down to the ground. "Yeah," he said slowly. "I guess your doing that saved me from vampires, even though it made them all run and try to find you." He paused, shifting uncomfortably from one foot to another. "Thanks," he whispered softly. I could tell he was struggling with something else in his mind. Finally he blurted, "Sorry I've been such a worm lately. I should have been more of a friend." He stared at the ground as if he had suddenly found it intensely interesting. 
I was genuinely shocked. Poindexter never apologized for anything! I just stood there, speechless. 
He looked up at me again, and I was amazed to see that his eyes were moist. "Truth is, I had that whole crazy dream about him"--he jabbed his finger at Mr. Marlin--" and you and I and a potion, and all that business about Korea. And it kind of scared me, so I didn't want it to be real. And I somehow knew you had the same dream. But I figured maybe if I beat up on you enough, I could make it go away, so it never happened." He looked down at the floor again.
Of course, what he said made perfect sense. If I could have somehow knocked the wizard dream out of myself by beating myself up, I would have done it without hesitation, until I was black and blue. 
Then I started to smile. This was wonderful and amazing! Poindexter really WAS my friend! He had come back tonight to protect me! I felt like a mouse that a cobra has been squeezing to death, and then is unexpectedly set free.
"That's ok, I guess," I mumbled at last. "I didn't want to believe that crazy dream myself." Then I looked down at Norman and his mother. "Can you believe this?" I asked. "All this insane vampire stuff?"
"I didn't at first, when Darcy told me," said Poindexter. "Fact is, I belted him a few times, and told him to leave me alone." That sounded like Poindexter, all right. And at the mention of being belted, I saw Darcy smile and rub his chin where he'd probably been socked. 
"But then one night," continued Poindexter, "in the middle of a dream, Darcy came to me and showed me a few things, and I knew he was telling the truth."
We just stood there then, not knowing what else to say. My mind was still in turmoil. Everything had happened so fast! Norman had been such a wonderful friend--and then I'd learned he was just planning to use me all along. Everything seemed backwards and weird, like it couldn't be real.  But those two bodies on the floor proved otherwise.
The bodies. Looking at them, I was startled to see that steam was starting to rise off them. I could hear a sizzling, crackling sound, and watched in horror as the bodies started to shrink and disappear right into the floor.
"I believe something like that happened in the movie 'The Wizard of Oz,'" said Mr. Marlin, completely unmoved by the sight. "Only it was the wicked witch being melted by a bucket of water."
"They're gone!" said Poindexter in amazement, moving the clothes they had left behind with his shoe. There was nothing inside the clothes at all.
"Correction," said Mr. Marlin, standing up from the couch and looking meaningfully at Darcy. "As your sandman friend will tell you, they were never here to begin with. That was just their dream image, while their real self--as with all vampires and sandmen--is in the dream world."
"But why would their dream self just disappear like that?" I asked, horror still gripping my stomach.
"Probably because they broke their teeth," said Mr. Marlin. "As I explained. Now they have no dream self in the human world at all, but their real self is in the vampire world of dreams."
I shuddered involuntarily. Poindexter looked over at me, then gave me what was intended to be a friendly punch on the arm. It nearly knocked me across the room.
"C'mon," he said gruffly. "Let's go." He took my arm and steered me toward the door. I looked back at Mr. Marlin. He just smiled and said amiably, "go on ahead. I think I'll check in the kitchen to see if any of those delicious cookies are left!" Then his feet, legs and body rolled up like a scroll, leaving only his bushy eyes and beard staring at me from the air. 
And then with a 'pop,' he was gone.

CHAPTER 16 - The Promise of Peaceful Dreams
The sun was shining merrily down on the park as I walked through it on my home from school. Nearly a week had passed since the impossible events at Norman's house and in the dream battlefield. In all that time I hadn't seen Mr. Marlin at all. 
My math class, on the other hand, had returned to boring normalcy. Mr. Coagulate had disappeared, of course. But Mr. Harris had made an amazing recovery from his 'neck problem,' and happily returned to bore us to death with quadratic equations. Other than complaining of having some bizarre dreams during his hospital stay, he seemed to be his normal old, dull self.
And of course, neither Norman nor Darcy were in the class any more. I figured that Darcy must have gone to wherever good sandmen go. But as for Norman ...
"Hi, Blake!" sang out an annoyingly cheerful voice behind me, bringing my mind back to the present. Turning, I saw Mary Ellen Paul bearing down on me like a bowling ball heading for some bowling pins. "Where's your pain-in-the neck friend, Norman?"
She'd sure described him accurately! "He moved," I said bluntly. "Where's your friend Frieda?"
"She moved too," said Mary Ellen with a shrug of her shoulders. "Isn't that weird? I liked her. Although I used to have the oddest dreams before she moved away."
"Really?" I said, raising an eyebrow. "What kinds of dreams?"
"Oh, just about this awful, smelly place where all these old people were trying to hurt each other with spoons and remote controls," she said with a grimace. "I even saw you there once, spinning that silly watch of yours on a chain!"
I tried to act mortified. "You mean you've been dreaming about me?" I asked in mock horror.
"Not normally," she said hastily. "I mean, why would I ever dream about YOU? But all those weird dreams have stopped now. Wanna come to my place and make hot dog cookies?"
My stomach lurched. "No thanks. I'm going over to Donny's house in an hour, to play some PS3."
She wrinkled up her nose. "I thought he was always giving you black eyes!"
"He got over it," I said. 
She shrugged. "Well, suit yourself." Then she minced away like a drunk bumblebee.
"I'd say any girl who dreams about you must be in love!" said a sudden voice behind me. I jumped and turned quickly around. Mr. Marlin was sitting casually on a park bench, holding a restaurant menu in his hands. All of the writing on it was in Chinese characters.
"You and I both know the real reason she dreamed about me!" I said, coming over to sit down. "The thing I can't figure out is why she and Mr. Harris suddenly are saying they don't have bad dreams anymore. Didn't Mr. Coagulate and Frieda bite them? And when I woke up from my dream, weren't they restored to life just like Darcy? So, aren't Mr. Harris and Mary Ellen still part of their armies?"
"True enough," said Mr. Marlin, turning the menu upside down to see if the Chinese characters made more sense that way. "But don't forget, they have one thing that no one else in Frieda's or Mr. Coagulate's army have."
Rather annoyingly, he didn't finish, but just looked at me in a knowing sort of way.
"What's that?" I asked at last, in exasperation. 
"They both know YOU!" said Mr. Marlin with a smile. "And I would daresay, after what happened last Friday night, no vampire in his right mind will want to come anywhere near you, or any of your friends, for fear of what you might do to them."
I screwed up my face in disgust. "Mary Ellen isn't a friend!" I spat. "She's an annoying leach, that's all."
"Ah, yes," said Mr. Marlin, turning the menu sideways and looking at it closely. "Young love! It's always so full of denial!"
I got up abruptly. There was way I was going to sit here and listen to such drivel. "Going to spend some time with your friend Poindexter, eh?" said Mr. Marlin, looking up over the menu.
"Yep," I replied. "We're going to try his new PS3 game--'Brainworms.' You get to be a worm and eat your way through people's brains!"
"Sounds educational," said Mr. Marlin with a smile. There was a moment of silence while I debated whether to ask the question that had been on my mind for days now. Finally I blurted, "So, is it over then? I won't have to deal with vampires ever again?"
He nodded at me. "I doubt you'll see another vampire darken your dreams anytime soon," he replied blandly. "Even the vampire bats are avoiding your house. You completely overcame them."
"And all that stuff you said about how you were in league with Norman because I ruined your reputation in the wizard world and you were trying to get back in their good graces--"
"--was complete nonsense," said Mr. Marlin. "That was my cover story for Norman. I am in as good standing as I ever was with the wizard community! I was never banished from any wizard councils."
I looked at him quizzically, wondering if he had ever been in good standing with them, or whether to even believe him at all. "So, I'm safe now, right?" I asked, voicing the greatest concern I'd been fighting. "I'm not going to have to deal with wizards or vampires or other weird creatures again, right?"
"I believe your battles with wizards and vampires are through," said Mr. Marlin curtly.
"Good!" I replied, turning to go.
"As for other creatures, I'm not so sure," his voice behind me said. "Especially considering who is going to be your new history teacher--"
Wildly, I swung around to confront him--and found that he wasn't there! The bench was completely empty. 
Well, almost empty. The Chinese menu was still sitting there. And I noticed that a strange entry was circled, which was the only one written in English rather than Chinese characters. It was entitled 'Roasted Sitting Duck, with Nuts.'
For a moment I simply stood there, gazing around the park with rather disturbed eyes. Finally, I turned and walked quickly away. I was going to just pretend that I hadn't heard that last part he said, or seen what he'd circled on the menu ...

Sneak Peak from book 3 of the Stewards of Light series - 
Chapter 1 of "My History Teacher is a Leprechaun"
Coming February, 2015!
MY HISTORY TEACHER IS A LEPRECHAUN
by Duane L. Ostler
CHAPTER 1 - George Washington's Dentures
It was the morning sun streaming through my window that woke me up. The warmth tickled my nose, while the brightness made me scrunch up my eyes, in an effort to shut it out. Slowly I rolled over, trying to pretend I didn't know morning had come.
But then I blinked and was awake. 
"Good afternoon!" said a familiar voice from my dresser. I jerked up in surprise, and promptly fell out of bed. Rubbing my knees from where they'd bashed into the floor, I stood up and came over to the dresser. 
"Mr. Marlin?" I said tentatively, calling out for the wizard who had once been my science teacher. "Is that you? What are you today?"
"Not what, but who!" came the proud reply. I looked all around the stuff scattered across my dresser, searching for the disgusting beard of the wizard that would show he had temporarily become that object. But I didn't see it anywhere.
"I don't see you," I said, looking curiously at the dresser top. 
"Look again," came the familiar voice, taunting me in a rather annoying way. "I'm right in front of you!"
I looked carefully at the stuff again. There was a candy bar wrapper from a Mars bar; the mangy, dandruff-ridden comb that Mr. Marlin had once given me to ward off evil wizards; a half eaten cinnamon roll that was starting to grow pink mold; a glass of orange juice that had turned purple; my new DS game 'The karate snails fight the radishes from outer space;' the tiny ring that Mr. Marlin had given me to keep evil vampires away; and my open history book which I had tossed there last night when I decided not to do my homework. The book had flipped open to a picture of George Washington when I tossed it there--
--and I gaped as I saw that Washington's firm face now had an ugly, grey beard sticking out of it! One of Washington's eyes suddenly winked at me. Mr. Marlin had become the picture!
"Good afternoon!" said Mr. Marlin again, out of George Washington's mouth, making his beard wobble. "Did you know George Washington's ivory dentures feel like you have a rock stuffed in your mouth, and taste sort of like boiled watermelon rinds?"
My stomach lurched as I frowned down at him. I hadn't seen Mr. Marlin now for almost three weeks, ever since my near death experience with the vampires--which was an unpleasant experience he'd caused, since he'd practically delivered me into the hands of the evil vampires who were out to get me. Thankfully in the end he'd helped me get out of that mess, but it sure hadn't been any fun. 
There was no doubt the bizarre wizard hadn't shown up today just for a casual social call.
"What horrible thing is going to happen to me now?" I blurted gruffly.
"Horrible thing?" repeated Mr. Marlin, blinking his eyes in surprise. "Are you having strawberry and onion lasagna tonight--is that the horrible thing that's coming? Or did you just grow warts on the bottom of all your toes?"
I gritted my teeth. "You know what I mean!" I said hotly. "Every time you show up and acting cheerful, I know something deadly is about to happen to me!"
"Well, that's an interesting point of view," said Mr. Marlin, pulling George Washington's dentures out of his mouth and looking at them critically. "You know, many people still think Washington's dentures were made of wood, even though they weren't. They were of pure ivory, although I'll admit they taste more like rotting wood mixed in pickle juice."
With the dentures removed, Washington's firm mouth which is so familiar on the quarter and dollar bill now looked all floppy and scrunched up like old people do when their dentures are out. In short, Washington now looked as un-Washington as he could (especially with the beard)
I turned my back on Mr. Marlin and started to get dressed. "I think maybe I'll just pretend I didn't see you or hear you today," I said in as casual a voice as I could muster. 
"Remember the last time we met, at the park?" said Mr. Marlin, ignoring my attempt to ignore him. "When I happened to mention that you just might have a new history teacher?"
I turned on Mr. Marlin so fast that I fell over, since my pants were only half on. Picking myself up, I exclaimed, "So that's it! I'm going to show up in history class today and get scared out of my wits by some monster from your world who's now my history teacher, right? And you've got some secret plan--like you've done twice before--to trick me into being bitten or swindled by this new teacher so that I can overcome all of the monsters of his kind, right? Just like I had to drink the secret potion of the wizards, and be bitten by a vampire to overcome them?"
Mr. Marlin looked hurt, creasing Washington's brow with uncharacteristic worry lines. "Why, it's nothing of the sort!" he said firmly. "I'll tell you exactly what's going to happen--no deceptions this time!"
I looked at the wizard guardedly. "Do you really mean that?" I asked.
"As sure as my name is SnulkFlarf, and the fact that it's afternoon rather than morning!" replied Mr. Marlin nonsensically. "Your new history teacher is a leprechaun by the name of 'Mr. Flarf,' who loves shiny coins and has a curious interest in the concept of time."
My eyes opened wide in surprise. "A leprechaun!" I cried. "You're kidding!"
"Would George Washington kid?" replied Washington's bearded face, as if discussing leprechaun history teachers was common and ordinary. "Mr. Flarf likes to wear green and laugh in a jolly sort of way, and probably doesn't have an evil plan to destroy you like the wizards and vampires did. After all, I cannot tell a lie since I'm speaking out of Washington's lips."
"Probably?" I repeated, raising an eyebrow. "That's not very reassuring. Why is this Mr. Flarf coming, anyway? Old Miss Peabody's been teaching history for so long, she's lived through most of it herself."
"Your Miss Peabody has had an unexpected chance to take a surfing vacation in Hawaii," said Mr. Marlin knowingly. "Since this has been her lifelong dream, she couldn't pass it up. Mr. Flarf is just a temporary replacement, for the week she will be gone."
At that moment, mom stuck her head in the door. "Better hurry up, Blake," she said. "The school bus will be here in ten minutes!" Then she disappeared.
"Still riding the new bus, I see," said Mr. Marlin.
"Yeah," I said uncomfortably. "Mom wants me to take it since it's quicker, but I still prefer to walk. I only take the bus going to school, but walk home after school with Poindexter. On the bus Tyson and his crew of bullies usually throw ripe gym socks all over the bus seats, and on whoever happens to be in their line of fire."
"And your bus driver doesn't mind?" said George Washington/Mr. Marlin in surprise.
"He's Tyson's dad," I said, pulling on my pants. Then I looked sharply up at Mr. Marlin. "So, I suppose you're coming with me today? And you're going to show up in class as an ugly old shoe, or a lunch bag, or wadded up paper in the trash? And you probably have some secret plan to turn me into some creature during class, to make things even more dangerous for me?"
"My goodness!" exclaimed Mr. Marlin in a way that made Washington's wig swing around sideways. The change in his hair made the first president look a bit like Shirley Temple. "When did I ever do that?"
"Well, there was the time you turned me into a roach in the lunchroom kitchen where I nearly got stepped on," I began. "And the time you turned me into a mouse being chased by a hungry cat in my math class. And the time--"
"Ah, you have had a glorious past, haven't you?" said Mr. Marlin cheerfully, popping the dentures back into Washington's mouth. "But today, I think I shall stay here and communicate with you by pen."
"Huh?" I said, not understanding. Then, looking down, I was surprised to see a new pen on my dresser. It was blue and had a tiny LCD window in the side with writing in it. It said, "Like my new present?"
"That's nice, thanks," I said, picking up the pen and gazing at it. Then I looked sharply up at Mr. Marlin. "So is this pen actually a secret wizard charm like that ugly comb and that tiny ring? Don't tell me it will protect me from bad leprechauns!"
"O.k., I won't tell you," said Mr. Marlin mysteriously. "But if you look at the writing occasionally, I'll have a new message for you. It's sort of like wizard texting. Only of course, we never do it while driving a car." The beard disappeared suddenly from Washington's face and his hair rearranged itself. Mr. Marlin had vanished again.
I looked at the pen curiously. "I didn't know Wizards drove cars," I said curiously.
A written message instantly came onto the screen of the pen. "They don't!" it said simply.

The Stewards of Light Series by Duane L. Ostler
1 My Science Teacher is a Wizard
2 My Math Teacher is a Vampire
3 My History Teacher is a Leprechaun
4 My English Teacher is a Werewolf
5 My Gym Teacher is a Fairy
6 My Art Teacher is a Troll
7 My Computer Teacher is a Ghost
8 The School Lunch Ladies are Mermaids 
9  My Health Teacher is a Zombie
10 My School Librarian is an Elf
11 My School Principal is an Imposter
12 The School Janitors are Aliens

OTHER BOOKS CURRENTLY AVAILABLE FROM DUANE L. OSTLER:
Fiction
Detectives in Diapers: The Mystery of the Aztec Amulet
The Wards of Clovis Gloober
Itchy Mitch and the Taming of Broken Jaw Junction
Santa v Afton (under pen name "Silas Flint")
Running for the Guv (under pen name "Silas Flint")
Nonfiction
James Madison, American Prophet
The Ninth Amendment: Key to Understanding the Bill of Rights
A Conversation About Abortion Between Justice Blackmun and the Founding Fathers
Abortion: What the Founding Fathers Thought About It
How to be Your Own Lawyer in a Non-Criminal Case in the USA (under pen name "Silas Flint")
The First Auto Laws in the United States (under pen name "Silas Flint")
Bizarre Takings Cases in the United States and Australia (under pen name "Silas Flint")
The Government Took My Property! A Comparison of Acquisition Law Between Australia and the United States (under pen name "Silas Flint")

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Duane L. Ostler was raised in Southern Idaho, where the wind never stops. He has lived in Australia, Mexico, Brazil, China, the big Island of Hawaii, and—most foreign of all—New Jersey. He has driven an ice cream truck, sold auto parts, been a tax collector and practiced law, and also has a PhD in legal history. He and his wife have five children and two cats.

TO CONTACT THE AUTHOR: mailto:duanelostler@gmail.com
