


The Smiley-Face Witches
Smashwords Edition
George Traikovich

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
CHAPTER 1
“Tell me about Chimera.” 
Colonel Runyon’s cowboy mustache curled to accommodate his reflexive sneer. He’d traded his uniform for a business suit, making the transition from soldier to consultant. Blue Beret Security paid better, but old habits died hard, and some didn’t die at all. “Sir…I can neither confirm nor deny the existence or nonexistence of such a project.”
General Knight took off his jacket and poured the Scotch, the ice clinking against the sides of the glasses in celebration. The name plate on the mahogany desk with the Central Park view read ‘Vice-President of Operations,’ but anyone who knew anything knew who was really in charge. 
 “You weren’t assigned to the Army’s now-defunct Cryptozoological Command until four years ago?”
Runyon’s gaze shifted to the pictures on the wall behind his desk. The gallery of heavyweights posed with Knight reflected connections maintained even into civilian life. If he was asking a question, he already knew the answer, but Runyon played along. “No, sir.”
Knight handed Runyon his glass before sinking into his high-backed leather chair. He tapped his I-Pad and the lights dimmed, images flickering across the wall-mounted plasma screen on command. “Project Chimera was designed to manipulate DNA, providing enhanced biological adaptations for front-line soldiers via exposure to an experimental chemical agent designated Enzyme Seven.”
He waited for Runyon to jump in but the Colonel’s blue-eyed glint didn’t change. 
“The private contractor awarded the project introduced the chemical agent to three designated control sites,” Knight said.
Runyon looked down his aquiline nose at his boss like he was going to say something but didn’t. 
Knight fanned a series of photos across his desk. “Harley Blake serial number 31063423 code name Tusk…Donovan Forbes serial number 31063422 code name Howl…Ramone Perez serial number 31063421 code name Mask.”
Runyon didn’t bother glancing at the before and after photos. 
“Do you recognize these…subjects?”
“Never saw ‘em before,” Runyon said.
Knight’s brow furrowed, the deep lines in his tanned face mirroring the waves in his salt and pepper hair. “These aren’t the test subjects that mutated during the experiment trial protocols?”
Knight knew more than he should, but that didn’t mean Runyon was going to make it easy on him. He paused before answering. “Cryptos.”
Knight took another swig. “Pardon?”
“Cryptos,” Runyon said. “Short for Cryptozoological Soldier Initiative…Or so I’ve heard.”
“Right,” Knight said, “Cryptos. And these aren’t the Cryptos that mutated during the trial protocols?”
Runyon couldn’t deny the monstrous changes documented in the photos, so he didn’t. “Mutated. That’s your word.”
“Alright,” Knight said. “What’s your word?” 
Runyon took a healthy gulp of Scotch before answering. “You a sports fan, sir?”
“Sure…”
“Ever hear of some athlete getting busted for popping steroids?” Runyon asked. 
“About once a week…”
“Think they call ‘em performance enhancing drugs,” Runyon said. 
“PEDS…” 
“PEDS,” Runyon agreed. “They’re supposed to help build muscle and endurance, but the drugs come with side effects.”
Knight looked back at the photos. “Horns and tails, webbed fingers and armor plating? I don’t remember any ball players coming down with these kind of side effects.”
He’d told him almost nothing about the project but revealing even that much made Runyon uncomfortable. “This what you wanted to talk about, sir?”
Knight pulled a thick packet bearing the company’s seal out of his desk drawer. 
Runyon reached for the folio, brushing a stack of papers off the General’s desk in the process. He picked the pages up, his attention captured by the crude crayon drawing on top. “Didn’t know you had children, sir.”
“Yeah, gotta boy,” Knight said.
“How old?”
“Twenty-six,” Knight said.
Runyon studied the drawing for a second. “Did he wear a helmet to school?” 
Knight laughed. “That’s what I like about you Runyon…You’re old school, you say what you think.”
Runyon winced. “Sorry, I didn’t mean any…”
“He’s not retarded,” Knight said, “but he is one of those C-Punks. Did that masterpiece while flyin’ on EZ8. I keep it by the phone and take a long, hard look at it whenever he calls to borrow money.”
Runyon broke the packet’s seal, eager to get the conversation back on track.
“Chimera’s been revived via private sector financing…”
“Revived?” Runyon said. “Since when?”
“They never stopped,” Knight said. “They just changed directions.”
“What does that mean?”
“You’ll find out,” Knight said.
Runyon’s face screwed into a scowl. “How long they been a client?”
“Since the trouble on Transylvania Island.”
“Trouble?” Runyon repeated. “Try fiasco.”
“That’s a bit of an exaggeration, don’t you think?” Knight asked.
“You’re not the one that tracked the Cryptos through the amusement park after they broke out,” Runyon said. “But that was four years ago. Why am I just hearing about this now?” 
“You’ve been in Afghanistan,” Knight reminded him. “And Mitch Wayne was running the show until last week.”
Runyon knew Wayne. “You said was.”
“That’s right, I did,” Knight agreed. 
Runyon leaned forward. “What happened?”
“We’re still picking up the pieces,” Knight confessed, “but we lost some damn good men, and Wayne was one of ‘em.”
“Locals?”
“Don’t know,” Knight said.
Now Runyon knew why he was really there.
“I need someone to step in and take charge,” Knight said. “Given you’re history, I’d say you’re the man for the job.”
Runyon sifted through the photos inside the packet. “What’s this?”
“Some background information on the key players involved last time around,” Knight said. “Just to get you back up to speed.”
Runyon recognized the faces in the photos but this was the first time he had names to go with them. “Drew Wheeler, Newton Shaw, Clementine Carver, Grady McNamara, Esteban Lima. These pictures are out of date. They’ll be teenagers by now.”
“I’ll make a note of it and update the files,” Knight said. 
“And you want me to kill ‘em?”
Runyon’s bare-knuckled approach brought a smile to Knight’s face. “No. But they were at the amusement park when everything blew-up.”
“That’s because they’re the ones that blew it up,” Runyon said.

***
Drew’s raggedy armor slowed his movement, but he limped across the deck and jumped into the coaster’s last car before it started the next circuit.
The Moonclipper breached the mist beyond the coaster’s highest point, a shiny sliver bleeding helium from multiple wounds inflicted to its durable skin. 
Harley clasped his taloned hands together and brought them down on the airship like a sledgehammer. His monstrous strength evened the odds but even he couldn’t hang on to the inflatable’s slick surface much longer.
Drew leapfrogged from car to car, scrambling toward the front of the train as it climbed the coaster’s steep initial slope. 
Harley’s tail tightened around the crescent moon, distorting the stylized face sculpted into the rubber shell until unrecognizable, but still the airship swam through the churning black clouds.
Thunder shook the ancient coaster’s wooden frame but Drew struggled to his feet as the train reached the crest. The cars balanced for a moment, teetering on the edge of the precipice. 
He hoisted the prod, took aim, and launched… 
Hit! The sharpened tip buried itself deep inside the airship’s rubber shell.
Lightning arced out from the thunderhead, cutting across the sky like a blowtorch and connecting with the shaft. 
The jolt charged the airship’s skin and blasted Harley clear, but he didn’t fall. Instead, the raging wind lifted him higher and higher until he reached his zenith and time ticked to a stop. 
For a moment it seemed that somehow, some way, the wind would keep him aloft--But the moment didn’t last. Gravity pulled Harley through the swirling clouds to crash against the broken pavement below. 
The stinging rain blurred his vision but Drew couldn’t turn away. He listened to the wind whistle through the coaster’s resonant architecture, not sure what to do next. “Not wind, music.” 
The notes came at him from every direction, a million-member choir of metallic voices bleeding together into a discordant melody. 
He waited for her and she appeared, a gauzy blur pulled into focus by his unrelenting gaze. The pale girl played hide and seek between the coaster’s elevated platforms, giving him time to remember. 
The birthmark dividing her face should have startled him, but he’d seen her before. He’d considered her a symptom of the concussion he’d suffered when the barge broke up on the rocks on the way to the island, a ghost conjured by his injured brain to ease him back to consciousness. But she was more than a dream, she was a messenger. 
She opened her mouth to speak but he couldn’t hear her over the hollow voices rising to a crescendo. She called him in closer and whispered in his ear…
***
Drew woke in the ER, though waking implied sleeping. Instead, he lay in bed each night on the cusp of somnolence. But the dream came anyway, a rerun of an episode whose ending he knew all too well. 
If only they’d arrived sooner, if only they’d fought harder, if only--But they hadn’t, and Harley paid for it.
But Drew learned to counter-program against the broadcast. Staying awake cut the signal, giving him time to do things he couldn’t do during the day, like counting the tiles in his ceiling. There were… there were…how many were there again?
Drew yawned, his eyelids sagging under their own weight. He followed his mom’s shifting gaze to the stainless steel exam table. “But it ain’t no emergency.” 
She disagreed. “Not sleeping is normal for colicky babies and old men…not for fifteen year old boys.”
Drew watched the snow drift by through the window blinds. Mercy General’s ten crumbling stories faced the city’s frozen riverfront, weathered ledges guarded from pigeons by impotent gargoyles. Those that could afford alternatives avoided it, but his mom drove him there rather than waiting until his regular doctor could squeeze him in.
“Get on up.”
“Ain’t no emergency,” he repeated.
He got up to leave, but she planted her hand in his chest. He’d inherited her strong chin, along with her stubbornness, but insomnia had worn away his resolve. Rather than argue, he jumped on top of the exam table.
She felt his head for fever—again. The varsity jacket and sweatshirt beneath should have kept him comfortable, but his body shivered and his brown skin glistened with sweat. 
Her frown lines deepened, framing her mouth like italics. She dialed her cell and explained to her boss that she’d be late for work that morning.
Drew’s heavy brow furrowed. “Ain’t nothing wrong with…”
She shushed him with a wave of her hand. She’d pulled her tight curls into a ponytail same as everyday, but he could count the gray hairs scattered among the black beneath the hospital’s harsh fluorescent lights. She’d been beautiful once, but that was before his dad split. Now she looked like his mom.
The nurse stuck her head into the examination room smiling apologetically. She was a little old for braces but Drew tried not to stare. “There’s a teensy-weensy problem with your insurance card...”
The Doctor entered as his mom exited. She took a drag from her cigarette before pulling the curtain shut and sealing them off from the rest of the noisy ER. 
“My name is Doctor Jagger,” she announced in a raspy quaver. 
Heavy make-up softened frown lines too deep for someone that young, but her angry perm negated the benefits. Her eyes clicked open and shut behind giant lenses stuck in dated frames. “You’re fifteen?”
Seeing her puffing away on a heater should have been cause for concern, but this was Mercy General. “Yes, ma’am…”
She flashed a penlight into his bloodshot eyes. “Where do you go to school?” 
He waved the smoke from his face. “Madison.”
“East, West, or …”
“Central,” he said. 
“What’s the letter for?” she said, “What’s your sport?”
He coughed, hoping she’d take the hint. She didn’t, more accustomed to feeding her cats than treating patients if the smell of her lab coat was any indication. 
 “Football.” 
“Football,” she said. “How’d ya do this year?”
“0-10. We were the worst team in the league.”
She buried her head in his chart. “That’s great…You ever had trouble sleeping before?” 
“No.”
“When did all this start?”
He scratched at his ‘fro where it met the scruff of his neck. “Just a few days ago.”
 “Is that a rash?”
A rash would have been a blessing. This was an itch that felt like ants crawling across his skin wearing cleats. “No, ma’am. Went to the barbershop the other day. Some of the hairs got caught up in my jacket.”
She pulled a pen out of her pocket and scribbled something on his chart. 
“So…whatcha think?” he asked. 
“I see a lot of this during flu season,” she said.
“I got the flu?”
“Flu-like symptoms,” she said.
He smiled, knowing her generic diagnosis meant she didn’t know what was wrong with him.
She took out her prescription pad, filling the empty spaces with her illegible scrawl. “You just need to rest.”
His eyebrows met at the bridge of his nose, black swatches framing the shrinking black pupils dangling beneath them.  “What’s that?”
She held the gleaming hypodermic needle next to her ear like a javelin. “Something to help you get to sleep.”
He pulled back.
“Don’t’ tell me a big boy like you is afraid of needles,” she said.
“No,” he said. 
“Then what?”
“Afraid the shot might work,” he mumbled.
***
Moving from eighth grade to ninth grade meant changing habits. There were little things Drew had to get used to all over again, like where to sit during lunch. At Brice, he sat at the same table everyday. But Brice was one of three middle schools feeding students to Madison Central. Now he was an underclassman. Now he sat at any table that was open.
“What up,” he said, and put his tray down.
Newton didn’t bother to look up, mumbling something that passed for ‘hello’ beneath his breath. 
The transition to ninth grade was tough for them all, but toughest for Newton. Big, thick glasses and ironic t-shirts weren’t cool at Brice, and were even less so at Central. 
Not that Drew had it much easier. He was quick on his feet and willing to trade insults with anybody. This earned him his rep at Brice, but made him a pest at Central. Upperclassmen ignored him. Mostly.
Drew took the bun off his burger and piled a handful of fries on top of the patty before mashing it all together. He glanced over at Newton’s untouched tray. “Yo, what’s wrong?”
“This place is weird,” Newton lisped. 
“What do ya mean?” Drew asked between bites. “Ya just now figuring that out?”
Central wasn’t weird, it was different. But he knew that wasn’t what Newton meant. They were weird. They were at Bixby Elementary when something happened. Either they’d broken into the school…or they’d blown up the water tower…or they’d killed a kid. Nobody was sure, but that didn’t stop the other kids from whispering. 
“Getting any sleep?”
“Naw, not yet,” Drew said. He told Newton about the insomnia but kept the part about the dream to himself. No reason to be the weird kid amongst the rest of the weird kids.
He checked to make sure no one was looking before showing him the pills Doctor Jagger prescribed. “Supposed to take one of these but I ain’t supposed to work no heavy machinery after.”
His line got a laugh out of Newton, which wasn’t as easy as it used to be. He’d grown his hair out over the summer, but it curled at right angles, leaving him with something like a blonde poodle pelt draped across his skull. This bothered him more than it should have, but everything bothered him more than it should have.
Drew took a drink of milk to slide the oblong capsule down his throat. “Any luck with the chocolate?” 
Newton strummed his fingers across the remaining bars. How he’d come to loathe their generic white wrappers. “These are the last of ‘em.” 
That meant he’d sold his quota, and he’d be going to D.C. for the class trip with the rest of them. 
“Who cares?” Newton said. “High school is like the least important time we’ll ever spend.”
Spider plopped down next to Newton. He’d grown during the summer and switched from his older brother’s hand-me-downs to his oldest brother’s hand-me-downs. Seeing him in button-down shirts and khaki pants was something they still weren’t used to. 
“Divorce?” Drew said.
Spider ran his fingers through his close-cropped black hair, brown eyes squinting in confusion. “Huh?”
 “From the tarantula that fell in love with your head,” Newton said. 
“…and stayed for the honeymoon,” Drew added.
 “Yeah, yeah,” Spider said. “Haircut.”
Grady clanged his tray down harder than he intended, probably because he couldn’t see. 
“New shades?” Spider said.
“Gotta protect my baby-blues,” Grady said. He pulled up his baggy pants and slumped into his chair. 
Their table seated five, but only four of the seats were occupied, because Clementine didn’t eat with them anymore. One day she was there, and the next she was gone, sitting with the Janes.
“Why they call ‘em the Janes?” Spider asked. “Ain’t none of ’em named Jane.” 
“Janes like in Plain Janes,” Grady said. He took his cap off and let his scraggly blonde hair out. “And ain’t none of them plain, either.”
“Nobody calls ‘em that,” Newton grumbled, “They call themselves the Janes.” 
“Yeah, yeah, but why?” Spider asked.
“Dude, cause they’re hawt,” Grady said. “Hey Esteban, what’s Portuguese for hot?”
“Picante,” Spider said.
“They think they’re being ironic,” Newton said, “like my t-shirt.” 
Spider read the caption beneath the green ogre. “Don’t hate me because I’m beautiful…”
“But he ain’t beautiful,” Newton said. 
“And the Janes ain’t plain,” Grady said. “They’re picante.”
“And that’s the first thing everybody says,” Newton explained. “They ain’t plain, they’re hot.”
Spider grappled with Newton’s nuanced explanation. “They’re hot but they don’t want people to think they think they’re hot.” 
Grady loosened his hoodie’s drawstring. “That’d make ‘em stuck-up, dawg.” 
“Which they are,” Newton said. “But their preemptive public relations offensive lets them look humble instead.” 
Clementine looked up just as he was about to take a swig of milk, like she knew he was talking about her, but turned away as soon as he caught her.
“Always thought her skin would freckle,” Spider said, “always thought her hair would frizz.” Her skin turned rose white instead, and her curls relaxed into loose red ringlets.
Snow drifted by the cafeteria windows, adding to the six inches from the night before. 
“Dude,” Grady said, “I ever tell ya the first time I saw snow?”
He had, but he was going to do it again. The novelty of being a California kid in the Midwest wore off long ago for everyone but him. Halfway through the story, he noticed the others were ignoring him more than usual. He turned his head to see why. 
“Parker,” Drew said, though it wasn’t as much an acknowledgement as an epitaph.
The callow senior passed their table stroking a faint mustache that made him look like he’d just finished a glass of chocolate milk. Lateral creases in his cheeks invited comparisons to a shark’s gills, though the effect was far more subtle. 
“When did cosplay become cool?” Newton muttered.
Parker was more poseur than provocateur, but part of a growing phenomenon. Weird wasn’t weird anymore, it was normal, and not just at Madison. 
 “Dressing up like movie monsters ain’t never gonna be cool,” Drew insisted. “Know what I’m sayin’?”
They’d grown accustomed to the patched-up clothes and the do-it-yourself body-modifications since Crypto-Punk went main stream, but that didn’t mean they’d accepted it. 
Spider shoveled another spoonful of corn into his mouth. “Some kid sued his school ‘cause they wouldn’t let ‘im dress up C-P style. Said they violated his rights or something.”
“Where?” Drew asked.
“California,” Spider said.
Newton groaned. “Of course.” 
“Dude, they got this gel you shoot into your body,” Grady said. “It goes right underneath your skin and you can shape it into a ridge, or plate or spike or anything.”
“Where’d ya hear that?” Drew asked.
“They got a video online,” Grady said. “Call it the C-Punk challenge. Everybody’s trying to out do each other.”
“Guess that’s where Jumping Dummy musta got it,” Newton said.
Parker went by JD, giving playground stand-ups leeway for interpretation. Juvenile Delinquent and Jerky Dog were some of the fan favorites. 
Unlike them, Parker and his cronies had their own table, just a few feet away from the Janes. They watched him ease into their conversation without breaking stride, whispering something that made the girls giggle. 
“Gotta admit, dude is smooooth,” Grady said.
“Smooth?” Newton repeated. “Pa-lease. I seen smoother monkeys on Discovery channel.”
Grady popped the top on his Mountain Dew. “Ya know who’s smooth for a monkey? Dr. Zaius...”
“From the Planet of the Apes?” Newton asked.
“Yeah,” Grady said. “He’s a pimp.”
Newton waved him off. “He don’t count.”
“How come?” Spider asked.
“He’s technically an evolved orangutan,” Newton said. “And he’s wearing pants.”
“Yeah, yeah. Any monkey wearing pants is gonna have game,” Spider said. “Girls are gonna wanna get with a styling monkey that can afford a pair of nice boot-cut jeans.”
“Monkeys I saw didn’t have pants,” Newton said. “Didn’t need ‘em.”
 “What made the monkeys on Discovery channel so smooth?” Drew asked.
“Why?” Spider asked. “Ya lookin’ to up your game?”
“Monkeys I saw were pickin’ fleas off of each other,” Newton said, “supposed to put ‘em in the mood.”
“Dude, that’s how my mom and dad met,” Grady said, and the others lost it.
CHAPTER 2
“It’s about the music,” said one kid.
“I like the clothes,” said another.
“Revolution, revolution through evolution,” said a third. “Naw…it’s about the girls!”
The reporter turned to face the camera, mic in hand. Her powder blue suit matched her powder blue eyes, standing out against the convention center’s muted palette and letting the audience focus on her instead of the kids flashing their middle-fingers in the background. “But it’s not all fun and games at Cwyptopalooza…”
She turned her r’s into w’s, but her audience was used to her speech impediment by then and translated on the fly. And while Robin Roper’s annunciation needed work, her earnest delivery made up for it.
 She held a vial of clear, colorless liquid up to the camera. “This is EZ8, a designer drug popular with C-Punks. First introduced in the late Sixties by new-age guru Gulliver Grimsby, we managed to obtain this dose on the condition that we didn’t reveal the dealer’s identity. Highly addictive and...”
“Cut…”
Robin pushed her earpiece back into place. “What’s wong?”
Ivan looked up from his camera’s viewfinder. “Sorry, Robin. Gotta weird shadow in the frame.” 
She smiled and waited obediently for her cue to start again. She was nothing if not affable, and she never blinked. He wasn’t sure if it was because she was so focused or because one of her parents was a mannequin.
The flannel-clad cameraman squinted until Robin came back into focus but he didn’t see the shadow. He wiped the lens clean with his shirttail and took another look through the viewfinder. 
 “Where’s that damn shadow coming from?” he said, “unless it’s coming from behind…”
He felt a hand on his shoulder and turned to see who was messing with him.
Her back was to the light and the edges of her pale lavender suit glowed in the deflected radiance. She could have been an angel—but Ivan knew better. 
His ruddy face split into a sardonic smile. “Didn’t you used to be Molly Tuggle?”
***
They strolled along the booths and attractions taking in the merchandising and promotional tie-ins. One band had finished their set and the next hadn’t started yet, so they didn’t have to shout to have a conversation.
“You lost weight,” Molly said.
 “And some hair,” Ivan joked, running his fingers through what remained.
“I know,” she said, “you look like a coconut after chemotherapy.” 
He uncorked the signature laugh she’d found so grating when they’d worked together. “Yeah, guess I grew my beard out to compensate.”
“So…How’d you get stuck with this gig?”
He showed her the crumpled promotional poster he’d jammed into his pocket. “Found this stuck in my windshield wiper.”
She read through the poster’s copy despite the eclectic font. “Cryptopalooza, a once in a lifetime celebration of Crypto-Punk music, style and culture…” 
“Get a few freaks dressing up like B-Movie monsters and you got yourself some kinda ‘palooza,” he said.
She brushed her slender fingers through her platinum bangs. “Guess neither one of us can get away from this story.”
 “Guess not,” he said, and changed the subject. “Saw Jason lugging his camera around.”
“Yeah,” Molly said.
“He’s good,” Ivan said. “He was the only intern who ever showed up on time.”
“I suppose...” 
“But?”
“But he likes to work his hours and go home,” she said. 
“Imagine that…”
His sarcasm didn’t go undetected. “He doesn’t have the same kind of…devotion you did.”
“He’s a cameraman, not to be confused with Ivan Cameraman, flannel-clad, denim wearing news photographer by day, flannel-clad, denim wearing news photographer who can fly by night.”
She granted him a polite laugh. “So…How’s life at WXYL?”
“The pays a little better even if the company isn’t,” he said.
“How long you been workin’ with Elmyra Fudd back there?” she asked.
“Her name is Robin…”
“Wobin? That’s just too easy.”
“Laugh if you want, but the audience loves her,” he said, “the speech impediment separates her from the rest of the cookie-cutter blondes…no offense.”
Molly’s green eyes narrowed to an indignant squint. “Hooway for Wobin.” 
He paused to try on a life-like Crypto Halloween mask hanging from a rack. “Guess there’s a certain satisfaction knowing we were first.” 
There wasn’t. The book Molly wrote about the disaster at the amusement park sold, but not like she’d expected. Some kid hacked into the station’s servers and released a found footage movie edited together from clips Ivan shot on Transylvania Island. Rumors of their involvement in the movie’s viral marketing campaign persisted. They fired Ivan and her career stalled. Now she did car shows, and flower shows, and whatever this was.
They passed a booth playing do-it-yourself body modification videos. 
“You know your getting old when trends and fashions start looking weird and scary.”
Molly sipped from her diet Coke. “Speak for yourself.”
“I forgot,” he said, “we’re coming up on your twenty-ninth aren’t we?”
“Sweet of you to remember,” she said, but how could he forget? They’d celebrated the same milestone three times before.  
“What I still can’t get over is how fast C-P spread,” Ivan said, “like a virus, jumping from one kid to another.”
“Same thing happened in the Sixties…”
“I know,” he said, “Remember the hippies we interviewed after we got back from the island?”
“Gotta be the music,” she said.
“Wouldn’t know,” he said, “not really my style.”
“C-P doesn’t have a style. It swallows up every other kind of music and spits it back out without digesting it. Rap, rock, electronica, you name it. You can still listen to what you like but now there’s a C-P flavored alternative.”
“We’re a cut and paste culture,” he said. “And I don’t suppose there’s ever anything that’s ever really new, just remixed and recycled.”
 “I suppose some kids are more vulnerable than others,” Molly said, “comes with the territory. Hormones and all that.”
Their conversation came to a stop, interrupted by a fuzz-faced kid swaying to an unheard rhythm.
“Can you hear the music?” the wide-eyed kid asked.
They couldn’t, so they moved aside to let security deal with him. 
“That’s how I picture you in high school,” she said.
“Not even close,” he said. “I was a jock.”
“A jock?”
“Full contact chess team,” he said. “We won the state championship my senior year.”
“Suppose being king of the nerds counts as some kind of achievement.”
“What about you?”
“What about me?” she asked.
“What were you like in high school?”
“Normal,” she said.
“No. You were shy, and you never got any dates.”
“Good guess,” she said.
“Not really. You’re tall…tall girls are tall early. You were taller than the boys, so they never asked you out. By the time they caught up, you were probably already on the pageant circuit.”
“What makes you think I was a pageant kind of…”
“I Googled you,” he said. “Big hair, big smile. Bet you’ve got your tiaras organized by…”
“Alright, ya got me,” she said. She finished her Coke and grabbed him by the arm. “Hang on…What’s this?”
The booth demonstrated the engineering integrity of a sixth grader’s science fair display, but what got Molly’s attention was the pile of white-label chocolate bars stacked like gold bullion next to the vintage records.
Molly grabbed a couple of bars and paid the hippie chick behind the counter with a twenty.
“I hear vinyl’s making a comeback,” Ivan said.
The hippy chick rose to get Molly’s change, letting her flowing caftan tail behind her. “Nothing beats vinyl if you’re really into the music.”
“Can’t say I ever heard of any of these bands,” Ivan admitted.
The hippy chick ignored him, and focused on Molly. “Hey, you’re that lady on the TV…” 
Molly smiled. Her well-rehearsed reaction was the perfect combination of aw-shucks surprise and poised self-confidence that came off well when rubbing shoulders with the commoners. 
The hippie chick reached beneath the table and whipped out a worn-out copy of Molly’s book. “Would ya mind?”
Molly signed the title page while Ivan flipped through the albums until one in particular caught his eye. “What’s this?”
The girl ran her fingers through her long, brown hair. As thin as she was, her weak chin stretched the skin beneath into a waddle that vibrated when she spoke. “Got no name, but Acolytes call it the Zero Album.”
“Acolytes?” Ivan said. “Never heard of ‘em.”
“Acolytes are like, the fans,” she huffed, “The Smiley-Face Witches are like, the band.”
“Never heard of them either,” Ivan said.
“They were Crypto-Punk before it was cool,” the girl said. “They broke up a long time ago, but I hear they’re totally getting back together.”
***
Snarling canines roamed the barbwire boundary enforcing the ‘No Trespassing’ sign, but the feral pack let the torchlight procession enter the oak grove unchallenged, sensible enough not to bite the hands of those that fed them.
Penelope surveyed the funeral party from the edge of the grove. The Smiley-Face Witches didn’t get around like they used to, and seeing the band together after so many years apart evoked bittersweet sentiments. “Better turnout than I thought there’d be.” 
 Brocade robes and ceremonial masks donned for the occasion preserved anonymity, but she recognized her baby sister’s hourglass figure among the mourners gathered beneath the moonlight. 
She lifted her mask and greeted Lucy with a peck on the cheek. “Ya look thin. Ya lost weight?”
Penelope’s maternalism came naturally, even as the middle sister, even as they neared their seventies. She’d inherited the trait from their paternal grandmother, along with the slight underbite and gray eyes common to women from their part of Appalachia. 
“I’m fine,” Lucy insisted. “You look fit as a fiddle.”
“Went to the beauty parlor today,” Penelope said. “The years didn’t melt away but I reckon they shaved a few minutes off.”
Lucy sighed. “Any word?” 
“Not a peep,” Penelope said. 
“I can’t help but think something terrible has happened to her.” 
Penelope’s forced smile was unconvincing. “She’s well over twenty-one. She can take care of herself.”
“Hain’t none of her other acquaintances heard from her neither,” Lucy said. 
“Remember when she shacked up with that magician fella? What were his name…”
“Ronco the Great…”
“Yeah, remember how long she were gone then?” Penelope asked.
“She were gone for almost …”
“Two years and not so much as a phone call,” Penelope said. “And three years the time before…”
Big sister was the talented one, and the pretty one, and the smart one, but most of all Lazy-Eye Susan was the restless one, who came and went as she pleased.
But Penelope’s argument left Lucy unconvinced. They’d seen four years pass since stepping through the rift they’d opened inside Susan’s library, four years since witnessing the apocalyptic vision of the days yet to come. “Where tomorrow’s shadows end,” Susan called it, but she could always turn a phrase. Big sister’s latest disappearance coincided with the revelation, but whether she’d gone or been taken fueled the uncertainty gnawing at Lucy. “This just feels different this time…”
“Hush,” Penelope whispered, “Someone’s a comin’ over.” 
The stranger lifted her mask high enough to reveal the wrinkled face beneath. It’d been years since last they met, but they’d have recognized Tabitha’s gap-toothed grin anywhere.
“What a tragedy,” Tabitha said, “to be taken from us at such a young age.”
“Poor Nancy,” Penelope muttered. 
Poor Nancy, indeed. She’d been out of frame in every picture ever taken, the last one invited to every party ever thrown, left behind on every stop the tour bus ever made. 
Lucy dabbed her eyes with her handkerchief. “Just goes to show you can never tell when the Grim Reaper might come a calling.”
“Was her own fault, I suppose,” Tabitha said.
“What do ya mean?” Penelope asked.
Tabitha leaned in and lowered her voice. “She decided to grow her bangs out long, trying to shave a few years off, I suppose.”
“How old were she?” Lucy asked.
“Seventy-three,” Tabitha said.
“Well, she looked seventy-one, seventy-two tops,” Penelope said.
Tabitha didn’t necessarily agree, but continued her story. “Anyhow, her hair was always kinda stringy to start with…”
“Stringy and a bit greasy,” Lucy said.
“Stringy and a bit greasy, and white as snow,” Penelope added.
“True,” Tabitha said. “When she went out with a hat on and those stringy white bangs hangin’ over her face, she looked like someone turned a bowl of spaghetti upside down on her head. That was her undoing.” 
“Do tell,” Penelope said.
Tabitha’s voice fell to a hush. “A hunk of her spaghetti hair fell on to her plate.” 
“Don’t tell me,” Penelope said.
“Was eating an actual bowl of spaghetti and swallowed a length of her own hair by mistake. Choked to death.”
“Didn’t think such a thing was even possible ‘til I heard it,” Lucy said.
“She was a slave to her vanity,” Tabitha said. “But I suppose she needed all the help she could get, poor thing. She wasn’t what I would call a natural beauty.” 
“She were plain,” Penelope said, and Lucy agreed.
Tabitha gave the assembled crowd a casual once-over. “Haven’t bumped into your sister yet, was she able to make it?” 
Penelope answered before Lucy could. “She was feelin’ a little under the weather, I’m afraid.” 
“That is a shame,” Tabitha said, “do send her my regards, won’t you?”
“I promise I will,” Penelope said.
They put their conversation on hold while the Acolytes made their way through the crowd with the sacramental wine. 
“Funny how popular the band got after we broke up,” Penelope said. “Got more groupies now, than we did back then.”
“It’s the internet,” Tabitha said, “bringing us a whole new generation.”
“New generation, same old problem,” Lucy muttered. 
Neither Penelope nor Tabitha could disagree. The line between band and groupies blurred over the years, with both factions drifting further from the music and closer to Gulliver Grimsby’s unorthodox teachings. 
“Remind me to talk to ya about my royalty checks,” Penelope whispered. She held her brass cup out and a statuesque girl fighting to keep her pink braids from tangling filled it to the brim. 
Tabitha watched the girl slink between the mourners. “Was we ever that young?”
Lucy took a healthy sip. “If I was, I don’t remember it. Don’t remember my butt being that high or when my boobs started hangin’ this low.”
“Who’s in charge of the Acolytes now?” Penelope asked.
“Thought it was Imelda,” Lucy said.
“I thought Medea took over after the last election,” Penelope said.
“Actually, Nancy stepped in after Medea passed on, who stepped in after Imelda left this mortal coil,” Tabitha explained.
“When did Medea pass on?” Lucy asked.
“You didn’t know?” Tabitha said.
 “Can’t tell who’s who with everybody wearing these daggum masks,” Lucy said.
“Amen,” Penelope said. The Smiley-Face Witches were always Grimsby’s band, and he added and subtracted musicians as he saw fit. But like their sister, Penelope and Lucy were original members, and that distinction still carried weight.
 “What happened?” Lucy asked.
“Spider crawled down her throat and laid eggs in her belly,” Tabitha said, “babies hatched and gobbled her up from the inside out.”
Lucy clutched at her heart and Penelope sniffed her cup. “Maybe you best slow down, baby sister.” 
“It hain’t the wine,” Lucy assured her, “but, my heavens, what a gruesome way to go.” 
“What about Imelda?” Penelope asked.
“You remember how deathly afraid of guns she was?” Tabitha said.
“Wasn’t her first husband shot during some kinda gas station hold-up?” Penelope asked.
“Her second husband, actually,” Tabitha said. “Anyway, she decided in her head eating a bullet a day would build up her immunity to gunfire. Like it was some kind of allergy or something.”
“That is a bit eccentric,” Lucy admitted, “Did it work?”
“Actually, as far as I know, it did,” Tabitha said.
“Then how’d she pass?” Penelope asked.
“Got bit by a snake that crawled up through her septic tank and bit her big ol’ bottom,” Tabitha said.
“Medea, Imelda and now Nancy,” Penelope said. “They say it comes in threes.” 
It seemed they were right.
The ram’s horn signaled the time had come. They wound their way past the shrouded body, each of them adding their torches to the pyre as they bid their last farewell. 
Watching the crackling flames put Penelope into a melancholy funk. Times like this brought her own mortality into sharper focus than she cared to think about these days, particularly since she wasn’t much younger than the dearly departed.
Lucy slipped out of her robe and stood naked in the frigid December air. “Time to boogie.”
Penelope followed her lead, as did the rest of the members who joined them in their nakedness. The music began, and they danced around the pyre in memoriam.
***
English Lit was right after lunch and the room faced the afternoon sun, strong enough to beat the students into drowsiness, even midwinter.
Mr. Peck stood at the front of the class wearing his glasses chained around his neck like an old lady at a Bingo parlor. “Frankenstein’s monster is an outsider, rejected by society because of his hideous appearance and because…”
Drew sat near the back, between Mickey-D on one side and Denise on the other, Brice kids like him. They weren’t tight before, but being thrust into Madison made them undeclared friends by virtue of their previous association.
“…part of the revulsion is that the monster’s brought to life by way of supernatural manipulation, not because of science…”
One of the kids up front raised her hand. Drew didn’t know her name because she didn’t go to Brice, but she looked kind of like Grady, except with longer hair.
“What happens to the monster?” Lady-Grady asked. “After he escapes the ship? Does he die?”
The class groaned. Lady-Grady asked questions requiring considerable exposition, something Peck happily engaged in. 
“The author doesn’t tell us,” Peck said, “The monster escapes the ship into the Arctic, never to be seen. But I’ve got my own theory about what…”
“What ya got?” Drew whispered.
Mickey-D flashed a big grin. His real name was Kevin, but his orange ‘fro insured he’d be linked with the MacDonald’s mascot into perpetuity. “Check it out...the new I-Phone Infinity.”
“Heard ‘bout this,” Drew said, “Didn’t know they was out.” He took the phone from Mickey-D and slid through the different screens, even activating the augmented reality interface.
“Same kinda phone Jay-Z got,” Mickey-D bragged.
The phone was high-end, though Drew wondered how Mickey-D could afford it. He was about to hand it back when he remembered a link Grady sent him the day before. He typed the URL into the browser window and gave the phone back to him.
Denise leaned over to see what was so interesting, her nose crinkling up like she was about to sneeze. 
“Not so close,” Drew said, “I don’t want ya bragging to your friends we hooked up.”
She rolled her eyes and leaned back into her chair. He didn’t think much of her, because he couldn’t get past her toe-thumbs. But there was something about the combination of deep brown skin and hazel eyes...
Mickey-D giggled…
Drew’s eyes shifted from side to side. “Keep it down.” 
His giggle turned into a laugh…
Drew caught Peck weaving through the aisles from the corner of his eye. “It ain’t that funny.”
His laugh gave way to a full-blown donkey’s bray…
Drew turned to check on the teacher, but it was too late.
Peck swooped in and snatched the phone from Mickey-D’s hand. He pushed his glasses past the bridge of his pointed nose and watched the video before passing sentence. “You can pick this up after detention.”
Mickey-D didn’t argue. He grabbed his backpack and headed for the door, still trying not to laugh.
Peck looked at Drew and then back at the video, trying to decide what to do with him. For a second Drew thought he was going to get away with it, but then Peck started shaking.
“What’s wrong?” Drew asked. 
Students at the front retreated while those at the back pushed forward, meshing into a scrum around the teacher two students deep. 
The commotion drew Mademoiselle Gagne out from tenth-grade French across the hall.  “Merci, give him room,” the diminutive teacher commanded. “Jen…go get the nurse, tout de suite…”
Denise peeked over Drew’s shoulder, drafting him into service as her personal bodyguard. “What’s wrong with ‘im?”
Peck jerked and twitched, tearing at his clothes in a frothing-mad frenzy. 
“It’s happening again,” Drew muttered. 
“What’s happening again?” Denise asked.
He’d seen the same side effects in the lab mice dosed with Enzyme Seven years before, but that was another school, and the man responsible for the experiment was long gone.  “He can’t be back! This can’t be the same thing!”
Peck imploded mid-aisle. He lay sprawled across the gray carpet, his breathing shallow but steady. 
Denise moved her cell phone back and forth, trying to find the best angle for her video. “Is it over?” 
It wasn’t. Peck bolted upright, arms flailing, eyes bugging. 
Denise screamed, starting the panic. 
“Out the way!” Manny barked. The stocky janitor fought through the crowd clotting the door and tackled the convulsing teacher.
He was stout enough to keep Peck down—but just barely. “What’s he on?” 
Teachers from the adjacent classrooms poured in and piled on. They finally subdued Mr. Peck, but not before the semi-conscious teacher’s bladder emptied involuntarily.
“Eww,” Denise groaned, and turned to Drew. “What is he on?”
But Drew didn’t answer.
CHAPTER 3
The bus lurched forward, getting up to speed before slowing down again when the light turned red. They were almost half-way home and they’d already dropped off half of the kids, so Drew didn’t need to share a seat. 
He buttoned his jacket and pressed his face against the cold window. The cars fared no better than the bus in the snow and slush, and traffic was heavy at three-thirty in the afternoon. 
Fear of dreaming kept him from sleeping more than a few minutes at a time, but it was quiet now, inside the bus and inside his head, so he closed his eyes… 
“What happened?” Clementine asked. 
When Drew didn’t answer right away, Parker answered for him. “Peck lost it…” 
She tucked her gloved hands into her pockets and slid into the seat behind Drew. “What do you know?” 
Parker lay sprawled across the back seat, wearing his varsity jacket backward. He held up his cell phone, replaying the footage Denise shot earlier. “Saw the whole thing.”
“Had some kind of seizure or something,” Drew said. “He just started shaking and twitching…”
“Man, he was trippin’,” Parker giggled. “Wish I had some of whatever he was on.”
Clementine’s aqua green eyes ignited. “Guess ‘til then you’ll have to stick to huffing paint.” 
Parker’s jaw clenched. She’d been there when the cops caught him behind the Seven-Eleven and couldn’t deny her innuendo. Rather than risk becoming the guest of honor at his own celebrity roast, he put his earbuds back in and cranked up the volume.  
“Denise told me he went into some kinda coma,” Clementine said. “Like, the whole school’s talking ‘bout it.” 
“Coma?” Drew repeated, “you sure?”
“Positive,” she said. “What’s that?”
“What?”
“In your pocket…”
He’d almost forgotten about the half-eaten candy bar. “That was on Mr. Peck’s desk.” 
She took a whiff and caught a faint hint of ammonia. “Smells bad. Can chocolate spoil?”
“Dunno,” Drew said. “But…”
“Kinda smells like the closet where ol’ boy kept Romeo and Juliet,” she said. 
He’d thought the same thing. But Dick Frost was gone for good. This couldn’t be Enzyme Seven…
“Then what do you call that?” Newton asked. He was a few seats ahead of them, but his shrill voice carried.
“Bro, you need glasses,” Grady said.
“Got ‘em!” Newton said, “And they’re thick.”
“Then get thicker ones,” Grady said.
Clementine followed Drew up the aisle. 
“What ya looking at?” she asked.
Newton pulled back his hood before answering. “Some school blew up. Literally.”
The shaky YouTube video playing on his tablet documented the aftermath of some kind of natural disaster.
“Where’s that?” Drew asked.
Spider said something, but they couldn’t hear him with his chin buried in his parka, so he said it again. “Texas.” 
Clementine picked an errant feather from Grady’s down vest and blew it gently down the aisle. “Tornado?”
“That’s what I told ‘im,” Grady said.
“What’s the news say?” Drew asked.
“Ain’t on the news,” Newton said, “it’s on YouTube.” 
Clementine unzipped her ski jacket and took off her gloves. “Who submitted it?” 
Newton scrolled up to the submitter’s profile picture. 
She took her slouchy off and let her hair fall free. “A Smiley-Face?” 
“How’d you find it?” Drew asked, “Somebody send you a link?”
“I typed in schools blowing-up,” Newton said.
“Wow, that ain’t creepy,” Clementine muttered.
“I do it all the time,” Newton said, “just start typing in stuff…like when I’m bored.”
“You should probably tell a psychiatrist or something,” Clementine said, “if they knew what you was doing in your spare…” 
She stopped talking when Newton started typing again. “What are ya doing now?”
“Typing…’cause I’m bored,” he said. “Because you’re talking…”
“Whatever,” she said. 
“Dude, you ain’t seen the best part yet,” Grady said.
Newton rewound the footage frame by frame. “There…What’s that look like to you?”
Drew leaned in. “Motorcycle?”
Newton shook his head. “Monocycle.”
The blurry image left itself open to interpretation. Whatever was on the footage was moving so fast it only registered every other frame.
Clementine ran her finger across the screen. “Where’s that road go?”
Newton wiped her prints away with his scarf. “I dunno…must be under construction.” 
“Looks like it just stops in the middle of the air,” she said.
The bus rolled to a stop and the door whooshed open, ending their debate before they’d finished. They were the next to last stop on the route which meant they didn’t get home until almost four. They gathered their books and coats, and climbed down the steps through the diesel fog spewing from the tailpipe.
Newton buttoned his coat and threw his scarf over his shoulder. “Who’s that?” 
The anonymous gray sedan passed the bus on its way into the tight alley before rolling to a lethargic stop. The boxy blankmobile’s doors opened and emptied its occupants into the alley.
“G-Men,” Drew said. 
He didn’t know what alphabet soup acronym they were operating under, but recognized the government-issue suits from the last time they’d shown up, after they came back from Transylvania Island. And while their anachronistic suits were strange, there was something stranger still in their herky-jerky motion.
“We should bounce,” Grady said.
Before they could figure out what the suits wanted, a van appeared at the far end of the narrow back alley, tires screeching in protest as it rounded the corner. 
“Who’s this?” Newton asked.
The airbrushed mural on the van’s side panel depicted a primordial fantasy tableau using the standard iconography with one notable exception.
“That a Smiley-Face or a sun?” Spider asked. 
“Smiley-Face,” Drew said. 
“Betcha they’re those groupies that follow the band around,” Newton said, “What’d Lazy-Eye Susan used to call ‘em?”
“Acolytes,” Drew said.
The van’s rusty doors slid open unleashing a puff of fragrant incense. Three hippie chicks appeared wrapped in bangles, scarves, and shawls, their faces covered by ceremonial masks. 
The tallest of the three stepped forward, long pink braids whipping back and forth, preening and posing like she was at some kind of photo shoot. 
“That ain’t Lazy-Eye Susan,” Spider said, “she’s way too young…”
“And way too smokin’ picante,” Grady added.
One of the G-Men pushed forward, his gaze shaded by the brim of his hat. His nervous twitch differentiated him from the rest of his horn-rimmed, button-downed brethren. By comparison, he seemed almost flamboyant.
“Check it out,” Grady said, “Clark Bent is making his move…”
Pink-Braids strutted toward him with the same confidence.
“What do we do?” Newton whispered.
“Wait and see what happens,” Drew said. 
Clementine agreed. “Not like we gotta choice.” Boxed into the narrow alley at both ends, getting past either contingent wouldn’t be easy.
Pink Braids reached beneath her robe. “Guess you wanna go a few rounds with the neighborhood champ.” 
“What is that?” Newton asked. “An umbrella?”
Her hand fit inside the leather bellows up to her elbow like a gauntlet. They waited for her to unfold it, but instead she aimed it like a gun. 
Clark Bent didn’t flinch. Maybe he should have.
She squeezed the trigger. The bellows exhaled and the copper tip flashed. 
The G-Man’s chest exploded and his knees buckled. He fell forward before rolling over on his side, a multitude of silver needles sticking out of his chest and neck.
Seeing the G-Man go down was the catalyst Drew and the others needed. They bolted from the scene in every direction, sliding between block walls and climbing over chain link fences.
***
The jailbreak caught Acolytes and G-Men alike off guard, but only for a moment. 
Drew waited to see if anybody followed before sprinting across 3rd Street as the light turned green. 
The oncoming taxi screeched to a stop inches before bouncing him across the busy street. Drew rolled over the cab’s hood like a seventy’s TV detective, slipping into the alley before the hirsute cabbie got out swearing at him.
The G-Man entered the alley a few seconds later, pinballing off the graffiti-covered brick wall before knocking over a cluster of garbage cans on his way out to 4th Street. 
Drew waited until he was sure he was gone before climbing down the rickety fire escape hanging above the dumpster. 
He took out his phone and tapped out a text. “Meet me at the Windmill. Don’t tell nobody else.”
He turned to leave but another figure appeared at the far end of the alley. At first he thought the G-Man tricked him by pretending to leave, but he didn’t remember any of them wearing blue berets.
Drew turned the other direction but a black SUV pulled in to block the alley’s 3rd Street entrance. The door opened and a big man dressed in black wearing the same kind of beret stepped out. 
“Runyon…” 
The Colonel’s jagged features eroded into something like a smile. “You remembered. I’m flattered.” 
They’d only met once, but the image of the mustachioed captain dangling by his ankles from the roller coaster remained vivid even after so many years. 
Drew tried picturing himself squeezing past Runyon but decided the alley was too narrow. “What’s up, homey?”
Runyon sighed nonchalantly. “Oh, you know, the usual.”
“Guess you made it outta that trap the Cryptos set for ya on the island.” 
“Guess I did,” Runyon said, “though no thanks to you.”
“You know how it is,” Drew said, “Sometimes ya gotta make tough choices.”
Runyon agreed. “Sure kid, I understand. No hard feelings.”
Drew didn’t think Runyon tracked him down to catch up on old times, so he waited for him to reveal his true motive.
“So where ya headed?” Runyon asked.
“I was just on my way back from school.”
Runyon gestured toward the idling SUV. “Wanna ride?”
“Ain’t ya at least gonna offer me a lollipop or something to come with ya?”
“You got it all wrong, kid,” he said, “I just wanna talk to ya.”
“And if I say no?”
“Then I’d say I can’t take no for an answer.” 
Drew threw his hands up and bounced on the balls of his feet, feinting and jabbing in preparation.
“I like your moxie kid, but you’re fighting out of your weight class.”
“You ain’t that big,” Drew said.
Runyon opened his coat flap to reveal the gun beneath. “Neither is a bullet. But you know what it can do, right?”
“You ain’t gonna shoot,” Drew said. “Too many witnesses running around.”
Runyon tapped his watch. “Won’t have to.”
Drew’s legs grew heavy and his arms dropped to his sides. “What’s happening?”
He swung at Runyon but missed, his aim skewed by the sudden onset of double-vision. 
“Take it easy,” Runyon said, and kept talking, but his words stretched and distorted until they lost all meaning.
Drew’s horizon contracted, shrinking to the size of a dot before fading to black. 
Runyon waited until he collapsed and dialed a number on his cell. “Yeah… got him…”
***
Newton waited beneath the underpass until dark to make his move. Seeing bulldozers and dump-trucks parked among the miniature golf course’s fairy-tale castles and storybook cottages meant they were ramping up construction, and each time he was there might be for the very last time. 
He avoided the floodlights, climbing the security fence like a cat—before getting stuck on the top. 
“Another few seconds and somebody woulda had to open a can of tuna,” he muttered, but made it down on his own. He crawled past the decapitated gnomes guarding the ninth hole and made it to the Windmill the hardhats used as a tool shed. 
Clementine cracked the door open before he could knock. “What took ya so long?” 
Newton didn’t expect to see her there, but she was stuck in the same groove as he was—as they all were. The Windmill they’d spent so much time at before, remained their sanctuary, especially when there was trouble.
 “Had to make sure no one was following, so I ran all over the place,” Newton lisped. 
“Did ya Zagzig?” Spider asked.
Newton answered with a self-assured nod of his head. “Yeah.” 
“Zagzig?” Clementine said, “Don’t ya mean zigzag?”
“I mean zagzig,” Newton said.
Clementine knew she’d regret it, but asked anyway. “What’s zagzig?”
“The best way to get away from someone chasing ya,” Spider said.
Newton stepped past the lumber stacked against the walls. “Zagzig assumes a right–handed universe…” 
Clementine sighed. “Right handed universe?”
“Yeah, because most of the population is right-handed, it’s easier to make a right turn into traffic,” Newton said. 
She didn’t get it. “So?”
“When you ain’t sure which way to go, most people go right,” Newton said. “So when somebody’s chasing after ya and ya gotta go either right or left, ya turn left.” 
“That makes no sense,” Clementine said.
“The right turns add up over time, eventually throwing the cops off your trail,” Newton said.
“What if you’re in England?”
Now it was his turn to be confused.
“What if you’re in England?” Clementine repeated. “They drive on the opposite side of…”
“They’re on the metric system,” Newton said, “which means…”
“Did ya go home and change coats?” Spider asked.
Newton cocked his head. “Zagzig means that you do the opposite of…”
“Then where’s the blood?” Grady asked. “Dude, you was closest to the G-Man when that chick capped ‘im. Why ain’t ya covered in blood?”
“What’s the green stuff on your sleeves?” Spider asked.
“Don’t know,” Newton said, “musta rubbed up against some wet paint or...wait…where’s Drew?
“Ain’t here,” Spider said.
“That’s weird,” Newton said, “he sent me a text telling me to…”
“He hit us all up,” Clementine said, “asked us to meet him here.”
“Maybe he’s still on the run,” Newton said.
“Dude, but running from who?” Grady asked. 
Seeing the G-Men after so many years was unexpected, but not inexplicable. Seeing the Acolytes after watching the YouTube clips left them suspicious. The coincidence was too coincidental.
“Yeah. Yeah. Something musta happened to bring all that heat down on us,” Spider said. 
“They knew we’d be at the bus stop,” Clementine said. 
“If they know where we go to school, they can figure out where we live,” Spider said. 
Newton’s phone buzzed and he answered. He turned his back for some privacy, keeping his voice to a whisper. 
“Drew?” Spider said.
Newton hung up. “His mom.” 
Clementine folded her arms against her chest expectantly. “And?” 
“She’s looking for him, too.” 
“He ain’t there…he ain’t here…where is he?” Clementine asked.
The floorboards behind her creaked and they fell silent. They stood transfixed, waiting for them to creak again…and then they did.
“W-w-who goes there?” Newton stammered.
Seeing the wizened ghost stunned them, leaving them fumbling for words adequate to express their confusion. 
“How long ya been back there?” Clementine asked.
The old woman unstrapped her trapper hat, letting long strands of coarse gray hair escape from beneath. “To tell ya the truth, I been here for a few weeks now.”
“How do you say surprise in Portuguese?” Grady mumbled.
“Surpresa,” Spider said.
She crept out a little further, unbuttoning a man’s coat one size too big for her. Her thin lips parted to show crooked teeth worn by the years, her weary gray eyes coming to life before them. “My stars, I hardly recognized ya. Y’all have grown so much, and I shrink a bit more each year.”
The awkward reunion unleashed all kinds of emotions they’d put away along with her memory. It’d been four years since they’d last seen Lazy-Eye Susan, and they had four years worth of questions Clementine condensed into a single cogent, query; “What happened?” 
Susan pulled her baggy pants up and cleared her throat. “Everything kinda went to hell after Jamphibian broke loose.”
Jamphibian. The stunted creature they’d brought into the world was doomed from birth. Frankensteined from their DNA and birthed by Enzyme Seven, he was their primal Adam, disowned and disinherited after his rampage through an unsuspecting city. 
“Did the cops get ya?” Newton asked. “Did they arrest ya?”
“It’s a long story,” Susan said.
Her stories always were, but Clementine, like the rest of them, wanted to hear it. “Start at the beginning.”
“Alright,” Susan said, “This story starts ‘cross the pond, in the shadow of the Carpathian Mountains…”
***
The snow started the night before, carpeting the forested valley by dawn. But the shifting weather made no difference to the assembled platoon standing naked in the Romanian monastery’s courtyard.
Jamphibian-12 was the same as Jamphibian-13, who was the same as…Each towering mass of inverted muscle and exposed bone identical to the one before, after, or next to it, and none of them worth a damn Doctor Camaro decided.
“Maybe we can use you as kamikazes,” he panted. He’d broken a sweat despite his heavy parka. But he was a scientist not a soldier and unaccustomed to the physical demands the platoon’s training placed on him. 
“Company, march!” he shouted.
His platoon didn’t answer. The backpacks strapped to their hulking torsos fed them current modulated at the appropriate frequency. The juice kept them alive, though they could hardly be called living. The cloning process amplified errors in the original Enzyme Seven-enhanced DNA. Bandages staved off infection but tumors started growing as soon as they left their incubation pods, spreading with such tenacity that they were now more cancer than creature. 
Camaro stopped to wipe the condensation from his glasses. Like the Clones, his face was too big for his head, his features curving to fit his skull like some kind of bearded goldfish. 
The drill resumed. “Company, march!” 
Movement in the corner of his eye raised his hopes for an instant, but Jamphibian-13 stopped just as suddenly as he’d started. 
Camaro marched through the ranks until he stood toe to toe with the class valedictorian. 
He pressed in on the Clone’s chin. The lower jaw extended well past his heavy skull, exposing the teeth within. Each tooth corresponded to a letter or number, thirty-six in all. The bionic keyboard allowed them to send and receive messages in the field, theoretically.
Runyon entered another command and closed the keyboard the same way he’d opened it.
“Hey Tubby…”
Against his better judgment, he craned his neck up at the tower and his audience of one.
“Maybe ya start with the basics,” Lazy-Eye Susan giggled. “Try throwing a stick and see if they go fetch!”
***
She caught her reflection in the cell’s mirror, one of the few concessions they’d allowed her beside the surplus army cot and cracked chamber pot. She pulled her parchment skin back around the edges until it was taught.  
“Ya lost weight,” Susan muttered. “Confinement seems to agree with ya.” 
The deadbolt slid back and the heavy oak door swung open. Doctor Camaro stepped into the cell, bumping his head on the door way casing like he did every time he came to visit. 
Susan muffled her laughter, knowing the pudgy Doctor’s temper. He’d hit her after her first escape attempt, but she’d hit him back—hard enough to blacken his eye. Since then, they shackled her whenever they moved her. But she didn’t mind the shackles as much as the prison scrubs they made her wear. She never cared for that particular shade of blue.
She followed him out of her cell and into the narrow stone corridor.
Camaro climbed the winding steps to the next level before pausing to catch his breath. He unzipped his parka, letting his belly hang over his belt.
“Ya put on weight since ya got here,” Susan said, “a nice layer of blubber to keep yourself warm during the long Romanian winters?”
“Shut-up,” he said. He shifted his bag from his right hand to his left, and punched in his code. The gothic chapel’s double-doors whooshed open to welcome them.
“After you,” he said, and followed Susan into the laboratory.
Most of the incubation pods were empty, but not all of the Clones made it through the process. Those that didn’t remained suspended in the deep blue embryonic fluid that sustained them during their gestation.
“Poor things,” she muttered, “trapped ‘twixt being born and being unborn.” 
Gulliver Grimsby wasn’t as lucky, though just as trapped. Her ritual bound his wandering soul to one of the same clumsy meat-suits, assuming they hadn’t already cut him up like a tenth grade biology class frog. 
Camaro opened the safe and grabbed one of the stainless-steel cylinders from inside. He paused to watch the liquid flow back and forth through the glass window cut into the container. 
“What’s that stuff’s street value?” she asked.
“What?”
“Must be a real seller’s market out there for something like Enzyme Seven,” she said. “A smart fella could make himself a whole lotta...”
“A smart fella is already well compensated.”
“I’m sure ya made out alright for yourself,” she said. “Still, can’t be easy.”
“What do you mean?”
“Playin’ second fiddle to your boss,” she said.
“It’s cooler in the shadows than it is in the spotlight.”
“Glad to hear it,” she said. “I mean, lotsa partnerships go on for years without any kinda friction, both partners getting their fair share of credit. Robin and Batman, Watson and Holmes, Garfunkel and Simon…”
“Come on,” he said, and dragged her out of the chapel.
***
He stood by the idling Audi wrapped in the field jacket he favored for winter days, a sentimental reminder of his time in the Navy. Steam rose from his gleaming bullet-head, but Dick Frost was numb to the cold, and most everything else.
He checked his watch, again. “Already behind schedule.”
His deep baritone conjured her forth, and she appeared in the monastery’s vaulted doorway, clutching the infant to her chest. 
He turned to face her, his long shadow, lengthened further by the setting sun’s acute angle. “You’re late, Mrs. Frost.” 
She’d gone by Croy for so long that she still wasn’t used to answering to her new name, but she did love the sound of it. “I was ready, Richard. I just like making you wait.”
She tiptoed across the courtyard’s frosted cobblestones like a ballerina, turning her ankle halfway across. 
He reached out to grab her, catching her in his arms before she fell.
“I wouldn’t have to wear heels if you weren’t so damn tall,” she complained, but feeling safe in his arms was what she liked best about him. 
He fell to one knee and helped her slip back into her shoe. “Stop complaining, Cinderella.”
“Here,” she said, and handed him the baby. 
Watching him squirm while playing daddy was adorable, at first. It’d been a difficult pregnancy but the worst was behind them. She waited for him to grow into his new role, but the days turned to weeks and the weeks to months. She waited still. 
She buttoned her fur and went over the checklist one more time, knowing if she forgot something she wouldn’t have a chance to come back for it. “Think I got everything.”
He handed the baby back to her. “You changed your hair.”
She ran her fingers through her streaky blonde highlights. “Nothing gets past you. I changed it last week.”
He opened the car door, letting out a rush of warm air. “There’s been a change of plans.” 
Her soft brown eyes hardened. “What do ya mean? We’re still flying out tonight, aren’t we?” 
“We are…” 
“Thank goodness,” she said. “I don’t think I can take another day in this god-forsaken place.” The idea of living in the gothic ruins had a romantic allure at first, like the trashy romance novels she’d read during her pregnancy. But drafty halls and erratic plumbing rubbed the idyllic patina away to reveal the harsh reality beneath. 
She buckled the child into the safety seat and slid into the backseat next to her. 
Frost shut the door behind them. “I’m gonna ride ahead.” 
Her eyes shifted from the black ’68 Eldorado back to him. Reading him was impossible, his emotions masked by unchanging black doll’s eyes. “What’s wrong?”
“Nothing.”
But she knew better than that. “You never did say why we’re leaving.” 
“A moving target’s harder to hit,” he said. He tapped the driver’s window and watched the Audi pull out of the courtyard on to the icy mountain road. “How long have you been standing there?”
“Just a minute,” Doctor Camaro said. He stepped out of the doorway, dragging his prisoner out with him.
“The travel guide said this was a four-star dungeon,” Lazy-Eye Susan complained, “I’d give it two stars tops.”
Frost smiled. “Homesick?”
“Just a touch,” she said.
“You could be back in your gingerbread house tonight,” Frost said. 
“Don’t know if’n I got enough travel miles saved up on my broomstick to swing it,” she said.
His jaw clenched. “I wonder if you’re more trouble than your worth.”
“I am.”
“I can put you back in your cell but you’re just gonna break out again,” he said. 
She gave him an exaggerated wink. “Got more tricks than that up my sleeve.” 
“The locals are a superstitious by nature,” he said. “They wonder why we’re keeping an old woman prisoner.”
“Reckon they’ll be showing up with torches and pitchforks any day now,” she said. “Why not just let ‘em burn me at the stake?”
 Because we can’t do what you did,” he admitted, though not without visible discomfort. “The clones lived through the process, but they aren’t alive…they’re…”
“Ya got the body, but ya still need the soul,” she said. “And that’s one trick I ain’t gonna show ya.”
Frost’s polite smile disappeared. “You can be on a first class flight back to the states or riding in the back of a surplus army truck for the next six hours. Your choice.”
***
The truck jerked from one side of the road to the other, bouncing Lazy-Eye Susan between the trailer’s steel walls. “Take it easy, Igor!” she said, but the partition between them let the driver ignore her.
Her cuffs chaffed her wrists but the monobrowed guard sitting opposite her flashed an unsympathetic snaggletooth smile.
“Guess you boys get medical, but not dental,” she said.
“Shut-up,” Napoleon ordered.
The other Blue Berets called him Napoleon because of his French accent and his diminutive stature. She made a joke about French paratroopers being trained to jump back into planes during WWII and they’d been enemies ever since. 
Susan watched the rugged scenery pass through the opening in the truck’s billowing cargo flap. Frost’s Cadillac trailed behind them, leading a convoy of trucks stretching across the crooked road for nearly half a mile. The locals carved the high mountain pass from the rock centuries ago and the route was treacherous under the best conditions, though traffic was nonexistent. 
She smiled. That wasn’t entirely true. She’d seen a fender bender between two donkey-driven carts through her cell window at the monastery the previous autumn. “What are the odds?” 
The truck jerked again. She pounded on the divider, but the driver cranked the radio up loud enough to drown her out. 
“If ya hain’t deaf, ya gonna be,” she sighed. 
“…with no explanation why reports from the Mt. Palomar observatory were being censored. Despite independent verification of the incident from amateur astronomers, NASA spokesman Dan Flavin issued a statement later in the day but…” 
“Sounds like the BBC,” Susan said. But the driver wasn’t interested in the news, and kept scanning for a song he knew. 
She closed her eyes, determined to get some sleep before they got to the air field. She wasn’t sure where Frost was moving her to, but anywhere was better than where she’d been.
The radio faded in and out, the signal cut by bursts of intermittent static. The driver scanned for another station but got nothing.
“Pick a channel,” she moaned, but to no avail. “And just when I was ‘bout to...” 
***
After the truck stopped rolling, Lazy-Eye Susan found herself laying face-down against the roof. Even in her woozy state she knew she didn’t have time to waste. She crawled over Napoleon’s unconscious body and slid out of the back of the inverted truck.
She fought her way through the acrid smoke to get a better idea of her situation. Wreckage blocked the road leading back to the monastery, while fallen timber clogged the path forward. 
“We been ambushed,” Susan said. 
If Frost was still alive, he’d make finding her his priority. If he wasn’t, whoever hit the convoy would work her over until she told them what she knew. 
Bullets spraying across the icy asphalt forced her into action. 
She turned back toward the truck for cover, but fuel leaking from the ruptured gas tank ignited. 
She climbed over the edge of the road and stumbled down the jagged incline. 
Pines erupting out of the slope every few feet slowed her descent, adding cover from the bullets whistling by her. “If’n I can just make it to the valley down yonder…
***
“…I knew I’d be safe,” Lazy-Eye Susan said, and collapsed into a chair from sheer exhaustion.
They couldn’t blame her. It was quite a story, and some of it might have even been true. 
“What about Frost?” Spider asked. “They get ‘im?”
“Can’t say for sure,” Susan answered, “but somebody will be coming after me.”
“Think we just met ‘em” Spider said, “Buncha weird guys in suits with glasses. And they mighta got Drew.” 
“But we don’t know who they are,” Grady said. 
Newton pulled up an artist’s rendering of the subject in question on his laptop. “They call ‘em the Odd Botkins. Looks like they’re some kinda gang or something. Like the Mafia.” 
 “That’s our boy,” Spider said, and the others agreed, though the picture looked like a police composite sketch of every suspect there’d ever been.
Grady swapped his shades for the specs he recovered from the scene. “Must be the glasses.” 
Susan grabbed the glasses for a closer look. “Hain’t seen a pair of these in years.” 
“Glasses?” Newton asked.
“These hain’t glasses,” Susan said. 
But Newton didn’t see anything special about them. “Then what are they?” 
“Used to sell ‘em outta the back of comic books,” Susan said, “called ‘em Hypno-Specs.” 
“Hypno-Specs,” Spider repeated. “They work?”
“Of course not, they were just toys,” Susan said. “Least that’s what I always thought. But I do remember this narc who…”
“Narc?” Clementine said. 
“Reckon ya call ‘em snitches these days,” Susan said, “anyway, this snitch told me Uncle Sam used to supply CIA agents with gear through the ads in the back of comic books back in the Fifties and Sixties. Course, he were stoned outta his head when he told me.”
“There’s no such thing as Hypno-Specs,” Clementine said.
“You remember what they look like?” Susan asked.
“Of course I do,” Clementine said, “they got these big…and they had these…” Try as she might, she found herself grasping for bleary details, like she’d just woken from a fleeting dream. 
Newton sighed. “It’s called the Lois Lane effect…”
“What’s she got to do with anything?” Clementine asked.
“Ever wonder how come a reporter as smart as Lois Lane gets fooled by Clark Kent’s simple disguise?” Newton asked.
“No,” Clementine said. “Never.”
“Clark Kent’s glasses put out a refractive effect that distorts his appearance,” Newton said. “Same thing must happen when Clark Bent wears his glasses.”
Grady took the specs back from Susan and tried them on. “Maybe these are for real…Well? How do I look?”
“Like Malcolm Y,” Clementine said.
Grady’s brow furrowed. “Ya mean Malcolm X?”
“No, I mean Malcolm, why?” Clementine said, “As in, why did you go with those frames?”
Spider squinted hard, but couldn’t see any difference in Grady’s appearance. “How come they don’t work on him?” 
“Might be ‘cause we already know what he looks like,” Susan said, “And you can fool your eyes but ya can’t fool your mind.” 
“But why’d they snatch Drew?” Spider asked. 
“Don’t know who sent ‘em. But they must think that snatching one of ya’ll will lead ‘em to me,” Susan said.
“That explains why they came after us, but what about the Acolytes?” Newton asked.
Susan’s face went blank. “What about ‘em?”
“Nothing,” Clementine said. “We was just thinkin’ some of your pals might be able to help us out.”
Susan scoffed at the notion. “Don’t know how much use they’d be.”
The others played along with Clementine’s awkward attempt to steer the dialog. Either Lazy-Eye Susan didn’t know what the Acolytes were up to or she was lying. Either way, she’d been gone for years and appeared again when the latest trouble started. 
“What’s that beeping?” Newton asked.
Clementine tapped at her phone’s screen. “Oh my God, I gotta go. I’m late.” 
“Where ya goin’?” Grady asked.
“Work,” she said.
“When’d you get a job?” Spider asked.
“It’s an internship,” she said. 
Grady smirked. “So you ain’t getting paid? No remunerado.” 
Spider corrected him. “Unpaid is não remunerado.”
“Its good experience,” she insisted. “And not all of us plan on hangin’ ‘round the block our whole lives.”
“What about Drew?” Newton asked.
“He’s probably on his way home by now,” she said.
“And if he ain’t?” Spider said.
“Then he stopped to get a sandwich,” she said.
“And if he didn’t?” Spider said.
“Let 5-0 deal with it,” she said. 
“The cops?” Newton said. “Like they helped Harley, and Donovan and Ramone last time?”
Clementine stopped short of the door to compose herself. She’d been away for awhile and didn’t want to scrape at any raw nerves her return exposed. “And look what happened to Harley and ‘em when we stuck our noses where they didn’t belong.”
She waited a moment longer for someone to challenge her, but nobody did, because nobody could. She grabbed her backpack and kicked the door open. “This ain’t us sitting around an Xbox playin’ Call of Duty or something. This is real life.” 
CHAPTER 4
Molly’s smile faded when the elevator door opened and she saw the weather-bimbo’s publicity posters going up. “Look at those hips. She shouldn’t be posing on the beach. She outta be lying on a silver tray with an apple in her mouth surrounded by garnish.” 
She reached into her bag, ready to take a marker to the glossy print but the commotion down the hall distracted her. Most days they kept the doors to the editing bays closed, but a small crowd spilling into the hallway piqued her curiosity. 
Molly pushed through the traffic jam. “Doesn’t anybody around here have anything better to do?”
Her not-so veiled threat cleared the room, leaving only her editor and intern behind. “Did you pick up my dry cleaning?”
“Got ‘em last night. I put them in your dressing room,” Clementine answered. 
“Good,” Molly mumbled. “Now, what’s all this?”
“We’re checking out some traffic cam footage we found on YouTube,” PBS explained. “Might be something the network missed.”
What her owl-faced editor meant was it might be something the network ignored. His intentions were sincere, but his working class hero routine got tiresome. 
Molly watched the jittery camera pan across a pile of smoldering ruins. “Where is this?”
PBS took his glasses off and huffed on the lenses, rubbing them against his sleeve until the smudge was gone.  “Small town outside Abilene, Texas.” 
“Tornado scrubbed the place clean?” Molly said.
“That’s what we thought,” PBS said, “but there’s nothing in that area on the Weather Channel.”
“Maybe they just missed it,” Clementine said. 
He turned to her, eyebrows arched. “How do you miss a tornado?” 
“You know how reliable our gal is,” Molly said.
PBS conceded the point. Cutting open a chicken and reading the entrails gave just as accurate a forecast as Debbi with an ‘I’ did.
“How’d you find it?” Molly asked.
“Clementine brought it in,” PBS said. “Along with another one in Alabama.”
Molly winked at her protégé. “Knew there was a reason I hired you.” 
PBS rewound the footage. “There’s more…Right there…soldiers…”
“So who are they?” Molly said. “National Guard?”
“No,” PBS said.
“How can you be sure?” she asked.
“I’m in the guard,” he revealed. 
Having never seen him in anything besides a black turtleneck and skinny jeans, picturing him in uniform took some effort.
“I am,” he insisted. “Helped me pay for college. Anyway, those aren’t Guard insignia.” 
“We Googled the patches on their shoulders,” Clementine said. 
Molly dropped her bag and pulled up a chair. “And?” 
“Blue Beret Security,” Clementine said, and brought up their webpage. “Some kind of contractor the feds use when they don’t wanna use the Army.” 
“But why are they there?” Molly asked.
“Maybe this was like terrorists or something,” Clementine said.
“In rural Texas?” PBS shot back. “There’s splashier targets I could think of.”
“What do ya mean?” Molly asked.
“Terrorists blow things up to get attention,” PBS said, “how much airtime do you think the networks will give this story?”
Molly grabbed a candy bar from her bag, tearing open the plain white wrapper with her teeth. “Wait! Rewind a few frames.”
PBS scrubbed through the footage.
“There!” Molly said. “There. What is that?”
PBS strained his eyes, trying to tease more details out of the frame. “It’s a bit blurry. But it looks almost like some kind of…”
“Rainbow,” Molly said.
“Yeah,” he agreed. “Rainbow.”
The ultraviolet color gradient was almost imperceptible, like the prismatic smear gasoline made when swirling across the pavement after a storm.
“Look at the way that thing zagzigs through the sky,” Clementine said. “I ain’t never seen a rainbow do that.”
“Me neither,” Molly said. “Wait…did you say zagzig?”
“That doesn’t mean it’s never happened,” PBS said, “besides, if it isn’t a rainbow, what is it?”
“Dunno,” Molly said, “maybe a weapon.”
“A weapon?” PBS repeated.
“Not a weapon, but the after effects of one,” Molly said, “like a contrail from a plane or exhaust from a missile or something.”
Clementine opened a new browser window and ran a search. “Here…In Smiley-Face mythology…” 
Molly leaned in to read the Wikipedia description. “Smiley-Face Witches? Like the band?”
“Like the band,” Clementine said, and dug deeper. “The highway is a metaphorical bridge connecting heaven and earth…” 
“This is good,” Molly said. “What else ya got?”
“Take it easy,” PBS warned, “You’re connecting unconnected dots.”
“That’s what journalism is about,” Molly said, “connecting unconnected dots.”
PBS shook his head. “That’s not…” 
Clementine typed while they went back and forth. “Here… found this earlier…the Zero Album.”
“Zero Album,” Molly repeated, “where have I heard that before?” And then she remembered; it was the name of the record the hippie chick tried to sell her at Cryptopalooza.
Molly kept scooting over until Clementine got the hint and stood up, giving her the room she needed to read the screen. “The band’s last studio album was released without a title. None of their previous albums were titled either, though they were numbered in reverse, starting with their debut effort known as ‘Four.’ The Zero Album’s songs describe the twilight of the old world and the dawn of the new, a cosmic struggle between…”
“Good job,” Molly said, and offered her hand for a high-five, which Clementine delivered with enthusiasm.
“See what you can dig up on those schools,” Molly said. 
“Absolutely,” Clementine said. “Anything in particular I should be looking for?”
“Anything that connects them beside the explosions,” Molly said. 
“I’m on it,” Clementine said.
***
The Red Cross arrived at dawn, helping the paramedics tend to the wounded while the rest of the volunteers sifted through the rubble looking for survivors. 
“Don’t know what happened,” the sheriff shouted into his phone, “That’s what I’m trying to tell y’all.” That’s what he’d been trying to tell the Governor’s office all morning, but he still couldn’t make them understand.
His gangly Deputy trailed behind him, shaking his head and muttering. “Seen tornadoes rip through the outskirts before, but never seen one tear through the middle of town like this.” 
Sheriff Griffith hung up his phone and pulled his pants up over his gut. “We still ain’t sure it was a tornado.” 
Deputy Barnes shuffled to a stop. “What else could it be?”
Griffith’s face reddened in frustration, but then he remembered his deputy’s youthful inexperience. “Take a look around…There’s collateral damage, sure, but not much.”
The charred bricks smoldered still and the faint smell of ammonia lingered, unexplained. The aftermath was nothing like any tornado they’d ever encountered. 
“Yeah, but if it weren’t no tornado…”
Griffith added another stick of gum to the wad already in his mouth. “We’ll figure it out. Damn shame ‘bout the school, though.” 
It wasn’t a big town, an afterthought for those passing through the interstate on their way to Mobile. But he’d attended Bear Bryant Elementary, and seeing it in ruins saddened him.
“Bet you seen a lotta this kinda thing when you was over there…overseas I mean.”
The sheriff wasn’t even forty, but he’d done two tours in Iraq and wasn’t inexperienced. “I was an MP. Mostly we just checked ID’s.”
“You think this might be some kinda military thing?” Barnes asked. 
“Now what makes ya say that?” the sheriff asked, before following the deputy’s bee-bee eyed gaze to the far end of Main Street.
The convoy weaved through the sparse traffic, parting the sea of curious locals gathered on the scene. The nondescript black Humvees parked just beyond the cordon, deploying armed soldiers around the school’s perimeter.  
“National Guard,” the deputy said.
But their black fatigues and unmarked vehicles suggested otherwise. “Don’t think so,” Griffith said.
“Then what?” 
“Private contractors,” the sheriff said. 
Captain Bell stepped out of the lead vehicle with a cigar jammed into the corner of his mouth. The thick-necked soldier adjusted his crooked beret, scanning the crowd for whoever was in charge. 
“What do we do?” Barnes asked.
“Stop waving your arms around,” Griffith said. “Ya look like one of those inflatable dancing men used car dealers use to promote their selves.” 
“What do we do?” Barnes repeated.
“Take it easy. I’ll handle this,” Griffith said, and shuffled toward the Blue Berets.
Barnes watched the animated conversation at a distance. They went back and forth, each man leaning forward to make their point. But the dialog turned into a monologue when Bell flashed the prerequisite paperwork. 
The sheriff ambled back, shoulders slumped.
“That didn’t take long,” Barnes said.
“Let’s go…”
“What is it?” Barnes asked, “Terrorists?”
“It’s none of our business, is what it is,” the sheriff said.
“What are we gonna do?” Barnes asked, “This town’s our responsibility.”
Griffith knew better than to stick his nose in matters beyond his pay grade, even if his deputy didn’t. “You’re right, this town is our responsibility.”
“Then what are we gonna do?” Barnes asked.
Griffith opened the patrol car’s door. “Mrs. Fletcher said some kids were messing ‘round back near her barn…”
“What about the school?” Barnes asked.
The sheriff climbed behind the wheel. “They’ll call us if they need us.” 
Captain Bell waited for the sheriff to drive away before initiating the forensics protocol. But he didn’t need the team’s report to tell him what happened. He’d seen this kind of surgical strike before—and it wasn’t terrorists. 
He dialed a preprogrammed number on his cell. “Colonel Runyon, I’m on site now…Affirmative…The blast profile is the same as the other school.”
***
Drew limped across the deck in time to jump into the coaster’s last car before it started the next circuit.
The Moonclipper breached the mist beyond the coaster’s highest point, bleeding helium from multiple wounds inflicted to its durable skin. 
Harley clasped his taloned hands together, bringing them down on the crescent moon like a sledgehammer. 
Drew leapfrogged from car to car, scrambling toward the front of the train as it climbed the coaster’s initial slope. 
Harley’s tail tightened around the crescent moon, but still the airship swam through the churning black clouds.
Thunder shook the ancient coaster’s wooden frame but Drew struggled to his feet as the train reached the crest. 
He hoisted the prod and launched… 
Hit! The sharpened tip buried itself deep inside the airship’s rubber shell.
Lightning arced out from the thunderhead and connected with the shaft. 
The jolt charged the airship’s skin, blasting Harley clear. The raging wind lifted him higher and higher until time ticked to a stop. But then gravity grabbed hold and pulled him through the swirling clouds below. 
Drew listened to the wind whistle through the coaster’s resonant architecture. He waited for the half-faced girl and she appeared beside him as the song started. 
She opened her mouth to speak but he couldn’t hear her over the music. 
She called him in closer and whispered in his ear…
***
The drone of the chair powering down woke him from his dream. His eyes adjusted to the flickering fluorescent lighting and he realized where he wasn’t . 
“This ain’t my room,” Drew muttered. 
The dingy upholstery padding the ten by ten cell’s walls indicated abandonment, though not location.
“How’d I get here? Was in the alley running from the G-Men…but then…but then…” He struggled to remember what happened next but the details blurred into a confused collage of sounds and images.
Drew struggled to get up but couldn’t. The leather straps binding him to the chair’s wooden frame kept him from moving, though not from trying. The antiquated mechanism must have been reclaimed from some defunct penitentiary’s death row, repainted and repurposed to suit his captor’s needs, whatever they…
“The chair…”
He remembered the chair because he’d endured it once before, back in Bixby Elementary’s bomb shelter. The experience left him drained and disoriented, wiping out chunks of memory in the process while implanting recollections he’d never experienced before. 
But that was four years ago, and there could only be one man with reason to strap him in again. 
“Frost,” he muttered. 
***
The camera covered most of the grimy cell, though the dim lighting blurred the details. Drew struggled to rise before slumping back down into the chair and starting all over again. 
Colonel Runyon got up to adjust the monitor’s contrast but still wasn’t satisfied. “Can’t hear him.”
Space was at a premium inside the cramped control room, so Doctor Jagger was careful where she set her mug. She lifted her chin out of her cardigan and turned the volume up a few notches. “Sounds like some kinda interference.”
Runyon scowled. The black fatigues added another layer of menace to his already imposing frame, though the pastel beret tempered his hard edge. “Interference? We’re thirty feet down. What interference?”
“Relax!” she huffed. She fiddled with the levels but only made it worse.
“Still can’t hear him,” Runyon grumbled. He picked up the black landline and dialed his extension. The antique rotary model was a cold war relic and a security concession he insisted on, though Jagger didn’t see the point.
She lit another cigarette. “Why’d you bring him in anyway?”
“Had to.”
“But why?” she asked.
“Blue Beret Security wasn’t the only one out there looking for him…Yeah, get me tech support…”
“You make the call?”
“To bring him in?” Runyon asked.
“Yeah…”
“No.”
“Did the client?”
“Call it an executive decision,” he said. “Yeah…No…Tech support.”
Runyon served at the client’s pleasure and she served at his, shooting the tracking chip into Drew when he showed up inside the ER as predicted. But following Runyon’s instructions didn’t mean she agreed with them. “How much longer is this gonna go on?” 
“What?”
“How much longer are we gonna do this?” she said.
He’d developed a pathological disdain for the civilian contractors the project required and would be glad to be rid of them. He was used to issuing orders and subordinates obeying them, something she resisted at every turn. 
“He’s a kid,” Jagger reminded him. “He’s got a breaking...”
Runyon didn’t let her finish. “That’s what I’m counting on. I need to know what he knows.”
She blew a smoke ring in his direction. “Pumping him full of psychoactive drugs won’t get you what you want.”
“Sure it will,” he said, and turned his attention to the tech on the other end of the phone. “Yeah, this is control room six. Send one of your geeks down here.”
Jagger grabbed one of the prescription bottles from the top of the console and read the label. “Ya know what the potential side effects for this one are? Gigantism.” 
She didn’t get a reaction, so she reached for another bottle. “This one may cause goldfish eyes…goldfish eyes? Don’t know what that is but it doesn’t sound good.” 
She grabbed another. “This one has a lot…including Lady-fingers.”
“You made that last one up.”
She showed him the label. 
“Just because it’s spelled the same way doesn’t mean that’s what it is,” he said.
“Even I had to look some of these drugs up,” she said. “We don’t know what kind of long-term effects these drugs will have.”
Her argument left him unmoved. “There’s worse stuff in the junk they’re eating and drinking. Read the label on a can of Red Bull, and then tell me something different.”
“I have, and there isn’t.”
He paused to collect himself. She’d developed a habit of provoking him and he wasn’t going to let her win this time. “I know this kid. He’s a tough little SOB. He can take it, I promise you.”
“You’ve got kids of your own don’t you?”
“Two boys,” he said. 
“Take another look in there,” she said. “That could just as easily be one of your kids strapped to that chair.” 
Runyon’s tone softened. “Doctor, I sympathize, but you don’t know just how important this work is.”
She didn’t know, but that was because they revealed only as much of the project to her as she needed to see. And all she could see was a kid scared out of his mind. 
The phone rang. 
She’d never heard the red hotline ring before. She thought they’d installed it as some kind of inside joke and didn’t think it was even connected. “You gonna answer?”
Runyon picked up. “Control Room Six…No, their extension is 416.”
She smirked. “You really need an unlisted number.”
He hung up but the red hotline rang again.
“Control Room Six,” Runyon said. “Yeah...Yes, this is him.” 
His change in tone signaled the rank of the voice on the other end of the line.  She listened for a few seconds, watching his face for a clue as to what their next order was.
Runyon hung up the phone. “Turn the chair to eleven.”
The chair’s knob only went to ten, but Jagger knew what he meant. “That’ll cause long-term permanent damage. And we don’t know what kind of…”
“Eleven,” Runyon repeated.
She put out her cigarette and folded her arms against her chest. 
“Doctor, I’m talking to you…”
“No…I won’t do it.”
“You will,” Runyon said. “Doctor…”
She waved him off. “Wait…you hear that?”
“Stop stalling and…”
“No!” she insisted, “listen…”
The power inside the control room flickered on and off.
He picked up the phone again. “Thought maintenance fixed all those fuses last week.” 
The lights inside the control room fizzled and detonated. Sparks blasted out from the exploding ceiling panels, bouncing across the tiled floor before burning out.
Jagger’s face paled. “What’s going on?”
Tremors rippled through the foundation, cracking the concrete and buckling the walls. Plaster particulates spraying from the weakening ceiling formed a toxic cloud threatening to choke them into submission. 
Jagger panicked. She’d never been in an earthquake and didn’t know what to do. “We gotta get outta here!” 
Runyon tried the door but it was jammed shut. “Don’t panic.” 
But she was a civilian, not a soldier, and couldn’t help it. She slid under the console and braced herself. 
The shaking stopped after a few seconds and an unsettling quiet fell over the control room. 
He tried the door again and this time it opened. “See? What’d I tell you.”
She hated when he was right, but he wouldn’t be right much longer. A second later and the walls came down around them.
CHAPTER 5
They pushed through Mercy General’s revolving door and entered the tiled lobby, already bustling by noon.
Denise rubbed her boots back and forth across the rubber welcome mat, scraping the slush away before unbuttoning her peacoat. “I hate hospitals.” 
“I know…me too. But it won’t take long,” Clementine promised. “And at least it’s warm in here.”
 “How’d you get stuck with this?” Denise asked.
Clementine unzipped her jacket and took off her slouchy. “Volunteered.”
“What?”
“Mr. Peck got me my internship at the station,” Clementine said. 
“How’s that going?”
“Not as glamorous as I thought it’d be,” Clementine admitted. “Mostly picking up dry-cleaning and buying lottery tickets.”
“Guess ya gotta start at the bottom before ya get your own reality show,” Denise said.
“Reality shows are like the bottom,” Clementine said. “Over here.”
They caught the volunteer working the front desk between bites of her sandwich. “May I help you?” 
While they’d seen each other around the neighborhood, they didn’t know each other by name, so Clementine snuck a glance at the name tag hanging from the girl’s extra-large pastel smock. “Which room is Mr. Peck in?” 
Carla jabbed at the keyboard with remarkable efficiency despite her extravagantly sculpted nails. “Peck…Ain’t nobody named Peck registered.”
“That’s weird,” Clementine said. 
“Think he’s under another name?” Denise asked. “What’s his first name?”
“Don’t know,” Clementine said. “Wait…Peter. I think it’s Peter.”
Denise grinned, knowing she couldn’t help herself. “Peter Peck picked a peck of pickled...”
Carla sipped her soda through a mouth that seemed absurdly small given the size of her head. “Y’all sure ya got the right hospital?” 
“Thought so,” Clementine said, but now she wasn’t sure. Mr. Peck left school by ambulance and Mercy General was the closest hospital. Where else would they take him?
Denise showed Carla the get well card they’d brought with them. “We go to Central…He’s our teacher.”
Carla’s disposition sweetened, her dull eyes coming to life. She held her hand up for a high-five and Clementine delivered.
 “Go Pugs,” Carla said.
 “Go Pugs,” Clementine repeated.
“If he came in by ambulance, they mighta got the name wrong,” Carla whispered. “Happens sometimes when it gets real busy. Y’all can check with administration.”
“Where’s that?” Clementine asked.
“Top floor…Elevators are just down the hall,” Carla said.
They’d only taken a few steps away from the front desk when Clementine felt her phone vibrate. She stopped to answer and wasn’t looking when the security guard brushed past her.
“Sorry,” she mumbled, but the rent-a-cop didn’t slow down.
“What floor did she say?” Denise asked.
“Top floor,” Clementine said. 
Denise hit the button and the elevator door opened. Clementine took a few halting steps forward but didn’t get in. 
“What?”
Clementine turned sideways. “That guard…”
“What do ya mean?”
“He’s wearin’ a blue beret,” Clementine said.
Denise hit the hold button and the doors slid back. “So? He ain’t even cute.”
Clementine watched the stocky guard head toward the hospital’s West Wing. ‘Under Construction’ signs kept visitors from straying too far, which made his interest in the out of order section…curious.
He pushed through double doors marked ‘AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY,’ slyly looking over his shoulder every few feet to make sure he wasn’t being followed. He couldn’t have acted more suspicious without dastardly twirling his mustache, which in his case was attached to his not-so-dastardly neckbeard. 
***
Clementine lowered her surgical mask after passing the nurse’s station. Sorting through the laundry hamper for the scrubs almost sent her into a panic attack, but they needed disguises to get past security. 
Denise said something, but Clementine couldn’t understand her. “Pull your mask down.”
“How’d I let you talk me into this?” Denise moaned. “Who knows what kinda cooties I got crawling all over me.”
“Girls give cooties, boys get ‘em,” Clementine said, but Denise didn’t think it was funny. 
They pushed through the ‘AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY’ doors and paused.
“Where is everybody?” Clementine whispered. 
Not seeing any construction workers during a weekday afternoon seemed curious. And while the dim halls were quiet, they weren’t silent. She could hear the faint mechanical cadence of machinery working. 
“That him?” Denise asked. 
The guard came out of Ward Forty-Two with his hand buried in his pocket. He parked in front of the vending machines next to the elevator, trying to decide what kind of candy bar he wanted.
Clementine yanked Denise back into the door well out of sight.
“Guess he’s alright if ya like older guys,” Denise said. “You gonna talk to ‘im?”
“That’s not why we’re here,” Clementine said.
The guard spent a few frustrating minutes folding and unfolding a dollar bill the machine wouldn’t take before leaving to find the correct change.
“Hope that Zero bar is worth the hassle,” Clementine muttered, and when she was sure he was gone, entered Ward Forty-Two.
***
The ward’s cracked plaster reflected the same general level of neglect afflicting the rest of the hospital, but aside from the uneven lighting, conditions seemed at least tolerable. 
“Twenty beds, twenty patients,” Clementine said. “Men and women, young and old. Nothing special ‘bout any of ‘em.” 
“Clem…”
“What?”
“Over here,” Denise said.
Clementine joined her at Mr. Peck’s bedside. Seeing him laid out like the other patients didn’t shock her as much as it shocked Denise. But seeing him there at all puzzled her. “How come Carla said he wasn’t here?”
“Who’s…”
“The girl at the front desk,” Clementine said.
Denise considered Carla’s motives before deciding there weren’t any. “Paperwork.” 
“What do ya mean paperwork?”
“My mom works for a dentist…”
“Yeah…”
“They’re always losing patient files,” Denise said.
“Losing files is one thing,” Clementine said. “Losing patients is totally something else.”
They stood at his bedside in awkward silence for a moment before Clementine put the card on the night stand beside him.
“Now what?” Denise asked.
“Guess we pay our respects,” Clementine said.
The absence of flowers piqued Denise’s curiosity. “He got family?”
“No,” Clementine said. “His wife died a long time ago and they never had kids.”
“How ya know all that?” Denise asked.
“His Facebook page.” 
“Wonder what’s wrong with ‘im?” Denise asked.
“He’s in a coma.”
“Duh. But why?” Denise asked.
Clementine grabbed his chart. “Subject number 31063423 Peck, Peter.”
“Subject?” Denise repeated. “Guess he don’t have insurance.”
Clementine couldn’t make any sense of the medical gobbledygook. She focused instead on the words she could understand. 
“Why they put all the coma patients in the same ward?” Denise wondered. 
“Maybe they all got the same thing,” Clementine muttered. “Alkaloids…”
“What?”
Clementine waved the chart at her. “Alkaloids.”
“Like the mint?” Denise asked.
“Those are Altoids,” Clementine said. “Alkaloids are in chocolate…”
That got Denise’s attention. “Chocolate?”
The adjacent patient was a college-age girl who appeared to be in otherwise good health. Clementine grabbed her chart and skimmed it. “Alkaloids.”
“Maybe other kinds of foods got alkaloids in ‘em,” Denise said. 
Clementine rifled through the girl’s clothes. 
“What are ya doing now?” Denise asked.
“Just cover me.” 
Denise cracked the door to keep an eye out for trouble. “Just…Hurry up.”
“Nothing,” Clementine said, and moved on to the next bed.
“Hurry…We’ll be in big trouble if they catch us rolling patients,” Denise whispered.
“Wait…Got something!”
Denise closed the door and took the crumpled wrapper from Clementine’s hand. “These are the same kinda bars we’re selling at school. Wait…They’re allergic to chocolate?”
“Don’t know,” Clementine said. She picked another patient and produced another wrapper. 
“They sell these same kinda bars at a lotta schools,” Denise said. “Maybe there was a recall that we didn’t hear about.”
“We woulda heard about a batch of poison chocolate,” Clementine said.
“Maybe this is some kinda serial killer,” Denise said. “Maybe he’s poisoning the chocolate.”
“If he is, then he ain’t any good at his job,” Clementine said. “They’re comatose, not dead.” 
“Organs,” Denise said.
“What?”
“Bet they’re harvesting organs,” Denise said. “Bet that’s what they’re doing.” 
“Wait,” Clementine muttered, “ya hear that?”
“Hear what?” Denise asked.
“Listen,” Clementine said.
Denise held her breath and listened. “The EKG’s are playin’ to the same rhythm.” 
“Weird,” Clementine said. Weirder still were the curious machines bolted to the individual units. 
Denise moved in for a closer look. “Turntables?” 
They weren’t the same kind of turntables she’d seen club DJ’s embarrass themselves with. Vinyl slugs sat inside a recessed cavity, mounted vertically, not horizontally. The stylus carved channel after channel into the ungrooved vinyl, the spindle arm spiraling further out with each rotation. 
“They’re not playin’ records…they’re like recording ‘em,” Clementine said.
“Just ‘cause they look like turntables don’t mean they are,” Denise countered. “Might be some kinda scientific equipment or something.”
Clementine whipped out her phone and started snapping pics. 
“What are ya doing?” Denise asked.
“Working,” Clementine said. 
Denise cracked the door open and resumed her watch. “Hurry.”
Clementine got what she needed and joined her at the door. “Let’s get outta here before the Blueberry comes back with the correct change.” 
***
Parents crowded the train station platform the next morning to bid long, drawn out goodbyes to their kids. The trip to D.C. would be the first time most of them would be away from home, so a little teary nostalgia could be forgiven. 
“This is gonna be so much fun,” Hannah said.
“So much fun,” Kelly agreed.
Clementine dropped her bag. “Oh yeah…Totally.” 
Neither Hannah nor Kelly had a sister, but they looked alike, which made them want to dress alike. This explained why the stereo blondes wore nearly identical peacoats to the station, but didn’t explain why Denise and Tamara arrived dressed almost the same way. 
Clementine looked down at her ski jacket, suddenly self-conscious about her utilitarian choice. 
“Love your hair!” Hannah said.
Denise twirled her jet-black braids between her fingers. “My mom did ‘em last night…for the trip.” 
“Who ya texting?” Hannah asked.
The corners of Tamara’s mouth rose, emphasizing her prominent cheek bones. “Brian and Blake and ‘em. They scored some EZ8.” 
She finished her text and noticed Hannah trying to hide her apprehension. “You never tripped on EZ8?” 
Hannah’s dimpled cheeks flushed. “What’s it like?” 
“Like floating in an ocean, except there’s no ocean,” Tamara said.
“Then what?” Hannah asked.
Tamara pulled her dense black curls into a ponytail. “Memories. Just trippin’ on memories.”
Hannah’s brows arched in response. “Memories?”
“Like everything you ever did, or ever might do, all happening all at once,” Tamara said. “Kinda hard to explain.”
Kelly’s pale blue eyes flickered with excitement. “This party is gonna be fantabulous!” 
Tamara smoothed another layer of balm over her full lips before smacking them together. “Oh, totally fantabulous!”
They checked their bags, giving Denise a chance to pull Clementine aside. “Hey, Nancy Drew…You alright?”
“Just excited ‘bout the trip,” Clementine said. “Heard it’s gonna be fantabulous!”
Denise knew better. “This ain’t about the hospital, is it?”
Clementine paused to collect her thoughts before answering. “How come they didn’t have Mr. Peck registered?” 
“Paperwork,” Denise said, “my mom works in a dentist’s office and…”
“I know,” Clementine said, “they’re always losing patient files.”  
“Always,” Denise said.
“But what about all those other patients all lying there? And all of ‘em with alkaloids? Just seems…”
“Weird?” Denise said. “It is. But that don’t mean there some kinda evil plot going on. Somebody just messed up at the factory. The lawyers will sue ‘em outta business and that’ll be that.”
“Yeah, guess you’re right,” Clementine said, but her easy capitulation wasn’t convincing.
“Maybe you like it,” Denise said.
“Like what?”
They were both at Bixby when Harley, Donovan, and Ramone disappeared, and rumors of Clementine’s involvement lingered still, even if Denise knew better. “Maybe you like the weird.” 
“No, I like the normal,” Clementine said. “And I been practicing.” 
“Practicing what?” 
“Being normal,” Clementine said.
Denise tried not to smile. “Show me.”
Clementine cleared her throat and wiped the expression from her face. She stood motionless for a few seconds before Denise finally cracked up.
Mr. Dawson took another head count beyond their enclave. “Are we missing someone?” he asked, but kids and parents alike ignored him, which wasn’t easy. The sable hat was a practical choice in the dead of winter, but the leather trench coat remained inexplicable. 
He counted again and this time came up with one extra. “Debbie, will ya at least pretend you’re sober and help me out here?” 
Ms. Coburn dismissed him with an elegant wave of her hand. The red leather gloves matched the red wool coat which matched her red felt hat, like some kind of post-menopausal Little Red Riding Hood. That’s what he’d thought, though not what he’d said when he got to the station.
“Miss Coburn…” 
“Miss Coburn!”
She rolled her eyes, not even bothering to face him. “Just count the damn slips. If all the slips are there, the kids are there.”
Mr. Dawson’s jaw tightened. “Alright kids, if one of you winds up with your face on a milk carton, don’t blame me.” 
“Milk carton?” Kelly asked. “What is he talking about?”
“Who knows,” Tamara said. “Where’s Clem?”
“Yeah, where is Clem?” Hannah echoed. 
Denise scanned the immediate vicinity but didn’t see her. “She was just here a minute ago.”
***
Newton picked through the candy while trying to keep his eyes from the skin mags on the newsstand’s top shelf. 
“Hey Harry Potter,” the greasy clerk grunted, “Libraries are for lookin’ newsstands are for buying.”
Grady laughed. “Harry Potter…”
Newton caught his reflection in the newsstand’s glass case and sighed. He finished the transaction and dragged his bag to the kiosk where Spider waited.
“When do we make our move?” Grady asked.
Newton caught Clementine creeping up behind Spider from the corner of his eye but didn’t let on. “Wait ‘til the conductor sounds the last boarding call.”
She jammed her knee into the back of Spider’s, folding him in half. “Nice mittens.”
Spider recovered and buried his hands in his bulky parka’s pockets. “Already lost two pairs of gloves this winter and my mom wouldn’t let me leave the house no other way.”
“Heard from Drew yet?” she asked, but she could tell by their expressions they hadn’t.
Newton buttoned his duffle coat’s last button. “How’s Mr. Peck?” 
“Dropped the card off last night,” she said.
Newton waited for more details but didn’t get any. “And?”
“He’s in a coma,” she said.
“That all?” Spider said.
“That’s all,” she said.
Her reluctance to volunteer anything made Newton curious, but he didn’t say anything.
“What are you doing here anyway?” Spider asked.
“I just came to see what kind of trouble you’re gonna get yourselves in.”
“Dude, we ain’t gonna get in any trouble, ‘cause we gotta plan to find Drew,” Grady boasted.
She plucked an errant feather out of his down vest and blew it away. “A plan?”
“Lazy-Eye Susan helped us figure it out,” Grady said.
“And that worked so good last time,” she said. “So what’s your big plan?”
Grady waved a scrap of paper in her face. “Dude, I got my mom to fill out the permission slip, but I didn’t turn it in. Told the teacher I wasn’t allowed to go.”
“Yeah. Yeah. That’s what we all did,” Spider said. “Teachers will think we’re here, folks will think we’re down there.”
Newton flashed his debit card. “And we got cash for food and guns and missiles and stuff.”
“Missiles?” Clementine said, “ya think you’re gonna find a missile at the pawn shop or something?”
“You know what I mean,” Newton said, “And ‘cause we packed for the trip, we don’t have to go back home for no clothes.”
“So, do ya see ‘em?” she asked.
Grady looked around before answering. “See who?”
“The Odd Botkins,” she said.
“No,” Grady said, “but that don’t mean they ain’t there.”
Newton raised his collar and threw his scarf over his shoulder—again, a nervous tic she’d almost forgotten. “We just gotta remember what Miss Susan told us.”
Spider nodded. “Yeah. Yeah. What’d she say again?”
“Don’t stare at ‘em,” Newton said. “Don’t make eye contact. That’s how the Hypno-Specs work.”
The boarding whistle blew, signaling the train’s imminent departure. 
“Guess this is it,” Newton said.
“Guess so,” Clementine said. “Good luck.”
“Yeah,” he said, “Have fun in D.C.”
She watched them filter through the meandering crowd toward the access tunnel, wondering how they’d get by without her. “Take a good look at ‘em, cause they’re probably gonna die.”
She grabbed her bag and caught up with the Janes, who still hadn’t boarded.
“Where’d you disappear to?” Kelly asked.
“Just had to…buy some gum,” Clementine said. 
A bottleneck formed at the car’s entrance, resulting in more pushing and shoving than decorum allowed. 
“Excuse you,” Denise huffed.
The tall stranger bumped into her but didn’t stop. He kept going, brushing past her like she was invisible.
Denise pouted. “Some people!” 
The stranger was no stranger, and Clementine recognized him from the encounter at the bus stop. “Clark Bent…” 
“What did ya say?” Tamara asked.
He was tougher to spot on the crowded platform where he blended in just like any other businessman. But he shouldn’t have been there at all. 
“They shot him in the chest,” Clementine muttered. But the Botkins looked alike and mistaking one for another wasn’t too far-fetched. She studied him a little longer trying to decide, but there was no mistaking the distinctive stop-motion gait. 
She waited for him to recognize her, but he didn’t. “Maybe he didn’t see Newton and ‘em, either.” 
Clementine moved with the traffic, shuffling forward while looking back over her shoulder.
“Who ya looking for?” Hannah asked.
“Nobody,” Clementine said. She stepped into the car and watched the Botkin head for the access tunnel. 
The door closed, sealing her in…and then opened back up. “Let me out!” Clementine demanded, and pushed her way out of the car. 
Denise flattened her face against the car window. “Where ya goin’ now?”
But Clementine was already gone.
CHAPTER 6
They entered the tunnel through the steel ‘DO NOT ENTER’ door and made their way along the track.
“Dude, ya sure this is the right way?” Grady asked.
“The tunnel leads out to the loading bay and the loading bay leads back to Front Street,” Newton explained. “The fewer parents we see the less chance we got of getting ratted out to our folks.” 
Emergency lights ran the length of the tunnel, cast-iron fixtures set into recessed cavities every few feet. The lights glowed red when the track was in use, and the track was in use, which made them nervous. 
“Tunnel ain’t as wide as I thought it’d be,” Spider said.
“It’s wide enough,” Newton said.
“Yeah, yeah. Wide enough for the train, but not wide enough for us and the train.” 
Grady jumped backward, slamming into Spider. “What the what?”
Newton flashed his penlight at the intruder crossing their path. “That’s one big rat.” 
The greasy rodent lifted its head in acknowledgement before resuming its routine and leaving the same way it’d come.
Grady laughed. “Bro, either that or Mr. Dawson’s hat jumped off his head and ran away.” 
The tunnel curved ahead and they could already see light streaming in through the mouth. They picked up the pace entering the straightaway until Newton skipped to a stop. “Wait…Who’s that?”
The light was to his back so they couldn’t discern any features. 
“Be cool,” Newton said. 
Grady was anything but. “Dude, we should skate.” 
The stranger jumped down to track level and lumbered toward them. Each heavy step crunching the gravel beneath brought him closer and closer until it was too late for them to run. 
“Be cool,” Newton repeated.
They recognized the trackwalker’s gray uniform even with his flashlight shining in their faces, though the odd juxtaposition of six-o’clock shadow and the kind of gentle perm not seen outside of 80’s music videos unsettled them at first.
“What are you kids doing here?” 
“We was just looking for our dog,” Newton said.
“You tripped the sensors,” the trackwalker explained, though with a high voice for a man his size. He opened a channel on his walkie-talkie. “Yeah…this is one-six…Just some kids messing ‘round.”
They listened to him explain the situation to his supervisor before closing the channel. “10-4…Alright you kids, you go on and get outta here.” 
“We’re goin’,” Spider said, and started for the tunnel mouth.
The trackwalker stuck his thick arm out like a toll gate. “Not that way, that way.”
“Goin’ out this end is quicker,” Newton said.
They’d reached the limits of the trackwalker’s patience. “You already tripped the sensors comin’ in, if ya go out through the tunnel, you’re just making more work for me.”
Newton didn’t want him calling for back-up, so he started toward the access door.
Grady fell in behind him, contemplating their next move. “Dude, if the Botkins are in the station, they’ll be waiting for us on the other side of that door.”
Spider kicked at the gravel in front of him. “An octopus wouldn’t have this kinda problem.”
Newton tried, but couldn’t ignore his random proclamation. “What?”
“Was watching Discovery channel after we was talking ‘bout monkeys the other day,” Spider said.
“And?” Grady said.
“Couldn’t find nothing on monkeys but caught a show ‘bout octopuses,” Spider said. “Know what an octopus does when it’s in trouble? Just straight up shoots ink at anybody messing with it. Squirts ink and floats away.”
“What’s Portuguese for lizard?” Grady asked.
Spider had to think before answering. “Lagarto.”
“Think I’d go full-on lagarto,” Grady said.  
“Lizard?” Newton said, “Like Godzilla or something?”
“No, Godzilla’s unfeasibly large,” Grady said. “And he can’t throw a party without cats like Rodan or Gamera crashing it.”
“Can’t have that,” Newton said. “Then how?”
“I’d be cool about it,” Grady said, “let my tail maybe break off if somebody ever gotta hold of me.”
“What good is that?” Spider asked.
“Dude, I’d just run back to my lair and grow another one,” Grady said. “Come back with my tail all erect and blow everybody’s mind.”
“Regeneration,” Newton said.
“Yeah, regeneration,” Grady repeated. “What about you?”
Newton took a few steps before answering. “I’d breathe fire.” 
“Ya mean like a dragon?” Spider asked. “Didn’t know we was counting make-believe animals.”
“Didn’t know we wasn’t,” Newton said. “But yeah, definitely dragon breath. Just open my mouth, and wham! Down they go!” 
Grady laughed. “Dude, ya got that power now. It’s called halitosis!” 
They were almost halfway back when Newton saw someone else running toward them from the direction they’d first entered. “What now?” 
“It’s me!” Clementine shouted. 
“Did ya miss your train?” Spider asked. 
“Odd Botkins!” she gasped.
“What?” Newton said.
She spun him back toward the tunnel mouth. 
“That’s the trackwalker,” Newton said.
Spider agreed. “Yeah. Yeah. He just chased us away.” 
“Take another look!” Clementine said. “Clark Bent…the same Botkin that was at the bus stop…the one who got shot.”
There was no mistaking Clark Bent’s mechanical strut. “H-how’s that p-possible?” Newton asked. “Pink Braids shot ‘im in the chest.”
“Regeneration,” Grady muttered, but the others ignored him. 
The warning whistle sounded, the rails beneath their feet rumbling in anticipation. 
Movement near the access door focused Spider’s attention. The remaining Botkins stormed through the opening six deep, cutting off their retreat. “Clark Bent musta called for back-up.”
“What do we do?” Grady asked. 
The next whistle sounded. The rumbling got louder. 
“How many whistles we get?” Clementine asked.
“Depends,” Newton said.
“Depends on what?” Clementine asked.
Newton wet his dry lips. “On whether the train is coming to a stop or passing through.” 
“What’s the difference?” she asked.
“About fifty miles per hour,” Newton said.
“What do we do?” Grady repeated. 
“Not sure,” Newton said. “Maybe we…”
“Head for the tunnel opening,” Clementine said, “We can outrun ‘em like we did at the bus stop!”
Clark Bent closed the distance while they wasted precious seconds going back and forth. Another few steps and it wouldn’t matter what they decided.
Grady whipped off his sunglasses and slipped on the Hypno-Specs he’d stashed in his pocket. “Dude, I got an idea.” 
“What are ya doing?” Spider asked.
“If the Lois Lane effect works on us, then it’ll work on him,” Grady said. 
Clementine wasn’t so sure. “How?”
“I’ll be all like, nonchalant and sneak past him,” Grady said.
“And then?” Clementine asked.
Grady rehearsed a few of his favorite kung-fu moves. “And then take ‘em out from behind.”
“That’s your plan?” Clementine said. 
Grady didn’t answer. Instead, he strutted toward Clark Bent, and what she was convinced was certain doom. 
“Come on!” she begged, but neither Newton nor Spider budged. 
Clark Bent crept forward until he was close enough for them to see the jagged scars the Acolyte’s blast left. 
Clementine prepared an alternative strategy. She grabbed a broken beer bottle half-buried in the gravel and cocked her arm.
The Botkin took a tentative step toward Grady, and then another, and then creaked to a halt a few feet short. 
Grady stopped when the Botkin did, though not for the same reason, and nobody said anything for a few seconds for fear of breaking the spell.
“What happened?” Clementine whispered. “Why’d he stop?”
“Because he did,” Grady said.
“Not you,” Clementine said.
Newton circled the dueling pair, trying to figure out what immobilized the Botkin. “Feedback.” 
“What?” Clementine whispered.
“Maybe the glasses are canceling each other out,” Newton said. “Maybe because the Specs were Clark Bent’s they’re tuned to his frequency or something.” It sounded like more of his pseudo-science babble but was as good an explanation as any. 
Spider checked the shrinking gap between them and the Botkins advancing from the rear. “Yeah. Yeah but we still gotta get outta here!” 
“Should I move?” Grady asked.
Newton grabbed him by the shoulders and guided him forward. “No, I’m gonna aim ya.”
“What are ya doing?” Clementine asked.
“Grady’s our gun,” Newton said. “But we need to aim ‘im in the right direction.” 
It took her a second to follow his logic. “Grady has to keep eye contact to keep the feedback loop goin’.” 
Clark Bent’s posse closed the gap with each twitchy step. Spider grabbed a handful of jagged rocks from the gravel bed and hurled them at their pursuers in vain. “Faster!”
Clementine ran ahead of Newton and Grady, calling out the rail ties ahead of time so they didn’t trip. “Coming up on one to your left! No your left!”
They were almost parallel to Clark Bent by then so Newton slowed his pace. He didn’t know what angle would break the feedback loop but he knew it would. 
Newton’s feet tangled with Grady’s and both went down. 
Clark Bent turned and reached for them, long gnarly fingers grasping...
Grady recovered and refocused--The Botkin twitched and wound down. 
“You good?” Grady asked.
“Good,” Newton said. 
Clementine helped him to his feet and this time, they guided Grady backward together. 
The next whistle was the loudest yet because it was coming from the train—time was running out. 
Spider broke for daylight, making it out of the tunnel and up the track’s steep embankment on the second try. He turned back toward the mouth once up top. “Your almost there!”
The train was close now, but so was the exit. Newton pulled him backward another few steps and Grady felt the transition from shade to sunlight on his face. They were out. 
Spider reached down to help Clementine up the embankment.
Grady kept his gaze trained on Clark Bent. “Hurry!”
Newton came next, but couldn’t get any traction on the embankment’s gravel base. “Save yourselves!”
“Jump!” Clementine shouted.
“LeBron can’t jump that high!” Newton insisted, but tried again.
Clementine snagged his belt the second time and Spider helped her pull him up.
The massive locomotive dominated Grady’s peripheral vision, blue and gold letters spelling out Norfolk-Southern resolving into crystalline clarity faster than he expected. The track shuddered, his bones vibrating in sympathy. “Any time!”
He held out his hands and Spider grabbed hold, yanking him from the tracks. 
“My specs!” Grady shouted, but he could only watch them tumble out of reach.
The train charged out of the tunnel before Clark Bent turned to face it. He held on for a few seconds before losing his grip and bouncing across the tracks for the next mile and a half.
***
 “And then Grady was like, dude, I got this,” Clementine said, “and then he put the Hypno-Specs on and stared that sucker down like a boss!”
Grady demonstrated the move again, using his shades instead of the Specs he’d lost. “And then I said…what are the odds, Botkin?”
“Don’t remember that part,” Clementine said.
“Thought of it on the way back,” Grady admitted.
Nobody questioned Clementine about why she’d changed her mind and come back. They were just glad to have her, though none of them would say so out loud. 
Lazy-Eye Susan was back too, though not quite in the same way. She emerged from the back of the Windmill wearing the same kind of flowing bohemian dress they remembered from before, and it was like she’d never left. “Guess that explains how ya got away. Reckon that also explains why ya got the Botkin laid out across the sawhorse table like at a wake.”   
That they’d dragged the dead man back with them at all troubled her. But rather than questioning their motives, she decided to leave the psychology to the psychologists and figure out what to do with the broken Botkin.
Newton turned toward the guest of honor. “Something ain’t right about this guy.”
Clementine agreed. “Never heard of nobody getting shot in the chest and coming back to work the next day.”
“Can’t be the same guy,” Spider said, but the heavy scarring said otherwise.
Grady grabbed a carpet knife from the workbench. “We gotta do an autopsy.” 
“Cut ‘im up?” Clementine said. “Gross. No way.”
“Let’s not start cutting straight away,” Susan said. She unbuttoned the Botkin’s jacket and pulled the strange fabric back. “Feels warm.”
Newton felt the material between his fingertips. “Soft but feels more like plastic than cloth. The pattern kinda reminds me of the solar panels we messed around with in physics this year.” 
Grady poked at the rubber tubing woven into the material’s lining. “His suit’s got built in defrost? Nice.”
Susan took Clark Bent’s broken glasses off, giving them a close-up look at their pursuer for the first time.
His crude features looked like they’d been chiseled with a butter knife, sharp edges worn down so that no hard corners remained. He appeared human, but they weren’t as convinced of his lineage as they were before.
Susan lowered her bifocals. “Wonder how come there’s no blood…” 
Newton dabbed at the green crust that formed where the train severed his leg. “Maybe the cold froze ‘im before he could bleed or something.” 
“This don’t look right,” Susan said. “Hand me that knife.”
 Grady passed her the blade and watched her cut into the Botkin’s forearm. “What’s that green stuff oozing outta there? Blood?” 
“Looks like the goop on Newton’s coat,” Clementine said.
“Chlorophyll,” Susan said.
“Chlorophyll?” Newton said, “But that’s like plant blood. This guy is a plant?”
“A plant,” Susan agreed, “but not like any plant we ever seen. Smell that?”
Newton took a whiff. “Smells like cut grass.”
“That’s the Chlorophyll,” Susan said. “Try again.”
Newton inhaled again, slowly and deliberately. The tell-tale odor was faint and almost imperceptible, but there was no mistaking it. “Ammonia?”
“Enzyme Seven,” Spider muttered. “He’s a Crypto.”
“This fella is a Crypto,” Susan agreed, “but not like any we seen before.” 
“Guess that explains the pattern in his suit,” Newton said. 
Grady’s face went blank. “It does?”
“The cells must help him with photosynthesis,” Newton theorized. “The material must store sunlight and help him convert it to energy somehow.”
“But he looks human,” Clementine said, “even without the glasses.”
“Ever hear tell of the Chameleon Rose? Or the Werewolf Cactus? Or the Silly-Putty Petunia?” Susan asked. 
“Who hasn’t?” Clementine said.
“All of ‘em can disguise themselves to fool bugs and birds and spiders and whatnot,” Susan said, “kind of a self-defense mechanism.”
“How?” Spider asked.
“Well…by changing their colors…or folding their leaves, tucking their roots in and so on,” Susan said. 
“Still kinda hard to believe,” Newton said. “Even after all the crazy stuff we seen ‘til now.”
Susan steadied her hand for another cut, but the Botkin unfolded like a flower before steel touched skin. She uncurled Clark Bent’s gnarly digits, now more like roots than fingers close-up. “How ‘bout now?”
They jabbed at Clark Bent’s neatly coifed hair, which was the texture and consistency of moss, though not the color. His waxy skin, which appeared smooth and monotone in the daylight, became green and variegated inside the Windmill. 
Seeing the Botkin revert to form before their eyes confirmed his ancestry, but questions remained. 
“How can a plant move around like a human?” Clementine asked. “Or drive a car?” 
“They don’t have brains,” Newton said, “don’t ya need brains for all that?”
“Plants have a Radicle,” Susan said, “which is kind of a simple brain. They might not be able to do much more than what you described.”
“Guess Grimsby didn’t start out experimenting with humans right away,” Newton said, but that didn’t explain why he’d started with plants in the first place.
“Plants share put near twenty-five percent of our DNA,” Susan explained, “And don’t forget what Enzyme Seven did all by itself. All it needed were some DNA and it took over, like a parasite. Like it did with Jamphibian.” 
“They don’t have Drew,” Clementine said.
“What?” Grady asked. “What do ya mean?”
“She’s right,” Newton said, “if they did, they wouldn’t keep coming after us.”
“Then we still don’t know who’s got ‘im,” Spider said.
“But now we know who doesn’t,” Newton said. 
“Yeah. Yeah. But why’d the Botkins come after us at all?” Spider asked. 
“Might be they’re having the same sorta problems with Enzyme Seven that Frost and his lackeys was,” Susan said, but she didn’t believe it. Grimsby’s first experiments predated WWII. Surviving that many years in the wild meant that they’d figured out a solution. The Botkins were after something else.
“Train musta broke his jaw,” Clementine said. She pushed the crooked mandible back into place, but it opened like a cash register instead. 
The unexpected animation startled Newton, but he inched back toward the table. “My grandma’s dentures do that all the time.” 
“They do?” Clementine said
“Well…They fly out, but they don’t come back in.”
The teeth were laid out like a typewriter, so Susan started typing. “Saw this kinda thing back at the monastery. These fellas must be linked to one another by some kinda network or something.”
“Gotta take some real skills to tap out messages just using your tongue,” Clementine said.
“Yo, yo. We could use the keyboard to mess with these guys,” Spider said, “send out messages that…”
“No,” Susan said. “Best not to mess around with things ya don’t understand. Besides, I got something to show ya...”
She disappeared into the back of the Windmill before Spider could finish his argument. 
“What’s all this other junk?” Newton lisped. The steamer trunks weren’t there when they left, though he conceded they might have been hidden behind the plywood sheets.
Clementine blew the dust off the trunk’s lid and read the name stenciled across the top. “Ronco the Great.” 
Newton turned the latch and popped the lid open. “Old newspapers…Doll heads…a wooden leg…a baseball glove.” 
“No way,” Spider said. 
Newton showed him the glove. “Way.”
Spider reached past him and pulled the antique prosthetic out of the trunk. Leather straps let the owner buckle the leg into place above the knee, though the years had tarnished the brass and the wood smelled like sweaty feet. 
Newton pulled the matching steel hook out of the trunk and put it on over his own hand. “Weird.”
“There’s more over here,” Clementine said.
Grady pulled a musty tuxedo out and held it up against his chest, judging the fit. “What else is in there?”
“More tuxedos,” Spider said, “Think maybe this guy was a magician or something?” 
Grady tried the jacket on. He reached up his sleeve and out came a string of scarves. “Maybe.”
Spider sniffed at the silk carnation pinned to his lapel and caught a squirt of tepid water right between the eyes. “Yeah, maybe.”
Clementine drew a cutlass from inside the trunk, swinging the blade close enough to Newton’s face to make him flinch. “What do ya think he did with this?” 
Newton pushed the curved blade away from his face. “Probably stuck it in a basket.” 
“What do ya mean?” she asked.
“They’d put a girl in a basket and pretend to run her through,” Newton said. He put his hand against the tip to demonstrate, and pressed down.
“Ahh!”
His shriek brought Susan running out of the back. She traced the blood splatter from the discarded blade to Newton’s hand and figured out the rest. 
“Don’t look too bad,” she muttered.
“Here, let me,” Grady said, and pulled more scarves out of his sleeve.
Susan grabbed another cutlass and waved it back and forth. “One sword is always real. That’s how they fool the audience. The rest are fake.” 
They watched her wave the blade back and forth with practiced skill. “Holds up as long as you’re swinging and not stabbing,” she said, and plunged the blade into Spider’s stomach.
He opened his mouth to scream but the blade telescoped against his body before the sound made it out. 
“No way!” he shouted. He took the blade from her hand and repeated the trick for his own amusement.
Newton wrapped the silk scarf around his cut and pressed down. “Wish ya woulda told me that before.” 
“Let me guess, Ronco was one of your ex-husbands?” Clementine said.
“Number three, if’n your keeping track,” Susan said. “Reckon you can tell his occupation.”
Spider waved the hook hand at her. “Yeah. Yeah. Was gonna say magician, but then I was gonna say maybe pirate.”
“Or pirate magician,” Grady said. “How cool would that be?”
“He lost his hand during one of his tricks,” Susan said. “Lost his leg during another…He weren’t a very good magician.”
“Dude, why’d ya bring all this junk with ya?” Grady asked.
“I was looking for something and didn’t know which trunk it were in,” Susan said. “Didn’t wanna risk hangin’ ‘round my house any longer than I needed to in case I were being followed.”
Clementine cleared her throat. “Did ya have something to show us?” 
“Glad ya reminded me,” Susan said. 
They followed her back to the workshop she’d set up, as much a nest as anything else, cluttered with toiletries and personal effects she’d stowed like a pack-rat.
“What is it?” Spider asked.
The slide projector sat inside a gimbal balanced on top of a sturdy wooden tripod four feet high. Longitudinal and latitudinal brass rings encased the assembly like a gyroscope, letting the slotted carousel tray rotate around the tripod’s center axis and pass slides between the lamp and a complex lens system taken from some medieval optometrist’s office.
“We ain’t got time to play at being Sherlock Holmes, so we gonna take some shortcuts,” Susan said, “This here is an Umbrameter.”
“What?” Clementine asked.
“Umbra from the Latin for shadow, and meter, which means to measure,” Susan said. 
Grady smiled like he got it. He didn’t. “Yeah dude, but what’s it do?” 
“Duh…It measures shadows,” Clementine said.
“The shadow ya cast shows ya where you is,” Susan said. “But your yesterday shadow shows where ya been and your tomorrow shadow, that shows where your likely gonna be.”
“Likely?” Newton repeated.
Susan sensed his skepticism, but plowed ahead. “Likely. Umbramatics is really more of an art than a science.” 
“Umbramatics?” Newton repeated.
“Shadow math,” Susan said.
While the whimsical machine was charmingly retro, it was just as hopelessly complicated and didn’t inspire confidence in her grandiose claims. 
“Where’d ya get that thing anyway?” Spider asked.
“Belonged to Ronco,” Susan said, “used to be part of his act.”
“Husband number three, if’n you’re keeping score,” Clementine said.
Newton whirled the projector’s carousel.  “How’s this gonna help us find Drew?” 
“Glad ya asked,” Susan said, and showed them what she’d hidden behind her back. The camera was an ancient Polaroid model with a folding bellows, the kind that shot instant film and not in much demand anymore. 
“How’s it work?” Grady asked.
“Like any other camera,” Susan said, “Except this one takes pictures of your shadows.” 
She pressed the button and the bulb popped, blinding Grady for the moment. “Dude, a little heads-up would be nice.” 
The camera started grinding like a garbage disposal, spitting the photo out an inch at a time. 
Clementine pulled the photo from the camera’s slot and watched the image fade in. “Big deal. It’s just a picture of Grady.”
Newton snuck a peek over her shoulder and agreed. “Yeah. I don’t see anything special.”
“You will,” Susan promised. She snapped a picture of each of them and put the photos into the Umbrameter’s slots, advancing the tray one notch each time.
After everything was in place and her contraption set like she wanted, she waved them back and flipped the switch. The machine revved for a minute before getting to speed. 
“W-W-Whoa!” Newton stammered. He stepped backward, startled by the sudden appearance of the ghostly apparitions moving across every flat surface. 
“What you’re seeing is a replay of yesterday’s shadows,” Susan explained.
They watched the disembodied shades moving across the Windmill, replaying every action they’d taken all the way up to the moments before they arrived from the train station. The effect was hypnotic, if not spooky.
“How’s it gonna know to pick Drew’s shadow out from all the others?” Grady asked.
Susan pointed out the dials built into the contraption’s base. “It don’t. Ya have to fine tune it like a radio, clear out the static and what not.”
“That’s why you took our pictures,” Clementine said. “To see what our shadows looked like so you could tune ‘em out and leave Drew’s behind.”
Susan grabbed a piece of notebook paper and scribbled some hieroglyphic formulas down. “We can use Umbramatics to find him.”
The formulas left Newton unimpressed. “We know where he’s been, but we don’t know where he’s at. How can we solve for X without knowing either where he’s at or where he’s gonna be?” 
Susan paused before answering. “Because I know where he’s gonna be.”
Her answer confused Newton. “Whatcha mean?”
“Drew came to me for a reading way back when, just before all this Crypto-Punk business started,” she said.
“A reading?” Clementine repeated, “What do ya mean a reading?”
“The Tarot,” Susan announced. “He wanted a little peek of what was gonna happen, so that’s what I give ‘im.”
“And?” Clementine said.
“And after he left, I kinda had a hunch, so I skipped ahead...”
“So you know where he’s gonna be?” Newton asked.
“I do,” Susan answered, “but I don’t know when he’s gonna be there.”
They broke out into relieved smiles before she finished her sentence. They’d spent the last few days a step behind, now, they had the advantage. 
Clementine headed for the door. “Let’s go! We can surprise ‘em.” 
But Newton lingered. “Wait…You took our pictures too.”
This was a conversation Susan didn’t want to have. “The further down the road you look, the fuzzier your shadow is.” 
 “That means you can tell us where we’re gonna be,” Newton said.
 “Are ya sure ya wanna know?” Susan asked. “Are ya sure all of y’all wanna know?”
“What do ya mean?” Clementine asked.
“Because if I tell one of ya, I gotta tell all of y’all,” Susan said, and waited for them to figure it out.
And then Newton did. “Because our shadows overlap.”
“What?” Spider said. 
“Because we overlap. We’ve known each other since we was kids. And we’re gonna know each other when we’re grown-up,” Newton said.
“Knowing what happens to one of us will let the others figure out what happens to them,” Clementine said.
Susan left it up to them, knowing that even if they didn’t want to know then, they might want to know someday. 
They stared at each other expectantly, each of them eager for one of the others to remove the temptation of prescience from their easy reach.
Grady spoke, making the decision for all of them. “Dude, let’s just figure out where Drew is now and worry ‘bout reading our fortunes later.” 
Susan handed Clementine the camera. “I got one more thing I gotta get outta my garage. I’ll be back after it gets dark.”
“But following Drew’s shadow ‘round corners and into alleys is gonna get us killed,” Newton said. “The rest of the Botkins are still out there.”
 “Yeah. Yeah. Think I maybe gotta way to take care of them,” Spider said. 
CHAPTER 7
Clementine passed the public library’s main branch every day on her way to school, though she’d never gone in before. Fluted columns and polished limestone gave the neoclassical monument a dignity the surrounding architecture lacked, serving as a stark reminder of the city’s glory days. 
She pedaled her Schwinn up the ramp and on to the sidewalk before crashing into a bus stop bench. 
“Any landing you can walk away from, right Clem?” 
She didn’t recognize Newton at a distance. He’d switched from his new coat to his old ratty one and had his ski mask pulled down almost over his eyes. 
She checked the front rim for damage. “Been a while since I rode my bike.” 
Newton locked his Huffy up next to hers. He watched the Blankmobile pull in front of a hydrant across the street as expected. “Guess they got outta the tunnel before the train got ‘em.” 
“They picked up my trail outside Mr. Hero,” Clementine said. “Went in to grab a sandwich for lunch and they were there when I came out.”
“What’d ya have?”
“Romanburger,” she said. “What are ya wearing?”
He pulled his coat back to show her. “Nike Pro Combat Loin Guard. They make ‘em for elite athletes and...”
“You’re wearing your underwear on the outside of your pants?”
He smiled at her naiveté. “Its not underwear, it’s Nike Pro…”
“It’s a diaper…”
He tapped his fingers against the garment’s gray outer shell. “Kevlar. Means it’s bulletproof.”
“That’s great news,” she said, “Just the other day we were eating lunch, wondering if you had some kinda plan to safeguard your loins. Now I can relax.”
“That’s an added bonus,” he said, “but this garment has other benefits.”
“Like?”
“I can go, anytime, anywhere, even when they least expect it.”
“You can do that now,” she said.
“When the heat is on, we won’t have time to slow down, not even for a second.” 
“But you got time now, while we’re talking…”
“Don’t gotta go now,” he said, “Only happens when I get nervous.”
She snapped his picture with her cell. “I am posting this.”
“You don’t know anything,” Newton said. “Superman wears his on the outside, and Batman does too.”
“Then where’s your cape?” she asked, “Those guys got capes, too.”
“Don’t be ridiculous.”
“But why not wear it on the inside?” she said, “You still get the same benefits.”
“Protection is only one of the features,” Newton said, “and goin’ undercover defeats the Loin Guard’s most important function.”
“Which is?”
“Intimidation,” he growled. 
“What do ya mean?”
“Not even the baddest gangsta is gonna mess with a baller who wears his underwear on the outside of his pants,” Newton said.
She zipped her jacket up and tucked her hair beneath her ski mask. “Who ya think really snatched Drew?”
 “Ain’t sure,” he said. “But we’re running outta suspects.” 
Who had Drew wasn’t important. That they had him at all was she reminded herself. “What do ya think they’ll do to him when they figure out he don’t know where Lazy-Eye Susan is?”
Newton pulled his ski mask over his face. “Torture ‘im.” 
“Torture?” she repeated, “How?”
He pulled his pants up and took a deep breath. “Was thinking ‘bout this last night…”
“And?”
“One of the sites I bookmarked was a forum ‘bout interrogation techniques,” he said.
She remembered what he’d typed into his browser to find the videos of the schools blowing up. “You really should think about seeing that psychiatrist I mentioned.”
“There’s this back to basics torture movement…”
“I never thought I’d ever hear those words in that combination,” she said. “Now, I can die in peace.”
“They wanna get back to twisting necks, cracking backs, and manipulating joints.”
She took a second to sort out what he’d said. “That sounds like stuff a chiropractor does.”
He lowered his voice to a whisper. “You said it, I didn’t.”
“What?”
“Who do ya think the CIA uses to sweat the bad guys?” he asked. 
“Chiropractors?”
“Chiropractors,” he agreed. “And you don’t wanna go messin’ with the brotherhood.” 
“The brotherhood?”
“The secret and majestic order of the chiropractic guild,” he said. 
She wasn’t sure if he was serious or not. Maybe he wasn’t either. Maybe that was the joke.
She pulled her ski mask down over her face and Newton did the same. They bounded up the steps, past the reclining stone lions guarding the entrance, and entered through the library’s double-doors. 
***
They pedaled down Horizon Boulevard weaving between parked cars with practiced recklessness. The snow fell sideways, whipped by the wind into a blinding frenzy, and though visibility was poor, traffic was light and there weren’t any other idiots riding their bikes in the middle of the storm.
Grady adjusted his ski mask so he could see. He checked over his shoulder to make sure the Blankmobile was still behind them. “Dude, switching coats was genius!” 
Spider agreed, because it was his idea. The Botkins saw two of them go into the library and two of them come out. They’d taken the bait, freeing Newton and Clementine to sneak out of the back and take the pictures Lazy-Eye Susan’s contraption required.
“We must all look alike to them,” he decided.
He felt self-conscious riding Clementine’s bike, and Grady didn’t help by suggesting he ride side-saddle. But it was lighter than he was used to, making him faster and nimbler. 
He got her bike and Grady got her coat, though Spider wasn’t sure where the red-headed wig came from. “He musta brought it from home.”
Grady tucked his flowing locks beneath his mask. “Wonder how come we’re still alive?” 
“What do ya mean?”
“We took out their boy,” Grady said. “We took out Clark Bent.”
“Think they want revenge?”
“Wouldn’t you?” Grady asked.
“Then why they following us ‘round instead of just taking us out?”
“Think these guys are labor, not management,” Grady said. “Must be waiting for the Don’s approval.”
“Don? Ya mean like Mafia Don?”
“Dude, somebody’s gotta call the shots,” Grady said.
Spider laughed. “So who’s the head of the family? Is Mr. Potato Head running the Vegetable Mafia?”
“Mr. Potato Head’s a toy,” Grady said, “these guys are for real.”
“You’re high…”
“Somebody put a contract out on Drew,” Grady said.
They stopped when the light turned red. Spider looked back at the Blankmobile but the car’s tinted windows kept him from seeing inside the vehicle. “What else they into?”
 “Same stuff as the regular mob I guess,” Grady said, “extortion, kidnapping, loan-sharking.”
“People or plants?”
“Plants,” Grady said.
“How much ransom can a rhododendron pay?”
“None. But they got no use for money, anyhow.”
“Why not?” Spider asked. “What do they use instead?”
The light flashed green and Grady started pedaling again. “Fertilizer.”
“Fertilizer?” 
“Worth its weight in gold to them,” Grady said.
Spider knew he was making it up as he went along, but loved to listen to him exercise his vivid imagination. “Or they could use money like everybody else and buy all the poo they want.”
“Bankers won’t let ‘em,” Grady said, “that’d bring down their economy.” 
“Yeah. Yeah. How ya tell a banker from any other kind of Botkin?” Spider asked. “Except for Clark Bent, they all look alike.”
“Dude, he’d be the one with the cow,” Grady said, “The cow with the talented butt.”
Spider was digging deeper than he’d planned, but he had to know. “What’s a talented butt?”
“They can squeeze different denominations out like a Play-Doh Fun Factory. Quarters, nickels, dimes, you name it.” 
“You gotta good profile,” Spider said, “maybe ya should see ‘em about having ‘em put your head on a coin.”
They passed Uncle Sam’s Pawn Shop and 14th Avenue was the next intersection. Spider lowered his head into the stiff wind. “Time to really mess with these freaks.” 
Grady agreed. He broke formation, taking a hard left on to 14th while Spider hung a right. 
***
They traced Drew’s daily orbit from the three-bedroom row house on Hanover where he lived to Madison Central and every point in between. The camera flashed and whirred each time they stopped, grinding out a three by five glossy snapshot when Clementine pressed the button. 
The wind picked up again, so she pulled her hoodie over her ears. She was about Grady’s size and his jacket almost fit, though she’d jammed the vest’s zipper when slipping into it. 
Spider was taller than Newton and his parka’s sleeves longer. Newton kept rolling them up, but they kept unrolling all by themselves.
“Just leave ‘em alone,” Clementine said. 
Being alone together felt awkward for both and made for strained conversation. Newton noticed changes in Clementine since her return, little differences in her mannerisms, affectations she shared with the rest of the Janes. Or maybe this was the way she’d always been and he’d just never noticed. 
“How come you stopped eating lunch with us?” 
She pressed the camera’s button. She knew she’d have to have the conversation eventually, and was pretty sure Newton would be the one to start it. “Didn’t make a plan or nothing…just kinda happened.”
“What’s it like?” he asked.
She waved the developing picture back and forth. “What’s what like?”
“Sitting all the way over at that other table.” 
They started down the street again. “Didn’t even know it was happening. Went over there to talk to Denise ‘bout something and we just kept talking ‘til lunch was over. The next day she saved me a seat next to her.”
“Inertia,” he said.
“Inertia?”
“Inertia,” he explained. “The resistance of any object to changes in its state of motion.”
“Anyway, after a few days in a row, felt kinda weird coming back to sit with you guys.” She aimed the camera and pressed the button again. “I don’t even know that I like ‘em all that much except for Denise. They’re all into the same things and all wear the same kinda clothes. Gets kinda boring.”
He knew she was just saying that to make him feel better. But it wasn’t like he wanted her to feel miserable…actually that was exactly what he wanted, just not for too long.
She mashed the crosswalk button and waited for the signal to change. “Hey…What’s goin’ on down there?” 
Seeing kids loitering in front of Comicopia wasn’t unusual, but seeing those kids there was. 
Newton strained his eyes, trying to make out their faces. “Parker and his boys...”
“That Mickey-D with ‘em?” she asked.
“Think it is.” 
“Guess they didn’t make the trip either,” she said.
“Looks like they’re messing with him,” Newton said. “That Parker sure is a…”
“He ain’t that bad,” Clementine muttered. 
Her lukewarm defense was disappointing but not surprising. Was it possible she even liked the big goon?
“What do we do?” she asked.
“Nothing,” he said, “too many of ‘em.”
Parker and his boys had Mickey-D cornered up against Comicopia’s wall, but he didn’t look panicked despite being outnumbered, so they watched a little longer. 
“What’s goin’ on?” Clementine wondered. 
The beatdown they anticipated didn’t happen. Instead, Mickey-D handed Parker something before they parted company without incident. 
“What do ya suppose that’s all about?” Clementine asked.
“Don’t know,” Newton said, “don’t know and don’t care. Let’s get back to…”
“Wait,” Clementine said, “let’s see where Mickey-D goes.”
Newton resisted, but she got her way just like she used to. 
They followed Mickey-D at a distance, watching him mush along the slushy sidewalks while waiting for him to do something. 
“Let’s go back,” Newton pleaded, “its freezing out here.”
“Just a little longer,” she begged.
They trudged on, turning the corner on to Long Street when Clementine jerked him back out of sight.
“What are ya doing?” Newton complained.
“Look who it is,” she whispered.
The creepy van they saw at the bus stop sat idling in front of the Holiday Lanes bowling alley, the Smiley-Face icon painted on the side panel grinning like it recognized them. 
“Acolytes,” Newton muttered.
The passenger handed Mickey-D a yellow plastic bag through the rolled down window. He checked the bag’s contents, then handed the passenger a thick envelope in return. 
Clementine pulled out her cell, snapping pictures as fast as her thumb could flex. 
“What are ya doing?” he asked.
“What do ya think is in the Church’s chicken bag?” 
Newton didn’t answer, so she nudged him. “I was reading on the ‘net about how some witches eat animal parts to gain their power and their knowledge.”
“And ya think that’s what they’re doing?” she said.
“Yeah, maybe.”
“So they’re gonna gain the power and wisdom of a full grown chicken?” Clementine said.
The way she said it made it sound ridiculous, but it didn’t have to be chicken inside the bag. 
“You’re right,” Clementine said, “maybe they got an order of sides in there, too. And having the power of an adult potato ain’t nothing to laugh at.”
“Alright. What do you think is in the bag?”
“Betcha that’s how EZ8 is getting into the school,” Clementine said. 
“What’s the connection?”
“My boss has me digging up background information on the Smiley-Face Witches,” she said. “They were dealing EZ8 way back in the sixties and seventies.” 
She reached into her pocket and showed him the candy bar wrapper Drew got from Mr. Peck’s desk.
He examined the wrapper himself. Enzyme Seven’s faint ammonia scent was hard to ignore but her evidence was still only circumstantial. 
“Saw one of them Blue Berets in the hospital when we went to drop Mr. Peck’s card off.”
“Blueberries…Ya mean like in the YouTube videos?” he asked.
“Yeah…”
What was he doing there?”
“He was trying to buy a Zero bar…”
“Trying or did?”
“That don’t matter!” she said. “Anyway, I followed him into a ward where there were a buncha other coma patients laid out. And Mr. Peck was in there with ‘em.”
“That’s what coma patients do,” he said. “They lay there. Because they’re in comas.”
“I checked their charts…”
“You ain’t a doctor…”
“Alkaloids,” Clementine said.
Newton’s expression changed. “Chocolate has alkaloids in it.”
“Denise had the exact same expression on her face when…”
“Why would security care ‘bout a bunch of coma patients?” he asked.
“Don’t know,” she said.
“Why didn’t you say something before?”
She averted her gaze, struggling to find the words to explain herself. “By the time we got back from the train station…I didn’t have a chance to…”
“That was eight hours ago,” he said, “There wasn’t one second in between that you couldn’t tell someone that…”
“Guess I didn’t want everything to get weird again like at Bixby.”
“Then you should have stayed on the train!” he snapped.
“You mean that?”
Newton bowed his head apologetically. Conversations like this made him uncomfortable and he always said the wrong thing. “No. But maybe you don’t like normal as much as you think. Maybe you like it weird.”
“That’s what Denise told me,” she said. “But I never…”
“Holy smoke!” 
“What?”
Newton’s eyes shrank to the size of periods. “I sold a bunch of those bars to my family. I gotta…”
“Don’t think the ones we sold were bad,” she said.
“How do ya know?”
“Did ya hear ‘bout anybody in your family goin’ into a coma?”
He hadn’t—yet. “But why sell the stuff if it’s poison?” 
“Ya think a dealer cares if a junkie overdoses?” she asked. 
“Guess as long as they’re getting paid…”
“Maybe they don’t know,” she said, “Maybe they made a bad batch. But I betcha that’s why the Acolytes were really at the bus stop.”
“What do ya mean?”
“They weren’t there for Drew, they were looking to hook-up with one of their dealers,” she said.
“But Mickey-D wasn’t there.” 
“But they didn’t know that,” Clementine said. “Denise told me Mr. Peck gave him detention before he freaked out.”
Newton replayed the debacle at the bus stop in his head. “Guess they didn’t come after us too hard.” 
“They didn’t come after us at all,” Clementine said. “All I saw chasing after me was Botkins.” 
Could she be right? “We gotta ask Lazy-Eye Susan ‘bout this.”
Clementine rolled her eyes. 
“What?”
“Look at that big ol’ smiley-face on the van. You still think we can trust her?” she asked.
“How else we gonna find Drew?” he asked. 
“What do ya mean?”
“We got all these weirdoes all showing up at the same time,” he said, “we need someone that can think like ‘em, and I don’t know nobody weirder than Lazy-Eye Susan.”
Clementine didn’t either, but that didn’t make her any less reluctant. “I still ain’t ready to go all in on her, not like the last time.”
“We got enough pictures,” Newton said. “Let’s get outta here.”
CHAPTER 8
The chair splintered into its component parts when Drew hit the floor, but he didn’t get up right away. Crippling pain shot through his extremities on contact, but the pain faded and he forced himself into action.
He ripped the electrodes off his head and unbuckled the leather straps. He didn’t know if it was an earthquake or some kind of explosion, but whatever happened buckled the walls, bowing them out and dropping the ceiling almost three feet. 
He pushed his way past the crumpled cell door. Because he couldn’t remember where he was, he wasn’t sure which way to go. “Right or left? Right or left?”
The voice in his head said right, and because he listened, he was one step beyond the point where the ceiling imploded into a pile of concrete and steel. 
“That was close,” he said, but aside from the coating of dust on his face and pajamas, he’d escaped intact. “Now which way?”
He waited for the voice to tell him, but heard something else instead. “Someone else is in here with me.”
He wasn’t sure which direction the feint cry came from, so he waited to hear it again. When he did, he headed toward the source. 
The sign on the wall read ‘Cell Block One’, though the blast folded the door beneath in half. If somebody was inside, they were in even worse trouble than him.
He dug through the rubble with his bare hands. “Hang on!”
The foundation shifted and the supporting girders groaned. He thought about leaving, but then a bruised hand poked through the debris. 
“Hang on,” he repeated. He grabbed hold of her by her wrists and pulled her free.
“Are you a ghost?” the girl asked, before collapsing into his arms.
***
She tucked her knees against her chest, unable or unwilling to look him in the eye. Her age approximated his, and her matching pajamas meant she was in the same kind of trouble. 
“Take it easy,” he said, because he didn’t know what else to say.
She ran her trembling fingers through her matted black hair trying to calm herself. Her eyes shifted from side to side, pearlescent black dots magnified by her oversized horn-rimmed glasses. 
He tore a strip of cloth from his pajamas but she pulled back. 
“I ain’t gonna hurt ya,” he said, and offered her the make-shift bandage again. 
She hesitated for a second before taking it with a trembling hand. “What’s my name?”
“What?”
“What’s my name?” she asked.
“I don’t know.”
“Who are you?” she asked.
“Drew, my name is Drew.” 
“Drewww,” she repeated.
“Do you know where we’re at?” 
She shook her head. “No. But I know we gotta get outta here.”
He helped her to her feet and they inched down the corridor. Aftershocks slowed their progress, but they kept moving.
“What do I call you?” he asked.
“I told ya that…”
“What do you want me to call you?” he asked. 
“Don’t know…”
“Got a favorite singer?”
“I don’t know…”
“What about movies? Got a favorite actress?”
“I don’t know…”
“Who’s your…”
“Pick something,” she said, “just until I shake the cobwebs loose.”
He thought about it for a second but couldn’t come up with anything. Then he caught himself checking her thumbs out and decided. “How about…Denise?”
“Deneese,” she said, stretching the syllables out like she was taking it for a test drive. If English wasn’t her first language, it was a close second, though he couldn’t identify the faint accent flavoring her words.
The corridor led them to the fractured remnants of a connected office suite. She glanced at the sign above the door. “Control Room Six.”
“I can read,” he said. Getting through the unhinged door didn’t take much effort, though he should’ve checked before stepping inside.
Deneese jumped backward, clinging to him like a frightened cat.
The mangled torso buried beneath the debris caught them both off guard. Drew played it cool, but he’d never seen anyone dead up close before. Except for his grandfather, but that was different, that was…expected.  
She held on to him for a moment longer, long enough for him to smell the scented soap beneath the sweat and grime.
“Sorry, she said, and pulled away. 
He gave her a second to collect herself before going in for a closer look at the victim. 
“What are ya doing?” Deneese asked. 
He pulled the debris off one chunk at a time, scraping his knuckles against the concrete until he uncovered the body beneath. “Runyon.” 
“He the guy that snatched us?” she asked.
“Yeah,” Drew said. “But he ain’t workin’ alone.”
“What do ya mean?”
“Runyon don’t give orders,” Drew said, “he takes ‘em.”
“Then who gives the orders?”
“Frost,” he said.
“Who’s that?” she asked.
“How can ya be here and not know who put ya here?” he asked. But then he remembered how groggy he was after waking in the chair. And he still couldn’t remember how he got there—wherever there was.
He rummaged through Runyon’s pockets. 
“What are ya doing now?” she asked.
Drew held the Swiss Army knife he found up in triumph. “I ain’t goin’ back in the chair without a fight.”
She wasn’t impressed. “It ain’t very big.” 
He looked at her and then back at the knife. “Don’t have to be.” 
They split-up and checked the rest of the control room, sifting through the rubble for anything useful. 
“What about those?” Deneese asked.
He turned toward the row of lockers tilting at a fifteen degree angle.
“Might get lucky,” she said. 
“Don’t have the combinations,” he said.
“One of ‘em might be open,” she said. 
He started at one end and worked his way toward the other, pulling the locker handles in sequence until one finally opened. 
“What did ya find?” she asked.
“Clothes,” he said.
***
Drew found someone’s lunch inside one of the other lockers. He gobbled his half of the PB&J sandwich down before slamming an Orange Crush without taking a breath. Whatever drug they’d slipped him was wearing off, and putting his street clothes on made him feel like himself again. 
“Ready?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she said. “You can turn around.” 
She posed for him, smiling for the first time. “What do ya think?” 
She’d wiped the grime and soot off her face, revealing elfin features beneath. Her jeans and sweater didn’t fit very well, but she could have been there for days, weeks, or months.
“Nice,” he said. “Any luck?”
She turned her pockets inside out. “No ID, no nothing.”
The sagging ceiling creaked and groaned, releasing puffs of toxic powder into the air.
“We gotta get outta here,” he said. He grabbed her by the hand and led her out of the control room. 
They negotiated the ruins as best they could, but the anonymous industrial corridors appeared identical in the near dark. Drew took the lead, afraid instead of leading them out he was leading them back in, but kept his anxieties to himself. 
“Why’d you ask me if I was a ghost?” 
“I was out of it,” she said, “But…”
“Yeah?”
“I been having these dreams…”
“What kinda dreams?”
He could tell his question made her uncomfortable, but she answered anyway. “Guess they ain’t dreams. Least not like the kind I used to have.”
He sympathized, more than she knew. “If they ain’t dreams what are they?” 
“Memories.”
They passed beneath a cracked security monitor bolted to the corner. She watched the screensaver’s geometric patterns fold into each other, neon colors fading to black before starting all over again.
“Guess that’s what a ghost is,” he said.
“What?”
 “A memory that hangs around without nobody to remember it?”
“Never thought of it like that,” she admitted, “but I know the difference.”
“And what’s the difference?”
“The guilt,” she said. 
“Something happened?” 
She didn’t answer.
He helped her climb over a vending machine clogging the corridor. “Something ya feel guilty about?”
“Something like that.”
“And ya can’t get past it?” he said.
“Something like that.”
“Don’t ya gotta try?” he said. 
 “That’s what my friend told me,” she explained. 
“Boyfriend?”
“Girlfriend,” Deneese said. 
“Oh…”
“I mean a friend of mine who’s a girl,” she said.
“Oh…What makes her so smart?”
“She’s a DJ.”
Drew tried biting his lip but couldn’t resist. “And what else did DJ Morpheus have to say about the Matrix?” 
“Not what she said that got me thinkin’, it’s what she did,” Deneese told him. “Ya ever see a DJ scratchin’ a record?”
“Yeah…”
“A record’s just like somebody’s memory,” she said, “each groove proof of something that happened inside a recording studio.”
“I guess…”
“Sometimes the needle jumps and cuts across the vinyl and leaves a scratch,” she said. “Guess some memories are like that. They cut deeper than others.”
“So I’m…you’re stuck with the memories…with the ghosts forever? Don’t like the sound of that.”
“Forever is a long time,” she said. “Time enough for cuts to turn into scabs and scabs into scars.”
“DJ Morpheus should be writing Hallmark cards,” he said. 
“You’re pretty cynical.” 
“Gotta be,” he said, “still waiting on my cut to turn into a scar.”
“Look at it this way,” she said, “a scar is better than bleeding.”
He stopped when he felt another aftershock ripple through the foundation, giving him an excuse to change the subject. “You never said how ya got here.” 
“That’s ‘cause I don’t know,” Deneese confessed. 
“Don’t know or don’t remember?” 
“I don’t…”
“What do ya remember?” he asked.
“I don’t remember anything after the accident.”
***
Drew jammed a broken piece of rebar between the doors. He worked the shaft back and forth, prying them open wide enough to get a grip. 
Deneese slipped her slender fingers into the opening and grabbed hold. She pulled until the tracks clicked and the doors rolled back. 
“Careful,” Drew warned.
They stepped into the laboratory, avoiding the shattered glass scattered across the tiled floor. Broken monitors and smoldering workstations littered the interior, forcing them to climb over and around the expensive scrap.
“Nobody’s home,” she whispered. 
Wrong. The first shot pinged off the wall before either could react. 
Drew yanked her down to the floor. 
The second shot missed high. 
“Don’t shoot!” Drew yelled.
There was a delay before the shooter answered. “Who’s there?”
He recognized the gravely voice even if she didn’t recognize his. He rose with his hands up. “I ain’t carrying.”
Doctor Jagger limped out from behind the overturned console gripping the gun in her trembling hands. Cuts and bruises weakened her resolve and she didn’t put up a fight when Drew took the gun from her. 
“We need bandages or something,” Deneese said.
“There’s a first aid kit by that cabinet over there,” Jagger said. “No…the other one.”
Drew helped her into a chair. “Why’d ya shoot at us?”
Jagger managed a grin. “Thought you were Runyon.”
“Ya don’t have to worry ‘bout him no more,” Drew said.
Her eyes widened. “Oh God…is he?”
“Dead,” Drew said.
He stepped back to let Deneese attend to her cuts, giving him the chance to study her at a distance, something that made her uncomfortable. “You don’t work for the hospital.”
“Duh…” 
Deneese wiped the dried blood from Jagger’s cheek. “Ouch! That stings…”
“That shot you gave me,” Drew said. “That weren’t no flu shot.”
Jagger winced in pain. “It was an RFID chip. The signal let us track you, then put you to sleep when the time was right.” 
“What’s Frost want with me after all this time?” Drew asked.
“Don’t know who that is,” Jagger said.
Her answer confounded him. “Then who’s running all this?”
“All I know is what I pieced together,” Jagger said. 
Drew knelt beside her. “Then tell me.”
“I think after the project got cancelled, bits and pieces got sold off to the highest bidders.”
“What project?” Deneese asked.
Jagger paused before answering. “Project Chimera.” 
“What’s that?” Deneese asked.
Jagger nodded at Drew in acknowledgement. “He knows.” 
“They put Enzyme Seven into our school water supply,” Drew said. “They was trying to make better soldiers by changing our DNA.”
“Did it work?” Deneese asked.
“Yeah,” he said. “I mean no. I mean it’s something I don’t wanna get into.”
Deneese turned her attention back to Jagger’s wounds. “These cuts are gonna heal, but you’re gonna have some deep scars left behind.”
Drew pretended not to hear her. “If the feds cancelled the project, then you ain’t workin’ for the Army.” 
Jagger shook her head.
“Then what do ya want from me?”
“Not me,” she said, “them.”
“Alright, them.”
“I don’t think they ever really wanted you,” she said. “You were just the bait.”
“Bait?” Drew repeated.
“Yeah, the bait. They wanted to get their hands on Susan W-w-olfesleg...”  
“Pronounced Kraft,” Drew said. “First thirty letters are silent.”
“Whose Susan Kraft?” Deneese asked.
“Anyway, if they got you, they thought she’d come out of hiding,” Jagger said.
“Why?” Drew asked. “Why do they want her?”
“All I know is that they need her help,” Jagger said. “Runyon let that slip one day.”
“But who did all this?” Drew asked.
“Don’t know for sure,” Jagger said. “The Enzyme Seven research is valuable. Could be anybody trying to get it.”
If they were after Enzyme Seven, he wasn’t the target; he was collateral damage. That made him, made them, expendable. 
Deneese finished wrapping her arm. “That’s the best I can do.”
“I know why you’re here,” Jagger said to Drew, “but what I don’t know is why you’re here.”
Deneese stepped back like she was offended. “I don’t know either. Was kinda hoping you’d tell me.”
Jagger looked her up and down. “No. But then again, they only told me as much as I needed to know.”
Drew helped the Doctor to her feet. “Can you walk?”
“I’m alright,” she said. “I can walk.”
“If you can walk, you can cut,” he said. He handed Jagger the Swiss Army knife. “Take the chip out.”
***
Deneese rummaged through the lab, checking the damaged equipment for anything they could use to help them dig out. She pushed a toppled bookshelf out of the way, uncovering a steel security door she couldn’t open. “What’s in there?”
Jagger didn’t say anything. Instead, she put the knife down and finished wrapping Drew’s arm in gauze. 
“Answer her,” Drew said.
“It’s restricted,” Jagger said.
Drew grabbed her by the arm and dragged her to the door. “Open it.”
She punched her security code into the adjacent keypad and the door whooshed open. 
Reinforced concrete kept the interior intact, limiting the damage in comparison to the rest of the installation. The power remained, though dimmed by reliance on the battery back-ups.
“What is all this?” Drew asked.
Twelve glass pods stood in a circular array, connected by a tangle of wires and hoses to monitoring equipment built into the modular walls. Stainless steel cages framed each transparent canopy, providing the ten foot by six foot eggs added structural support.
“I think they’re the reason we were hit,” Jagger said. 
Drew recognized the pod’s inhabitants from the book in Lazy-Eye Susan’s library. “The Transylvania Brigade.”
Pods one through eleven held a single Crypto suspended in some kind of translucent blue fluid. Their anatomies fused reptilian with mammalian, mammalian with aquatic, and aquatic with insectoid characteristics in abhorrent combinations. 
“What about number twelve?” Deneese asked. 
Drew checked for an obvious mutation in the soldier but saw none. “She looks so…”
“Normal?” Jagger said. “She wasn’t. She was special, though not unique.”
“Special how?” Drew asked.
“She could see things we couldn’t see, hear things we couldn’t hear,” Jagger explained.
“Then there’s two kinds of Cryptos,” Drew said.
Jagger agreed. “Type A and type B. She’s type B.” 
Deneese pressed her face against the pod glass casing. “They alive?”
“No,” Jagger said, “they’ve been dead for a long time.” She wiped the dust off of the control panel in front of her. Each pod was wired for vital statistics, though none of the twelve pods showed any activity. 
“Then why keep ‘em?” Deneese asked.
“To study them,” Jagger said. 
“Study how?” Drew asked. “Study why?”
“After all these years they still don’t know what Enzyme Seven really is,” Jagger said. 
Drew remembered Lazy-Eye Susan’s experiment years before; “You keep calling it an enzyme, which ain’t quite right—strictly speaking,” she’d said. “It’s a living thing. Like a parasite.”
“Don’t look like nothing’s wrong with ‘em,” Deneese said.
“A side effect of the treatment protocol,” Jagger said. “The specimens are...”
“Specimens?” Drew muttered. “They’re people…human beings…soldiers.”
“Are there anymore?” Deneese asked.
“These are the only Cryptos on site,” Jagger said. 
“Why’d ya say it like that?” Drew asked.
Jagger pretended not to know what he meant. “Like what?”
“These are the only Cryptos on site,” Drew said.
Jagger opened up one of the cabinets and pulled out a thick white binder with ‘CONFIDENTIAL’ stenciled across the cover. The binder held a dozen or so eight inch floppies inside laminated dust jackets like a photo album.
“What are these?” Drew asked.
“Names,” Jagger said. “Names and addresses of survivors…” 
“What survivors?” Drew asked.
“Almost all of the original members of the Transylvania Brigade fell victim to the treatment protocols,” Jagger explained.
“Almost all?” Drew said.
“A small percentage survived and didn’t exhibit any outward mutations,” Jagger said.
Drew turned back toward number twelve. “Like type B?”
“Like type B,” Jagger agreed. “Enzyme Seven remained dormant until activated.” 
“Do they know they got it inside them?” he asked.
“No,” Jagger said, “but they kept track of them.”
She reached for the binder but Drew handed it to Deneese instead. 
“Wouldn’t it be easier to keep this stuff on a thumb drive?” Deneese asked.
“The technology’s archaic by design,” Jagger said, “not many machines come with eight-inch disk drives anymore. Makes the system that much more secure.”
She turned and headed for the broken doors expecting them to follow. She wasn’t surprised when they didn’t. 
“Whoever hit us will be coming to make sure the job is finished,” Jagger explained. “And even though you got no reason to believe me, I wanna help you get outta here.” 
Drew didn’t trust her, but they still needed her help to get out. He flashed the gun just to remind Jagger he still had it. “Lead on.”
CHAPTER 9
The General Manager was already checking his watch by the time Molly made it back to the editing suite. He almost didn’t recognize her in her jeans and college sweatshirt, though with her refined bone structure, she never needed much make-up, which was the exact amount she was wearing.
“Sorry I’m late,” she apologized, “just getting some coffee.”
Dan’s posture straightened when she entered the room. Even in his wingtips she was almost four inches taller than him, and she always got the feeling he resented her for it.
“You been here all night?” he asked.
She took a gulp and rubbed at her eyes. “Yeah, but it was worth it.”
She’d given him six months when he arrived convinced the year-round tan and pinky ring wouldn’t play in the Midwest. But that was three years ago, and here they were.
He pulled his chair up next to her while she scrubbed through the traffic cam footage. “What are we looking at?” 
“You tell me,” she said.
He studied the clip for a second. “Is this the Texas video?”
“No. This happened the day before outside of Mobile, Alabama.”
“Tornado?”
“Not this time of year.”
“What then?”
She paused the playback. “Still not sure…but what does this look like?”
He took his glasses off, and put them back on again. “A…black…rainbow kinda zagzigging across the sky.” 
“See how it’s casting a shadow across the landscape beneath,” she said. “But it disappears right about…here?”
“Hmm…So it’s only on that one frame. Glitch?”
“Maybe,” she said. “Except we had the same thing on the Texas footage earlier.”
That was puzzling. “Is there anything else about this on the network site?”
“No mention of it, even on the local affiliate,” she said. “And then there’s these guys with the berets again.”
“Yeah, I remember you mentioned them before,” he said. 
She reached into her messenger bag and pulled out a 78 RPM album. 
“What’s this?” he said.
“The Zero Album.”
“Who’s the band?” he asked.
“The Smiley-Face Witches,” she said.
The faded art work, which must have been controversial in its time, showed a gathering of women wearing Mardi-Gras style masks and nothing else, posed in front of an elaborate sandcastle sculpture. “Kookie. Where’d ya get it?”
“Some girl was selling ‘em at a booth inside the convention center,” Molly said. 
He wasn’t there when she broke the Crypto-Punk story the first time, but he knew her history like everyone else at the station. “Didn’t I have to twist your arm just to get you to cover Cryptopalooza?”
“What can I say, you were right and I was wrong,” she admitted.
“You can say it more often,” he said.
She unplugged her headphones and turned up the speakers. “Had PBS digitize the album during lunch.” 
The music was atypical of the progressive rock bands of the era, keyboards and wailing guitars echoing pretentious lyrics describing epic battles and mythic kingdoms in the most flowery way possible. 
“Guess I’ve heard worse…Does it all sound like that?”
“Yeah, except for the last song,” she said. “Track thirteen.”
He checked the liner notes and counted the tracks. “Only twelve here.”
“Track thirteen is unlisted,” she said.
“Then how’d you find it?”
“By accident,” she said.
“Accident?”
She switched tracks and hit play. “It’s not on the album, it’s underneath the album.”
He listened for a few seconds. “Sounds like robots doing karaoke.”
“That’s the song,” she said. “They recorded it at a lower frequency and layered the other songs on top. It’s one continuous loop running the length of the album.” 
She rewound the Texas footage, but this time isolated the audio. 
Dan listened for a second but didn’t hear anything, so she adjusted the pitch and frequency until he could. “Same as the album, same as track thirteen.”
She nodded. “It’s on the Mobile footage, too.” 
“I don’t remember hearing…”
“You wouldn’t,” she said. “You couldn’t. It’s below the human auditory threshold. The only reason we can hear it is that PBS boosted the levels.”
“Play it again,” he said.
“A lot of these towns have their traffic cams on-line,” Molly explained, “And the song is on all the footage.” 
He sat there a moment making the ‘face,’ one eyebrow arched, the other one down, one eye open-wide, and the other focused into a squint. And there was the mouth, lips puckered like he’d been sucking lemons. 
“Why?”
“Why what?” she asked.
“Why is someone blowing these schools up?” he said. 
“That I don’t know…yet.”
“Alright,” he said, “then who is blowing these schools up?”
“Don’t know that either.”
“A buncha dusty records with secret messages on ‘em ain’t news, kid.” 
“That same song is playing every time one of these schools blows-up,” she said.
He mirrored her movements, using techniques he’d no doubt gleaned from the last management seminar he’d attended. “You remind me of a reporter I worked with.”
“Who?”
“Jack McGee.”
“Don’t know him.”
“A legend,” he said, “but he had the same problem as you.”
“Which is?”
“He couldn’t connect the dots.”
Her expression hardened. “What do ya mean?”
“He couldn’t connect the dots,” Dan said. “And because he couldn’t, the audience couldn’t either.”
“I know our audience,” she said, “I’ve been here almost...”
“I don’t think you do. This is the golden age for dummies,” he announced. “Not that I’m complaining, because that’s our core audience.”
“But they’re the…”
“Used to be a pterodactyl or a wooly mammoth would take ‘em out of the gene pool, but not anymore. There’s all kinds of safeguards to protect ‘em. And helmets, lotsa helmets. Helmets for everybody. And because stupid parents can only have stupid children, there’s more and more of them every day.”
“What does any of…”
“Conspiracies are tough enough for someone of average intelligence to follow, so you can forget about our audience. You know where most kids get their news?” 
“No…”
“The Daily Show,” he said. “And that’s hosted by a second-rate stand-up comic.”
“But…”
“I’ve seen our ratings,” he said. “Our audience would rather watch shows about urine-soaked prostitutes and the midget rappers that love them than in-depth investigative journalism.”
“Yeah, but…”
“Remember the cheapskate Spider-Man? Or the guy in a white suit ordering spaghetti? Or the optometrist who thought he’d been turned into a cat?”
How could she forget? She’d covered them all.
“That’s what the audience wants,” he said.
“Yeah, but…”
“You’re instincts are off, kid. And every good reporter needs good instincts.” 
He got up to leave, but paused in the doorway. “You know who’s got good instincts? Debbi.”
“Debbi? The weather girl?”
“Don’t typecast her just yet,” Dan said. “We’re trying her out on some human interest stories. I gotta feeling she’s just starting to spread her wings.”
Molly’s frown turned to a full-blown pout. “Yeah, I saw her spreading her wings at the company picnic. Behind the bleachers with…” 
His cheeks flushed and he had to clear his throat to continue. “She’s got more on the ball than you give her credit for…You should see the story she’s working now.”
“What story?”
Dan stepped back into the suite, lowering his voice to a whisper. “Somebody might be poisoning candy bars…The kind of candy bars schools sell for fundraising.”
“What?” 
“I know, I can’t believe it either,” Dan said, “but she’s done her homework. She’s gonna be one crackerjack little journalist.”
***
It was half-past five and already dark by the time Spider made it to Goodale Avenue. He’d kept the Botkins busy all afternoon, pedaling across town and back before finally shaking them only a few minutes before. 
He turned his bike into the botanical park, passing through the wrought iron arches welcoming the general public. Bushes ran along the street-facing fence, providing a natural barrier against noise and traffic and a good place to hide. 
He tucked his bike into the foliage and got comfortable. 
“What ya looking at?”
Grady’s sudden materialization startled him. “Where’d you come from?”
He pointed to the willow on the other side of the park entrance. “My bike’s chained to that tree.”
He’d always been light on his feet, no doubt because of the time spent on his skateboard, but it could be creepy on occasions. “You need to wear a bell ‘round your neck like a cat.” 
“Dude, wasn’t sure it was you so I didn’t say nothing.”
“Who else would be hiding in the bushes?” Spider asked.
Grady pointed to the homeless guy relieving himself in the distance.
“That a box of wine strapped to his back?” Spider asked.
“Yeah, dude,” Grady said, “and he’s got bendy straws running from the box to his mouth like some kinda wino astronaut.”
“Get down,” Spider said.
Grady trained his eyes on Lazy-Eye Susan’s hundred-year old fairy tale Victorian across the street. “Dude, where’d she get the loot for the castle?” 
“Drew said she won the lottery a buncha times.” 
If he’d have said that about anybody else, Grady wouldn’t have believed him, but this was Lazy-Eye Susan. “What we doing here?” 
“She texted me,” Spider said.
“Who texted ya?”
“Lazy-Eye Susan,” Spider said, “she’s got some stuff she needs help carrying.” 
“What stuff?”
“Don’t know,” Spider said. 
“Why we hiding here instead of waiting on her porch?” Grady asked. “Thought we lost the Botkins.”
“We did,” Spider said.
“Then what?”
“Might be somebody else trying to grab her,” Spider said.
“Like those Acolyte chicks?”
“Maybe,” Spider said. “Kinda weird she didn’t know what they were up to.” 
A passing truck sent them ducking beneath the hedgeline. Parked cars lining the street made convenient hiding places for anybody that was…
“What was that?” Spider asked.
Grady shoved another handful of chips into his mouth. “I’m hungry…”
“Did ya run out of celery?” 
Grady gobbled another handful out of spite. “Dude, it only sounds loud because you’re close.”
Spider wiped the crumbs from his face. “First…say it, don’t spray it…second, you shouldn’t bring anything crunchy to a stakeout. That’s just common sense.” 
Grady tucked the foil bag into his coat pocket. “This ain’t a stakeout. Anyway, what’d you bring?” 
“Just finished a sandwich.”
“What kind?” Grady asked.
Spider tossed him the empty wrapper. 
“Dude, garlic bologna not only keeps kosher vampires away but the ladies, too.”
“I like it,” Spider said.
“What else ya got in your backpack?”
“Soup,” Spider said.
“Dude, a bowl of soup? Ya serious?”
Spider waved his thermos at him. “In here, dummy.”
Grady snorted. “I’ve heard ya slurp soup at lunch. Ya sound like a toilet flushing.”
Another car sputtering down the street forced them below the hedgeline again. 
“Hey. Hey…Check out Fat and the Furious,” Spider said.
The delivery boy parked the tricked-out Toyota on the street but kept the engine running. 
Grady licked his lips. “Think that guy will sell me a slice?”
“You ain’t blowing our cover for a slice of pie,” Spider said. 
“Maybe I can swipe a slice while he ain’t looking.”
“What if he catches ya and starts swinging?” Spider asked.
“Dude, he’s got sausage fingers and if he tried to hit me, at least a knuckle sandwich would taste good.”
“Yeah. Yeah. Like sausage,” Spider said, “because of his sausage fingers. And also like the blood from your mouth, from when he slugs ya…The blood would be the sauce.”
“Got it,” Grady said.
The doughy delivery boy made it back to his car before Grady could make a move, so Spider offered him his thermos as a consolation prize. “Here…have some...”
“Shut-up,” Grady said, “somebody’s coming.”
Another car turned the corner at the end of the quiet street, the passing beams freezing them like raccoons caught raiding a garbage can. 
“Wonder if that’s the same cab that passed me earlier?” Spider said. 
Since it was the same kind of yellow cab he saw every day, he wasn’t sure. He watched the hack creep down the street before pulling to a stop in front of the Victorian. 
“Wait…is that her?” Grady asked.
Lazy-Eye Susan climbed out of the taxi and paid the cabbie. She grabbed her shopping bags from the backseat and casually strolled up the flagstone walkway to her front porch. 
“Let’s roll,” Spider said. 
Grady turned toward his bike but one of the parked vehicles flashed their headlights and he scurried back to the hedges. 
“Who’s that?” Spider asked.
“Don’t know, but they’re just hangin’,” Grady said. “Looks like that van that…”
Spider sniffed the air. “What’s that smell?”
“Don’t look at me,” Grady said. “Wait…Smells like…Gas.” 
***
“Did ya hear that?” Clementine asked.
Newton shot her a quizzical glance. “Hear what?”
She peeked through the gaps in the Windmill’s shutters but didn’t see anything. “Sounded like sirens.”
“Chill,” Newton said. 
“Grady and Spider shoulda been back by now,” she said. “Something’s wrong.” 
Newton took his glasses off and rubbed his eyes. Sleeping inside the Windmill was almost as bad as not sleeping at all, and the Spartan accommodations were taking a toll. “Guess this must be what Drew feels like all the…”
“They totally shoulda been back by now.” 
“Relax!” he snapped.
Clementine gave him a second to cool down. “What’s up your butt?”
“Sorry, just tired,” he said. “Did ya hit ‘em up?”
She waved her phone at him. “If they answered don’t ya think I woulda…”
Spotlights shot like lasers through the gaps in the slats before she finished her sentence. 
“Cops!” Clementine said. Police helicopters weren’t unfamiliar in that neighborhood, but neither of them had ever been this close to one.
Clementine took cover behind the stacked lumber. “Sure snuck up on us awful quiet. Oh my God, they’re landing!”
There was only one way out of the Windmill, and even if there was another, they wouldn’t get far running from a chopper full of cops. Besides, if they’d called back-up, they were already surrounded.
“What do we do?” she asked.
***
Clementine followed Newton out of the Windmill with her hands up. The spotlights were at ground level and aimed right at them. And though she couldn’t see anything, she recognized the voice calling out to her from the light. 
“Ahoy mateys!” 
Her eyes adjusted to the glare and she realized what she thought was a police chopper, wasn’t. She lowered her arms. “The Moonclipper…”
The last time she’d faced down the crescent moon she was dodging rocket fire from its side-mounted pods. Staring into the silver face’s unblinking eyes made it tempting to think the airship was back to finish the job.
Susan posed next to the battered craft’s hatch and tipped her three-corner hat. “Normally I don’t pick-up hitchhikers, but I thought that I’d make an exception just this once.”
Grady followed Spider out of the Moonclipper’s hatch. Their presence beside her explained what she meant by hitchhikers, but little else.
“What are ya dressed up for?” Newton asked.
Susan glanced back at the skull and crossbones she’d hoisted up the airship’s antenna. “Wore this to a Halloween party a few years back. The knee boots and velvet frock coat go with the Jolly Roger.”
Newton waited for Clementine to explain this was part of the plan he’d slept through, but she was just as confused as he was. 
“What is goin’ on?” Clementine asked.
Susan patted the Moonclipper’s battered bow. She’d grown attached to the unorthodox craft despite the sculpted face’s uncomfortable familiarity. “They had this sitting in the middle of the village near the monastery. Took some fast talking and some doing but they patched up the holes and had me on my way.”
“What happened to you guys?” Clementine asked, “Why ya got soot all over ya?” 
Grady pulled his cell phone out and hit play. “Take a look at this.” 
Clementine watched the video run all the way through. “Play it again.”
She watched Susan’s house contract for a split-second—then balloon with surreal elasticity before detonating. The shockwave shattered windows up and down the block, triggering car alarms and driving dogs howling mad. 
“Your house blew up?” Clementine said.
“Lit up the whole freaking block,” Grady said. 
“That was the plan?” Clementine asked.
“Weren’t my plan. That were somebody else’s notion entirely,” Susan said. 
Clementine couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “Somebody tried to kill you?”
Grady fast forwarded the footage. “Not just anybody…Who’s that look like to you?”
Clementine recognized Pink-Braids running from the scene despite the shaky camera. “Acolytes.” 
“Afraid so,” Susan said. “But I had a hunch something were up and I was ready for ‘em.”
“We can use this,” Newton said, “The story will be all over the news…Anybody looking for ya will think your dead and lay-off us.”
Susan gave him a wink and checked her watch. “Time’s a wasting. We gotta get movin’ if we’re gonna catch up with Drew.”
Clementine gestured toward the Moonclipper. “In that?”
“Tracking him from the air is the best way I know how,” Susan said.
They hurried back inside to grab their gear, all but Clementine, who hung back. 
Susan tried soothing her trepidation. “I know. The face looks an awful lot like Frost. But ya get used to it after a while.”
The resemblance to their old Vice-Principal was uncanny and unsettling, but Clementine fixated on something else. “What happened to your eye?”
Susan stroked her eyepatch. “Left it behind kinda like a souvenir. An old trick my fourth husband showed me.”
“How ya mean?” Clementine asked.
“Lets the insurance company know you’re really and truly dead when ya file a claim. Not that I’d do that kinda thing, mind you.” 
“Ya think they bought it?” Clementine asked.
“They might,” Susan said, “For a little while, anyhow. But they’ll be sifting through the ashes and when they don’t find nothing, they’ll turn the heat up even hotter.”
“Ya never did say how ya knew they’d try blowing ya up in the first place?” Clementine said.
Susan pulled back her coat to show Clementine the paper doll tucked into her pocket. “A little birdie flew into my window and told me.”
***
Mickey-D’s mom pushed the door open wide enough to fit her head in, curlers and all. She took a drag from her cigarette, the corners of her blistered lips drooping in disgust. “What a mess.” 
Between the centerfolds tacked to the wall, and the White Castle wrappers littering the floor, she wondered why child protective services hadn’t already shown up. Then she remembered—the social worker wasn’t coming until the next Tuesday. 
“Turn that music off and turn them damn lights out, too,” she ordered, and shut the door behind her.
He climbed out of bed to do what she asked but caught his reflection in the mirror and lingered. He tugged at his baby fat, pulling it taught and imagining how he’d look when it was gone. He checked the Church’s bag on his dresser. “Three…four…Still five left.”
Mickey-D wasn’t sure what was in the candy bars and he didn’t care. Selling to the jocks kept him safe and selling to everybody else put money in his pocket. And if one out of ten customers having a seizure like Mr. Peck was the price…“Gotta get paid somehow…” 
But it was more than that. He craved the weightless feeling EZ8 gave him when he ingested his own product, the drunken remembering of memories he’d made and those he’d made up, all happening all at the same time, all happening right then.
He climbed into bed and pulled the covers up, but the driver outside their apartment was parked, his headlights beaming directly into his room.
Mickey-D got up to draw the blinds, but stopped before he got to the window. They lived opposite Dino’s Carry-Out and traffic was heavy all the way up to closing around eleven, but something wasn’t right. 
“Can’t be a car parked outside, ‘cause I’m three-stories up.” 
The light bloomed, flaring bright enough to make him turn away. He took a step back, and then another, tripping over his books and landing on his back. “What the…”
The silver face appeared outside his window like the worst part of a storybook nightmare, craggy features carved out of the darkness by the flickering pink glow of the carry-out’s neon sign. 
“Thou art not dreaming,” the Face boomed with a baritone deep enough to shake the plaster from the ceiling. 
His mom pounded on the wall. “Turn that damn hippety-hop down!” 
He tried screaming for help, but the words stuck in his throat. He tried to move, to get away, but his arms and legs went limp. He worried his condition was one of EZ8’s side effects but decided it was nothing short of sheer terror.
“Mickey-D, the hour of thy judgment has arrived,” the Face announced.
“Y-y-y-ou God?”
The Face didn’t answer right away. Instead, Mickey-D heard a multitude of voices going back and forth. He clamped his hands to the side of his head, trying to drown them out, but they only got louder. 
“Yes, this is thy Lord…”
“How do I know?” he whimpered.
“You’re real name is Kevin…”
While everyone knew him as Mickey-D, not everyone knew his real name was Kevin. “What do ya want from…”
“Thou shalt not hang out with the Acolytes,” the Face said, “and thou shalt not meet them in front of the Holiday Lanes bowling alley…” 
It was God. Mickey-D fell to his knees. “What do ya want of me, Oh Lord?”
“Leaveth those kids alone,” the Face said. 
“What kids?”
“You knoweth what kids,” the Face snapped. “The kids thou hast been selling EZ8 to…like JD Parker and those other jerks.”
How did he know? God knew everything, that’s how. But even in the face of the all-mighty, he pushed his luck. “How I know I ain’t dreaming or something like…”
The Face answered his challenge with a surge of crackling blue current dancing through his window. 
Mickey-D grabbed his pillow, beating the fire out before the smoke detector kicked in. He was already in trouble for coming home late and didn’t want to add to his problems by having company after curfew—supernatural or otherwise. 
“And stop doing that other thing!” the Face commanded.
“What other thing?” Mickey-D asked.
“You knoweth what other thing,” the Face said.
Mickey-D’s eyes darted toward the centerfolds of their own accord. His face reddened, but the fire started up again and diverted his attention. He squelched the flames but by the time he turned back around the light faded, leaving the room cool and blue. 
“Lord? Where’d ya go?” he asked, but God didn’t answer. He waited a few more seconds before mustering his courage and crept toward the window. 
“Remember I knoweth where thou goest to school,” the Face said, before turning and lifting into the night sky.
Mickey-D watched the silver crescent disappear behind a bank of gray clouds. He had so many questions and might never get another chance to ask them. “God? Come back, God!”
His mom pounded another warning against the wall. “If you don’t shut-up and get to bed, you’re gonna see God in person soon enough!”
CHAPTER 10
Lazy-Eye Susan eased the yoke back, taking the Moonclipper up to cruising altitude, which in their case equaled five thousand feet. “Low enough to miss commercial traffic, but high enough to avoid eyewitness identification,” she explained.
Clementine kicked back in the navigator’s chair. “Guess Mickey-D won’t be messing with nobody for a while. Did ya see the look on his face? Awesome.”
“I reckon I owed y’all that after what ya told me about them gals pushin’ that chocolate,” Susan said. 
Newton balanced himself against the cockpit’s bulkhead, trying not to get airsick. “Guess we shoulda said something earlier.”
“Guess I can understand why ya didn’t,” Susan admitted. “Can’t blame ya for not being sure ‘bout where my loyalties lie after so much time done passed.”
“But why’d the Acolytes put EZ8 in the candy bars in the first place?” Newton asked. “What do they get out of it?”
“Their way of spreading the gospel,” Susan said.
Newton swayed back and forth, trying not to get sick. “What do ya mean?” 
“EZ8 was one of the…sacraments Gulliver passed out at parties,” Susan said. 
Her nonchalant admission surprised him. “EZ8? You took it?”
“It was the Sixties,” Susan said. “Though I didn’t know ‘til just a few years ago he made it outta Enzyme Seven.”
“What’s the difference?” Newton asked.
“You can make wine from grapes, but ya need wine to make brandy,” Susan explained. “Enzyme Seven is the wine…”
“And EZ8 is the brandy,” Clementine said. “Why’d you take it? Did he make ya?”
“Gulliver weren’t no sorcerer, and his words weren’t no spells,” Susan explained. “Hain’t nothing he coulda done or said that woulda made me do something I didn’t wanna do.”
“What’s it like?” Newton asked. “EZ8, I mean?”
“Different folks have different reactions,” Susan said.
“What’d it do to you?” Clementine asked. 
Susan didn’t answer right away, taking her time to choose the right words. “Lets me see things other folks can’t see, hear things they can’t…”
“Is EZ8 what lets ya work your…spells?” Newton asked.
“The way ya say spell makes it sound like a dirty word,” Susan complained. “But a spell hain’t no different than a program.”
Newton couldn’t let her statement go unchallenged. “A program is a set of instructions written to let the CPU execute a specific action inside a computer…”
Susan glanced askance at him from the corner of her eye. “And what’s a spell but a set of instructions written to let a brain execute a specific action within reality?”
Newton couldn’t argue her analogy. “Go back to EZ8.”
“In the right dosage, and under the right conditions, EZ8 awakens the third eye,” Susan said. 
“And in the wrong dosage, and the wrong conditions?” Newton asked.
“Insanity, at best,” Susan said, “coma or death at worst.”
“What’s the third eye?” Clementine asked. 
 “Most folks calls it the pineal gland,” Susan said.
Clementine had never heard the term before. “What’s a pineal...”
“It’s a part inside your brain,” Newton said, “helps regulate sleep.”
Clementine’s massaged her temples. “Do I have one?”
“Everybody has one,” Newton said, “but it just regulates sleep.”
“Does more than that,” Susan said. “Lets ya blur the line between the possible and the impossible.”
“What does that mean?” Clementine asked.
“In an infinite universe, anything that can occur will occur,” Susan said. “No matter how crazy or unlikely.”
“Or impossible?” Newton said. 
“Or impossible,” Susan agreed. “And that means all the information for any event that’s ever happened or ever will happen is already encoded in the fabric of space-time…”
“Because information can never be destroyed,” Newton said. 
“Which also means information can never be created,” Susan said. “Just reorganized. After ya accept that notion, ya just pick the possibility ya want and improve the probability of it happening when ya want it to happen.” 
As intriguing as Susan made it sound, the idea of messing with the brain’s natural chemistry troubled Clementine. “Weren’t ya scared?” 
“I was young and dumb,” Susan said. “Gulliver told us it would open our minds to the coming changes, and he had a way of making…”
 “Changes?” Clementine said. “Ya mean ‘bout the stuff on the Zero Album?”
Her casual reference to the record caught Susan by surprise. “Where’d ya hear ‘bout that?”
Clementine winked. “I got my ways.”
“What’s the Zero Album?” Newton asked.
Susan balked at going into more detail, something she wasn’t usually shy about. “It’s gonna sound crazy…”
“We’re cruisin’ around at five thousand feet in a giant Man-in–the Moon blimp and you’re totally dressed like a pirate,” Clementine said. 
Susan’s snort turned into a wheezing laugh. “Gulliver were brilliant, but he got…a little crazy toward the end. Reckon the guilt of what he did during the war started eating away at ‘im.”
“You mean the experiments and stuff with Enzyme Seven?” Clementine said.
Susan agreed. “Think he was trying to find some kinda justification for what he done. Think that’s why he was always reading and...”
“What kinda books?” Newton asked.
“All kinda books,” Susan said. “He pieced together his own kinda mythology, figuring out what’d he’d done, were done before. That anytime there were stories of superhuman heroes and inhuman monsters and such through history, Enzyme Seven were responsible.” 
“The twilight of the old world and the dawn of the new,” Clementine said. “We’re the old…”
“…And Cryptos are the new?” Newton said.
Susan’s sheepish smile belied her cynicism. “The world’s more likely to end with pens and paperwork than fire and brimstone.”
“Ya think your pals really believe in all that stuff?” Newton asked.
“Reckon some believe more than others,” Susan said. “And some believe in the believing so much that the rituals and ceremony surrounding the thing become more important than the thing itself.”
“Like Christmas?” Clementine said.
“You’re too young to be so cynical,” Susan said. 
“When you’re a kid, half the fun is the anticipation,” Clementine said. “Trying to guess if you’re gonna get what you asked for. And then you open you’re presents and you’re all like, this ain’t as fun as the commercials made it look.”
Newton paused before posing his next question. “Gulliver Grimsby’s dead, ain’t he?” 
“He is,” Susan agreed. “Twice now, if’n ya count Jamphibian’s unfortunate demise.”
“And they need Enzyme Seven to make EZ8,” Newton said.
Susan nodded. “Right again.”
“Then who’s in charge?” Newton asked. “Somebody’s gotta be putting EZ8 in the chocolate, right?”
***
Tasha shifted the unwieldy box from one hand to the other and pushed the barn door open. She paused to inhale the fragrant perfume of cocoa and vanilla wafting through the air, and closed the door behind her. 
The Acolytes were hard at work, but she didn’t acknowledge them. Tasha didn’t even know what acolyte meant until she who must not be named told her. But now she used it in conversations whenever she could, which wasn’t often. Besides, it sounded so much better than interns.
She whipped her long pink braids over her shoulder before stepping on the hem of her robe. Working in the ceremonial garb frustrated her, but the robes evoked a certain kind of romanticism that helped recruiting while the masks kept the girls from sneezing into the product. 
Tasha took a quick lap around the factory floor to make sure the assembly line was functioning at full capacity. Their recipe was specific, and the girls followed it exactly, measuring and combining the ingredients inside giant brass cauldrons before adding the special sauce to the rich, velvety mixture.
Jen came toward her, clipboard in hand. She’d changed her name from Caitlin a few weeks before in a show of solidarity with the other Acolytes, almost all of whom were also named Jen. 
Tasha handed her the box. 
“These the labels?” Jen asked.
“Yeah,” Tasha said. 
Jen lifted her mask and stared back at Tasha with the same vacant expression as a dog waiting for a Frisbee to be thrown. “We need more special sauce.” 
“Out already?” Tasha said.
“What can I say, the stuff’s like, totally addictive,” Jen explained.
She followed Tasha to the antique iron safe at the back of the barn. 
“So, like where’s she get it?” Jen asked.
Tasha handed her one of the stainless steel canisters from within before slamming the safe shut again. “She was married to Willy Wonka. Got the recipe as part of the divorce settlement.”
Jen wasn’t sure if she was joking or not, but she was just as afraid of Tasha as the rest of the girls, so she beat it back to the assembly line.
Tasha climbed the stairs to the second story. Unfinished plywood walls divided the loft into four offices, though only one was occupied.
She heard music coming from the other side of the door, the same music playing whenever she went to the office. She preferred electrohouse herself, but she’d learned to tolerate the prog-rock pumping out of the speakers. 
Tasha raised her hand to knock, but the door creaked open all by itself. 
She who must not be named sat with her back to the door in a winged leather chair, but didn’t turn around. A window cut into the rough-hewn lumber let her keep an eye on the assembly line below, though she was otherwise occupied. 
 “Eight across…twelve letters… killing a witch?”
“Maleficacide,” Tasha said. “Was that really the crossword puzzle clue?” 
“No, I was just being dramatic…”
Tasha reached into her robe and put the glass eye on the desk. 
“Tell me what happened…and spare no detail.”
“Gas explosion,” Tasha said, and waited. She would have filled the interminable silence with idle chit-chat a few weeks before, but she’d grown accustomed to long, dramatic pauses in their conversations.
“You’ve done well.”
She who must not be named—“Sorry, is it alright if I go back to calling ya Nancy?”
“I suppose…but only ‘cause your teacher’s pet,” Nancy said. She lifted her mask and shook her hair loose. Suspiciously dark bangs framed bone white skin stretched taut over high cheek bones, rendering her age indeterminate. She could have been forty, she could have been eighty, or she could have been any age in between.
Tasha took her cue from Nancy and pushed back her own mask. Heavy lids hanging over wide-set hazel eyes softened angular features begging to be photographed. “So who was she?”
Nancy rolled the glass eye back and forth across the table. “An old friend.”
“Friend?”
Nancy stared back at Tasha from behind ambivalent blue eyes. “Actually, friend isn’t quite the right word for it.”
If friend wasn’t the word for it, enemy was. Nancy didn’t ask for any souvenirs from the others. Faking her funeral brought out the collection of arthritic blue-hairs like she’d planned, though they didn’t seem like much of a threat to their operation. 
But Nancy decided otherwise. “Use your imagination,” she said, so that’s what Tasha did, taking out the most senior Smiley-Face Witches in the most unusual ways. But she’d left no such instructions for Lazy-Eye Susan. 
“Any complications?”
“No,” Tasha said.
“Any complications?” Nancy repeated.
Tasha’s full lips stretched to cover a smile one tooth too wide for her mouth. “Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
Nancy slipped her necklace off and pried the gem from its mount. She snapped the glass eye into the setting and put the necklace back on. 
“A perfect fit,” Tasha said, “looks like ya had it made special for the occasion.”
“I did,” Nancy admitted. 
The record wound down and Tasha noticed something she’d overlooked when she’d first come in. She knelt beside the plushie toy sitting in the corner. “Where’d ya find this? I used to have one when I was growing up.” 
She remembered the baby gargoyle being much bigger than her other teddy bears, but she didn’t remember the toy coming shackled and chained.
“My Lil’ Thingamajig,” Tasha cooed. “But why’s it wearing glasses chained ‘round its neck like an old lady at a…”
She yanked her hand back. “That thing bit me!”
“Shoulda warned ya,” Nancy said, “Don’t put your hands anywhere near its mouth.” 
Tasha nursed her bleeding finger, angry with herself for letting the Thingamajig’s puppy dog eyes lull her in to complacency. She knew better than to trust anything was as it seemed inside Nancy’s office. “Where’d ya get that thing, anyway?” 
“I made it.”
Tasha’s nose crinkled. “Out of what? Smells like rotting meat.”
“Snails, and tails, and puppy dog entrails, that’s what that little boy is made of…”
Blood pooling around the Thingamajig’s feet confirmed the toy was stuffed with something other than foam.
“Is that thing chewing on a human ear?” Tasha asked, “never mind I don’t even wanna know.”
Nancy grabbed an empty tissue box from her desk and tiptoed toward the surly Thingamajig. She waited until the toy was distracted and snatched the severed ear back. “I’ve been looking for that all morning.” 
“Whose is it?”
“Never mind,” Nancy said, and put the ear in the box. “Put a record on. The music seems to put him a good mood.” 
Tasha browsed the stack of albums next to the turntable, keeping her eye on the Thingamajig growling at her in the corner. She read the title scribbled across the plain white dust jacket. “31063423 Peck, Peter?”
“That’s new,” Nancy said. 	
Tasha guessed he was a DJ like her. “What’s his sound like?”
“Like an operating system.” 
“An operating system?” Tasha said, “What kinda machine uses 78 RPM records for its operating system?”
“One stuffed with snails and tails and puppy dog entrails.”
Tasha didn’t know what she was talking about, but that wasn’t unusual.
“Put that aside and throw something on with a beat,” Nancy said, “I feel like celebrating.”
So did Tasha. Since they’d added EZ8 to the candy bars, nobody could get enough, and the money was coming in faster than they could count. She put another record on and turned the music up, loud enough for the girls on the floor to hear it. 
She watched the Thingamajig boogie to the music, mesmerized by the creature’s obscene gyrations. “What about the other two?”
“Now that their sister is gone, I don’t need them anymore,” Nancy said. “Best be rid of them before we head west.”
“What do you want me to do?” Tasha asked.
Nancy returned to her crossword puzzle. “Use your imagination.” 
***
She screamed. Jack the Zipper hadn’t even touched her yet, but the mere thought he might triggered a primal response. Instead, he tightened the shackles binding Lucy to the crude table and answered his phone. 
They called him Jack the Zipper because of the zipper in his leather mask where his mouth should be—and because his fly was unzipped when they first met. He was there when they woke, a blood-stained butcher’s apron wrapped around his elongated torso, reading glasses absurdly fitted over his mask. 
Penelope watched her sister getting worked over from between the bars of her cell wondering how they’d gotten themselves into such a mess. “Remember drinking from the cup at the funeral…but nothing after that.”  
She woke the next morning in the dank cellar wearing the same gown she’d worn to the funeral, surrounded by dusty jars of fruit preserves and stacks of old newspapers, nursing the worst hangover she’d ever had. 
Penelope pushed tangled strands of coarse gray hair out of her eyes. “How many days ago was that? Musta drugged us…Musta been something in the wine.”
“This might tickle a bit,” Jack said, his voice rising at the end of each sentence like he was asking for permission. He put one clammy hand under Lucy’s chin and the other behind her head and turned until he heard a sharp crack. 
Penelope turned away. She’d suffered the same ordeal but watching someone else endure it was so much worse. They’d fought back as long as they could but Jack’s methods were practiced and cruel, and they would have worked—if either sister knew where Lazy-Eye Susan was.
“Still, hain’t felt better in years,” Penelope admitted. Her arthritis was all but gone. Stiff joints flexed like they did when she was a young girl. Her posture stiffened and she was sure she stood at least two inches taller. 
She grabbed another newspaper from the bundle and got back to work. 
“If’n we ever get outta here, you’re gonna have to show me how ya make these,” Lucy said, but that was before Jack showed up.
The trick was in the folding of the newspaper and how the letters in the boxes overlapped with the adjoining puzzle to complete the spell. That and the blood sacrifice the ritual demanded. Lucy was always squeamish about such things.
Penelope pricked her finger and let the blood drip on to the paper doll. 
The doll twitched and jerked, breeching the transitory zone between nothingness and existence before coming to attention to salute its master. 
“At ease,” Penelope whispered.
There was no need for instructions since the doll’s orders were encoded within the puzzle boxes. The doll mounted the plane she’d folded and waited for her to launch. She checked to make sure Jack wasn’t looking and cracked the window. 
She held the plane between her thumb and forefinger and sent the pilot off with a kiss. “Bon voyage…”
The plane sailed through the open window before catching an updraft. She watched her erstwhile messenger climb high over the surrounding pines before losing sight of him for good.  
She’d lost track of how many she’d sent out, but reminded herself that only one of them had to find its way to a friendly port.
The cellar’s creaky wooden door opened, letting the piercing wind stab through their bones. 
Penelope remembered the girl’s colorful braids from the funeral, but didn’t think Tasha was their warden. She was dangerous, but young and inexperienced. No, she was just the muscle, an Amazonian enforcer in the service of her mistress. 
But seeing the Acolyte without her mask worried Penelope. “She must not care if’n we see her face, but why don’t she care?”
***
The cellar door swung open and Penelope followed Lucy out into the heavy, wet snow. Deep purple clouds masked the moon, rendering the night almost black. And while the derelict farmhouse was abandoned long ago, surveillance lights lit up the adjacent barn like a stadium. 
“What’s goin’ on over yonder?” Penelope wondered.
The school buses parked around the barn reminded her of the band’s tour caravan years before, their psychedelic color schemes evoking a kind of dreamy pageantry long since out of style. But Acolytes loading equipment on board the buses meant whoever snatched them wouldn’t be there much longer.
“Get movin’,” Tasha ordered, and raised the Needle-Gun belt-high. 
Penelope appreciated her weapon of choice, though not many others would. The burnished copper tip spit silver needles out with enough kinetic energy to maim or kill depending on how many times the bellows was pumped. It was another relic from Gulliver’s notebooks, an impractical idea made practical by his determined tinkering.
“Ya know they’re gonna get rid of us,” Lucy whispered.
“I know,” Penelope said.
They trudged along a serpentine path carved through the wooded ravine behind the farmhouse. The smell of pine resin seeping from the trees reminded Penelope Christmas was coming and she hadn’t even started her shopping. 
“Funny what ya think of when you’re up against it,” she muttered. 
Lucy scanned the surrounding scenery for anything they could use to their advantage. “You know this is gonna sound crazy, but I feel really good.” 
“Me, too,” Penelope said, “hain’t felt this good in ages.”
“Shut-it,” Tasha barked.
“At least they hain’t shot us yet,” Penelope whispered.
Lucy wondered about that herself. “How come they hain’t shot us yet?” 
“Must be marching us to where they dug the graves so they don’t have to carry us,” Penelope said.
They came to the edge of a rocky creek, a wobbly foot bridge connecting one side with the other. The gap wasn’t very far, and the bridge wasn’t very high, but the fall could break a leg or turn an ankle. 
“Don’t seem safe,” Lucy said.
Tasha pressed the Needle-Gun’s cold tip against Lucy’s back. “It ain’t. But the good news is that your only gonna have to cross it once.”
Lucy tested the bridge’s stability with her boot. The bridge quivered like Jell-O in response.
Tasha pumped the gun’s bellows. “Don’t make me count to three. Because ya know what’s gonna happen at three. One…”
Lucy started across the uneven planks, Penelope following right behind her.
“What do we do?” Penelope whispered. 
Lucy had a plan--Alright, not a plan. A plan implied careful thought. This was more of a reckless whim. “Remember Not Last Night But The Night Before?”
It was the rhyme they used to jump rope to when they were girls, but what could…“No,” Penelope pleaded, “You’ll kill us both!”
“They’ll kill us anyhow,” Lucy insisted, “and it might work.” 
“It might work,” wasn’t the endorsement Penelope wanted, but it was the best her sister could offer. 
Lucy waited until they were almost across then turned and stopped, sending a tremor rippling through the bridge.
Tasha threw her arms out at her sides to balance herself. “What are ya doing?” 
Lucy started jumping, only a few inches off the deck at first, but higher and higher as she gained confidence. “Not last night but the night before, twenty-four robbers came knocking at my door…” 
Tasha reached out to grab hold of Jack, but the whiplashing bridge threw him off balance, too. 
Penelope timed her jump to her sister’s cadence and joined in. “Not last night but the night before, twenty-four robbers came knocking at my door…”
The bridge’s undulation increased in wavelength and amplitude, giving Penelope and Lucy the break they needed. They synced their movements to the bridge’s rhythm, and surfed the wave to the other side of the ravine. 
Tasha fired and missed, spraying bark and pinecones across the frozen ground instead. She underestimated the gun’s kick, strong enough to send her crashing into the icy creek below. 
“Run!” Penelope shouted, “Run like ya never run before!”
Tasha climbed out of the shallow brook in time to watch the sisters bound through the pines like cats, moving through the knotted obstacle course with agility she didn’t think possible. 
“A little help…”
She looked up to see Jack’s bare legs dangling above her. He’d fallen halfway through, getting stuck between the bridge’s loose slats and ripping his pants almost all the way off. She grabbed hold of his ankles and pulled him the rest of the way through.
He pulled his mask off, giving Tasha a good look at him for the first time. Balding and bespectacled, his was an anonymous face devoid of any distinguishable characteristics. Not just another face in the crowd, but every face in the crowd.
 “Ya know what I think happened,” Jack mused, “I think that all that time I spent cracking their backs and their necks and the rest of their joints, and what not, loosened them up. Made them limber and more flexible.”
His explanation wasn’t much solace. “What’d ya do before this?” 
“I was a chiropractor,” he said.
“Didn’t know that,” Tasha muttered.
“Probably helped ease their arthritic pain,” he said.
“Probably…”
“Gave them agility they didn’t otherwise possess…”
“Yeah…”
Jack’s bemused grin widened. “In other words, the torture that we came up with was in fact, the very thing that enabled their escape. Ironic, huh?”
Tasha nodded. “Yeah, ironic.”
“But that’s Chiropractry for ya,” he said in a reflective moment. “The stories that I could tell you. The miracles that I’ve worked with these hands…”
“Nancy won’t like this,” Tasha said. The old broad wouldn’t raise hell in a street fight, but she was the boss for a reason. 
But who said she had to know what happened? There was only one other witness and Tasha could fix that. She turned to Jack. “You alright?”
“Me?” 
“They roughed you up pretty good back there, with all their flipping and geriatric acrobatics,” she reminded him.
Jack rubbed at his neck. “Got a bit of a headache. Have to check if my guild plan covers…”
She put her hands on his, and when she felt him relax, eased them up to his shoulders. “Maybe the chiropractor could use an…adjustment.” 
He paused to make sure the signal he was getting was the same one she was sending. They were both cold and wet and hypothermia was minutes away. Maybe delirium was setting in. 
She walked her fingers up the slope of his neck and worked her digits into his pale flesh. “You’ve got nice, big hands for a woman,” he said, “Bet you could palm a basketball.”
It wasn’t much of a compliment, but she wasn’t looking for one. She put one hand under his chin and the other on top of his head. 
“You’ve done this before,” he joked.
“Once or twice,” she said, and buried her knife into his back. 
CHAPTER 11
Lucy ran until she could run no more, clearing a swathe through the frosted foliage until her lungs seized and she collapsed to her knees. 
Penelope stopped when she did, just as spent as her sister. She looked back toward the direction they’d come from, but didn’t see anybody. ‘Think we lost ‘em?”
Lucy’s rapid breathing fogged the air, slowing as her adrenaline dissipated. “Hain’t sure. But we zagzigged…that should throw ‘em off for a while, anyhow.”
“Don’t hear no dogs or nothing,” Penelope said.
“We gotta get outta here,” Lucy said. She’d broken a sweat and neither of them had anything more than a silken gown to protect them against the Midwestern winter night. 
Penelope studied the surrounding forest for a clue to their location. “Nothing but trees in every direction except one.”
“What does that mean?”
“We gotta go back,” Penelope said.
“Are ya crazy?” Lucy asked. “Just pick any direction but the one we just came from!”
Penelope helped her to her feet. “They was through with us.”
“And thank heavens they was,” Lucy said. 
“They was through with us,” Penelope repeated, “Which means they either found big sister or…”
“They got rid of her the same way they was gonna get rid of us,” Lucy said.
“Family honor demands satisfaction in either case,” Penelope said.
Lucy knew she was right. “What do we do?”
“If’n they got her, we bust her loose,” Penelope said.
“And if’n they done worse?”
Penelope wrapped her knuckles into a fist. “Then we avenge her.”
“Ya saw them school buses,” Lucy said. “They won’t be hangin’ ‘round the farmhouse too much longer.”
Penelope’s mouth eased into a devilish grin. “Won’t nobody know who’s who on board them buses with them masks on.” 
“Thinkin’ of hitching a ride?” Lucy asked.
Penelope gave her a sly wink. “Ya read my mind.” 
***
They crawled out of the ruins on to a dusty, unpaved street. Ancient clapboard buildings stood on either side of them, neglected and forgotten, the names on the signs rubbed away by wind and sand. 
“Looks like some kinda wild west ghost town,” Drew said. 
“That’s because that’s what it is…was…whatever,” Doctor Jagger said. “Used to be some kinda tourist attraction. That pile of matchsticks we just crawled out of used to be the saloon. The top level anyway.” 
The blast leveled the saloon and the adjacent buildings, though the other side of the street remained curiously intact. 
“The town,” he said, “What’s it called?”
Jagger pointed to a barely legible sign marking the city limits. “Silverwood, New Mexico. Population, you and me.”
“And me,” Deneese reminded her.
The ghost town sat in a shallow valley surrounded by rugged foothills on three sides, the main drag bisecting the town into equal halves, the only way in or out.
“No cars or trucks,” Drew said, “How’d ya get here?”
“They fly us in and out by chopper,” Jagger said.
“How many people work here?” he asked.
“We work in small teams to maintain security,” Jagger said. “Most of the staff’s on Christmas break,”
Drew pulled his cell phone out but couldn’t get a signal. “Where the soldiers at?” 
“Mercenaries,” Jagger said, “there’s a difference.”
“Soldiers…mercenaries…Why ain’t any of ‘em crawling all over the place?” Drew asked.
“Give ‘em time,” Jagger said, but the mercenaries weren’t her only concern. She stared longingly at the setting sun disappearing over the range. Night wasn’t too far off, and temperatures in the scrublands dropped below freezing in the winter.
Drew sifted through the ruins, searching for survivors. He didn’t think there was much chance to find anyone in the smoldering debris, but knew he had to try. “Over here.” 
Jagger limped toward him. “What’d ya find?”
“Think this is what hit us,” Drew said.
She stepped daintily through the debris toward the impact crater. The smoldering hole stretched almost twenty feet across, though shallower than she expected. 
“Musta skipped in,” Drew said, “like a stone on a pond.” 
“Unless it just…drove in,” Jagger said.
The machine’s unorthodox configuration justified their confusion. A broken fork held a single wheel in place mid-chassis, protected by overlapping steel plates cradling the pilot’s open canopy. Something like a rudder rose from the tail section, though they didn’t see any wings attached to the fuselage. Smaller than a car, but bigger than a motorcycle, it defied easy categorization.
He’d never seen anything like it before. “What do ya think it is?” 
“Don’t know,” Jagger said. “Looks almost like some kinda bug or a hornet or something.” 
“Over here!” Deneese said. “Think I found the driver or the pilot or whatever.”
Analog dials and gears embedded into the ribbed outer shell suggested a deep-sea diving suit, though the hoses leading to the air tank meant it was self-contained. 
Drew checked for a parachute but didn’t see one. “No footprints. Musta been thrown from the crash.”
He followed the furrow plowed down Main Street to a second crater at the other end of town. “There’s another one.” 
The second craft was identical to the first, though remained intact after the crash despite sticking in the ground like a dart.
“Musta been a mid-air collision,” Drew said.
“Guess it could be some new kind of Air Force plane or something,” Jagger said.
“Why would the feds come after ya?” Deneese asked.
“Like I told ya, the Enzyme Seven research is valuable,” Jagger said, “Could be anybody.”
Drew was sure whoever hit them would check to make sure the job was finished. If he was right, they didn’t have much time. He slid down into the crater. “Looks like the other pilot’s pinned underneath.”
“Is he dead?” Jagger asked.
Drew’s eyes shifted from the pilot’s mangled body back to her. “Naw, I think maybe he crawled underneath the wreck to keep warm while he took a nap.”
Deneese laughed, Jagger didn’t. 
He dragged the pilot’s body out from beneath, surprised by how light it felt. 
“Careful,” Jagger warned, “He mighta been some kinda kamikaze.” 
Her implication gave him pause to continue. “What do ya mean?” 
“What if that stinger-thingy he was riding was meant for a one-way trip?” Jagger said, “Might go off at any time.”
Stinger was as good a description of the vehicle as any, though he didn’t buy the rest of her theory. 
“Got no choice,” Drew said. “Gotta get outta here before they come back to finish the job. This is the only ride we got.”
He grabbed the vehicle by the handlebars. The monocycle’s weight shifted toward his center of gravity, adjusting its weight to counterbalance his. Whatever it was made of didn’t feel like metal, though it didn’t feel like plastic either. 
Drew grabbed the handlebars and cranked the throttle. The Stinger lit up, neon strips hugging the machine’s curved contours glowing green, contrasted by red navigation lights strobing across the tail. 
Drew pushed the Stinger up and out of the crater. He checked for a kickstand, but the landing gear extended when the monocycle passed forty five degrees vertical, parking itself. But once the machine was out of the crater, he hesitated.
“What’s wrong?” Deneese said.
He flashed a queasy smile. “I don’t have my license.”
She didn’t know if he was joking or not. “I don’t think anybody’s gonna be pulling us over way out here.”
“I mean…I can’t drive,” Drew said. “I ain’t never rode a motorcycle or drove a car or nothing.”
“Don’t ya got a learner’s permit or something?” Deneese asked.
“I live in the city,” he said. “I take the bus or the train.” 
Jagger held her broken glasses up, disqualifying herself. “You’re the only one that can do this Easyrider.”
He didn’t know who Easyrider was but he climbed into the driver’s seat. The engine buzzed to life with a carnivorous roar as soon as his foot touched the pedal.
Deneese took a giant step back, Jagger took two.
“It’s okay,” he said, and held out his hand.
Deneese didn’t hesitate. She climbed aboard, straddling the frame and wrapping her arms around his waist.
Jagger crossed her arms. “Guess that particular model only comes as a two-seater.” 
He looked past her to the swirling dust cloud rising at the far end of Main Street. “Think those mercenaries you was waiting on are here.”
The convoy broke formation, seven or eight matte black Humvees charging toward them. The vehicles slowed but didn’t stop, deploying the soldiers around the ghost town’s perimeter before circling back to insure there was no way in or out.
“We gotta jet!” Drew said.
Jagger wasn’t convinced. “Take it easy, maybe I can explain all this.” 
Her argument would have been more persuasive if the Blue Berets weren’t already aiming their guns at them from across the street. 
Captain Bell stepped out from the lead Humvee and raised a megaphone to his mouth. “How’s this…Oh, I see…ATTENTION… YOU ARE TRESPASSING ON PRIVATE PROPERTY…”
“There’s no need to shoot if we surrender.” Jagger said.
“Unless they’re the ones that blew the joint up,” Drew said. 
“…I REPEAT, THIS IS PRIVATE PROPERTY. VIOLATERS WILL BE PROSECUTED…”
Drew thrust his hand out again. “Come on…we can scrunch up and squeeze you in!”
Jagger’s gaze shifted from Drew to the Blue Berets. “No offense, but that doesn’t look safe. I’m gonna take my chances with them. Hang on to the floppies…just in case.” 
“…THIS IS YOUR LAST WARNING.”
Jagger put her hands up and marched toward the mercenaries. 
“Come on,” Deneese begged.
Jagger made it across the street and they swarmed her. She was on the ground and cuffed before she could even open her mouth. 
“What are ya waiting for?” Deneese said. She reached past him and hit another button before he could stop her. 
The Stinger responded and the canopy closed, cocooning them inside the humming machine. 
“Get us outta here!” Deneese said.
Drew jabbed at the buttons but nothing happened. 
The Blue Berets shoved Jagger into the back of one of the Humvees before turning their attention to the Stinger.
“Any time!” Deneese said.
Heavy clouds rolled in over the ghost town, faster than any storm he’d ever seen. The deep dark sky deepened even further, covering them in inky shadow almost instantly. 
“What is that?” Drew asked. 
The crystalline lens appeared at the nexus of the churning clouds, a flattened sphere eclipsing the full moon. Ambient light flickered off its brilliant facets, increasing in frequency and intensity until it burned like a midnight sun.
Deneese grabbed the handlebars and hit the only button on the panel Drew hadn’t hit yet. “Try this one…”
The lens dilated, unleashing a cyclonic tunnel punching through the air toward them. 
Blue Berets tumbled past them like confetti, but inside the tunnel was eerily calm, like being in the eye of a pocket-sized hurricane.
Shafts of black light filtered through the tunnel, connecting with the antenna beneath the Stinger’s fork. An instant later, a wide gray strip extended from the antenna to the lens, completing the circuit.
Seeing the highway shooting up into the sky without any visible means of support numbed his senses. “What kinda bridge is…” 
“Get us outta here!” Deneese shrieked, and yanked the handlebars back herself.
***
They left the ghost town in their rear view mirror, passing through the first layer of clouds in seconds. Climbing the highway or whatever it was that fast should have killed them, but Drew didn’t feel any acceleration. 
This was impossible.
He knew no tire could spin so fast without burning up from the friction, but the tread held, the monocycle’s single wheel hugging the road despite their incredible velocity.
This was impossible.
Kaleidoscopic images blurred past him, gauzy snapshots of what happened and what he knew hadn’t happened yet, coming into focus for an instant before fading like phantoms. And he was part of the montage, there but not there, looking at himself from outside himself. 
This was also impossible.
Their ascent slowed as they approached the lens, higher up and much bigger than he’d estimated. The flat horizon curved before him, and he realized the distinction between possible and impossible didn’t mean as much in the air as it did on the ground.
“I can’t breathe!” he shouted, despite sucking in copious amounts of air, which meant the monocycle was pumping oxygen through the vents from outside or from its own supply.
The lens rotated around its axis and the highway coiled like a slow-motion whip. He waited for the gray strip to fracture from the torque, but remembered no conventional road could reach that high into the atmosphere, anyway. 
A sense of foreboding queasiness overcame him. “I don’t like where this is…”
The lens recoiled before he finished his sentence, snapping the road out and away from their position high above the ghost town. 
The Stinger paused for a split-second at the farthest point backward before zooming forward, following the curved highway across the far horizon. 
***
Seven-Fifty Five Apple Blossom Lane was an address inside the Apple Blossom Trailer Park near the Marina. The lots were tidy, manicured rectangles, doted over by the residing seniors who minded their own business. But seeing Molly’s BMW trolling through the narrow lanes in the middle of the afternoon triggered the colony’s alarms, sending wrinkled gray faces popping up over the hedges like Meerkats.
She pulled into the pebble driveway, parking beside an ancient brown and white Winnebago with a crumpled fender. She checked her lipstick in the rearview mirror, catching one of the busybodies in the reflection before they disappeared behind the hedge.
“Guess if they see their shadow, they gotta stay in their trailer for another six weeks,” she mused.
She buttoned her coat and popped her collar, tiptoeing up the icy sidewalk to the front door. A sign warning peddlers and solicitors to stay away gave her pause to continue, but she rang the trailer’s door bell, anyway.
Principal Hoyt eased the door open wearing pants pulled up so high they looked like they were only halfway done eating him. “Hello, Blondie.” 
“What happened?” she asked.
The foam neck brace forced him to turn his entire body toward the Winnebago in disgust. “Whiplash.” 
She could tell he wasn’t used to visitors by the way they stood in awkward silence before he finally invited her in.
“Love what you’ve done with the place,” she said. 
Bean bag chairs and green-shag carpeting restricted movement within the wood-paneled crypt, but she knew the kitschy treasures amassed within would help future archaeologists reconstruct the mythical epoch known as the Seventies.  
“You said something about Dick Frost on the phone,” he grunted. 
Molly sank between the cushions of the overstuffed couch. Peppermint oil perfumed the soft corduroy fabric, reminding her of visits to her grandmother’s house. “How much do you know about him?” 
“Not much,” Hoyt admitted. “But I didn’t hire him, the district did.” The truth was he’d been duped, like the rest of them. What was less obvious was how much the betrayal still stung. 
She handed him a folder from inside her bag. “You may know even less than you think.”
He scanned the document, shifting his eyes between the lines of his bifocals. “Looks like his resume.”
“It is, more or less,” Molly said. “I can’t blame you for not being suspicious. Annapolis graduate, doctorate in biology from Harvard, astronaut with over two hundred days logged in…”
“I can read…”
He’d kept the bristling crew-cut into retirement and the prickly attitude that went with it, but Molly continued. “I found out that Frost was at each of these schools for a brief time during the last few years.”
Hoyt waited for more. “So?”
“So each of these schools blew-up during the last few days.”
“Blew up? What does that mean?”
“Just what I said,” Molly explained. “Boom!”
“I don’t understand.”
“Neither do I,” Molly said. “I’m still piecing everything together.” 
“Was anybody hurt?” 
“Don’t know,” Molly said.
“What do you mean you don’t know?” he growled, “Why isn’t this all over the news?”
“Don’t know,” she admitted. “We’re relying on traffic camera footage we got from the internet.”
“Terrorists?”
She opened her laptop and showed him the Alabama footage. “Not sure. There’s some kind of media blackout being enforced. But these accidents seem to be following a pattern…”
“Everywhere Frost was,” Hoyt muttered.
CHAPTER 12
They took the Winnebago, because he insisted on driving. But turning the RV into traffic meant starting the turn well before coming to an intersection. 
Molly slid from one side of the seat to the other, bracing herself against the dashboard. “This thing come with lifejackets? In case we hit an iceberg or something?”
Old Man Hoyt cranked up the heat, freezing despite his wool top coat. “What I don’t get is what you think is gonna happen?” 
“Don’t know,” Molly said, “but those schools blowing-up like that…and all of them on Frost’s resume. Something is going on.”
Maybe she was right. Maybe she was digging for a story that wasn’t there. But after spending so many years at Bixby, his sense of duty remained even into retirement. 
Molly watched the red, yellow and green traffic lights reflected off the sleek asphalt. “Lotta traffic for this late in the rush hour.” 
He switched lanes and turned left on Cartwright Road. Bixby Elementary was dead ahead, but he dropped anchor well short.  
She leaned over to the driver’s side for a better look. “Who are those guys?”
“Sanitation department,” Hoyt said. “They like to schedule repairs during the Christmas and spring breaks.”
“Hmm…” 
“It’s an old building,” he said. “It was a constant battle just to keep it standing.”
Safety cones running the length of the block slowed traffic to a crawl, but something about the set-up felt set-up. Workers positioned throughout the school grounds watched them with unwarranted intensity. Their walkie-talkies crackled with chatter, triggering the foreman’s long, slow walk toward the Winnebago.
Molly’s stomach tightened in response to the tangible sense of foreboding settling on the scene. “They’re all standing around…Like they’re waiting for something to happen. Maybe we should get outta here.” 
The rangy foreman’s orange vest and yellow hardhat were standard issue, but his skin seemed pale for someone who worked outdoors and his proletarian flannel shirt looked brand new. 
“Think I know that guy,” Molly whispered.
“What?”
“Think he was on that footage I showed you,” she explained. “Think he’s one of those Blue Berets.”
Hoyt rolled down the window. “What’s the problem?”
The pointy-nosed foreman flashed a disarming grin before answering. “No need to be concerned…there’s a leak. There might be some dangerous gas build up, so we’re gonna check it out.”
Hoyt waved his expired teacher’s union card. “I’m headed out for vacation and I left my briefcase inside. Any chance I can get back in?”
The foreman didn’t hear him. Instead, he slid his tongue from cheek to cheek, looking Molly over like she was on the menu. 
“Any chance I can get back in?” 
“Sorry,” the foreman said. “This is for your own safety.”
Hoyt rolled the window up and put the RV into drive. 
“What now?” Molly asked. “Everything’s blocked off, we can’t get in.”
Hoyt turned right onto Wilson Avenue. “I know a back way in.” 
***
Molly didn’t believe the business about the leak, and the foreman’s incongruous appearance heightened her suspicions. Getting a first hand look was the only way to figure out what was really going on, and Principal Hoyt was just as eager as she was. 
Old Man Hoyt tapped at the dim light bulb inside the protective cage attached to the tunnel ceiling. “Lights are out.”
“They must have cut the power off up top,” Molly decided.
Hoyt flicked his lighter open, enveloping them both in its protective halo. He sloshed through the pitch black sewer, dragging his leg behind him. “These passages run for miles but I know my way around.”
Molly followed, breathing through her mouth to avoid the stench and timing her sentences accordingly. “How often did you have to come down here?”
“Not that much,” he said, “any time there was a heavy rain or any kind of flooding. And then back when all this Crypto-Punk nonsense started.”
He should have gone down more often. If he had, Harley, Donovan and Ramone might still be...He couldn’t help them, but he could stop what happened at Bixby from happening anywhere else. 
His pace quickened.
Molly fought to keep her balance while tiptoeing through the sludge. She’d already ruined her best sneakers and felt her pant cuffs getting heavy with the malodorous gunk coating the tunnel’s sides. “What is that?” 
“What’s what?” Hoyt asked.
She aimed her cell phone at the graffiti and snapped a picture. “That…on the wall. That smiley face keeps showing up.”
“Graffiti…It’s everywhere.” 
She pointed to the word painted across it. “Not like this.” 
“Rise? What’s that mean?”
“It was on the footage I showed you,” she said.
 “So?”
“I didn’t think much of it at the time, because you see it all over…the smiley-face, anyway.”
“Yeah, all over,” he agreed. 
“But seeing ‘Rise’ written over the smiley-face again seems really…strange somehow,” she said, though she wasn’t sure that’s what she meant.
He didn’t see the significance. “It’s just…”
“Wait…did you hear that?” Molly asked.
He strained his ears to listen. “Rats?”
Hoyt started forward again but Molly grabbed him by the arm. 
“We’re not alone,” she whispered.
The tunnel forked ahead. Hoyt knew one branch opened up beneath the school’s antiquated bomb shelter, but wasn’t sure where the other one led.
Molly sensed the shadow creeping across the tunnel’s sides before she saw it, a blurry silhouette growing larger with each step through the mire. “There…”
“Could be that foreman we ran into up top,” Hoyt whispered. “Could be he followed us down.”
“Or it could be something else,” Molly said. 
“Like what?”
She threw her arms up in exasperation. “Zombie goldfish…mutant alligators…romantically disfigured opera singers.” 
“You’ve got a hell of an imagination, blondie.” 
“You know what kind of experiments Frost was running in the bomb shelter,” she said, “who knows what didn’t make the grade and got flushed down the toilet.”
He didn’t buy her theory, but someone else was down there with them. “Nowhere to hide in here and we’re too far from where we climbed down to make a break for it.”
“Wait…”
Hoyt paused. “What?”
“That’s a different shadow than the one I saw before,” Molly said.
Hoyt looked for himself, but didn’t see the difference. “You’re imagining things.”
“There’s more than one of ‘em down here,” she insisted. “Maybe some kind of pack.”
The shadow grew longer and the sloshing got louder, heavy steps following a syncopated rhythm steady as a metronome. 
Molly snapped a pic with her phone. “Oh my God! They’re hunting us!”
“Don’t panic!” he said, but it was his heart pounding like a drum.
He grabbed her by the hand and dragged her toward the bomb shelter’s hatch. “This way.” 
Their pursuer made the same turn they did, a single eye glowing red in the darkness getting bigger with each stride toward them.
“Hurry!” she said.
Hoyt climbed the ladder and gave the hatch a turn.
“What’s wrong?” Molly asked.
“Stuck,” he grunted. 
Red Eye sloshed through the muck, closing the gap between them.
“Put your back into it!” Molly snapped. 
He spit into his hands, rubbing them back and forth before grabbing the hatch for another try.  
“Hurry!” Molly begged.
He strained so hard he thought his truss would explode, but the hatch relented. He popped the lid and climbed up through the opening. 
Red Eye got closer…
Molly put her foot on the ladder’s first rung, but her gunk-coated sneaker slipped. 
Hoyt reached down to pull her up but his arm wasn’t long enough. “Come on…”
Red Eye got closer…
She started up the rungs again, getting the traction she needed the second time. 
“Stretch!” Hoyt shouted.
She was close enough to touch his fingertips when she felt a tug on her ankle.
“Don’t let go!” she screamed. 
He let go.
She hit every rung on the way down before splashing into the gunk.
Red Eye’s shadow stretched across the tunnel’s sides. 
She scooted backward, afraid on some primal level that if the creeping darkness enveloped her, she’d disappear for good. 
Molly grabbed for anything she could use as a weapon but a mossy stick was the best she could do. “Stay back!” 
Ivan switched his camera off and the red power light faded. He reached out his hand to help her up. “Looks like I’m working the same story as you.”
***
They sliced through the hallucinogenic imagery dissolving into a colorful smear around them. Drew tried not to stare, certain he’d drive himself insane. Instead, he tightened his grip and kept his eyes forward, peering through the blister emanating from the Stinger’s nosecone, a window cutting through the distortion that let him keep his eyes on the road. 
“We’ll be alright long as we don’t run outta straightaway!” Deneese said. 
Drew’s focus shifted from the view through the blister to the view through the tunnel and back again. The highway ahead appeared straight and true through the window while the same stretch branched and forked at impossible angles when seen through the distortion. 
Not being able to reconcile their trajectory with what he saw terrified him.  He unfolded his fingers to squeeze the brake lever when the monocycle came to an immediate and abrupt stop all by itself. 
“Do you hear it?” she asked.
Hear it? There was no way to ignore it. The eerie notes filtered through the Stinger’s audio system, the same alien score haunting his dreams. 
The highway telescoped back toward the Stinger, collapsing into the antenna beneath the monocycle’s fork. 
“Where are we?” she asked.
It took him a second to clear his head, but there was no mistaking the crumbling brick cathedral he’d spent so many days at. The highway parked them in the empty teacher’s lot, leaving the Stinger idling in the shadow of the school’s water tower. 
She spelled out the letters on the tower. “Where’s Bixby?”
“Ohio,” Drew said.
“Ohio’s a long way from New Mexico.”
“If we’re movin’ like normal,” he agreed, “but we ain’t movin’ like normal.”
“What do ya mean?” 
“You saw all those ghosts flying around all at once?”
“Those ghosts were us,” she said, “at least they looked like us.”
“But they…we were places I been and other places I never been before,” he said. “Know what I’m sayin’?”
“Maybe we ain’t movin’ forward…”
“Maybe we ain’t movin’ at all,” he said
“What?”
“Maybe all those places are all the places we can ever be,” he said, “the Stinger just picks the place it needs to be and don’t worry about the when.”
He wasn’t sure what he’d said was what he’d meant, but he’d come as close as his vocabulary allowed him.
The Stinger’s nosecone dilated, extending a thorny stylus glowing at the tip from within the cavity. 
The song’s volume increased in response.
He scanned the control panel for some kind of volume knob but wasn’t even sure the sound was coming from inside.
“What are ya doing?” she shouted.
The monocycle spun ninety degrees on its center axis, aiming itself at the school.
“Ain’t doing nothing!” he insisted. “Doing it all by itself!” 
The song died. 
“What’d you touch?” she whispered.
The stylus fired with a pneumatic whoosh before either of them could react. The refractive ring cut through the air in slow-motion headed for the school. 
“Oh no,” Drew muttered, but by then it was already too late.
***
“Police arrived at the residence in the forty-four hundred block of Goodale Avenue to find the house in flames. Still missing is Susan Wolfeschlegelsteinhausenbergerkraft, age…”
Lazy-Eye Susan switched the radio off. “Something ‘bout hearing my own obituary sets my teeth on edge.”
Clementine peeked out from beneath her blanket, her eyelids still heavy from sleep. She slid the navigator’s chair up to the command console and stretched. “We there yet?”
Susan balanced her steaming mug with one hand while keeping the other on the pilot’s yoke. “Good morning, sunshine. You’re just in time.”
“In time for what?”
Susan turned toward the Moonclipper’s starboard window. “To see the sunshine.” 
The morning sun broke across the rugged Southwestern scenery, buttery light chasing purple shadows back into their crevices. Clementine pressed her face against the glass and felt the radiant warmth against her cheek.
“Beautiful, hain’t it?” Susan said. 
Clementine basked in the ambient light’s glory a little while longer before responding. “Where we at?” 
Susan unfolded her gas station map to check their position. “Just crossed into Utah.” 
Grady cracked the cockpit door. “Any chance we can stop for some burgers or something?”
Susan glanced at him from the corner of her eye. “What are you wearing?” 
Grady was about Ronco’s size and though the lapels were wider in the seventies, the tux fit like it was tailored. “What do ya think?” 
“You can go undercover if we have to rescue Drew from somebody’s prom,” Clementine said.
“Dude, I kinda like it,” he said. “Makes me feel like a secret agent or something.” 
Susan raised her mug in salute. “Looks better on you than it did on Ronco. May he rest in peace.” 
“Kinda itchy, though.” He reached up his sleeve to scratch but a deck of cards fell out.
“Looks like the tricks are built into the suit,” Clementine said.
Susan unbuckled her seatbelt. “All Ronco’s tricks was.”
“What are ya doing?” Clementine asked.
“Take the yoke,” Susan said.
“But I don’t know how to fly!” Clementine protested.
“Well, neither do I,” Susan revealed, “this thing kinda flies itself.”
Clementine slid into the pilot’s seat and grabbed the yoke with uncertain hands.
Grady jumped into the vacant navigator’s seat next to her. “Looks like I been promoted.”
***
Susan felt the arctic wind blasting through the cabin when she opened the cockpit door. They’d fit the Umbraprojector into the bomb bay, but gaps on all sides let in enough air to lower the temperature to almost freezing.
She tiptoed past Newton’s sleeping bag but he wasn’t sleeping. Instead, she found him hunched over his laptop. 
“Didn’t ya get any sleep?” she asked.
He tapped the bucket beside him. “Kept getting airsick.” 
“Wish ya woulda told me,” she said. “Woulda tried harder to keep her level.”
“That’s alright,” he said. “I kept busy,”
“Doing what?”
“Gathering intel on the Botkins.”
“What kind of intel?” she asked.
“Ain’t much out there,” he admitted. “But at least I figured out what language they speak.”
“Morse code?”
Her quick and ready answer left him deflated. “Yeah…How’d ya know?”
“Guessed,” she said.
“Anyway, I’m just brushing up…Just in case we need to...”
“You know Morse code?”
“A little…”
“Where’d ya pick up Morse code in this day and age?” she asked.
“Computer camp,” he said. “They didn’t assign it or anything, just got bored and started messing around with it on my own.”
 “Seems your full of all kinds of useless information,” she said. “What else don’t I know about you?”
“The snap on my Nike Pro Combat Loin Guard broke and I can’t get out.” 
“Guess that turns your loin guard into a chastity belt,” she said, “though I reckon we all saw that coming.” 
Spider finished his sandwich and opened the hatch built into the deck.
“You been putting your trash inside there this whole time?” Susan asked.
“Yeah…”
“Ya know what’s down there?” she asked. 
“No…”
 “The bladder tanks,” she said.
Spider swallowed the last of his sandwich. “What’s that mean?”
“That’s where they keep the helium,” Susan said.
“Oh…Maybe we should move one of the trunks over it so that door don’t open by accident,” Spider said.
She didn’t think that could happen, but helped him slide the trunk over the hatch, anyway. 
“We still on course?” Spider asked.
She pressed her face against the Umbraprojector’s periscope. “I’ll let ya know directly.” 
The machine’s focused beam traced Drew’s yesterday shadow across the two-lane interstate, the disembodied silhouette following the road’s curves and undulations in perfect synchronization. 
She leaned back and puffed out her chest, satisfied she’d convinced them of the gadget’s effectiveness. “Almost like goin’ to a drive-in, hain’t it?”
“What’s a drive-in?” Spider asked.
“Never mind,” Susan said. “Not sure there anymore of ‘em left, anyhow.”
Spider resumed his watch, taking charge of the periscope again. “Yeah. Yeah, guess you were right about the machine. But where those other shadows coming from?”
***
The black choppers appeared at six o’clock, closing the distance in no time. They zoomed past the Moonclipper with ease, wobbling the airship in their wake. 
Grady reached across Clementine’s lap to steady the yoke. “Dude, keep her level!”
The cockpit door flew open and Clementine could tell by the look on Lazy-Eye Susan’s face they were in trouble. She tried to let Susan into the captain’s chair, but was countermanded. 
“Your reflexes are a damn sight better than mine,” Susan explained, “And y’all been playin’ video games for a lot longer than me. Time to cash in on them skills.”
The lead chopper buzzed them again, close enough to force Clementine to pull hard to port. “What do I do?” 
Grady couldn’t believe what he was hearing. “Dude, ya pull over!” 
Clementine shot him a look but Grady didn’t back down. “Ya flunked driver’s ed! You crashed into a ship, a ship on dry land!”
The ship wasn’t a ship but a parade float decorated like a Spanish Galleon. The float’s parking break came loose and the ship hit her, but she didn’t have time to argue the case on a technicality.
She grabbed the yoke and pushed down, sending the airship into a steep dive. 
“Where we goin’?” Grady shrieked.
“Down there!” Clementine answered. “We’re gonna have a hard time against the choppers in the open!”
Grady waited for Susan to lead the mutiny, but she backed Clementine all the way.
“Her instincts are right,” Susan said, “our best bet is playin’ hide in seek in the canyon.”
Grady swallowed hard. One look at the narrow gap and he knew they’d never fit. “Pull up!”
“Shut-up and keep navigating,” Clementine ordered.
“Go up! Not down!” Grady yelled. “We ain’t gonna make it!”
But she slipped the Moonclipper into the rift, and the choppers fell in behind them.
Grady closed his eyes but was more afraid of not seeing what they were going to crash into. Orange sandstone walls whizzed by, and the slightest twitch would end their trip before the choppers could.
“Got an idea!” he said. He grabbed hold of the navigator’s yoke and unlocked the red trigger button. The contoured controls felt solid and substantial, not like the Xbox controllers he was always breaking. 
“What are ya doing?” Clementine shouted. 
“Trust me,” he said, and squeezed the trigger.
The airship’s pod ignited, spitting tendrils of blue electricity forward. Crackling current scorched the passing rock face, scouring their windshield in a wash of sand and pebbles. 
 “Where are the wipers?” Clementine shouted.
The debris coalesced into a cloud behind them, choking the lead chopper’s air intake. His rotor sputtered and the helicopter peeled off.
“Got ‘em!” Grady said.
Susan tamped down their excitement. “Nice work, but they won’t fall for the same trick twice!” 
***
Newton picked himself up off the tilting deck. “What’s goin’ on up there?” 
Susan staggered past him and pulled Spider away from the periscope. “Help me turn this gizmo around.”
Newton undid the Umbraprojector’s straps while Spider held the guide rope. 
Susan spun the machine’s gimbal around and jammed her face against the viewfinder. “Time raise the dead!”
Spider strained to keep the guide rope taught. “What dead?” 
“A little to the left,” Susan said. “A little more…too far…back.”
“This thing is getting heavy!” Spider shouted.
“Got it!” she said, and pulled clear of the Umbraprojector.
Spider eased the machine into the opening and let go of the rope. “What dead?”
She pointed out the controls built into the machine’s base. 
Newton read the labels beneath the buttons. “Rewind, play, forward, pause, and stop. Like a VCR.”
“Ya forgot one,” she said.
The lettering on the last button was worn away, making it harder to read than the others. 
“Reverse. How’s that different from rewind?” Spider asked.
Susan balanced herself against the bulkhead to counter the airship’s sudden pitch. “What’s the opposite of shadow?”
“Light?” Spider said.
And then Newton figured it out. “All those snapshots caught Drew’s shadow…but we grabbed the light casting his shadow, too.” 
His explanation only confused Spider more. “So?” 
“Light bounces off something and your eye catches the rays,” Newton said. “Focuses ‘em on your retina like a lens…” 
Spider nodded. “Yeah…”
“The retina changes the light into information your brain can read,” Newton said. “The photos have all the information we need to project Drew’s image right into their cockpits, or whatever.”
And then it clicked for Spider. “They’re about to see a ghost.” 
“Couldn’t have said it better myself,” Susan said. She aimed the lens at the chopper’s windshield and flipped the switch. 
***
They couldn’t see the apparitions materializing inside the chopper’s cockpit, but they could pinpoint the exact moment the pilot did. 
The chopper pitched and yawed, manically buzzing back and forth inside the narrow canyon until scraping rock. 
Black smoke flowed from the jagged wound, finally forcing the disoriented pilot to veer off for good.
Clementine leveled them off. She checked from side to side but didn’t see any more choppers. “Is that it?” 
Grady double-checked but didn’t see anything either. “Dude, there all gone.”
Clementine gave him her told-ya-so face and eased back on the yoke.
Newton was first through the cockpit door, Spider right behind him, exchanging high-fives with pilot and navigator. Even Lazy-Eye Susan offered her congratulations on a job well done, but turbulence cut their celebration short.
“What is that?” Clementine asked.
Malevolent black clouds appeared in a line across the opposite horizon, bleeding through the sky like ink. 
“Storm?” Grady said.
Static danced through the billowy puffs, charging each particle with current. The clouds flashed, parted by a luminous rift stabbing through the heart of the swirling vapor. 
“Don’t look like no storm I ever seen,” Susan muttered.
Ozone saturated the air inside the cabin and Clementine felt the hairs on her arms rise. “What the…”
Jagged purple lightning forked toward them, carving the sky into halves.
Clementine mashed her feet against the pedals but they didn’t stop, they spun toward the lightning instead.
Susan climbed past Clementine to get to the controls. She yanked the thrust levers all the way down but the gray highway arced across their bow faster than she thought possible. 
Grady caught a glimpse of the metallic blur hugging the road between blinks, jetting past them fast enough to leave a ghostly green trail in its wake. “Monocycle!”
Clementine jerked the yoke to port but wasn’t quick enough. The airship’s left rear rotor scraped the curved gray strip, sending them spiraling out of control. 
Susan got to her feet in time to see the orange mesa zooming toward them. “Hang on to your hats! We’re gonna crash!”
But they were already upside down by then and knew as much.
CHAPTER 13
Molly would have dismissed the headlights in the side view mirror as routine the day before, but now she tensed in anticipation. She waited for the car to pass the Winnebago before slumping back into her seat. 
Old Man Hoyt shot her a disapproving scowl from behind the wheel. “Don’t be so antsy.” 
“Can’t help it,” she said. “If it wasn’t for the school’s bedrock foundation to protect us from the blast…I don’t even wanna think about it.”
“Then don’t.”
“Can’t help it,” she said. 
Neither could he. He’d spent the majority of his adult life roaming Bixby’s halls and seeing it reduced to cinders around him wasn’t something he’d forgive or forget. 
Molly wiped the condensation from the window. “We gotta be close…” 
“We are,” Hoyt said.
“How close?”
“Close,” he said.
“You sure you’re reading that thing right?” 
Hoyt patted the scanner mounted below the CB. “After your boyfriend…”
Molly raised her hand to cut him off. “No--Not my boyfriend.”
“Sorry,” Hoyt said, “anyway, after he pinpointed the song’s frequency, tracking the broadcast source was no problem.” 
They passed the sign marking the Colorado-Utah border. They’d put 1720 miles between them and Ohio, and the gray interstate kept coming at them in long, sloping stretches, breaking like waves before rising up again. 
Molly cracked the window and let the cool air in, bringing the smell of rain with it. “I remember coming out here on vacation when I was a kid.”
He tapped his buzzing hearing aid. “What?”
“Vacation,” Molly said, a little louder this time. “We went to the Grand Canyon one summer. Then when I was in college I came out here for skiing. You ski?”
“No…Used to hunt.”
“Skiers?”
“Only when they’re in season,” he said.
She broke into a fond smile. “My dad used to hunt ducks.” 
“Used to love to go out in the duck blind early in the morning,” Hoyt said. “If you got out early enough, you’d catch the sun rising over the hills and you’d see the shadows growing across the lake. It was like pinpointing the exact moment when God flipped on the light switch.”
Hearing him describe the sunrise reminded her of her dad—without the stream of profanities and racial epitaphs. 
She turned up the scanner and listened to the voices fade into each other. “It’s strangely beautiful…”
“If you say so,” Hoyt mumbled. “Won’t be easy to dance to.”
She laughed. “No, it won’t be.”
“Can I ask you a question?”
“You just did,” she said.
“Then here’s another one,” Hoyt said. “What do you think you’re gonna find when we get to the end of the rainbow?”
“I don’t know,” Molly said. “But that song was playing before both the Alabama and Texas sites were hit. And I’ll bet it was playing at Bixby right before the walls came down.”
“Everywhere Dick Frost was,” he muttered. “But who ya suppose is behind all this?”
She didn’t know, but that didn’t stop her from answering. “Terrorists?” 
“Why do terrorists blow something up?” 
“For attention?” she said.
He agreed. “Terrorists blow something up for attention. But what’s the point of blowing up a school? Except for Bixby, they’ve been in small, out of the way places and empty--knock on wood.”
“Then what?”
“If the targets aren’t political, then they have to be tactical.” 
“So what do we know?” she said. “Someone’s targeting schools. What do the schools have in common?”
“Dick Frost.”
“Right, but he’s MIA,” she said.
“But they’d have to know that.”
She conceded the point. “But then what else ties the schools together?”
 “Enzyme Seven.”
She considered the implications of what he was suggesting. “You think he ran his little experiment at those other schools?”
“Dick Frost took calculated risks,” Hoyt said, “And I’d bet he spread his risk to minimize his losses.” 
“Then they’re not tracking him,” she said, “They’re tracking Enzyme Seven. Someone is wiping away any trace of Project Chimera.” 
The scanner signal faded and for a second Hoyt thought he’d blown a fuse. “Just had this thing serviced.”
“Get it back!” Molly said.
Hoyt fiddled with the dials but the signal faded in and out. 
“Get it back!” 
“What the hell you think I’m trying to do?” He tried a while longer, but the signal was gone. 
“Now what?” 
“Relax!” he said. “We got the source pinpointed.”
She took a moment to compose herself. “Sorry, just kinda…”
“Forget it,” he said.
The commotion roused Ivan from his sleep. He stumbled into the cab, stretching and yawning. “How much further?”
Molly stifled her laugh. “What is that, hamster or guinea pig?” 
The fur parka was the warmest coat he had. “Gets cold in the desert at night. Plus, this coat has practical advantages. If I have to, I can just blend into the scenery like a bear or something.”
“You look like a toilet seat lid cover,” Molly said. “The only place you’d blend in is in my Aunt Carol’s bathroom.”
They crested yet another hill before the interstate sloped into a shallow valley. 
Hoyt pulled over to the side of the road and parked. “Signal says that way.” 
Tire tracks winding through the scrub brush disappeared into the foreboding flats, beckoning them forward into the ominous scenery.
“Last chance to turn back,” Hoyt said.
“We came this far,” Molly said.
Hoyt shifted into drive. Going off-road made for a bumpy ride but the scanner’s insistent beeping meant they were headed the right way. 
They drove in silence for a few miles before Molly grabbed her phone and hit record. “The rugged scenery seems strangely foreboding in the dark, gloomed by the lonely blue foothills in the distance. The closer we…”  
“The brakes!” Ivan shouted.
Hoyt pushed Ivan’s groping hands away from the steering wheel. 
“Hit the brakes!” Ivan shouted.
Hoyt mashed the pedal.
The brakes locked and the Winnebago fishtailed.
They slammed forward before whiplashing backward again.
The RV stopped and nobody moved, nobody said anything for a few seconds.
“Everyone alright?” Hoyt whispered.
Molly’s eyes shrank back to normal. “Fine.” 
“Back-up,” Ivan said. 
Hoyt shifted into reverse and eased the Winnebago back from the edge of the cliff.
***
Ivan grabbed his camera, crawling as close to the edge as he dared, and panned across the valley below.  
“Sandcastle City,” Molly announced. “Like the album cover.”
They’d excavated the ruins out from the valley’s center, exposing an enigmatic alien cathedral the size of a city block. Black water flowing through connecting channels reflected the high desert moon, adding an ethereal blue glow to the pale sand smoothed into arches, spires, and vaults.
The Old Man stuck his head over the edge, straining to make out the details. “I remember reading something about this in National Geographic. They dug it up back in the Twenties. They called it the American Atlantis.”
“How come I never heard of this place before?” Molly asked.
“Some tribe sued to stop the dig,” Hoyt said. “They got tied up in court or something. Think a dust storm buried everything again in the Thirties.”
“Who built it?” Molly asked.
“Indians, Egyptians, or Mayans,” he said. “The eggheads couldn’t agree. I think maybe that’s why they didn’t bother digging it back up again.”
The architecture didn’t fit the profiles of any of the cultures he’d listed, but Molly wasn’t there to play archeologist. “Let’s get one in the can.” 
She stood at the edge of the cliff, waiting for Ivan to set-up his shot while the Old Man watched the proceedings over his shoulder. 
Ivan counted down from 3…2…1…
“We approached the outskirts of the Sandcastle City,” Molly said, “an oasis in the midst of the pristine wilderness that...”
Ivan lowered the camera. “Cut. What does pristine mean?”
“Virginal or unspoiled,” Hoyt said.
Molly stuck her hand on her hip. “Too highbrow?”
“Try virginal,” Ivan said, “everybody knows what virginal means.”
“Some for longer than others,” Molly muttered. 
“And for others, not nearly long enough,” Ivan said.
Hoyt listened to them go back and forth a few more rounds sitcom-style. “You sure you two ain’t together?” 
Molly turned to answer but the focused red dot painted across his forehead silenced her.
“What is it?” Hoyt said. “Do I have something on my face?”
The knee in the small of her back flattened her like a starfish before she could answer.  
She managed to lift her head just high enough out of the dirt to get a look at their captors.
Captain Bell flipped his night vision goggles up and flashed a broad smile. He took a puff from his cigar and blew the smoke in her face. “Do you know who we are?”
“Blueberry Security,” Molly said.
Bell’s smile withered. “Blue Beret…Damn it Ray, we gotta do something about the hats!”    
***
The incoming chopper blasted sand and grit in every direction, forcing Captain Bell to halt their march into Sandcastle City until the rotors whirred to a stop.
Jump-suited technicians unloaded the waiting chopper, giving Molly a glimpse of the glass pods and the occupants within. Their uniform muscularity and striated skin didn’t resemble the Cryptos she remembered. These specimens seemed embryonic by comparison. Seeing them up close left her feeling more pity than revulsion. 
“What are they?” Molly asked.
Her unexpected presence distracted the greasy-haired tech backing the forklift down the ramp. He smiled, his dull eyes sparking to life just as his right rear tire slipped off the ramp’s edge.
Molly winced in anticipation but the forklift didn’t tip over. The machine pitched 45 degrees, scraping the glass pod it carried against the concrete landing pad before dumping the tech from the driver’s seat.
Everyone turned toward the screeching sound, everyone but the man in the pinstripe suit. He signed off on the load before handing the clipboard back to the chopper pilot. 
“What did you do before you worked security?” the suit asked.
“Something familiar about that voice,” Hoyt whispered.
The nervous tech stepped away from the forklift. “Worked fast food and...”
“Where?”
The tech looked to his colleagues for a life-raft but they avoided his gaze, knowing what was coming next. “Uh...Places like Denny’s and other...”
“Love Denny’s. Know what I get when I go? Eggs over my hammy,” the suit said. “But sometimes I get an omelet. What’d you do when ya worked there?”
“Uh…Worked the grill.”
“So you can handle a spatula,” the suit said.
“Yeah.”
“And you worked with eggs before,” the suit said. “I mean, that’s a given, right?”
 “Yeah.
 “Does that pod look like an egg?” 
The tech looked at the pod and then back at the suit. “Not sure I…”
“Does that look like an egg?” the suit shouted.
The tech wiped the sweat beading across his forehead. “Kinda.”
The suit lowered his volume. “Ya know, it kinda does. But it’s bigger than an egg, right?”
“Right, yeah...”
“But unless some brontosaurus laid this sucker, it ain’t no egg,” the suit said. “And because you’re not working at Denny’s, you’re not making an omelet.”
“I guess.”
“And if you’re not making an omelet, you don’t need to crack any eggs to do your job.”
“Right.”
“Then be careful with the pods,” the suit said.
He’d upgraded his wardrobe since last they met, but Old Man Hoyt recognized the pudgy silhouette and grating voice even before he turned around. 
“Camaro,” Hoyt said.
The Doctor’s subdued reaction to their appearance worried Hoyt. He didn’t seem surprised to see him there, but why wasn’t he surprised?
“Cut yourself shaving?” Hoyt asked.
Camaro stroked his heavily bandaged ear. “Something like that.”
“What are they?” Molly said. 
Camaro acknowledged her with a grin that came off more rye than wry, especially with the seeds from the sandwich he’d had for lunch still stuck between his yellowing teeth. “Clones.”
“Whose clones?” Molly asked.
“Their DNA is chimerical…”
“Chimerical?” Molly repeated.
“Combining multiple strains into a hybrid,” Camaro said.
“Human?” she said.
“Not anymore,” Camaro said. 
“Then what?” Molly said.
“We call them Jamphibians,” he said. “Though I’m not sure who came up with the name.”
Camaro led them past dueling sphinxes, their ambiguous features as enigmatic as the surrounding architecture. They guarded a narrow rift that widened into a natural amphitheater, six terraced rings surrounding a central stage. Speakers stacked liked blocks formed an impenetrable three story wall curving around the stage, closing the rift at the narrowest point. 
Molly recognized the audience’s masks from the Smiley-Face Witch’s album. But unlike the models on the cover, these girls were fully clothed. “Who are the groupies?”
“Acolytes,” Camaro said, before excusing himself to whisper something to Bell.
Ivan traced the bundled strands of wire leading from the patchwork tower tilting quixotically atop the stage’s highest level. “That’s not an antenna.” 
“That’s a transformer,” Hoyt said.
“Think you’re right,” Ivan said. “But if they’re not broadcasting…”
“Who is?” Hoyt asked.
The lights dimmed and the symphonic overture swelled. Camaro showed them to their seats. “We’ll have to wait until they finish the rehearsal.”
Molly recognized the prelude after just a few notes. “The Zero Album.” 
The masked Narrator entered on cue from stage left, swimming in swathes of flowing black velvet. The stage spanned multiple levels, each platform dressed for a different scene and lit by a single spot. The clever design let them change scenes by turning the light on and off as required.
Ivan raised his lighter and waved it back and forth when Camaro’s back was turned. 
Molly pulled his hand down before the Doctor saw him. “Not funny.”
The first spotlight switched on, shining down on a stylized island acropolis amidst a sea of painted waves hand-cranked off-stage. 
“That supposed to be Atlantis or something?” Molly asked, but Camaro hushed her before she got an answer.
A solitary star appeared above the stage glowing by the radiance of the Christmas bulbs strung tight around it. The star orbited the stage before crashing into the painted sea with a burst of flash powder.
The smoke disguised the shift in focus to an antediluvian laboratory, where a hunchbacked alchemist studied the fallen star among the potions and elixirs within. 
“Looks kinda like Grimsby,” Ivan said.
Molly agreed. “Except for the boobs.”
Though the robed character was meant to be a man, the performer was not. The hunchback waited until the Narrator finished and unleashed another blast of flash powder. 
Hoyt coughed. “Saw less fireworks back in ‘Nam.” 
“You were in ‘Nam?” Ivan asked.
“Last year on vacation. Took a tour of a Vietnamese fireworks factory,” Hoyt said.
The music rose dramatically, and a chorus line of Hoplite warriors kick-stepped up the twisting steps leading into the laboratory. 
They passed in front of the star before disappearing behind a translucent screen, their silhouettes transforming into monstrous profiles.
The spotlights shifted and the island acropolis returned. A Paper-Mache rocketship rode a zagzigging ultraviolet rainbow across the stage until coming to a stop above the city. 
Molly and Ivan exchanged glances, but neither said a word. They didn’t have to. They’d seen the same phenomenon in the YouTube clips and knew what happened next.
“Three…two…one, and boom!” Molly said.
Sparks blasted from the rocketship’s nose for a few seconds until smoke engulfed the buildings and the island disappeared beneath the waves.
The curtain drew and Camaro offered his polite applause. He excused himself and climbed down the steps to the orchestra pit. 
“Looks like we’re gonna get an audience with her majesty,” Hoyt grumbled.
Camaro led the Narrator up the stairs, backed by the members of her band, eight in all. “I am daughter of the moon and sister to the stars, and I have walked the earth since…”
“Nancy,” Camaro said, “her name is Nancy.”
***
The tent was bigger on the inside than it was on the outside, but Molly decided the illusion was a symptom of getting her head slammed to the ground earlier. Patchouli candles provided the only light, their earthy musk captured in the folds of the billowing fabric.
They’d separated her from the others, so Molly expected some kind of good witch/bad witch routine, but her hostess came alone. The chair on the other side of the table was empty, but Nancy preferred to stand. “Now tell me, dear, why are you here?” 
Molly picked through the silver tray in front of her, but decided against having any of the chocolate. “I’m doing background research for a story I’m working on.”
“A false prophet come to bear false witness,” Nancy said.
“I’m doing a story about…” 
“Deceiver,” Nancy said, “Come to mock the…”
“I’m doing a story about the band…”
Nancy’s face brightened. “The band?” 
“The Smiley-Face Witches,” Molly said. “I heard some kids listening to one of the albums at the…”
“You heard one of our albums?”
“The Zero Album,” Molly said. 
“And?”
“Never heard anything like it,” Molly said, and she meant it, though maybe not in the way Nancy took it.
Her hostess eased into the empty chair, helping herself to some chocolate. “I played keyboards.”
“Piano or synthesizer?”
Nancy smiled. “Both. Of course, Gulliver did have his favorites. He cut most of my best riffs out when he mixed the album.”
“Maybe ya shoulda gone solo.”
“I did,” Nancy said, “For a while, anyway. But the industry changed. Music these days doesn’t have the same…the same…”
“Integrity?”
“Integrity,” Nancy agreed. “It’s all auto-tune and booty shakin’ harlots these days.”
 “You’re preaching to the choir,” Molly said. “But it’s gotta be tough making a living on nothing but integrity.” 
“Harder than you think,” Nancy said, “but Gulliver’s dream lives on.”
 Molly leaned back in her chair and parted the tent flaps to let the light in. “I suppose we all need something to believe in. What about them? They true believers?”
Nancy considered the Acolytes loitering around the amphitheater. “There’s some wheat sprinkled in among the chaff, I suppose. Most of them are here for the college credit.” 
“Interns?”
“Interns,” Nancy said.
“What about you? You a true believer?”
Nancy gave her a cynical grin. 
“But aren’t you afraid?”
Nancy’s smile faded. “Afraid of what?”
Molly studied Nancy’s face for any trace of irony but found none. “Whoever’s been blowing up the schools?”
“What schools?” 
“Oh yeah,” Molly said, “Somebody’s been blowing up anything, blowing up anyone contaminated by your…sacrament. Like in your play…” 
“Opera,” Nancy said.
“Yeah, like in your opera, when the angels…”
“Pilots…”
“Yeah, like when the Pilots come down and wipe out the city,” Molly explained. “And all because of this.”
“A candy bar?”
Molly waved the empty wrapper back and forth. “EZ8.”
“Lots of schools sell those kinda candy bars this time of year,” Nancy said.
“Think maybe you cornered the market on EZ8,” Molly said, “but you’re sitting on a powder keg about to…”
“It’s just a candy bar,” Nancy said.
“But this candy bar put Mr. Peck in a coma.” 
“Who’s Mr. Peck?”
“One of my old teachers,” Molly said.
Nancy feigned surprise, though not very well. “He’s allergic to chocolate?”
“He’s allergic to this chocolate.” 
“That sounds like a rare condition,” Nancy said.
“More common than you think,” Molly said, “There’s an entire ward over at Mercy General.” 
She held her cell phone up so Nancy could see the screen. “Can’t get reception out here but I can show you what I got saved to memory.” 
She clicked through the pictures Clementine took inside the hospital. “I got my intern working this story from the inside. She’s just a ninth grader, but like her friends, she’s got a real nose for trouble.” 
“A candy bar wrapper is hardly a smoking gun,” Nancy said. “What’s the connection?”
“That Amazon out there with the pink braids,” Molly said.
“Tasha?”
Molly handed her a mugshot she’d folded into her pocket. “A cop I know owed me a favor. Pink-Braids left her fingerprints all over the wrappers…the foil part, anyway. Turns out she’s got a long rap sheet.” 
Nancy opened her mouth to speak, but stopped before incriminating herself further. She clapped her hands and Captain Bell parted the tent’s flaps.  
Bell shoved Ivan and the Old Man into the tent one after the other.
“What do you wanna do with ‘em?” Bell asked.
“Just leave ‘em here until we’re done,” Nancy said, “Not sure how much she knows and how much she’s guessing at.”
CHAPTER 14
Lazy-Eye Susan stumbled through the tunnel avoiding the rail ties jutting out of the rocky soil. Exposed wooden beams framed the dim passage, and steam venting from the boiling water bubbling beneath the ground thickened the air, lowering the visibility even more. 
She recognized the guard from the monastery, but the burn marks on his face meant Napoleon didn’t get out of the overturned truck before it caught fire.  “Just my luck.” 
“Move,” Napoleon ordered.
“Hain’t sure what happened after the Moonclipper went down,” she mumbled. They passed over Sandcastle City and then…“Remember waking up in the back of the truck surrounded by…”
Napoleon shoved her forward, and did so every few seconds. She didn’t recognize the big bruiser backing him up. He trailed behind them, fighting to keep his horn-rimmed glasses from slipping off the bridge of his nose.
“I’ll never forgive myself if’n I got them young’uns in trouble,” Susan muttered, but trouble was all she ever got them into.
“Shut-up,” Napoleon snapped. 
“Take it easy!” Susan complained.
He jammed his rifle butt into the small of her back and she fell to her knees. “I said be quiet!” 
Searing pain shot through her spine, numbing her fingers and toes.
He grabbed his collar and pulled his uniform down, revealing the full extent of his scars. “You did this to me…”
“Didn’t know the truck were gonna go up in flames,” Susan said. “Was just trying to get away.”
He pressed his gun barrel against her forehead. “And that’s what I’m gonna tell my CO. That you was just trying to get away.”
She raised her arms and turned her head, but the jolt she expected never came. Instead, she heard a loud thump. 
She opened her eyes and saw the bruiser looming over Napoleon’s body. “Ya knocked him out.” 
The bruiser rubbed his knuckles. “He’s got a glass jaw.”
She recognized the baritone, but waited for him to take off the Hypno-Specs. “If anybody else showed up here dressed as a pirate, I’d have questions.” 
 “Not everybody can pull it off,” she said.
Frost focused his dead-eyed stare and helped her to her feet. “No, I suppose not.”
“What now?” she asked.
“Keep moving.”
She ambled forward, but at a deliberate pace. “For a second, just a second, thought Camaro gotcha back at the monastery.”
“How’d you know it was Camaro that hit the convoy?”
“A blind man could see he were up to some kinda chicanery,” she said. 
“You’re a better judge of character than I am.”
“Not really. Getting ya outta the way woulda left him in charge of everything,” she said.
“Why didn’t you tell me then?”
“Would ya have believed me?” she asked. 
“No.”
“Suppose it didn’t help matters none ya couldn’t deliver what ya promised,” she said. 
His jaw clenched. “The clones lived, but they weren’t alive…they were…”
“I coulda told ya that,” she said. “I did tell ya that. Ya got the body but ya still need the...”
“The operating system.”
“That’s your word for it,” she said, “Mine is soul.”
“I know,” he said. “And I bet she who must not be named told Camaro the same thing.”
“Her name is Nancy,” Susan said. “And I saw that stack of records on my way in.”
“Then you know what she’s planning.”
“Took the full fury of a thunderstorm just to bind Gulliver’s soul to Jamphibian’s body,” Susan said.  “Now she’s gonna do the same thing times twenty? Impossible.” 
“Camaro wouldn’t be here unless she could do it.”
“Camaro wouldn’t be here at all if’n ya weren’t messing ‘round with Enzyme Seven in the first place!”
“You showed them how to make the Clones work,” he said.
“You put Enzyme Seven in the school’s water supply,” she said.
“I had to…”
“Fiddlesticks,” she said. 
“There are things coming our way that…”
“Save the Boogeyman stories for you’re next investor meeting,” she said, “don’t ya owe me the truth just this once?”
“I had to try to fix the problems with the treatment protocols.”
“Why?”
“Because of what happened to me,” he said, “because of what happened to us.”
 “Us?” she muttered, and then she remembered the awkward scene in the monastery’s courtyard, when what’s-her-name tried handing him the baby. His biological father was in the Transylvania Brigade. He was the son of a survivor. Enzyme Seven was his inheritance…
“You passed it on to your young ‘un,” she said, “Ya passed it on to your daughter.”
He looked down at his shoes like a child being scolded by his mother. “I warned her, but Vanessa wanted a baby so bad.”
She’d seen children like his hidden away in attics and carnival sideshows. They’d occupied every room she’d passed the night she broke into the Bixby Institute, the night she came for him. 
Somehow, despite all he’d done, he’d made her feel sorry for him. “Shoulda left you right where I found you.” 
“But you didn’t,” he said.
She couldn’t. But he knew that.
“There are others like her,” he said, “Survivors of the survivors…We can’t do anything for them. But we can stop what happened from happening again.”
***
The tunnel opened into a cavern, and the cavern into a gallery painted deep crimson by infrared lights positioned throughout. Stalactites and stalagmites growing out of the limestone closed in on them like incisors, guarding the interior from those unworthy to enter the hallowed ground.  
Frost led her past the mining equipment parked within. “The local tribes called this place the Devil’s Nursery.” 
 “Wonder why?” Lazy-Eye Susan mumbled. “What was they digging for?”
He guided her gaze to the trickling water flowing through the cracks in the rock. “Can’t you smell it?”
She inhaled the faint scent of ammonia. “Enzyme Seven.”
“This is the source,” he said, “but there’s more.”
She followed him through a gauntlet of fossilized effigies fused to the living rock, guarding an open sepulcher like alien saints. She’d seen him wear the same kind of spacesuit when he was an astronaut, though the distinctive helmets were unique to the fossils.
“Pilots?” she muttered.
“Pilots,” he agreed.
The deeper they went, the stranger and more confused the architecture became. Arches and columns dissolved into fossilized ribs and cartilage, circuitry and piping connecting them like veins and arteries. 
“How far up does all this reach?”
“Up and through the canyon walls,” he said. “Sandcastle City’s built on top of the ruins.”
“Must be old to be buried so deep,” she said.
“It is…”
“How old?”
“Any organic residue fossilized long ago,” Frost explained. “But we dated the crater.” 
“How?” Susan said.
“We measured the radiometric ages of the impact melt rocks.” 
“And?” she said.
“Three million years…Seventy years…two thousand years…three hundred years…”
“That don’t make no kinda sense,” she said.
“That’s right, it doesn’t.” 
She paused before posing her next question. “You said impact. Does that mean this is from out there?”
“Not outer space, other space,” Frost said, “I don’t have time to explain the difference.”
She followed him into an alcove forking away from the main gallery. Deep grooves carved into the antechamber’s walls gave her the foreboding sensation she was marching into a rifled gun barrel.
“What is it?” she asked.
Because she’d never seen a Stinger before, she didn’t know how amazed to be. And though the machine lay folded into its cocoon state, she recognized the unifying intellect behind the monocycle’s engineering and the gallery’s architecture. 
He ran his hand over a panel on the machine and the Stinger’s canopy opened. Blue running lights ignited in anticipation of the engine’s throaty buzz, bestowing the machine with a disconcerting sentience.
She felt the raw power displaced by the engine in the marrow of her bones. “How much horsepower does that thing crank out?”
“Enough.”
“Then Nancy won’t need no thunderstorm,” Susan said. “She’ll use the transformer up top to suck the juice outta your machine and channel the current to the pods.” 
“That’s her plan,” he said, “but I’ll be gone before she’s ready.”
“What do ya mean gone?”
“Launched,” he said. “And unless you’re hitching a ride, you should head for the exit.”
“Why?” she asked. “What’s gonna happen?”
“We’re right below the amphitheater,” he said, “Soon as the launch sequence starts, this thing’s gonna shoot a focused beam of exotic matter right through the roof.”
“We’re underground…You’ll collapse the cavern…bury everything.” 
He mounted the Stinger and the machine’s profile reconfigured to fit him. “They never should have dug Enzyme Seven up in the first place.”
“Listen to me,” she said, “ya don’t have to do this.”
“The Pilots are coming to sanitize anything contaminated by Enzyme Seven,” he said, “I might not be able to stop what’s coming, but I can slow ‘em down.” 
“Suicide,” she mumbled. “That’s suicide.”
“It’s risky,” he admitted, “but I don’t plan on becoming a martyr.”
“There’s gotta be another way,” Susan said, but her throat tightened and she barely got the words out.
“There isn’t,” he said, and started the launch sequence.
***
Seven of the eight bays were empty, but number eight was operational, so the bleary-eyed Driver eased the flat-bed truck into the garage. 
He pulled his beret down low and climbed down from the cab. The Driver pulled the bay door down by hand, banishing the sun’s rays from within and letting the soothing blue darkness return. 
The Sentry on duty was even more hung-over than his buddy, but at least he’d shaved. “You look like I feel.” 
The Driver ran his fingers over his stubbled-chin. “Not so loud.” 
The Sentry’s hissing laugh echoed off the corrugated steel walls, starting his head pounding again. Blue Beret’s engineers took advantage of Sandcastle City’s natural geography, building the garage into the hollowed rock, but the unique configuration amplified every sound.
He pulled himself together to check the load for damage. “What is this thing?” 
“Some kinda blimp or something,” the Driver said.
The Moonclipper’s wreckage laid on its side, strapped to the flatbed to keep it from shifting on the way into the valley. The crash took out the airship’s right rotor, but the carbon fiber skeleton preserved the craft’s underlying structure.
The Driver signed off on the load and trudged up the stairs to the second level. “Didn’t think five o’clock would ever get here.” 
“Let’s see if any of those Happy-Face chicks wanna party again,” the Sentry said.
The door closed behind them and their conversation faded. While their absence left the Moonclipper unguarded, the airship wasn’t unattended. 
Newton cracked the hatch to get a better look at their surroundings. Convinced it was safe, he popped the door wide and locked it in its upright position. Diesel fuel and industrial solvents dizzied him, but he didn’t plan on sticking around for long. He crawled out of the exit, cutlass in hand, and covered the others.
Grady tucked his blade beneath his arm to pick the lint from his tux. “Yeah bro, no way they thought we’d be hiding inside the bladders.”
Spider laughed, but realized he was just as affected by the helium.
“Keep it down,” Newton squeaked. Though they didn’t see anybody around, that didn’t mean there wasn’t anybody around. Steel plating covered as much of the rock as required and no more, leaving plenty of shadow-cloaked nooks and crannies to hide in. 
“This is like the best idea we ever had,” Clementine said. Her voice was almost back to normal, though the helium’s effects lingered longer than she thought they would.
“They did it in Star Wars, dude.”
“What?” Clementine said.
“They did it in Star Wars,” Grady repeated. 
“Which one?” Spider asked. 
“The first one,” Grady said. “Remember when the Millennium Falcon got totally pulled inside the Death Star? Han Solo and ‘em hid inside like we did.”
Clementine liked it better when she thought it was her idea. “Star Wars, huh?”
“Guys…”
Newton twirled his cutlass like a cane. “The Ancient Greeks did it before ‘em. Hid inside a giant, wooden…”
“Guys…”
“Shut-up!” Clementine said. “Don’t matter who came up with it first. Let’s just find Lazy-Eye Susan and get outta here.”
“Guys…”
Annoyed by his persistence, Newton turned to see what was bothering Spider so... “Clark Bent…”
The Botkin they’d cut up like a chicken back at the Windmill stood between them and the stairs, blocking the only way in or out. There was something wrong with him even before the train hit him, a nervous tick almost passing for a personality. But a personality implied emotions, and emotions allowed for grudges, which explained why he looked angry even through the distortion field generated by his Hypno-Specs.
“He musta seen Star Wars, too,” Grady said. 
“S-s-somebody put him back together,” Clementine stuttered. 
Newton recognized the prosthetics strapped to the Botkin’s cauterized stumps and came to a different conclusion; “He put himself back together.”
Clementine couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “How’d he know to do that?”
“He musta been awake the whole time,” Newton said. “He musta seen us trying the wooden leg and the hook hand on for size.”
“But how’d he get here?” Clementine asked.
“Dude, he musta hid in the trunks,” Grady said. “He musta folded himself up. We musta carried him on board and not ever knowed it.” 
“Hey…It works!” Newton said. “The Nike Pro Combat Loin Guard works.” 
Neither Grady nor Spider knew what he meant. Clementine was just sorry she did. 
Newton whipped his cutlass back and forth, carving his initials into the air. “Remember how we did it the last time.” 
They spaced themselves out, forcing the Botkin to come to them. Only one of them had the real blade, but Clark Bent didn’t know that. As long as they sliced and didn’t stab, the props might hold up. 
“One at a time,” Clementine said, “we don’t wanna cut each other to...” 
“What’s that buzzing?” Spider asked. “That him?”
Grady stopped to answer him. “Dude, that’s me.” 
“What are ya doing?” Clementine asked.
“Getting all inside his head,” Grady explained.
She had no idea what he was talking about. 
“Dude, what scares a plant more than anything?” Grady asked. 
“You want me to say bee?” Clementine said.
“Bees are the pimps of the insect kingdom,” Grady said, “and nobody messes with a pimp.”
“Didn’t you get like a D in biology?” Clementine said.
“Bees swoop in and grab the pollen, sharing it with as many fine lady plants as they can,” Grady said. “And nobody messes with ‘em or else they get stung.”
Newton shifted his blade from one hand to the other. “He’s like twice your size. He ain’t gonna run just ‘cause your buzzing around his head.”
“Don’t want him to run,” Grady said, “want him to think there’s some fine lady plants nearby.” 
“What if he unzips?” Spider asked. “To share his…pollen.”
“That ain’t how it works,” Newton insisted.
“Its instinct,” Grady said. “He won’t be able to help himself. And when his pants are down around his ankles…boom!”
Spider waved his cutlass in support. “Maybe it’ll work. And we already got the stingers.”
“If you wanna get it right, you should be waving that blade with the other end of your body,” Clementine said. “The same end you’re talking out of now.”
They waited for Clark Bent to show some sign he was affected by the buzzing, and then he did. The Botkin turned toward the stairs and vaulted over the railing, landing on the second level with ease, and was through the door before anyone could react. 
Their disappointment was palpable.
“That didn’t go down like I expected,” Newton said.
Grady agreed. “Clark Bent might not be as gangsta as I thought.” 
“He sure ain’t no Michael Corleone,” Spider said. “This guy’s more like Fredo.”
Clementine tracked Clark Bent’s green splatter trail up the steps. “He’s bleeding.”
She pushed past them, taking the stairs two at a time. She yanked the door to the second level open. “Come on…He’s getting away!”
CHAPTER 15
Drew eased off the throttle, but they didn’t stop, instead the Stinger rolled along the highway, suspended a few meters above the pale desolation. Whoever sent the Stinger to Bixby had called it back just as suddenly.
“Where we at?” Drew whispered.
“Where ya think?” Deneese answered.
He looked back over his shoulder but the site of the earth rising across the lunar horizon didn’t panic him like he expected. “Maybe I’m still in the chair.”
“The chair?” Deneese said.
“Messed with me last time,” he said, “Might be messing with me now. Thought I saw the Moonclipper flying ‘round back there over the desert but that can’t be, either.”
“If you’re in the chair, what’s that make me?” Deneese asked. “Some kinda day dream?”
“You’re real,” he decided, “but maybe we’re just driving ‘round on some interstate or road or something and I’m trippin’ on the scenery because of some kinda side effects from the chair or something.” 
“We’re trippin’ on the scenery,” Deneese said, “because I see the same things as you.”
“We gotta get back.” 
“Then take us back,” she said.
“I ain’t in control,” he said, “think the road moves us…like an escalator or something.”
He didn’t know why they were whispering. Maybe it was the solemnity of the vast emptiness before them flattening their egos. They rolled along the highway for a few seconds more in suffocating silence before Deneese finally loosened her grip on him. “Sorry…Guess I’m still a little freaked out by all of this.”
He wanted to say something reassuring, but he kept replaying the last few moments of Bixby’s fiery destruction over and over again. “Think whoever sent the Stinger was gunning for Cryptos.”
“You mean those things in the glass tubes?” she said.
“Yeah…They must be homing in on ‘em somehow.”
“But why?” she asked.
“Dunno,” he admitted, “but the Stinger blew Bixby up.” 
“But how’d it know to blow Bixby up?” 
“Frost put Enzyme Seven in the water tower,” Drew said. “And those soldiers in the tubes had it inside ‘em. Enzyme Seven is the only thing they all got in common. Bet this machine can sniff it out like a bloodhound.” 
“What about the song?”
“What about it?”
“Did you hear the song?” she asked. “The song started playin’ before this thing fired.”
“Came on automatically,” he said. “Must be some kinda signal…Like sonar or something.”
“Hearing the song gives away the element of surprise,” she said. “Why give the Cryptos a chance to run?”
“Maybe they can’t hear it,” he said. “Maybe it’s like a reverse dog whistle.”
They approached a jagged peak jutting out from the surface, but the highway adjusted, looping around the protrusion with room to spare.
“You got it backward,” she said, “the song’s meant for Cryptos.” 
“What do ya mean?”
“You saw the sewer workers at the school?”
“Yeah…”
“They didn’t flinch when the song started, even as loud as it was blasting…”
“Because they couldn’t hear it,” he realized. “But how come we could?”
“You can’t hear it, Enzyme Seven can.” 
He’d been dosed with the others when Frost introduced Enzyme Seven into Bixby’s water supply years before, but unlike Harley, he didn’t change. He’d assumed he was immune. Was it possible some trace remained, inoculating him from mutation while letting him channel the song’s frequency? 
Drew watched the dismal scenery scroll by for a moment. “There were two Stingers back in Silverwood…”
 “Yeah…”
“Why send two Stingers to the same place?” he said. “You saw what just one can do.”
“It was a mid-air collision,” she said, “an accident.” 
“Don’t think it was an accident,” he said, “think it was a dogfight.”
“Why do you say that?”
“No parachutes,” he said, “And anybody that can make something advanced as a Stinger can keep it from smacking into another one without too much trouble. Whatever happened, happened fast. Bang-bang fast.”
“Why do you think there were two Stingers in the same place?”
“If the song really is a warning, then I think one pilot was hunting Cryptos and the other was protecting ‘em,” he decided.
“But both pilots died,” Deneese said. “We found the suits in the…”
“We found the suits,” Drew agreed, “but we didn’t find the bodies. We didn’t bother checking.”
“You think one lived?” Deneese asked.
“The Stinger made it,” he said. “Maybe the pilot did, too.”
Deneese started to say something, but stopped to let him continue.
“Who wanted to keep the names of the survivors safe?” he asked. “The survivors of the survivors, I mean.”
“Jagger,” she said.
“She’s the one who drugged me in the ER,” he said, “and she’s the one that wanted to get me to the ghost town.”
The highway banked past another gray debris field giving him time to contemplate his theory further, but all he could think of was how helpless he’d become. Somehow he’d been turned into a witness to his own life, events unfolding before him without any control over what was happening.  
She laid her head on his shoulder, ending his rumination. “Thanks.”
“For what?” Drew asked.
“For helping me get outta that ghost town,” she said, “not every guy woulda done it.”
He tried to keep his eye on the highway but her narcotic scent made concentrating impossible. “You’re welcome.” 
She pulled closer, and she was already very close to begin with. She turned his head toward her, and slid her soft, slippery lips over his. It wasn’t his first kiss, but it might have been the best. 
The highway led them past a fractured ridge line, and the obedient monocycle climbed, gracefully passing the plateau in just a few seconds. 
She laid her head on his shoulder and made a sound like a kitten purring, so he growled like a dog. A dog?
“Sorry…sore throat,” he explained.
His clumsy response made her giggle. He turned his head to finish what she’d started but felt her tense up. 
“What’s goin’ on over there?” she asked.
Another lens came into focus high above the looming crater, joined by another and then another. They aligned their facets before fusing, multiplying in size and complexity with the addition of each smaller lens. 
“If one of those things can whip us from the earth to the moon in just a few seconds, wonder what something that size can do?” he said. 
The highway curved past the monolithic crater, leading them to an open expanse where his answer lay. 
“What the hell is that?” he asked.
Mammoth wheels the size of a city block pulled the spiral carapace across the emptiness in slow motion, leaving dust plumes in its wake stretching for miles. Dilating valves cut into the spiny shell gave them a glimpse of the alien clockworks functioning within. The grinding gears and pumping pistons must have been making a terrible racket, but Drew couldn’t hear anything except his own labored breathing.
 “There’s no air in space,” Mr. Birdsong once told him, “that’s why you can’t hear anything, because the sound waves need something to travel through.”
Deneese snapped him out of his daze with a tap on the shoulder. 
Another highway materialized beside them, arcing over the ridge and connecting with one of the Hive’s open ports. The new highway brought a new Stinger, decelerating from a blur to a slow roll in less than a second, orange running lights flashing in sequence. 
“You gonna answer?” Deneese asked.
The monocycle lingered for a second, and then rolled past them toward the Hive. If it was a signal, they’d know soon enough.
“We gotta get back,” he said. “We gotta tell somebody about all this.”
“Tell ‘em what?”
“They blew up the school,” he said. 
“We blew up the school.”
“You know what I mean,” he said. 
“Our story’s gonna be hard to believe without proof,” she said. “And who we gonna tell? 
“We gotta try,” he insisted, and pulled out his cell phone.
 Deneese leaned over his shoulder. “How many bars ya think you can get all the way out here?”
“I’m having trouble remembering stuff because of the chair,” he said, “but I won’t have to remember nothing if I get pictures.”
Each flash of his camera flooded the cockpit with harsh white light bright enough to make him squint, bright enough to be seen at a distance. He’d clicked off almost a dozen shots when another highway appeared, curving out from the Hive before stabilizing a few feet away from them. 
The third Stinger pulled up behind them on the adjacent highway, flashing red running lights like a cop jumping a speeder. 
“What do we do?” Drew asked, but Deneese didn’t answer.
The Red Stinger’s maneuver felt like a threat, and ratcheted his anxiety up another notch. “We gotta get outta here.”
She agreed. “Punch it.”
But the dashboard presented countless options. One button might break the autopilot’s control, another might open the canopy.  He ran his index finger over the buttons, praying it would twitch like a divining rod when he passed over the right one. “Gotta be this one…” 
He wiggled the handlebars. The highway responded, the link broken.
Drew made the turn back toward earth. He pushed the handlebars forward and the highway coiled, giving them a chance to brace themselves. They slid backwards, pausing for a split second while their Stinger charged itself--and then the highway whipped out, slingshotting them back the way they came. 
***
The garage was on the dark side of the amphitheater, connected to the rest of Sandcastle City via tunnel. They should have turned back and tried another way, but because the Botkin’s blood trail went up the Speaker Wall, they did too. 
Clementine didn’t expect the climb to be so arduous, but the supporting scaffolding rattled whenever she put her foot on a crossbeam. Stadium lights on top of the Wall faced the stage, cloaking their advance in darkness, but the same darkness complicated the already treacherous climb.
“Step, plant, climb,” she reminded herself, “step, plant, climb.”
“What?” Newton shouted.
“Nothing!” she shouted back. They’d spaced themselves across the Wall’s length, and the distance between them made for strained conversations.
She paused to plant her foot between crossbeams and looked down. The pyramidal Wall narrowed as they climbed, each row of speakers set back a few inches deeper than the row beneath. Moisture creeping up through the cracked ground misted the base, perpetuating the illusion that the Wall emerged out of the pale nothingness. 
“Looks like something outta the freaking Twilight Zone,” she muttered.
Afraid to look down, afraid to look up, she kept her eyes focused on the black blocks right in front of her. “Wonder if I’d die or just turn into a paraplegic falling from this high up?” 
“What?” Newton shouted.
She wiped her nose on her sleeve. “Who knew it got so cold in the freakin’ desert?” 
Newton did, that’s who. He’d kept his coat and gloves while they’d shed their winter gear against his warnings. “Gets cold in the desert at night,” he’d said, “literally freezing.”
“He was right…Never shoulda got off the train,” she said. “Because if I stayed on the train I’d be in a D.C. hotel room warm and toasty.”
Her complaints drifted into the ether. 
She checked Newton’s progress, to her left and one level below. “Poor kid…afraid of heights and gotta make this kinda climb…Serves ‘im right.”
Clementine stuck her sneaker between speakers…her foot slipped. 
She clawed at the scaffolding but couldn’t get any traction. “Help!”
Clementine slid down a level before catching a crossbeam. 
“Hang on!” she heard one of the others shout.
“What else am I gonna do?” she shouted back.  
She tried pulling herself up but wasn’t strong enough. “Why’d they let me get away with girl push-ups in gym…”
“Almost there!” Newton shouted, but he wasn’t anywhere close.
She felt her fingers slipping…“Hurry!”
“Coming!” Newton shouted. 
Too late…
Her fingers unfolded and she fell. She felt herself become weightless for a split second before jerking like a rag doll, her momentum reversed in an instant. 
Pain blazed from wrist to shoulder, from shoulder to spine, and then she went numb. She’d closed her eyes in anticipation of hitting the ground. They fluttered open of their own accord when she didn’t. “Hi…”
If the Botkin was going to kill her, he wasn’t going to do it right away. Instead, Clark Bent dangled her above the Wall’s base like a baby trying to decide what to do with his favorite toy.
Newton kept coming, but if climbing up the Wall was tough, sliding sideways was even tougher, complicated by the gusting wind and the urgency of the situation. 
The Botkin pulled Clementine in against the Wall and held her there until she regained her footing.
Newton waited until she started climbing again, and followed her to the top of the Wall.
***
Spider studied the convocation below them from the safety of the lighting rig. Industrial size spotlights positioned every few feet along the Wall’s top row provided additional cover, something he hoped they wouldn’t need. 
“Too many of ‘em to fight straight up,” Spider said. “Gotta come up with another way.”
Clementine checked for herself. Blue Berets stationed throughout the amphitheater blocked every way in or out. Getting in would be tough, getting out impossible. 
“We gotta get down there,” she insisted, “Lazy-Eye Susan is down there…maybe even Drew.”
He spied her from the corner of his eye for a moment before speaking. “Ya up for this?”
“What?”
“Yeah. Yeah. Ya almost died back there,” he said. But he was really trying to tell her she could turn back and nobody would blame her.
“Yeah. I mean I’m still shaking but I’m okay.” 
“Bet ya wish ya went on the class trip instead,” Spider said.
“Are ya kidding?” she said. “And miss all this?”
“We need to put our heads together and come up with something,” Spider said.
They crawled along the scaffolding toward the camp they’d set-up where the Wall met the canyon rock. 
“How is he?” Clementine asked.
The Botkin’s wound smelled like fresh-cut grass, characteristic of the chlorophyll bleeding with each languid breath. Cuts that deep took time to heal, even for plants, and the rough ride aboard the Moonclipper didn’t help. 
Newton reached for his backpack, grabbing a sandwich from inside one of the pockets. 
“You’re gonna feed ‘im?” Spider asked.
Newton threw the bread away and dangled the limp lettuce leaf over Clark Bent’s wound. 
“You ain’t gonna do what I think you’re gonna do are ya?” Spider asked.
He was. Newton put the lettuce over the wound and pressed down. The Botkin squirmed, but didn’t fight back.
“Think he gets it,” Clementine said. 
The Botkin’s jaw extended, sending Clementine scurrying backward. “What’s goin’ on?” 
The teeth shifted up and down, clicking against each other in controlled intervals. 
“It’s a message!” Clementine said, “He’s getting a message!”
Newton closed his eyes, concentrating on the tones and frequency.
“What’s he saying?” Spider asked.
“Beepity-beep-beep…beep…”
Clementine clamped her hand over Grady’s mouth. “You ain’t even funny!” 
They cut the chatter, letting Newton concentrate on the rest of the message. 
“Well?” Spider said.
“Could only make out one word,” Newton said. “Transformer. I think it was transformer.” 
They peered over the edge at the patchwork tower casting a shadow across the stage and suddenly the Botkin’s message made sense. 
“Dude, he must be here to take it out,” Grady said. “He’s like some kinda commando or secret agent or something.” 
“Explains why he didn’t smoke us when he had the chance,” Clementine said. “He needed us to get him here.”
Newton traced the cables from the transformer to the pods. He recognized the familiar profiles suspended in the viscous blue fluid even at a distance. “Clones.”
“Dude, Lazy-Eye Susan said they weren’t alive,” Grady reminded him. “Said they was just meat-suits.”
“And what was Jamphibian?” Clementine asked. “Remember how she brought ‘im to life?”
Grady looked up at the clear night sky. “Dawg, unless they’re gonna do some kinda rain dance, it ain’t happening.”
“They’d know that,” Newton said, “and they’d plan for it, or whatever.”
“But they still need the souls,” Spider reminded them.
“The turntables,” Clementine said. “Bet that’s what those turntables was recording in the hospital.” 
“What do ya mean?” Newton asked.
“There was a buncha turntables attached to the EKG machines,” Clementine said. “They musta been recording their souls just like Grimsby did back in the day.”
“Ya didn’t say that before,” Newton said.
“Wasn’t sure that’s what they were ‘til now,” Clementine said.
Newton put the scheme together for them. “The EZ8 in the chocolate must put a certain percentage of users in just the right kind of coma. Then they can pick and choose which souls they wanna harvest.” 
Spider looked back at the wounded Botkin. “Why’s he care if the Clones live or die?”
“Competition,” Grady said, “Maybe there ain’t room in the jungle for more than one kinda Crypto.”
“He saved Clem. Guess that puts him on our side,” Spider said. “Let ‘im do what he’s gotta do.”
His argument didn’t convince Newton. The Botkin’s heroics earned his gratitude, but not his trust. 
“Dude, we don’t have to trust him,” Grady said.
Newton didn’t get it. “Whaddya mean?”
“He wants to take out the tower, we let ‘im,” Grady said. “He takes out the tower and the Blueberries go after him instead of us. We sneak in and sneak out in the confusion.” 
Spider wasn’t buying it. “But we don’t even know where Lazy-Eye Susan’s at.” 
“What do ya think is gonna happen when the fireworks start?” Grady asked.
Newton played out the scenario in his head. “The Blueberries will be all over him.”
“Not all of ‘em,” Grady said. “At least one of ‘em will be guarding Lazy-Eye Susan. He’s gonna stay at his post, no matter what happens.”
Newton took another look at the layout below. “There’s a Blueberry on guard in front of that tent.”
“But someone’s on guard,” Clementine said, “which means someone’s in there.”
Newton felt the consensus building against him. Grady’s plan should have made him nervous because it was Grady’s plan, but there was an elegant logic to it he couldn’t deny. “Okay.”
“Okay?” Grady said.
“Okay,” Newton repeated. “But first we gotta let our partner in on our plan.” 
“How?” Clementine asked.
He crawled toward their newfound ally, slowly reaching for the bionic keyboard. “Same way he told us ‘bout his.” 
“What are ya gonna tell ‘im?” Spider asked.
Newton started typing. “Gonna tell ‘im that we’re gonna help him take out the transformer.” 
“Step away from that abomination!”
Newton reached for his cutlass but by then, the Acolytes were already on them. 
He slid to the left, but the first Acolyte waved her hand, pinning him against the scaffolding. 
“Do something!” he shouted, but none of them could move either. Whatever mojo she’d unleashed left them hanging from the scaffolding like laundry.
The Botkin was unaffected. He assumed a defensive posture but the second Acolyte fired her weapon from below, punching a swirling arm of silver needles through his chest.
The impact spun him three-hundred and sixty degrees, chlorophyll spurting from his wound painting the black speakers green. 
The Botkin fell backward, clutching and grasping at the slippery scaffolding before disappearing into the mist below.
The invisible hand gripping Newton weakened until the feeling in his extremities returned. The paralysis faded but he didn’t move. Instead, he sat there staring at the hole Clark Bent cut through the mist. “You killed ‘im…He saved Clem’s life…He was gonna help us…”
The first Acolyte climbed toward them while the second pumped her gun’s bellows. 
“We shoulda hid in the Moonclipper ‘til Lazy-Eye Susan came back for us,” Newton mumbled.
The first Acolyte lowered her weapon and pulled off her mask. And though he didn’t recognize her, there was something hauntingly familiar about her aged face. 
“Just who are ya young’uns, anyhow?” Penelope asked.
CHAPTER 16
Tasha watched the Acolytes load the records into the platter array. “Careful,” she said, and careful they were, wearing white linen gloves to handle the gleaming black vinyl. 
She entered the DJ booth behind the stage and checked the set-up, working the sliders to make sure their action was smooth and frictionless. She lifted her mask and gave the master platter a spin. The slaves in the network answered, replaying her move to within one-one-hundredth of an inch. 
Doctor Camaro connected the cables from the transformer to the terminals on the Clone pods. More wires connected the pods to the array, one record per pod. 
Nancy watched the preparations from the edge of the amphitheater. Even after weeks of rehearsals, she insisted on supervising every aspect of the performance, knowing she’d only get one chance to perform the ritual.
“How’s the ear?” she asked. 
“The surgeon thinks he reattached it in time.” 
“I told ya not to get too close,” she said.
He kept his eye on the manacled Thingamajig lurking around her feet. “I had to see for myself.”
She lifted the snarling stuffed toy up into her arms like a baby. “You wanted proof, you got it.”
Camaro stepped back to let a gaggle of costumed performers pass. “Bringing that thing to life is one thing…”
“You still don’t think this is gonna work?”
“Just get the Clones working,” he said. “That’s what I’m paying you for.” 
“That’s what I’m doing,” she insisted. “The opera is a complex series of mathematical equations unifying disparate biological frequencies into a harmonious...”
“…into a harmonious algorithm that triggers the phase shift between quantum states of existence.”
She shot him a quizzical stare. “Don’t hear Gulliver quoted much these days.”
“I’ve read his books,” Camaro explained. 
“You don’t look like his typical groupies.” 
“I’m not,” he said. “But I give credit where credit is due. And Grimsby had the answers even before anybody knew the questions.”
Her eyes roll back of their own accord. “I take it back. You sound exactly like the wide-eyed country girls that used to show up at the farm.” 
“And just how wide-eyed were you?”
“No more than the rest,” she said, “But I figured it out. I figured him out.” 
“And what about Enzyme Seven?” he asked.
“What about it?”
“I know what the biologists say, but what do you think it really is?”
Her lips quivered before she answered, like she was trying to decide whether to share a secret with him. “Memory.”
Nancy was no true-believer despite the ceremonial trappings she cloaked herself in, making her philosophical answer…unexpected.
“Memory?” he said. “A memory of what?” 
“A memory of what we are before we are.”
He could tell she was serious by her unfocused gaze, but that didn’t mean she was making any sense. “Save the fortune cookie mumbo-jumbo for your strung-out…”
“Wait!” she said. “Listen…”
He cocked his head to the side but to no avail. “I don’t hear...”
“You don’t hear music?” she asked. 
“What kind of music?”
“Something like a billion voices singing all at once?”  
The wind shifted from a whisper to a roar, spinning the sand into nebulous tendrils spiraling out across the amphitheater. 
“This part of the show?” Camaro asked, but blackened clouds rolling across the horizon held Nancy spellbound. 
The lens appeared at the nexus of the maelstrom, rotating into position above them. Light trapped within the angled facets bounced back and forth until the build-up could be contained no longer. The crystal flared, doubling in size before unleashing a wide band of black light from its aperture.
“Not yet!” Nancy pleaded, “We’re not ready!”
Camaro yanked her out of the way just as the highway cut through the amphitheater’s floor.  
The porous rock collapsed around the incision, dust and soot billowing out of the fissure. The Stinger climbed out of the pit, diffuse running lights glowing blue through the burning haze. 
Movement inside the cockpit alerted Camaro to the pilot’s presence. And though there was no rational reason to explain the sensation, he felt the weight of the pilot’s stare even through the smoked glass canopy. 
The Blue Stinger recoiled, holding its elongated pose for an instant at the farthest part of its prelaunch trajectory--then rocketed up the highway.
***
Deneese checked over her shoulder as they lanced through the clouds. “You see him?” 
He couldn’t hear her over the music blaring through the cockpit, so she asked again. “You see him?”
“Got ‘im!” Drew said. 
They swam through the phantom images symptomatic of their velocity, tuning the ghosts out to focus on the Red Stinger running parallel and just behind them.
“Concentrate,” Drew muttered, but the warning song made focusing tough. “Where’s the damn volume knob…”
They ripped through another layer of atmospheric vapor. He looked back again, but the Red Stinger was gone. “Where’d he…”
“There he is!” Deneese shouted.
The clouds parted and the parallel highway flexed, shooting the Red Stinger toward them like a bullet from a gun.
The monocycles bumped, the alien material screeching in pain where they scraped together. 
“Bet his guns won’t work against our armor!” Drew shouted “Bet ramming us is his only shot!”
The Red Stinger broke off to gather momentum for another pass, his highway flexing in response.
The maneuver fit a pattern, and the pattern fit a profile Drew timed out. “One-one thousand…two-one thousand...” 
He yanked the handlebars back on three. 
Their highway shifted, looping over and under the parallel strip. 
The confluence warped the space around it, the spectral images the highway invoked bleeding together like a molten watercolor.
Drew rolled through the twisting corkscrew expecting his tire to buckle from the stress, but the wheel held the line through the turn.
He looked back, certain the turbulence shook their pursuer…It hadn’t.
The Red Stinger added their momentum to his. He swung wide and cut back sharp.
“We’re gonna hit!” Deneese screamed. “We’re gonna hit!”
But another highway arced up from the ground before they connected. The third monocycle zoomed toward them, running lights leaving a long blue streak in its wake.
The third highway split the distance between them, pushing Drew one direction and the Red Stinger another. 
The Red Stinger lost traction and skipped into the swirling clouds. The highway it rode telescoped back toward its point of origin on within the Hive, leaving no sign it’d ever been there.
Drew watched the Blue Stinger climbing higher and higher until losing sight for good. 
“Whoever that was just saved our butts!” Deneese said. 
He couldn’t disagree. But while they’d lost their pursuer, they weren’t out of trouble yet. 
“That other highway is pulling us toward it!” Drew shouted.
The merging strips forced the confused Stinger to jump between them. Their singular wheel slowed their speed with each bite of warped asphalt but he couldn’t get enough traction on either highway to regain control.
“We’re gonna crash!” Deneese shouted.
The curved horizon flattened more and more with each second, bringing them closer and closer to their catastrophic end. Drew pulled the handlebars back hard, but the highway fought him for every inch. 
“Breathe,” he reminded himself, but he was already doing that, though much too fast. 
He pulled again and their highway adjusted but didn’t separate from the other, twisting around it like a helix instead. 
“What now?” Deneese asked.
He didn’t know. But then the clouds parted and Sandcastle City appeared like a mirage. “If I can break us loose, maybe we can skip across the valley!” 
She wasn’t as optimistic. “If…”
At least the narrow valley was something to aim for. He pulled and they slowed but they were still coming in too fast and steep. 
But then the Stinger twitched…
He pulled harder. “A little more…”
Their angle decreased…
He pulled as hard as he’d ever pulled.
“It’s workin’!” he grunted, “it’s workin’!”
***
The last thing Old Man Hoyt remembered before passing out was the eerie song that led them to Sandcastle city blasting through the Speaker Wall.
He checked his watch, but the hands stopped just past midnight. “Musta been out for a few seconds…or maybe a few minutes.” 
Tattered fabric danced in the air like ghosts, buoyed by the shifting wind and the heat rising from the flames engulfing the tent remnants. He staggered through the smoke and fog, feeling his way around the periphery. 
“Blondie? Where ya at Blondie?”
Shell-shocked Acolytes wandered past him in the confusion. Those still standing, rendered aid to those who weren’t.
“Over here…” 
 He followed Molly’s echo to the edge of the stage where she cradled Ivan’s head. “Help me get him up!” 
“What happened?” Hoyt asked.
“We got separated,” Molly explained. “He musta caught some shrapnel somehow.”
Ivan stirred, a soft moan escaping from his bloodied lips. A good sign, but what caught the Old Man by surprise were the tears welling in Molly’s eyes.
Hoyt knelt beside her. “He’s still conscious, we just gotta keep ‘im that way.” 
“What happened?” she asked.
Hoyt traced the hole bored through the rock back to where the Stinger clipped the transformer on its way down. “Something came in about Mach six…Maybe a missile.”
“Can you walk?” Molly asked.
“Think so,” Ivan grunted. 
They looped around the stage, but the transformer’s smoldering wreckage blocked their path. The top section separated from the base during the ritual, collapsing across the winding steps and claiming the only victim. 
Hoyt kicked the snarling Thingamajig away from Camaro’s body. He checked for a pulse, but the broken section crushed the Doctor’s ribs on impact.
“He’s dead isn’t he?” Molly asked.
Nancy lifted the hem of her garment and stepped around the burning embers. “He will be missed.” 
“Yeah,” Hoyt said, “He was a real prince.”
“I was being sarcastic,” Nancy said.
“So was I,” Hoyt said.
She stumbled past them, climbing the stage steps before stopping halfway up. Something stirred atop the tiered platform, a perturbation rising within the smoky tempest drawing her attention away from the surrounding chaos. 
Lazy-Eye Susan’s features came into sharp focus when she stepped out of the hazy confusion. But if seeing her old nemesis alarmed her, Nancy didn’t let on.
She tap-danced her way up the stairs, each step amplified by the amphitheater’s resonant architecture. “You’re just in time…Sorry I didn’t welcome you in person when ya got here, but as you can see…we’re right in the middle of rehearsals.” 
“Thinkin’ of getting the band back together, are ya?” Susan asked.
Nancy stopped to catch her breath. “Nostalgia acts sell a lot of records these days.”
Susan cocked her right and held it, trying to come up with a clever catch-phrase but couldn’t. Disappointed with herself, she unleashed her left instead. 
Her punch connected, sending Nancy tumbling down the steps. She staggered to her feet. While she’d escaped serious injury, she’d been shown up in front of the Acolytes, and that was far worse. 
“That’s for blowing up my house!” Susan said.
Tasha emerged from the crumpled DJ’s booth, casting her broken mask aside. Blood trickled down her cheeks from cuts in her scalp but she fought through the pain. “Your kung-fu mighta been all that once upon a time grandma, but the odds favor the house.” 
“Ya might wanna try counting again…”
The Acolytes turned toward the defiant voice in their midst. Penelope threw her mask aside, clearing a wide swathe around her.
“Who’s that?” one of the Jens asked, though none of the other Jens could tell who asked.
“Two against one?” Tasha snorted. “Bring it!”
Lucy unmasked just as dramatically, stepping out from behind a broken column on the other side of the pavilion. “That’s three against one by my count.”
Their audacious appearance skewed the odds even further against Tasha. But what she lacked in wisdom, she made up for in hubris. “Still ain’t enough.” 
The Blue Berets were as confused as the Acolytes. And with Camaro dead, Captain Bell wasn’t sure how to proceed. 
He aimed his pistol at Susan. “Not sure what kinda telenovela we stepped into, but I’m gonna need everyone to stand down ‘til I sort this out.”
He stepped toward the stage but the ground beneath his boot exploded in a cloud of sand and needles. His men took cover, but cover was sparse inside the open pavilion. 
“Good shot!” Bell shouted, but he wasn’t convinced of the shooter’s marksmanship. He took another step.
The first blast was close, but the next three were even closer, well-spaced and well-placed, each coming from a different direction, impossible to pinpoint. 
His men aimed in every direction, confused by the overlapping echoes bouncing around the pavilion.
“They’re either really good shots or really bad ones,” Bell muttered. 
“Hit the deck,” Susan ordered.
Bell gave the signal and the Blue Berets dropped their weapons. 
Tasha dismissed all of the Smiley-Face nonsense as the cost of doing business, but now it threatened her livelihood. She clenched her fists and lowered her head, climbing the stairs toward Susan. 
“Those heels can’t be easy to walk in,” Molly muttered, and stuck her foot out as Tasha strutted past. 
Down went Tasha, tumbling down the spiral incline until she hit the bottom of the stairs. She propped herself up on her elbows, but collapsed back down with a groan.
The Acolytes waited for Nancy to answer the usurper, but she was far too wily to risk a direct confrontation against one of the sisters, let alone the three of them together. She opened her mouth to speak, but decided she could only make things worse. 
Susan looked out at the bewildered Acolytes trying to come up with some kind of grand proclamation to mark the shift in power, but it was late and she was tired and she didn’t have the strength. “Show’s over.” 
Newton helped Clementine down from the stage. “Nice shooting Katniss. You good?”
“I’m good, she said, but pumped her bellows, anyway. The Needle-Guns Penelope supplied only fired one shot at a time and she wasn’t taking any chances. 
Newton called out to the others. “Grady?”
“I’m okay…” 
“Spider?”
“10-4…”
“Looks like our plan worked,” Newton said.
“Looks like Penelope’s plan worked,” Clementine said.
He was loathe to give her credit after the way she’d dispatched Clark Bent, but was grateful for her help, nonetheless. “Did ya see how close we got to that Blueberry’s feet without hitting ‘im? We’re getting good at this.”
“Don’t get cocky,” Clementine said.
They kept their weapons aimed at the Blue Berets but the confused mercenaries were the least of their worries. They were almost to the edge of the stage when cracking glass and tearing metal cut through the ambient chatter and silenced the crowd. 
“She musta started when the lens appeared,” Susan muttered, “She musta finished the spell ‘fore the…”
The Clones crawled out of the broken pods gaining confidence with each shaky stride. Muscles twitched and nerves spasmed, lingering symptoms of their alchemical baptism. 
“Get back!” Newton shouted, and opened fire on the mute golems. The blast should have turned their leathery hides into hamburger but the needles only buried themselves halfway in, sticking out like quills. 
“Ain’t workin’!” Clementine shouted, and pulled Newton up on stage beside her.
Grady fired while Spider pumped, then pumped while Spider fired. The storm of needles ripped the scenery to shreds but didn’t slow the Clones.
“No use!” Grady said, and followed Spider up the steps.
Bell marshaled the Blue Berets, but they were no match for the Clones hand to hand. A few of the men got to their guns, but the bullets were just as ineffective as the needles, angering the Clones but not slowing them down.
They regrouped and retreated, scrambling back through the twin Sphinxes toward the choppers while they could.
A handful of Acolytes broke for the ruined Speaker Wall, but the jumbled black blocks impeded their getaway. Those that remained climbed the stage, crawling over each other like ants in a desperate attempt to escape.
The Clones crashed against the edge of the stage, a torrent of flailing fists and gnashing teeth breaking and parting like waves before starting all over again. Born into confusion, they wanted answers for questions they didn’t know how to ask yet.
“What’s that sound?” Penelope asked. “Where’s it coming from?”
Lucy strained her ears to listen. “I hear it, too. Sounds like…”
“Track thirteen,” Susan said.
The crippled Stinger wobbled through the pavilion’s fragmented colonnade, blasting the song through its hissing speakers. 
The alien hymn tore through the Clone’s ranks, triggering something akin to an allergic reaction. 
“They’re goin’ plum crazy like last time!” Susan said, “Just like when Jamphibian heard ‘Pop Goes the Weasel’ at the Windmill way back when!” 
Even in their altered states, their instinct for self-preservation remained. The Clones fell back, retreating into Sandcastle City’s tunnels rather than endure another agonizing second. 
The Stinger’s speakers crackled and hissed and the song wound down. Gas vented from the engine, the dying breath of a dying machine. 
The canopy opened with a mechanical groan and Drew climbed out of the pilot’s seat. He took a few steps before exhausting the last of his adrenaline and slumped to the ground on one knee.
***
The raggedy parade limped past the sphinxes, a procession of skittish refugees anxious to put as much distance between themselves and Sandcastle City as possible. The ex-Acolytes comforted each other while trying to understand what happened. They complained. They sobbed. But most of them just wanted to go home. 
While they were despondent, a handful of survivors scattered among them were anything but.
“Who grabbed ya?”
“Did they torture ya?”
“Where were ya?”
“Where’d ya get the sweet ride?”
Drew wasn’t sure where to start, so they started for him. 
“Dude, tell him ‘bout Lazy-Eye Susan’s house exploding!” Grady said.
But Spider favored the intervention. “Better start with how we scared Mickey-D straight.”
“Tell him ‘bout the dogfight with the choppers!” Clementine said. “That’s totally the best part!” 
Newton bowed his head in remembrance. “Don’t forget ‘bout Clark Bent, may he rest in peace.”
They chronicled their time apart in breathless bursts, starting with their bus-stop escape and ending with his spectacular crash-landing inside the amphitheater.
It was quite a story, and all of it might have been true. But Drew had his own unbelievable story to tell. “After Runyon grabbed me…”
“Runyon?” Newton said, “That mustache jerk from the island?”
“Yeah,” Drew said. “After he grabbed me, I woke up in the chair…”
“Like at Bixby?” Clementine asked.
“Like at Bixby,” Drew said. “Then everything blew-up. Crawled outta the basement into this ghost town. And then…”
“And then?” Spider asked.
The words dangled before him but Drew couldn’t quite reach them. But worse were the ethereal images flickering past his mind’s eye, blurred and out of focus. Something happened between the time he broke free of the chair and crashed into the amphitheater. “I can’t remember.”
“Dude, maybe ya hit your head,” Grady said. “Maybe ya got a concussion when you crashed your sweet ride.”
Drew walked his fingertips over his skull searching for an obvious wound but didn’t find any. “Damn!”
His phone slipped out of his pocket during the frantic self-examination, bouncing against the hardpan ground. 
Grady dusted it off for him. “The glass cracked. Kinda looks like the scar I got on my…”
“A scar is better than bleeding,” Drew said. “Wait…Where’d she go?”
“Who?” Clementine asked.
“Deneese,” he said. 
“Denise?” Clementine said. “She’s in D.C. with the rest of…”
“No, Deneese,” Drew said, “the girl who…”
“What girl?” Grady asked.
Drew searched the meandering assemblage but didn’t see her. “The one who hitched a ride with me…She was just…”
“Mighta gone on one of the buses,” Spider said. 
The first bus was gone by the time they made it back through the sphinxes. More followed, one after another until the psychedelic exodus stretched across the lonely interstate in both directions.
“Maybe she snuck on board when nobody was looking,” Drew muttered. Maybe the ride aboard the Stinger shook her up worse than he thought.
Clementine put her hands on his shoulders, turning him the other direction. “Dunno where your boo went, but there’s another chick I know that’s looking for ya.” 
She’d been gone almost four years, and by that measure Drew had known her memory longer than he’d known her. His throat got dry and his feet grew heavy, and the fear that the idea of the reunion might be better than the reunion itself pushed all other thoughts out of his mind.
He shuffled toward her, his awkward gait bringing him within just a few feet. He wasn’t sure whether to hug her or not, but Lazy-Eye Susan was. She wrapped her arms around him and kissed him on his forehead. 
“Just look at ya,” she said. “You’re almost all growed-up.”
“Didn’t think we’d be seeing ya ‘round no more,” he said.
“Hain’t getting rid of me that easy,” she said.
She condensed four years away into just a few sentences, a remarkable feat for a storyteller like her. But what she told him about Frost left him more confused than ever. He owed his life to his sworn enemy, but reconciling the Frost she knew with the one responsible for Harley’s death wasn’t something he was ready for.
“Best to let it go,” she said. 
“Can’t.” 
“He’s gone,” she said. “There ain’t no more Boogeyman hiding in the dark.”
His expression changed, the emotion draining from his face. “There’s worse things than him hiding in the dark.” 
His enigmatic response troubled her, but she couldn’t disagree.
Drew snapped out of his stupor, looking past her to the winding path leading back to the amphitheater. Penelope and Lucy stood waiting with the handful of Acolytes who’d sworn loyalty to Susan, the wheat among the chaff. 
“What happened to…” 
“Nancy? She got away in the confusion,” Susan said. “Reckon she had herself some kinda escape plan…Her and that gal with pink braids.”
Their absence was victory enough. Camaro was dead and with no more Enzyme Seven to mine, there’d be no more EZ8 in their school or any other.
They stepped back to let a pixie-faced Acolyte shepherd a line of Clones back toward the amphitheatre. The docile brutes followed her flute, charmed by her sonorous lullaby, and even the blood-spattered Thingamajig struggled to keep up.
He’d seen the fragments of gleaming vinyl scattered across the stage when he crawled out of the Stinger and knew what their condition meant. “Can ya fix ‘em? Put ‘em back into their bodies?”
 “Reckon ya can always undo whatever was did before,” she sighed, “but there hain’t no instruction manual for this kinda thing.”
“Guess ya got a lotta work to do,” Drew said.
“Days…Weeks…Months…Years.”
“Guess this is it then,” he said.
“For now,” she agreed. “But who knows what the cards hold?”
***
Drew woke with a jolt. 
It’d been so long since he’d slept that consciousness became an unwelcome interruption. He listened to the rumbling road for a few seconds before remembering he was curled up in the back of the Winnebago.
“Bad dream?” Grady asked.
“Ever dream about that night on the coaster when everything went down?” Drew said. 
“Ya mean back on Transylvania Island?” 
“Yeah.”
“Used to,” Grady answered, “but not anymore.”
“Me neither,” Drew said. 
He felt around for the binder and found it right where he’d left it. There wasn’t much he could do with the information inside, so he tiptoed through the slumber party clogging the aisle. 
Grady leaned back against the bathroom door to let him pass. There wasn’t much room to move, but that wasn’t what was keeping him awake.
They’d taken one of the ex-Acolytes aboard as a passenger, the same hippy chick who sold Molly the candy bar at the convention center. 
“Do ya mind?” she asked. 
Grady didn’t. He let her lean up against him while she tried to sleep. Tears in her gown left her shoulder exposed and her bare skin pressed against his. He snaked his arm out around her slender waist and…
Spider crouched down beside him. “Bater…That’s Portuguese for getting slapped.”
His admonition stirred Clementine across the aisle. Her face reddened when she realized she’d drifted off with her head on Newton’s shoulder. “Sorry.”
“Just watch it,” Newton said, but the truth was he didn’t mind. 
Drew turned toward the bunk bed where Molly kept a vigil at Ivan’s side. “Seems like we should work out some kinda commission if we keep feeding ya stories.”
“Seems fair,” Molly agreed. “How’s ten percent sound?”
“You gotta deal,” Drew said. “He gonna be okay?”
She squeezed Ivan’s hand. “The bandages make it look worse than it is.” 
“Guess ya got the exclusive on this—again,” Drew said.
“Yeah…”
Her casual indifference was unexpected. She should have been rehearsing her Emmy acceptance speech. How come she wasn’t?
“Because I can’t connect the dots…”
He knew there was something profound in what she’d said but wasn’t sure what it was. “Ya got pictures…ya got video…even eyewitnesses…Ya can’t just…”
“My General Manager said I reminded him of a reporter he used to work with…Jack McGee.”
“Who?”
“Had to Google him,” Molly said. “You ever watch the Incredible Hulk?”
“No.”
“Used to be on TV back in the Seventies, even before I was born. Anyway, they still run old episodes every once in a while on Sci-Fi channel or something.”
“Cartoon or…”
“Live-action,” she said. “But anyway, you know the premise?”
Drew guessed. “Big green guy goes nuts?” 
“Pretty much,” she said. “But there’s this reporter chasing the Hulk all across the country…”
“Jack McGee?”
“Jack McGee,” she agreed. “And he keeps showing up one day too late to catch the Hulk or get any kind of evidence.”
“How’s he keep his job?” Drew said. 
“That’s what I’m thinking,” she said. “How do you miss a seven foot-tall green guy stomping around in broad daylight?”
“Don’t know,” he said, “How?”
“Because that’s what the script says.”
He kept silent for a moment to give her the impression he’d contemplated her philosophical insight. “Maybe this’ll help.” 
She opened the binder, but wasn’t sure she got the joke. “Empty…” 
“Empty?”
“What was supposed to be in it?” she asked.
He felt the blood rush to his head. “She switched ‘em…That’s why she...”
“Who switched ‘em?” Molly asked. “What’d she switch?”
“She musta done it right after we landed,” he said, but he knew the con started with the kiss.
“Who ya talking ‘bout?” Molly asked.
But that was just it, he didn’t know. 
“You alright, kid?”
“Yeah,” he said. “Still waking up.”
He’d been played, but he wasn’t angry. His amazement at the ease with which she’d manipulated him tempered his rage. Deneese got what she wanted, but why’d she want it? 
He heard the Old Man clear his throat before he saw him and tensed up. Seeing him under any circumstances made him nervous. Seeing him after blowing-up Bixby especially so. 
Drew wove his way through the aisle and slid into the empty passenger seat to pay his respects. “Principal Hoyt…”
The Old Man’s neck brace kept him from turning his head in acknowledgement. “Don’t suppose you were anywhere near Bixby Elementary a few days ago?”
Drew kept his eyes on the undulating road in front of him. “No, what happened?”
“Never mind,” Hoyt said. “Just making conversation.” 
The setting moon and rising sun shared the same hazy tangerine sky, providing a welcome respite from the conversation both felt obligated to continue. But then a light flashed at the lunar pole, a brilliant flare appearing where none should be.
“What was that?” Hoyt asked. 
“Some kinda explosion,” Drew said.
“Must be a meteor,” Hoyt grunted.
Drew watched the light burn bright for a few seconds before fading, leaving a lingering glow as proof he hadn’t imagined it. He sensed the fireworks they’d witnessed were the opening salvo of something much more terrifying to come, but wasn’t sure why.
CHAPTER 17
The blizzard from the night before kept the city busy shoveling, letting the waifish girl wander the congested streets unimpeded. The hoodie shaded Deneese’s face, helping her blend in among the snow-weary pedestrians who couldn’t care less about the strange girl humming to herself.
The explosion leveled most of Bixby Elementary at the moment of detonation, but remnants of the steel skeleton remained, propped up by mounds of fractured brick. Heat from the blast melted the snow but sub-freezing temperatures flash-froze it back again, leaving a snapshot of the aftermath rendered in black ice. 
“Beautiful,” she hummed. 
She stepped through the gray ashes and descended into the scorched ruins. Shafts of blue light stabbed through the ponderous space, punctuating the stark contrast between light and shadow. And though she couldn’t see anybody, she could feel herself being watched. 
Deneese didn’t expect the Botkins to be there, but didn’t question their presence within his majesty’s subterranean court. Their regent stared back at her from the shadows, scaly skin glistening in the dismal light. He considered her from behind burning red eyes set deep beneath a heavy orbital ridge, deciding whether to grant her an audience or kill her. 
“The time has come,” Deneese announced.
Harley crept between the shadows, his heavy thorax balanced by a spiny tail held upright like a rudder. He navigated the darkness with the ease of someone well-used to it, banished from the daylight by those unlike him. “Who you?”
She waited for the Botkin’s beeping and clicking to end before answering. Translating his words into their language slowed the dialog, but alliances came with concessions. 
“Call me Deneese,” she said.
 “How you find us?” he growled.
Us. She wasn’t sure how much of Harley remained inside after Enzyme Seven took hold, now she knew; the symbiosis was complete, but not absolute.
 “Enzyme Seven leaves an indelible signature,” she said, “We can track it across...”
Harley’s sinews tightened. “We?”
“We,” she said. “But I came alone.”
“What you want?”
“I don’t blame you for not trusting me,” she said, “but destroying the contaminated sites up wasn’t our idea.”
Harley snorted. “Don’t care…”
“I think you do…”
“Why?”
“Because you were the target,” she said “You and those like you. And you’ll need our help to survive what’s yet to come.” 
“What kind help?”
She took her glasses off and Deneese disappeared, but the girl didn’t. The birthmark splitting her face into almost equal halves would have taken anybody else aback, but Harley wasn’t anybody else. 
“See you before,” he snarled.
The injuries he’d suffered on Transylvania Island almost killed him, but instead of dying he slept until he woke in the sewers beneath Bixby. She’d haunted his nights since, but the dream always ended before he could hear the secret she whispered in Drew’s ear.
“But you little girl in dream.”
“A little girl then,” she said, “a teenager now, an old woman tomorrow. But I think I like this face best.” 
“Why mask?”
Her eyes shifted from the Hypno-Specs back to him. How could she explain the value of subterfuge to someone whose currency was brute force? “I crashed over New Mexico and had to…” 
“Spy,” he chuffed.
“Someone sent me to be their eyes,” she agreed, “just like you sent the Botkins to be yours.”
She reached for her backpack but the Botkins fell into a protective phalanx around their warlord. 
Deneese waited for Harley’s approval. He grunted and the Botkins retreated.
She showed him the floppies she swiped from Doctor Jagger’s binder. 
Harley remained unmoved by her offering. “What those are?”
 She fanned them out like a deck of cards, shuffling them across the debris. “Names and addresses…”
“Whose?”
“Survivors...like you,” she hummed. 
He listened to her for a few seconds before recognizing the tune. It was the same song he’d heard just before Bixby collapsed around him. “You play the music…”
“An invitation to some, a warning to others,” she said. 
“What you want?”
“I’ve got a message for you,” she said.
He’d been chosen, but he didn’t know why. He was supposed to do something, but he didn’t know what. So he waited for something to happen, and now she had. 
Harley’s back bowed, forcing his cobby head lower. His mouth opened into something like a grin, sharpened canines stabbing past his jaw like daggers. “What the message?”
She called him in closer with her finger and whispered in his ear. “Rise.” 



