


For the King


Kiera Carpenter

FOR THE KING TEXT © 2015 Kiera Carpenter
Cover Art © 2015 Kiera Carpenter
Cover Font by Roland Huse
All Rights Reserved
Contents

Title Page

Copyright Page

Dedication

Prologue
They Left Me Breathing

One
The Day Life Begins

Two
Dueling in the Dawn

Three
The Familiar Stranger

Four
A War is Approaching

Five
Perpetua

Six
The Firelight Dance

Seven
The Fort

Eight
The Boy on the Roof

Nine
Morning Mayhem

Ten
Fighting in the Flames

Eleven
Berwyn’s Tale

Twelve
The Ocran Outlaw

Thirteen
Let Me Do This

Fourteen
The First Day

Fifteen
I Thought He Was Dead

Sixteen
Adira Resurrected

Seventeen
The Only Way

Eighteen
Oldest Friend

Nineteen
A Moonlit Farewell

Twenty
The Statue Above the Sea

Twenty-one
What Happened That Day

Twenty-two
Do You Swear

Twenty-three
The Letter

About the Author

This book is dedicated to my King, 
from whom all blessings flow.

It was not by their sword that they won the land,
nor did their arm bring them victory;
it was your right hand, your arm,
and the light of your face,
for you loved them.
Psalm 44:3
Prologue   |   They Left Me Breathing
I could hear the loud procession from where I lay cradling my broken ribs. Trumpets were blasting but no one was cheering. The children were too scared of him. 
Of Orjak.
He was touring the entire kingdom of Magdiel so people may put a face with his terrifying name. It would be his first and only appearance. After that he couldn’t very well traipse through the villages without a league of protection. He had rallied the serfs and overthrown the monarchy after all. A lot of people wanted his head.
Though I suppose Orjak’s followers weren’t serfs anymore. My parents dissolved serfdom during their reign a few years before. They didn’t want men and their children tied to one piece of land any longer, or suffering under the corrupt noble that owned it. So my father cleared the serfs’ debts and allowed them to become paid land tenants instead.
But earning a wage wasn’t enough for the serfs. They had been given a taste of freedom and they wanted more. And when more didn’t come, they rebelled. They followed Orjak, the man who promised them fortune and power. The man who had magic at his disposal and wealth at his fingertips. The man who proudly called his followers the Fallen. I couldn’t tell you why. Perhaps because they had fallen from the king’s graces. Maybe they were celebrating their descent into rebellion and chaos.
Either way, they were falling.
Did the serfs know their leader would reinstate nobles and crack the whip harder than ever before? Or that he would build up a ruthless army and persecute the poor? I don’t know. But it was too late by the time they grew wise. Orjak had already ordered the assassination of my family. The deed had already been carried out. On my tenth birthday, no less.
His march was a couple days after the assassinations. Everyone in the kingdom was required to watch him pass by their village accompanied by his faithful disciples who trotted beside his horse waving their Fallen banners. They ordered onlookers to bow to their redeemer, the man who saved them from a corrupt sovereign.
Nobody believed this lie. My parents were caring rulers and the people wept bitterly in the wake of their death. The realm knew that its future, once bright, was now a dark haze of uncertainty, fear and probably death.
Windum, our realm’s Guardian on Ergan Peak, had all but abandoned us. He cared more about the land’s wealth than the dictators controlling it. He lied to the other realms’ Guardians about the state of our kingdom. Guardians whose powers and armies could have protected countless lives. But they didn’t know. They sent no reinforcements.
We were alone.
I’ll never forget the look on Aden’s face when he returned home from the march. I was still a stranger to him back then but he wanted to tell someone about the procession and it couldn’t be his grandmother. She had forbidden him to go. He snuck out while she was sleeping.
Aden arrived in time to see Orjak in the distance with his back bent forward, ordering a man to kneel. I don’t know what happened next because Aden couldn’t get the words out. Whatever it was made him run home in fear.
My hatred for the Fallen was already blinding. They had taken everything from me. My family. My home. My future. But knowing they were parading their tyranny in front of children—many of whom would die by their hands one day—made my body ache with an abhorrence I didn’t think possible in such a young body.
How strange it is that I can still feel it today. The pulsating hatred. The urge to yell out. The desire to even the scales. They’re always here, as constant as my shadow. They wait in frenzied expectation for the approaching hour. 
A war is coming, you see. When I finally take my place on the battlefront, I’ll make the Fallen assassins wish they tried harder to kill me that day. They thought they had carried out their orders but they were wrong.
They left me breathing.
One   |   The Day Life Begins
I watch my breath rise in a plume of frost. It hangs in the air for a moment, alive, then vanishes as if it had never been there at all. I reach up when another ghost escapes my mouth, determined to catch this elusive friend— 
Cracking branches break the silence of the night. 
I sit up and peer through the darkness but all I see are two sleeping bodies across the room. I keep my eyes on these comforting silhouettes, mesmerized by the rising and falling of their chests, and slowly lie back down. Surely the noise I heard was a small scavenging animal. It’s too late for a Fallen patrol and the dangerous beasts in this forest reside much deeper within. 
I touch my nose with shivering hands. It might as well be an icicle. I could climb in with Rhoda but her tiny body wouldn’t provide much heat. Besides, she sleeps soundly on her own. Her worsening ailments distract her from the sting of freezing nights.
Instead I hug my knees to my chest and wonder what time it is. It was long after supper and evening tea when I laid down to sleep. Yes, it must be past midnight by now. 
Today is my twentieth birthday.
A tiny spark of happiness ignites inside me, growing until it engulfs the sadness that usually inhabits my heart. It warms me from the inside out. Because I made it ten extra years. Ten more than I was supposed to have. Ten more than they got.
I shift on my cot and feel for the handkerchief I keep under my thin pillow of feathers. I pull the dainty cloth from its place to look at it in the moonlight filtering through the cracked and frosted window. The thin fabric is decorated with an ocean shore and flight of birds, with stitches of vibrant blues, purples and golds. Each thread was meticulously sewn by my mother’s graceful hand. It’s a miracle it remains free of blood and dirt after all this time.
I put the handkerchief back in its place under my head and spend the next hour watching images flicker behind my eyes, changing like the books whose pages you flip to see the drawings move.
Tall grass swaying in the browning meadows.
Selling vegetables at our booth in town.
My last dueling session with Berwyn.
The look I get from other girls when they see me walking down the street in muddy clothes.
Darkness overtakes their scowling faces and spreads behind my heavy eyelids. Distant distorted shapes take form and the first dream begins.
 
§     §     §
 
A blanket of snow is falling outside but our cottage is comfy and aglow with firelight. I’m kneeling in front of Rhoda, who’s sitting in her rocking chair. She combs my hair like she used to do when I was young and we discuss news from town. Aden comes through the door with a fresh trundle of firewood and puts water on to boil.
My body relaxes and I feel myself smile at this precious moment. At the two living people I love most. My second family.
But then my dream shifts and I feel the serenity begin to fade. Everything gets darker—the firelight, the shadows—and that’s how I know. I’m about to enter one of my nightmares. I beg Rhoda and Aden to stay, to protect me. They don’t. They dissolve away.
I’m walking through the forest now.
I use my sword to cut bushes out of my way as I gather flowers for Rhoda. I cross through a wall of hanging branches and suddenly I’m inside a timber fort with no gates leading out.  Before me lies a troop of Fallen soldiers sleeping on the bare ground. My dreaming body gasps when I see one of them wearing my father’s crown.
Rage and hatred wash over me like breaking waves. Dropping the flowers I gathered, I charge and slay everyone in my path as they lay unassuming and defenseless in the dirt. But there’s one man I didn’t anticipate and he’s coming from behind. The faceless man with the iron arms. The one who haunts me both when I sleep and walk in the world of the living.
I yell out but nobody comes because they’re all lying dead at my feet. The man wraps his arms around me and begins squeezing the air out of my chest. I hear my ribs cracking, the same ones he fractured ten years ago, and fight against the pain so consuming it must be real.
Dream and reality blur together and I can’t tell if this is really happening. I scream for help with the last bit of breath I think I have. 
The earthquake starts.
Trees are falling in every direction and our bodies are shaken to the ground. When my face collides with the blood-soaked dirt, my eyes fly open and I see the roof of the cottage once more.
 
§     §     §
 
Air won’t come quickly enough.
I inhale and reach up to hit my attacker but he’s not there. A tear rolls down my cheek as I sit up to look over at Rhoda, who remains fast asleep. She’s starting to go deaf so I don’t rouse her as often as I used to.
I rarely make it to the earthquake. Awakened by my breathless screams, Aden is usually here to pull me out before it begins. But it happened too late this time and he’s no longer in his bed. He left early this morning to press wheat at the mill and deliver flour to the village baker.  
A dim and clouded daylight pokes through the windowpane, telling me I slept too late. I’ve lost valuable minutes to train before picking vegetables from the garden to sell in town this week.
I swing my feet over the cot, wincing when they knock over an ink jar and step on a quill, breaking it in half. Rhoda grunts but doesn’t wake, so I touch my bare feet to the frozen floor again and stand. This sends another current down my spine as I lean forward to light our only candle.
Its tiny orange flicker is just bright enough to reveal my boots lying beneath my narrow cot. I pull them up over my leather trousers, tie my corseted vest over my thin white blouse, and throw my heavy cloak over my shoulders. It blocks the wind whistling through the cracks in the wooden walls but leaves my face exposed to the winter air.
I finish this daily routine by fastening my gold hair with some twine and blowing out the candle. I look through the spiral of wafting smoke to see the door creaking open and Aden entering quietly, his hair coated in a powdery layer of flour. His eyes are red with exhaustion and he stifles a yawn before looking at his sleeping grandmother.
I grab his sling from its hook on the wall and make my way to him. “Get some sleep,” I whisper, pointing to his bed.
“Why are you still here, Shiloh?”
Shiloh. This isn’t the name my parents gave me. They christened me Adira. Princess Adira. Their only child.
I adopted the name Shiloh soon after the attack. If the Fallen had known I was still alive, a ransom would’ve been on my head and I wouldn’t have lasted a day. So Rhoda gave me the name of her sister who died as a young girl and I was kept hidden for a few months. I lead a normal life now, or as normal as it can be considering I remain a fugitive the Fallen don’t know they should be hunting.
“I slept longer than usual,” I shrug, inching past him towards the door.
“The fort dream?”
I stop and face him. “I’m fine.”
He looks at me doubtfully.
“Really, I am. Get some sleep,” I say again.
I watch him walk to his cot that’s too short for him before I step into the waning dawn. I gently pull the door closed behind me and let the familiar smells of frozen mud and pine spread through my body like a remedy.
I cross Rhoda’s colorful garden and look down at the leaves and intertwining vines. I wish we could indulge in these vegetables, if only they weren’t our source of livelihood. Somehow Rhoda coaxes them to grow even in the dead of winter. If magic weren’t forbidden in our realm I would swear she knew a spell or two.
I step over our low fence of split logs and make my way to the trees beyond. We live in a clearing that’s near the edge of the forest, only fifty yards from the main road and the miles of farmland that make up this region. Our pocket of the forest only fits a one-room cottage, garden, fire pit and small shed. It’s a tight fit but also hidden from the paths that wind through the outskirts of the woods. Apart from the suspicious animal tracks we come across from time to time, we don’t really mind living among the trees. We’re able to find our own meat and Rhoda is saved the embarrassment of being too poor to buy food in town. 
I’ve just reached the wall of foliage blocking my way to the forest’s middle when I hear the door creaking open behind me. I turn to see Aden’s tall form approaching in the morning mist.
“What are you doing?”
“I could use some extra practice,” he answers lightly, passing me and taking the lead.
The two of us duel every evening but it’s not often that Aden joins me to train in the morning. He’s usually too tired after work so I’m left to my own devices. I borrow his sling to practice my aim and I use my sword to spar with the unarmed trees.
But I know why he’s coming this morning. He knows I had the dream. He knows that today marks ten years.
He holds out a hand to help me climb a log crossing over a frozen creek. This is a reflex of his—a result of being Rhoda’s grandson. She taught him to be a gentleman after his mother died when he was eight. His father had long abandoned them by then.
Aden was forced to grow up quickly. Forced to take on responsibilities that were never his to bear. And he accepted them without complaint. Even now he doesn’t talk for talking’s sake. His words are always purposeful and thought through. Mine just tumble out of my mouth whenever they feel like it. 
That’s not to say Aden is always easy to like. He expects a lot from me. He frustrates me. He’s impossible to read. Yet all of this comes with the territory when you agree to put your trust—your life—in someone else’s hands. A willing exchange we made long ago. 
I shake my head at his gesture and pull myself onto the tall log. He accepts my arm to help him up. “Happy birthday by the way,” he says. 
I smile in thanks and run across the trunk, doing a flip off the end and landing steadily on both feet. “Today is much more than a birthday,” I breathe. He stops and weighs my words. He thinks I’m talking about my parents, a subject I usually keep inside my own head. “We can finally enlist in the Redemption,” I explain quickly.
He mirrors my smile. “Today our lives truly begin.”   
I look up and see the sun shining through a crack in the sea of clouds. “Yes, they do.” 
I’ve spent the last ten years being haunted. Haunted by regret and anger but mostly sorrow. They’re strongest around the time of my birthday. But this year is different. This year I’m being offered one merciful gift: Aden and I can finally put a decade of training to use by enlisting in the Redemption, an army that was formed to fight Orjak’s tyranny just weeks after his coup.
The Redemption only allows people over the age of twenty to join their numbers. Now it has finally come. My twentieth birthday. The day I’ve been waiting for since the moment I first wielded my father’s sword. Left wedged in his chest, the Fallen would allow him to be buried with it at least.  
Aden could have enlisted two years ago but he continued working to save money for Rhoda. She’ll need something to live off once we leave for the army. I suspect his delay is more due to our unspoken promise to join together as fighting partners. Neither of us would be as strong alone and we’d be foolish to think otherwise, especially since Orjak’s army is growing larger every day. Fallen soldiers march into villages to take one of every two boys on their sixteenth birthday, often tearing them from the arms of their family. The lucky ones are those like Aden, who wasn’t selected from the census when that frightful birthday arrived. It was the only time I’ve seen him cry of relief. The only time I’ve seen him cry at all.
Other men in Magdiel found ways to avoid the draft altogether. They claim illness, run away or would rather kill themselves than join the Fallen. Some even succeed in dodging the census and remaining unnoticed until they can join the Redemption. It offers some protection from the patrolling Fallen. Protection until the war, that is.
War. A word that shouldn’t bring relief to my heart but does all the same.
For months there have been whispers of its approach. The Redemption didn’t used to pose much of a threat against the Fallen but its influence has been growing stronger of late. The Fallen’s large numbers can’t seem to dampen the spirit of revolt growing in Magdiel.
Members of the Redemption travel across the land in disguise, recruiting people and empowering the villagers to fight back. And they do. But their villages pay dearly for it. Now it’s only a matter of time before Orjak declares war and the two armies finally meet.
I must be in that war. How else will I be granted access to the men who killed my parents? I’m determined to return the favor.
“I’ve been keeping my ear to the ground,” Aden says. 
I look up. “What have you heard?” 
“Recruiters will be passing through this region any day now. That will be our chance to sign up for the journey to Headquarters or at least get the password to enter it ourselves.”
A shiver travels down my body that has nothing to do with the cold breeze. “We’re finally going to enter those gates,” I say. “Though given the choice, I would rather have the guidance of a Redemption soldier than travel to Headquarters on our own.”
Aden nods. “The more swords the better when it comes to traveling in this forest.”
The Redemption Headquarters is located on an island off the western shore of the Pepolah Ocean. It used to be part of the mainland back when it supported a grand fortress a few hundred years ago. The ocean water rose over the decades or maybe the land sunk, so the only way to the crumbling castle today is on a narrow tombolo.
Getting to that remote part of the ocean shore is easier said than done. The quickest route is through Haed Forest, whose edges are usually safe. We’ve never encountered the beasts of legend this close to the main road. But only the truly dedicated travel to the Redemption by going through the bowels of the woods. 
It’s not just darkness they find in here.
Two   |   Dueling in the Dawn
We enter the clearing where we’ve trained for years. It’s just wide enough for two people to duel and the surrounding trees are easy to climb in case we hear something coming.
We warm up our arms by taking turns with his sling. We give each other nearly impossible targets and laugh at the misses. Then we take our dueling positions and our grins disappear. His eyes narrow and my muscles tense up. We’re both tired but neither of us likes to lose.
“Do your worst,” I say.
He smiles. “For you I will.”
He fights admirably but I have the upper hand for the first two matches. I’m quicker than him and have a knack for finding his weak spots.
When his strength overpowers me and he wins the third and fourth rounds, I beg him for one more match. It becomes the longest we’ve had in ages. Finally, with our blades locked and both of us refusing to budge, I get my leg behind his knee and trip him to the ground.
I reach down to help him to his feet. “You didn’t let me win because it’s my birthday, did you?”
“I’m too bloody proud to let you win,” he says edgily, “and you know it.” 
I smile and watch his disappointment fade as he catches his breath. He returns his sword to its sheath and says, “Let’s look for some dinner.”
I follow him out of the clearing and half-heartedly peer for animals as we walk in the direction of the cottage. The chance of finding one is small and it’s been a week since we’ve had meat to eat. The season is cruel that way.
Aden draws his sling despite the absent wildlife. I watch him grip its hilt and recall Rhoda giving it to him when he turned old enough to look for game in the forest. She didn’t have money to buy him a sword so this was all she could offer—the only possession she had of her late husband’s. A man she never mentioned again.
Aden mastered the sling within a year and went on to become the best shot in the province. He’s replaced the rope and leather pouch many times but the foot-long oak hilt remains as sturdy as ever. He finally bought a sword a few years back and I wasn’t surprised to find that he’s skilled with a blade too. It just never became an extension of his arm like his sling. 
But while Aden looks at the sling and sees the power it holds, I see something else. I see what others might overlook. I see the small symbol carved in the hilt. 
No bigger than a coin, it’s the shape is a diamond surrounded by encircling bands that intersect to form a pattern resolute yet graceful. And I can’t shake the feeling it was part my first life. Part of a memory that I just can’t remember.
So when a fair passed through town last year I knew what I wanted to do. I wanted my own totem of power. My own source from which to draw strength. Aden watched as I got the emblem tattooed on the back of my neck. 
Rhoda was the angriest I’ve ever seen her when I returned home with the tattoo. She told me to hide it from view and when I asked her why, she mumbled something like “It’s not fit for a lady.” I promised her I would keep it covered after that. Only when she leaves the cottage do I refasten my hair to let it show. But it’s here all the time. A faithful companion that watches but doesn’t judge. 
As we near the cottage I see Rhoda’s head bobbing behind the window. “How are we going to tell Rhoda about the Redemption?” I wonder out loud. 
“We’ll sit her down tonight when the celebration is over,” Aden says. He steps over the fence into our garden. “I don’t want to leave her but she’ll understand that we have to go. We’ll return for her when the war is over.”
His assurance sends a thought drifting across my mind. One that makes me stop plucking the ripe vegetables at my feet. One that I never worried about because enlisting always seemed so far away that it didn’t do well to consider the other way this war might end. Now that the day has come, it’s finally time to face this second possibility.
I hear myself speak. “What if we don’t make it to the end of the war?” 
 “You’ll make it,” he replies without hesitation. 
I pointedly ignore the fact that he said you’ll instead of we’ll.  
“Aden, we’re walking into battle. We must accept that we might not live through this.”
A moment of silence passes as we look at one another. Slowly he comes forward to stand over me with that familiar look on his face. I square my shoulders and prepare to have it out with him.
“You have the strength and thus the obligation to protect your kingdom, Adira.”
This gives me pause. Aden never uses my real name. “Don’t call me that,” I warn with attempted menace.
He ignores this and keeps speaking. “You’ll join the Redemption and you’ll survive. I believe this as deeply as I believe anything, and I know you do too. There’s no sense in fighting it because resisting your destiny is a duel even you can’t win.”
He goes quiet and waits for me to reply but I can’t think of anything to say. The faith in his voice made me speechless. So I just stare at him, my fighting partner. The man who’s no longer my height but at least a foot taller.
His ear-length brown hair, which is usually swept back with a bit of grease from the mill, is instead lying flat against his sweaty temples. Under his left eye on his cheekbone is a jagged narrow scar—a long-ago punishment from the father he never knew. It sits just above the scruff on his face that reminds me he’s no longer the young boy who found me dying on the road ten years ago. 
I look away from his brown eyes to fix my gaze on the sky above. “I’m going,” I say to the clouds. “I wouldn’t let the chance to fight pass me by.”
“Good,” he says, his body relaxing. “Neither of us will die, then. Agreed?”
I sigh but can’t stop myself from smiling a little. “Agreed.” 

§     §     §

We make our way to the front of the cottage and open the door to find Rhoda starting a fire in the hearth. “G’morning, you two.” She tries to regain her balance as she stands. “And happy birthday to my girl.”
“Thank you, Rhoda.” I kiss her cheek and notice that her skin is too warm for such a cold morning. “Are you feeling alright?”
“Like a spring chicken. Hand me that bucket, will you?”
I glance at Aden but he just shrugs. He’s convinced his grandmother will live forever even though she’s 74 years old and prone to sickness. Worry overcomes me as I think about the coming hour when we’ll leave her behind and travel to the Redemption.
“Are you inviting anyone to celebrate with us tonight?” she asks me. “I want to make sure we have enough wine and firewood.”
Wine is the only thing Rhoda makes sure we always have enough of, poverty be damned. 
I take a moment to consider her question. “I think I’ll go to the village and invite Yana and Tucker, Berwyn, and Habry. I haven’t seen Yana in far too long.” I walk over to my bed and remove my sword from my belt. “I’m going to the back to take a bath.”
“Use the last bit of soap,” Rhoda instructs.
I grab a piece of clean linen hanging from a strung wire. “I couldn’t,” I say with a shake of my head. “You need to take that soap with you when you travel to the fair next week.”
“What do you mean when I go? You’re coming too, or have you made other plans?” She laughs. “I know you’re turning twenty but are you already losing your memory?”
I chuckle feebly and mumble under my breath, hoping that she’ll take my laughter as affirmation. If all goes according to plan, Aden and I will be on our way to the Redemption Headquarters by then.
I snatch the small bar of soap from the windowsill and make my way outside again where the trees above me sway, brushing their neighbors. I turn the opposite direction of the garden and walk towards a large basin that sits a few dozen feet into the forest, hidden behind a cluster of bushes.
The container was recently filled with a dozen buckets of water and covered with burlap to keep out falling branches and needles. I remove the sheet and look down at the shallow pool before shedding my clothes. I try to keep my teeth from chattering as I step inside the freezing water.
I quickly scrub my dirty arms and face with the soap and fasten my hair into a low bun that covers my tattoo. I secure the twist with an ivory pin that I found along the road a few years ago, then blow at the hair that always refuses to stay in place.
My mind races as my body goes numb to the cold. I think about the coming day when I’ll journey to the place I’ve been dreaming of for years. I think about how I’ll finally fight and kill the men who made me an orphan. I think about how this is what I’ve always wanted.
But it isn’t. Not really.
To finally have it all behind me is what I really want. Revenge is the only thing I can think of that will make it all go away. The memories. The nightmares. Is it too much to ask for one night of sleep that’s free of murderous Fallen soldiers? Free of her blood-soaked gown and the sound of him fighting three men at once?
I force these thoughts away as I get out of the water and wrap myself in the linen to dry. As I get dressed and watch the water go still in the basin, I can’t help noticing that I look older than the last time I had a good look at my reflection. The olive skin that I inherited from my father is even darker, probably from the months I spent in the autumn sun selling vegetables. My hazel eyes seem to be more almond-shaped than round now, and my cheeks are full despite our sparse meals. I reach up to touch them and then move my fingers to my pink chapped lips that have cracked in the air.
I look like my mother.

 §     §     §

I halt when I hear bickering coming from the other side of the cottage door. I know what they’re fighting about before I even make sense of their angry words. Aden’s voice nearly knocks me over as I let myself in.
“I’m meant to be fighting, not searching for a wife!”
I step over the threshold and hasten to my bed, hoping that I might go undetected. I never get involved in this particular argument because I get enough of it from Rhoda myself. Aden usually takes it well, but not today it would seem. It doesn’t surprise me that he’s putting up a fight against her badgering today, the day we can finally leave Haed Forest to enlist.
I watch Rhoda round on him and begin the speech we’ve both heard from her a hundred times. “You’re not young anymore and must take responsibility for your life!” she shouts, her voice reproachful. “Most people your age are already married and living in town with respectable jobs. You cannot spend the rest of your days playing with swords and hoping the Fallen crosses your path!”
Aden stares at her for ten long seconds. I can see that he’s debating whether to yell at his grandmother or walk away. I stand rooted to my spot, looking from one face to the other. Both of their chins are quivering with anger.
“I’m going to chop wood,” Aden says finally. He spins on his heel, picks up the axe lying against the wall and slams the door behind him.
I turn and face Rhoda. “Let me get that for you. Why don’t you sit down and rest?” I grab the wineskin she’s holding and steer her to her rocking chair. “Rhoda, you have to let Aden do what he thinks is best. He just wants to protect you. We both do.”
When she doesn’t answer I leave her side and pick up the broom across the room. She calls my name a minute later and gestures for me to come back. I release the broom and return with a sigh. I sit at her feet and stare into the fire, just like I did in last night’s dream.
“Shiloh,” Rhoda begins softly. The fire crackles loudly before she speaks again. “My dear, I see darkness in your eyes. I know that today is not easy for you. I know you miss them now more than ever. But I fear you are giving over to the revenge that clouds your heart. I worry you’ll fight and die in this war, and it will be for the wrong reason.”
I look up to return her gaze, knowing it won’t do any good to fight her. “I’m fine, Rhoda,” I lie. “It’s a hard day for me, I’ll admit. I just want to enjoy my time with you and our friends.”
She shakes her head. “You can deny it until your face turns blue, my love. I know you’re itching to leave this place and find the men who killed your parents. I beg you’ll listen to an old woman who has seen her share of heartache: let what happened all those years ago drift away and think of it no more. It’s doing you no good.”
I look back at the orange flames. Forget what happened to my parents? Impossible.
“How?” I mutter.
“Forgive them.”
“I can’t forgive the men who killed my parents in front of me, Rhoda.”
“Look at me.” 
The tremor in her voice makes me jump. I turn to stare in her knowing eyes. She reaches out for my hand and grips my fingers with a strength I didn’t know she still had.
“Forgiving is not for the weak, Shiloh. Any fool can harbor hatred. But the strong choose to forgive because they know that hatred only poisons their own bodies. Do you think Orjak loses sleep because you hate him? No, my dear, you lose sleep because you hate him. You’re only hurting yourself.”
I withdraw my hand and stand. “That may be, but my parents deserve to have their memories honored.  If I finally want to move on with my life then I must find the men who killed them. There’s no other way.”
“There’s still time,” Rhoda whispers more to herself than to me. “Time to save yourself.”
I don’t answer but back up slowly until I’m gripping the broom on the other side of the room again. “I’ll do some sweeping then go to town to invite our guests.”
Rhoda nods her head slightly and asks me to pour her some wine. I give her a small cup so that her head won’t be fuzzy. I continue pushing dirt out the door until I hear her soft voice drift over a few minutes later. I look over to find her eyes closed, her head resting to one side and the empty cup hanging in her hand.
“You’re too compassionate, Shiloh. I know you’ll do right in the end.” Silence ensues. Then her last sentences reach my ears. “You’ll learn that people will hurt you. Life will hurt you. Even you will hurt you. The only way to move forward is to forgive others. Forgive yourself. Life will overcome you if you don’t.”
I stand, motionless, and watch her drift into sleep. Though spoken softly, her words ring loudly in my head, echoing the ghost of my mother who I’ve imagined saying the same thing. 
Have forgiveness. Offer mercy. Demonstrate the traits of a princess.
But forgiveness and mercy didn’t save her life when the moment of death was upon her. They provided no shield to block the approaching arrow. They summoned no armor to protect my father’s chest. What good were they?
So I will fight and kill in my parents’ names. Offering my own life is a necessary sacrifice. And if I perish, I perish.
I go to Rhoda’s bed and pick up her patched wool blanket. I cross over to her and lay it over her tiny legs.
“I’ll be back soon,” I whisper.
Three   |   The Familiar Stranger
I consider asking Aden to join me on my walk to town but I know he won’t want to come. I hate it when he and Rhoda fight. It leaves me feeling like my loyalties have been compromised. Aden grows sullen and Rhoda becomes an inebriated mess.
So I’m surprised when Aden calls my name when I reach the path leading out of the forest. I turn around and catch his sling when he tosses it to me from across the garden. We don’t make it a habit of flaunting our swords in town. When it comes to the patrolling Fallen, a sling appears less threatening.
“Just in case,” Aden says. 
“Just in case,” I nod.
I continue through the woods towards Ringdum Road, the path that encircles all of Haed Forest. It has branching avenues that lead to all the villages in Magdiel. Rhoda once told me to imagine the forest is the sun, Ringdum Road as the rim around the sun, and the branching paths as the sun’s rays that go outward in all directions. I’ve always liked that picture.
I cross over the final bushes and step onto the road. It’s engulfed in a heavy fog floating a few feet above the ground. The sound of the forest’s rustling foliage has disappeared and now all I hear is a deafening silence. A beautiful silence.
I peer into the distance. On a clear day I would be able to see Hundman Village a mile away. It’s the town nearest our humble home and where I do much of my vegetable selling. I turn right to walk towards the branching lane that will take me there.
“LOOK OUT!”
I start and throw myself backwards off the road. The fog, so dense, hid me from view and muffled the sound of an oncoming rider. 
I catch my breath as the man passes and gets control of his horse by wrenching on the reins. He halts a few feet ahead and looks back at me. “That was close, eh? Are you alright?”
I always get nervous when people take notice of me—a hazard of having to be anything other than your true identity. 
I don’t answer him, but instead get to my feet and regard the man through curious eyes. He must be only a few years older than me but he’s wearing a set of nobleman’s clothes and has a decorative sword strapped to his hip. Yet he’s too young to be a noble and he wouldn’t be talking to me if he were a Fallen soldier… 
The man returns my stare with his own inquisitive expression. His eyes pass over my face as if they’re searching for something. “May I offer you a ride to town?” he asks after a few moments. “Or perhaps to the fields?”
I glance down at my leather pants, muddied boots and fraying cloak. “I’m not a farmer,” I say, looking up but avoiding his eyes. I’m forced to correct people on this point at least once a week.
The man bows his head. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean—”
“It’s fine,” I say before starting down the road. “I’m meeting someone soon, so if you’ll excuse me.”
I quicken my pace and stare ahead but I still hear his horse next to me. I chance a look to my left and find that it’s keeping pace.
I use the opportunity to look at its owner more closely. Tall even on his horse, the man has square features and sturdy upper body. His sandy hair is long but it doesn’t fall in his face because he keeps running his hand through it. He’s handsome, to be sure, but all I can focus on is the overwhelming familiarity in his striking blue eyes. Eyes that I’m sure I’ve seen before. 
I tear my gaze from his and gesture behind me. “I’m sorry for startling you earlier. I just have quite a lot on my mind and was planning to walk alo—”
“You may say it all you like,” he interjects kindly, “but the truth is no one enjoys traveling alone.”
I look forward again and smile. “Do you make a habit of accompanying strangers on the road or does your journey actually have a destination?”
He laughs, his voice deep. “My journey indeed has a purpose, though it’s of a confidential nature.”
“Don’t let me keep you.”
He shrugs. “You can keep me.”
I open my mouth to respond but a gust of wind sends me stumbling into the man’s white horse. I’ve just put a hand up to steady myself when something catches my eye. “Your horse’s hoof is cracked,” I say, reaching up to stop him.
I look up from the hoof to find that the man’s face is no longer complacent but frowning with concern. He gets off his horse and bends down to inspect the foot I’m pointing to. “This is bad,” he moans. He stands up straight and strokes the horse’s silver mane before turning to me. “It’s my first time traveling on this part of Ringdum Road. Can you tell me where the nearest farrier is?”
“He’s in Hundman Village,” I say. “That’s where I’m headed now.”
The man peers into the distance but it’s no use. The fog is still hiding Hundman from view. “I suppose we’ll have to share the road,” he says. “Seeing as I must continue on foot, may I join you to the village?”
I shrug. “Something tells me you were going to anyway.”
He smiles and begins leading his horse forward. “I’m Hendrick by the way.” 
He must’ve realized I’m not the curtsying type because he extends his hand. I take it in mine. “I’m Shiloh.”
“So, Shiloh, who is it you’re meeting in town?”
“I’m going to invite friends to celebrate with me this evening.”
“What’s the happy occasion?”
“Today is my birthday.”
Hendrick stops walking and stares at me. “Today is your birthday?”
I halt too. “Yes.”
A few long seconds pass before he starts walking again. “Congratulations. I wish you a happy year.” 
“Thank you.”
A minute passes before Hendrick speaks again in a low voice. “It’s comforting to know that people still rejoice during these troubled times. The Fallen have taken most reasons to be hopeful and replaced them with reasons to fear.”
I shift my eyes to the darkened forest to our right, worried someone may have heard this condemning remark. Most people share Hendrick’s view but are smart enough to keep it to themselves. If you’re overheard criticizing our rulers in public, you’ll be dead before you take another step. 
I point to his clothes. “For someone dressed as you are, I’m surprised to hear that you don’t approve of their leadership.”
I flinch and take a step away when Hendrick speaks loudly into the hushed morning. “The Fallen have taken everything from our kingdom,” he says bitterly. “Don’t be fooled by my clothing. I only wear it to be free of danger as I journey across the land. If the Fallen knew what I truly wanted to do to them, they wouldn’t bow their heads to me on the streets as they do. They would cut my head clean off!”
I regain my composure and spin to face him. “If you don’t wish people to make assumptions about you,” I say defiantly, “then I suggest you change your wardrobe. You thought the only reason I’d be wearing these clothes is if I worked in the fields. The truth is I wear them because I don’t have time to prance around in a frilly dress or can even afford one for that matter. I suppose neither of us knows enough about the other to make judgments.”
Hendrick looks surprised, as though he’s only just realized what he said. I start to walk away before he has the chance to say anything more. 
He remains a few steps behind me and stays quiet as we walk another quarter mile. I pretend as though I’m walking alone as usual and just when I think we’ll complete our journey without exchanging another word, he speaks. “I apologize, Shiloh. I shouldn’t have shouted like that. Please understand that it’s not you. I’ve just had many sleepless nights and I’m under a lot of pressure, that’s all.”
My anger lessens slightly. I understand what it’s like not to sleep. “This is a tense time we live in so let’s just forget it. Look, there’s the sign to Hundman Village. We’re nearly there.” 
When we reach the town’s edge I ask him what I know to be the true reason for his anger. “Who did they kill?”
He runs his hand through his hair again. “My father.”
“I’m sorry.”
He smiles grimly. “Days kept coming and going. I didn’t understand how they could do that.”
“I know the feeling,” I nod.
Hendrick down looks at me, probably wondering who I lost to the Fallen. He must not want to make me say because he just points at my waist and says, “Your sling. Where did you get it?”
I pull the weapon from my belt and hold it up. The carved symbol appears to wave when I twist the hilt in the light.  “It belongs to my fighting partner. Why?”
Hendrick hesitates, then shakes his head dismissively. “Just wondering. Are you a good shot?”
“I’m not as skilled as its owner but I’m getting better.”
“Getting better, huh?”
“Better than you, I’d wager.”
His eyes shine brightly. “I’ll have to see that before I can believe it,” he challenges.
I wait to take the shot until we’re nearly to the fence that encases Hundman Village. Hendrick stops walking when he realizes I’m no longer by his side. He looks back confusedly and drops to the ground just as I release the sling and send a rock flying through the air. It passes by where his shoulder was a moment before.
We both watch as the pebble pierces the wind at full speed and approaches its target: the pole of a hoe leaning on a fence 20 yards away. It hits the tool with precision and knocks it to the ground. Not as good as Aden’s 50-yard average but it’ll have to do.
Hendrick lets out a long whistle and stands to his feet. “Impressive.” 
He reaches under his cloak and pulls out a small dagger. He points to a narrow fence pole near the hoe. I nod in understanding and watch as he takes aim, cocks his arm and lets it go like a spring. 
I lose count of how many times the dagger somersaults in the air. A few moments later it hits the pole and we hear the distant sound of metal splitting wood.
“Not bad,” I admit, leading him to the fence.
“With a few lessons you could improve even more,” Hendrick says, pulling his knife from the wood. “The Redemption is always looking for capable women to join us as well as men. You should consider signing up.”
Everything goes still except for the heart that’s beating rapidly inside my chest. “Redemption,” I repeat quietly. So that’s why Hendrick is so fearless when challenging the Fallen. He’s a recruiter for the Redemption. The one Aden heard about.
I take a step closer to Hendrick, suddenly afraid that he’ll leave before I can make known my desire to join his cause. “I intend to enlist,” I whisper quickly. “My fighting partner and I want to leave for the Redemption as soon as possible.”
Hendrick looks around for listening ears before turning to face me again. “My recruiters and I will be taking names in the Meriton Village tavern tomorrow evening. Come ready to depart for Headquarters.”
I nod as happiness courses through my veins, clouding my vision. Then I pause. Do I thank him? Salute him?  Before I get the chance to decide he takes my hand and kisses it. 
“Until we see each other again, Shiloh.”
Surprised, I pull my hand back from this man, this familiar stranger, and watch him lead his horse into the village. He turns around when he’s almost reached the entrance. “Your birthday!” he shouts. “How old are you?”
“Twenty!” 
Hendrick stands regarding me with amused confusion before turning around and continuing into town. And I’m left stuck in this spot with an incessant flow of thoughts passing through my mind.
The Redemption is no longer a dream.
I’m leaving tomorrow.
I was a better shot than him.
Those eyes.
I’ve seen them before.

Four   |   A War is Approaching 
Wooden homes and trades loom over me as I enter Hundman Village. I pass people bustling between shops and notice girls throwing me nasty glances. I get that from them a lot. I’m the girl from the forest. The one with blisters and trousers. They’ve never even said hello.
I only have one good female friend. Yana. I met her when I brought my sword to the village to be buffered by her husband, Tucker, the blacksmith, after it was scuffed during an aggressive duel with Aden. Yana then introduced us to Berwyn, a man who fought in the army—my father’s army—years ago. Berwyn has spent many an hour with Aden and me since then teaching us how to duel properly.
I open Yana’s gate and walk through the door to Tucker’s workshop where I hear clanging and the roar of a fire. My eyes slowly adjust to the dark room as white-hot flames and glowing embers begin to illuminate the walls of tools, stacks of metal and iron, and big man wielding a mallet. 
I have to yell over the sound of gonging metal to get his attention. “Tucker!”
He glances up at the sound of my voice and removes his thick mask. He smiles once he’s made out my face. “Shiloh, it’s good to see you. Please come in.” He wipes his hands on a rag and puts his arm out, allowing me to lead the way to the living space one room over.
I step into the kitchen that leads to the sitting room and the door to the back garden. The whole place is comfortable and welcoming. Hanging lamps glow in the corners and the room smells of sweet bread except, that is, for the odor of burning metal wafting off Tucker.
“How are you?” I ask him.
“I’m just fine,” he says brightly, wiping his forehead. “Busy as usual. You?”
“I’m well, thank you. I’ve come to invite you and Yana to a celebration this evening for my twentieth birthday.”
Tucker claps his hands and gives me a one-armed hug. “How wonderful! Cheers! We would love to attend. Let me get Yana from the garden and you can tell her the news.”
He walks through the back door to the enclosed garden behind the workshop. I hear Yana gasp and run to the door. She holds her arms open and I run to meet her.
“Happy birthday, Shiloh!” She lets go and holds me at arm’s length. “You’re getting too skinny. Come have some food.”
“Oh, alright,” I laugh.
Yana is five years older than me but is shorter in stature and nearly as petite as Rhoda. Her auburn hair cascades like a waterfall down her back and her burgundy dress is caked with mud from the garden. She puts some buns in front of me, the same kind she delivers to our cottage from time to time when she suspects we’re low on grain.
I help her tie an apron around her back before she takes the seat across from me. “Tucker said you’re having a party tonight?”
I nod and reach for a bun. “You’ll come, won’t you? We saved up for a cake from the bakery and we’re going to light a fire outside. I was hoping Tucker would bring his fiddle so we can dance.”
“We wouldn’t miss it,” she smiles. “Especially since you might be leaving soon and I don’t know when I’ll see you next.”
The image of Hendrick and his promised Redemption flash before my eyes. “Please don’t mention our joining the Redemption when you come tonight,” I remind her. “We haven’t told Rhoda we’re leaving.”
Yana looks at her lap and smoothes the wrinkles from her dress. “Rhoda may be upset in the beginning but she’ll come ‘round. She should be comforted by the idea that you and Aden will be together on this journey. That’s how it was always meant to be.”
I wait for her wording to make sense in my head. Our leaving was meant to be, or Aden and me being together was meant to be? I open my mouth to ask her but get distracted by a baby’s cradle sitting in the corner of the room.
“Yana,” I say slowly. “Does that cradle mean—”
She puts her hand up to stop me. “Oh, that. We thought for a few weeks that we were finally going to have a baby. The healer told us a few days ago that…we lost it.”
Tears form in her eyes and she stands again, looking around for something that will busy her hands. Meanwhile a painful sorrow blossoms in my chest. I know how much she and Tucker want a child. Yana has gotten pregnant a few times but has lost every baby. I think she’s given up hope of ever raising a family.
“Yana, what can I do for you?” I plead. “Anything at all, just name it.”
She looks up from the damp rag in her palm. “There’s a plan and purpose for everything, Shiloh. A child just isn’t in our future. No, what I want is for you to have a happy birthday.”
I get up and cross over to her, taking her hands in mine. “Give it time,” I say quietly. “You never know what will happen and you’re still so young. Don’t you ever give up hope. Do you hear me?”
She nods, then shakes her head as if to clear it. “Enough of this sorrow. Today is my best friend’s birthday, after all. Go get yourself ready for your party and we’ll see you tonight. When should we arrive?”
Knowing she wants to be alone now, I smile and say, “Just before sunset, I think.” I hug her tightly and walk to the door to yell goodbye to Tucker before going through their gate. 
Turning right, I head towards the other side of town where Berwyn lives.
 
  §     §     §
 
The tips of my ears go cold as wind attacks me from all sides, passing through the narrow alleyways that separate the village buildings. Stacked three stories high, these structures are old and leaning, and placed so closely together that a person could jump from one window into their neighbor’s across the alley. This is what makes the Fallen’s punishing fires spread so quickly—so destructively—throughout the villages, leaving nothing but smoldering splinters and charred bodies in their wake.
I pull my coat closer and quicken my steps, averting my eyes from the people selling things from stands along the main road.
“Glass beads and baubles! The crystal is imported from Iturea!”
“Fresh fish here! Caught in the Neema this morn’!”
I’m the only one they don’t beckon closer. They know who I am.
A few minutes later I look up to see Berwyn’s goats standing in the fields just above the horizon. They’re gathered in a huddle to stay warm, waiting for their master’s call to return to their hay-strewn shed.
I jump over Berwyn’s crooked fence and stride to his door to knock. Between raps I look down and see his late wife’s rocking chair. He probably spent his morning sitting there, thinking about her.
Berwyn finally appears after I bang on the door a few more times. He sees it’s me and grunts a hello before turning around and walking inside. I take this as an invitation to come in—something I wouldn’t have done when I was young and still cautious of the forbidding goat man.
I cross over the threshold and step into a room that smells of ale and stale bread. I pass some buckets filled with goat milk sitting underneath a rickety table that holds his wife’s vase, the only bit of her that still remains inside the house. It’s been years since the pot held flowers.
“Don’t be cross, Berwyn,” I say, looking away from the dusty vase. “This is a day to celebrate. It’s my twentieth birthday!” 
I wait for him to congratulate me but all he does is look at me with sad eyes. “Twenty, eh?” He turns around and mutters to himself as he pulls a boiling pot of water off the fire. I catch something that sounds like, “Life’s a bloody hourglass, it is.”
“Well, I suppose I’m grown up now,” I say. “I’m old enough to own your land if you gave it to me.”
“Indeed. But you’re not a farmer, girl, you’re a fighter. One of the best swordsmen I’ve seen, in fact.”
Berwyn is not generous with compliments. “Thank you,” I say quietly.
He grunts again before speaking. “However, I see you don’t have your sword today. Why have you come? To bother an old man on his day off?”
I accept the tea he hands me and take a seat by the fire. “No, actually. I wanted to invite you to our cottage to celebrate with us tonight. Yana and Tucker are coming, and I was hoping you could ask Habry if he and his children would like to come too. It won’t be grand. Just cake, wine and music.”
“Sounds grand to me,” he murmurs. “Alright, I’ll come for a short while. Habry is stopping by later today. I’ll ask him then.”
I bow my head in gratitude and stare at my cup of tea. “I wanted to ask you something else,” I hear myself say a moment later.
Berwyn nods but I hesitate, suddenly unsure if I should tell him that Aden and I are leaving for the Redemption tomorrow. Berwyn knows we want to go, of course. He wants to join too. Or so he says. He’s never signed up whenever a recruiter passed through town. He claims he must stay here to help us train but I know that’s not the reason. Maybe he doesn’t want to see the horrors of war again. Maybe the bloody memories have finally started to fade and he wants to keep it that way.
I take a deep breath. “Do you believe Aden and I are ready to join the Redemption?”
Berwyn looks at me with an unwavering stare. It’s a few seconds before his face flickers with understanding. Today is my twentieth birthday.
His eyes soften as he runs his hand over his beard. “Entering a war is not for the faint of heart,” he begins slowly. “It means accepting that your life could end at any moment. It takes…” He shakes his head. “It takes everything you have.”
He doesn’t think we’re ready. I let this disappointing truth sink in as I look down and take another sip of tea.
“But I think you must go,” he says.
I lift my head, confused and relieved. I search his face and am struck by the solemnness I see in it. When he finally speaks again, he’s not looking at me. He’s staring through the grime-rimmed window next to us.
“The time is coming, Shiloh. A war is approaching. You can’t see it but you can hear it. In the wind, the falling snow. It’s the noise you hear when all else is silent. The animals can sense it and they’re fleeing to safety, and this is how I know. A war is approaching.”
I used to think Berwyn wasn’t scared of anything but I detect the slightest hint of fear in his voice. “We haven’t lost yet,” I say with more confidence than I have. “The Redemption is growing stronger and their numbers are large.”
Berwyn shakes his head again. “Just know that joining the Redemption may require more from you than you’re prepared to give.”
I’m offering my life. What more could it ask for? 
“Will you come with us, Berwyn?” 
He sits quietly, thinking, for almost a minute. Then he stands and dumps his tea on the fire. “I’ll see you tonight,” he says, his back turned to me.
Thanking him for the tea, I get to my feet and walk silently to the front of the house. I halt when I reach the door. “The recruiters will be in the Meriton tavern tomorrow night,” I say without turning around. “I hope you decide to join us.”
Then I walk into the freezing chill not knowing if he heard me.
 
  §     §     §
 
I don’t have any companions as walk home on Ringdum Road. A few people pass on horses but none of them acknowledge me. I sigh with relief.
Everything is back to normal.
Except for what Berwyn said. I can’t help but believe him when he says war is approaching. It must be closer than Aden and I realized. That means the day I find the faceless man with iron arms is drawing near as well. I let this motivation overtake my reservations about joining the ranks. About leaving Rhoda behind. About what my parents would’ve wanted for me instead.
Somehow my eyes know when to look up and spot our tree. It’s a towering evergreen with a small S carved into its bark about six feet off the ground. Aden put it there years ago when we were young and would get lost on our way back from town.
“Why S?” I remember asking him as he stepped back to show me his work.
“For Shiloh,” he replied quietly.
I looked up at the rough curves of the letter and that’s when I finally accepted that my first life was really gone. That I wasn’t Adira anymore.
This memory drifts away as I reach the tree and veer off the road to my left. I begin jogging the path home as soon as I’m under the forest canopy. It’s only afternoon now but the sun is already starting to descend behind the clouds, and this forest becomes vastly more daunting in the dark. The shadows take new forms. Every sound is a threat.
I see Aden stacking firewood as I approach the cottage. I wave him over and crane my head to look for Rhoda through the window. She may be going deaf but I still worry that she’ll hear us somehow.
Aden meets me behind a wide tree trunk. I lower my voice so that it’s barely more than a whisper. “I met a Redemption recruiter on the road and what you heard is true. They’ve come. Get your things ready because we’re finally leaving.”
Aden is covered in dirt and sweat from cutting wood but it’s been a long time since I’ve seen him so happy. “Where?” he asks.
“The tavern in Meriton.”
“When?”
“Tomorrow.”
He looks at me, his eyes alight. “And you’re sure you want to do this?”
“I’m sure.”
We fall silent and listen to the sounds of the forest above, behind and all around us. We listen to the wildlife that has continued on despite our decision to sacrifice our bodies in war. And suddenly twenty years old seems too young. 
I wonder if Aden thinks so too. If he does, he doesn’t say so. He just sets his jaw and goes to walk around me. “Don’t forget that sword of yours,” he whispers as his shoulder brushes mine. I turn and watch him for a moment before reaching up to find my tattoo. My voice of reason.  
Leaving is the right thing to do, it says.
So I’ll go.
Five   |   Perpetua
I find Rhoda sitting in the same place I left her. The only change is that her cup of wine is no longer dangling in her hands but sitting empty on the windowsill. Aden must have calmed down and returned to check on her. 
I gently rouse her and lead her to chair at the table. I cut a slice of bread, scoop a cup of water from a bucket and set them in front of her.
“How was your visit to town?” she asks, tearing off a small piece of the bread.
“It was a nice walk,” I answer, mindfully omitting my interaction with Hendrick. “Yana, Tucker and Berwyn are coming tonight. Berwyn is going to ask Habry later today. And how was your nap?”
She looks at me, her face bemused. “I had the strangest dream.”
“Tell me about it.”
“It had to do with the Guardians.”
“The Guardians? What about them?”
Rhoda squints her eyes in an effort to remember. “I was sitting at the table with them while they discussed the realms at the Council of Idom.”
“What did they look like?” I ask.
Rhoda frowns. “Didn’t your parents tell you about the Guardians? Surely the king would have shared that knowledge with you.”
My stomach sinks. Memories of my parents are dim and fading, growing more distant every day. But I barely recall my father telling me about the existence of the Guardians long ago. I must have been five or six at the time. I ran into his bedchamber one evening because I thought I saw a dragon soar across the night sky. Oh, how I wanted a dragon of my own. I was convinced this one was coming to find me.
My father sat me on his lap and told me that dragons don’t reside in Magdiel. They live in a realm called Dibon, he said, but I wasn’t allowed to go there. I was to stay in our realm and not worry myself about the other three territories that make up our world. Their people, creatures and customs were theirs and theirs alone. 
All you need to know, my darling, is that our Guardian will keep us safe.
So I trusted my father. I didn’t know who lived in these other realms and I was assured that it didn’t matter. Magdiel was powerful on its own. It was secure. After a while I stopped wondering about these mysterious other kingdoms. My hope of ever visiting them and finding my dragon had long vanished.
I look up and meet Rhoda’s gaze. “When I was little my father told me that the four realms—Iturea, Dibon, Ocran, and Magdiel—contain different animals, cultures and people. Because they’ve never crossed into Magdiel, we can only guess what these other people look like using descriptions from legends. That’s why I was asking you what the Guardians looked like in your dream.”
I can tell from her expression that Rhoda thought I knew much more. She’s not satisfied with my answer. Not at all.
“Go get Aden,” she says with a sigh. “I think the time has come for you to know the truth about your Guardians.”
I wait for further explanation but it doesn’t come. I stand up slowly, my eyes on Rhoda’s downturned head, and walk outside to retrieve Aden. He’s almost finished stacking so I wait as he puts the last piece of wood on the pile before beckoning him inside.
His brow creases with curiosity. Rhoda must be serious if she wants us both present. He follows me through the door and we sit patiently in our chairs until Rhoda is ready to speak.
She takes a long, fractured breath before beginning. “I will wait no longer. I must tell you about the creation of the four realms. Vast though they are, their origins are the same. Few people know this because the Guardians believe that knowledge is power. And they can’t have the people wielding power, can they?”
Aden and I exchange a look. It’s rare for Rhoda to challenge the authority of the Guardians out loud. It’s nearly as dangerous as blaspheming the Fallen. You’re taught to believe the Guardians have your best interest at heart. I used to accept this, as my father instructed me. But now, as our realm crumbles beneath the weight of impending war, I see that this is no longer true. 
“The four realms weren’t always divided,” Rhoda continues. “Until one thousand years ago, the land we live on now was part of a larger territory called Perpetua. It was a primitive time but also a peaceful one. One of flourishing crops and tame beasts. People of all backgrounds lived in harmony under the rule of one king who was responsible for controlling four powers: beasts, weather, magic, and wealth. The people elected their own king so most of Perpetua’s rulers were beloved and revered.
“Then a new king was appointed to the throne a millennium ago.” Rhoda closes her his eyes. “King Yeoman,” she whispers, as though saying the name too loudly will bring him back from the dead. “He was greedy and ruthless. He used thes four powers to pit brother against brother. He thought if the people began killing each other, there would be a smaller number vying for the magic and wealth he was hoarding.
“His plan worked but the eruption of civil wars decreased the population to a dangerously low number. Yeoman was going to end our existence. But a group of Wise Men saw that it was the king causing the downfall of Perpetua. They gathered in a secret council, concocted a poison and arranged for Yeoman to be killed. He was dead two days later.
“The population had grown too small. The Wise Men had to come up with a way to repopulate the land, so they separated the remaining people into four regions. Return to your native homelands, they told the people, where your race can flourish and you can add numbers to their territory. They assigned unbreachable borders to these realms and gave each one a power that once belonged to the king: control of great beasts, control of weather, control of magic, and control of wealth. This is how the four realms were formed.”
I watch these events play out in my mind. I can see Yeoman watching gleefully as men wield weapons against their neighbors. Women and children cry as they flee from attackers. Being divided into realms must have seemed like a wonderful idea at the time.
 “As you know,” Rhoda says, “one Guardian was assigned to each realm to watch over and advocate for it to the other Guardians. The four of them live in great luxury on Ergan Peak, a mountain located where the four corners of the realms meet. They rarely leave that place and only do so to fulfill an obligation to meet with leaders in their realm. They return to their home on the mountain and lead the annual Idom Council, a session where they discuss new laws, conflicts among their people and trading negotiations.”
My head is spinning from the information. I can’t seem to take it all in. How does Rhoda know so much about the Idom Council proceedings? No one knows the secrets of Ergan Peak. But I don’t have time to ask her because Aden is already talking.
“Tell us about the realms,” he urges his grandmother, their earlier argument now forgotten.
Rhoda nods and goes on. “To our north is Dibon. Its people are large and very strong—descendants of the giant race that died out a few thousand years ago. Some are as tall as eight feet and have the strength of five men in our realm. 
“Their land consists of mostly trees and mountains, and they have control over beasts. These animals are dangerous because they cause great destruction in large packs. Be especially wary of dragons, minotaurs and mermaids. Though often they are more wary of humans than we are of them.
“The kingdom called Iturea is located to the right of Dibon, northeast of Magdiel. Its people’s skin is the color of evergreen needles and their eyes shine in the dark like cats. Lean, incredibly fast and resourceful, they know the most about living off the land.
“Itureans are roaming nomads and fiercely loyal to their own kind. They are one with the earth and the seas, and were given control of weather. If you hear the distant crack of lightning, it’s the people of Iturea making glass in the sand. It’s from their realm that we receive our crystal, as well as fine jewels they find embedded in their ancient caves.
“South of Iturea and east of Magdiel is Ocran, where magic abounds. The people there are witches, warlocks or Seers, and their appearances range from normal to grotesque depending on the magic they practice. 
“Some of them are good and just trying to survive like we are here. But have no doubt: many are wicked. They live alone in dark, secluded places, waiting for anything or anyone to cross their path. The only humans from our realm able and foolish enough to cross that boundary have been taken as slaves. It is the most dangerous realm and you must avoid it at all cost.”
I shudder. So it’s not just the myths of beasts that are true. The fearful tales of dark enchantments are too. It’s no secret that magic finds its way into Magdiel. Potions, curses and the occasional prophecy. A deal here, a bargain there. Most are harmless enough. But Rhoda’s correct in her warning. It’s foolish to ignore the existence of dark magic, especially when a war is coming and our leaders will stop at nothing to maintain control of Magdiel.
I watch Rhoda as she takes a drink of water before going on. This is more talking than she does in a whole day. And with a party still ahead of us, she will be exhausted tonight. Yet I feel her story is long from over.
She returns her cup to the table. “Magdiel, our home, was entrusted with great wealth. The King of Magdiel controlled its accumulation and distribution, acting like a merchant bank between the realms. He was responsible for preventing poverty in the other lands—for ensuring the survival of the people whose ancestors almost went extinct.”
 “Are all the realms led by a monarch?” Aden asks her.
Rhoda shakes her head. “Ours is the only realm that insisted on keeping a king after Perpetua was divided. The others chose different forms of government. Dibon is split into clans and Iturea is led by a council of advisors. Ocran has no formal leadership at all.
“After Yeoman was killed, the elections of kings in Magdiel were orchestrated by the Guardians. Most often they would choose the heir of the monarch, but not always. Shiloh’s father is proof of that. Besides, the Guardians were determined to remain the ultimate rulers of the realms to prevent another man like Yeoman from controlling his kingdom alone.
“But we now see that giving the Guardians control was futile because wealth remains the most destructive power of the four. The Guardians would eventually learn that time does not weaken our hunger for money no matter how evolved our species becomes. It’s this hunger that turned the Fallen against the King and Queen of Magdiel ten years ago.”
Rhoda pauses and touches the corner of her eye where a tear has emerged. She raises her head and looks only at me. “Those who joined the Fallen believed your parents didn’t distribute wealth as they should have. These rebels thought the crown was ignoring the kingdom’s cry for help. And because they believed this lie, they joined the Fallen regime that killed your parents.”
I look in Rhoda’s old but clear eyes. She’s waiting for me to respond but I simply can’t. There are too many thoughts and questions in my head. My mouth forms sentences but no sound leaves my lips.
I always had a vague idea of why my parents were murdered. Distant words come to me in the night sometimes that I suspect were said by the assassins ten years ago. The words entered my brain and got lost somewhere in the recesses.
Deserve it…teach them…ignore us…
I never thought to ask Rhoda about my parents. She’s just a woman who lives in the forest. What could she know? And she must have assumed that I already knew what led to their deaths.
I didn’t know. I didn’t understand. 
I wasn’t aware of the depth of my parents’ responsibility to our kingdom and the other realms, or that they controlled the most dangerous of the four powers. Does Rhoda’s story mean that my parents’ deaths were put into motion one thousand years ago when Magdiel was assigned great wealth? Were they always destined to die? 
Then I swallow painfully as a more frightening question crosses my mind. 
Had I been born into the life I have now, one of poverty and struggle, would I have supported the Fallen too?
With bitter guilt I force this question away and look over at Aden. He’s too tall for our small table and sits a few feet back, shaking his leg and staring at the grains in the wood. There’s an angry tremor in his voice when he speaks.
“How could the Guardians keep such important information from the people? They think us incapable of living among one another as we did in Perpetua. Well, look what that got us: a realm that is going to tear itself apart because of gold. Why haven’t the Guardians done anything to stop the Fallen?”
Rhoda sighs. “Orjak has continued distributing wealth to the other realms and exporting our crops. The Guardians aren’t aware of the amount of destruction and poverty in our land because they’re only told one side of the story. From their point of view, the Fallen is a productive and obliging regime.”
Aden pounds his fist on the table before standing up and going to the window. I look over at Rhoda who suddenly seems very sad and far away. I finally find my voice and break her train of thought. “Rhoda, how do you know these things?” I ask. “Who told you about the Guardians?”
She looks hastily around the room and stands. “It’s time for supper. Our guests will be arriving soon. Shiloh, go get—”
“No,” I say firmly. Now is the time to hear these things. I can’t walk onto a battlefield not knowing what led me there. “I need to know who told you about the realms and the Guardians.”
Aden returns to the table and Rhoda reluctantly sits back down. She slumps in her seat as though she’s given in. “As you wish but I’ll make it brief. Just know that I kept this from you for good reasons. I was trying to protect you.”
She’s staring at Aden, waiting for him to nod. When he finally bows his head, she starts her second story.
“Many years ago I fell in love with a boy from my village,” she says, her eyes fixed on something far away. “He was the town healer. Oh, but he was much more than that. He truly was the most intelligent person in Magdiel. People used to say he came from a line of Seers. They would come to him from all over the realm in want of health, counsel and guidance. Charming and kind, he could have had any woman in the village. But he chose me, a mere seamstress. 
“His compassion and great knowledge soon earned the attention of Magdiel’s king and queen of the time. He was asked to be their chief advisor and come live in the castle. I went with him and we enjoyed one glorious year there. He provided the monarch with financial and agricultural advice, and was invited to the Council of Idom to put forth his opinions.
“Meanwhile, I gave birth to our child and began raising it on my own. But I watched my husband grow more distant with every passing day. He used to say he was too busy to see me. He said he had more important things to be attending to. Then, one year after we moved to the castle, the king died and my husband was chosen by the Guardians to be the new King of Magdiel.”
King? Wait—
“Things grew worse between us,” Rhoda continues before I can get a word out. “His newfound power had become his only love. Or maybe it was love for his mistress who I didn’t know about at the time. Either way I represented his past, his mediocrity, and there was no place in the castle for his child or me. We were dismissed and given a tiny sum to live off.”
Rhoda pauses to gain control of her staggered breathing. “And that’s how I know so much about the Guardians and the powers they bestowed on the realms. I learned about them when I was King Windum’s wife, the Queen of Magdiel.”
Aden nearly falls off his chair. All I can do is shake my head. I utter a few incoherent noises and then make myself speak. “Rhoda,” I say slowly. “Your husband was Windum, who is now the Guardian of Magdiel?”
“The person I married was an honest, brilliant man,” she whispers. An angry tear falls from her cheek to her lap. “He ceased being my husband the moment he abandoned his family and became King Windum. When he was asked to be Magdiel’s Guardian and your parents took the thrones, I was finally rid of Windum’s presence in this realm.”
I watch Rhoda’s face that has sunken in sorrow and exhaustion. So this was the burden she’s been living with all her life. What she’s had to forgive. A husband who disposed of her and her child as if they were nothing.
I take her small hand in mine and resist the urge to go to Ergan Peak to give Windum a piece of my mind. Words wouldn’t be enough. My sword too lenient.
“My grandfather is King Windum?” Aden asks in a low voice.
Rhoda sighs. “Yes.”
“I’m an heir and you never told me?”
She watches him and speaks with her voice suddenly steady. “I didn’t want you to go looking for him. He wouldn’t accept you as his family, nor does he want one. He’s a cruel man, Aden. Promise me you will never seek him out.”
Aden frowns but nods his head slightly. He remains silent as he gets up from his seat to retrieve his sling that’s hanging on the wall. He returns to the table and sets it in front of Rhoda. “My sling belonged to him?”
“It did,” she says.
I reach forward to trace the emblem carved into the oak handle. “The symbol,” I say. “What does it mean?”
Rhoda meets my eyes. “It’s the symbol of Magdiel’s monarchy. Every king to rule our land had this symbol branded on their chest with unique ink to distinguish them from imposters. That’s why I was so upset when you got that tattoo. It’s as though you’re proclaiming to the world that you’re connected to the monarchy, or at least an enemy of the Fallen.”
I touch the back of my neck and run my shaking fingers over the tattoo. I’ve been wearing the mark of my father and never knew. No wonder it reminds me of my childhood. I must have seen it when my parents were still alive. 
I close my eyes and see them.
I’m very young and I’m at the Pepolah Ocean. My parents watch as I play in the water, search for shells and build sand castles. I run up to my father and point at the symbol tattooed on his chest. 
What’s that?
He glances at my mother before pulling me closer. 
That’s to show you where my heart is. It’s where I keep you and your mother when I’m not here with you.
The image of him dissolves when Rhoda speaks again.
“Now go fetch some water, Shiloh,” she says, her tone indicating the finality of the subject. “Aden, get the fire going steady and I’ll make some stew. Let’s eat before the others arrive.” She stands again and walks over to windowsill to pick up the bowl of dried berries we’ve been storing since autumn. 
Aden touches my shoulder and nods for me to go outside with him. Once we’re out in the darkening night he grabs a fresh block of chopped wood and follows me to the old well.  Dug decades ago for weary travelers, it sits in the woods a dozen yards from Ringdum Road.
I grab the well’s bucket and begin lowering it into the ground. Aden sits on a nearby log, scratching the stubble on his chin and rubbing his temples. He’s restless.
“So that’s why the Guardians haven’t stepped in,” he mumbles furiously. “They divided this world into four realms and now we’re tearing ourselves apart from the inside out. If they had never separated the powers, our world would be balanced and peaceful. Instead we’re left to kill each other because of wealth and we’ll soon face the same problem that occurred a thousand years ago. We’ll die off.”
He looks up at me when I don’t reply. My mind can’t seem to focus on anything other than the hidden meanings in Rhoda’s words—the questions she didn’t even mean to pose. I can feel trickles of doubt and panic crawl down my neck, making my heart beat faster.
Did my parents really neglect the people and not distribute wealth as they were instructed? Did they see the kind of poverty I’m living in now and do nothing to stop it?
Aden stands and comes to the well. He bends down to make me look at him. “Does this change your mind about the Redemption?” he asks.
I hear the bucket break the layer of frozen water below. “I’m…not sure.” 
“I know what you’re thinking.”
“No you don’t.”
“You’re wondering if your parents really did the things the Fallen says they did.”
I look down at the well and pull on the rope.
“Shiloh.”
“Please, Aden. I need time to think.”
He looks at me for a few moments before turning towards the cottage. He only takes a few steps before spinning around and coming back. “You know I’ll accept whatever you choose to do,” he says, his voice softer than before. “Just remember what the Fallen is doing every day in Magdiel. Remember how they took Gerod last week. How they pried him from his mother’s hands. He’s fourteen years old, Shiloh. Two years below the draft age. But that’s what they do. Remember that.”
I call out when he starts to move away. “Aden.”  
He stops and turns to face me.
“You’re an heir,” I say with a small, disbelieving shake of my head. “And here I was thinking I was the only one in this cottage.”
He smiles grimly. “Two orphans, two heirs. We make quite a pair.” Then he retreats to the cottage, leaving me to stare into the black forest.
I know he’s right about the Fallen. If I had any doubt before, his mentioning Gerod would’ve convinced me. That poor little boy with the bad leg and freckled face. His mother’s body wracking in sobs as she lay sprawled in the dirt, crying for him to come back. You don’t forget things like that. And it’s all because of the Fallen’s lack of mercy. Of conscience. 
It doesn’t matter if they thought my parents were corrupt because I know the truth. I was with them every day for ten years. I heard every conversation they had about improving Magdiel and probably, I realize now, the other three realms as well. And most of all I felt their love for me. For our family. For the people they were trying so hard to protect. Love should have won. 
But death has no respect for love.
Six   |   The Firelight Dance
An hour later we’ve finished our supper and I’m outside rinsing our bowls with a soaking rag.
We remained silent throughout the meal, each of us consumed in our own thoughts of betrayal, confusion and furious determination. It isn’t how I wanted to spend my last supper with Rhoda. She deserves better.
But we still have this evening together and I vow to make it one to remember. It should be a celebration not for me, but for the last ten years spent with these people. The ones who kept me despite the danger it put them in. The ones who saved me body and soul.
As I turn to go inside I hear a pair of horses approaching from the nearby path. A head with auburn hair emerges from behind the bushes.
“Yana!” I go to meet her where the trees separate and animals can pass. She’s riding her bronze horse followed by Tucker on his black one. I smile at the fiddle sitting on his lap. “I’m so glad you’ve both come. Follow me.”
I lead them to the front of the cottage where there’s a pole for tying horses. When they’ve dismounted I take Yana’s arm in mine and lead them inside where Aden is cutting the cake and Rhoda is pouring wine into chalices.
“Yana, dear,” Rhoda smiles, “it‘s been too long.” They embrace one another while Aden sets down the knife to shake Tucker’s hand.
“It’s good to see you, Rhoda,” Yana replies warmly. “Have you changed the way things are arranged in here? It’s lovely.”
She accepts the wine and they sit at the table together to discuss the importance of a clean home. I walk over to where Aden and Tucker are whispering together by the lit hearth.
“…A fire just ten miles from here,” Tucker is saying. “We think it was Fallen soldiers searching for a group of Redemption recruiters.”
“How many dead?” asks Aden.
“At least half.”
At least half.  My heart catches fire. Villages in Magdiel only hold about a thousand people. If one is attacked that means hundreds of parents, hundreds of children, hundreds of lives are now gone. Murdered by their own leaders.
I back up and quietly let myself outside into the cool night air to rid the heat in my chest. 
News of death and disaster reach our ears every week but this time it happened much closer to our own home. It could happen here next week, tomorrow, tonight even. One thing is clear, though. The Fallen is growing desperate.
 “Are you alright, Shiloh?” says a voice to my left. It drifts with the wind and the peacefulness of it tells me that Habry has arrived. I turn to see him walking through the brushes with a little girl on his shoulders and a boy at his heels.
Habry works at the mill with Aden and often leaves his kids with me when I’m not in town selling vegetables. His wife died giving birth to their daughter and Habry has struggled raising the children on his own. 
“Hello, Habry,” I say, trying to sound like my normal self. “I was just waiting for the rest of you to arrive. Benjamin, Phillipa, I’m so glad you’ve come!”
The children run into my open arms and pull me back into the house. I give Habry an amused smile as he follows me inside the warm cottage. He waves hello to Rhoda and Yana before making his way over to the fire. 
The din of talk grows louder until a knock at the door a few minutes later makes us all fall silent. I open it to find Berwyn shrugging apologetically. “Sorry I’m late.”
I stand back to let him pass. He joins the men by the hearth and begins telling a story in hushed whispers. Parts of his tale float over to where I sit at the table. I nod as though I’m listening to Rhoda’s story about gardening when I’m actually straining to hear Berwyn’s words.
“I would’ve been on time,” he’s saying, “but I heard a noise behind me on Ringdum Road. I waited in the forest for a while just in case.”
Aden mutters something I can’t hear. Berwyn grunts in agreement. “That’s what I thought,” he says. “It’s too late for families to be traveling to other villages so it had to be a Fallen patrol. I was lying flat on my stomach when they passed by. One more second on the road and they would’ve seen me.”
What does Berwyn suddenly have to fear of a Fallen patrol? Determined to find out, I get to my feet and go to join the conversation. I’m nearly there when Rhoda calls for the room’s attention. 
She summons everyone around the table to wish me a year of good fortune and bless me with an ancient prayer. I laugh at their horrible singing and for a few blissful moments, my worries about the Fallen, Berwyn’s story and the burning village disappear.

§     §     §

Laughter and conversation follow in the glow of the firelight. The wine coaxes smiles to our lips—smiles the lot of us doesn’t have a reason to wear most days. Even Berwyn is guffawing at Habry’s jokes. So it seems like only a few minutes have passed when Yana addresses her husband and points to his fiddle. “How about we light a fire outside and do some dancing?”
“Right you are. This is a night to celebrate!” Tucker claps me on the shoulder and leads everyone outside towards the garden where frost is already starting to form on the vegetable vines.
Aden coaxes a fire to life in the pit and we all warm our hands around it. Yana grabs my arm and instructs Tucker to begin playing his fiddle. He strikes up a happy song that gets Yana and me dancing around the fire. 
I feel liberty spread through my body as I move and feel my hair free itself from its ivory pin. I look over to see Rhoda sitting on the wooden bench tapping along with her foot while Aden, Habry and Berwyn refuse to join in.
I skip over and pull Berwyn into our dance. He grudgingly does a few steps with us and pretty soon I’m laughing so hard that I can’t stand up straight. Berwyn was doing the dance backwards and lost his footing, causing him to trip and fall into Rhoda’s lap.
I glance down and see Benjamin and Phillipa doing a jig together and fruitlessly trying to get their father to join them. Habry points his children to Aden, who I’ve seen dance maybe once in all the years I’ve known him. 
Phillipa walks over to where he stands and puts her arms up, requesting a dance. Aden’s eyes soften and he reaches down, lifts her up into his arms and comes over to the fire.
Tucker is playing a slower tune now. Aden slowly revolves in one spot and Phillipa puts her head on his shoulder. Berwyn is dancing with Yana, Benjamin is spinning in small circles with Rhoda and I’m left without a partner. 
Habry taps me on the shoulder and holds out his hand. I take it gratefully and he begins spinning me around the fire. For a man with limbs like small tree trunks, Habry is surprisingly light on his feet. “Have you had a good birthday?” he asks.
“It’s been wonderful,” I smile. “The best part is happening right now.”
We spin past Aden and Phillipa. Habry jerks his head toward his daughter. “She dotes on Aden. She loves coming over here to check traps with him. She probably thinks she’s going to marry him one day.”
“She’ll make a beautiful bride,” I laugh.
Habry chuckles. Then his expression grows thoughtful. “Was it strange growing up so closely to him? To Aden, I mean.”
I can’t quite make sense of this question. How could it be strange? Living with Aden has been as natural as living with Rhoda.
Habry sees my confusion and quickly explains. “It’s just that you’re both of marrying age now. Growing older…it must have been…I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have asked.”
It takes a moment for the implication to dawn on me. I don’t know why it hasn’t occurred to me before. It must seem so strange, my relationship with Aden. I’m sure everyone in town shares Habry’s curiosity. When two unrelated people grow up in the same home it’s only natural to wonder whether there’s an unspoken attraction. Stolen glances. Cold nights spent huddled closely together.
The thought of this is ridiculous. Besides, Aden has seen too many of my darkest moments. How could I expect him to think of me that way when he’s seen me at my worst? And he’s not always a rose to live with either. We both have our fair share of thorns.
I look across the fire’s licking flames and see him swing Phillipa around, making her giggle uncontrollably. I pull my hand from Habry and put it over my chest, where the heat of the dance is crawling up my neck.
I return my gaze and my hand to Habry. “We’re very close friends,” I say. “That’s all.”
Habry nods. “I’m sorry if it seems like I’m prying. I think I’m just protective of you. All of you. Have been for years.” He twirls me one more time and then lets go on the last note of the song.
I thank him for the dance, stutter something about needing water and walk around the corner of the cottage. I hear the next song begin, my favorite song, but it becomes quieter as I walk in the direction of the horses that are tied up in front. I stare into the forest and stroke their manes while Habry’s words swirl around in my head.
Was it strange growing up so closely to him? It’s just that you’re both of marrying age now.
In the back of my mind I suppose I’ve considered the various paths this life could take me. One led to war, another to a life of selling vegetables, and the third was leaving this forest and roaming the realm. When I imagined these future lives, Aden was always there standing beside me. So what was I expecting of him, the boy who saved my life? The boy who knows me better than I know myself? The boy who’s no longer a young boy at all?
But wondering how Aden thinks of me is not time well spent. He guards his deepest thoughts with a barricade that I’ve never been able to break through. And the way he reacts to Rhoda’s nagging about marriage is a clear sign that he doesn’t want a wife, so why even give it another thought? I’m not sure I want to get married either. Marriage makes you vulnerable and I’m broken enough as it is.
I hear a branch snap and turn around to see Aden making his way over to me. My pulse quickens as the space between us gets smaller and my addled mind takes notice of the agile way he moves. 
He leans on the fence and regards me with folded arms. “Are you alright? Tucker is playing your favorite song and you’re missing it.”
“I’m fine,” I say lightly. I search for something to talk about. A few long seconds pass before a subject comes to mind. “I heard Berwyn mention the Fallen patrols that nearly saw him tonight.”
Aden nods and strokes Yana’s horse. “Yes, he feared they would have recognized him as being a soldier in your father’s army.”
I shrug. “The Fallen would have to stop every man on the street to find those who were in my father’s army. Many are still alive and working in town. Why would Berwyn be in any more danger than the others?”
 “I thought his cautious actions were strange, I’ll admit,” Aden says. “Sometimes I get the feeling Berwyn isn’t telling us everything.”
I nod at the ground and then lift my eyes to meet his. “When will we tell Rhoda about our leaving for the Redemption?”
“You’re coming, then?”
“Well, someone once told me not to fight my destiny.”
Aden smiles and shifts his gaze to the trees beyond. “It is unwise.”
“Then I’m coming,” I say. “I have a duty to my parents.”
Aden waves me forward as he backs up toward the fire pit. “Let’s tell Rhoda after everyone leaves, then.”
The thought of this conversation with Rhoda sends dread down my arms to the tips of my fingers. It pushes all thoughts about my relationship with Aden aside and weighs me down as I follow him back to the cottage.
 
 §     §     §

When we return to the fire pit I see Habry picking up his kids, whose eyes are drooping. I tiptoe to his side and bend down to kiss Benjamin and Phillipa’s cheeks for what could be the last time. “Thank you for coming, Habry.”
“You’re welcome, Shiloh, and happy birthday. I’ll see you next week when I drop these little ones off.” He whispers a goodbye to the others before disappearing through the trees.
Yana touches my arm to get my attention. “Goodbye, Shiloh.”
“Thank you for coming,” I say, pulling her into a hug. “Thank you for everything.”
She steps back and looks at me with a tilted head. She knows. “Be safe,” she whispers. “You know where I’ll be should you need anything. And this isn’t goodbye. It’s just so long for now. Alright?”
“Alright,” I smile,” so long for now.”
I watch her go to her horse and then I wave to Tucker, who’s picking up his fiddle and shaking hands with Aden. “Would you mind if I leave my horse here for the night?” Tucker asks him. “He was limping on our way over and I’d like to give him a night of rest rather than ride him back to the village. I’ll return for him tomorrow.”
“Of course,” Aden replies. “I’ll move him to our shed where he’ll be sheltered.”
“Thank you. Bye, Shiloh.”
Tucker follows Yana to her horse and pulls himself up to sit on the saddle behind to her. Yana offers me one last wave and turns her head before I can see tears roll down her cheeks.
I make my way over to say farewell to Berwyn, but perhaps it’s an unnecessary goodbye. Perhaps he’s had a change of heart and is planning to enlist with us.
“Goodbye, Berwyn,” I say, searching his face. “Thank you for coming.”
He grunts and puts his hand on my shoulder—the only gesture of affection he’s comfortable with. “G’bye, Shiloh. I’ll see you,” he glances at Rhoda, “soon.”
“I’ll see you soon,” I echo with relief. He vanishes in the darkened forest and I feel a sudden weightlessness in my bones.
Berwyn is coming with us.
The only thing left to do now is to tell Rhoda. I look up to the sky and pray that the conversation goes well, but even the one twinkling star I see through the swirling clouds can’t encourage me.
I go to Rhoda and lead her back to the cottage. She’s had too much wine and is nearly asleep in my arms. I walk her to a chair at the table and put a cup of cold water in front of her. Aden returns from moving Tucker’s horse and latches the door behind him, then comes and takes a seat next to me.
“Grandmother, can you hear me?”
“Mm? Yes, m’boy. Fetch me some water.”
“There’s some right here.” He pushes the cup closer to her hand. “Grandmother, Shiloh and I have something very important to discuss with you. It’s about the Redemption.”
Rhoda perks up at the last word and focuses on Aden. “What about it?” she grunts.
“Shiloh and I are…well, we’re going to Headquarters,” he says carefully. “We’re leaving tomorrow.”
Rhoda stands up more swiftly than I’ve ever seen her move. Sobered now, her face is full of fear and anger. “You are going nowhere!” she growls. “I’ve put up with this nonsense long enough. You will not leave me here just when the Fallen soldiers are entering this region. Did you learn nothing from my story? Do you not see how getting involved in this realm’s affairs is fatal? I’ve raised both of you as my own and you won’t repay me by getting killed in this war. Not another word will be spoken about it!”
She goes to the door, fumbles with the lock and wrenches it open, letting in a blast of icy air, then disappears into the night.
“We have to go after her,” I say as I stand. 
I pause and wait for Aden to rise too but he remains seated, shaking his head. “We should let her think things through,” he says. “A little fresh air will clear her muddled mind. She’ll see sense.”
With a worried sigh I take my seat again and stare at my hands. I knew this wouldn’t go well but Rhoda’s words about raising me as her own felt like a stab to the heart.
Because she’s right. She took me in even when I would’ve attracted trouble from the Fallen. She shared her home and food with me. She gave me the chance to live again. And I’ve repaid her by breaking her heart.
 
§     §     §
 
When fifteen minutes pass I tell Aden I’m going look for her now that we’ve given her time to calm down. 
“Yes,” he says, his knee shaking nervously. “It’s strange that she hasn’t returned. She didn’t have a cloak or dagger.”
We walk outside and check both sides of the cottage. “She’s not over here!” I yell from the front.
“Not here either!” he replies from the garden.
I walk around and meet him by the fire pit. The uneasiness I felt earlier grows with every step I take. “Let’s try the path over there,” I say, pointing in the direction of the well.
We jog through the trees and call out her name, but all we hear is the silence of the snowfall that has just begun. My unease turns to panic as I picture Rhoda lost in the snowy forest without a cloak.
We reach the path and walk a hundred feet in one direction, but still she is nowhere to be found. We only see the dirt and trees that are quickly vanishing under the large white tufts of snow that made it through the forest canopy.
I turn to Aden to ask what we should do, only to find him pacing back and forth, completely distraught. “Where are you, where are you?” he mutters, looking frantically in every direction.
I’ve just opened my mouth to console him when there’s a sudden noise on the path behind us. I spin around expecting to see Rhoda’s relieved face staring back at me from down the trail. Instead I see four large horses galloping straight at us.
Aden and I jump off the path into a muddy ditch when the horses are just feet away. I land on my knees and hear Aden gasp in pain next to me. By the way he’s cradling his arm, it looks as though he hurt his shoulder when he jumped to safety.
I reach for him but get pulled off my feet by one of the horse’s riders. The other two strangers train their swords on Aden’s neck.
“Let me go!” I yell as the stranger throws me roughly to the ground.
I look up at our midnight assailants for the first time. They all have cruel grins on their faces and dirty unkempt hair, but I’m more distracted by what is sewn over their hearts. It’s an upside-down crown with the letter F hovering above it. It appears to have been stamped on a blood-soaked cloth with a brander that farmers use on cattle.
Everything in my surrounding vision goes blurry as I stare at the symbol. I forget to breathe as fear courses through my body like a deadly poison.
They’re wearing the badge of the Fallen.

Seven   |   The Fort
“What have we here?” 
The soldier that picked me up takes off his helmet and looks down at me with lustful eyes. He’s at least twenty years older than me and I can smell alcohol on his breath. His uniform is stained with mysterious maroon blotches. “The Colonel will like you.”
I struggle under the boot he’s pushing down on my chest and viciously scold myself for leaving my sword in the cottage. I was so worried about Rhoda that bringing it didn’t cross my mind. I know Aden isn’t armed either, and that’s the only reason he isn’t trying to fight all four men at once. Maybe that’s for the best. He wouldn’t last long with an injured shoulder.
“It looks like your beau is hurt, girl,” says the soldier. He hops into the ditch next to Aden and pulls him up by the collar. “You’re a strong-looking man. You weren’t drafted into the Fallen army?”
“I would rather die than join you,” Aden says, his voice dangerously low. 
“I see,” the soldier replies roughly. “Lucky for you, that can be arranged.”
I watch him draw his sword and force Aden’s head down. The man raises his arm, aims, and starts to strike.
“STOP!” I scream, lurching myself from the ground to grab his swinging arm.
He freezes mid-swing and turns to face me. “So he is your beau. I thought so.” He climbs out of the ditch and bends down to pull on my hair. “You know what I’ve found to be a better punishment than death?” he whispers with foul breath. “Taking the things people care for most. Horribly maiming them seems to work too.”
I glare at his homely face and pull against the hands gripping my hair. He stands and gestures for one of the other soldiers to hold me back.
“I’m feeling generous today,” the leader says, watching me. “If you come with us without a fight, I will give the boy a day to join our army. If he doesn’t show up at our fort by tomorrow evening, I will kill you in his place. Sound fair?”
I stop struggling against the hands on my arms and think about this proposal. My first instinct isn’t to cry or beg for mercy. It’s to save Aden. To give him time to get to the Redemption Headquarters. If that means I go with these Fallen soldiers and he remains here unharmed, then that’s what I’ll do.
I unflinchingly return the leader’s stare. “I’ll come if you spare his life.”
“NO!” Aden yells from the ground. “Take me instead! I’ll go now! I’ll go in her place!”
“Oh no, I don’t think so,” the man laughs. “The Colonel will welcome a night with the girl and then you will arrive tomorrow.” He leans down, coming within inches of Aden’s face. “Everyone wins.”
The other three soldiers laugh maliciously and put their swords back in their sheaths. Their leader remains in front of Aden, who’s shaking with hatred and staring past the man to look at me with unbelief. With fury. With sadness.
“Our fort is eight miles northeast of here,” the leader says to Aden. “You shouldn’t have trouble finding it. If you do, well, then…” He glances at me. “It’ll be a waste of a pretty face.”
With the sudden realization that this could be the last time I ever see him, I return my gaze to Aden and try to imprint his picture on my mind so that I’ll never forget the intensity of his eyes or the position of his scar. His thoughtful silence or humble assurance.
I open my mouth to tell him that I’ll be okay but am cut off when one of the soldiers picks me up and tosses me onto a horse. I land on my stomach and all of the breath is knocked from my body. I feel the man mount the horse and sit behind me.
I quickly inhale and turn my head to see Aden. He’s just begun to yell, “I’ll come—!” when the Fallen leader cocks his arm and hits Aden over the head with the hilt of his sword.
I shout out as his body slumps to the side but my bellow is drowned out by the continued laughter of the men. My view of Aden’s motionless form fades through the snow as I’m trotted farther and farther away from our home.
The soldier sitting on the horse behind me is holding me in place by my hair so that I won’t slip off or attempt to run. But every step the horse takes jolts my body in a different direction and I struggle to remain on its slippery back. Just when I think I’ll fall from the animal and be dragged behind it by my hair, the soldier that hit Aden catches up to us and addresses my handler.
“You idiot! She won’t be fit for the Colonel if she falls from the horse and breaks her legs. Sit her in front of you and tie her up with this.”
He tosses something to my handler and speeds up to trot in front of our horse. Arms grab me around my waist and turn me around so that I’m sitting upright.  The sound of tearing linen reaches my ears before my handler roughly ties my wrists behind my back. He reaches around and finds my mouth before filling it with the other strip of linen. He knots it behind my head and I choke on the gag. It tastes like dirt.
The Fallen soldiers trotting in front of me are talking to one another but I can’t hear them from back here. Maybe they’re discussing the reward they’ll receive for bringing the Colonel a woman. The thought of this makes me sick and my mind stubbornly refuses to elaborate on it.
We ride along for what feels like hours, though it’s probably only been one. The path we’re traveling on is not well worn; it looks more like a crudely forged trail. I’m sure it’s only used by the Fallen because people with a spoonful of sense know not to wander this deeply into the forest.
The snow stops falling eventually but it remains deathly cold. I find myself shivering violently under my thin clothes while my sight slides in and out of focus. But no tears come to my eyes. I’m expressionless and numb. I’m shocked beyond physical movement.
Yet my thoughts change as swiftly as the current of a raging river. They replay the evening that led up to this horrifying turn of events. 
Aden is lying unconscious in a ditch and Rhoda is gone. She could be anywhere right now but I’m sure she’s just lost since the Fallen soldiers didn’t mention finding her. This, at least, is a comfort.
Meanwhile, Aden is unlikely to wake up for hours and could be frozen to death by then. My only consolation is that if he lives, he’ll get Rhoda somewhere safe and join the Redemption like we planned. Even if I can’t accompany him, I know he’ll fulfill my obligation to kill my parents’ murderers. It was an unspoken promise but I’m relying on it all the same.
I’m just fortunate these soldiers don’t know who I really am. If I play my role well, perhaps I’ll live long enough to kill some of them. If I am destined to die by their hands then I’m determined to take a few with me.

§     §     §

With every step the horse takes we venture farther into the mysterious woods. The trees become so close together that the horses struggle to walk between them. Finally we go several yards past a thick wall of foliage and emerge into a huge clearing. I gasp into my gag. 
Their fort looks exactly like the one in my nightmare.
Distilled moonlight illuminates the encampment, displaying a tall wooden structure that can only be a watchtower. It stands behind a 30-foot tall log fence. The fort is about 50 yards wide and two armored soldiers holding winged spears guard its entrance.
I briefly wonder how I’ve never come across this fort before but the dense trees create a border that hides this clearing from view. I can’t even locate the path we just came from.
My captors approach the guards and exchange a hand signal. The guards step aside to let us through and look at me as I pass by. I throw them the most callous look I can muster in my expressionless state.
The watchtower stands dauntingly overhead as we enter the fort. I look around and see small wooden shacks lining three walls of the log enclosure. These are the barracks. 
I squint through the darkness toward the back corner of the fort where stables stand. I can’t help but cringe when I look forward again. The entire place smells like soiled clothing.
It’s past midnight but there are still groups of men gathered around small fires or sharpening their weapons. Faces rise and watch as the soldiers lead me past the quarters. I ignore their glowers and look up at the watchtower instead. There’s a man up there with a bow trained on the direction of the entrance and behind him sits a large bell that he would ring during an attack. Only one high vantage point in this whole camp…they must not be concerned about an ambush. Don’t they know that arrogance breeds weakness? That pride goes before destruction?
We pass the tower and walk towards a larger cabin that sits directly opposite the main gate. The size of two barracks put together, this lodging must belong to the Colonel. A yellow light shines through the windows and smoke rises out of a hole in the roof.
When I see a dark shape moving inside the cabin window, I feel the fear I’ve been harboring inside me register on my face. I nearly convulse when I think of what the Colonel will do as I’m forced to stand in his presence, defenseless and considered nothing more than a body to use. I’m not even worried about him killing me. I would rather that than feel his fingers on my skin.
My mind races as we approach the nearby stable. It searches for any way out of here, any improbably, impossible way. But soldiers stand in every direction and the wall is 30 feet high. The only way I’ll escape is by killing everyone in my path with no weapon or to see the fort suddenly attacked. Neither of these seems a likely option.
The man behind me dismounts and pulls me to the ground, then pushes me forward to follow the others to the front door of the Colonel’s lodging. 
They knock loudly and I hear the footsteps of someone approaching behind the wood. My heart beats quickly and painfully in my throat as the door opens, but when my eyes adjust to the light I see not the hulking figure of a Colonel, but a young woman. She looks like she’s barely older than me and is dressed in a slip that women wear under their finest dresses.
I know immediately that this girl was once in my shoes—taken from her family or husband, stripped of her dignity and forced to wait on the Colonel. The difference is that she’s probably had to endure this place for weeks. I’ll only be here for a few hours. Not even the night. I know this because if the Colonel doesn’t kill me right away, I’ll just try to escape and get killed then.
The woman bows her head to the men. “The Colonel isn’t here. He’s out with a band of men to investigate strange sounds coming from the west. He should return soon.”
The man who hit Aden pushes past her and enters the room. “Put her there,” he instructs my handler, pointing to a cot. I’m pushed onto the bed and hear the man speak again. “Tell the Colonel that we found this one wandering in the woods when we were out on patrol.”
The woman murmurs a quiet assent and goes to close the door after them. She waits until they’ve gone a few paces before coming over and removing the gag in my mouth. She leaves my arms tied behind my back. “He’ll know they would’ve have tied your hands but he might not expect you to be gagged,” she explains.
I look at her and see the face of someone who has aged much in a short time. She has hair the color of cedar wood and pale blue eyes. She’s probably only 21 but she might as well be 40 by the way she returns my gaze. She knows what will soon happen and she feels sorry for me.
“I’m Shiloh,” I say once I’m able to speak. I sit up and move towards the side of the cot. “What’s your name?”
“Persephone. I’m from Fairfield. I was captured there five weeks ago.”
I try but can’t remember where Fairfield is. Somewhere east of Hundman, I think. I nod and attempt a smile. “So, what do you…do here?” I already know the answer to this but still hope I’m wrong. I know I’m not here to clean.
Persephone stands and walks over to the fire where she’s boiling water. “I’m here to keep the Colonel happy,” she says drearily. “Well, I suppose we both will now.” She returns to my side with cup of tea and pours it into my mouth. “You look tired. Why don’t you lie down and I’ll wake you when I hear him coming?”
I shake my head. “I couldn’t sleep.”
I may never sleep again.
I accept the tea she tips toward my mouth and take a minute to observe the dwelling I’m in. It’s a vast room that could fit two of my cottages inside. The bed I’m sitting on is pushed up against the right side of the barrack and nearby are tables topped with piles of papers and maps of Magdiel. I see some cooking supplies and the hearth when I look straight ahead, and notice a pile of blankets in the corner diagonal from here. That must be where Persephone sleeps when she’s here alone.
“Why don’t you talk to me to keep your mind off this?” she suggests. “Where are you from?”
“I live in a cottage in the forest with my guardian and her grandson. I was out looking for her when the soldiers took me.”
Persephone frowns. “Why was your guardian out this time of night? It’s unsafe to wander in the woods.”
“She was angry with us for—,” I pause, wondering if I should tell her what made Rhoda upset. But I think that Persephone of all people could understand my desire to defeat the Fallen. “Can you keep a secret?”
“I have no one to tell.”
“We told her we were going to leave tomorrow to join the Redemption.”
Persephone wasn’t expecting this. I don’t blame her. Women never discuss war or the Redemption, let alone join them. To mention either in front of the Fallen is a sure way to have your children ripped from your hands and killed in front of you. 
But Persephone’s face shows surprise for only a moment. “I was going to enlist in the Redemption as well,” she admits.
Now I’m the one who’s surprised. I jerk my head, gesturing for her to explain.
She looks down at her hands. “I was preparing to leave when I was captured by Fallen soldiers as punishment for hiding my youngest brother from the draft.”
I can feel her sorrow from feet away. Her future stolen. Her little brother taken. Never to see the Redemption.  
I remain silent as the injustice of it hits me with full force. My hands start to shake and I turn to face her. “It’s not too late for us,” I whisper. “We can still get to the Redemption but it will require that we fight against the Fallen right now. Will you help me?”
Persephone returns my stare and, slowly, determination forms in her eyes. When she finally nods, I stand and go to the tables covered with the Fallen’s plans. Persephone regards me nervously and runs to the window to make sure the Colonel isn’t coming.
“There’s bound to be something useful on here,” I mutter. I bend over the papers and try to make sense of the drawings.
A giant atlas sits before me. It shows general routes and roads in Magdiel, but they look as if a child drew them—they’re big, looping and imprecise. The island that holds the Redemption Headquarters is labeled too, but according to this atlas there’s no way an entire army could attack it from the ocean shore. The Fallen will have to declare war and meet the Redemption army on the mainland. It looks like it has already marked a few possible battlefields. This means they could declare war any day. 
My hands are still bound so I ask Persephone to move the map. She slides it over for me and returns to the window. 
I peer at the paper now visible on the tabletop. It’s a diagram of the Fallen’s base located north of Haed Forest, below the border separating Magdiel from Dibon.
I knew their headquarters was big. It would have to be, to house and train thousands of soldiers. But this diagram indicates the Fallen base is even larger than the Redemption. Taller, that is. I scan the diagram, which depicts the headquarters’ three buildings, surrounding gate and five main entrances. I pick up a string of key words and commit them to memory.
Barracks. Armory. Dungeon. Strategy Chamber. Orjak’s Quarters.
I nudge the map aside with my shoulder. My eyes have just fallen on a letter to the Colonel when I hear shouting outside.
Persephone moans and turns to face me. “He’s coming,” she breathes, pointing to the cot. She dumps our tea in a bucket and shuffles around the room.
Suddenly I don’t care that the letter I’m looking at bears the words Guardians and Ergan Peak. All I can focus on is the sound of boots crunching their way through the rocky mud just beyond the door. I hasten to the cot and sit down as anxiety creeps from my stomach into my throat. It tastes bitter, like blood.
I look over at Persephone, who’s staring back at me with eyes of encouragement. My stare shifts to the door that’s being unlatched. I barely have time to gather my courage before the Colonel is standing in front of me with a hungry, sickening smile spreading across his face.
He must be near Berwyn’s age but it’s hard to tell. A giant beard hides much of his face and his bloodshot eyes seem to be sunken into his waxy skin. Yellow teeth can be seen through the smile on his white, cracked lips, and I notice that he smells even worse than the soldiers that captured me.
The Colonel takes a few steps in my direction before noticing that Persephone is in the room. “Leave us,” he orders. Persephone bows her head and goes through the door, retreating into the night without a cloak.
The Colonel comes nearer and stands in front of me. I act as though he’s not there and don’t even wince when he strokes my cheek. “A sun-kissed goddess,” he whispers, moving his hand from my face to my hair. “You are a fair young woman and yet you’re not wearing a marriage ring. I suppose that means there’s no man missing you tonight. How convenient.”
I stare past him and focus on the window across the room. I can see an owl on a tree in the distance. I watch as it nestles it’s snowy white head under its wing. How can something so beautiful be in the presence of such evil?
The Colonel forces my chin up to look at him. He stares at my face for five long seconds. At last he releases me and turns around, unfastening his cloak. “I’ve had a trying day and you are the just the thing I need. Why don’t you get comfortable?”
I look around me, searching for any kind of weapon, but I don’t have enough time. The Colonel returns to the cot, turns me around to face the wall and begins untying my wrists. I feel his hot breath on the back of my neck as he starts to kiss it.
My mind shuffles through the dozens of methods I could use to kill him, but most of them require my sword. Maybe I’m strong enough to fight him with just my hands. Besides, they’re all I have. I form fists, muster all the strength I have left and prepare to strike.
Then the Colonel stops, his mouth just inches away from my ear. “What…” he snarls, his voice trembling with anger and confusion, “…is on your neck?”
I turn around to speak but there’s no excuse for my tattoo. It’s too late and the fatal mistake has already been made. He’s seen where I wear the mark of the kings—of my father—and now he knows that I’m no ordinary girl.
The Colonel grabs my shoulders and shakes me fiercely before pushing me towards the cot and striding over to pick up his sword.
Accepting that I’m going to die soon, I resolve to die fighting. I stumble to the bed and climb up, then wait for the moment that he jabs his blade in my direction. With a roar he charges forward. He’s only a few feet away when I do a flip over his head, just as I do every morning off the log in the forest.
I swipe my leg behind his knees. He falls to the ground with a thud and I start to run toward his sword that has flown across the floor. Just when I think I’ve escaped his reach he grabs my ankle and I go down, landing flat on my stomach.
The Colonel scrambles to his feet and picks up his sword lying a few feet away from me. I crawl backwards into a corner as he comes forward to stand over me with his sword aimed at my heart. I fleetingly consider begging for my life but decide to just let him kill me. I would rather die than grovel to the Fallen. So I close my eyes tight and wait for him to end my life. To feel the impaling blade.
DING! DONG! DING! DONG!
My body relaxes at this glorious sound. Am I already dead? Are these the bells that welcome you to the afterlife? No, I can still feel the ground beneath me. I can still sense the Colonel standing above me.
It’s the alarm bell outside.
I exhale a small sigh of relief because somehow they knew to come. The Redemption is here.
Eight   |   The Boy on the Roof
The Colonel glares down at me for a moment before turning around and heaving the door open. “Prepare for battle, you sleeping brutes!” he yells to the slumbering soldiers.
He spins around and faces me again, putting the tip of his sword against my throat. “I want your death to be so slow and painful that you’ll pray for death to release you. So I won’t kill you yet. But be warned: if you leave this cabin, yours won’t be the only life I end. I’ll go to your dwelling and kill every person in your family. Every person you’ve ever spoken to. Do you hear me?”
Then he opens the door and slams it behind him without waiting for my response. I hear him shouting to the men that have emerged from the barracks. I stand shakily and wrap my arms around my stomach, trying to keep everything inside my body. The hatred. The fear.
The trembling fades as I go to the window and look out. I briefly consider making a run for it but I can’t leave this cabin if it puts Rhoda and Aden in danger. I must be the only person to die today.
I watch Fallen soldiers stream toward the only gate separating them from the forest. I put my hand against the wall to steady myself and feel tears rising behind my eyes. I can sense the relief of them. My last cry in this life.
Then a voice comes from behind me.
“Shiloh?”
I freeze. 
The Colonel must have changed his mind and sent someone to kill me after all. How did they get in? How do they know my name? Do they know me because of my tattoo? Yes, that must be it. The Fallen aren’t as stupid as I thought.
“Shiloh?” the voice repeats in a strained whisper.
But the tremor is too gentle to belong to a Fallen soldier. It sounds worried, as though it’s concerned for me. Yes, I know that voice. I’ve heard it every day for ten years.
I turn around and find myself looking at an empty cabin. I walk forward until I’m standing in front of the window through which I saw the snowy owl. I stick my head outside.
“Up here.”
I look up and see him. He’s lying on the roof and reaching down for my hands. “Hurry!”
I stare at him in shock until words find their way out of my mouth. “I can’t come with you. He said they’ll kill you and Rhoda if I escape.”
“Rhoda is safe. She’s at Yana’s house in the village. Now come on!”
“How are you here? You were unconscious just a few hours ago.”
“Can we talk about this later? I’m trying to save your life and you’re making it quite difficult!”
I’m still confused but I stop arguing. I force my body through the small opening and raise my arms to grab Aden’s hands. He stifles a cry as his injured shoulder helps me pull myself onto the roof. 
I roll over to embrace him tightly then pull back to look at his head. A deep cut can be seen where the hilt of the sword struck him. He doesn’t seem to notice, though. He’s too busy craning his neck to listen for approaching Fallen soldiers.
“How did you get here?” 
“There’ll be time for that later,” he whispers. “The Fallen is going to realize there’s no attack and they’ll return to find you gone. They’ll go looking for you and that will be our chance to get out of here. The horse is waiting over there.” He points to a location east of the fort entrance.
“So the Redemption…isn’t here?”
Aden shakes his head. “These morons are running into an empty forest when they haven’t even seen a Redemption warrior. Typical,” he mutters. He turns to look at me. “I rang the attack bell.”
Infiltrating a Fallen fort on his own and clearing it of soldiers? I wouldn’t believe it if I wasn’t lying beside him right now, free from the Colonel’s clutch, my body still in one piece. Aden saved my life again.
I wait silently and hold my breath, counting the seconds until the soldiers’ shouts fade away. I reach up to touch my tattoo that nearly got me killed. Or did it save my life?
I see the watchtower in the corner of my eye. “Aden, the guard in the watchtower is going to see us!” But when I shift to look up at the pillar I find there’s no longer a man up there.
“Oh, him.” Aden follows my gaze. “I shot him before I entered the fort.”
“Shot him?”
“Yeah.” He points to his sling strapped to his belt. He has our sword sheaths fastened around his waist too.
“Thank you for bringing my sword,” I breathe. If Aden hadn’t retrieved our weapons and the Fallen soldiers went to our cottage, I know my sword wouldn’t be there when I returned. “If you hit the guard from all the way down there then how did you ring the alarm?”
“I shot that too.” 
He says it as though it were a target sitting just ten feet away. “You shot that too,” I repeat slowly. “You never cease amazing me, Aden.”
He looks over and finds my eyes. “Giving yourself up for me back there? It’s you who…” He shakes his head.
I smile a bit at his speechlessness and shift my gaze to the clouds glowing white above us. I follow their journey across the sky until the shouts on the ground below disappear and Aden nudges me to move toward the edge of the roof.
I’ve just lifted my head to survey the scene when the sound of galloping horses approaches from the fort entrance. I back away from the edge of the roof and go as still as stone.
Whoever has returned is shouting about false alarms, dead guards and the wild animals that must have killed them. Then the door to the cabin opens and closes below us. It’s not followed by a cry of anger so I can only guess that it’s Persephone.
Persephone.
I forget to be motionless and urgently point at the roof we’re lying on. “There’s another girl being held here,” I mouth to Aden. “We have to save her.”
I knew getting the two of us out of here was going to be hard. But three? The idea is hopeless. 
Aden seems to think so too. “Even if we get out safely, we can’t fit three of us on the horse,” he says. A long moment passes before he sighs. “But I can’t leave an innocent girl with the Fallen.”
“Let me call for her, then,” I say, motioning for him to hold my legs steady.
He nods and grabs hold of them as I roll to the edge of the roof and lean over to peer in the window. I’m just about to whisper Persephone’s name when the door to the room opens and slams once more.
“Where is she?”
It’s the Colonel.
Aden lifts me back onto the roof and holds me down as I struggle to reach Persephone, whose cries of pain pierce the night.
“I don’t know!”
Slap.
“Please!”
Thud.
I stop struggling against Aden’s hands and let the tears come. The ones that have been waiting to fall. How did I forget about Persephone? I could have saved her.
Her crying finally stops when the Colonel strikes one last blow. I hear him pacing beneath us and then cross over to the door. “McNab! Barley!”
“Colonel?”
“We’re returning to where you found the girl. You say you saw the pit they live in? Good. I’m going to kill everyone inside. Prepare the horses and tell the others to search the fort and surrounding area. She hasn’t gotten far.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Wait! We’re taking this one with us. I don’t want her getting the same idea.”
Four heavy footsteps cross the floor and begin dragging Persephone towards the door. I wrench my body from Aden’s grip and crawl over to the ledge to look down. The Colonel walks out of the cabin and mounts his horse, then waves for two others to follow him. They’ve thrown Persephone over one of the horses and have a knife trained on her lifeless body.
The Colonel yells at the lingering soldiers to search the forest for me. I watch as they fan out. A few stay behind to halfheartedly look for me in the fort but the warm fires quickly distract them.
I look at Aden before stepping onto the windowsill and lowering myself to the ground. My body buckles from the guilt of forgetting Persephone, but getting myself killed right now won’t help her. So I make my legs go straight and back away from the soldiers’ line of sight.
Aden drops to the ground next to me and points toward the direction of the stables. We duck behind the cabin and squeeze through the two feet of space that separates it from the log fence.
Now that he’s standing, I get a good look at what Aden is wearing. My eyes lock on the Fallen badge on his chest. It breaks my heart to see him in their uniform.
“Take that off,” I order, pointing to the red patch.
He looks down and flinches at the sight of it. “I had to wear this to get into the fort. I knocked out the guards in front and traded clothes before killing them. The bodies are somewhere over there.” He points to the forest over my head, and I can’t help but notice that his voice was traced with guilt.
“Well, you look horrible,” I say with a faint smile.
“I’ll take it off as soon as we get out of here,” he assures me.
We make our way to the back of the empty stables where a cart for moving hay sits idly by. I back into a dark corner and wrack my brain, hunting for a way out of this fort. 
In an act of poetic justice, we could set it on fire the same way the Fallen torches entire villages. But that could prove dangerous if the Colonel were to see the smoke and return.
I look to Aden in the hope that he has a plan but he looks as uncertain as I feel. He’s staring at the cart for hauling hay. Finally he turns to face me. “I’ve got something,” he whispers. “It’s not great but it might work.”
“What is it?”
He leads me to the hay wagon. “You get in the cart and lie as flat as you can,” he instructs, “and I’ll pile some burlap on top of you. I’m going to roll you along and tell the men I’m on my way to pick up the dead soldiers we found. I’ll know where to go because I’m the one who moved their bodies. As soon as we’re out of eyesight we can ditch the cart and ride the horse back to Hundman.”
This plan has the potential to get us both killed but I can’t think of a better one. I obediently climb in the cart and recline as much as possible, taking smaller breaths so the soldiers won’t see my chest moving.
I look at Aden once more before he covers me in burlap. I hear him grunt in pain when he uses his bad shoulder to pick up one of the cart handles. My body shakes as he pushes me over branches and rocks.
I hear men’s voices all around but they don’t seem to be taking notice of Aden. We travel for a while until I’m sure that we’re near the entrance. Then the cart stops abruptly and Aden’s voice reaches my ears. “Just going to pick up the bodies,” he said.
More angry murmuring. I feel a hand grab the burlap six inches from my ear and begin to pull it away. My head will be revealed in five inches. Four. Three.
I hear Aden’s voice again. “If you want to tell the Colonel that the bodies attracted wild beasts because we didn’t remove them quickly enough, then by all means. Otherwise, let me pass.”
His threat must have worked because the cart rises beneath me. We’re moving again and we don’t stop until we’ve reached the front gate. I hear some shuffling and murmurs, then I’m pushed forward and the sound of the fort fades away.
Aden begins to whistle softly—his way of saying we’re safe. I remain still until we come to another stop and he removes the burlap from the cart. I find myself looking up at crisscrossing tree branches and hearing the sound of a hooting owl somewhere close by. My exhausted mind wonders if it’s the same one I saw through the window an hour before.
I sit up and glance around, expecting to see the fort, but the dense trees have hidden us from view. With a sigh of relief I climb out of the wagon and trip on what feels like a tree trunk. I look down and a squirming nausea grips my stomach. It’s one of the guards Aden killed.
I sit down on a mossy mound and turn around to look at the body. The stab wound in its abdomen is surrounded with deep red, sticky blood. The man’s face is completely drained of color and his eyes stare at nothing. It was one thing to talk about killing the Fallen, but it’s another to see their bodies lying on the ground, never to move again. Did he have a wife? Children?
I swallow my doubts and the creeping suspicion that Rhoda has gotten into my head, and look around to find where Aden has gone. I spot his arms moving behind a tree as he pulls his own clothes over his head. I avert my eyes when his turns his bare back to me. The muscles under his tan skin move in synchronous, fluid motions and his arms are twice the size of mine. I ignore the rapid beating in my chest and stand.
Aden throws the Fallen uniform he was wearing to the ground and steps on it as he emerges from behind the tree looking more like himself. “The horse is over here,” he says.
My jumbled mind states the obvious. “We don’t own a horse.”
“It’s Tucker’s horse,” Aden replies, removing my sword from his waist and handing it to me. “He was keeping it at our home for the night, remember?”
I strap my sword to my belt as I follow Aden down a small slope. He stops and lifts a hanging tree limb whose vines dust the ground. I walk under his arm and enter a small enclose that’s completely surrounded by a wall of these hanging branches. The space is tall enough to stand at full height.
Tucker’s horse is tied to the trunk, patiently waiting for us to mount him. I unfasten the rope and halt abruptly when I hear the sound of breaking sticks somewhere beyond our hidden sanctuary. We remain motionless until the sound of the searching Fallen soldiers disappears. I grab the horse’s reins and lead him out of the hidden enclose. Aden mounts him first and then gives me a hand up.
“We can’t go back to the cottage because the Colonel is headed there, ” I say as the horse trots us in the direction opposite the fort. 
“I’m hoping Hundman Village is a safe destination,” Aden replies. “My grandmother was able to save a few of our things and we have to return Tucker’s horse. Besides, my guess is that they’ll search the villages nearest here first. They think you’re on foot and won’t expect you to get to Hundman before they do. Oh, here. Take this.” He unfastens his cloak and hands it back to me. “You must be freezing.”
“Thank you but I’m fine. You keep it.”
“Shiloh, you haven’t worn cloak all night. I know you’re freezing.”
“Really, I’m—”
“Please?”
I accept the cloak from him and reluctantly throw it over my shoulders. “Only if you agree to take the cloak in shifts.”
We ride for about a mile before circling back around to head southward towards Hundman. The trotting of the horse rocks me into an uneasy sleep and when I wake up I realize I’ve been resting my head against Aden’s back. 
I sit up quickly. “I’m sorry.”
“You can rest if you want.” He glances back at me. “I’ll wake you when we’re close.”
“I think that did the trick.” I pass him his cloak so he can get warm. “Did you see anything suspicious as we traveled through the forest?”
“I heard some strange noises and stopped to listen. I think it was just some animals, though. The soldiers probably won’t come out this far. I don’t think the Colonel wants to waste his time and soldiers’ energy looking for one girl, no matter how beautiful she might be.”
Silence falls between us while my heart drums along like heavy rainfall. But I don’t respond, perhaps because my exhaustion is threatening to overwhelm me or maybe because I misunderstood his meaning. I’m saved having to decipher it when I remember why the Colonel wants nothing more than to find me.
“He won’t stop looking,” I say quietly. “He saw my tattoo and recognized the symbol. He figured out who I really am, or maybe he thinks I’m part of the Redemption. Either way he knows I’m some sort of threat.”
“We’ll just have to remain out of sight,” Aden says. “We’ve been doing that all our lives, anyway. As long as I don’t use my shoulder for a few days, I’ll be as good as new by the time we reach the Redemption. And now that you have your sword, the Fallen won’t stand if they mistake of trying to kill you.”
I grip the hilt of my sword as the image of the Fallen soldier’s lifeless body forms before my eyes. I can’t stop myself from wondering how many Fallen I will send to the afterlife. I close my eyes and take a deep breathe. 
How much blood will I spill?   
Neither of us speaks again until I glance down at the sling at Aden’s waist and am reminded of the story I have yet to hear. “Aden, how did you find me? You were lying unconscious in the snow when they took me.”
His voice drifts back with the wind. “Rhoda discovered me just a short while after you were taken. She had gotten lost somewhere past the well and found me in the ditch, nearly dead with cold. She roused me awake and helped me back to the cottage with surprising strength. She put me by the fire and I told her what happened.
“She started packing all our things while I bandaged my shoulder, got our weapons and prepared to come get you. I was about to go on foot when Rhoda reminded me of the horse. I rode with her to Ringdum Road and she walked to Hundman from there.
“I returned to the path where you were taken and followed their horses’ tracks. You had been gone for over an hour so I followed them as quickly as I could. Suddenly I found myself in an unfamiliar section of the forest and in the shadow of their well-hidden fort. I circled it a few times, wondering how I was going to get in.
“The first thing I did was kill the guard in the watchtower with my sling. I was nervous so I missed him the first two times. I think he heard the second stone flying past him because he began looking around. He spotted me crouching in the woods and reached for the alarm bell, but the next rock hit him when his hand was just inches away from it. No one saw him drop.
“With him gone all I had to do was get past the guards. I snuck up to the fence and approached them as if I belonged. I knocked them out before they could see it coming. I dragged them into the forest and traded clothes with one of them. Then they began to stir. There wasn’t anything I could do, Shiloh. They would have woken up warned the others. I had to kill them too.”
“I know, Aden,” I say quietly. “Then what?”
“Then I walked into the fort with my head down and hoped that no one would recognize me as an intruder. I didn’t want to ring the alarm bell myself and be trapped in that watchtower, so I went behind the stable and loaded my sling with the biggest rock I could find. I hit the bell on the first try.
“Everyone started running around in a frenzy. Clearly they’ve never been attacked before by the way they were behaving. They clambered out of their barracks and ran to the armory while I slipped out from behind the stable. I saw you through the window of the Colonel’s quarters and climbed the roof. And, well, you know the rest.”
I shake my head as I picture his story. “You saved me just when the Colonel was about to kill me,” I tell him. “‘Slow and painful.’ That’s what he said it was going to be. I owe you my life, Aden. For the second time.”
He shrugs. “You owe me nothing.”
“I do, though. And I worry I’ll never be able to repay such a debt.”
Aden forgoes steering the horse and turns around to find my eyes. “There is no debt when it comes to you and me, Shiloh. There never has been and there never will be. I promise you that.”
I never doubt Aden’s promises because, like their owner, they’re steadfast and honest and they won’t be broken. 
 
§     §     §
 
The sign for Hundman Village appears through the trees. The morning sky becomes steadily lighter as we pass quiet farms and turn onto the town’s main road. It’s unsettling being the only ones up this time of morning, but when Yana’s home comes into view I see a candle flickering in the window. We’re not the only ones awake.
We dismount behind Tucker’s workshop and enter through the door by the garden. Rhoda and Yana are sitting at the table I was reclining at less than 24 hours ago. It feels like it’s been ages since my trip to town yesterday.
I run to Rhoda and hug her for a long time. “Thank goodness,” she keeps saying. “I thought I lost you.”
“I thought I lost you.”  
I move over to embrace Yana while Tucker fits Aden’s shoulder in a brace. The next hour is spent telling them what happened at the fort. I made the part where I was trapped in the Colonel’s lodging brief. It’s painful to experience that again and I don’t want to force the others to imagine it.
I didn’t mention Persephone either, because I want to cry every time I think of her in that cabin. I’ve promised myself that I’ll go back to save her. I believe the Redemption will triumph over the Fallen and when that happens, I’ll lead the charge to set her free.
With our story ended, Rhoda hands me the bag she packed that holds my few precious possessions: my mother’s handkerchief, favorite book, cloak and other set of clothes. 
“I’m sorry you had to leave your home, Rhoda,” I say as I take the bag from her and look inside.
She dismisses this with a wave of her hand. “I would rather my home be trampled by Fallen soldiers than ever have you taken from me again. What a tragic feeling that was, eh Aden?”
She turns to face him and puts her tiny hand up to his cheek. He holds it there and nods. “So you’ve accepted our decision to join the Redemption?” he asks her.
Rhoda smiles grimly. “This ordeal has made me see that there is no other way. Go and protect our kingdom.”
I kiss her on the forehead and lie down after Yana insists that I get some rest. Before I sink into the deep sleep I know is coming, I wearily wonder if I’ll never again visit the Fallen fort in my nightmare because I was forced to go to the real one. If that’s the case, then perhaps one good thing came out of this after all.
Nine   |   Morning Mayhem 
I wake up to the smell of roasting meat. It brings back more memories than a portrait ever could.
Silver platters.
Maids opening my drapery to let in the bright morning light.
My mother lying beside me, holding my hand before rising to begin the day.
The feeling of her palm in mine disappears as yesterday’s events lap over me like the tides on the Pepolah shore. I roll over in the bed, a warm haven, and wish I could return to a place of obliviousness where there’s no war to join or Fallen soldiers to hide from.
My body is so sore that I have to convince myself I wasn’t crushed by trampling horses last night, though that might have been preferable to what actually happened. I stand and grimace when I touch my aching ribs and elbows. Being thrown onto a horse and pulled to the ground by a murderous Colonel are not exactly comfortable experiences.
I go over to the table and sit by Aden, who’s eating dried berries and reading one of the letters Rhoda packed in her burlap sack the night before. 
“Are you sure you should be reading that?” I ask.
“Windum sent it to her during the first year of their marriage,” Aden explains in a hushed voice. “He’s writing to her from Ergan Peak where he’s staying with the Guardians.”
“Rhoda wouldn’t want you reading her personal letters,” I say, trying to snatch the paper from his hand.
“I deserve to know something, don’t I?” he asks hastily. “This is my heritage, Shiloh. It wasn’t fair of Rhoda to keep it from me.”
“Be that as it may, it’s not yours to read.” I lean across the table again to grab the letter. He stands up and raises the parchment above his head.
I sigh and sit down again before pulling the dish of meat towards me. When I glance up a moment later I notice his expression has changed. “What’s wrong?”
He continues staring at the letter with his brow furrowed. Finally he puts it down on the table and looks at me. “Rhoda is my father’s mother.”
It takes me a second to make sense of this. “Oh. I thought Rhoda was your mother’s mother?”
“So did I. That’s what she told me, anyway.”
“What does the letter say?”
“Windum is asking her how their son is. It says, ‘Is he crawling yet?’”
I frown at my breakfast. Why would Rhoda lie about such a thing? I suppose she could have felt closer to her daughter-in-law. Or maybe she’s ashamed of her son who abandoned his family, just like her husband did. “Aden, Rhoda spent more time with your mother and accepted the responsibility of raising you when she got sick. Rhoda probably considers herself your mother’s mother.”
He nods distractedly. “I suppose…”
I can see he thinks there’s more to the story but he resigns the issue with a jerk of his head and returns the letter to Rhoda’s bag. “We should depart for Meriton soon,” he says.
I nod. “I’ve never been to Meriton but I’ve always wanted to visit a port town. Do you know how far it is?”
“I’m not sure but my grandmother has a map of the realm. Maybe she can help us route our journey.” He gets up to retrieve Rhoda who I hear bustling about in the adjacent room. I eat the last bit of meat on my dish and stand to clear the table to make room for the map.
When I turn around at the sound of approaching footsteps, I expect to see Aden holding a large atlas like the one I saw in the Colonel’s barrack. But the paper Aden holds is small—two feet wide, if that. He lays it out on the table’s wooden surface and offers Rhoda the chair he was sitting in a minute before.
I bend over the frail page, which is at least 50 years old by the look of it. I get closer to marvel at the gold-embossed inscriptions and meticulous details drawn by the cartographer.
“This is beautiful,” I breathe.
“It was made especially for me when I was King Windum’s wife,” Rhoda says quietly. “See my name inscribed in the corner? I just couldn’t bring myself to get rid of it when I left him all those years ago…”
I take her hand before looking down at the map again. The Colonel’s atlas showed just vague regions of Magdiel but this smaller one is a more detailed view of the kingdom. It’s more enchanting too. The hills have tiny mountain goats standing among the peaks and boats are sailing along the Neema River. There are farmers tending the fields and carts traveling down roads. 
In the middle of the page is Haed Forest, which is a large green circle filled with trees and weaving creeks. The author even wrote the different types of plants that grow inside it. 
The paths that branch off Ringdum Road lead to more than 30 villages that are spread widely across the realm. I’m not sure if as many villages are still standing now. A good number have been burned to the ground on Orjak’s orders. 
I squint my eyes to see the villages northeast of Haed Forest that sit among the Orpha Mountain range which, like a giant serpent, curves its massive body to enter the territory of the other realms. Ergan Peak is located right in the middle of these formidable summits. The land becomes flatter and the mountains shrink as they approach the bottom of Magdiel where an inlet from the Pepolah Ocean is located. People in that area fish, sail and transport much of our realm’s tradable goods.
Villages west of there and directly south of the forest are situated on farmland that stretches for miles and miles, all of it owned by decrepit nobles or the Fallen leaders who’ve commandeered it. This is where Hundman Village sits. Many of the townsfolk here are second-generation land tenants—the generation that replaced the first tenants who joined Orjak’s regime a decade ago. 
Between Hundman Village and the Pepolah Ocean to the south is the Neema River, a narrow waterway that winds around the bottom of Magdiel and empties into the ocean on the west coast. There are ten more villages lining this western beach. Their close proximity to Haed Forest makes this region responsible for getting timber, fur and meat from the woods.
My gaze wanders up the map until my eyes land on the ancient castle that now accommodates the Redemption Headquarters. It’s not far from the shore but this map shows it as almost surrounded by water, except for the tombolo connecting it to land.
The island’s fortress is impressive even in this small scale. It must have been built back when Magdiel had abundant wealth. Back when the division of the realms and powers still made sense. Back when things were better for everyone.
I search for other forgotten castles but find only one. It’s the fortress Windum lived in after his predecessors were found mysteriously dead in their royal chamber. Located in southwest Magdiel, the castle is drawn here as a towering white structure with a large and colorful garden. I even see golden carriages passing through its tiny castle gates.
This palace is foreign to me. We didn’t move into it when my parents were crowned. They insisted on building a smaller, more practical place to rule because Windum left behind hardly any money when he abdicated to become Magdiel’s Guardian. He depleted our realm’s store of gold to illegally trade for magic, buy lavish props and bestow gifts on his advisors. So my parents dismantled his castle and sold everything inside to the other realms. Magdiel’s army had to be paid for, after all.
My parents deserved better than the gilded legacy Windum left behind. But I didn’t know we were living frugally when I was a child. Our home was magnificent in my eyes.
“Where was my parents’ castle?” I ask Rhoda.
“Here, love.” She points to the bottom right of the map where the mountain range has ended and there’s only grassy fields.
I touch the place she’s pointing to and see our castle in my mind’s eye. It was not grandiose. Its purpose was to be a fortress first and an abode second. The gray stones that made up its walls were thick and cold, so it wasn’t until you entered our living quarters that you felt comfortable. My mother made the most of the drafty rooms by covering every stone wall with tapestries and every surface with cushy pillows. Everything was red velvet. I remember that.
“It looks like Meriton is a day’s walk from here,” says Aden. He’s pointing to a large village west of Hundman where the cartographer wrote Meriton in a small elegant script. “And from there it will be at least a four day’s journey to the Redemption if we go through Haed Forest.”
“I don’t relish facing the beasts in those woods if we’re to journey without recruiters,” I say, looking up at him. “But Berwyn will be with us and that’s a comfort.”
“Berwyn is enlisting?” 
I shrug. “We won’t know for sure until he signs the enlistment but, yes, I believe he is. We should retrieve him from his house and we can travel to Meriton together.”
Aden nods and Rhoda stands. “Take this map with you,” she says. “You’ll need it to find your way back to me.” She shuffles toward the other room holding a wineskin that appeared out of nowhere.
I return to the front of the room and look out the window to assess the weather we’ll be walking in. Suddenly an instinct to look left of Yana’s gate reveals five burly men marching down the road. It’s not until my eyes make out the red badges on their chests that I’m able to move my legs.
I back up quickly, nearly tripping on my feet, and drag Aden to the back of the house. “Fallen soldiers outside,” I hiss.
Pulling my sword from my belt, I run to retrieve Yana from the garden. From outside I can hear the Fallen on the main road searching buildings and questioning passersby. Yana scrambles to her feet and waves for me to follow her into the house.  She pulls a ring of keys from her apron and beckons us to a large wardrobe standing in the corner of the room. Unlocking it, she holds the door open to reveal that it’s full of hanging swords and knives.
“This is where we keep the weapons Tucker forges,” she whispers as I climb in.
I take Rhoda’s hand from Aden and help her up into the cabinet. Aden follows her in and Yana shuts the door behind him. I close my eyes when I hear the lock click and open them again to see slivers of light through the cracks in the wardrobe’s door. I reach for Rhoda’s hand again and listen to Aden’s steady breathing. It helps me slow my own.
The wardrobe shakes a bit when there’s a loud pounding at the door a minute later. Yana crosses over to open it. “Yes?”
I hear the thudding footsteps of two soldiers walk past her and enter. Tucker comes in from his workshop and addresses them. “What’s your business here?”
“We’re looking for a girl. Gold hair, green eyes. She’s young, twenty-one maybe. Has a tattoo on the back of her neck. Seen her?”
Neither Yana nor Tucker answer right away. They’re probably feigning bewilderment. “No, I haven’t seen anyone I don’t already know,” says Yana. “And none of them have a tattoo on their neck.”
The men walk past the wardrobe we’re huddled in to stand right where we were a minute before. Rhoda’s frail body is shaking beside me. I turn my head to look at Aden. He returns my gaze and gives a slight but reassuring nod.
I look forward again and see the soldiers peering into the room Rhoda slept in. As they return to the front door, one of them stops in front of the wardrobe and reaches out to grasp the handle. I clench my fists and wait for his order to unlock the cabinet, but his fellow soldier calls to him from the front.
“Fall out, Tharlow. If you see the girl, notify Fallen soldiers. She’s wanted.”
Yana and Tucker don’t reply. The man standing in front of the wardrobe drops his hand and walks away from me, the outlaw he was just inches away from discovering.
I hear the front door close and remain still until Tucker opens the wardrobe fifteen minutes later. “I just watched the troop return to Ringdum Road,” he says. “You should be fine now.”
Aden gets out first and takes Rhoda’s shaking body. I step out and sink to the ground, resting on the back of my legs and touching the floor for support. “I don’t want to know what they would’ve done to us if they found me in there.”
Aden steers Rhoda to a chair and turns to face me. “But we had the advantage of standing among dozens of swords. I imagine that would have been a fun fight.”
“I can’t believe the people here pretended not to know me,” I say more to myself than the others. “If the Fallen finds out they lied, they’ll return and punish the village.”
“Shiloh, we’re on the brink of war,” Yana says with a bitter smile. “Things couldn’t get much worse for our village, nor any of the others.”
I nod as though I’m comforted by this comment but it doesn’t stop me from picturing Fallen soldiers ambushing Hundman in the middle of the night. The scene plays out in my mind as Aden and I pack everything we think we’ll need for our journey to the Redemption: two blankets, four loaves of bread, nuts and dried meat, two water skins filled to the brim and my humble bag of possessions. Aden isn’t bringing anything precious along except for a whittled bear he’s had since he was young. I saw him slip it into his bag while I was assuring Yana we’d be plenty fed on the trip.
I spend several minutes in Rhoda’s arms before embarking to Berwyn’s house. She rocks me back and forth and repeats, “My sweet girl,” under her breath until I start to question whether I can do this without her by my side. How do I thank the woman who saved my life and raised me when she shouldn’t have? No words will suffice. So I hug her as tightly as I dare and hope that that’s enough.
I embrace Yana next and through her curtain of hair, I watch Aden hug Rhoda. He’s trying his best to remain expressionless and only a trained eye would see that he’s breaking. Rhoda’s tiny arms are wrapped around his hips because he’s several feet taller than her. He bends down and kisses the top of her head, then slowly moves away and grabs his bag before walking out of the house.
She watches him go and turns to me. “Please take care of him.”
“I will.”
With one last kiss on my cheek she staggers over to the table, picks up the wineskin now half-gone and leaves the room.
“Take care of her,” I say to Yana.
“Of course,” she replies. “You’ll be in our prayers. Both of you.”
I swing my bag over my back and follow Aden outside. I fasten my cloak and pull its collar up over my tattoo, then remove the pin from my hair so that it will hide my face. Aden watches as the gold strands tumble down my back. He clears his throat and gives an approving nod before turning towards the other side of town.

§     §     §

We walk to Berwyn’s house by skirting behind buildings and avoiding the main road. I don’t need anyone seeing me and deciding to retrieve the Fallen that just left. When Berwyn’s house comes into view we run up to his door, knock once and are promptly pulled inside with a grunt.
“Care to tell me why the Fallen is searching for you?” he asks, his voice somewhere between anger and bewilderment. He points to the table, gesturing for us to sit. “They barged into my house before I had the chance to conceal myself from them. The imbeciles didn’t recognize me, thank the stars.”
I push aside the recurring suspicion that Berwyn is hiding something to tell him what happened last night. How I was taken, how I tried to fight the Colonel and how Aden saved me. Berwyn listens intently but makes no response. He remains silent for a minute after my story is complete. Then he stands up abruptly and strides to his bed before speaking to us with his back turned.
“When you told me yesterday that recruiters would be in Meriton, I thought I might join you in enlisting.” He pauses to pull a long leather case out from under his bed and comes back to set it on the table in front of us. “Then I changed my mind when I woke up this morning. I like my quiet, anonymous life here and my days of war are far behind me. But learning that they took you has convinced me that I can’t let these…” he shakes his head and looks for a word nasty enough. “…These razelas get away with it,” he finishes finally, choosing an ancient word considered too vulgar for use these days.
I try to hide my smile but Aden is wearing a wide, blatant grin. “Glad to have you on our side,” he says, holding out his hand to shake Berwyn’s.
I point to the leather case. “What’s this?” 
Berwyn holds my gaze as he opens its lid. Inside is a beautiful, glistening broad sword. Its silver hilt is embedded with a sapphire gem that’s surrounded by intricate flourishes. “It was a gift from the king,” he says with quiet pride, “after I led a victorious charge in battle.”
A gift from my father? I touch the blade gently and imagine him holding the sword as he presented it to Berwyn in thanks for his service to Magdiel. I swallow and withdraw my hand before looking up at Berwyn’s face.
“I have a feeling we’re going to learn a lot about each other on this journey, Berwyn.”
 
§     §     §

Most of the bleak morning is spent trudging through the mud to the Neema River that lies ten miles south of Hundman. If we follow its rushing current and twisting bank, it will lead us directly to Meriton Village in the west.
As I listen to the soft murmuring of Aden and Berwyn floating back to me in the wind, I let my thoughts float too. I think of my parents. I picture Rhoda all alone with her cup of wine. I contemplate how fortunate we are that the recruiters are enlisting tonight and not last night. How fortunate I am to be alive at all.
Then a pair of words reaches my ears and I’m torn from my daydreaming. It’s something Berwyn said, I think. Something that sounded a lot like Telgra Village.
“What are you talking about?” I ask, quickening my steps.
They both jump. They forgot I was back here.
Berwyn hesitates slightly before answering my question. “Aden asked what I did in the king’s army before leading men into battle. I was telling him about the place I was stationed after I first enlisted: a village called Telgra located in northeast Magdiel.”
I struggle to remain passive about this information. I can’t let Berwyn know that Telgra Village means something to me. To my parents, actually. It’s where my mother grew up.
I remember her telling me about her childhood in Telgra. How she thought she could see Ergan Peak from her bedroom window. How she and her closest friend would make preserves and sell them in the village. How a fair would pass through with games and performers and it was her favorite day of the year. How my father saw her dancing at a festival and asked her to marry him the very next day.
I wonder if Berwyn knew my parents while he was stationed at Telgra Village, but I know I can’t ask him. I turn to a less incriminating subject instead. “Was Orjak a threat at that time?” I ask. “Had you heard of him while you were stationed there?”
Berwyn fidgets with his belt and doesn’t answer right away. It looks like he doesn’t want to discuss this topic anymore.
“Please, Berwyn?”
He strokes his beard. “I suppose you should know what led to the war you’re entering,” he reasons with himself. “Yes, Orjak was just starting his regime while I was in Telgra. I was stationed there to recruit men for the king because he feared a threat against the monarchy, something he foresaw when the serfs started to protest that landowners were treating them poorly. They asked, ‘Why does King Windum give money to landowners and not enforce the few freedoms we have?’ Maybe Windum was ignoring the plight of the serfs and only cared about the landowners. Or maybe he truly didn’t know that the landowners were abusing them. We’ll never really know.
“Then King Jerik and Queen Milah took the thrones after Windum abdicated to be our Guardian. Four years into their reign, the new monarchy dissolved serfdom in Magdiel, but by then Orjak had already convinced the serfs that their new leaders were corrupt like Windum. Orjak had at least a thousand followers by then. He was forming them into an army. The king ordered the Fallen to disband but they wouldn’t comply, so Jerik sent his own army to fight them.
“Two battles were fought between the armies and the Fallen lost them both. They finally agreed to attend a series of negotiations with the king, who met with Orjak several times after that. A few days before the final negotiation assembly, the Fallen learned that the king wouldn’t be attending. Only his advisors would be there. Orjak considered this a deep insult and decided he wouldn’t cooperate any longer. He ordered the assassination of the royal family and it was carried out the morning of the final negotiations.”
With his story ended, Berwyn looks down at me and waits for my reaction to his tale. But my mind is blank and a cold, heavy pressure is pushing down on my shoulders. It takes all my effort just to keep moving forward.
Because his story confirms my fear. The one that has been hiding in the back of my mind since the moment I regained consciousness ten years ago. The one that says it was because of me that my parents died. It’s because I asked them to leave the castle on my birthday.
It was my fault.
I can sense Aden watching me but I don’t meet his eyes. I keep walking with my head down, wishing I were somewhere by myself where nobody would hear me and I could scream out until my lungs erupt in flames. 
Aden distracts Berwyn from my sudden silence by asking him about his goatherd and I’m left to walk alone again. But the guilt threatens to crush me with every step I take. It sticks a knife in my stomach and twists, waiting for me to give in. To collapse. To die. 
I just get angry. 
I know I’ll always live with this shame burning a hole in my heart, but the Fallen is to blame too. My parents listened to them and tried to help but nothing was ever good enough. The rebelling serfs must have known that the king and queen would just rebuild the villages they attacked, so they went after the one thing my parents did care about. Me. Our family. And they made sure we saw each other die.
I’m sure Rhoda knows much of this story and yet she implored that I forgive the men that killed my parents. How could I pardon the men who knew what they were doing when they shot my mother with an arrow? When they stabbed my father with his own sword? 
Some actions are beyond mercy.

§     §     §

I don’t utter another word until Meriton materializes in the distance two hours later. 
It may be underwhelming from where we stand, but I can see from here that it’s a larger village than Hundman. People fill the main road carrying baskets and holding the hands of children. There is twice the number of houses in the fields where cattle is scattered, scavenging for the grass that’s rare in the winter season.
“Why do more people live here?” I ask in a cracked voice.
“Boats stop at this port on the river to unload goods and food,” Berwyn replies. “There are more jobs to be had, making this one of the wealthier villages in Magdiel.”
I nod absently and look out over the river where the silhouettes of ships are sitting against the darkening sky. As we veer towards the town I hear my stomach growl. I haven’t eaten anything since this morning but I’ve been too lost in my mind to notice. The sooner we get to the tavern and I get some food in my stomach, the better.
“Do you suppose we’ll depart for the Redemption tonight,” Aden says, “or will the recruiters set out for Headquarters tomorrow?”
“It will be right away,” Berwyn answers. “It would be dangerous for the recruiters to stay in Meriton all night. At any moment the Fallen could discover they’re here.”
Aden is the first to reach the fence that surrounds Meriton. Berwyn and I climb up after him, though Berwyn takes a few extra seconds to propel himself over.
I pull my collar closer to my neck and ears as we weave between the people on the main street, more so to hide my tattoo than to block the freezing wind. This tattoo could be the end of me should it be seen by the wrong person. The miserable truth is that I can no longer trust anything or anyone. Not the trees, not the animals and certainly not the people.
I see the tavern up ahead. It lets a burst of light and a wave of sound onto the road whenever someone opens its door to find solace within. My feet quicken when I picture Hendrick sitting at a table inside, the precious quill and parchment for enlisting sitting on the table in front of him.
When we open the tavern’s heavy wooden door, a rush of warm air sweeps over our bodies, making the hairs on my arms stand on end. The large room is packed full of men who just came from working and women trying to catch their eyes.
It’s much bigger than Hundman’s tavern, which only has a few crooked tables and a small space of floor to dance to a fiddle. But this tavern is full of tables that cover the floor wall to wall. There’s even an elevated platform to the left of where the barkeep is handing out pints of ale.
I scan the crowded room and look for Hendrick. I spot him in a dark corner by the empty stage sitting next to a woman and two burly men. Like Hendrick, they’re all dressed in noblemen’s trappings.
I lead the way to their table and watch Hendrick shove a letter in his breast pocket before gesturing to his comrades to stand up and put their cloaks on. I roughly push my way to them, afraid that they’ll leave before I get the chance to sign up.
I finally break through the crowd of people. “Wait!”
Hendrick looks up at the sound of my voice and smiles. “Shiloh. I was hoping you’d arrive in time.”
Aden and Berwyn appear at my sides. “Are you leaving now?” I whisper even though there’s no need. It’s so loud in here that my voice is nearly drowned out by laughter and clinking glasses. “Let us join you,” I say louder. “We’ve come to enlist.”
The woman steps forward and as the slit in her lavish dress shifts, I see the glinting blades of two daggers strapped to her leg. Her stare is nearly as intense as Hendrick’s as she takes us in.
“We’re not going to Headquarters,” she says.
I frown and look to Hendrick for explanation. He waves for us to come closer. “We received word that a group of Fallen soldiers are on their way to find us. They think we’re one village over in Perlah and will wreak havoc on an unsuspecting town. We’re going there now to intercept them.”
“We’ll come with you,” Aden says firmly. “We can help.”
Hendrick shakes his head. “We can’t let you do that. You haven’t been trained yet. Don’t worry, we can handle the Fallen. You just get to Headquarters.” 
We stand in dejected silence as Hendrick leads the other recruiters around the table and starts toward the door. When he’s almost there, he stops suddenly, pulls something out of his cloak and returns to where we’re standing. 
Leaning in closely, he says, “You’ll need the password to prove you’ve been sent by recruiters. When you arrive at the gates, say this to the guards.” He puts a slip of paper in my hand but keeps his bright blue eyes locked on my face. “Burn after reading.”
Then he follows others through the tavern door and into the winter night.
I turn to Berwyn and Aden, who are looking at me with raised eyebrows. “I met him on the road yesterday,” I explain.
Berwyn nods but Aden’s body shifts slightly. I avoid his stare and hold the paper out to them. Berwyn takes it and reads its contents, then passes it to Aden, whose eyes soften before he hands it back to me. I bring the small scrap up my face and read Hendrick’s careful handwriting.
For the King.
Ten   |   Fighting in the Flames
I smile at the paper and wish to keep it with me always. To have it hung around my neck, just a heartbeat away. To have it inked onto my skin in its fitting place below my tattoo, the symbol of the kings.
Because the Redemption is fighting not just for the survival of our realm, but for my parents too.
And yet I can’t let this password get in the hands of Fallen soldiers. To do so would be the end of us all, so I reluctantly walk over to the windowsill where a candle sits flickering. I hold the paper over the orange blaze and watch the corners of the paper blacken and crumble.
With renewed conviction I return to Berwyn and Aden who are now sitting at the table Hendrick and the recruiters were occupying a few minutes before. They’ve pulled out Rhoda’s map and are bending over it.
“I was hoping it wouldn’t come to this,” says Berwyn. “Traveling through Haed Forest is dangerous even with three of us.”
“We’ll be fine if we watch for animal tracks and find good shelter,” Aden murmurs.
“You don’t know what lies in the bowels of that forest,” Berwyn replies darkly. “I’ve heard some nasty tales.”
I reach down to trace the ocean’s edge. “Should we just go around the forest and travel along the Pepolah coast?”
“It would take twice as long,” Berwyn sighs.
“Then we’ll do what we have to do and travel through the forest,” I say with a sudden surge of confidence. “Though I suggest we leave in the morning. I’m exhausted and hungry.”
Aden nods and stands. “Where will we stay?”
Berwyn pulls a small bulging sack from inside his cloak. It makes a jingling noise when he shakes it. “I’ll get us a room at the inn. Seeing as I might not make it through this war, I might as well spend my money on something useful.”
My lungs constrict at the thought of Berwyn not making it through this war. What if Aden doesn’t make it either? I quickly erase this thought from my mind because if I dwell on it much longer, I won’t be able to breath at all.

§     §     §

After getting some food in our stomachs we ask the barkeep about staying the night. Berwyn pays for one room and leads us up a creaky wooden staircase. The sound of laughing, sloshing and eating fade as we climb higher and higher.
There’s only one bed in the small chamber so Aden and I insist that Berwyn take it. The two of us lie on the floor and bunch up our cloaks to give our heads something to rest on. We hear Berwyn snoring above us within just minutes of our lying down.
I turn my head to see if Aden is awake. He’s looking at the ceiling but must feel my eyes on him because he looks over at me. I lower my voice to barely more than a whisper and say what we’ve both known for a long time.
“No one in the Redemption can know who I really am.”
He shakes his head. “Not if you want to fight.”
“What do you think they’d do if they knew?”
He looks up at the ceiling again. “Pull you from the ranks, I’d wager. You’d be their figurehead. A symbol to the kingdom of what used to be.”
Quiet ensues as I weigh his words. “I don’t want that,” I admit after a while. “I want to find my parents’ murderers and get out of the war. Then I’ll return to Rhoda and finally be able to lead a normal life.”
 “You’re meant for more than that,” Aden says to the roof.
“Well, you’re meant for more than being a miller’s apprentice,” I counter. “So let’s do something else.”
“Like what?”
“I don’t know…something important. Something that will make Magdiel a better place for our family and friends, where there’s no fear following us around or threat of burning villages. Where we won’t have to carry weapons or hide from our own leaders. One day we'll be free of it all.” 
“Free,” he whispers slowly, as though tasting the word on his tongue. 
“Getting there will be a battle," I say. “An uphill battle.” 
He sets his jaw. “Then we’ll fight. We’ll don our swords and we’ll climb that hill. It may take a while but we’re going to win, Shiloh. I know we will.”
I smile at his words…Aden sees me in his future too. “It will mean leaving it all behind,” I warn him. “It will mean not returning to Rhoda and Haed Forest after the war. Will you leave everything for the unknown?"
His arm brush mine as he looks down at me. “For you I will.”
 
§     §     §
 
We left the tavern at dawn.
We’re following the river again but today we’re going even farther west to Sadley Village. We’ll stop there for water before entering Haed Forest.
A constant drizzle has replaced yesterday’s dry weather. The monotony of it somehow makes the rain seem colder than it really is. The wind flows freely across the meadow we’re traveling in, with a current powerful enough to push us this way and that. I keep my arms inside my shirt underneath my tightly fastened cloak. Occasionally one of us will speak but the day mostly passes in reticence. The battering weather and my chattering teeth require too much of my attention.
We make good time, probably because we were moving twice as fast to keep warm. Sadley Village sits in a shallow valley only a quarter-mile north of the Neema River. We walk along the hill that overlooks the buildings and keep our heads cast down against the fearsome breeze until we decide to descend the slope to the village. We’ve just taken our first steps when something makes us stop and look around for the source of a noise.
“What’s that?” asks Berwyn. “The wind?”
“It’s too shrill to be the wind,” I reply, peering through the rain.
“It sounds like someone crying,” Aden says. “I think it’s coming from the river.”
We walk to the other side of the hill and peer down at the water rushing past the riverbank. I squint and see a little boy of four or five standing on the edge of the water. He’s reaching out to grab a small toy that has fallen in and his feet are beginning to slide towards the fervent river.
My body reacts before my mind does. I drop my bags and run down the hill, yelling out as the little boy falls forward into the ice-cold water. His little arms bob above the surface as the stream starts sweeping him along. I jump in and wade deeper until the water is at my waist, then snatch the boy from the river’s greedy grip. I pull him to my body and fight against the undertow to climb back onto the bank.
Berwyn and Aden slip and slide their way to the bottom of the hill. Aden grabs the blanket from my bag on the ground and runs to me so that I may tightly swaddle the boy’s tiny body. His chin is quivering but he’s not crying. He looks up at us with large brown eyes before nestling his head in my shoulder.
Aden circles me, looking all over my head and arms for injuries. “Are you alright? That was brilliant, that was.”
I shake my head dismissively, still lost for breath, and shudder violently from the cold.
Aden pulls his blanket from the bag on his back. “You’re always surprising me, you know that?” he asks as he drapes it over my shoulders.
Berwyn grunts in agreement.
I gesture to the village over the hill. “Let’s go find his mother,” I say with a gasp.
I hold the boy tightly and watch my feet as I carry him over the muddy hill to the fence surrounding the outskirts of the village. Aden and Berwyn climb up first and Aden takes the boy from me so that I can follow them over. We pass a few farms and small houses, then find our way to Sadley’s main road.
From up ahead we see the blur of a girl running frantically from building to building. As we get closer we make out the word she’s shouting. 
“Jeremiah!”
Aden holds up the boy and waves to the woman, who sees us and cries out in relief. As she runs to us I notice that she looks quite young—younger than me, even. Could this be her son?
Aden hands the boy over when we finally reach her. “Thank goodness!” the girl says with tears brimming her eyes. “Where was he?”
“He fell into the river over the hill,” Aden explains. Then he points to me. “Shiloh got him out just in time.”
The girl smiles at me briefly and then returns her gaze to Aden. I don’t think she’s noticed Berwyn at all. “Thank goodness you were there,” she breathes. “Our parents are dead and he’s all I have left. He’s always chasing dogs and cats into the fields, but I was only next door for a few minutes when he wandered off.”
So Jeremiah is her brother, not her son. “I can see the resemblance,” I say, my voice less shaky than before.
The woman nods vaguely. “How can I thank you all? Are you hungry? Would you care for some tea?” At this she finally looks between the three of us. “It’s the least I can do.”
Aden looks over at Berwyn and me. I don’t really want to talk to this girl anymore. We have Headquarters to get to and a kingdom to save. And the quicker we leave her behind, the quicker I get rid of this uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach. But I can’t voice any of this to the others so instead I say, “Sure.” I can’t deny that I’d like to get warm.
Berwyn shakes his head. “I’m going to find an old friend who is rumored to live here. I’ll meet you at the front of the town in an hour.”
He walks away as if he knows where he’s going and leaves me alone with Aden and the girl, who has spun on her heel to lead us down the muddy path.
Everyone turns and stares at the strangers walking through the middle of their town. Maybe they’re alarmed by the tall man wearing a shoulder brace, or perhaps the sword-carrying woman wearing trousers. When I look at Aden and me through their eyes, I have to admit that we’re a strange sight. The people in Meriton didn’t react this way, perhaps because they are more accustomed to seeing different types of people arriving on the port. This humble little village is nowhere near another and probably doesn’t get many visitors.
The girl leads us through a narrow alley to a small home that’s discreetly tucked behind the bigger buildings that face the main road. There are lines of rope strung up in every direction holding damp dresses and linen. A large basin sits near the side of the house. It’s resting on glowing coals and there are clothes soaking in water that smells like a concoction of fragrant flowers and herbs.
“I do laundry for the townspeople,” the girl explains, pointing to the rope above our heads. “Come in.”
We follow her inside and discover that her home is half the size of our own cottage in Haed Forest. She places Jeremiah on the ground next to the fire and draws a line in the dirty floor, telling him not to cross his legs or arms over it. He nods slightly and picks up the toy he saved from the river. He seems to have forgotten we’re even here.
Aden and I sit quietly as the girl pours us tea. She tells us her name is Portia. Her father died a year ago while sailing on the Pepolah Ocean, and her mother contracted the flu and passed away a few months ago. Portia spends all of her time in this nook behind the town, cleaning clothes and watching her brother.
“My mother also passed away from an illness,” Aden tells her with a sad smile. “It’s been a while since then but it’s still hard.”
Aden’s loss only increases Portia’s infatuation for him. She ignores me and asks him questions. Where are we going? Do we need somewhere to stay for the night? How old are we? Are we married?
Frustration burrows in my stomach and I find myself growing more and more agitated. I’m used to being ignored but this time is different. I get up to pour hot water in my teacup and when I return, I see Portia’s hand resting on Aden’s.
“I’m going to get rope,” I say suddenly.
“Rope?” Aden echoes. “For what?”
“For…your sling. It could really use some new rope, don’t you think?” I grab his sling that’s resting on the table. He removed it from his belt to show Portia after she persistently requested to see it.
“I’ll come with you,” Aden says, standing.
My gut tells me he’s blind to Portia’s intentions but that doesn’t stop me from being short with him. “You can stay. I just want to explore a bit. Thank you for the tea.” I say all this very quickly before hastening through the door.
It’s not until I’m out on the main road that it occurs to me I don’t have any money to buy new rope for the sling. I look to my left and right, wondering where to go, then decide to get off the street altogether. 
I wedge the hilt of the sling in my belt before traveling down the alley between the apothecary and inn. I climb a low fence and make my way to a heap of damp hay that sits a few dozen yards outside the town. Just high enough to hide me, the hay will ensure that I am not seen or found right now.
And I must be alone because this feeling—this fear—is overwhelming. Fear that the boy I always imagined being in my future could end up in someone else’s.   
So I close my eyes.
For once I am grateful for my lack of rest. The sensible part of me knows that I should return so as not to miss our meeting time with Berwyn. But I’m almost asleep now and a dream has already begun.

§     §     §

It’s a peaceful slumber until a deafening noise knocks loudly on my sleeping mind, trying to break through. Now something is burning in my lungs and I can’t breath. Did I swallow fire?
My eyes fly open to see black smoke blossoming in the sky above me like the steam off hot tea. A bloodcurdling scream sends shivers down my body. 
I sit up to find the village on fire.
I’m still hidden in the hay so the Fallen soldiers don’t see me as they charge down the road, setting fire to buildings and pulling women and children from their homes. They’re yelling incomprehensible threats and demands before shoving them to the ground and raising their weapons.
Where… Redemption…recruit?
Then I understand. Hendrick and the recruiters are protecting the wrong village. The Fallen were coming to look for them in Sadley, not Perlah.
Aden, Berwyn and I are the closest things to Redemption fighters in this village. 
I scramble to my feet and run in the mud behind the town, looking through the gaps between buildings to assess the damage. The Fallen soldiers have burned a quarter of the town’s structures to the ground and I see bodies lying in the street. Some are moving, most are not.
I watch as many men and a few women sprint to the main road, wielding whatever tools they had in their homes: pitchforks, hoes and iron rods. Some families are fleeing toward the meadow but I think some remain trapped inside the fiery buildings. I can hear them yelling.
I run to one of the buildings lining the field and begin tearing at weak wooden slabs until I see two figures through the smoke. It’s a woman cradling her crying baby. I climb inside, grab the child and bring it through hole I made in the wall. The mother falls out beside me, staggers to her feet and trains her dirty face on mine.
“Go to the river,” I cough. “You can follow it to the next village.” The woman nods and begins running towards the hill.
I repeat this act five more times until I reach the back of Portia’s home. Through the window I can see her struggling to calm her brother as she grabs their possessions and smoke fills the room. Aden isn’t there.
I peer through the open window. “Portia! Hand him to me through here!”
She grabs Jeremiah and helps him out over the windowsill before readying herself to climb out after him. I put him down and turn back to give Portia a hand but she’s disappeared. I call out for her and get no reply. 
I bend down to make my face level with Jeremiah’s. “Jeremiah, you need to climb under the fence and run to the hill where we first saw each other. Remember that? Wait for your sister there and she’ll come find you.” Tears fall from his eyes but he nods in understanding before running his little legs in the direction of the fence.
I climb through the window in the wall and run through the crumbling home. Through the door I see two Fallen soldiers dragging Portia along the narrow path to the main road.
I stop running and watch the scene unfold. Because it’s only now that I realize that saving Portia—saving this village—will mean using my sword on the Fallen for the first time. It will mean my first kill in this war. Portia cries out and one of them kicks her in the stomach. I flash back to my tenth birthday when the Fallen assassins did the same thing to my young body. 
All thoughts are wiped away as fury and hatred drive me forward. I pull my sword and call out when I’m just feet away. The one holding Portia turns around just before my sword sinks into his chest. I kick him off the end and round on the other, who has drawn his own weapon. He counters my first blow and backs up towards the battle that’s happening in the main road, where giant licking fires surround the villagers and soldiers. Bodies of young and old are sprawled across the street. Blood from their stab wounds can be spreading across the ground.
I throw jabs at my opponent in every way I can think of until I duck under one of his blows and swing my sword at his knees. He falls instantly, one of his legs nearly cut off. I push the blade into his stomach and then spin to help Portia to safety, only to find that another Fallen soldier wearing a cruel smile is now holding her. His matted black beard hides most of his face but I can still make out the stretched yellow skin beneath it.
The Colonel.
“What luck,” he growls menacingly. “I came to find a group of Redemption recruiters rumored to be staying here and I find you instead. I was quiet angry with myself for not killing you when I had the chance.” He holds his sword to Portia’s throat as she trembles with fear, her eyes boring into mine. “So tell me,” the Colonel continues casually. “Who are you? That tattoo must mean you support the Redemption.” He takes a moment to laugh with pure amusement. “What? You wish to join it?”
When I don’t reply he growls again and pulls harder on Portia’s hair. “Such a foolish cause, the Redemption. It’s about time we take it to war. Though it will be a shame to destroy so many who could be tending the fields.”
He doesn’t look upset by this thought at all. Rather, he’s smiling again as he watches a village man drop to the ground with a sword in his chest.
I use this moment of diversion to pull Aden’s sling from behind my waist and search for another way to distract the Colonel. I glance to my right and see Aden cutting down the Fallen with every turn, his shoulder brace lying on the dirt at his feet. Berwyn is down the road trying to calm people convulsing from burns and stab wounds. There are a dozen men from the village that continue to fight and the number of Fallen is decreasing. Slowly, but it’s decreasing.
“Soon you’ll be the only soldier left standing,” I reply, looking at Colonel again. I bend down and snatch a pebble at my feet when the Colonel’s head turns to look at the scene of battle for a second time.
“I’ll be long gone before that happens,” he says, unconcerned. “The only reason I’m still here is because now I want to kill you. Well, after I kill her.” He nods towards Portia and makes a small cut on her throat.
All I need is a second to raise the sling and bring it down again. At this range, he’ll be dead before he hits the mud. “What makes you think I’m going to let that happen?” I ask with narrow eyes.
The Colonel snarls. “You’ve already failed to protect her. She has taken her last breath.”
He looks down at Portia and this is the moment I need. I raise the sling above my head and bring it down so quickly that it’s invisible, but its whistle causes the Colonel to look up and see my arm slicing the air.
He lost his only chance to kill Portia and instead used his last second of life to exhale and close his eyes, preparing his body for the death he knows is coming. I watch with unsettling satisfaction as the rock sinks between his eyes and lodges in his skull.
Portia rolls out of the way before the Colonel falls to his knees and drops to the ground. I rush forward to help her up and she bends over my arm, heaving and crying uncontrollably. I sputter a string of comforting words before she pulls me into a hug. I tell her that Jeremiah is waiting for her by the river.
She pulls away and looks me in the eyes. “Thank you,” she says with a tear-streaked face. “Thank you for saving us.”
I watch her run through the smoke in the direction of the river as I get to my feet. With a shaky exhale I turn around to see Aden take on another Fallen soldier. Berwyn is wielding his sword now but they’re still outnumbered.
I feel my body run to Aden’s side and begin fighting the Fallen soldier that’s approaching him from behind. I shout to let Aden know I’m here and he turns to stab my opponent who’s getting the better of my weak side. I duck under Aden’s arm and counter his attacker with a jab at the shoulder. I jump as high as I can to kick him in the chin. He’s thrown back five feet. I run up to finish him, then glance around.
Where are the Fallen? They were here a moment ago.
I look towards Ringdum Road and see them running for their horses that are tied up outside of town. They’re out of orders and out of men, and their Colonel is no longer here to lead them.
Aden stands a few yards from me, wiping his brow, but this only smears blood across his forehead. Berwyn beckons us and we go from building to building in an attempt to find survivors while the surviving locals tend to the injured.
We walk the lengths of the village and yell out, but eventually we come to accept that everyone left in this town is dead. I let go of whatever hope I still had and sink to the ground in a heap, unable to keep myself standing. All of my energy has been drained and I’m left an empty shell. I want to forget everything. Today, this past week, my whole life. I want to start over.
When I raise my head I find Aden looking down at me. “I didn’t know where you were so I went looking for you,” he says hoarsely. “I saw the Fallen coming and started shouting to everyone, warning them. But I should’ve done more. I could have gotten more people to safety.”
His belief he didn’t do enough pulls me back to the present moment. I stand in front of him and force him to look at me. “You saved lives, Aden. Because of you, people had time to flee and get their families to safety. And I helped some of the trapped women and children, so all is not lost.”
“You did?”
“Yes. I told them to go to the river. Portia and Jeremiah escaped,” I add quietly. He nods at the ground and I turn away, too exhausted to wonder what’s going through his mind.
I slowly make my way back to Portia’s home where our bags should be if they’re not charred to pieces. Aden follows in my wake and then calls my name. I return to where he stands staring down at the Colonel. Aden kicks the body onto its back and looks at the rock.
“I wanted the honor,” he mutters.
I offer him a grim smile and turn around again to get our things.
When I return to the bloody street I see Berwyn huffing around the corner. He comes up and puts his hands on our shoulders. He doesn’t say anything. None of us do. 
Eventually the sound of approaching feet reaches our ears. I go to unleash my sword, ready to strike, but there’s no need to worry. It’s just some villagers returning from the river now that the Fallen is gone.
There’s wailing at the sight of the immobile bodies, followed by hushed condolences. The three of us back away unnoticed and leave the people to tend to their own. They don’t want strangers here any longer. That’s what led to this tragic battle in the first place.
We hoist our bags over our shoulders and walk away from the smoking ruins towards Haed Forest, a place that suddenly seems much safer than the villages surrounding it.
 
 §     §     §
 
We don’t make it very far into the forest before we decide to make camp. We haven’t eaten anything all day, we don’t have much in the waterskins we forgot to fill, and we’re weary from fighting the Fallen that outnumbered us. We need to rest.
We find a flat piece of dirt under an awning of tree branches so thick that we wouldn’t even know it if it snows tonight. But a gust of freezing air manages to make it through the canopy and it rushes past my body, soothing my skin that was on fire just a short while ago.
Berwyn skirts the edges of our resting ground while Aden lies down to sleep in the hope that rest will repair the injured shoulder he strained today. I sit against a tree trunk to take the first watch.
The sound of rustling leaves should calm me but I find myself growing more restless. The kind of restless that’s borne of having too many thoughts. Berwyn seems to notice. He abandons his patrol of the borders and comes to sit next to me. He waits for me to speak first.
“I can’t get their faces out of my head,” I whisper into the silence.
“The Fallen or the villagers?”
I shrug and watch Aden’s chest move up and down. “Both. But I suppose I meant the soldiers I killed. It’s a horrible feeling, isn’t it? Taking time away from someone. They might have had families.”
“That didn’t stop them from killing the men in that village,” Berwyn says gravely.
I look up at him. “That’s why I did what I had to do. I’m just saying that protecting people comes at a price. With every kill, with every last breath you take, I think a piece of you dies too.”
Berwyn lifts his head from the bark to returns my gaze. “You’re right. I won’t deny it. War changes you, sometimes completely. But you’re a soldier now and that’s something you have to accept.” 
“What about the drafted boys?” I ask. “Some are only 16 years old. How can I kill them?”
“That depends on whether they’re trying to kill you first.” 
I shake my head. “They know the Fallen will kill them if they refuse to fight. It’s kill or be killed.”
“And they make their choice,” Berwyn says quietly. 
I feel an involuntary tear escape the corner of my eye. “Why must old men get their killing done with youth?”
A moment passes before Berwyn speaks. “Listen to me, Shiloh.” 
I wipe my cheek and look at him.
“This is your task,” he says slowly, “your only responsibility: to fight for what’s right and defend those who can’t defend themselves. See, the Fallen signed their souls away to an evil cause they knew would end in war. They knew what they were doing. And when they took the lives of those innocent people back there, we tried to stop them. Don’t feel guilty for protecting people, Shiloh. Never feel guilty for that.”

Eleven   |   Berwyn’s Tale
Time moves more slowly in the forest.
Every step takes extra effort as we avoid fallen branches and keep an eye out for dangerous animals. It’s almost as if the forest itself is trying to push us out. To warn us that we shouldn’t go any further. And rightfully so. The closer we get to its middle, the more strange noises, indecipherable tracks and poisonous plants we encounter.
Despite the dangers all around me, my mind remained blissfully empty for most of the day and would only be shaken awake when Berwyn or Aden handed me food. I felt as though the black smoke I inhaled during the attack numbed my mind, dulled my senses and left me strangely lethargic. So I was pleased when night finally started to fall again and we decided to stop at a small expanse between a pair of ferns. Berwyn insisted that Aden and I sleep first. 
“We’ll be warmer if we share our blankets,” Aden said, looking at me out of the corner of his eye. 
“Okay.” 
We got to the ground and draped our blankets over us, and used our bags as pillows. But it was different than the night we spent on the floor of the inn. This time it was freezing and I was allowed to be closer to him. To have our bodies touching. I felt him move a bit closer to me and face the direction I was, and my heart beat so hard I was sure he must’ve heard it. I wondered if he was staring at my tattoo.  
I was exhausted but couldn’t succumb to sleep. Lying next to Aden’s body to keep warm was both foreign and familiar. Both secure and vulnerable. His arms were hot against my back and when I rose to take my shift a few hours later I noticed that my cloak smelled like him. 
I spent my shift wandering within ten feet looking for something to eat and mindlessly bringing my collar up to my nose. Then I realized what I was doing and made myself stop.

§     §     §

We made considerable distance the following day. We steered clear of plants whose leaves had red veins, and I took down a fox with my sling as it slinked in the bushes behind Berwyn. A few hours later we heard some howling in the distance, but it was still far away by the sound of it. 
Occasionally we would see something man-made lying on the forest floor and only then would I get truly fearful. Where was its owner? Were they attacked? Eaten?
Berwyn kept us moving on course until we reached the bowels of the forest and happened upon a small spring that had frozen over. We finished our small supply of water last night and one more day without it meant turning back and finding the nearest village, which would’ve delayed our journey to the Redemption by a few days.
This spring is where we’ve stopped to refill our waterskins and thank the darkening heavens that we’ve made it so far into these woods unscathed. It’s mysterious, a little disconcerting even. I can’t shake the feeling that something bad is coming.
I reach into my bag for food but my hand meets empty canvas. I look to Aden who pulls out our last loaf bread. “Soon we’ll have to resort to killing animals for meat,” he says, throwing me half the piece. “I hoped we wouldn’t have to do that.”
I sit on a log to eat my bread and watch Berwyn clean the blade of his sword, his lips pursed in concentration. 
“Berwyn?” I say. 
He looks up at me.
“Were you acquainted with King Jerik before he was killed?” 
This would seem an innocent question to someone who doesn’t know my past. And yet Berwyn is returning my gaze with his own knowing one. “Yes, we knew each other,” he says after a few silent moments. He returns his sword to its sheath and then finds my eyes again. “Your father was my closest friend, in fact.”
I go still, sure that I misunderstood him. But no. He said your father. I know he did.
I expected Berwyn to say he met the king once or twice. His sword was a gift from my father after all. But his closest friend? The absurdity of it makes me speechless. It doesn’t even occur to me to doubt Berwyn’s words, though. I know in my heart that he’s telling the truth—that he knows who I really am. I can feel it. He knows that I’m Princess Adira, and has probably known it all along.
Emotions begin clawing at my heart in a battle for control. Confusion. Relief. Hurt. I return his stare more so because I’m frozen in this position than anything else. I’m also waiting for him to explain why he never told me this. There had better be a good reason.
Berwyn seems to realize that he must keep speaking—that I deserve to know what he’s talking about—because he clears his throat and begins his story. “Your father and I joined the king’s army together. We grew up in the same village, see. We thought we had the world at our fingertips when we joined the infantry. 
“We traveled all over the kingdom and met people from different backgrounds. It wasn’t long before we figured out that the other realms were different than our own based on the legends we came across. Our greatest desire was to make Magdiel so powerful that the other realms would never threaten it.” He chuckles darkly. “We should’ve been more worried about our own people.”
I never knew my father was a foot soldier. This fact distracts me for a moment. “If my father was just a soldier then how did he become king?”
Berwyn folds his arms and looks at the dirt. “About three years after we enlisted, we were stationed at Telgra Village to recruit men. It was in Telgra that Jerik met your mother and they married. It’s also where he came into contact with the serfs that hated King Windum. Your father was their listening ear. Even though he was a soldier of the king, he sympathized with them. So the serfs asked if he would bring their case to the castle.
“Jerik agreed to go to Windum and set out to meet him, but Windum abdicated the throne to be Magdiel’s Guardian before Jerik could reach the castle. The Guardians immediately conducted the selection of the next king. They heard the cry of the people and by the time your father arrived at the fortress, he was told that he was chosen as the next monarch. The serf’s allegiance to him was so strong that it won him the crown.
“But no one foresaw that Orjak would rally the serfs against your father. You see, Orjak was convinced your parents were in Windum’s pocket. That they were under control of the man who started all the suffering.”
Berwyn’s story unfolds in my mind. I picture my father knocking on the front gate of the castle and being handed the scepter. He must have been so overwhelmed. So unprepared.
I focus on Berwyn again and ask him a question I’m not sure I want to know the answer to. “You’ve known that I’m Adira since the first time we met in Hundman, haven’t you?”
Berwyn nods slightly. “I saw you at the castle when you were growing up. When I met you in Hundman years later I was worried you would recognize me.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I ask, trying to keep my voice from shaking. “If you had, I wouldn’t have wondered why my father was hated by the Fallen or what led to my parents being murdered in front of me. You have…” I pause and take a labored breath, “…you have no idea what not knowing has done to me.”
Berwyn meets my eyes. “You reminded me of my good friend who I let down. Who I let die. You carry his sword and you look just like your mother. Don’t you see? When I look at you, I’m looking at them. And I thought that if I remained a friend—a stranger, even—then your new life could be a chance to start over.”
Aden steps forward. “Then why did you offer to train her?” 
Berwyn sighs. “You admitted your desire to join the Redemption the very day Yana introduced us. It was obvious to me that you wanted to find the Fallen soldiers that killed your parents. I knew I couldn’t stop you, but I could at least teach you to fight the way your father would have taught you.”
I keep my hands from balling into fists by closing my eyes. When I open them again and find Berwyn, I have to resist the urge to scream at him. He shifts in his seat and averts his gaze. I look away into the dark forest and mutter something about needing time alone.
I find myself in another small clearing a few dozen feet away. I spend the next hour wandering in circles, slicing tree trunks with my sword and violently cutting vines hanging from branches, all the time thinking about how my life would’ve been different if I’d known I lived a mile from my father’s best friend. Wondering if I would’ve been content with my second life knowing that Berwyn was nearby. If I wouldn’t have felt the need to seek revenge at all.  
I hear the sound of breaking branches and turn to see Aden approaching. He pulls out his sling and loads it. “I’m sorry,” he says as he releases a stone into the forest.
“It’s not your fault Berwyn lied to me for ten years,” I reply. “I might not be here today if he’d told me the truth, Aden. I’d be with Rhoda at our cottage picking vegetables. Instead I’m in this treacherous forest trying to fulfill a duty that perhaps I was never meant to have. So why? Why do I still want this?”
Aden sends another stone soaring through the darkness. “When it comes to those we love, we’ll stop at nothing to protect them. Alive or dead. We’ll risk our life to do it. That’s why you want this. You want to restore balance.”
I return my sword to its sheath. “I see now that you were right. Joining the Redemption is my fate. My purpose in life is to chase revenge. Berwyn has proved that.”
“How?”
I turn to face him. “Berwyn could have told me the truth at any time. He could have prevented this scorching hole in my chest or at least stopped the maddening thought that the pain would go away if I only destroy the Fallen. But he didn’t. So what am I supposed to take from that? It can only mean that this future has been in store for me since the beginning. Berwyn couldn’t get in fate’s way and neither can I.”
Aden sits on a log at our feet and looks at his folded hands. “You’re forgetting that you have free will. Joining the Redemption is a choice, Shiloh. You can still turn around and go home. You don’t have to do this.”
“Free will,” I repeat, sitting down next to him, “is a difficult thing to believe in considering the lives we’ve led.”
“It is,” he nods, “but it would be foolish to ignore it. It’s the only thing that offers a taste of freedom in this life. Freedom to choose our own way in this dangerous, faltering kingdom where our villages aren’t stable and our leaders are corrupt. Free will is our only weapon against them.”
“Then what about fate?”
He shakes his head. “I’ve never liked that word.”
“Oh, that’s right,” I sigh. “You prefer destiny.”
He smiles a bit. “Or providence. Those seem a bit more personal, don’t they? More intimate.”
I look at him with a tilted head. He looks older somehow. “Providence, then,” I say. “What about providence?”
“That exists too,” he answers thoughtfully. “At least, I believe in it. It may toss us around without asking our permission, but it also allows us to hope that life will get better. Some things are out of our control and all we can do is look for the meaning in them. We have to put our faith in something, don’t we?”
“You may be right, but then—?”
“Why do our choices matter?”
I nod.
He looks forward into the forest. “The most important choice free will gives us is to either accept or deny that providence will have its way in the end. If you choose to believe that, then free will becomes a gift rather than a burden because you know that no matter what, you’re already headed for the other side. Any choice we make after that is for the sake of happiness. For the sake of love.”
His words swirl around in my mind, painting a harmony I never thought existed. And he’s right. My journey has suffered from my own follies and been put back on course by destiny’s hand. After all, it led me to Aden and put me in Rhoda’s care. There must be a reason for that.
“If I really get to decide for myself,” I say slowly, “then I choose the Redemption.”
“Why?”
“Because I don’t want to be haunted anymore.” I raise my head to find him looking at me, his eyes deep and curious and something else too. “And because that’s where you’re going.”
I wait for him to look away but he doesn’t. He just keeps staring at me, trying to understand. And for once I’m the first to stand and walk away.

Twelve   |   The Ocran Outlaw 
I have nothing to say to Berwyn so Aden is the only one who talks the rest of the day. He tries to alleviate the tension by whistling or pointing out interesting plants. I just give him an, “Oh, yes,” and Berwyn replies, “Aye.”
The forest is almost pitch black by the time we settle down to eat supper. When we’ve finished our meals Aden removes his brace and we practice with our swords to determine if his shoulder is healed enough. He came close to beating me, to my chagrin. He spends the next fifteen minutes jabbing his sword through the empty air with a satisfied smile.
We briefly discuss continuing through the forest at night but we’ve heard enough forbidding stories to keep us safely huddled between a grouping of trees. I offer to take the first shift of lookout, then rouse Aden a couple of hours later and take his spot on the ground.
When I wake up I hear trilling somewhere above me. I open my eyes and turn my head to find that Berwyn and Aden have already packed our things and have the map out. They’re bent closely to its surface trying to find where we are.
“We made it to the middle,” Berwyn says, pointing at the center of the map. “That’s the creek we saw yesterday. We should reach Pepolah’s shore in a few days.”
I get to my feet and stand behind Aden. “Do you find it strange that we haven’t run into anything dangerous?”
“Looks like we might make it through this alive,” Berwyn says, clapping his hands and waving us forward.
I would regret asking that question two hours later when we begin to notice strange tracks on the muddy path we’re following.
“Bear?” Berwyn suggests.
“Too small for that,” Aden replies, bending down to inspect the track. “It’s almost human.”
None of us speak for a few seconds. We’re all imagining the type of creature that would make such an imprint.
Berwyn clears his throat. “Well, as long as we don’t run into its owner, I don’t see any reason to be afraid.”
We continue on, but we’re so distracted by the tracks on the ground that we don’t see the markings carved into the trees. If we had, we would’ve recognized them as foreign shapes—something not of this realm. Maybe we would have seen them for what they really are: the language of magic beings warning us that we were entering a warlock’s den.
But we weren’t paying attention.
We go forward obliviously and cross an invisible barrier where the air changes from crisp and clear to thick and heavy. Our voices become distorted and there’s no sign of life anywhere. We walked right into what might be the most dangerous place in this forest.
It’s too late to turn around now. Here we stand, staring up at the twisted hut that looks like a giant hollowed-out bee’s nest. It sits 20 feet in the air between the branches of two towering trees. There’s a dark halo surrounding the hut, as though it’s being held in place by a sinister enchantment. A few lamps are hanging from the surrounding branches, emitting an eerie blue light onto the forest floor below.
We walk silently beneath the trees towards the path that continues into the woods beyond. I can hear Berwyn’s heavy exhales behind me but my own breath is trapped inside my chest.
Twenty feet. Fifteen feet. The crack of a twig. The swoosh of a cloak. The warlock materializes in front of us, blocking our way out.
His hood is covering his eyes but I don’t need to see them to know they’re terrifying. The skin around his orange mouth is stretched, scaly and reptilian. His crooked, spiked teeth jut out at odd angles and I can smell blood on him.
If your type of magic dictates your appearance, then this warlock must be one of the darkest there is. He’s big and he’s limping toward us. His walk reminds me of the jesters in stilts at village fairs.
“Deadly missstake,” hisses the warlock.
I pull my sword from its sheath and back up a few steps. Aden and Berwyn do the same, but we all know our weapons are futile against a warlock. Legend has it they’re impossible to kill with human tools and their magic can heal anyway. There’s no way out now.
“Ignored my sssigns, did you?” the warlock says to no one in particular.
“We mean you no harm,” Berwyn replies with a surprisingly steady voice. “Let us be on our way and we’ll leave your dwelling.”
“I can’t have you ssspreading word of my whereaboutsss, can I?” The warlock takes another step forward. “If the people in thisss realm knew I lived in their foressst, it would be horribly inconvenient for all of usss.”
“What are you doing in our realm?” I ask, biding our time.
The warlock lets out an evil cackle. “Let’s just sssay that in Ocran I’m…an outlaw. The people who rule thisss land allow me to ssstay in the foressst as long as I ssstop people from traveling to the enemy camp.”
His words send me shaking with anger. So on Orjak’s orders, this warlock kills those trying to find the Redemption Headquarters. Traveling through this part of the forest is the quickest way to the Pepolah’s western shore. And I can’t help but wonder how many people he’s kept from reaching it.
“There must be something we can give you,” says Aden. “What do you want?”
“What do mortalsss have that I can’t get myssself?”
“Everyone has a price,” Aden answers.
“I would sssettle,” the warlock concedes, “for the possessionsss you hold mossst dear.”
Berwyn regards the warlock with impatience. “Such as?”
“The girl carriesss a handkerchief. That will do.”
How does he know about my mother’s handkerchief? I refuse to negotiate and hand over the one thing that connects me to her. I shake my head and look at Aden, who’s speaking to me with his eyes. Your life is more important, they say.
I listen to the sound of Aden and Berwyn’s breathing as I look back at the warlock. He’ll kill all three of us if I don’t give him the handkerchief, so I grit my teeth and pull the frail cloth from my bag. I run my fingers over the water and birds my mother stitched before placing the fabric in the warlock’s bony hand.
He hisses with delight. “Now the boy. You keep a sssmall whittled bear with you. Give it to me.” 
Aden pulls the bear from his pocket and tosses it to the warlock.
“And your sssword.” He’s addressing Berwyn now, who’s tightly gripping his weapon’s hilt. For a moment I think he’ll refuse to relinquish it. Then finally, after ten long seconds, Berwyn slowly passes the sword to the warlock’s outstretched hand.
“What makes you think we won’t tell anyone you’re here?” Berwyn asks suddenly.
I throw him a look. Why would he put this idea in the warlock’s head?
The warlock sneers. “Your possessionsss will tell me all I need to know about you, including where your loved onesss live, their namesss, what they do, and ssso on. If I learn that you revealed my location, you won’t even have time to make your goodbyesss. And oh, what’s thisss?” He brings my handkerchief up to his ear. “The girl will be essspecially ussseful.”
The warlock steps aside to let us pass. Aden and I divert our eyes and begin walking to the path across the clearing. But Berwyn stays behind, staring at his sword in the warlock’s hand. “Don’t do anything you’ll regret,” the warlock whispers. He must know what’s going to happen next.
I call out one second before Berwyn lunges but I’m too late. He falls to the ground at our feet, right where the warlock stood a moment before. The monster must have disappeared and materialized somewhere else. We look around frantically as Berwyn returns to his feet.
I follow Aden’s beckon when he begins to run toward the path leading out of the den, but then something begins twisting up my legs. I fall to the ground and land on my chin. I reach down and feel tree roots writhing their way up my body and squeezing my limbs like a snake. My sword lies a few feet away from my tethered arms.
I look over and see Aden struggling. We share one brief glance and then stop moving. The tree roots stop squeezing as hard but they continue wrapping around our torsos. Berwyn is fighting against the sinewy wood with all his might and I can see his face turning a sickly blue color. The vines are suffocating him.
The warlock stands on a small mound above us. He’s holding a long sharp dagger, waiting for us to die.
I hear Aden gasping my name and turn to look at him. He jerks his head to the side and I peer over his stomach. His sword’s hilt is sitting only inches away from his trapped hand. Distract him, he mouths.
I nod slightly and watch the warlock walk past Berwyn’ thrashing body towards me. When he bends down over my limp body I see his eyes for the first time.
My first instinct is to gag and the second is to close my own eyes. The warlock’s eye sockets are sunk so far back into his head that you could put your finger through his skull. There is no white in these holes, only blackness. His nose is a smooth mound on his face, as though the skin grew over it and is hiding it from view. He has no nostrils, just gaping holes in the side of his head that he must use to hear.
“What a shame,” he says, just inches from my face. “You would have been ssso very helpful.” When he puts the tip of the dagger between my eyes I do the only thing I can think of to give Aden the time he needs.
I spit in the warlock’s face.
He reels back and emits the most chilling screech I’ve ever heard. It makes my hairs stand up straight and gives me a blinding pain behind my eyes. By the time I’m able to open them again, Aden has cut himself free and is grabbing something lying near my head. He begins swinging it in the air and then releases, and I hear a whizzing sound pierce the silence. The warlock charges forward with his knife but stops to look up at the sound of breaking glass. Aden used his sling to break one of the lamps above us and the shards are now falling towards the warlock’s head.
Aden runs to my side and cuts me free as the warlock vanishes again and reappears ten feet to our right. He watches the glass fall in the mud while Aden and I grab our swords and stand facing him, ready to deflect his next move. 
I carefully step towards Berwyn, whose body is lying still, but I keep my eyes trained on the warlock. He’s less interested in me now and more concerned about Aden, who’s circling around to the warlock’s other side. He must only be able to focus his magic on one person at a time.
I reach Berwyn and bend down to feel his pulse. I can’t find it. I stand up to yell to Aden but he’s already looking at Berwyn and me. He doesn’t see the warlock cocking his arm. I have only two seconds—three, maybe—to reach Aden before the dagger meets his heart. I lunge forward as a gray streak crosses my vision. I throw my arm out to knock the dagger out of the air with my sword but I went too far. The knife hits my back instead.
I fall to the ground and wait for the pain. One moment goes by, then five, but the sting of the knife never comes. I reach back and feel it lodged in the sack that is slung across my back. It’s deadly blade was thwarted by the book Rhoda packed for me.
Aden lifts me up and pulls my body to his. For a moment I think he’s going to kiss me. His mouth is so close to mine, his quick breathing in sync with my own. But he just reaches around and pulls the blade from my bag.
I raise my eyes to look in his. “That makes us nearly even.”
He smiles and gently removes his hand from the back of my neck, then turns forward to throw the knife back at the warlock before he can use his magic to stab us with it. The warlock disappears and the dagger sinks into a tree trunk.
“Is he gone?”
“I doubt it.”
We’ve only taken half a step when suddenly fire erupts all around us. We’re encircled in a wall of orange blaze that’s keeping us from Berwyn’s dying body and the warlock who’s now standing to our left. 
We approach the fire but they’re no ordinary flames; they’re making our skin burn with blisters from feet away—blisters I can’t see on my skin but feel all the same. The pain is so intense that I contemplate running into them to end it all.
I’m reeling to the left and right, peering through the licking flares and wondering how much longer I have to live, and that’s when I see it. It has become dislodged from the warlock’s robe at some point during the fight. It’s a small blue orb hanging around his neck, glowing with the same light that fills the lamps hanging above us. 
I don’t know anything about a warlock’s power, but my gut is telling me that this orb is the key to destroying it.
I drop to the ground and find a rock, then lunge myself at Aden’s convulsing body to release his sling from his frigid grasp. I stand again, soon to buckle from the pain, and load the weapon. The burning sensation on my arm makes me scream out but I force it to revolve anyway. I bring my arm down and watch the rock soar, then I hear the sound of breaking glass above the fire’s cackle. It must’ve hit the warlock in his chest, shattering the orb.
I squint through the gaps in the fire and see the warlock’s menacing smile fade. He looks down to touch the rock lodged just below his throat. He moves his finger to the broken necklace, looks up at the sky and emits the same screech we heard him yell earlier.
The flames surrounding us disappear with a pop. The tree roots stop contracting on Berwyn’s body and the dark haze that surrounded the warlock’s den above us is no more.
The warlock throws himself at the tree to retrieve his dagger and then stumbles toward us. Aden and I are in too much pain to raise our swords so we back up, only to trip on our feet. Then a cracking noise fractures the den’s deafening silence. The warlock stops running and looks around fearfully. I strain my ears to hear what direction the sound is coming from.
Up.
I raise my head to see the warlock’s hut teetering on the edge of the branches, which are breaking under its weight. The nest is no longer held up by the enchantment keeping it steady. The warlock follows my stare and looks up just as his dwelling comes tumbling down. He lets out one surprised gasp before getting crushed beneath the structure.
I cry out in relief and run to Berwyn. I put my ear to his mouth and hear nothing. “No, no, no.”
I push on his chest and peer under his eyelids. I speak to him, I shake him, I sit him up so he can breathe. Nothing happens.
I let out an angry cry and try to think of something—anything—that will bring him back. I might have been angry with him earlier but I refuse to let him die. I must save my father’s best friend.
I push on his heart one more time and look up at Aden, who’s watching me with eyes that have already given up. Then a sputtering comes from below.
“Berwyn!” Aden rushes forward to lift him into a sitting position.
“What happened?” Berwyn wheezes.
“The warlock is dead,” I say, my relief audible in my voice. “We’re fine now.”
Berwyn shudders. “My sword?”
Aden walks over to where the warlock’s torso is jutting out under the hut. He retrieves Berwyn’s sword that’s glinting beneath the structure and pulls our other treasures from the warlock’s robe pocket.
“Berwyn, why would you try to attack the warlock?” I ask testily. “You almost got us killed.”
He breathes deeply with his eyes closed. It’s a minute before he answers. “It turned out all right, didn’t it?”
I sigh with exasperation and walk over to the destroyed hut. The orb that hung around the warlock’s neck is lying on the ground a few feet away. I bend over to take a closer look. A blue vapor is evaporating into the air, making a hissing noise that sounds just like its owner’s voice.
“The head,” Berwyn whispers from behind me.
“What?”
“You have to cut off his head. That’s the only way to ensure his death.”
I look back at the warlock’s unmoving body. I’ve never imagined myself cutting off a head before. It seems a bit excessive and, well, cruel. But what if the monster were to heal or wake up somehow? He’d come looking for us. I suppose if it’s the only way to kill him for good…
I don’t allow myself to think. I just stand, push away the pieces of hut hiding the warlock from view, and pull my sword from its sheath. I raise my sword and barely hear Aden say, “I’ll do it,” before swinging the blade down with my eyes closed. The resistance I feel when I meet his neck tells me I hit my target. I keep my eyes closed as I back up. I don’t stop until I know I’m not facing the severed body anymore.
“Let’s move Berwyn away from this place,” I say to Aden once I finally open my eyes.
He nods, impressed. “Alright. You take the legs.”
We gently pick up Berwyn’s limp body and go fifty feet along the path we were walking toward before this frightening event happened. When we reach a patch of spongy moss we set him down to let him rest.
Aden offers to take the first watch but I don’t think I could sleep if I tried. The evil I saw in the warlock’s face is still etched in my mind and I suspect the memory of him will take the place of my fort nightmare from now on.
So Aden and I sit together a few feet away from Berwyn and discuss what happened. I’m inclined to leave Berwyn right here and let him find his own way to the Redemption. He put all our lives in danger for a sword, and I suppose I’m still mad at him for lying to me for ten years. But Aden eventually gets me to agree that Berwyn must go on with us. I can’t deny that the prospect of his dying hurt me to my core, or that we need his skill and his weapon.
An hour into our shift I look up at Aden. “The warlock said I’d be especially useful. He must’ve known who I really am.”
Aden nods. “The lost princess. He said he could tell things about people just by owning their possessions. He could’ve used your handkerchief to find you and use your whereabouts to barter with Orjak.”
“And that’s why he let us go,” I murmur. I look at the sky to give silent thanks that the warlock didn’t live to fulfill this plan. When I lower my eyes I see Aden moving his finger across the smooth surface of his wooden bear.
“Tell me about that,” I whisper, pointing to the whittled toy. “You never explained where you got it.”
“I found it as a boy,” Aden says dismissively.
“I know that much,” I say. “But that can’t be the whole story. Where did you find it?”
He looks down at me. “You really don’t remember?”
He drops the bear in my hand. I turn it over and wonder what he’s talking about. I know I saw him with the statue soon after I arrived in his home but I don’t know where it came from. I shake my head and wait for him to explain.
“You made this the first week you lived with us,” he says quietly. “Rhoda said that whittling helped her after her sister died, so she gave you a knife and a stack of wood. This was one of the things you made.”
I touch the tiny ears and try to remember carving them. I was so afraid of everything that first week with Rhoda and Aden that I’ve blocked it out completely.
“You'd lie in the bed carving all day,” Aden continues as I return the bear to his hand. “You made this and discarded it without a second thought. I picked it up and kept it.”
I meet his eyes, surprised that he would keep something so insignificant—a trinket I made and can’t even remember. “Of all the things you’ve ever owned, this is what you wanted to take with you? I would have made a hundred of them if I knew—”
“I didn’t want any others,” he says quickly. “I wanted this one. You made a beautiful toy and forgot about it, giving me the chance to have a piece of…I wasn’t sure if you were real at first.”
I’m fortunate the sky is darkening because I can feel my face growing hot. “And here you are, stuck with me for ten years.”
He sighs, feigning disappointment. "With nothing to show for it but this bear." 
I nudge his shoulder. "Don't forget, I've also given you some near-death experiences."
He laughs, then assumes a stern expression. "You’re nothing but trouble, you know that?"
I nod. "But I think you quite enjoy it."
"Yes, I do."

Thirteen   |   Let Me Do This 
Somehow I ended up on the ground. I’m so comfortable on this cushioned forest floor that my sleeping body would rather stay here during the war and maybe long after. 
But my moment of serenity ends abruptly when the warlock’s face appears behind my eyes. I sit up with a gasp and look around for Berwyn. Did he make it through the night?
I peer through the fog and see him drinking water. “Are you well enough to go on?” I ask him. 
Berwyn looks up. “I daresay I am.”
“Good.” I reach around my back to rub my invisible itching blisters. I pour some water into my hand and run it over the burns.
 “Let’s get a move on,” Berwyn says lightly. He gets to his feet with surprising speed and throws his bag over his back. “Why, we’re almost there.”
Aden leads the way out of the clearing. “And all we had to do was fight the Fallen in a burning village and overcome a vicious warlock,” he says under his breath. “So simple.”
We walk for an hour before any of us say anything. I’m perfectly fine with this. I welcome it, even. Never has the clear, frosty air reminded me so much of that horrible day. My parents and I were setting out in our carriage this time of morning…
I jump when Berwyn speaks.
“I want to, eh…apologize,” he says from a few feet ahead. “I shouldn’t have put you two in harm’s way yesterday, especially after you let me come on this journey with you.”
I don’t reply. I can’t quite explain it but Berwyn admitting his guilt makes me all the more irritated with him.
“We survived and that’s all that matters,” Aden says. “Shiloh?”
I shrug. “It’s fine.”
Berwyn throws me a sidelong glance. “I truly am sorry, Shiloh, for not telling you about my history with your parents. I carry shame with me for more reasons than I care to admit, but the worst is knowing that I should’ve done more for you. I should’ve told you the truth and been a guardian to you. I let that opportunity slip away. I’m sorry.”
“Rhoda is the best guardian I could’ve had,” I reply.  If Berwyn cared about me at all he would have told me that he knew my parents. Instead he let my memories of them fade away. Wanting nothing but space between us, I speed up and take the lead in front of Aden.
It isn’t long before the sun is directly overhead. We decide to rest and find food, so I pull my sword from its sheath and begin circling the area. I find a squirrel-like creature I’ve never seen before. It must be native to only this part of the woods. 
I’m not very hungry so I bring it back and tell the others they can share it. Aden starts a small fire and Berwyn stands above him, waving away the smoke. We don’t need any more warlocks spotting our respite.
I sit and watch them enjoy the meat while I suck on some winter cress and think about how we’ll arrive at the ocean in a few hours. I’m returning to the very shore my parents took me as a child. That’s where we were headed in the carriage all those days ago. But we never made it there.
Aden and Berwyn finish their meal and are eager to continue onward. I pick up my bag and follow them to the path that leads out of the clearing. We’ve only gone a few yards when I hear it. It’s a low, menacing growl that makes me stop dead in my tracks. Berwyn and Aden heard it too. 
We all turn slowly and look behind us. A pair of wolf’s eyes is staring at us from between the bushes across the way, gleaming like torches even in the light of day. It must have smelled the roasting meat.
“Back up slowly,” Aden instructs. I take one step back and the wolf emerges. A second follows it. “Get your sword ready,” he adds quietly.
On the edge of my vision I see Berwyn barely adjust his grip on his sword, and that’s when they pounce. I take the one that leaps toward me and Aden takes the other. It’s running so fast that its glowing eyes and razor sharp teeth are a blur. I duck as it jumps in the air, its claws outstretched, and thrust my sword upwards into its stomach. It whines, falls to the ground and limps a few feet. I throw my sword into its back and watch it stop moving before recovering my blade. 
I look over my shoulder and see that Aden killed his wolf with a stab through the throat. His blade is sticking out through the back of its neck.
Berwyn has his back turned and is facing the way we were originally headed. Two more wolves stand before us. It’s a pack.
“Spread out!” Berwyn shouts. 
We back up until we form a triangle and wait for the wolves to attack. One goes for Berwyn, who swings his arm and hits the wolf with an uppercut punch, throwing it backwards. He steps forward and pushes his sword through the wolf’s stomach.
The second one is circling towards Aden’s side of the triangle. I see his hand twitching as he decides what method to use. Some twigs crack behind me and I spin. Three more wolves. 
We’ll never kill them all.
Two of the wolves leap forward and I strike the first down, but the other is following right behind it. Breath escapes my lungs as it knocks me to the ground. I can smell its hot, steamy breath and feel its coarse fur on my hands. I manage to get one foot underneath it and kick with all my might. The wolf falls back and retreats a few steps before pouncing forward again. I swing my sword from right to left, cutting its nose. It whimpers, growls and stops for a moment. When it runs forward again I roll out of its way and swipe its legs when it follows me. It crumples to the ground, legless and bleeding.
Aden yells out to warn me that the wolf he’s fighting is changing direction and springing towards me instead. I have just enough time to snatch a rock from the ground and toss it to Aden, then prepare myself for the animal’s attack. Aden loads the rock into his sling as I raise my sword to deflect the wolf that’s just six feet away. Aden releases the stone and it hits the back of wolf’s neck. It drops limply to the ground mid-jump.
I look up to thank Aden for his help but see that he’s already swinging his sling again, this time in the direction of Berwyn. Because Berwyn doesn’t see it. He doesn’t know that the third wolf I was facing before is now stalking behind his back. It jumps before Aden can launch the rock. It has already sunk its teeth into Berwyn’ back by the time the stone finds its skull.
Everything slows down and goes quiet I watch Berwyn fall to the dirt and writhe. His gasps of pain jerk me awake and I run to him. I roll him onto his back and try to help him up, pointedly ignoring the howls in the woods nearby. I hardly notice Aden’s staggered breathing above me.
“It’s too late,” Berwyn says softly, his beard twitching. “They’ll smell my blood.”
I look down and see red liquid seeping into the ground under his body. The wolf’s teeth must have been long enough to reach something vital.
“Berwyn, get up,” I say quickly. “We have to go now.”
Beads of sweat form on his forehead and he clenches his teeth. “If I stay and hold them off a while longer, you both can go on.”
“NO!” I look around frantically for something to cover his wounds. “No, I’m not leaving you. You’re fine, Berwyn. Let me help you—”
Berwyn raises his arm but doesn’t have the energy to find my shoulder. “Let me do this.”
I shake my head. “Aden and I need you! I need you!”
Another howl from the forest causes me to glance up. The clearing is still empty of wolves for now. “See, Berwyn?” I say, looking down at him. “Everything is fine. The past ten years, the past two days. It’s okay, I promise. I swear. But you have to get up now. We have to get out of here.”
I feel his body become heavier in my hands and panic stabs my heart. It’s at this moment when he’s dying in my arms that I realize he won’t cheat death a second time. But I don’t know what I’ll do without him. He’s one of the few people that care about me, and the only one who really knew my parents. I’ve only just found him.
“Let me do this,” Berwyn says again. 
I look in his eyes and see the light going out behind them. I let go of the hope I was grasping for and instead reach for his hand, because this is the way Berwyn wants to use his last minutes. He wants to spend them being my guardian.
“Okay.” I know tears will come if I don’t move immediately. I look up. “Aden, will you…?”
Aden raises his head to the sky and closes his eyes in what I’m sure is a desperate prayer. I give him a moment before saying his name again. He grits his teeth and nods before helping me lift Berwyn up by his underarms. Berwyn’s back is soaked and dripping with blood. He can barely hold his sword.
I feel my body start to shut down as Aden moves forward and takes Berwyn’s hand in his, shaking it once and leaning in close to whisper something. Berwyn replies with a grunt but even this seems to require all his effort.
I reach out to him and then let my arm fall. I’m speechless. I’m stupefied that he’s being taken from me again and there’s nothing I can do to stop it. But what more could I expect, living in this world where death takes such pleasure in surprising its victims? In taking the bravest but leaving the cowardly?
When Aden comes to me and starts pulling me toward the other side of the woods, I finally find my voice and come to a halt in the middle of the clearing. “You’ll be with us always,” I say, looking at Berwyn’s pale face. “I’m blessed to have fought with you, Berwyn. To have you as family.”
His eyes soften—a gesture that speaks louder than any speech he could have offered. 
I let Aden pull me into the forest and feel my legs run after him as fast as they can. The wolves’ howling grows louder and I hear them crash into the clearing we’re leaving behind. Cries of pain reach my ears but they’re not the cries of an animal.
Tears slide off my cheeks and fly into the air as I crash through the woods. The forest’s smell changes the farther we run. The trees begin to thin and the air gets saltier.
We’re only a mile away from the beach now. Just a half-mile more. A few hundred yards. We run over the last roots and through the final bushes that separate us from the shore of the Pepolah Ocean.
Aden stops running before I do. I crash into him and knock us to the sandy ground. We roll a few feet before we come to a stop a dozen yards from the water.
I don’t know how long we’ve laid here, refusing to get up. To get up is to acknowledge what just happened. If we stay on our backs in the sand, maybe Berwyn will follow us out of the forest and begin talking about how we’re almost to Headquarters.
But he doesn’t come. His ravaged body lies somewhere in the abyss behind us, never to teach or criticize us again. And I can’t bear the thought of that.
After a while Aden takes my hand and holds it. I close my eyes and let sorrow turn into an overpowering sleep.
 
 §     §     §

The sound of crashing waves wakes me minutes later. That’s how it feels, anyway. I open my eyes to a blinding light. The winter sun. We slept for a day, I think.
I sit up and see Aden lying next to me. His eyes are closed and his breathing is slow and deep. I wish he were awake too but I let him sleep. He’s fortunate to be in the world of dreams. Berwyn isn’t dead in that world.
I get up and inhale the ocean air. To my right is the Redemption Headquarters in the far distance. A beacon of hope the size of a sword’s tip.
I look down at my hands to find them shaking. From fear? Relief? Both, I suppose. I still fear what lies in the forest. I’m relieved to have it behind me. But it’s naive to think that getting to the Redemption was the hardest part. I still have to fight in this war. I still have to survive.
I go to our burlap sacks lying near Aden’s feet. I thought maybe there would be some scraps of food at the bottom of his but I find nothing. There’s only a bit of water in the waterskin. I take a small drink and save the rest for Aden, then return to the ocean and wade a few feet to look for fish.
A half-hour later my clothes are drenched but I have two small seatrout wedged on my sword. I find some driftwood and build a small fire to roast them. The smell wakes Aden. I watch him sit up as I turn the fish over. “How did you sleep?”
“Peacefully, considering. Thank you.” He accepts the charred fish and we sit and eat in silence. Then I hand him the waterskin and force him to finish it off.
“We’ll be at Headquarters soon and I’ll get water there,” I assure him. He tries to force it on me again then reluctantly drains the rest when I threaten to dump it in the ocean.
“Let’s take another look at the map,” he says, reaching into his sack to pull out the frail parchment. But there’s nothing inside except his cloak and waterskin. “That’s strange,” he frowns. 
I reach for my bag and do the same. “It’s not in mine either. We must have dropped it somewhere along the way.”
We both turn around and peer into the dark forest we escaped the day before. The forest that has already taken so much from us. 
“My grandmother’s map…” Aden whispers, ashamed.
 “We’ll get her a new one as soon as this war is over,” I assure him quietly. “And it will be far more precious to her because it will come from you.”
Aden does his best to smile. “At least we made it to the shore. I can see the Redemption from here.” 
We squint into the distance and figure that we’re six miles away from the strip of land that will lead us to the Headquarters. We stand, don our bags and head down the beach towards our destination. We veer towards the water where it will be easier to walk on the hard sand.
We don’t mention Berwyn. We don’t talk about the warlock or the wolves. Those topics are too terribly painful. So we walk silently until I see a flock of seabirds in the sky. 
They’re much larger than normal birds and stronger, too. They can travel the entire distance of the kingdom to land on the shores of Dibon. They have silver bodies and feathers that become a brilliant blue color as they approach the head. Their bodies reflect the light of the sun, too, which makes them look like glittering diamonds from down on the ground. I’ve loved them ever since I was a little girl.
I point at the small group circling above us. “These are the birds my mother stitched on my handkerchief,” I tell Aden. “We were headed here to the Pepolah Ocean to watch them the day my parents were killed.” I rub the cloth between my hands. “I wish I was a seabird.”
Aden looks up at the flock in the sky. “Tell me why you like them so much. Is it the color of their feathers? The swoop of their beaks?”
I watch one dive towards the water. “I think it’s because they’re allowed to have two lives. I mean, they can soar in the sky and see life from up there or they can return to the land and live on level ground. They don’t have to choose one. But me? One life was taken from me and I was put in another. I didn’t have a choice. And even if I did, I don’t think I could pick one if it meant giving up the other. I loved my parents, but I also love my life with you and Rhoda. I want both.”
I search Aden’s face for a reaction. When he remains silent I open my mouth to dismiss the subject. Then he speaks. 
“Why should you have to choose only one? You do live both lives, Shiloh. One out here with Rhoda and me,” he gestures to the water and sand around us, “and one in here with your parents.” He reaches out, pointing at my heart. “You’re allowed to have both.”
I tear my gaze from his to look watch the v-shaped formation flying southwards. “I can be a seabird,” I say quietly.
“As long as you don’t leave me behind on the land,” Aden says. “I want to fly too.”
 
 §     §     § 
 
Two hours later I’m staring up at the ancient, formidable castle in the sea.
A tall wall of grimy gray stones surrounds the fortress. Some sections of the barrier have tumbled to the ground below but most of it remains intact. The castle stands resolute behind this giant fence, as though it’s proud to have survived for so long and to be housing this noble cause. Above one of its tallest turrets flies a flag. I squint in the light to make it out. I feel a surge of pride when I see that it bears the symbol of the kings, the one on the back of my neck.
The castle grows larger with every step we take across the tombolo. Soon we’re standing at the bottom of the enclosure, taking in the tall watchtowers where men with bows stand surveying the beach behind us. Straight ahead are massive iron gates guarded by four Redemption warriors wearing full armor. They don’t blink. They don’t speak. They don’t even appear to be breathing. I readjust my bag and stand at full height before leading Aden to these stationary soldiers.
The guards cross their spears when we approach. “Purpose?” asks one.
I pull back my shoulders. “To join the Redemption.”
“Recruiter?”
“Recruiter…?”
“Who sent you?”
“Oh. Hendrick.”
“Password?”
“For the King.” I hear the words leave my mouth and have to keep myself from smiling. I can only hope my father is watching me.
One of the guards signals to someone above us. The gate makes a grating noise as it’s raised. The soldiers move aside and one of them gestures for us to follow him through the entryway. We’re taken along a path that leads to another gate, which rises as we approach it. 
The narrow cobblestone path winds upwards between smaller buildings that served some purpose a few hundred years ago. One looks like it was a dining hall. Another must have been a place of worship. Now they hold horses, storage, weapons and carriages.
The guard leads us around a corner and the front of the castle comes into view. It’s so vast that my eyes can’t take it all in. They sweep over the stony exterior, taking notice of small details I didn’t notice from down on the shore. 
The castle’s windows are fitted with lunettes whose stained glass are now cracked and broken through. Beautifully carved entablatures adorn every door and statues of fighting warriors are carved in the castle’s parapet. They stand, dauntingly surveying the ground below.
“Where are you taking us?” Aden asks as we climb the main staircase. It leads to huge pair of oak doors with cast iron fittings.
“To meet the captains,” replies the guard. “The next swearing-in ceremony will take place this evening with all the new recruits. You’ll begin training with the ranks until then.”
This news sends a jolt of energy through my body. I reposition my hair so that it’s out of my face and covering my tattoo. 
We cross over the threshold of the castle’s entrance and enter the foyer. I let out a small gasp as I take in the giant, circular room. Unlike the dark, rocky exterior of the fortress, its interior has a welcoming atmosphere despite centuries of decay. The walls in here are made of marble like the floor. There are bronze torch holders lining the walls, illuminating the room before me. There’s not much furniture to look at but it doesn’t matter because the eye goes straight to the grand staircase that leads to two more stories. I raise my head and drink in the broken molding on the walls and bannisters. My eyes rise and rest on the ceiling where the Redemption has patched holes with slabs of wood. But even this doesn’t detract from the ornately painted dome that crowns the staircase.
I look forward again and find that the guard and Aden are several paces ahead of me. I quickly follow behind, my boots echoing in the cavernous room. We’re taken through a door and down a long corridor. I lose track of the number of rooms we pass.
A pair of old women wearing aprons hurry past us carrying large pots. They must be on their way to the kitchen but they pay us no attention. They only care that now they have two more mouths to feed.
The guard leads us to a door that opens to the back of the castle. I step through and feel my jaw drop as I look at what lies before me. What used to be an impressive garden and promenade now holds the Redemption barracks. They span the entire ground from the castle’s door we just exited to the fortress wall a fair distance away. In front of the timber barracks are rows of tables for eating. Fire pits are located here and there, as are stacks of boxes and barrels. I’d wager most are filled with water, but a good many undoubtedly hold alcohol.
A few hundred men are scattered across this ancient garden taking a break from training, sharpening their weapons or perhaps discussing strategy the others. I cut short my observation of the soldiers to look beyond the fortress wall to the land beyond. It goes on for at least a half-mile before it reaches the ocean. The terrain isn’t a forest or a rocky shore, but rather it looks more like a meadow that has become a frozen, muddy field.
Atop this land are a few thousand training soldiers. A good many are dueling to the left, and near them is a pyramid of large stones piled high for throwing. In the other direction stands the archery range where soldiers are lined up with bows. To the right of them is another range for knife and spear throwing. The men in this group are being passed by a large number running in sync around the circular castle wall.
Aden says my name and waves me forward. The guard walks us past half the barracks and stops in front of one on the right. He turns and looks only at me. “There is a barrack at the end for women only, should they wish to be separated from men. Or you can stay here with your…”
“Fighting partner,” Aden and I say together.
“Right. Which will it be?”
I hesitate for a moment as I consider these two options. I’d feel strange being separated from Aden. Besides, I’m not afraid of living among men. I can take care of myself.
“We prefer to stay together,” I say before looking at Aden. “Right?”
“Right,” he nods.
We follow the soldier into the dark barrack. It holds twenty cots, half of them hanging from the ceiling.
“The two in that corner are empty,” says the guard, pointing to the back left corner. “A few men were deployed on a recruitment mission and never came back.”
I swallow and set my bag down on the hanging bed. “Thank you.”
“Go to the training area and find a captain in the strategy tent once you’re ready. They’ll get you sorted.”
Aden and I thank him and watch the guard leave. I pick up my waterskin and go outside where a bucket of water is sitting beside the barrack door. I fill it and drain the container, then fill it again. Aden comes outside a minute later without his cloak. He adjusts his sheath and gazes out at the grounds, our new home. 
“We made it.”
I feel myself smile a little. “Yes we did.”

Fourteen   |   The First Day 
We return to the dirt path leading to a back gate flanked by two watchtowers. Soldiers glance up as we pass by but they don’t take much notice of us; surely new recruits show up often. I grip my sword and square my shoulders, determined to appear just as capable and anonymous as everyone else in this camp.
We reach the gate and look below at the scene of drills. The sounds of scraping swords, grunting men and arrows piercing targets grow louder as we walk down a slope to a huge tent at the base of the hill. A guard is standing outside the entrance. “Wait here,” he replies when we tell him we’re new recruits. He goes into the tent and comes back a few moments later, gesturing for us to go in.
I walk through the flap and Aden follows. Warmth from lampstands caresses my face as my eyes adjust to the low light. There are desks covered in papers and maps, and a few cots hold injured soldiers being sewn up or bandaged. 
Straight ahead I see the backs of two men and a woman standing above a model of Magdiel. They all turn when they hear us approach.
One of them is Hendrick, whose clear blue eyes appear to be dancing in the lamplight. The woman to his right is the same one who was with him in Meriton’s tavern. I take my eyes off her alert, angular face to look at the other person, a towering bearded man of nearly seven feet.
“Recruits,” the guard grunts behind us before exiting the tent.
The man with the beard steps forward. His cheeks are rosy and he’s bouncing on the balls of his feet. “Welcome to the Redemption,” he booms, putting his fist to his heart in a form of salute. “I’m Wilmur, captain in charge of deployed soldiers. This is Rehya, one of our top recruiters.” He points to the woman who nods, and then he gestures to Hendrick. “And this is Hendrick, our recruiting captain.”
“I’m the one who sent them, Wilmur,” Hendrick says, stepping forward to shake our hands. “I didn’t think we’d make it here before you. When the Fallen didn’t show up in Perlah we set out immediately for Headquarters.”
“You haven’t heard, then?” I ask, looking between the three of them.
Hendrick frowns. “Heard?”
I glance up at Aden before continuing. “The Fallen attacked Sadley Village, not Perlah. They descended on the town as we were passing through it.”
The tent grows silent as everyone within earshot looks at us. Hendrick runs his hands through his hair in distress before pounding them on the table. “And the villagers?”
Aden answers him. “Many of them were killed. We got as many out as we could. The Fallen didn’t retreat until Shiloh killed their colonel.”
Wilmur raises his eyebrows and points to me. “You?”
I nod.
The woman called Rehya takes a step towards Hendrick, watching him closely. “We didn’t know.”
“Why didn’t she tell me?” Hendrick replies quietly. A few long seconds pass before he seems to remember we’re here. He turns around to face us again. “Thank you for being where we couldn’t.”
“What’s done is done,” Wilmur says morosely. “We’ll send out a troop to assess the damage but we can’t change the past. You’re both here now so let’s get you ready for training. But first thing’s first. Trentia?”
A woman I didn’t notice before stands up behind an injured soldier lying in a cot. She’s older, nearly Rhoda’s age I’d wager. Her dark gray hair falls in bushy ringlets down her shoulders and back. She’s dressed in a draping shawl and her face is full of wrinkles. The number of them suggests this woman has had quite a life.
“This is Trentia,” Wilmur explains, holding his arm out to her. “She is a Seer from the land of Ocran. She assists the Redemption by, eh, inspecting our recruits. She determines where their loyalties lie, their true age, things like that. You understand our caution.”
“Of course,” I say, looking back at Trentia. Just how much does she know about those who walk into this tent? And merely with a glance at their face?
Trentia’s cloudy white eyes examine us with interest. They look at me first and I notice the corners of her lips twitching.
Please don’t tell them who I am.
I think this over and over in the hope that she can read minds the same way she can See pasts and futures. But Trentia gives no sign that she heard this silent request.
She shifts her eyes to look at Aden. She tilts her head a little, taking him in, and I see Aden shift uncomfortably under her stare. It seems to linger on his face for a long while—even longer than mine. Finally she turns to Wilmur and offers him a slight nod.  
“Excellent!” Wilmur exclaims. He gestures for us to follow him outside. “Let’s get you two training, though I’m not sure you need it by the sound of things.”
“Wait,” Hendrick calls when we’re nearly to the door. He comes forward and leans in so that only Aden and I will hear him. “Where is your third comrade? You were traveling with another man when I met you in Meriton.”
I open my mouth to tell him what happened to Berwyn but the words don’t come out. I’ve yet to say out loud what happened in the forest. I figured if I kept the event locked away for no one to affirm, not even Aden, then perhaps it didn’t happen. Maybe after so many seconds, hours or days, I would convince myself that I imagined it all.
Aden looks down at me and sees that he’ll have to be the one to answer Hendrick. “He sacrificed himself in the forest to let us go on.”
Hendrick bows his head. “I’m sorry to hear it. He must have thought very highly of you both to give you the chance to join us. You must make him proud.”
Aden nods and walks through the tent flap, but I stay rooted to my spot for a few moments. I want to say something to Hendrick but my mind is still whirling from hearing Berwyn’s death confirmed. So when Hendrick reaches forward to grasp my shoulder, or perhaps the tent flap behind me, I back up quickly out of his reach and find myself outside once more.
I spot Aden and Wilmur ahead and jog to meet them. Wilmur takes us to the group of soldiers waiting to duel. “We’ve had a dozen new recruits arrive in the past two days,” he says proudly. “Another large number will be arriving with recruiters very soon. We start by training every new man and woman in sword combat. I trust you’ll be able to hold your own.”
We thank him for guiding us and give him the same salute he offered us back in the tent. The men preparing to duel turned around at the sound of Wilmur’s conspicuous voice and now they’re looking at us, the new arrivals. I appear to be one of the few women in this group. I don’t let this fact keep me from returning their stares.
Someone I can’t see whistles and a hushed laughter spreads through the group. My cheeks burn and I see Aden move forward. I put my hand out to stop him. Sadness from recalling the attack on Sadley and anger from Berwyn’s death churn together in my stomach, concocting a dangerous emotion I wish to release on the owner of the whistle.
“It’s fine,” I tell Aden. I raise my voice and shout, “Who did that?”
No one moves at first. Then the group parts and a man slowly pushes his way forward to face me. He’s big, I’ll confess. He crosses his arms and leers at me, daring me to speak again.
“Care to be my first dueling partner?”  I ask.
“It would be my honor.” He curtsies, warranting more laughter from onlookers. I glance up at Aden, whose eyes are flashing. I’ve never properly dueled anyone except him and Berwyn. But the venom coursing through my veins could bring down any man right now, even the largest in the kingdom.
One of the pairs meant to duel in the next round let us take their spot. Someone hands me a breastplate and I fasten it as tightly as it will go. I walk onto the flat clearing, pull my sword from its sheath and turn to take in my opponent. My eyes cross over his burly body in search of a place of weakness.
Thin ankles.
I raise my sword, then give him a dazzling smile. This distracts him for a moment and that’s when I run forward. I slide between his widened legs and spin onto my back. I kick his torso from the ground and he stumbles forward. I jump to my feet and follow him, swiping my sword at his stomach as I lunge.
I hear my blade scratch his armor and he growls with fury. He approaches me, his broad sword jabbing the air in front of him. I block his prods with my blade and roll to the right, swiping my leg at his skinny ankles and knocking his legs out from under him. He falls with a grunt but returns to his feet more quickly than I expected. And we begin the circling dance once more.
He’s tired already, I can tell. I’m guessing he doesn’t welcome a duel where nimbleness is necessary. I decide my next course of action and run towards him with my sword aimed at his uncovered arm. He puts his blade up to stop me and I pull mine down at the last second. His arms are still upright, prepared for my sword, so I cock my arm and punch him across the face as hard as I can, nearly crushing the bones in my own hand. 
He cries out and falls backwards, dropping to the ground after tripping over his feet. I ignore my throbbing knuckles to put my boot on his stomach and my sword to his throat. “If only I could punish you properly,” I say to his reddening face, “but we need all the able-bodied men we can get.”
Applause breaks out behind me and I spin to see the group of soldiers smiling and hooting. They clap me on the back and sing words of praise as I take my place at the back of the line by Aden, who’s looking at me as though he’s only just seeing me for the first time. I glance back at my opponent and see that his eye is already starting to swell. 
I don’t think I’ll hear any more whistling from the group.
Four men come up to me afterwards to request a duel. I accept every offer and win three out of the four. My challengers stomped away wearing frustrated looks, mumbling to themselves and blaming their loss on some unrelated variable.
The only person to beat me was Tudry. He introduced himself with a friendly shake of his hand and led me to a patch of land out of sight of the larger group.
It became clear that Tudry has had some sort of advanced training. Highly intuitive and incredibly fast, his body whirled before my eyes. After just seconds I was knocked to the ground and he had me pinned. He helped me stand and acknowledged my talent with an apologetic smile. I insisted that the better man won and he shook my hand again before returning to the back of the line.

§     §     §

Eventually the winter sunlight grows dim and the sky turns into a gray haze of faraway clouds. A bell rings from somewhere up at the castle and the group gives a collective yell of relief. It’s time for supper.
We trudge through the muddy grass up the slope and through the gate. The sound of distant ocean waves fades behind us. 
I look around for Aden. I lost track of him sometime before my sixth duel. Looking back I wish I had watched him, but I’d be surprised if he didn’t win every one of his matches. He’s as desperate to prove himself as I am.
I peer through the stream of soldiers and spot him up ahead laughing at a man telling a story. Someone lit a row of lamps on either side of the path and the golden light illuminates half of Aden’s face. The scar above his cheek is beautiful despite the angry slash of it. His crinkled, smiling eyes look forward again as he follows the man to a table where there’s a large pot of soup waiting for the men who sit there.
I begin to walk more quickly so that I might close the painful gap between us. My hearts beats faster with every step I take towards him. Then someone calls my name and I instinctively turn to find the owner of the voice. Tudry is waving at me from a table, pointing to the seat across from him. I look back at Aden but his table is already full of soldiers. I sigh softly as my heart returns to a steady rhythm. 
With a shake of my head, I turn and make my way over to Tudry. I offer him a smile and thank him for the invitation.  
“Of course,” he replies warmly. “Let me introduce you to some of our fellow fighters. This is Job, Rook, Meg, Dez and Nolma.”
I nod to each of them in turn. “I’m Shiloh,” I say over the din of talk and clanging dishes. 
Job, a big man with shaggy brown hair that hangs to his shoulders, grunts hello before digging into his bowl of chowder. Rook, a rather scrawny boy near my age, and Meg, a becoming woman of forty, smile at me before dishing up their supper. But Dez and Nolma, two other women, are already in a deep discussion at the other end of the table.
I turn from them and hold up my bowl, accepting Tudry’s ladle of soup. I eat my food quickly, though not as quickly as Job, who’s already on his third helping before I’ve finished my first. We chuckle at his zeal and the others let me inquire about my new home.
“If we’re all out here sleeping, eating and training, what goes on in there?” I nod my head towards the black outline of the castle.
Rook glances up at the fortress before replying. “The General and captains stay in the castle. They strategize for the war, hold councils and correspond with the deployed soldiers. Things like that. There aren’t many extra rooms for the soldiers. You know, livable ones with furniture. But they have groups of us rotate in so that we’re able to clean up and have a rest. It’s more than we deserve.” He looks around at the other soldiers’ nodding heads. “One thing you’ll soon learn is that the Redemption takes care of you. All of us, we’re all on the same side. We’re all here to save our realm.”
Job grunts his approval. “We don’t leave anyone behind, no matter where they come from. We all have a reason for being here. If you’ve come, then you’re one of us. Welcome to the Redemption.”
He puts his fist to his chest and the others follow suit. Grateful, I do the same to them, then go on to answer the questions they throw my way. Where am I from? Where is my family? Did I come alone?
“No, my fighting partner and I journeyed here together,” I answer.
“Who?” asks Meg.
“Aden. He’s sitting at the table over there.” I put my arm out behind me to point to Aden but my hand hits something hard, smooth and cold. I curse before looking up to find the culprit of this stinging injury. The other soldiers stifle their laughter as Hendrick rubs his breastplate like it’s bruised. I smile and hold my tingling fingers in my other hand.
“Captain,” I nod.
“I hope you didn’t injure your hand permanently, soldier,” Hendrick says, attempting a serious expression.
“I think I’ll be okay.”
“In that case, why don’t you get your partner and follow me up to the castle.”
“The castle?” 
“You must be sworn in,” he explains. “The General is waiting for the new recruits.”
“Oh, of course.”
I refasten my hair as I run to Aden’s table. He looks up from his bowl when he hears me coming. “We have to go up to the castle,” I say breathlessly. He raises his eyebrows. “To be sworn in,” I finish.
The men on either side of Aden hit him on the shoulder in good will and wish him luck. Aden points to me as he stands. “This is Shiloh, my fighting partner.”
I return their waves. A few wink at me but I don’t have time to react. I turn from their table and lead Aden up the path between the line of barracks and rows of eating soldiers. Hendrick is waiting for us near the castle steps with eleven other men and one woman.
The group watches us approach and Hendrick nods with satisfaction once we’re all assembled. He leads us up the stairs and into the drafty corridor of the fortress. Rather than head towards the foyer, we walk down another hallway where a door is standing ajar and the glow of a fire is escaping into the dark corridor.
Hendrick approaches the door and opens it without knocking. I follow Aden’s tall form, which hides from view the room and those inside until I take a spot in line between him and the other woman. I don’t look at the people congregated in the chamber just yet. First my eyes go to a huge fireplace and the carved marble mantelpiece above it.
The roaring fire lights up the surrounding wall, which gets more dim the higher my eyes travel. But it’s still bright enough to reveal a faded peeling portrait of a king and queen long gone. It must have been tucked away in this castle somewhere and brought forth to represent the goal of the Redemption: restoring a monarchy.
I look around the room and find a mismatch of furniture once grand, now old and scuffed. Looking at the myriad of objects in this room—a cracked mirror, rickety card table, platter of tarnished dishes—it begins to dawn on me how much effort it would’ve taken just to get these items here. Not only these, but also the timber for the barracks, weaponry and the food for the kitchen. They have to be secretly carried across miles and miles just to make this ancient fortress a habitable headquarters.
And it’s only now when I’m about to be sworn into the Redemption that I see how dedicated its soldiers must be. Surely it would be easier to toil under the Fallen and adhere to their laws if it meant staying with our families and watching our children grow up. But that’s not how the Redemption thinks. Our grandchildren will have no future if we don’t fight right here, right now. So what’s a little secrecy? What’s sleeping in a hanging cot? What’s training in the rain? They’re nothing.
I close my eyes and commit this realization to memory. I don’t want to forget it when I’m standing on the battlefield, a Fallen soldier and his sword headed straight for me.
I open my eyes at the sound of Hendrick’s voice.
“Welcome, new members of the Redemption,” he says as his eyes travel down the line of us. “Your journey to Headquarters displays your dedication to protect this realm and shows us that you’re ready to join our ranks. Our General will swear you in and from thenceforth, you will be a defender of our cause and a resistor of the Fallen reign.”
I look to Hendrick’s left when he places his arm on the shoulder of the woman standing next to him. I didn’t see her when I walked in but now I can’t look away.
She’s wearing a breastplate like Hendrick but she also has chainmail around her neck and an elegant sword strapped to her waist. She is a few decades older than me and her hair is streaked with gray. Yet her piercing blue eyes are as alert as ever. She reminds me of a hawk as her eyes sweep over our bodies. And like Hendrick, I could swear I’ve seen this woman before. I can sense it more than remember it.
“Soldiers,” the woman begins, soft but solemn. “My name is Deidre and I am General of the Redemption. For those who know nothing about the origin of the Redemption, I helped to establish it. My son…” She puts her hand on Hendrick’s shoulder. 
My mind goes temporarily blank because this information surprises me. Then I look closer and start to notice the resemblance. He has her brilliant eyes.
The General continues, “…and I, and everyone we knew we could trust, hid from Orjak and his Fallen, and formed what has become the infantry you’re swearing into. You are offering your skills, your time and your life to stop the Fallen. We do not take this commitment lightly and neither should you.”
She says all this while pacing in front of our tired, dirty figures that smell of sweat. She looks proud of us, though, and I want nothing more than to prove myself to her. She returns to Hendrick’s side and as her back is turned, I glance around the room at the captains standing around her.
Near the General stands Wilmur, smiling merrily with a glass of wine in his hand. Next to him are two other men, dressed smartly and wearing grim smiles. On Hendrick’s other side is a man conversing quietly with the woman next to him. They appear bored; this ceremony probably happens at least once a week. To them this is commonplace, but to me I can feel my body changing. I’m no longer Shiloh, girl of the forest. I’m Shiloh, warrior of the Redemption. I’m a new person.
The General returns to our line and begins administering small gold badges. The men hold out their hands and repeat the phrase prompted by the General that’s too quiet for me to hear. I watch as they put their fists to their chests in salute to her.
My excitement grows as she progresses down the line. Three people away. Two people now. She’s standing in front of Aden, holding out the shiny, embroidered badge. He takes it, puts his fist to his chest and repeats the three words that will forever be etched on my soul.
“For the King.”
Now the General is looming above me. Her hawk eyes regard me curiously before she takes a badge from the box she’s holding. Her arm stretches out and I feel the pin meet my fingers. 
The General withdraws her hand and puts it over her heart. “For the King?”
“For the King,” I salute.
She nods slightly and moves on to the last person in line, the girl standing next to me. I don’t pay attention to their exchange. There’s too much happiness flowing through my body. It’s blurring my vision. I don’t even hear the General’s closing remarks.
I suddenly find myself following the group into the corridor, towards the back of the castle and into the biting air. I descend the staircase in Aden’s wake and stand next to him in front of a fire crackling outside one of the barracks.
He is kind enough not to extract me from my thoughts. Maybe he’s too lost in his own. When we finally come back to life we look at each other and laugh. 
We exchange our badges and inspect them. They’re exactly the same, one not better than the other. They’re about the size of a walnut and their golden thread glistens happily in the light of the fire at our feet. Embroidered in the badge’s center is the symbol of my tattoo.
I accept mine from Aden and return his, and we stand staring into the white-hot flames. Around us there are men and women walking from table to table, enjoying a pint or two. Maybe they’re discussing tips on how to improve their training. All I know is that their voices sound familiar and comfortable, as though I’m in the presence of old friends.
And finally, I belong. I’m with my people. We all want the same thing and we’ll get it. I swear we will.

Fifteen   |   I Thought He Was Dead
I’m not sure when I finally returned to my barrack and went to sleep. I must have removed my shoes and put on my cloak, though, because that’s how I wake up. Shoeless and buttoned up to my neck, with ears as cold as the snow that’s sure to be falling soon.
I turn my head and look at the hanging cot next to mine. The man lying there is drooling on the canvas and swiping at the air every few seconds—at an invisible Fallen soldier, perhaps. I stare up at the ceiling and have just begun to wonder when the troops wake up to train when someone passes by our door ringing a loud, shrill bell.
I watch as the others are lurched from sleep and jump in their cots. A few yawn and lie back down while others stand and scratch their eyes. I bend over the side of my own bed and look down at Aden. He’s sitting up with his elbows on his knees.
I hop down in front of him and land on the floor with a thud. I laugh when he swears in surprise.
“Will you be doing that every morning?” he asks groggily.
“Depends.”
“On what?”
“On whether you beat me in duels,” I smile. I pull on my boots and take off my cloak. I should be warm enough an hour into training.  
I walk into the still morning, shuddering as I look to my left and right. I’m one of a few that have made it outside already. The other early-risers are walking to the tables nearest them and grabbing from stacks of bread piled a few feet high. I go to my table, pick up a piece and find that it’s still a bit warm. It must have been brought out from the kitchen just minutes ago.
Does this bread satisfy the big men who train for hours before their next meal? It has to, I suppose. The Redemption Headquarters may be in a castle but it’s by no means a wealthy operation. And yet I couldn’t be more satisfied with bread. Rhoda, Aden and I considered ourselves lucky if we had a bit of grain to make something back in Haed Forest.
One by one the soldiers emerge from their barracks and eat their first meal of the day. I watch as they jog in place and grumble about their sore bodies. Aden is the only one who seems as happy about the bread as I am. We touch our pieces together and mutter a quiet, “Cheers.”
According to the color of the sky, it’s just after dawn. It grows steadily lighter until finally a voice reaches us from the direction of the back gate. “Split…troops…area,” it said in a distant, fragmented voice.
I turn to a man standing next to me. “What did he say?”
“Split up into troops and move on to the next training area.”
“Troop?” I repeat. I turn to look at him again but the man has already walked away.
I spot Tudry standing with a cluster of soldiers that’s slowly getting larger as members shuffle over to join it. I wave for Aden to follow me and lead us over to the group we joined yesterday. Tudry bows his head when he sees me, a gesture that I dutifully return.
Our group passes through the gate and descends the slope in the direction of the archery range. We pass the patch of land for dueling and head straight for the bows and arrows lying on the ground fifty feet in front a row of targets. The first soldiers to arrive pick up the bows and take their stance in front of the twenty bullseyes. The rest of the group forms into lines behind them. A moment passes, then two, but they still don’t shoot. Then a voice comes from somewhere unseen.
“Release!”
I turn around and see Hendrick hastening down the dirt path, fastening his sheath and running a hand through his sandy hair as he goes. He must have been in the strategy tent and only just remembered that it’s his day to supervise archery.
He halts to the right of our group as the twenty archers’ arrows pierce the air. They all make the same tearing sound as the arrows lodge themselves into the disks of braided hay.
“First up!” Hedrick shouts.
The archer closest to him picks up another arrow and loads it, raises the bow shoulder-height and pulls the string to his chin. Hendrick stands behind him and regards the man’s posture. He adjusts it slightly and then says, “Release.” The archer’s arrow hits the middle ring with precision.
Hendrick nods his head and moves on to the next man, then continues to slowly make his way down the line. The shooters he already examined go on to gradually empty their quivers. They do this in sync with each other so that their arrows hit the targets in unison.
I notice that Hendrick doesn’t focus on anything other than the person he’s instructing. He takes his time, acknowledging those with good technique and patiently correcting the others. When he finally reaches the last shooter, Hendricks lets him launch the rest of his arrows, using the time to speak to the entire troop about technique.
When the last arrow is finally released, the next soldiers in line take their positions at the shooting line and the previous archers retrieve their arrows from the targets. Hendrick tells them to form a huddle and run around the castle before returning to the shooting ques.
The following rounds go quickly. The soldiers have been through this perhaps hundreds of times and they cycle through the drill will efficiency. Before I know it there is only one person to shoot before me. I scan the line of archers who are poised to send their arrows flying. Aden is in this group.
Hendrick approaches him but can’t seem to find anything wrong with Aden’s stance. Hendrick tells him to release and Aden lets it soar. When it hits the dead center of the target, he glances back at me with eyes not full of pride, but sorrow. He doesn’t want to be skilled at the weapon that killed my mother. And neither do I. 
I offer him an encouraging smile and he faces forward again to continue shooting.
In the blink of an eye it’s time for me to take my position in front of the target. I’ve never used a bow before so I raise it to my chin like the others were doing and repeat Hendrick’s teaching in my head. I wait for him to say “Release” for the first time. Holding my breathe, I try to keep my hands from slacking the stretched, vibrating string.
I hear Hendrick say the word and I relax my fingers, letting the cord spring forward. One second later finds my arrow sticking out of the target, wobbling slightly from the impact. It sits just outside the biggest ring near the edge of the disk. I sigh angrily.
Hendrick makes his way through the shooters and finally comes to stand behind me. He tells me to take my stance and he adjusts my arms, legs and where my hand sits against my face. “Release,” he says, more quietly than I was expecting. 
I let the string slip through my fingers again and watch as my arrow revolves in the air. It meets the center of the target. I feel a smile on my face as turn to look at my approving teacher.
When my eyes lock on his blue ones, I’m nearly knocked over by that feeling again. The one that tells me I first saw those eyes long before our introduction on Ringdum Road. But Hendrick moves on to the next soldier before I can figure out where.
 
§     §     § 
 
Wake up.
Strap sword to belt.
Descend to training grounds.
Strain body for hours.
Return for supper.
Collapse into cot.
Fall into a deep sleep.
Do it again.
A week of this goes by. It may sound grueling or impossible even, but I have never felt more content. For the first time in my life, it’s as though I’m part of something that’s leading to an end. A glorious end.
With every bead of sweat came a clap on the shoulder from a fellow soldier. With every sore muscle came a new skill. But with every passing hour the war drew nearer. The moment of declaration is unknown. It could be tonight, tomorrow, six months from now. I just hope we’ll be ready.
Over the course of the week we were on track to perform every drill twice. Today was my second go at the archery range, but this time it was Rehya training us. When she dismissed us for a break she pulled me aside and led me to the armory tent. “You need a more fitted breastplate,” she said, picking one out of a pile.
I sighed in reverence and ran my hand over the smooth metal. “I could never afford something like this back home.”
“Where’s home?” she asked, wiping her brow.
“Hundman Village. Well, the forest near Hundman actually.”
“I passed through Hundman once while recruiting,” she replied. “Back when I was just beginning.”
I looked up and took a moment to really see her, this woman who has devoted her life to the Redemption. Her brown hair was pulled back into a simple twist but a few strands hung near the fine lines around her light brown eyes—lines that made her look like she spent years squinting in the sun. Something told me I wasn’t the only girl in the room who’s faced struggles. Sometimes you can just tell that about people. That they’ve worked for what they have. That they wouldn’t have it any other way.
“How long have you been recruiting?” I asked her.
She sighed and turned me around to fasten my new armor. “Four years. I love it but I never turn down the chance to come back to the castle. I grew up here.”
I raised my eyebrows in surprise. “You must have grown up training.”
“I did,” she said, her voice laced with subtle bitterness. “Hendrick and I were the only children here when the Redemption was just beginning. We got weapons for gifts instead of toys. I wore chainmail instead of dresses.”
I followed her out of the tent and we started making our way back to the archery range under the darkening sky. “You and Hendrick must be close,” I said.  
She looked over at the strategy tent. “He infuriates me much of the time,” she says, “but we know each other better than we know ourselves. He makes me a better fighter and we’ve saved each other’s lives a few times, so we keep each other around just in case.”
I laughed and watched my boots wade through the mud. “When you’ve seen the best and the worst in people and like them anyway…well, those are the people you can’t live without, can you? Because they’ve seen every side of you too.”
Rehya glanced down at me before removing her bow from her shoulder. “The man you arrived with. Aden. Is he one of those people in your life?”
I wasn’t expecting that question. But my silence lasted for only a moment because I knew the answer immediately. “Yes, he is.”
“And you never once considered making a way in this world without him? On your own?”
I grew quiet and thought back, trying to remember an instance where I didn’t want Aden by my side. But it’s an instance that doesn’t exist. “No,” I said finally.
Rehya turned and looked out over the training field with a small smile on her face. “I used to…I mean, I wonder about Hendrick…”
“Wonder?”
“If I could face all of this without him.”
“Can you?”
“I’ve always thought I could, but with the war drawing near…”
I followed her gaze and took in the scene before me. My eyes fell on Aden, who was stacking rocks in a pyramid for the group of throwers. “War sheds light on things we wish to keep hidden,” I said, tearing my gaze from him to look at Rehya. “And reveals what we don’t want to lose.”
“It does,” she replied quietly. “It really does.”

§     §     §

A few hours after my conversation with Rehya I’m trudging up to the barrack site under a shower of freezing drizzle. I reach up and rub my shoulders to soothe their flaming ache. 
I squint through the rain and see Aden ahead of me, waving me over to join his table for supper. He’s found kindred spirits in a few of the men here. He introduces me to the ones I don’t know while I take my seat at the end of the table.
“This is Peter,” Aden says, pointing to the man across from us. “He also lived with his grandmother before joining the Redemption. That’s Dermot down there. He used to deliver goods to Hundman Village so he knows Yana and Tucker. Over there is Max. His son will be sixteen next year so Max joined the Redemption to make sure the Fallen doesn’t last long enough to draft him.”
I smile at each of them and return their nods before tucking into supper. Tonight we were served bread, wine, and another variation of stew—all of it delicious and satisfying after a long day’s training.
As the minutes pass, the soldiers’ voices grow louder. “Another cup!” they shout, gesturing for someone to pour them more wine. It isn’t long before they retrieve ale from the stores and with every drink they take, their hardened exteriors begin to crumble.
Soldiers from the other tables gather around and join in. Dez and Nolma tap my shoulder and chatter on about something, glancing at Aden as they talk. I speak to them for a few minutes before turning to watch the person they find so fascinating.
I laugh a little at the change in Aden’s demeanor. He joined the other soldiers in singing an old folk song and chuckles when they spill their drinks, finally uninhibited by the self-control he feels he must maintain every second of the day. It has dissolved to nothing and I’m left looking at a version of a man I’ve never seen before. A man telling his story.
“My mother died when I was eight,” Aden tells Peter. “My father left us when I was two so my grandmother took care of me.”
I think I’m listening more intently than Peter. I know Aden’s past well but it took years to uncover the whole story. He rarely speaks of it.
“We had nothing and went days not knowing where our food would come from,” Aden continues. “But we took Shiloh in when her parents died and together the three of us made a life.”
Peter leans forward and puts his hand on Aden’s shoulder. “You’re a better man for it all. You’re stronger.”
Aden raises his cup in thanks. “And to think, I come from a king,” he muses before taking another drink.
Something between a gasp and a cough escapes my throat. Of all the drunken truths he could have shared, this had to be the one? Aden isn’t supposed to mention our heritages. We agreed to not even say Rhoda’s name. But it’s too late now. Peter is already asking him what he means.
“I mean my grandfather is Windum,” Aden answers mindlessly.
It’s the ale talking. Aden would never discuss this otherwise. At least he still has the sense to keep his voice down. I put my forehead in my palm and wait for the fallout. It comes in the form of Peter’s confused, urgent whisper. “Did you say Windum?”
“Yes,” Aden shrugs. 
The women standing behind me mutter under their breaths and quickly shuffle away.
“Huh,” says Peter, shifting in his seat. “And you’ve come to the Redemption to…defeat the Fallen?”
“Of course,” Aden says, suddenly sobered by Peter’s reaction. Aden looks at me and stands. I follow suit because I don’t like the expression on Peter’s face. I don’t know why Aden’s ancestor would cause such a stir. Surely his connection to the Guardians would be well received here. Instead it garnered concern and quick exits.
I follow Aden as he walks towards the back gate where the grounds are quiet. I don’t know if he’d rather be alone right now but I can’t risk him revealing his past to anyone else. He halts next to a lit lampstand and I stop a few feet behind him. 
“Aden?”
Silence, then, “Yes?”
“Maybe it’s time we get some sleep.”
He doesn’t do anything for a moment and the stillness of the frosty night seems to make the time stretch. Then he turns around and crosses the space between us until his face is just inches from my own. “What would life be without you?” he murmurs, searching my face. He reaches up to move my hair out of my eyes.
I couldn’t look away even if I wanted to. His gaze is too intense. It’s consuming. It’s a drunken slip of the tongue. He won’t remember saying this tomorrow.
He drops his hand and nods. “Bed.”
He walks around me and by the time I finally turn around to watch him, he’s disappearing into our barrack. I close my eyes and take a few deep breaths, reminding myself that Aden doesn’t have a clear head.  
Eventually I move my feet towards the barrack. I pass the loud grinning soldiers who are still singing at the dinner table and quietly open the barrack door. I peer through the darkness and see that half the beds are occupied. I cross over to the corner where Aden is lying down with his back facing me.
I climb in my cot and stare at the roof, repeating Aden’s words in my head.
What would life be without you?
Aden’s life would be just as significant without me. I’m the one who would be worse off without him. I wouldn’t be alive at all if it weren’t for Aden. I would have died on the side of a road ten years ago. Yet he acts as though I’m the one who saved him.
I should tell him this. I should thank him every day. But I forget how fortunate I am. Everyone does, I suppose. If I leaned over my bed and whispered it, would he hear me?
I look over the canvas and find him in the shadows. His chest is rising and falling in a slow succession. If I lowered my arm I could touch the scar on his face.
I withdraw my outstretched hand and mouth the words anyway.
Thank you, Aden.
 
 §     §     §

I’m pulled from the deep depths of sleep.
Whispers and the sound of a struggling body pry me from a dream not yet finished. I become more conscious with every passing second as it begins to dawn on me that the disruption is happening nearby. Not just nearby. Directly under me.
I open my eyes to a pitch-black barrack. All I can make out are the dark outlines of two men trying to contain someone as they drag him from his cot. My sluggish mind knows this isn’t right but it doesn’t have control over my body to make it react.
It isn’t until the soldiers have carried the man to the door that I realize the person flailing in their arms is Aden. He’s grunting into a gag and resisting their hands but they manage to keep a firm grip on him. I watch dumbstruck as they heave Aden through the doorway and close the door behind them.
Seeing Aden vanish behind the wood was enough to convince me that what just happened wasn’t a plot twist in my dream. I jump from my bed, not caring how many people I’ve woken. Only a few are grumbling and rolling over. The rest are still sleeping soundly.
I step into my boots and grab my sword before inching the door open and squinting at the path. I look to the left where the moonlight reveals the guards leading Aden up the castle steps. He’s walking on his own now but he’s still struggling and shouting through the gag.
I quickly sort through my options. I’ll be captured and restrained if I run up and start wielding my sword to free him, and killing two Redemption soldiers doesn’t seem like a good plan. No, rash actions won’t help either of us, so I make my way onto the path and slink silently behind them. The guards approach the castle door, turn a key and push Aden inside.
As the door begins to close my muddled mind informs me that I might not be able to open it once it’s shut. I quickly and noiselessly climb the stairs and put the blade of my sword between the crack before it closes. I catch my breath and pray they haven’t paused to lock it, but that’s not likely with a man thrashing in their arms.
I put my ear to the door before pushing it open. I don’t hear anyone on the other side but I can barely make out Aden as they take him farther down the corridor. I press on the wood and wince when it makes a creaking noise. No one comes, so I open the door just wide enough to fit my body through.
I follow the sound of thudding footsteps and Aden’s inaudible shouts of protest. I keep my sword elbow height, ready to defend myself from anyone stupid enough to try to capture me too.
But why would they? What reason could the Redemption have for doing this? Aden has proved himself to be a skilled fighter. He has become friends with many of the soldiers. He’s the perfect Redemption warrior. I can’t fathom a reasonable explanation for this abduction carried out in the dead of night.
I back up into a shadowed corner when I see the soldiers and Aden in the next corridor. They’ve halted in front of the room where we were sworn in to the Redemption. Someone opens the door for them and they go through.
Once they’ve disappeared, I run forward and put my eye to the keyhole. I can see the bottom half of the bodies inside. The slim ones straight ahead are pacing. These belong to Deidre, the General. I shift my head to look next to her and my suspicion is confirmed: Hendrick is there too. A yard or two from the door stands Aden and his two guards.
“Let him go,” the General commands. Aden’s handlers take a step back and she approaches him. “Name?”
“Aden.”
“Where are you from, Aden?
“I lived in Haed Forest, a mile from Hundman Village.”
The General stops pacing. “Did you live alone?”
“No. I lived with my grandmother and a girl we took in when she was orphaned.”
“The girl you arrived with?”
“Yes.”
“Go get her,” the General commands the guards.
I fall backwards and throw my body into a darkened doorway in the opposite direction of the barracks. I cover my mouth with my hand as the two soldiers exit the room and hasten down the corridor to the back of the castle.
I exhale and crawl back to the keyhole.
“What’s your grandmother’s name?” the General is asking Aden.
“Rhoda,” he answers, sounding exhausted. “Though I don’t see what that has to do with anything.”
“It’s very important, actually,” the General says, stepping forward. “One of your fellow soldiers made it known to us that you claim to be Windum’s grandson. You don’t see how that would be greatly distressing to us?”
“Distressing?” Aden repeats. “I thought if you knew about Windum you would want to use me as a mediator between the Redemption and the Guardians. I never met Windum and I promised my grandmother I wouldn’t seek him out.”
This sends the General pacing again and an unseen Redemption soldier speaks up. “He must be disposed of. He’s obviously a spy.”
“What do you mean spy?” Aden asks incredulously. “For whom? Windum?”
“No, for your father of course!” his accuser shouts.
Aden doesn’t reply. It’s a whole minute before he finds his voice. “I haven’t seen my father in twenty years,” he says gravely. “I thought he was dead. I don’t even know his name.”
I see the General’s feet halt in front of him. “You expect us to believe that you don’t know who your father is?”
“I don’t.”
The soldier scoffs. “Exactly what we’d expect Orjak’s son to say if he was caught!”
This sends me to the floor again. Not because my knees are going numb. Not because I hear the soldiers sent to retrieve me returning from the barracks.
But because the he said Orjak.

Sixteen   |   Adira Resurrected
My mind rejects this claim. 
Rhoda would have told Aden who his father is if he were still alive. Or Aden would have found out sometime in the past twenty years that his father is not just a leader but the grand mastermind behind the Fallen regime that rules our land.
No. This is too far fetched.
I stand and put my hand on the door, preparing myself to barge in and tell the others how ridiculous this is. That it’s a misunderstanding. That Aden is nothing like Orjak.
“Take him to the front and deal with him there,” the General says before I turn the tarnished doorknob.
I halt and go cold. Deal with him. I can guess what that means. Fear hits me like a slap to the face because I know I won’t be able to stop the guards from killing Aden. My stammered explanations will be feeble. My strength is nothing compared to a group of soldiers. And he’ll die right in front of me.
There’s only one thing that could keep them from hurting Aden. It will cost me everything. It will take away the future I hoped to build for myself and I’ll lose the opportunity to fight alongside my fellow Redemption soldiers. I’ll be forced to relive the memories I’ve been so desperately trying to outrun.
But even though I have the choice to turn away from this door, keep my secret and take my rightful spot on the battlefront, I know in my heart that this is no choice at all. Either Aden lives or he dies, and I can’t imagine a world he’s no longer in. I refuse to live in that world. So there’s only one thing I could even consider doing, and that’s saving Aden like he saved me ten years ago.
I throw open the door. “STOP!” 
Once my eyes have focused in the dim firelight, I see shock on everyone’s faces rather than anger. They were expecting me but thought I’d be in the hands of two soldiers. The surprise of my entrance quickly wears off and a soldier grabs me from behind.
“Stop!” I say again, fighting against his arms. “He’s not Orjak’s son!”
“Hush, girl,” says the General.
I train my eyes on Hendrick but he just looks away, confused and disappointed. “Please, listen to me!” I say breathlessly.
The General doesn’t silence me immediately so I take these few precious seconds to pour out the words. “I’ve lived with Aden and Rhoda for ten years. Never once have they mentioned Windum or Orjak in all the time I lived in their home. Aden only found out about Windum the day before we traveled here!”
The General regards me with narrow eyes. “The problem,” she begins coolly, “is that I don’t know you. I don’t know your name or where you came from. You could be another Fallen infiltrating our Headquarters. What is your word to me?”
“What about Trentia?” Aden says angrily, pulling against the hands that are keeping him from getting to me. “Trentia met me and knows my intentions are true.”
“Trentia could be wrong,” the General snaps. “Even the best Seer can be tricked by a trained spy. Her opinion alone is not enough.”
“I can prove he’s not a spy,” I say, earning silence.
Aden stops fighting his handler to stare at me, his eyes pleading. Don’t do it, they say. Don’t tell them.
He knows how badly I want a better life after this war. Together we were going to make Magdiel a better place to live. But there won’t be a together if they kill him. So I turn from his gaze to address Hendrick and the General. “Of all the people here, I am one you can trust.”
I can practically hear the sneer of the man restraining me—a captain, I think. The General takes a step closer and Hendrick puts his hand on her shoulder. “Why?” he asks, his words tinged with hope.
“Because I am Princess Adira, daughter of King Jerik and Queen Milah. And do you really think Orjak’s son would live with me for ten years knowing who I really am and not kill me?”
Hendrick drops his hand from his mother’s shoulder and takes a few steps toward me. He looks my face, searching, and then he smiles a little. 
He believes me.
The General is regarding me the same way she did during the swearing-in ceremony—with curiosity and a hint of suspicion. She steps forward to stand next to her son. “I will not deny that I thought you looked like the Queen when I first saw you. The resemblance is remarkable. But the princess is believed to be dead and it seemed foolish to consider the thought.”
“She’s lying, of course,” says the captain behind me.
Hendrick glares at him but his mother nods slightly. “We must exercise caution,” she concedes. “I will give you the next minute to convince me of your true identity. Otherwise I will have to protect my people and remove you.”
I feel a pounding behind my ears as dread twists in my stomach. Because my first life is just a haze now. It’s the small details that are lodged in my head and some of them might not even be real. Anything that could convince the General of my true identity was probably erased long ago. 
But our lives depend on the next minute, so I nod and close my eyes before reciting the memories I replay in my mind when I can’t sleep. I wait for her image to form in my head. 
“My…my mother. She would put perfume on her comb before running it through her hair. It smelled like lavender, I think.”
I pick up the comb in my mind’s eye and run it through my hair. Then I gently set it down next to her water basin and follow her down a staircase to the castle foyer where our maids and cooks are lined up. “She would line the servants in the main hall every fortnight to ask them how their families were faring and if they needed extra food or clothing.”
Then I see my father enter the foyer, returning from a day of hunting. “My father would twist his beard between his fingers and take his time before answering a question. Oh, and he would laugh at his own jokes even if no one else did.” I smile a little at this memory. Then one more plays out. “And on my tenth birthday, the day they died, my parents woke me up with a kiss on either cheek.”
I slowly open my eyes and look over at Aden to offer him an apologetic shrug. This is the best I can do.
He seems to have forgotten that his father is Orjak—that his life hangs in the balance. He wrenches himself from the hands grasping him and comes to me. He glares a deadly glare at the captain holding me and I feel the hands on my arms release me. Aden pulls gently on my elbow until he’s wrapped his arms around me, shielding me from the room.
I never told him any of this before. These memories were precious to me, like the favorite lines of a book you want read over and over again and never tell anyone about because they speak only to you. I know they aren’t enough to save our lives, though. How could the General, Hendrick or any of the others know them to be true?
Over Aden’s arm I see the General’s feet as they take a few steps forward. I raise my head when she begins to speak.
“I expected to hear the name of the king’s horse or the queen’s favorite color,” she says shortly. “What you’ve told us simply cannot be affirmed by anyone unless they interacted closely with the king and queen.”
I wait for her to order us killed. I failed to save us and now I’ll never be able to repay Aden for saving me ten years ago. I ended up getting him killed by the very Redemption we wanted to join.
The General clears her throat and looks over at Hendrick. He nods slightly and she reaches forward. I instinctively recoil but she just takes my hand in hers.
“I believe you, Adira.”
I can feel my hand trembling in her palm. “Why? I mean, how—”
“The reason I know you look like the queen,” she interrupts, “and the reason I suspected something when I first saw you is because I lived in your castle too.”
I inspect her sharp face, her piercing eyes, and I change her appearance in my mind. I imagine her hair a deep brown instead of the faded color it is now. I picture her cheeks fuller and a dress on her slim form. Then I remember her. She’s helping my mother dress while I sit on her canopied bed, admiring her satin gowns.
“I remember you,” I say faintly.
Hendrick steps forward and my attention turns to him. The room around me dissolves and I see another moment in time. A recollection from years ago.
It’s a gray, foggy morning. I’m seven or eight years old and my parents are ushering me outside to board our carriage. The stable boy is brushing the horses and readjusting their harnesses. He hears us coming and hurries forward to release the foothold. I accept his hand as he helps me into the carriage and make contact with his brilliant blue eyes before saying thank you.
Now I see Hendrick and me playing hide and seek in the castle when I was just learning to run. I see Hendrick guiding my horse on my daily trot a few years later. I see his mother scolding him for keeping me from my studies. I see her telling him we can’t play together anymore.
I think I hardly ever saw him after that—only when I got in and out of our carriage. My parents made me play with their advisors’ daughters instead. Somehow I forgot Hendrick along the way. I forgot my first friend.
The present moment reappears and I find Hendrick’s face again. “You were my…you were our stable boy.”
He smiles again. “I was.”
Despite the horror of the last five minutes, I feel what can only be happiness tug at my heart. Hendrick and his mother are the only people besides Berwyn to have even the smallest memory of my parents. They’re further proof that those first ten years of my life actually happened.
I don’t know what to say until I feel Aden’s hand leave my arm. He takes a step away and this sudden distance leaves me feeling strangely cold. I clear my throat and address the General. “You see now that Aden is not Orjak’s son. It just can’t be. Aden and his grandmother saved my life. They fed and clothed me for ten years.”
The General looks at me and then at Aden. I can see her debating what to do. Finally she turns to face him. “I now believe that you didn’t know you’re Orjak’s son,” she says. “Few people outside of the Redemption do. Most don’t even know that he comes from royalty. Both Windum and Orjak refuse to acknowledge their relation to one another. You can understand why.”
Aden is looking into the fire burning under the marble mantle. “They’re ashamed.”
The General nods. 
Hendrick speaks next. “Orjak hated Windum because he abandoned your grandmother, leaving her with nothing. Orjak also opposed all of Windum’s decisions as king. He saw how he mistreated the serfs and in an act of rebellion against the father he never knew, he began to rally them against the monarch. The serfs were already upset but they didn’t truly rebel until Orjak organized the cause and elected himself their leader. Windum, meanwhile, never acknowledged Orjak as his son and erased all evidence that he was.”
“Orjak lived with Rhoda in poverty until he was an adult,” the General adds. “A few years before he left to start the Fallen, he married a woman and together they had a son. You.”
My head is spinning from the unfathomability of this story, but the frightful thing is that it’s incredibly reasonable too. Everything fits in this account. Rhoda’s lies. Aden’s mother. His absent father that left nothing but a scar on his son’s infant face. 
Questions flood my mind but I focus on the one that matters above all the others.
Is it true?
I look up at Aden to see whether he thinks so but it’s clear that the moment between us has passed. His eyes reflect nothing but flickering flames in the fireplace. I’ve seen him withdraw over things less sorrowful. With every second that passes, he’s retreating farther and farther away from me.
The General keeps speaking, unaware that Aden might not be hearing her anymore.
 “Your grandmother must have realized that it was Orjak who was leading the young Fallen movement in the north, and that’s why she moved with your mother and you into Haed Forest. She was trying to hide you so Orjak wouldn’t return and take you away.” The General pauses to watch Aden. “He never came for you?” she asks after a moment.
Aden shakes his head but doesn’t look at her. It’s now that the General finally realizes she won’t get anything more from him tonight, so she calmly suggests that he return to his barrack for rest. She doesn’t apologize for accusing him and Hendrick doesn’t say anything at all. They just watch as Aden turns around and walks out of the room without a glance at anyone.
I go to follow him, hoping that the reveal of my true identity will go unnoticed. But that’s wishful thinking.
“Adira.”
I let go of the door and turn around with a sigh. Everyone in the room is looking at me. I take a cue from Aden and stare into the fire to avoid their eyes. 
Hendrick steps forward and I let him guide me to a chair covered in crushed velvet. The General dismisses everyone but Hendrick and me, then comes to stand next to her son.
“Your being here changes things, Adira,” she begins slowly. “It’s no secret that the Redemption is smaller than the Fallen. Victory is uncertain. Some would even say unlikely. So we try to provide our soldiers with encouragement. We give individual attention in drills because we believe that a soldier with something to fight for is superior to one with more resources.”
I don’t say anything. I know what she’s going to ask me but I won’t help her along.
“Windum is not cooperating,” she continues. “He refuses to ask for reinforcements from the other Guardians. The only way we’ll defeat the Fallen is if more people join our numbers. But the people of Magdiel are frightened. They don’t see what could be if the Redemption wins the war. If they had something or someone to believe in, I know more would come.”
She pauses to let me interject but I remain silent.
Hendrick passes his mother and stands in front of me, willing me to look in his eyes. The memories they hold threaten to overwhelm me.
“Adira,” he says, whispering my real name. “Your resurrection could turn the war on its head. If the citizens of Magdiel find out you’re still alive, they’ll start to resist the Fallen’s control. You could be their fearless leader marching the Redemption into war. We could win.”
I search the room for something else to focus on. I decide on a chip in the stone wall to the left of a moth-eaten tapestry. “What would I have to do?”
The General begins to pace, an action I expect helps her think. She speaks quickly, as though she’s had a plan prepared for months. “We’ll start spreading the rumor that you’ve returned. We don’t want to reveal you too quickly and give the Fallen a reason to declare war. We’ll finish our preparations for battle and then bring you to a village or two to prove you really are alive. The news will quickly make its way through Magdiel. Soon everyone will know that the princess lives.”
I stand, suddenly needing to move. I go to the fireplace and lean my hand against the mantle to steady my shaking legs. “Could I still fight in the war?”
The General hesitates. “That’s something to consider when the time comes.”
That was her way of saying absolutely not. The thought of not joining my fellow soldiers makes my throat burn with anger. I could still refuse to do this, whatever it is they want me to be. I’m not even sure how much good I would do.
I take a deep breath and turn to face them. “I spent the last ten years becoming someone else. I grew comfortable in my new life and I thought once the war was over I could finally move on from the Fallen and the painful memories they gave me.” I look up to stare at the portrait of the king and queen as I continue. “I’m not my parents. I know nothing of rallying a kingdom or leading one. I’m the broken version of a princess who never even made it to the throne. Trust me, you don’t want me to be a leader in your war.”
The General takes a step closer. “Ah, but don’t you see? That’s exactly why you must do it. You identify with the abandoned and brokenhearted. Who better to lead the people of Magdiel than someone who understands them? Someone who wants nothing more than to take down the regime causing this pain?”
“I would certainly follow you,” Hendrick offers quietly. “You have more potential and power than you realize.”
I close my eyes and ponder this proposition. The responsibilities they’re describing only seem to extend until the end of the war. Am I free to live my life the way I choose after that? 
If yes, then this offer seems too good to be true. Too easy. I recite my interpretation over the sound of the crackling fire. “So I’ll act the part of redeemed princess and lead the Redemption through this war, but nothing more? Nothing beyond that?”
Hendrick’s expression grows apologetic. He takes a step towards me and opens his mouth to speak but his mother puts a hand up to silence him before he can utter a word. She straightens her back and looks at me with an unwavering stare. In a clear, resounding voice, she says, “You would be more than a temporary princess, Adira. You would be crowned the Queen of Magdiel.”

Seventeen   |   The Only Way
I will have a coronation to establish my authority.
I will gain the support of the kingdom.
I will save Magdiel and empower its people.
I will change this realm for the better.
These are just a few of the things the General said after I slumped into a chair, the word queen bouncing around inside my head. I didn’t hear her instructions at the time but they entered my mind all the same and start to resurface later as I walk back to the barrack.
I told her I needed time. I said I couldn’t make my decision in the middle of the night when my heart was still recovering from the fear of being killed. But really I just had to get out of that room.
Hendrick and his mother watched me leave as though I was a mirage that would disappear the moment I left the room. I’m a dream come true for them. A last hope to cling to. They’re probably wondering why I wouldn’t agree to their proposal on the spot. Who wouldn’t want to be queen?
I thought they would ask me to appear to the realm and tell everyone that we’ll make it through this war. That we’ll defeat the Fallen. I could do that if I had Aden by my side and the promise of killing my parents’ murderers. But assume the role my mother had? Even as a child I knew this was something I didn’t want. I dreamed of running away on my horse and crossing the barrier to Dibon where the dragons are. I wanted to live high up in a mountain and watch their black shadows spit fire into the night sky. How could I do that if I was chained to a throne?
But I knew there would come a day when my mother would sit me down and tell me the Guardians chose me to be Magdiel’s next ruler. She would put her crown on my head, take my hand in hers and wish me luck. 
That day never came. Part of me was glad it didn’t. And yet here I stand with the crown in front of me, demanding to be worn.
When I pass through the castle’s back door and crunch along the rocky path to the barracks, I feel a wave of uncertainty sweep over my body instead of the freezing night air. Because if I become queen, I’ll lose my chance to find and slay the Fallen soldiers that killed my parents. It will require letting go of the duty I hoped would rid my heart of the consuming guilt—the disease that has only one remedy. And I’ll remain ill forever if I don’t kill the Fallen and restore balance. 
If that is to be my future then assuming the throne would be wrong. I’d be a poor queen. One who stumbles her way through life, looking desperately for anything to fill the hole in her chest. I can’t give Magdiel all of me because I don’t have all of me to give. I’m a shell.
My people deserve better.
I didn’t think to say any of this when I was staring at Hendrick and the General. I promised I would tell them my decision when I had time to think it through. But no amount of time seems like enough. I’ll need years or better yet, a lifetime. I have a few days at best.
I continue down the path to my barrack, open the door and find Aden in the darkness. He’s lying still but I know he’s not asleep. I won’t be able to either so why bother pretending? I close the door and turn around to sit at the table I ate at yesterday. Earlier tonight? I don’t even know.
I pick at the grain in the wood, unaware of the wispy flecks of snow that begin to fall an hour later or the women who bring out plates of bread hours after that. It’s not until the waking bell is being rung nearby that my eyes finally see what’s happening around me. I squint at the white light from the clouds above and my body sags in weariness. I should have tried closing my eyes.
I’d be surprised if Aden was able to sleep. He’s the first to come out of the barrack a few minutes later. I watch as he emerges with a downcast head and goes to wait by the gate, giving notice to nothing and no one. He’s so deep in his own mind that not even I can reach him. It’s a place he retreats when there are too many thoughts vying for control.
I understand that his life changed last night. I understand that he needs to grieve for the sins of his father. I just hope he surfaces soon and meets me in a mutual place of confusion and heartache. Together we could survive there.
I see a huddle of soldiers shuffling towards the gate so I make myself stand. I don’t want to train today. I don’t want to do anything at all. But these feelings don’t matter in war. You pick up your sword and take your stance because your fellow warriors can’t afford your wandering mind. The Fallen aren’t going to care that you’re having a hard day. They won’t pat your shoulder or give you their handkerchief. They’ll just thank you for being distracted and push their blade through your heart.
When I look up I find Aden watching me. He quickly averts his eyes but it’s too late. I already saw the battle waging inside them. 
He doesn’t speak a word to anyone the rest of the day.
 
§     §     § 
 
It was a restless night. A heavy one where I knew there was something I didn’t want to think about when daylight broke. My body tried to remain asleep but my mind fought back and won, and the memories of the past two days returned with a vengeance.
When I rise at the morning bell I bend over my bed to find Aden’s empty. I take a deep breath in an attempt to fend off the hurt another day of his silence will bring.
I follow the huddle down to the training ground. It’s a clearer sky today. A storm must have passed through during the night but it left behind puddles of dirty water that make sucking sounds as we walk.
I scan the field and see Aden waiting where we’ll be doing today’s drills. It’s dueling again, by the look of it. I hasten my steps and make a line for him, preparing the words I want to say. I open my mouth to yell his name but then a captain calls for us to assemble and I’m forced to save my words for later.
“Pair up,” the captain barks to the group. “The first group of pairs will duel in these areas.” He points to four marked-off spheres on the field: one to the left of the archery range, another next to the pile of throwing stones, one that is just a pit of mud, and the last is a patch of slick grass near the strategy tent.
I’ve barely turned around to look for Aden, my desired partner, when I hear a growl somewhere behind me. “I want the girl.”
I turn to see the man huffing toward me. It’s the one I punched on my first day of training. His eye is still a bit discolored and his smile is threatening. I don’t like the frenzy I see in his eyes. 
“Fine,” I say with a shrug, determined to look undeterred.
The captain points to the first three pairs, then his finger lands on me. I feel my pulse quicken as I follow the captain’s gesture to the dueling area by the pyramid of throwing stones.
I face the man I’m to fight and wait for the signal to begin. I look in his ugly, menacing face and feel the fury in the pit of my stomach rise up. It’s anger that has built up over days, weeks, years. Anger at this war and the Fallen who caused it. Anger at myself and the General and Aden and even Berwyn for dying and leaving me to do all of this without him.
I cling to the rage and let it send power through my arms. When the captain shouts for us to begin I lunge and throw my sword at the man, relishing the sound of blade on armor.
He doesn’t back down. He must have been waiting for this moment of revenge since the day I sent him falling to the ground. His jabs push me backward and suddenly I’m on the defense. I growl in frustration, swing my sword at his chest and he instinctively jerks his head back. In the split second he has retreated I run forward and kick him in the stomach.
On the edge of my vision I can see that most of our training group has huddled to watch us, but I don’t hear their shouting. I’m too concerned with the beast in front of me, who’s up again and wearing a look of madness on his face. He charges forward and I duck just in time to miss his swing. We’re not dueling to kill but you wouldn’t know it by the way he’s stabbing his sword at my neck. I roll to the side and kick his knees. He tumbles.
I stand to position myself before looking up at the crowd for barely more than a moment. But it’s enough time to find Aden. He’s watching me, leaning forward on the balls of his feet, squinting in concern. I look at him with a tilted head.
Where have you gone?
His face softens in understanding, then he yells out a warning. His arm is stretched in the direction of my adversary who’s running at me, his sword abandoned somewhere on the ground behind him.
I barely have time to take another breath or raise my sword before he’s picked me up as if I were a mere sack of flour. With a roar he throws me with all his might toward the pile of stones that lie fifteen feet away. My mind goes blank as I collide with the muddy ground and slide. Pain paralyzes my entire body and then disappears completely when my head collides with the pyramid of rocks.
Everything goes black.
 
§     §     §

“That’s my girl…that’s it. Can you hear me?”
Cognizance is fluttering just beyond my grasp, close enough to bring sound and feeling. I hear the voice that’s hovering above me but I don’t recognize it. It belongs to someone older, someone wiser. Surely Rhoda isn’t here and it’s too kind to be the General. But I want to hear more. Its soothing tone is making the pain in my head subside.
 I open my eyes to a warmly lit canvas ceiling. It looks like the top of the strategy tent, which means I must be lying in a cot. Oh, yes. I can feel it beneath me. 
I try to raise my arm but it requires too much strength. I’ll have to assume that the thing just above my eye is a bandage and the pain on my back is where my opponent picked me up and threw me.
I let my eyes wander until they land on Trentia. She’s looking down at me with a small smile. It was her who woke me. “Do you know where you are, child?” she hums.
“The Redemption Headquarters.”
“Do you know who you are?”
“Shiloh.”
She laughs quietly. “Well, that’s both true and false, isn’t it?”
I meet her misty eyes. My concussed brain can’t find the words to contest her. It’s futile anyway. She Sees who I really am.
I try to prop myself up and peer around the room. The lamps cast a dim golden light over the other beds but they’re all empty. It’s safe to speak here. “You know me,” I sigh as I lie back down.
“I knew you even before I Saw you. You look just like your parents.”
“My parents? Did you—?”
“Your father was a kind king,” she nods. “He and your mother, they saved me.”
“I don’t…I don’t recognize you.”
“You were just a baby when I met them,” she explains, looking across the tent. Her eyes are focused on something far away. “Many years ago they were passing through Ocran on their way back from Ergan Peak. I was an exile in my realm, ostracized because I had lost my Sight. I had no place to live and was quickly starving to death.
“I followed your parents’ carriage, begging for food. They took pity on me and brought me back with them. They were certain that I would regain my Sight if I was given a chance to survive. To make a new life. They allowed me to cross the border, without their Guardian’s permission I might add. With a new life and their generous provision, I gained my Sight back, just as your parents predicted.”
“No one in Magdiel suspected anything?”
“That’s the thing about Seers, child. We look just like everyone else.” She puts a damp cloth to my cheek and peers under my bandage.
“How did you end up at the Redemption?” I ask hoarsely.
Trentia soaks the cloth in water before answering. “The General sought me out a few weeks after your parents were killed. I was living alone in a tiny hut at the base of the Orpha Mountains. Oh, how I loved my solitary life. But I had to come when she asked if I would assist the army she was building. I felt I owed something to your parents for saving me all those years ago. I’ve been here at Headquarters ever since.”
“You came for the king,” I say with a tired smile.
“Indeed I did. And the queen.”
“So if you can See then…then you know who will win this war. Don’t you?
“Don’t think anyone here hasn’t asked me that,” she sighs. “I wouldn’t tell even if I knew. Seers vow only to reveal things that won’t change the course of this world. The war will change this realm and to warn against it would be wrong, no matter the outcome.”
I frown. “We’re to lose, then.”
“No,” she replies earnestly. “Not even I can See the true outcome. There are too many decisions that hang in the balance, both on our side and the side of the Fallen. It does no good to believe what I See. It could change,” she snaps her fingers, “like that.”
“But right now, at this moment,” I whisper, “will we be victorious?”
A moment of silence passes as she decides whether to indulge this information. Finally she moves, but it’s to shake her head. “No.”
I shut my eyes tight as this truth grips my stomach. It hurts worse than the wound on my head. 
Most of my fellow soldiers will die. I probably will too. Anyone who survives will just be killed in the aftermath when the Fallen stands triumphant. It will reign over this realm, forever to persecute and kill. The injustice of it makes me writhe in anger.
“As I said,” Trentia says, pulling me back. I turn my head to look at her. “This is what I See based on that which has already been decided. If someone were to change their mind and put the Redemption on a new path, well then, perhaps it will win.”
I return her stare and, very slowly, my mind makes sense of her words and the hidden meaning in them: my becoming queen is the only way. Our only chance. A tiny tear escapes the corner of my eye as I nod and look up at the tent’s roof.
Trentia stands. “Get some rest, dear. You have much to think about.”
“Thank you, Trentia,” I say when she’s at the tent flap. 
She offers me a small smile before exiting and leaving me alone with my thoughts.
I let my body go heavy and sink into myself, wishing I could melt away. Wishing I might go back twelve hours when I could justify fighting because I thought we had a chance of winning this war. Now that I know what is to come, this decision has become no decision at all. Just like when it came to saving Aden, there is only one choice.
Trentia could be lying of course, or perhaps she was asked by the General to deceive me. But I’m not willing to take that risk. As much as I want to resist the responsibility of the crown and remain Shiloh, Magdiel could die if I don’t become Adira again.
Assuming the throne will not make our victory a surety. It won’t even be likely. Yet if there is even the smallest chance we make it through then what is my life when so many hang in the balance? I will forfeit my future if it means the rest of my people can have one.
I feel the relief of a decided mind rush over my body, even if it’s not a decision I want to make. My concussed head can feel sleep approaching and the warmth of the lamplight makes me artificially happy. I don’t consider how this choice means forfeiting the plans I made with Aden following the war. Maybe he won’t care. He seems to want distance between us anyway.
Another tear makes its way down my cheek but I’m not sure if it is a tear of relief or mourning. As it falls down the side of my face, my mind falls with it into the dark oblivion of sleep.

Eighteen   |   Oldest Friend 
The sound of Wilmur’s booming voice shakes me awake.
“No, no, they must be situated here!” he’s saying. Bright light forces my eyes open and I turn to see him rustling papers and stroking his beard.
I slowly lift my body to see if I can sit up. As I rise I feel something tumble from my lap to the floor. I peer over the cot and find a small block of wood. I reach down to pick it up and the glinting blade of a knife lying nearby catches my eye. I stare at the two of them, confused as to why they’re here. They weren’t last night.
Wilmur bounds over. “Ah, you’re awake!”
I push my blanket away and start to stand. “Yes, and I’m feeling much better.”
“Absolutely not,” Wilmur replies sternly, pushing me back into bed. “You must stay right where you are and recover. Head injuries are nothing to disregard.”
I return his smile with what probably looks more like a grimace. “How long must I stay here? I have to talk to the Gen—”
“We’ll see how you’re faring tomorrow,” Wilmur interrupts. “In the meantime, your friend brought you wood and a knife this morning. He said it would help you cope with the pain.”
I look down at the wood and weapon and make my injured head connect the two. Whittle, Shiloh, I hear Aden say. I pick up the two items and set them in my lap. If whittling helped ten years ago then maybe it will help now too.
Wilmur grunts with satisfaction and returns to the desk of papers and maps. I lie on my back again, supposing that it couldn’t hurt to rest a bit longer. Hendrick is sure to pass through this tent today and when he does, I’ll tell him that I must speak to his mother right away. The war could be any day now and preparations must be made quickly now that I’ve decided what to do.
As the hours go by I hear training going on outside the tent wall. I remind myself that it’s no use wishing I was out there. The General won’t want the queen on the battlefront. The days I spent doing drills are useless now. My sword will just be for show.
Rehya comes to visit and brings me more pieces of wood. She sits at the end of the cot, pulls out one of the knives strapped to her leg and together we whittle in silence. Surely Hendrick told her about my past but she doesn’t ask any questions. She just carves.
Slowly the stack of woodland creatures on the floor grows higher. I wait and wait but Hendrick doesn’t come to the tent. Neither does the General. But I don’t ask Rehya to retrieve them. The longer I remain in this tent, the longer I’m Shiloh. Rhoda’s Shiloh.
Before long the bright light that woke me turns light blue, then dark blue, then black. Rehya gives me an encouraging squeeze on the arm before leaving me to rest. Someone comes in to bring food and light the tent’s lamps. Long shadows are cast across the room. 
I look around and find that it’s just me and two injured men in here. The captains have gone up to the castle and the troops have returned to the barracks for supper. If I listen carefully I can hear the footsteps of soldiers on the grounds preparing the equipment for tomorrow’s training.
It isn’t long before the injured men’s measured breathing fills the tent. I continue whittling under the lamplight without a thought in my head. When I finally look down at my lap I find a mountain of wooden shavings and the small carving of a wolf in my hand. I gasp at the creature, wondering how it got here. I let it fall on the blanket and stand up quickly.
The pounding in my head is second to the pounding in my chest. Am I to have wolf eyes staring at me in my nightmares now? They’ll go well with the terrifying warlock and bloodthirsty Fallen. And what about Berwyn? Will the memory of losing him haunt me forever? I’ve already caught myself talking to him as if he were still here.
I take a step forward and peer down at the wolf. Suddenly determined to dispose of it, I pick it up and exit the tent. The heat of my wounded body keeps me warm as I venture farther into the deserted training grounds. I see a fire pit glowing with waning embers a dozen yards away and stumble toward it.
I blow into the ashes, watch the small blaze grow larger and drop the carving into its orange center. The flames engulf its tiny head, body and legs until finally the wolf is no more. I stare at it for a few seconds and reason that the inevitable rainfall will snuff out the fire. With a satisfied nod I begin walking back towards the tent.
Then something makes me stop.
There it is again. A noise. It sounds like a drop of water falling into a bucket. I walk a few feet in every direction until the noise gets louder and my eyes adjust in the darkness. The silhouette of a figure is barely illuminated by the fire I just left. It’s someone with a blonde head practicing at the archery range. Between shots he runs his hand through his hair to get it out of his eyes.
Part of me wants to turn around and have one more night as myself. One more blissful night. But a slightly bigger part of me wants to apologize for not recognizing him earlier. To explain why I couldn’t accept my parents’ legacy when it was offered to me three nights ago.
I wrap my arms around my stomach to keep in the heat and start to make my way to him. His form grows larger as I approach. He has a quiver of arrows slung around his back and he pulls them in perfect succession between shots. Each one hits the target’s center.
“Impressive,” I say.
He turns around quickly, pulling the bow’s string taut and pointing the arrow at my heart. His shoulders relax when he makes out my face. “Are you trying to get yourself killed?”
I give him an apologetic shrug. “I heard you from the fire pit.”
His expression goes from amused to worried. “You shouldn’t be out in the cold, you’re wounded!” He puts the string of the bow around his shoulder and starts to push me back towards the tent.
I resist his hands. “I’m fine, really. Moving around feels good.”
He sighs and looks at the bandage on my head. “When I heard what happened I…well, I’m afraid my reaction scared the soldiers.”
“What happened to him? The man who…” I point to my head.
“I don’t think my mother trusted me to handle him so Wilmur escorted him from Headquarters.”
I feel my jaw drop. “He’s gone? I mean, he shouldn’t have done this to me but is it wise to decrease our numbers because of it?”
“We don’t want anyone in our ranks who would treat his own like that,” Hendrick replies seriously. “He could have killed you.”
I nod slightly and listen to the Pepolah waves crashing in the far distance. “I’m actually glad I found you,” I say after a few seconds. “I want to try to explain…”
I point to some crates nearby and Hendrick gestures for me to lead the way. He folds his hands once we’re sitting side-by-side on the boxes, and waits patiently for me to speak.
“I’m sorry for running out on you and your mother the other night,” I begin. “I was just surprised at everything that was happening. You know, with Aden and Orjak, and thinking I was going to die at any moment.”
“For the record, I wouldn’t have let anyone hurt you,” he says. “I knew you weren’t working with the Fallen because of that sling you were carrying when we met. It bears the symbol of the kings—our crest. The Fallen would never allow such a weapon to exist.”
“Then I can only imagine what you would’ve thought if you saw this.” I turn and lift my hair, exposing my tattoo to the stinging night air.
Hendrick groans and lifts his hand to my neck. “So you are trying to get yourself killed.”
I smile and turn to face him. “I didn’t know what this symbol was, I just knew I had seen it in my past. Rhoda told me its true meaning just hours after I met you. Now it’s all I see when I close my eyes and think of my parents.”
“I can hardly blame you for forgetting some things,” Hendrick says. “A long time has passed since you lived in that world.”
“A long time,” I nod. “I was starting to wonder if that world ever existed at all.”
A moment of silence passes before he speaks again. “I recognized you on the road that day, you know. I was sure it was you but didn’t see how it could be. You were supposed to be dead.”
“I did almost die,” I say quietly. “I was rescued on the very road I met you a fortnight ago. And I think I recognized you too. Ever since we met I couldn’t shake the feeling that I had seen you before. I just couldn’t remember where. I’m sorry.”
“You have nothing to apologize for, Adira.”
I pull my arms closer to my body. “I’m recalling a lot of things now.”
“We were friends once,” he says. “Do you remember that?”
“I remember.”
He smiles and looks up at the castle.
“That makes you my oldest friend,” I muse. “We’re still friends, aren’t we?”
“I daresay we are,” he laughs. “We’ve just been apart for a while.”
“And look what happened in the meantime.” I gesture to the training grounds. “How did all of this happen? How did your mother come to lead the Redemption?”
Hendrick runs his hand through his hair as he thinks. “The news of your parents’ deaths was delivered to the castle soon after the attack. We figured the Fallen would be coming to ransack it. My mother and me, and anyone else who got away, fled to the Orpha Mountains in the north. There were about thirty of us. We stayed there for a few days and then everyone slowly dispersed to different villages. This continued to happen until only my mother and me remained. My father had died a few months before while he was deployed to suppress a serf uprising.
“My mother and I stayed in a mountain valley for a few weeks. Then one night we were woken up by a group of men on the run because they killed an entire patrol of Fallen soldiers. They had been captured for questioning Orjak’s power, but they fought back rather than accept death by sword. It was self-defense but that didn’t matter. They had to run. Wilmur was among them.
“We told the group who we were and they divulged their plan to start a resistance group. They asked if we’d like to join. My mother surprised me and the others when she began to speak of things no one else knew. Like how this abandoned castle would be the perfect place to house an army. She knew where to find a secret store of weapons and how to recruit people to join the cause. It took ages but we finally gathered our old friends and those interested in what we were calling the Redemption. We traveled to this island and have been here ever since.”
I shake my head at the bravery of it all. And I can’t help but feel like I should have been a part of it. “So you grew up here. You and Rehya. She told me a little bit about it.”
Hendrick looks down at his hands again. “We trained every day. We helped build the barracks and training ground, and we fixed things in the castle. Eventually my mother let me travel the realm to recruit soldiers.” He lets out a small, disbelieving laugh before speaking again. “The Redemption means everything to me, but it never occurred to me that what I’ve devoted my life to could also be the thing that ends it.”
I mirror his bitter smile. “Destiny has a dark sense of humor, doesn’t she?”
“Indeed she does.”
I look up curiously. “Why didn’t the Fallen stop you when the Redemption was just beginning?”
 “No one took us seriously at first,” Hendrick answers. “Orjak and the Fallen were trying to appear cooperative to gain the realm’s support. They probably thought killing all of us would result in an even bigger revolt across Magdiel. So we remained an irritating itch they couldn’t scratch. Our numbers continued to grow and by the time the Fallen realized how big the Redemption really was, we had become too much of a threat. That’s when preparations for war began.”
Thoughts and questions swirl in my head but I don’t voice them. Hendrick and I just sit wordlessly for a long time. Being with him is comfortable. There are no puzzling feelings when I look at him, this friend of mine. There is no desire to push him away or hold him close. It’s just easy, perhaps because we’re similar. I suspect in more ways than one.
“Your father,” I say finally. “Is he the reason you’re fighting in the war?”
Hendrick considers this. “Yes. But at some point I realized that this war is much bigger than my father or me, or even the Redemption. This is for the kingdom. Its survival rests in our hands and we only have this once chance to save it. If we fail—”
“We won’t lose,” I say more loudly than I intended. 
This makes Hendrick smile a little. “Why did you want to join the Redemption, Adira? To punish the Fallen for killing them?”
I peer up at the clouds glowing with moonlight. “I spent the last ten years learning how to wield my father’s sword,” I tell him. “I trained with it every day. I cleaned it every night. I was determined to find the Fallen soldiers that attacked our carriage, and I convinced myself that this was my only purpose—the only reason I had survived the assassinations. But now I’m beginning to think I was brought to the Redemption for a different reason. I just didn’t know it until a few nights ago.”
“Does that mean you’ve decided?” he asks quietly.
“It means I’ve decided.”
Hendrick tries to suppress his relief but isn’t doing a good job of it. “Why now? What changed?”
I reach up to touch my tattoo. “I see now that this war means the survival of the realm my parents loved. I don’t think I would be able to live knowing I could have protected their people and didn’t.”
“I’ll be honored to have you as my queen,” Hendrick says sincerely. “Truly honored.”
I smile, lifting my eyes to look at him. “Wouldn’t you be more proud if that was the reason I came in the first place?”
He stands and offers me his arm. “I don’t care if you came for the wrong reason as long as you’re staying for the right one.”
 
§     §     § 
 
“How can I be the Queen of Magdiel without the Guardians’ permission?”
It’s the following morning. I’m in a room on the second floor of the castle, pacing in front of the General the same way she paces in front of me. I went to her as soon as I woke, long before the morning bell that would send a stream of soldiers down to the training ground.
Before Hendrick left me at the tent last night he suggested that I find his mother as soon as I was able. There are things to be done, he said, if you’re sure this is what you want.
“It will be difficult,” the General admits, pointing me to a chair. “But the Guardians are more impressionable than you think. As long as Magdiel’s troubles don’t threaten their luxurious lives on Ergan Peak, they’ll come to accept whoever wins this war.”
I stare at the ground and picture the Guardians watching our realm crumble with amusement. Maybe they’ll make wagers on the war’s outcome.
“Thank you for doing this, Adira,” the General says after a moment of silence.
I look up to find her staring at the flames in the decrepit fireplace. I briefly wonder if I should tell her what Trentia told me—how the Redemption wouldn’t win if I didn’t accept the crown. But if Trentia didn’t tell the General then I suppose it isn’t my business to either.
“It’s a bit funny,” I say instead.
“What’s that?”
“That you’ll be attending my coronation after all.”
She nods. “Back then I wasn’t so sure there would be a coronation for you. Your mother was worried you would reject the offer if the time came.”
“Reject it?” I echo. “How could I? If the Guardians choose you to assume the throne then there’s nothing you can do but comply.”
“Of course there is,” she counters immediately. “You’re free to lead the life you want and no one has the right to stop you, not even the Guardians. Your parents would have supported whatever you chose to do.”
“Wasn’t my father forced on the throne when he showed up at the castle to see Windum?”
The General shakes her head. “Oh, no. Your father wanted to be king and accepted the duty willingly. He had ideas to improve Magdiel. And improve it he did.”
I’m saved having to reply when the waking bell rings below. Its sound drifts through a crack in the window.
The General resumes my pacing. “I must be honest with you, Adira. We don’t know why Orjak hasn’t declared war yet. We’ve been expecting it every day but the Fallen still hasn’t made a move. It has us questioning if we missed something. If we should be worried.”
“Why not be the first to declare?” I ask. “Surely you’d prefer to battle them on your own terms.”
“That’s true but we need every day they can offer us. It allows for more people to enlist in our ranks.”
“Do I also have time to travel the realm and prove to the people that I’m still alive?”
She stops in front of the window to look down at the barracks. “I’ve made arrangements for you to journey to the closest village on the Pepolah shore. You’ll meet people there, listen to their stories and, above all, you’ll encourage them. They’ll spread word about you quickly enough.”
“You already made arrangements? But I’ve only just told you that I’ll be queen.”
She turns to face me. “I had a feeling you would come around to the idea, if only to find the men that killed your parents.”
“How did you—?”
“Oh, come Adira. I knew your family and the love you had for one another. I suspected the only reason you came here was to avenge them.”
I decide not to deny it. “That’s the reason I enlisted but it’s not why I decided to be queen,” I say. “Besides, if I’m queen then I can’t very well join those on the battlefield. Avenging my parents is no longer in my future.”
The General comes to stand in front of me with a look of surprise on her face, as though I haven’t realized something very obvious. “Adira,” she begins slowly, “Orjak would have sent his best men to ambush your carriage ten years ago. He knew he had only one chance to kill the royal family so he would have chosen his most trusted advisors or strongest fighters to do it. Do you really think Orjak would put these same men on the frontlines of war? I certainly don’t think so. They’ll be by his side, helping him strategize and carry out his most wicked plans. You would have never gotten to these men by fighting as a foot soldier. However, as queen…”
She doesn’t finish her sentence. She doesn’t have to. Her meaning is perfectly clear. I’ll have power as queen. Power to capture and hold prisoner whichever men I want if we win this war. I can have my revenge. That is, if I still want it.
“So, about your traveling to the other villages,” she continues before I can question her on the matter. “If you’re feeling well enough, you’ll depart in two days. Wilmur, Hendrick and Rehya will accompany you. You may also bring your companion if you wish.”
“Aden.”
“Yes, Ojrak’s son.”
I smile grimly at her disapproving expression. “I know it’s hard to accept,” I say. “I’m still trying to understand it myself. But if you want me to help you then you’ll have to trust Aden. I wouldn’t even be here without him.”
“Then he’ll be joining you on the journey to the village?”
I look through the window, calling to mind the past few days when he wouldn’t even speak to me. “I don’t know.”
“I see,” she murmurs. “Perhaps you can ask him tomorrow after you give your speech to the soldiers.”
“Speech?”
“Yes, speech. Those men and women down there are the first people we need to trust you. Without their support, your leadership will be futile.”
“What if they don’t believe me? What if they think I’m an imposter?”
The General waves her hand dismissively. “It will take time but in the end, these soldiers will grasp at anything worth fighting for. And you, Adira, are worth fighting for.”

Nineteen   |   A Moonlit Farewell
Another storm rages overhead. The air blows with a fury, showering the soldiers with icy pelts that force them to return to their barracks early.
I don’t get any such rest. I’ve been with Wilmur and the General all day learning the Redemption’s strategies for war. It’s been a day filled with tea, maps and soldier figurines. It took hours but I’m finally beginning to lock away all of the information.
Captains and their assigned ranks.
Stations and line formations.
Groups of soldiers with special duties that will be deployed as soon as the war begins. One to spy on the Fallen headquarters, others positioned at every village to protect the people and ports, and—
“—Groups that will go to each of the Fallen forts to free the captives held there,” I interrupt as Wilmur demonstrates troops fortifying a seaport. I promised myself I would free Persephone and I intend this to be one of my first acts as queen.
The General sighs impatiently. “We don’t even know if there are captives being held in the Fallen forts. Not to mention, they’ll be guarded and our men are better used elsewhere.”
“I know there are captives in those forts,” I reply with equal agitation. “These strongholds will be more vulnerable during a battle. The soldiers stationed at them will either be fighting our men or terrorizing the nearby villages. You know this, General.”
She looks at me with an unwavering gaze. “How do you know about the captives?”
I glance from her to Wilmur, almost regretting my bringing it up. “I was captured by the Fallen the day before I enlisted,” I confess. “I escaped but not before meeting another woman who was captured weeks before. She was being forced to wait on the Colonel of the fort. And, well…I couldn’t save her. I’m determined to get her out of there even if it means doing it without your help.”
The General watches me with a furrowed brow. “Did you speak to the fort’s colonel?” 
“There was more fighting than speaking.”
“He was going to kill you?”
“I believe that was his intention.”
“Because he knew who you really were?”
“I don’t think so, but it doesn’t matter anyway. I killed him in Sadley Village.”
She regards me with unease. “Fine,” she says finally. “There are four Fallen forts throughout Magdiel. We’ll form groups to travel to each and free captives as long as survival seems likely.”
I bow my head. “Thank you.”
Wilmur yawns loudly and stands. “I think that’s enough information for Adira today, General. She has learned much and needs her rest.”
“Very well,” the General consents. “Adira, where are you going?”
I’ve started following Wilmur to the door. I stop at her words and look back at her. “To my barrack.”
“Wouldn’t you prefer a room in the castle?”
“Oh. I’m—I’m not sure.”
“I think it’s only appropriate that the future Queen of Magdiel have a comfortable place to sleep. Of course, it’s up to you.”
I hesitate, wondering if I should do the appropriate thing or the what I really want, which is be with Aden and my fellow soldiers. But after tomorrow I can’t be my old self with them anyway. They’re going to see me differently after that.
“I’ll do what you think is best, General,” I say.
“Deidre.”
“What?”
“You can call me Deidre. I think you’ve earned that right.”
I nod. “Alright. Then I’ll do what you think is best, Deidre.”
“Very well. Follow me.”
I walk in her wake as she exits the room and leads me down the corridor. I look out a broken window to my left and see a dense white fog that has replaced the day’s rain. The lines of barracks are quiet. I picture the soldiers in bed and Aden sleeping under my empty cot. I know I have to talk to him before I reveal my identity to the soldiers tomorrow. He deserves to know what I’ve agreed to do.
Deidre halts in front of a door and gestures for me to enter. I pass her arm and walk into a room with stone walls, an oak four-poster bed, and a table with a bowl of water resting on it. The floor is covered in a dusty but beautiful woven rug. On the corner of it sits my bag of belongings that I thought were still in my barrack. 
I cross over and pick up the bag, holding it close. “This is lovely,” I say, turning around.
Deidre nods and retreats. “It isn’t much but it’s something.”
“It’s more than enough, Deidre.”
She pauses at the door. “Please be ready to address the soldiers at dawn.”
When she disappears behind the wood I’m left staring at a room that’s the same size as my cottage in Haed forest. I was wrong when I told Deidre it’s enough. It’s too much.
I pull my heavy cloak from my bag and throw it around my shoulders before going to the door to listen for Deidre’s receding footsteps. When I don’t hear anything I inch the door open and make my way down the corridor to the doors that lead to the barracks. I make note of the turns I take so that I won’t get lost when I return to my new room.
I find my way to the castle’s exit, descend the staircase and step into the floating mist I saw through the window. It can’t even be midnight yet but the grounds are eerily quiet.
I pull my cloak closer and watch my feet make footsteps in the rocky mud. I steer them to the door of my barrack and take a deep breath before pushing it open. Light from candles littered throughout the room illuminates a few men sitting up in their beds writing letters. Others are snoring peacefully, oblivious to the cold gust of air I just let in. 
I shut the door quickly and make my way to the corner where Aden is lying. I can see from feet away that his eyes are open. They fall on me and he sits up quickly. I beckon for him to follow me outside and hear him pulling on shoes as I make my way back into the night. I go around the side of the barrack and wait for him there. I don’t want any patrolling guards to see me and insist that I return to the castle.
I softly call his name when I hear the barrack door open again. He turns the corner and approaches me with worried eyes. “How are you? Are you alright?” He gently cradles my neck and stares at my wound. “I’m so sorry, Shiloh. I should have stopped him. It was too late by the time I realized what he was doing.”
“I’m fine,” I insist. “There was nothing anyone could do to stop him.”
Aden’s face grows serious. “I wanted to kill him. You have no idea how much I wanted to kill him. I was just pulling my sword when a group of men tackled him to the ground. Maybe someone was restraining me too. I don’t even remember.”
I shake my head. “Far worse than this injury would be knowing that you killed someone because of me.”
He slowly pulls his hand from my neck. “I know it’s my fault,” he says gravely. “That’s why I didn’t come see you when I heard you had woken. I felt too…if I had only talked to you after that night in the castle…”
“Shutting me out like that hurt me,” I nod, “but it’s not why I’ve come to talk to you.”
His body shifts but he remains silent, waiting for me to speak. I take a deep breath and let the words fall out.
“After you left the castle that night, the General implored that I become not just a figurehead of the Redemption, but the Queen of Magdiel. She thinks I can encourage people to join our numbers or at least resist the Fallen. I didn’t want to do it. I still want to fight. But when I was lying injured in the tent yesterday, Trentia told me that the only chance the Redemption has at winning this war depends on my accepting their proposal. So I went to the General this morning and told her I’ll do it. It’s the only way we might make it through this alive. The only way.”
I take a few more deep breaths and wait for his reaction. Then something happens that I didn’t expect: the slightest look of relief crosses his face. “I always believed you were meant for more,” he says. “I suppose I was right.”
“You…you think it’s the right decision?”
“I think you should give yourself a chance of surviving this war.”
I look him with narrow eyes. “You don’t think I can protect myself on the frontlines? Because if you care to remember, I won two duels out of three back in our forest.”
“That’s not what I…” He shakes his head and takes a moment before continuing. “Shiloh, seeing you hit those rocks and not wake up was the most unbearable thing I’ve ever felt. Every second was torture until I was told you would survive, and even then the pain didn’t go away. If you were to die in battle and I survived, I wouldn’t be able to…” He runs his hands over his chin and looks away.
He doesn’t have to finish for me to know what he’s thinking. I’ve considered it too. I’ve imagined what life would be like without him. No Aden, no parents and eventually no Rhoda. I’m not sure I could consider that a life at all.
“Trentia made it sound as though we could win the war,” I say, willing him to look at me. “When we do, we’ll both be survivors and we can make Magdiel a better place. Isn’t that what we agreed we’d do?”
He takes a step back and I instinctively reach forward and grab his arm to stop him. He doesn’t pull away but instead meets my eyes. “Don’t count on me to live, Shiloh. We’re outnumbered and the Fallen is ruthless. You know this better than anyone. I think the best thing we could do for one another is to say our farewell now.”
I stare at him dumbstruck until anger blossoms in my stomach. “That’s not funny, Aden. You are not leaving me to do this alone. Come with me to the castle and you can help us get ready for the war. You can be an advisor. Then we can be sure that both of us will live.”
He shakes his head as though he had already anticipated this offer. “I’m just a soldier trained for battle. Before that I was poor miller from the forest. I have no experience and nothing to my name. What could I offer your council? Besides, they would never truly trust me as Orjak’s son. I’m useful on the battlefield. That’s where I’m needed.”
“Is that what you really want?”
A few seconds pass before he answers. “I don’t deserve what I want.”
I wait for more explanation but it doesn’t come. “Why are you doing this?” I whisper, my anger giving way to the pain of dismissal. The pain of losing the person I thought I would never lose.
Aden sets his jaw and looks down at me, and then I see it again. The fight in his eyes. He reaches his arm forward but then pulls it back and speaks without expression, as though he’s reading from a book. “How can you even be around me?” he asks quietly. “My father killed your parents, Shiloh. I feel so ashamed that it hurts to look at you. I can’t…I can’t be around you. We must accept that things are different now.”
I can’t form the words to challenge him. He must have a reason for doing this but I can’t think of one good enough. My best friend wants to be rid of me? I don’t understand it. I don’t accept it.
He leans in closely and gently takes my hand off his arm. Then he speaks in a strained voice. “Thank you for everything you’ve given me.”
“Aden,” I say under my breath.
“Goodbye.”
He remains just inches away, waiting for me to say goodbye back, but I remain stunned in silence. After a moment he nods slightly and walks toward the front of the barrack. When he gets to the corner he stops and turns around, his breath rising before him. “I know you’re Adira again,” he says. “But you’ll always be Shiloh to me.”
Then he disappears around the corner and doesn’t come back.
 
§     §     §
 
Emptiness plagues my night. Empty room, empty thoughts, empty dreams.
A pulsating ache in the pit of my stomach keeps me just on the cusp of consciousness where the pain can still touch me. It hurts even worse than the gaping hole in my heart to which I had grown so accustomed.
After accepting that Aden wasn’t going to return, I slowly made my way back to the castle in the darkness. With every step I took my shock turned to resentment. Ten years and this is how it ends? A poor excuse for a goodbye and then he dies in the war?
I’ve never been able to read Aden’s mind the way he can read mine. And the truth is that I don’t have time to try. There’s a war coming and I’m expected to be queen of this realm. The days of putting Aden and myself before the kingdom are coming to a close. So if he wants me to say goodbye to him, then that’s what I’ll do.
The night drags on but I scrounge a few hours of sleep. I wake when it’s still dark outside, but a faint purple light is hovering above the sea’s horizon. I don’t know how long I’m standing in front of the window looking out. Long enough for the purple haze to become a faint blue one.
I jump when the door opens behind me.
“Good morning, dear,” says an old woman carrying a tray of rolls and tea.
Her hands are shaking so I rush forward and take the tray from her. “Allow me.”
“These are for you as well.” She takes the clothing folded over arm and hands them to me.
“I don’t think I need—”
“The General insisted.”
“Ah, I see. Thank you, uh…”
“Hera, dear. My name is Hera. It’s a great honor to meet you.” She bends her tiny frame into a bow and backs outward through the door.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that,” I say awkwardly. But she’s already gone.
I hold up the clothes. It’s a new pair of leather pants and a tunic with elegant embroidery along the neckline. I set them gently on the bed and eat my way through the entire plate of rolls before returning to the clothing and slipping them over my body. Whole, new, clean. Perhaps Deidre was on to something. I feel different in them, like someone who could introduce herself to thousands of soldiers with steady hands.
I strap on my sheath before twisting my hair into its usual bun, this time a bit higher on my head. I feel the unexpected tug of a smile on my lips as I touch my exposed tattoo. I’m free to show it now. Encouraged, even.
I turn the door’s dirty brass doorknob when the waking bell rings on the ground below. The soldiers think they’re getting up to train like any other day. Instead the war as they know it is going to change. Whether it’s for the better, I suppose we’ll find out.
I step into the chilling corridor. Its length empty and long, I walk until I find what was once a drawing room and is now the chamber for induction, strategizing, and accusing people of being spies. I feel as though I’ve spent more time in here than in my barrack.
I push on the door and find the room empty. It’s just me and the fading portrait of the king and queen sitting atop the mantle. They stare down at me with interest. 
This is the one who will sit on the throne we once graced? 
I stand up tall and give them a stare of my own that contends their critical smirks.
I tear my gaze from their judging eyes when Deidre enters the room, followed closely by Hendrick and Rehya. “Good morning,” I say with a painful swallow.
“The soldiers are gathered on the barrack site,” Deidre says instead of returning my sentiment. “Are you ready?”
“I consider ‘ready’ a curious word,” I mutter, moving towards her beckoning wave. “So simple to say and yet to difficult to feel.”
Hendrick smiles and Rehya laughs quietly but Deidre just huffs. When I reach the doors that lead to the barracks I turn to face the three of them, wondering how I might slow the thudding in my chest.
“I will address them first,” Deidre says before opening the door and leaving us alone in the entryway. I lean closer to the door and listen for noise on the other side. The din of chatter dies down among the mass of soldiers.
“You’ll be great,” Hendrick assures me.
“She’ll be more than great,” Rehya says. “She’ll be wonderful.”
“Is wonderful better than great?” he asks with a sigh.
I smile at their irritated expressions and turn when Deidre’s voice drifts back to us through the crack in the door.
“Your dedication to the Redemption does not go unnoticed, nor will it go unrewarded,” she’s saying. “A true blessing has been bestowed on our cause. It is a beacon that proves the Fallen will not succeed when they’re faced with our dedication and perseverance. Our miracle comes in the form of a person Magdiel once thought lost. Someone who knows first-hand the pain Orjak has inflicted on this land.”
I tightly grip the hilt of my sword as Deidre’s next sentence echoes between the fortress’ towering walls.
“Please give thanks with me and offer a salute to Princess Adira, who has returned to us and agreed to resist the Fallen through her birthright as Queen of Magdiel.”
My once pounding heart seems to have stopped beating altogether. I don’t move until Hendrick guides me through the doors and my eyes, blinded momentarily by the light, take in the sea of soldiers staring back at me. Some are shaking their heads in unbelief. Others are amused by the trick they think is being pulled on them.
I find myself standing next to Deidre, who’s looking at me with expectation. I clear my throat and return to staring at the soldiers. The ones in the back are just small spots from here. Will they hear me? Will they detect the truth in my words?
The silence is expanding. I must speak, but not before I find him. I search the crowd and have just given up hope when I see his tall form standing near our barrack. I can’t tell if he’s looking at me, not that it matters. With him in sight the words form inside my mouth.
“My name is Adira,” I say loudly, my voice catching. I hear it hit the great stone fence on either side of me and, like an ancient amphitheater, travel all the way to the back gate. “Many of you have come to know me as Shiloh. I’m both, you see. My parents were King Jerik and Queen Milah. I was princess of this realm for ten years. On my tenth birthday, my parents were killed by a band of Fallen soldiers as we were traveling along the road. They were murdered in front of me.”
I pause here, not for effect but because I’m only just realizing that this is the first time I’ve said these words to anyone other than Rhoda and Aden. Now thousands of people are hearing what happened. I glance at Deidre before continuing. “The Fallen left our bodies on the road. I was barely alive when I was found. I was healed, given a new name and kept hidden. My second life was a humble one but I trained with my father’s sword every day. I was determined to join you here at the Redemption. I set out the day after I turned twenty.
“The General learned of my true identity and asked if I would assume the role my mother once held. The General—we, I mean—believe that I can encourage people to join our numbers. To fight for my father, the king.”
My final words hang in the air until conversation erupts among the soldiers. The words proof and lie reach my ears. Deidre begins to yell above the noise but I touch her arm to stop her. I raise my hand and to my surprise, the chatter dies down.
“I can’t prove to you that I am who I say I am,” I shout. “But I’m hoping you’ll trust me. I pray you’ll believe that the memories of my parents haunt me every day, every moment. I want you to know that they loved this kingdom and so do I, and I will do everything I can to protect it. With your help and your boundless bravery, I know we can end Orjak’s reign once and for all.”
I step away from Deidre and wait for her to dismiss the soldiers to mull over the story we’re asking them to believe. Then a voice rings out in the hush.
“May I see the sword?”
I look out across the crowd to find the voice’s owner. A man older than Deidre pushes his way to the front of the crowd and approaches the staircase. “I forged the king’s sword 20 years ago,” he says. “I will know if what you say is true.”
Deidre waves him forward and he ascends the steps, his silver hair reflecting the white clouds above. When he reaches the top I pull my sword from its sheath and place it gently in the man’s wrinkled hands. 
He turns it over and runs his fingers across the rubies in the hilt. Then he holds it up and looks under the guard. His face breaks into a wide smile. “My branding,” he mutters, pointing to a tiny symbol I’ve never noticed before. He hands me the sword and turns to face the ocean of soldiers. “The princess lives!”
Applause and relieved cheering hit me like a gust of wind. A laugh escapes my throat before I can stop it and tears of relief spring to my eyes. But I refuse to let them fall. Queens don’t cry. Not in front of their army, anyway.

Twenty   |   The Statue Above the Sea
“The nearest village is two hours down the shoreline on horseback,” Wilmur says over the crackling fire.
He has joined Hendrick, Rehya and me for a glass of wine in the strategy room as we discuss the next step of our plan to reveal me to the realm. Deidre is sitting in a corner writing letters to every Redemption recruiter stationed throughout the kingdom, telling them to spread news of me as quickly as they can.
“The village may be close to our Headquarters but the Fallen still patrols its perimeters at night,” Deidre says with her back turned to us. “The four of you must set out as soon as morning breaks and return before the sun sets. My letter to our recruiters there will arrive in time for them to tell our supporters of your coming.”
“What’s the village called?” I ask.
“Namel,” Wilmur answers between gulps of wine. “It’s a very crucial port town in Magdiel.”
“The name sounds familiar.”
“Your parents undoubtedly visited Namel. Perhaps you went with them?”
“Perhaps…”
Deidre stands and gives her letters to a guard in the corridor. “See that these are sent immediately.” 
She returns and comes to stand in front of me. “You were very inspiring today, Adira.” I’m struck by the softness in her eyes. They’re almost motherly. “Your parents would be proud,” she finishes. Then her expression returns to its usual stern one. “Off to bed with you all. You have an early morning.”
We all groan as we stand and file out of the room. I bid the four of them good night and shuffle to my chamber, strip off my clothes and fall into bed. I enter sleep quickly despite the hollowness I’ve felt in my chest since last night’s discussion with Aden. No dreams of warlocks, wolves or a bleeding Berwyn. Just sleep.
Morning comes too quickly. 
Before I know it, I’m awake, being ushered to the carriageway and mounting a horse with eyes still half-closed.
The water along the narrow tombolo is still as we cross the sandy bridge. The sight of the castle behind us is a peaceful one and the sky’s gray clouds are drifting across the sea towards Dibon. It’s blue up there. Such a beautiful, rare blue.
I trot behind the others who turn right at the end of the path and lead their horses along the shore’s edge. It feels strange leaving the Redemption behind. Part of me is tethered to it now.
I follow Wilmur’s golden horse and look down at the ground. This beach reminds me of the day Berwyn died. Aden and I spent the night on this sand letting go of our friend. That seems like ages ago.
Hendrick and Rehya speak quietly together behind me, leaving me to journey with my thoughts. But this only speeds up time and it feels like hardly any has passed when the distant forms of Namel’s seaside structures come into view around a bend. A long dock bordered by two large ships stretches into the water. As we approach the town, moving forms can be seen scattered on the road and surrounding fields.
“Are you nervous?”
I look over to see that Hendrick has caught up with me. I take a second to consider his question. “No, actually,” I reply thoughtfully. “This places feels like a distant memory. I think Wilmur was right: I’ve been here before.”
Hendrick offers me an encouraging nod. “Welcome back, then.” He trots in front of me towards a pair of tall men on the edge of the town’s main road. They have broad swords strapped to their hips and they watch us through squinted eyes.
“They’re right on time,” Rehya says.
“Who?”
“The recruiters. They’ll have gathered our supporters for your arrival.”
We reach the men and dismount our horses. They wordlessly lead us down the main road and through the door of the village tavern where the smell of the sea is replaced with the smell of roasting meat. The dim room is empty save for the barkeep nodding to a door behind the bar. It opens into another room that’s packed with a few dozen people. They breathe a collective sigh the moment we enter.
A blur of women rush forward with tears in their eyes and grab my hands, arms and shoulders. The crowd parts as they lead me to the front of the room to a chair. 
I glance back to find the others. Wilmur’s booming laugh shakes the floor as he greets old friends, and Hendrick sidesteps the young women creeping toward him so that he can follow Rehya to the front of the room.
I politely refuse the chair, preferring to stand instead. The group huddles around me and introduces themselves. I shake every hand that reaches forward and try to remember all the names introducing themselves to me. Then all at once the people fall silent at the sound of the door opening and closing. A man of nearly Wilmur’s height and age pushes his way through the room until he’s standing in front of me. His narrow face regards me with knowing gray eyes. “It’s a pleasure to have you in our village again, Princess.”
“So I have been here,” I say to the stranger, taking his hand.
“Indeed. Your parents came to launch a new fleet of ships from our port. You were a young girl at the time, but you and your parents were very beloved here.”
“It’s nice to hear that,” I smile. “And please call me Shi—Adira.”
“Jakob,” he replies with a bow. He gestures around the room. “The lot of us work on the port. We smuggle recruiters onto ships and then transport them quickly to other regions in Magdiel right under the Fallen’s nose. The others spread false rumors about the Redemption recruiters’ whereabouts.”
“Your efforts are greatly appreciated,” I say, looking around the room. “Knowing we have the support of the people is what keeps the Redemption alive. Truly, it’s because of you.”
An old woman pushes Jakob out of her way and grabs my hand. “I broke down in tears when I heard you were alive. I used to pray for you. Such a poor, lost girl. I always believed you were out there somewhere.”
“Thank you,” I say, my throat catching. “Perhaps it was your prayers that saved my life.”
Perhaps it really was.
More people come forward to talk over one another. And they don’t stop. I listen to their hopes for after the war—their ideas for making Magdiel a better place. I reply with ideas of my own. I tell them how I lived a life of poverty in Haed Forest. How I understand the trials of the poor, the parentless, the persecuted.
When Wilmur announces that we must depart for Headquarters he is met with a shout of disapproval.
“You’ve only been here a short while!”
“Stay and eat!”
“I’m afraid there isn’t time,” Hendrick says. “The Fallen will be patrolling this evening.”
Jakob looks at me. “Can I show you one thing before you leave? It won’t take long and I think you’d like to see it.”
I look to my group. Wilmur and Rehya nod but Hendrick is frowning. “I don’t know,” he says. “If someone sees Adira—”
“She’ll be safe,” Jakob assures him.
“I’ll be fine,” I second.
Hendrick hesitates and Rehya whispers something to him. He weighs her words and then nods reluctantly.  
“Excellent,” Jakob says with a clap of his hands. After a warm farewell to the room, I follow him out of the tavern and back to the main road. 
I pull my collar over my tattoo, lower my gaze and follow him down the path littered with unsuspecting villagers. He goes toward the other end of town, past the buildings at the end of the street, and stops on top of a slope that leads down to the dock and ships.
Just to the right of the path stands what used to be a stone statue of two people looking out over the ocean. The top halves of their bodies were crudely torn from the statue’s base. Now all that’s left is the bottom of a woman’s gown and a pair of men’s boots.
“This is where your parents launched the ships,” Jakob explains. “We built this statue of them out of gratitude for their leadership. Fallen soldiers destroyed most of it just days after they killed your parents. I wanted you to know that they were appreciated. They still are.”
I stare at the jagged edges of the sculpture where my mother’s legs should be. “You were right,” I say before looking up at him. “I’m glad I’m seeing this. Thank you for showing me.”
“Of course. I’ll give you a moment alone.”
He leaves my side and retreats. I reach forward and touch the stone, wishing it were whole. I’d give anything to see their faces again. To tell them that I’m doing my best. That I seem to be thinking less about killing their murderers and more about the people in their kingdom. Would they tell me that that’s a good thing? That it’s a step towards the forgiveness Rhoda wants me to bestow? Or is it a sign that I’m letting them slip away?
Footsteps grow louder behind me. “I’m coming,” I say, dropping my hand from the cold stone.
“Don’t let us hurry you,” says a familiar voice.
I turn around to see Hendrick standing behind me, looking at the broken statue. Rehya watches us from a dozen feet away.
“Where’s Jakob?” I ask.
“I told him we would escort you back,” Hendrick says. “I said we had important business to discuss with you.”
“Ah, I see.” I look Rehya behind him. “When you whispered to Hendrick in the tavern, you were saying you would follow me.” 
She shrugs apologetically and I throw Hendrick a look that’s somewhere between amusement and annoyance. 
I turn around and eye the jagged edges of the rock. The three of us remain quiet for a few minutes. I’m the first to break the silence. “It was my fault. Their dying, I mean.”
“You were just a girl,” Rehya says, walking forward to stand on my other side.
I shake my head but don’t reply.
“What happened, Adira?” Hendrick asks quietly. “What happened that day?”
I look between them, struck by the concern in their eyes. The curiosity. The grief.
Rhoda and Aden are the only people who know the gritty details of that day. But Hendrick is a piece of my past too. And Rehya has suffered by the hands of the Fallen, that much I can tell. They deserve to know what happened to their king and queen.
“You don’t have to talk about it,” says Hendrick quickly. “I’m sorry for asking.”
“No, it’s alright. You should know.”
I go inside my head and find them. The memories. The sounds and smells and images. I remember them well, as if it all happened just recently. 
“It was my tenth birthday…”

Twenty-one   |   What Happened That Day
It was a day I had been looking forward to for weeks. There was going to be a party at the castle that evening with a giant cake. Our cook had given me a lick of the lemon frosting as a treat.
It was also the day of the negotiation. My parents were to attend the last in a series of debates with the leader of the land tenants—with Orjak. But I wanted to see the seabirds so I asked them to take me to the beach instead. I selfishly pestered them until they agreed. They promised me they wouldn’t attend the negotiations and would send their advisors instead. So we boarded our carriage and began traveling to the Pepolah Ocean.
I was sitting on the velvet seat between my parents. A warm fur pelt was draped across our laps. We always sat squished like this even though there was a large seat across from us left empty. My father and I were playing a game where we spied colors and then guessed the object the other was looking at. On my other side was my mother finishing the embroidered handkerchief that was to be one of my birthday gifts.
We were rounding a bend when my father pointed out Haed Forest to our right. Something had just moved between the trees but I couldn’t make it out.
Adira, my love, listen to me, my father said. That forest is vast and full of treacherous things. Delve into its depths and you may never see the light of day again. Should you find yourself inside, follow the salty air. It will lead you to the ocean and you can find your way home.
Then my mother screamed as an arrow flew through the open window and into her neck. 
The thing moving between the trees had been a man with a bow. I saw him load his weapon again and point it towards our carriage, which had skidded to a halt.
I pulled my mother’s convulsing body away from the window and put my hands to her neck to stop the blood that was cascading down her front, turning her white dress a rusty scarlet. I cried aloud and turned to my father for help. He reached out and looked at me with eyes not full of fear or shock, but love and farewell. It was as if he’d been expecting something like this to happen.
I moved my bloody hands to grasp his but was pulled from my seat through the window by iron-strong arms and thrown to the ground. My father was dragged from the carriage after me and I watched him fall next to the bodies of our guards that were lying still on the frozen dirt.
My father’s sword flew out of his hand and landed next to me. I began reaching for it but then someone kicked me in the stomach. My father struggled against the men holding him down as one of the soldiers picked up the sword. 
I closed my eyes as tight as I could because I knew there were too many of them. I heard the final blow, his final breath. Then I was kicked in the head and stomach again and again until I couldn’t see or hear anything at all.
I woke up to the sound of a fire in a nearby hearth. 
It was casting shadows that danced on the ceiling above me. I turned my head and saw an old woman and young boy eating tiny scraps of bread at a crooked table. When the woman saw that I was awake she hurried to my side and took my hand in hers. She didn’t speak right away. She was waiting for my tears to fall but those would come later, once I finally accepted that it hadn’t been a dream.
“Adira, can you hear me?” 
I nodded, withdrew my hand from hers and pulled the blanket closer. “Who are you?” I asked in a gravelly voice.
“My name is Rhoda, love. This is Aden, my grandson. You have nothing to fear. You’re in our cottage in Haed Forest, far from the Fallen. You’re safe now.”
“How long?”
“How long what, child?”
“How long have I been here?” 
How long had my parents been dead? How long had I been breathing when they hadn’t?
“Three days,” Rhoda replied quietly. “You were quite injured, my dear. You’ve been asleep for a long time, only waking long enough for us to pour soup in your mouth. Your body has been healing.”
“How did you find me?”
At this the boy stepped forward to answer for his grandmother. His shaggy brown hair was grown past his ears and his dark skin looked rough and dirty. The shadow of a scar on his cheek was prominent in the firelight. 
“I was in the forest gathering wood for a fire,” he said, looking at my eyes and not the wounds on my face. “I heard footsteps approaching so I climbed a tree, fearing the Fallen soldiers who are searching the land for boys to join their army. From high up on my branch, I heard them mention how they ambushed a carriage on the road nearby. I ran back to my grandmother to tell her the news and we set out to search for valuables left behind.”
They found me at the bloody scene, my pulse getting weaker every second. Rhoda took my father’s sword the assassins left sticking out of his heart, as well as the stitched handkerchief clasped in my mother’s hand. Everything else had been stolen by the Fallen. Rhoda and Aden carried me back to their cottage inside the forest.
With their story finished, Rhoda gently set these treasures on my lap. I took them in my hands and understood that they were all I had left of my parents. I ran my finger along the cold blade of the sword and unobtrusive rubies encrusted in its hilt. 
Holding that weapon shifted something in me. It awoke my body and ignited a burning desire for revenge. I knew I would use my father’s sword to kill his murderers. And the blade would taste blood once more.
“A month later I picked it up and started practicing,” I tell Hendrick and Rehya, bringing my mind back to the present. “I haven’t put it down since.”
Hendrick’s eyes remain on my face for a long time. Finally they look out over the ocean. “I’m sorry you had to lose them that way. It isn’t right. It isn’t fair.”
“I have no one to blame but myself,” I say softly. “If I hadn’t forced them to take me to the shore, they would’ve attended the negotiations and perhaps mended things with the Fallen.”
Rehya shakes her head. “You feel responsible for something you couldn’t control, Adira. From what we know of the Fallen, don’t you think they would have found another reason and another time to kill your family? Orjak wanted to rule. He was always going to want that power.”
I let her words wash over me. In all the hours I spent replaying those final days in my head, I’d never considered that before. And she’s right. The Fallen would have never been satisfied with my parents’ help.
“I was always going to lose them, wasn’t I?”
Hendrick shakes his head. “Or maybe you were always going to end up here at the Redemption, in a life that would force you to be stronger. A life where you would have something to fight for.”
I stare at the sky where a flock of seabirds can be seen soaring. “I was forced to grow up. We all were. And there must be a reason for that.” I remain quiet for a minute before turning to look at them. “I have ideas for this realm. I want to return it to the kingdom my parents built. But I’ll need your help to do that.”
Rehya puts her fist to her chest. Hendrick nods with a set jaw and bright eyes.
“We’re yours to command.”
 
§     §     §

People come.
I didn’t know word could travel so quickly between villages. Every hour brings men and women from near and far. Some arrive on horses, others with nothing but the clothes on their backs. And the hope grows. You can sense it in the air. It settles on your skin, sinks in and spreads through your body like a warm drink on a cold night.
It isn’t long before we run out of extra space. The barracks are filled to the brim so tents are erected on the training ground. There are so many people turning up that Trentia had to be stationed at the front gates to more quickly inspect the groups crossing through it.
I try to meet every one of the recruits but Deidre keeps me busy with plans for my coronation. It’s being held in the abandoned ballroom of the castle. Attendants have polished the lamps and the shined the marble floor, uncovering an ancient elegance where ghosts of time past can be felt gracing the dance floor.
“It won’t be as grand as your intended coronation,” Deidre said, inspecting the room. “There will be far fewer people and you won’t receive gifts.”
“I don’t want anything, Deidre,” I replied. “I just want this war to be over.”
Besides, a few days after returning from Namel I was woken up by the greatest gift I ever could’ve imagined.
“Time to face the day, child.”
I opened my eyes to Rhoda. 
Tears fell at the sight of her. I don’t know how long she held me in her arms, rocking me back and forth. “How did you get here?” I asked when we finally let go of each other.
“The General sent for me. Mind you, it took a while for her soldiers to find me. Yana and Tucker told the village that we had moved to another town in the east while they kept me hidden in their home. Somehow Tucker got word that the Redemption was looking for me and the rest, as they say, is history.”
“I’m so sorry,” I breathe. “You were in such danger. I should have thought—”
“You have quite enough to be thinking about.”
I frowned weakly and looked down at my hands. “Can I do this, Rhoda?”
She lifted my chin. “Not only can you do this. You were born to do this. I’ve known it for ten years.”
But rather than encourage me, her words brought to mind what Aden said in the fog that night. 
I always believed you were meant for more. I suppose I was right.
“I’ll ask someone to retrieve Aden for you,” I said, helping her rise.
“I don’t want to distract him from his preparations,” she replied. “Though it would be nice to have both of you in my sight again…what is it, dear?”
I had begun walking to the door. At her words I turned around and kept my eyes on the ground. “Aden doesn’t want to see me. I’m afraid he’s chosen to go into this war alone.”
“I don’t understand.”
“We’ve said our goodbye.”
Rhoda moved forward to grab my hand. “There is no goodbye when it comes to you two. It simply won’t happen.” 
I nodded slightly. “He’s struggling to accept who his father is.” 
Rhoda grew silent and sat down on the bed. “He knows, then?” 
I went to her side. “He knows.”
She sighed and looked over at me. “I know I must seem cruel to have kept this secret. But I was only trying to protect him. You see, the downfall of youth is that you allow your identity to reflect the identity of others. And I worried that if Aden knew who his father is, then he would fear that there are similarities between them—that evil is a disease passed down from father to son.” 
I took her shaking hand in mine and listened to her broken breathing.
“And I suppose,” she finished quietly, “I was ashamed to claim Orjak as my son.”
I turned to her and wiped a tear from her cheek. “Promise me you’ll never feel ashamed of anything, Rhoda. You saved Aden. You saved us both. We are here because of you. We are strong because of you. We have each other because of you.” 

§     §     § 

With Rhoda close by I began to live with a renewed sense of determination. It felt much like the fortitude that got me up and training every morning in Haed Forest. I immersed myself in my plans for Magdiel following the war. I spent every night in front of the fire with Hendrick and Rehya discussing strategies for rebuilding destroyed villages, reestablishing transportation between towns, and helping the people overcome the aftermath of the Fallen’s rule.
I quickly learned that Hendrick cares more deeply about things than anyone I’ve ever known. He demands that every decision require a deep discussion. This irritates Rehya to no end. She urges him to look at the bigger effects of our actions—the way they’ll change the lives of the people. Whispered fighting usually follows but the bickering always ends with glances in the other’s direction to make sure they aren’t really angry.
I’m unsure what I did to deserve these two friends. Especially now when I need them most. Surely I couldn’t withstand Deidre’s expectant stare without them by my side. But seeing Hendrick and Rehya together reminds me of what I don’t have anymore. 
My best friend is gone and I don’t know why. 
The pain of his absence feels like a shadow. It follows me wherever I walk. In the light, in the dark. It’s always here. But the anger I feel towards him always wells up before I can break down and go looking for him. I don’t say anything to Rhoda about Aden because her eyes are too knowing. She understands too well. So I thoughtfully avoided his name as she sat weaving my hair into an intricate wreath one morning.
“I figured out who would be perfect for helping me establish the village homes for orphans once the war is over,” I said.
“Who is that, love?”
“Yana. She has always wanted to be a mother. She would be perfect choice to care for all the children.”
“I’ve never heard such a wonderful idea,” Rhoda agreed.
Three days have passed since then and Yana’s reply to my letter has finally arrived. I rip it open and my eyes fly across the parchment. 
I feel the smile fade from my face. Glad though she is to help me with the homes, Yana’s other news shakes me to my core. I take the letter directly to Deidre.
“The Fallen are terrorizing the villages more cruelly than ever before,” I say, pacing in front of her as she reads the letter. “They’re setting fires to buildings without reason. They’re killing anyone who admits to having even seen me, Deidre. What are we to do?”
She puts Yana’s letter on the table in front of her. “The Fallen must have finally accepted that you’re alive. Our recruiters have reported seeing the Fallen cause more trouble across the realm. They’re bound to declare war any day now.”
“Do we deploy soldiers to stop them in the meantime?”
“There are no stations to send them to,” Deidre says. “Most of our deployed captains and soldiers are returning to Headquarters to attend your coronation tomorrow and the strategy council that will follow.”
“Then we should be the first to declare war,” I say firmly. “Come tomorrow I will be Queen of Magdiel. I want to declare the moment the crown is on my head.”
Deidre stares at me for a while. “I think you’re right,” she nods finally. “We’ll make final preparations after the coronation ball. The troops can set out the following day.”
I thank her and have just turned to leave when something shining in the corner of the room makes me pause. It’s a long gold gown embroidered with tiny crystals that throw the firelight on the walls. The neckline is low, the sleeves long. I find myself in front of it, sighing as I stare at the swirling design of the thread. 
I’ve seen this dress before. It was the one my mother wore when her portrait was painted after my father was crowned king. The portrait hung in our throne room. I used to stand and stare at it, hoping one day I’d be half as beautiful.
“Your coronation dress,” Deidre says behind me.
“Where—I mean, how—?”
“There is a secret place in Magdiel where your parents kept their most precious treasures,” she says. “The crowns, the jewels. This dress.”
I turn to face her. “A secret place? How do you know of it?”
She hesitates before answering. “I wanted to wait until the right moment to tell you. I wanted to be sure you were ready. That you were really going to do this.”
I nod and gesture for her to go on.
She guides me to a seat in front of the fire. “Not long before your tenth birthday, your mother pulled me aside from my duties,” Deidre begins. “She told me that she and the king foresaw death in their future. The Fallen’s threats were becoming all too real despite the negotiations they were holding. The monarch’s advisors were being killed in mysterious ways, and your mother believed it was only a matter of time before the Fallen got to her and the king. But she said, with tears in her eyes, that she wouldn’t let them get to you.
“If anything happened to her or the king, she asked that I gather any supporters that may still be alive and form an army to resist the Fallen. She told me that this castle would be a good place to establish it. She told me where weapons were kept, where their most valuable possessions and a store of gold were hidden, and that you were to be the one to lead the cause.
“When I learned that you died with your parents on the road, I lost all hope in your mother’s plan to begin this resistance. Then it was discovered that your body had disappeared. Everyone assumed a passerby took it to bury you properly before coming back for your parents’ bodies. But there was still a small chance that you were alive. So when Hendrick and I came across others who wanted to form an army, I decided to build it like your mother and father had planned.”
I breathe deeply for a few moments before whispering, “They knew they were going to die?” 
“I think they did.”
I look back at the coronation gown. “They must have been so frightened all the time but I never suspected a thing.”
“I imagine they were more frightened you would discover the danger they were in.  They worried little about the prospect of their own deaths.”
My parents knew I would live. They saw me leading an army. Defeating Orjak. Saving their kingdom. And all this time they were beckoning to me from this Headquarters. Come home, they called, their voices traveling with the wind. Not to seek revenge, but because this is where you belong. Come home.  
I look at Deidre and shake my head. “I didn’t deserve them.”
She smiles a little. “They would have said the same about you.”

Twenty-two   |   Do You Swear
I wake up on the day that was always coming. The day providence always had planned for me.
I look up at the ceiling and watch it grow lighter as the sun outside the window rises behind the snowless sky. There won’t be a waking bell for the soldiers today. They won’t be training. They’ll be packing their things and getting their assignments.
I lie still until early morning turns into late morning. Eventually Hera shuffles in with a tray of food and beckons me over so that she can reshape my hair. She hums happily behind me and then moves in front of me to put rouge on my cheeks and stain on my lips. I shake myself from my stupor and speak for the first time all morning. “Will you come today, Hera?”
“I wouldn’t miss it.” She kisses the top of my head. “Let’s get you into this dress.”
She stands back a few minutes later, urging me to peer in the looking glass. Certain that I won’t look as graceful in mother’s gown as she once did but not wanting to hurt Hera’s feelings, I smile and lift the mirror.
The woman I see in the glass looks quizzically back at me. She reaches up to touch the tiny flowers that adorn her hair. How did these flowers bloom in this dreary season? How can they be the same silver color as the crystals on the dress? Her cheeks seem to shimmer even in the low light, and her lips are painted as red as a thorny rose. She has hazel eyes and full cheeks, the same ones she saw in Haed Forest all those days ago.
Hera tells me that someone will retrieve me when the time comes and then she leaves me alone to wait. I wander to the window and look down upon the thousands of soldiers getting ready to depart for war. I was supposed to be among them.
I jump when there’s a knock behind me. I turn to find Hendrick smiling in my doorway.
“Even as a boy I knew you were going to make a beautiful queen.”
“Thank you,” I smile, taking the arm he’s holding out to me. “When we were young we used to pretend we were attending a coronation, didn’t we?”
“I remember that,” he nods as we begin down the corridor. “I was both the king and your dance partner.”
“You were an excellent escort,” I laugh.
His expression grows serious. “But I’m not sure it’s me you want escorting you anymore.”
My stomach does a turn. I look forward. “Is he coming?”
“He is.”
Suddenly I’m not taking much notice of the attendants rushing past us down the corridor or the way Hendrick has to pull me forward to keep me walking towards the ballroom.
“Everyone has a reason for the things they do, Adira,” he says a moment later.
Something in his tone makes me halt. “Reason?”
Hendrick stops walking and lowers his voice. “All I’m saying is there could be things you don’t know. Things you don’t see.”
I start to ask him to explain but am cut off by a booming voice saying, “Ah, I’ve found you.” It’s Wilmur and he’s bounding down the corridor. “The General is looking for you both.” 
I swallow my questions and silently accompany Hendrick and Wilmur down the staircase to the opposite side of the castle. I can hear dozens of voices echoing off the foyer walls and traveling down the hallway. Deidre turns the corner up ahead and sees us. 
She rushes forward, speaking quickly. “There you are. Unfortunately the deployed soldiers and captains haven’t returned yet. They should arrive sometime during the ball. Not that we have the space for them anyway. I didn’t know so many supporting nobles and village leaders would come.”
The din of voices from the foyer fades from the corridor and moves into the ballroom on the other side of the wall.
“It’s time,” says Deidre. “Please wait here until the doors open for you.”
I nod.
Deidre goes through the door and Wilmur follows her. I force myself to let go of Hendrick’s arm—the only thing keeping me from running—and return his encouraging smile with my own uncertain one. “Rehya and I will be right beside you,” he says. Then he retreats behind the wood and I’m left to make sense of the thoughts in my head.
But I don’t even have time to translate them. Two uniformed soldiers are already opening the doors before me. I’m suddenly looking out upon two hundred captains, nobles, attendants and soldiers. I step through the doorway into a room that seems to be holding its breath.
Deidre, Hendrick, and Wilmur are on my left, and to my right stands a very old man with a head of white hair and a bent back. He’s wearing a robe the same gold color as my gown but he has maroon sash slung around his neck. In his hand sits a pillow, and on that pillow sits a crown. The crown I thought was destroyed or stolen within a day of its owner’s death.
I remind myself to keep inhaling as I follow his pointing finger to a chair with a high back and velvet seat. My eyes leave my mother’s crown and search for Rhoda. I find her near the front sitting next to Rehya, but my attention quickly goes to the person on Rhoda’s other side. Aden is watching me with eyes full of something I’ve never seen in them before. There’s an innocence in the way they take in my gowned body.
The old man clears his throat and I turn to face him again.
“Adira, daughter of King Jerik and Queen Milah.” His voice is shallow and broken with age. I nod slightly at his pause and he continues. “The crown of the realm, kept hidden for over ten years, has been brought forth for you as a symbol of responsibility and sacrifice.”
I continue to watch him as he recites a story about our realm’s virtues. Its value. I commit the words to memory. My parents heard the same ones, probably from the same man. I bet he looked at them the way he’s looking at me. With old, wise eyes.
“As Queen of Magdiel, do you swear to ensure the bravery, conviction and care required of a monarch?”
“I do.”
“Do you swear to put the needs of Magdiel before your own and offer your life for her protection and survival?”
“I do.”
“And do you swear to demonstrate righteousness to its people and bring forth justice against those who challenge honesty, integrity and morality?”
“I do.”
“Then it is through my authority, with the blessing of your people in the form of prayer, that I crown you Queen of Magdiel.”
At once the room of people in front of me start to sing a beautiful song in the ancient tongue. The female attendants have tears in their eyes. The captains are saluting. And my heart grows at the sight of it all.
Their prayer ends and as the last note hangs in the air, the old man reaches forward with the crown. I hold my breath, lean forward and bow my head.
BOOM!
The ground shakes and the crown falls to the ground. 
The silence that follows the deafening noise is nearly as loud. The crowd looks around nervously but no words are uttered. Then, quietly at first, the sound of bells and shouts can be heard from outside the castle.
“No,” Deidre says from my left. “It can’t be.”
BOOM!
I stand, crownless, and watch as the room erupts into chaos.
“The Fallen!”
“How—?”
“Attack!”
“General?”
The captains are pulling their swords and running from the room. The attendants are screaming and looking in every direction for some kind of instruction. But all I can focus on is getting Rhoda to safety. I search for her and see Aden leading her towards me. I step over the crown on the floor and run to them.
“I have to go,” Aden says quickly.
“I know—I’ll take Rhoda.”
“Stay with her and don’t come out. They’ll be looking for you too.”
“They’ll be—?”
“Stay there,” he pleads urgently.
I mean to reply. I hear the words in my mind but they don’t come out. The moment stretches as I keep my hand from reaching out to the boy whose thoughts were always locked away so securely. I didn’t fight hard enough to discover them. “Aden, you’ll come back, won’t you?”
He pulls me forward and puts his forehead to mine. I close my eyes and will time to stop. We stand silently until he whispers, “For you I will.”
Everything in the room seems to fade away. The noise, the people. They’re gone. Then he grabs my hand and puts his sling in it.
“Aden, no—”
“Please, Shiloh.”
I look down at the weapon and the symbol carved in the hilt. I know he won’t take it back. Because this is his way of protecting me. Of being nearby even when he’s somewhere else fighting for his life. I tighten my hold on the hilt and meet his eyes.
He breathes a sigh of relief before kissing his grandmother’s head, whispering, “I love you,” and running from the room.
It happens the moment I lose sight of him.
I don’t know if it was the distance between us the past few weeks that forced me to see it. I don’t know if it’s because war has finally descended and he could be taken from me at any moment. And I don’t know if it’s because he’s the last thing I think about every night and the first person I wish to see in the morning.
I just know that I want him desperately. I want the promise of his presence—his body always touching mine, even in the smallest way. I want to look in his oaken eyes and know that he feels the same way about me. 
More than anything. I want him more than anything. 
I let my hand slip through Rhoda’s and go to follow him, controlled by something outside of my head. Something I’ve never let interfere because it’s influence was too dangerous. 
My heart is leading me now.
Thwarted and pushed aside, my mind reacts. It betrays me. It makes me falter and come to a stop in the middle of the chaos, and reminds me that Aden might not want me back. As well as I know him and as much as I want him to, he might not love me. I thought perhaps he did, but in the heat of the chaos I can’t remember what made me think such a thing.
So I back up a few paces as the sound of a panicking crowd grows louder in my ears. I remember that Rhoda must be taken to safety. With a jerk of my head, as though waking from a dream, I turn around and run back to her.  
Deidre’s voice rings out above the noise. “Attention, please! We are being attacked by Fallen forces. They have not declared war. This is an act of unannounced aggression. A battle has begun.” She raises her voice to be heard above the shouts. “If you are a soldier or captain, join your assigned ranks and meet our attackers. Everyone else, follow me to the dungeons for safety.”
“That’s where I’m taking you, Rhoda,” I say hurriedly, pulling her towards Deidre.
“Shiloh, go get your sword,” Rhoda says, resisting my tug. “I can find my way to the dungeon. Go and do what you must do.”
I pause and look up. Deidre is ushering a few dozen attendants through the door and Rehya is gathering the terrified nobles. Hendrick is pulling his sword from his hip and shouting orders to the captains.
I look at Rhoda again, who’s returning my stare with her own defiant one.
“I won’t be long,” I assure her.
She pulls me into a hug and then pushes me away. “Hurry!”
I leave her in Deidre’s care and run into the foyer where people are streaming into the dungeons and down the corridors. There’s no protocol for this. The Fallen was supposed to declare war before attacking. That’s the way it’s done. But they’re not conventional adversaries and we should have seen this coming.
I stumble my way to my room and trip on my gown. I begin to claw at it, knowing that I must get it off me before I start wielding my sword. I crash into my chamber and pull it off before being distracted by the dark gray sky through my window. Is it day or night? I can’t tell. All I know is that there’s an orange light soaring through the sky, catapulted from a black shape sitting on top of the sea.
I stumble backwards as the fireball hits the fortress fence and sends me falling to the ground. A weapon of such destruction could only have been made with magic, which means the Fallen has citizens of Ocran on their side. This strikes more fear into my heart than anything else, including the shaking floor that’s vibrating from the fireball’s impact. I don’t have to look outside to know that it blasted through a large portion of the castle’s stone wall.
I get to my feet and grab my sword. There isn’t time to find clothes so I cut my underdress above my knees and rip the fabric. I strap my belt over the short dress and snatch my breastplate, helmet and all the armor my hands can carry before running from my room to the foyer.
I know Aden told me to go to the dungeon but the sound of clashing swords through the castle’s front doors draws me closer to the fighting. I wrench them open and the sight of a full-blown battle meets my eyes. Dueling Fallen and Redemption soldiers fill the carriageway and path that spirals down to the front gates.
Dozens of bodies are already lying immobile on the ground. When I look out at the ocean I see two more giant ships approaching on either side of the tombolo. They must hold hundreds more of the enemy.
I abandon all thought of safety in the dungeon and run to the nearest Fallen soldier. He sees me coming and roars, but it’s too late. My sword has already sunken into his chest.
A familiar rumbling comes from nearby. “Come and get me, then!” Wilmur shouts to his two opponents.
I break into a run to help him. I’m almost there when he stabs one of the soldiers with a triumphant yell. Then he looks down to see the opposing soldier’s sword lodged in his stomach.
“NO!” I reach the other Fallen soldier who’s still standing and cut him down from behind. I kneel over Wilmur’s shaking body, his blood covering my knees, and whisper words of comfort that I know won’t do any good. He puts his arm over his captain’s badge. “Lead…them.”
“I will,” I whisper. “I promise.”
“Take.” He points to the badge. I detach it with shaking hands and when I look at his eyes again, they’re staring at me blankly. His body has stopped moving.
I’m forced to look away when I see another Fallen running at me from the corner of my eye. With a yell I launch myself from the ground and strike an upward jab. He drops.
I look up to watch my army fighting with everything they have. But it’s not enough. Streams of Fallen are climbing through the holes blown through the fortress’ surrounding walls. Our archers stationed on the ledges above can’t distinguish the Fallen among the mob of fighting bodies. Unwilling to kill our own outnumbered men, they wait to fire, leaving the swordsman to do the work in the meantime.
I take on the first Fallen soldier standing in my way. He’s too eager and leaves his entire left side unprotected. I block his first swing and kick him in the stomach. As he stumbles backwards, I spin to my left and drive my blade through the opening in his armor on his side.
I duck under the next enemy’s jab and roll sideways before getting to my feet. I wave him closer and he bounds forward. We exchange swings and this time I worry I won’t be able to get the better of him. Surprise will have to be my weapon.
I bring my sword down in front of me and hit the ground at his feet. He cocks his arm to slice my throat and I use this split second to hook my arm around his neck and jump on his back. He reaches up to pull me down but I already have Aden’s sling wrapped around his throat. I fall backwards and he follows me, his windpipe crushing as we hit the ground. I stand but he doesn’t stir.
Neither does Tudry, who’s lying just ten feet away.
 
§     §     §

How many hours have I been fighting? I don’t know. It seems like five but could just as easily been one. All I know is that the Fallen never stop coming. I hear their shouts down on the shore and know I must go there to cut them off. With one last exhausted blow I take down my current adversary and run across the carriageway toward the front gates.
Two Fallen soldiers block my path. I pick up a rock and load it in the sling as they heave their heavy bodies up the slope. The stone hits one and he falls, but the other is close now and he’s twice my size. I take a step back and prepare to take him on when someone with bushy gray hair shrieks and runs past me, violently waving her sword in front of her. She swings at the soldier’s legs and knocks him off his feet before driving the blade into his throat.
“Trentia!” I shout. “Get in the castle!”
“You’re forgetting, girl,” she yells with a maniacal grin. “I can See their every move before they carry it out! Now come on!”
I run behind her and the two of us strike down every Fallen until we pass under the main gate. 
Fighting soldiers span the shore and tombolo. The sound of grunts and falling bodies never ceases, but there’s something else I hear too. It’s a low hum coming from the distance.
I look up from the rows of dead bodies and peer at the Pepolah shore on the other side of the tombolo. A horde is moving down the beach towards the castle, and within seconds the dark huddle is close enough to make out. Galloping horses lead a sizeable troop of Redemption soldiers sprinting across the sand. The hum grows louder, turning into ferocious shouts of rage the closer they come.
I cry out in relief and scream out over the scene of battle. “They’ve returned! The deployed soldiers are here!”
With a fresh wave of energy I continue fighting until I hear the returning soldiers running near, across, behind and in front of me. They weave through the throngs and cut down every blindsided Fallen before splitting and running on either side of the island towards the unseen training ground behind the castle. I haven’t imagined the scene back there because that’s where Aden, Hendrick and Rehya are fighting. But with the front now fortified, I know that’s where I’m needed next.
I run over slayed bodies, skirt the castle wall and skid to a halt when I see a massive Fallen soldier in my way. He has just stricken down one of my men. 
I take him on from behind but he’s much faster than I was expecting. I’ve given him all the strikes I know but he’s still managed to back me up against the stone wall. My panicked mind searches for a way out but I can’t find one. My arm is tired. So very tired.
I’ve just positioned my sword in front of my heart in one last effort to block his stab when the sound of a horn can be heard above the battle. My attacker pauses for a moment, giving me the opportunity to kick him in the gut and send him backwards. When the horn is blown again the soldier drops his arm and runs backwards through the tall grass and down to the shore. He’s following the streams of Fallen fighters, who are fleeing to the ships wading in the sea.
I get to my knees and feel around for a stone. Finding one, I load it in the sling and squint through the darkness and rubble dust. I locate his retreating body, start swinging the weapon and release. The rock soars. The soldier goes down.
And then I cry. In my torn dress and with bloody knees, I cry. 
My warriors’ deafening cheer of victory rouses me to quickly wipe away the evidence and stand. I join the group running along the castle wall to the training ground. They part when they see me, allowing me to go in front.
A gasp escapes my mouth when the training ground finally comes into view. I see dead bodies everywhere I look. Piles of them. Some dismembered, others white and bloodless. An equal number Fallen and Redemption.
A body moves feebly at my feet and I drop down to find his wound. He was stabbed in the side. I apply pressure and with a forced calmness tell him that he’ll be okay. I look up and yell to the other soldiers, instructing them to move all of the wounded soldiers to the tents at the base of the slope leading to the back gate.
One by one we remove the bodies from the blood-soaked training grounds. It grows so dark that soldiers have to stand holding torches, lighting the way to the tents where perhaps we might save someone’s life.
I expect to see Aden or Hendrick or Rehya every time I approach a motionless body, but their faces never come. Hope forms at the bottom of my heart but I refuse to let it rise. The higher it climbs, the farther it has to fall.
Three more hours pass before I finally glance towards the castle. Deidre is standing in front of the strategy tent giving orders to captains. I run toward her and call out. She stops speaking when she sees me and closes the distance between us before pulling me into a hug. “Thank goodness,” she breathes.
“Everyone inside—Rhoda, is she—?”
“She’s safe. They’re all safe. The only Fallen to enter the castle were looking for you. They were met by our soldiers and fled. They didn’t think to look for you in battle because they thought you’d be hidden in the castle.”
“So denying my safety and fighting actually saved my life?”
“It seems that way.”
“Did they…did Hendrick and Rehya…?”
“Hendrick is wounded but he’ll survive. Rehya is fine.”
I nod and swallow painfully. “Deidre, where’s Aden?”
She hesitates. 
My chest erupts into flames. 
“What happened?”
She glances at the captains rushing around us and leads me into the strategy tent that’s now held up on one side only. I stand in front of her, numb, and wait for the words. 
I know he’s gone. Her face tells me so. What I don’t understand is how I’m still breathing. I don’t know why my legs are still moving. How could they? Aden is gone.
Her voice reaches my ears as though it’s traveling through a dense fog. “Aden was fighting on the barrack site with his troop,” she says. “An hour into the battle, a captain saw a group of Fallen wrestle Aden to the ground, knock him unconscious and drag him away. It appears the Fallen were not only intending to capture you. Orjak wanted his son returned to him as well.”
A high-pitched ringing trills in my ears as Aden’s words resurface in my mind.
They’ll be looking for you too.
Aden told me this was going to happen when we were being separated in the ballroom. I should’ve listened more closely. I should’ve realized that Orjak knew about Aden. That he wouldn’t allow his son to fight for the opposing side.
The fear gripping my heart tightens its hold as I picture Aden trying to fight all the Fallen on his own, which of course he would try to do. I imagine them dragging him blindfolded back to their base and torturing him when he wakes.
“I’m sorry, Adira,” Deidre says after a minute, “but don’t lose hope. He may not be dead.”
One more image flashes behind my eyes. It’s Aden on his knees, bound and bleeding. Orjak is peering down at his son for the first time in twenty years. A cruel smile spreads across his face and he strikes one blow, killing his traitor son.
I raise my head to look at Deidre. 
“He might as well be.”

Twenty-three   |   The Letter
“Adira, did you hear me?”
“What?”
“Did you hear me?”
I look up from the pile of parchments listing the names of our dead soldiers. Deidre is watching me with tired eyes. We’ve been up for two days straight burying bodies and returning the grounds to habitable living quarters for the survivors. We’re half the size we were before the attack. Most of the wounded didn’t make it. Much of our confidence died with them. 
I take in Deidre’s exhausted face and search my brain for one of her words that might have stuck. I’ve had to put more effort into thinking since the battle. “You were mentioning…the Guardians,” I say finally.
“Yes,” she says, resuming a serious tone. “Our first and only bit of good news has just arrived. The Guardians sent a message requesting our presence on Ergan Peak to discuss the war. They’re angry with the Fallen for attacking us before declaring war and they’re willing to listen to our request for reinforcements from the other realms.”
“Reinforcements,” I say slowly. “There’s a chance we could still win?”
“It’s possible,” she nods, trying to hide her relief.  I understand why. To put stock in the Guardians would be foolish. Even with their help we’re still leagues away from victory. We know the Fallen only sent a portion of its army to battle us. We’re convinced it was a trial attack meant to precede a bigger battle they’re planning.
“When?” I ask breathlessly. “When shall we go to Ergan Peak?”
“As soon as Hendrick is well enough. I wouldn’t have him accompany us but now that Wilmur…” Deidre pauses to clear her throat before going on. “…Hendrick should come in any case. I think it will be a while before the Fallen attacks again. They know we’ll be expecting them.”
“Then I have time, Deidre.”
Silence ensues as she returns my stare. She knows what I’m asking. I’ve been begging her since she told me he was taken. 
“You’re not going to the Fallen Headquarters, Adira,” she says for the dozenth time. 
I sigh angrily. “He could die at any moment, Deidre! I must go! At this point I’m only asking for your blessing as a courtesy.”
Deidre lowers her voice into a menacing growl and takes a step closer, but I’m too desperate to be intimidated. “You are not queen yet, Adira,” she hisses. “That crown did not touch your head. As far as I’m concerned, you are still a sworn soldier of the Redemption and you will do as I command you.”
I resist the urge to yell in her face and instead stride from the room, pulling hard on the door behind me. I step into the frigid corridor that now has a constant cold breeze flowing through it due to the holes blown through the castle walls.
My feet start moving. They lead me past huddles of attendants, up the staircase and down another hallway towards a door. On the other side of it lies someone who barely escaped death. Someone whose wound won’t stop bleeding.
I turn the corner and see Rehya sitting against his door, her shoulders shaking noiselessly. I walk forward and sit beside her. I don’t say anything. I just let my tears fall too. They fall for Hendrick and Aden and Wilmur and Tudry. For all the soldiers I saw die. For the deaths still to come.
We stand an hour later when an attendant comes to check on Hendrick. Rehya wipes her face, moves away from the open door with an embarrassed smile and retreats to her room.
I stay where I am to look through the doorway at my first friend. He’s awake and sitting up. 
“Adira,” he beckons, waving me forward.
I go in and sit on the edge of his bed, taking notice of the fresh bandage lying across his stomach. “How are you feeling?”
“I’ll be fine,” he says dismissively.
“When I heard about you and how serious it was…” I trail off and look up from his wound. “This war won’t stop until it takes everyone I care about.”
He grips my arm. “I’m okay, really.
“Are you well enough to go to Ergan Peak?”
“Ergan Peak…the Guardians?”
I smile at his hopeful face. “They want to discuss the war with us. They might authorize reinforcements from the other realms.”
Hendrick leans back looking pleased. Then he opens his eyes wide as though he’s just remembered an important bit of news. “I have something to give you.” He reaches over to a drawer by his bed and pulls out Aden’s small whittled bear—the one I made so long ago. 
My breath catches as I take the wooden carving in my hand. “Why do you have this?” 
“He wanted me to give it to you once the war began.”
I meet Hendrick’s eyes. “What did Aden tell you? On the day of my coronation, what did you mean about people having reasons for the things they do?”
Hendrick shifts his gaze to stare out the window behind me. I watch him decide whether or not to answer these questions. Finally he looks at me.
“Aden came to me the day after he learned of his father’s identity,” Hendrick begins. “He guessed that we had asked you to lead the Redemption into war and told me to give you time to accept the role. He must have known you would agree in the end. ‘And when she does,’ he said, ‘keep her inside the castle and away from the fighting for as long as you can.’”
“Away from the fighting…” I echo quietly. 
Why would Aden say such a thing? He knew how badly I wanted to fight in the war. Then, slowly at first, the pieces come together in my mind to form a frightening realization. And I understand. “Aden knew they’d be coming for him.” 
Hendrick looks down and nods. 
I try to steady my voice. “How long has Orjak known about him?” 
“We weren’t even sure if he did in the beginning. But just to be safe, Aden wanted us to keep you in our sight in case Orjak knew the connection between the two of you. 
“Then my mother received a letter from Orjak a fortnight ago. In the letter Orjak says his men found a map on the ground of a warlock’s den in Haed Forest—a map with Orjak’s mother’s name inscribed on it. According to him, only one person would have that map besides his aging mother: the son he once knew. 
“With his magical ally dead, Orjak could only guess that his son made it to the Redemption alive. That’s when he began to learn more about the son he abandoned. He sent spies to the place his mother was last known to live. And that’s how he learned about you too, the orphan girl they took in exactly ten years ago.”  
I can feel the fear welling up in my throat as I whisper, “Go on.” 
Hendrick folds his hands and continues. “With both of your identities revealed, but knowing you were here at the Redemption, Orjak then went looking for his mother. She was too well hidden, though, and he couldn’t find her. So he signed his letter with the promise of finding Aden and bringing him home to the Fallen before defeating you and the Redemption for good.” 
I try to steady my body and as my head spins. “Aden knew all this? He read the letter?”
“Of course. We wouldn’t let him enter battle unprepared. We even offered him protection but he insisted on fighting. He said he would rather die in battle than hide from his cowardly father.”
Shame piles on top of every other emotion weighing on my heart. All along I really believed Aden wanted to leave me—that he wasn’t the man I thought I knew. But this story explains everything. 
His relief when he learned I would be staying safely in the castle as queen. 
The battle waging in his eyes when he made his goodbye. 
By saying goodbye, Aden was ensuring that we wouldn’t be together when his father came looking for him during the war. He was just doing what he’s always done for me. 
He was saving my life. 
 “His farewell was so convincing,” I say as I run my finger across the smooth bear in my hands. I feel a sad smile tug at the corners of my lips. “He broke my heart that night.” 
 “He was trying to protect you,” Hendrick says, leaning forward. “Aden said goodbye because he had to, Adira, even though it killed him. Even though it meant being separated from you. And the only thing strong enough to make that kind of sacrifice is love.”

§     §     §
 
“He’ll be well enough in a few day’s time,” says Trentia.
She’s standing in front of the strategy room’s fire to inspect Hendrick’s injury. She applied the last of her herbs from Ocran to his wound just this morning. It began healing immediately.
Hendrick’s shoulders relax at her words and Rehya tenderly guides him into a chair, imploring that he drink some tea and get off his feet.
I breathe a sigh of relief at Trentia’s diagnosis as I continue reading the speech in front of me. Rhoda bends over my arm to read my words. “Your speech for the Guardians?” she asks.
“Yes,” I answer, looking up. “Do you think Windum knows?”
“That I’m the one who raised you?”
I nod.
“Windum knows all, dear,” she says. “And it has always been his downfall.” She pours herself a glass of wine and walks over to stare into the flames in the fireplace.
“Your words at the funeral were very moving, Adira,” Deidre says, breaking the silence.
I glance up at her voice, recalling this afternoon when all of the surviving soldiers prayed in unison to honor our dead. They stood, side by side, saluting the unseen.
I nod gratefully but don’t reply. I haven’t really been able to speak to Deidre since accepting that she won’t let me rescue Aden from the Fallen’s headquarters. But she doesn’t know that I’ve been up every night concocting a plan to rescue him by myself.
Deidre sighs and comes to take Rhoda’s place next to me. “I know you’re upset with me,” she says quietly so that only I will hear her. “You don’t understand right now, but one day you will. You’ll understand that wars involve casualties, Adira.”
“You’re letting him die,” I reply, my voice raw. “That’s what I understand.”
She opens her mouth to argue but closes it again when the door opens on the other side of the room. A breathless captain is holding out a letter, stammering about a messenger at the gates. Deidre takes it from him and rips it open. Her eyes fly across the page and when she looks up, they find me first. I stand slowly and reach out for the letter, knowing without doubt that it’s for me.
Everyone in the room watches as Deidre reluctantly releases the paper into my hand. I hold it up in the light.

Adira,
I thought I defeated you ten years ago but I see now that I underestimated the daughter of King Jerik and Queen Milah. Imagine my even greater surprise when I learned that my mother and son were the source of your survival. I am greatly upset by this, I must confess. 
Nevertheless, my son belongs with me so I rescued him from your foolish cause. It wasn’t long before I realized, however, he would prove far more valuable than I first anticipated. He mutters your name in sleep. He grows quiet angry and violent when I speak of defeating you. I can only assume he means something to you as well.
So my offer is this: you will come to my headquarters in the north, relinquish your intention of being queen and submit to my authority, or I will kill my son. If you comply, I will spare his life. You have one week. Come alone.

I expect I will you soon.

Orjak
 
I raise my head and look at Deidre. 
“I won’t convince you to ignore this, will I?” she asks.
I shake my head, surprised at the ease of this decision. Aden lives if I give myself up? Fine. I’ve come to that conclusion before. I always will. 
I pass the letter to Hendrick’s outstretched hand without breaking my eye contact with Deidre.
“Let’s talk about this, Adira,” she says.
“I’m going.”
“We must discuss—”
“I’m going, Deidre.”
“But the Guardians—”
“Let me go or I refuse to be the Queen of Magdiel.”
Deidre stares at me as though I just slapped her across the face. A moment passes as she searches for a way to keep me here. I can see her mind turning like a carriage wheel. 
I take the opportunity to continue speaking. “You said yourself that the crown didn’t touch my head at the coronation. That means that while you remain my General, you also still need me. Let me save Aden or I’ll refuse to be queen and will fight as a foot soldier.”
“If you give yourself up to Orjak then you’ll die by the hands of the Fallen,” she replies simply. “Either way you won’t be queen.”
“Then I suppose you’ll have to trust that I can escape their headquarters and return for the crown.”
Deidre turns her head slightly and considers this. I don’t know if she really believes I can escape. I’m not even sure I can. But she must come to some conclusion because she finally nods her head. “Fine.”
Rehya stands. “I’ll go with you.”
Hendrick nods. “Me too.”
I turn to them, touched by their offer but convinced that it’s out of the question. “If Orjak gets word that you’ve come with me then he’ll kill all of us the moment we arrive. I won’t risk your lives too.”
Hendrick steps forward. “If you think I’m going to let you put yourself at the mercy of Orjak, then you are gravely mistaken.”
“I won’t let you—”
“He’s going,” Deidre interrupts behind me. “They both are.”
I open my mouth to protest but she raises her hand to silence me. “They’re going,” she repeats, “because you’ll need their help if all four of you are to escape with your lives and journey to Ergan Peak.” She looks at the ground, thinking. “I have a plan.”
“A plan?” 
She nods. “We don’t know the layout of their stronghold so it will take some time to strategize, but I think…yes…it might work. It must be carried out quickly. There’s no time to spare.”
“But Hendrick, his wound—” I say.
“I’m going,” Hendrick says firmly. “I’m sorry but you won’t win this argument.”
He moves forward to help Rehya clear off a table and pull from a stack of maps. I watch open-mouthed as they start discussing the quickest route to the Fallen base.
I reach for Rhoda’s shaking hand as I recover from this sudden turn of events. “We’re going to get him,” I tell her. 
“I know you will.”
At Deidre’s instruction I let go of Rhoda to retrieve blank parchment. I’ve only taken two steps when I halt abruptly and wait. I must be patient or else I’ll lose it. It’s a memory emerging from an alcove in my mind. It’s a faded image of a diagram that sat on the Colonel’s desk in the Fallen fort so many days ago. I close my eyes and make the picture clearer.
Barracks. Armory. Dungeon. Strategy Chamber. Orjak’s Quarters.
The Fallen gave me the key to saving Aden.
I open my eyes to find everyone staring at me, waiting for an explanation. “We should call for more tea,” I say with a small, triumphant smile. “It’s going to be a long night.”


End of Book One

About the Author
Kiera Carpenter is a recent university graduate living near Seattle, Washington. Coffee-enthusiast and aspiring full-time writer, Kiera enjoys spending time with her family and walking along the water of Puget Sound. For the King is her first published novel. 

