Annals of Alasia:
The Collected Interviews
by Annie Douglass Lima
cover art by Valerie Howard
valeriehowardbooks.wordpress.com


Annals of Alasia: The Collected Interviews
Published by Annie Douglass Lima at Smashwords
Copyright 2015 Annie Douglass Lima

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





Acknowledgments
I’m grateful to Valerie Howard for her generosity and expertise in creating the cover. I could never have done it without you! 
I’m thankful for Frank and Carolyn Jordan (Grandpa and Grandma) and Onisha Ellis, who beta read the book and provided helpful feedback. Thank you for all your time and thoughtful suggestions.
Finally, I’d like to thank my fellow authors in the Clean Indie Reads and Iron Sharpening Iron Facebook groups. I appreciate your input and encouragement!





Introduction
I conducted these interviews as a writing exercise to help me develop my characters more fully while I wrote my Annals of Alasia series. I was originally inspired by a character interview I read on the excellent writers’ resource site http://fictionfactor.com, and the set of questions I chose to ask my characters from In the Enemy’s Service are taken from there. The questions for the characters from Prince of Alasia and Prince of Malorn are taken from various writers’ sites around the Web as well as from specific story events.
In the process of creating these interviews, I learned much more about the people who populate the pages of my novels: their likes and dislikes, their secret hopes and fears, their speaking styles and personality quirks. Not only did the project bring my characters more fully to life in my mind and in the pages of the Annals of Alasia, but it was a lot of fun to do! As you read my conversations with these men, women, and children, I hope you will have just as much fun getting to know them as I did.
If you have read any of the Annals of Alasia, you will already be familiar with some of the characters. This collection of interviews will complement the other three books and enrich your understanding of the kingdoms of Alasia and Malorn and the events that take place there.
If you have not read the other books, you will still be able to appreciate this one on its own. I hope the interviews will whet your appetite for the whole series, but even if not, I trust you will still be able to enjoy them for their own sake.
The three books published so far in the Annals of Alasia all deal with events surrounding the same major political incident: the invasion of the kingdom of Alasia by the neighboring kingdom of Malorn. Prince of Alasia begins on the night of the Invasion and describes what happens to twelve-year-old Prince Jaymin after he is forced to flee for his life. In the Enemy’s Service features a young girl and tells the story of those who were not able to escape from the Alasian palace when the enemy invaded. Prince of Malorn begins several months earlier and focuses on the Malornian perspective of the events leading up to the Invasion. In each of the books, main characters from the others make brief appearances and interact with each other at the point where the timeframes and settings overlap. The books can be read in any order, and while they all fill in gaps and answer questions left open in the others, each one can stand on its own.










PRINCE OF ALASIA





About the Story
Twelve-year-old Prince Jaymin, heir to the throne of Alasia, barely escapes with his life when invaders from neighboring Malorn attack. Accompanied by Erik, his young bodyguard and friend, Jaymin flees to a nearby town to live in hiding. There, coming face to face with the hardships suffered by the poor, he determines to improve his people’s lives someday when he takes the throne, assuming he can reclaim his kingdom. 
In his struggle to retain his identity and yet blend in with children in the local school, Jaymin’s life depends on his ability to protect his secret from both enemy troops and unsuspecting townsfolk. Meanwhile, Erik must resort to his skills in unarmed combat to defend Jaymin against everyone from a gang of schoolyard bullies to the Malornian soldiers who regularly patrol the streets looking for trouble – and for the missing prince.
As the search intensifies and his enemies’ suspicions grow, Jaymin seeks desperately for a way to save his kingdom and himself. Then he stumbles upon a startling discovery that will challenge his assumptions and forever change his view of Malorn and of the events that altered his life.





Jaymin
I have arranged to meet Prince Jaymin in a wooded area beside a pond just outside the town of Drall. He is waiting for me with his friend Erik, who stands at the edge of the trees staring about suspiciously. Both boys are dirty and dressed in tattered clothing.
“Did anyone see you coming?” Erik demands as soon as I’m within earshot.
“No; I was careful,” I assure him. “Don’t worry.”
“You didn’t tell anyone whom you were going to meet?”
“Of course not. Now if you’ll excuse us, I’d like to ask Prince Jaymin a few questions.”
The ragged prince steps forward. “You’re welcome to ask what you’d like, but don’t expect Erik to leave. It’s all right, though. I have nothing to tell you that I wouldn’t say in front of him.”
“Very well.” We sit down on a log just within the trees, Erik standing a couple feet away, and I pull out my list of questions.
What do you hope to accomplish, and what stands in your way?
“I hope to be king of Alasia someday, of course. But as you know, the Malornians have taken over my kingdom. With Sir Edmend’s help, I hope to eventually find a way to drive them out and claim my throne. Of course, I never expected to become king for decades yet. Even if I succeed in the other things, I still have to figure out how to be a good king; the kind Alasia needs to help the kingdom recover from the devastation our enemies have caused.”
Describe the view from your bedroom window.
“My bedroom at home?” A sad smile plays over his face as he recalls it. “It’s on the fifth floor, so I have a good view. My window looks out on the palace courtyard. There are always people coming and going during the day, and if I look out at night, I see guards patrolling by lantern light. Beyond the walls I can see part of the city of Almar and the hills beyond. During the summer they’re bright green. Now they’re probably covered in white. The window faces east, so on clear mornings I can watch the sunrise over the hills.” Jaymin wraps his cloak more tightly around himself and sighs. “I didn’t think the view was anything special back when I lived there, but it’s surprising, the things you come to miss. I wonder if I’ll ever see it again.”
Tell me about someone you appreciate.
“I appreciate lots of people. My parents, of course.” His expression is serious. “I miss them very much. I wish I could have told them how much they meant to me before they were killed. And I appreciate Professor Dreytin, my tutor. Talanthus, the palace master-at-arms, who’s trained me in sword fighting every day for years now. I hope they’re still alive. Erik, of course; I would probably have been killed a dozen times over if not for him.” He grins at his friend, who looks uncomfortable, as though he would prefer not to be noticed or appreciated. “And Sir Edmend; we would never have gotten out of the palace on the night of the Invasion without him.”
What makes you angry? 
“Seeing my people mistreated by our enemies, especially now that I’m not in a position to do anything about it.” He scowls.
Finish this sentence: I have never told anyone this before, but….
He hesitates and glances sheepishly at Erik before replying. “I’m often afraid. Afraid that the Malornians will find me here in Drall and kill me as they did my parents. Afraid that Sir Edmend won’t come back. Afraid that the rest of the Alasian army will never turn up because they really were completely wiped out. Afraid that the Malornians will rule Alasia forever. Afraid that something will happen to Erik and then I’ll be completely alone. Afraid that even if I do survive and the Malornians are somehow driven out, I won’t be a good king.”
You and Erik have been renting a room in an old woman’s house here in Drall. How does that compare with your room in the palace?
“How does it compare?” Jaymin and Erik both laugh at the thought. “It doesn’t compare. There are no similarities at all. Ana’s attic is tiny, cold, and bare. It could fit into my bedroom ten times over with room to spare. It has no furniture, no carpets, no fireplace, no real windows, nothing. All there is is one thin blanket for each of us. And of course there are no servants. Just Ana, and she has no idea who I am, so she talks to me as she would to any other boy in Drall. She makes Erik and me do chores, like fetching water from the pump down the street. And her cooking —” 
He breaks off. “I’m sorry; I shouldn’t complain. I’m grateful to have a roof over my head and that I’ve been safe so far.”
What has the experience of attending a real school been like for you?
“That’s been very interesting. It’s a new experience for me, being around so many children my own age. I would like to talk to them more, to get to know them and make friends. But it isn’t worth the risk that I’d accidentally let something slip or that they’d somehow find out who I am. You never know who might someday leak information to the Malornians.” He sighs. “I wish I didn’t have to lie about myself, but I suppose it’s necessary.”
“It is,” puts in Erik from beside him. 
Jaymin nods reluctantly. “I go by the name ‘Jay’ and pretend that I’m no one special, and so far no one has seemed to suspect anything. Still, it’s been eye-opening, seeing how most children in Alasia receive their formal education. It’s not as efficient as learning from a private tutor, but more practical for most. The teacher, Miss Arrin, does her best with the resources she has, and I can tell she truly cares about her students.”
How do you think other people think of you?
“Now? As just another poor boy, I hope. Back before the Invasion, I think a lot of people envied me. Palace personnel might have thought of me as a little spoiled, I suppose, and definitely sheltered. They all saw me as a child. But if and when I go back now, I’ll have to be a man. My childhood is over; it was over the moment the Malornians killed my parents. Alasia needs a strong king, not a little boy on a throne.”
What did you have for breakfast this morning?
“Porridge — lumpy porridge. That’s what Ana makes every morning.”
What's your favorite food? 
He smiles wistfully. “I have lots of favorites. Roast venison with honey glaze comes to mind; the newest palace chef makes that particularly well. I love apricot-stuffed quail, too. But really, any meal from back in the palace would seem delicious at the moment.” He glances at Erik. “We’re always hungry now.”
As prince, what kind of training did you go through in the palace?
“I had lessons with my tutor, Professor Dreytin, every day. Writing, mathematics, history, geography, the sciences, and of course government. For the last couple of years my father has also had me sit in on his Council meetings twice a week — I didn’t participate, but I took notes and discussed them afterward with Father or Professor Dreytin. And I usually accompanied my parents on business trips around the kingdom. Father always talked to me about the political choices he made and why.”
What would you change about yourself if you could?
“I suppose I’d like to be older, wiser, and stronger. Then I’d be better able to stay alive and to find solutions to Alasia’s problems.”
If you do manage to drive the Malornians out and claim your throne, what are some of the first things you will do as king?
Jaymin has obviously put some thought into this already. “Well, I’ll need to take steps to make sure nothing like this ever happens again. I’ll step up security in the palace, see that more soldiers are recruited for the army, and strengthen our defenses at the border. Then I’m going to start improving the lives of Alasians around the kingdom. Now that I’ve experienced what life is like for the poor, I can take steps toward making it better. Schools, for example. I’ve discovered that Alasian schools need more resources, like books, maps, and parchment. And I can see that people in the lower class need more and better-paying job opportunities to be able to afford the basic life necessities that so many of them don’t have enough of. I’ll have to talk to my father’s advisors — well, my advisors, I suppose, now — and start figuring out what kind of opportunities I can make available, considering that many of the lower class don’t have much education.” He smiles. “There are lots of things I can hardly wait to start doing. It will be wonderful to have the power to help so many people.”





Erik
My conversation with Prince Jaymin over, I turn to Erik. “I’d like to ask you some questions now.”
Erik casts a reluctant glance at the prince. “Go ahead,” Jaymin urges him. “What can it hurt?”
“Very well.” Erik folds his arms and leans against a tree. “But I reserve the right not to answer if there’s anything that might jeopardize your safety.” He turns back to me. “Go ahead.”
I pull out the list of questions I’ve prepared for him.
What do you do for a living, and why did you choose this career? Do you like your job? Why or why not?
He seems surprised at such an obvious question. “I’m a bodyguard. It’s not just my career, it’s my life.”
“So do you like it?” I persist.
He looks at me as though my question doesn’t make sense. “Being a bodyguard is who I am. It’s everything.” That is obviously all he has to say on the subject.
How old are you?
“Twelve. At least, that’s what I tell people, but I don’t really know. Jaymin is twelve, and we’ve always assumed we’re about the same age.”
What is the one sentence you would never say?
He considers this. “Go ahead, Jaymin; go off somewhere without me in this town filled with enemy soldiers.” Jaymin laughs.
What's your favorite food? 
“Grapes. I have simple tastes.”
What makes you angry?
“When I can’t do something I should be able to do. Or when I make a mistake and something bad happens because of it.”
What do you hope to accomplish, and what stands in your way?
“I hope to continue to keep Jaymin alive and safe. The Malornian soldiers we encounter every day are a constant threat.”
Tell me about someone you appreciate.
“Talanthus,” Erik says without hesitation. “The palace master-at-arms. He rescued me, he taught me, he gave me purpose in life. He’s the most patient person I know, putting up with me before I knew how to do anything properly, and shaping me from a street urchin into a bodyguard.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you?
Erik scowls, his gaze shifting to the icy gray water of the pond nearby. He is obviously not eager to answer this. 
“On the night of the Invasion,” he begins finally, “I woke up to the sounds of battle in the palace. Sometimes the guards carry out drills, but not usually in the middle of the night, and never without letting people know beforehand. I knew something terrible was happening, but I didn’t know what, and there was no one to tell me what to do.” He shoves his hands into his pockets. “I’ve spent almost all my life training to be Jaymin’s bodyguard, and I know how to defend him in dozens of different ways from dozens of types of dangers. But I had never actually had to do it before. Talanthus wasn’t there to consult, and I knew that I might just be the only person standing between Jaymin and death. I always used to think that it would be exciting to someday get to use my skills for real, but it wasn’t. It was terrifying.”
Tell me about your family. 
“I don’t have one.”
“What happened to them?”
“I don’t know. I don’t remember my parents at all. My earliest memories are of living on the streets of Almar, scavenging for food, fighting other street children for the scraps we found.”
How did you end up as the prince’s bodyguard?
“It came about mostly by chance. Talanthus was riding down the street one afternoon, and he happened to see me fighting three other boys. They were trying to steal a moldy heel of bread I had found in the gutter, and I was defending my meal with all my strength. I was good at fighting, even then; it was the only way I knew to survive. In the end I left two of the thieves groaning in the gutter, and the third ran away. Talanthus saw it all, and he dismounted and came over to talk to me. I didn’t know what he meant when he asked where I lived and who my parents were. Then he asked if I would like proper training, to learn to fight in someone else’s defense; and I didn’t understand that either. But when he asked if I would like food and a warm place to sleep, I understood perfectly. He took me back to his quarters in the palace, found me some proper clothes — my own were rags — and I had a bath and the first full meal I’d ever eaten. That was an amazing experience.” He grins self-consciously. “I had never imagined being able to eat all I wanted in one sitting, and I’m afraid I was a bit of a glutton the first time. The first several times, actually, until I finally started to understand that I would always have enough food from now on. Anyway, the next day Talanthus started my training. Not just teaching me to fight properly, but all the skills necessary for interacting with the upper class. The right ways to sit, stand, talk, eat — skills that are meaningless on the street but mean everything among royalty.” He casts a wry glance at Jaymin, who grins in response.
What is your greatest fear?
He scowls and stares out at the pond again. “That I’ll fail as a bodyguard and Jaymin will be killed.”
How do you think others view you?
“Before the Invasion, I let most people think I was a servant — if they noticed me at all. The palace guards knew I was the prince’s bodyguard, though. Talanthus had me train with them regularly, in addition to the private lessons he gave me, of course. I suppose the guards thought of me as an unusually strong and talented little boy. Now, I assume townsfolk here in Drall see me as just another of the poor children the town is full of.”
What has the experience of attending a real school been like for you?
“School makes me anxious. It’s very different from the private lessons Jaymin and I received in the palace from Professor Dreytin. I don’t like being in new situations where I’m not sure what’s expected. I don’t like standing out. I do like the fact that there aren’t any soldiers there; or at least none have come by yet. But I can’t let myself think that means Jaymin is safe at school. You never know what could happen.”
What do you really want out of life? 
“Purpose. Which I have. I had none as a child on the street, and even at that age, I knew something was missing. At least, I realized it in hindsight, after I had been living in the palace for a while. Talanthus gave me purpose, and as soon as I started training to be a bodyguard, my life had meaning. It’s had meaning ever since.”





Sir Edmend
Sir Edmend and I meet in a tavern in the Alasian capital of Almar. He is already there when I arrive, wearing a long cloak with a hood that leaves his face in shadow. I join him at a table in the corner.
What do you do for a living, and why did you choose this career? Do you like your job? Why or why not?
“I’m a member of King Jaymin’s Council of Advisors. At least, I was, before his Majesty was assassinated.” Sir Edmend’s face grows grim. “It was always a privilege to serve him. Now, I consider it my responsibility to help his son in any way I can.”
Do you prefer cities or the countryside? Warm weather or cold?
“I’m a city dweller, born and bred. Though I enjoy an occasional jaunt into the country, at my age I much prefer the comforts of city life. And these old bones are much more comfortable in warm weather. Unfortunately, this is the coldest winter I remember in over a decade.” He pulls his cloak tighter around his shoulders.
Of what are you proudest?
“I have spent thirty years in service to my kingdom, both to King Jaymin III and to King Jaymin II before him. I hope someday to have the opportunity to serve under King Jaymin IV as well.” His smile fades. “Actually, his Majesty threw a banquet to honor my three decades of service the very evening before the Invasion. That was the last time I saw him alive.” 
I hear you saved Prince Jaymin’s life on the night of the Invasion. How did that come about?
Sir Edmend shrugs modestly. “I was in the right place at the right time. I couldn’t get to sleep that night; I confess I had overindulged at the banquet earlier and was still uncomfortable. I hadn’t drunk any wine, though, which might have helped me sleep. So I put on a coat and stepped out of my room, meaning to walk the palace halls for a bit and perhaps step out for some fresh air. But when I chanced to pass a window overlooking the palace courtyard, I was startled to see the gates open, the drawbridge down, and hundreds of soldiers streaming in. I tried to find a guard; there are supposed to be several of them on duty on each floor of the palace at any given time. But I couldn’t find anyone, and I confess I was starting to panic as I hurried back for my sword. My role as the king’s advisor had never required dealing with life-and-death emergencies, and I wasn’t sure what to do. I could hear shouts and screams behind me as I hurried up to the fifth floor where the royal family sleeps. On the way I finally found one of the guards: a young man brand new to the job who had no idea what was happening and was as panicked as I. The two of us were on our way to wake the royal family, but just around the corner from the king and queen’s suite, we heard voices and the crash of a door being broken in.” He shakes his head. “I have never felt so conflicted. I wonder to this day if we should have kept going, risked everything in a desperate attempt to save their lives. But we could tell there were too many of the enemy. We were too late, but there was still a small chance we could save the prince. So we turned and ran the other way, arriving at Prince Jaymin’s door just in time to lead him to safety before the invaders got to him.” He sighs. “How I wish that I had collected my wits a few moments earlier. I might have been able to warn the king and queen. I will regret that for the rest of my life.”
Why did you leave the prince in Drall and return to Almar yourself?
“I wasn’t originally planning to take him to Drall — or anywhere else in particular, for that matter. I just wanted to get him as far away from Almar as possible. Nowhere in the kingdom is really safe for the poor boy anymore, but I knew the enemy would surely comb the capital for him the moment they realized he’d slipped their clutches in the palace. So I got us all disguises and we fled through the forest within sight of the highway until I saw a wagon come by. Luckily the merchant driving it hadn’t heard what had happened yet, and he was kind enough to give a few travelers a ride in the back without asking too many questions. His first stop was in Drall, and I decided it was as good a place as any for the prince to hide. It’s a small enough town that I assumed the enemy wasn’t likely to station many soldiers there, and chances were none of its residents had ever set eyes on the prince before. Oh, I could have gone on and taken him even further from the capital, but by then I had decided that it wouldn’t do much good to simply hide his Highness away indefinitely with no further plan. I made up my mind to return to Almar myself and find out what exactly was going on. At the time I had no idea what had happened to our military or how many of the king’s supporters had been killed. If I could gather a little more information, I knew I might be able to organize or join a resistance movement and find ways to help Alasia. So I found a room for the prince and his young attendant to rent and left them with an old woman they could pretend was his aunt. I plan to return in a few days to check on him and bring him news of what’s been happening.” 
Finish this sentence: I have never told anyone this before, but….
Sir Edmend sighs. “Don’t tell him I said this, but I have my doubts about young Prince Jaymin’s ability to rule Alasia. I mean, I’m sure he’ll grow into a fine king someday, but he’s only twelve years old, and I’m not certain he’s ready yet for the responsibility and pressure. Yes, he is responsible compared to most children his age, and as his tutor could tell you, he’s quite advanced academically. But he has been sheltered and pampered his whole life, and sometimes he tends to be mischievous. However, tragedy can change a person, and perhaps this experience will make him grow up a little faster and even prepare him for his new role of leadership. Assuming we can drive the Malornians out, of course, and that he survives long enough to rule.” He sighs again. “But of course I will make myself available to him as advisor, should he desire my services. And several other members of his father’s Council of Advisors survived as well. If he is wise enough to keep us on and not simply fill the Council with youngsters, I believe he will benefit from our years of experience.”





Private Dallan
I meet Private Dallan outside the building that serves as barracks for Malornian soldiers in the town of Drall. Although it is his day off, Dallan is dressed in his red and black military uniform and wears a sword at his side. We sit down on a bench near the door.
What do you do for a living, and why did you choose this career? Do you like your job? Why or why not?
“I’m a soldier of Malorn. Of course I like my job! Why wouldn’t I? I always wanted to be part of a powerful army. Everyone admires soldiers or is nervous about them. And now that we’ve successfully conquered Alasia, there’s sure to be promotions all around when we get back home. We’re heroes! What’s not to like?” 
Where were you born?
“In Sazellia, capital of Malorn. Lived there most of my life.”
What makes you angry? 
“Getting in trouble for stuff that ain’t my fault. Like that thing with the boy last week, and losing my sword. It wasn’t fair.” He scowls.
What is your idea of success?
“Defeating an enemy and coming back unhurt. Getting praised in front of others by my commanding officer. And of course that promotion at the end.”
Of what are you proudest?
“Of how our army took over Alasia so successfully with so few casualties on our end. It was truly exciting to be a part of such a thorough victory. The Malornian army really is unbeatable!”
What do you hope to accomplish, and what stands in your way?
“I want a promotion and a raise. Being a private isn’t somewhere you want to stay if you can help it. But the sergeant in charge of my platoon has been angry with me for the past week, so I hope that doesn’t kill my chances.”
What is the one sentence you would never say?
“I dunno.” He considers this. “Maybe, ‘I don’t care that that boy stole my sword.’”
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever done? 
Dallan is instantly defensive. “I’m not a mean person!” Then he considers it further. “Well, I suppose the Alasians probably think everything our army has done here is mean, but that’s just the Alasian perspective, you know?” He chuckles. “You can’t expect a conquered people to understand how it works for a victorious army. I mean, of course we take what we’ve got a right to now. Food from the shops, and that sort of thing. It’s our right! They’re lucky we’ve let most of their people live, so they have nothing to complain about, you know? But still, we hear the Alasians whine about it every day. I mean, a few times when some of us were assigned to look for firewood for our barracks, we took what we needed from people who were gathering it. They ought to have just handed it over and been thankful we didn’t hurt them, you know? But they complained, the ungrateful fools.”
What is your most embarrassing memory? 
He scowls at me as though he suspects I already know and just want to rub it in. “It was about a week ago, one of the times when I’d gone out to gather firewood. A friend from my platoon and I had been assigned to it, and the two of us were out in a little forest by a pond just outside Drall. A couple of children were nice enough to have gathered the wood we needed for us, not that they knew it at the time. So we took it, and we were about to leave when we got attacked.” He scowls again. “He came out of nowhere so fast we hardly knew what was happening. It was horrible.”
“Who?” I prompt. “An enemy warrior?”
“Yes. Well, sort of. Well, yes, he was.” The soldier folds his arms and glares past me, remembering. “Obviously highly trained. He appeared from out of the trees and attacked us both.”
“But I’m sure the two of you together were able to beat him,” I suggest.
“Well — not exactly. I mean, we could have, of course, but he just — well, he took us by surprise, was all. In the end we were forced to relinquish our firewood, and the girls stole it back.”
“Stole it?”
“Well, I assume. Or the fellow who attacked us did.”
“You didn’t see who took it from you?”
“Well, no. You see, we were — that is — well, by the end we, ah, we were unconscious.”
“One man knocked both of you out? Soldiers from Malorn’s unbeatable army? It’s a pity you weren’t armed.”
“We were armed.” He glares at me. “We don’t walk around unarmed in enemy territory; that would be stupid. Of course we had our swords.”
“But his weapon was better?” I press.
“He didn’t actually have a weapon,” the soldier admits. “Though he probably has mine now. The other one ended up in the pond. No; he knew a style of unarmed combat obviously designed to be used against armed opponents.”
“A lone unarmed man disarmed both of you,” I marvel.
“Well, I never said he was a man, exactly. He couldn’t have been more than maybe sixteen years old. No, I suppose he was closer to fourteen. Well, if you must know the truth, he didn’t look any older than twelve.” The soldiers winces in embarrassment. “I’m still not really sure how it happened, but next thing we knew, the two of us were waking up on the cold ground with big lumps on our head, and the children and the wood and our swords were all gone.” He sighs. “We got in big trouble for that one, I can tell you. I mean, of course we never told anyone else exactly what happened, but coming back to barracks without our weapons —” He shakes his head at the memory. “I had to pay far too much for a new sword, and it’s the Alasian style, at that. If I ever see that boy again, I’m going to kill him. Kill him! And then make him give my own sword back.”
Did it shock you when you learned that Prince Jaymin wasn’t dead?
“Yes, of course! We were all told that the team assigned to the Alasian palace that first night successfully slew the whole royal family. Then word got out that the prince had somehow escaped. Now we’re all supposed to keep a sharp lookout for him, and there’s a large reward being offered for anyone who can kill or capture the boy. Two thousand gold pieces! My friends and I have all been talking about what we’ll do with the money if we earn that reward. I don’t know where the prince escaped to, but I hope he comes here to Drall. We’ll make short work of him, that’s for certain!”





Ana 
Ana, a ragged old woman with stringy gray hair, sits huddled on a folded blanket by the side of the road in Drall’s open-air market, handmade scarves and hats and mittens displayed around her. Dusk is approaching, and there are few shoppers left in the market now. I have been waiting until there were no more customers around to claim her attention. Other merchants are beginning to gather up their wares, but I seat myself beside Ana with my list of questions. 
What do you do for a living, and why did you choose this career? Do you like your job? Why or why not?
“I knit and crochet hats and shawls and such.” She gestures to the items spread out on the blanket around her. “It’s all I can really do to make a livin’, except for now and again rentin’ out my attic to travelers. Gotta earn money somehow now that I don’t have no husband to provide for me.” She pulls the shawl more tightly around her shoulders.
How would you most like to spend a day off?
“I ain’t got time for no days off. If I ain’t sellin’ my wares here at the market, I’m at home makin’ ’em. Keepin’ busy is good. It means I don’t have to think as much.”
What object would you save if your home was on fire?
“I dunno. I ain’t really got nothin’ worth much.” But she reconsiders. “I suppose maybe my knitting basket. It’s got all my yarn, as well as knitting needles and crochet hooks.”
Tell me about your family. 
She looks away. “I had a husband once, and two sons. We weren’t rich, but we managed all right. Life was a lot better then.” Her expression is glum. “Then came the winter that we had that influenza epidemic. It was a extra cold one, like now. We all four of us took sick, and the three of them died all in one week. Dunno why I got better and they didn’t, but there I was all alone, and I been all alone ever since. I try not to think about it too often, or about them.” She sighs. “It’s better not to think. Life is hard. If you can forget, even for a little while, then you can shut out the pain. These two boys that be rentin’ my attic now, they make me think of my own sons. I don’t like that none. And they don’t like bein’ here, that’s clear. They never talk to me much, and they act like they’re used to sumpin’ better. I don’t got no use for children what think they’re better than me or they’re too good to eat my cookie’ or do chores around the house. I wish they’d leave, but at least their uncle brings me money now an’ again. Enough to buy a few more bottles — enough to make me forget again.”
What's your favorite food (or drink)? Do you cook?
“I used to love to cook for my husband and boys. Sometimes we had enough money for treats, but even between times, I did my best with what we had. It ain’t worth it now, though. Porridge and soup’s the easiest, and I buy bread from the market. Them boys what live with me now don’t appreciate it anyway.” She scowls. “When their uncle pays me, I buy whisky. The real good kind costs too much, but what I can afford is good enough to help me forget.”
Have you ever been in love? How did that work out? 
“I were in love with the best man ever. We were happy together for a lotta years.”
What did your husband do for a living?
She won’t meet my gaze. “I, ah, I don’t talk about that none. Some people don’t approve, you see. But he provided for our family decent, and he were a good man to me an’ the boys. I miss him a lot when I think about it, which is why I try not to.”
Where do you live? Is it the best place for you? 
“I moved into a little house after my husband and boys died. Couldn’t afford the rent on our old place anymore. There ain’t much room in this one, but I don’t need much.”
Describe the view from your bedroom window.
“I ain’t exactly got a bedroom. My house is just one room plus the attic, and there ain’t much of a view. The window just looks out onto the street. You can see the houses on the other side. There’s fruit peels and such on the ground, and sometimes a stray dog or two wanderin’ about. People come and go on their way home or to work. Everythin’ is dirty.”
Did you have a favorite subject in school when you were a child?
“I never went to no school. My parents didn’t have no money to send me. It weren’t like it is now in Alasia, where school is free. I’m glad kids nowadays get to go, though — have to go. It gives those two boys sumpin’ to do so’s they don’t spend all their time ’round my place. I dunno who they be or how long they’s gonna stay, but the less I see of ’em, the better.”





Miss Arrin 
Miss Arrin is waiting for me in a cold, bare classroom in a school in Drall. School is out for the day and no students are in sight, but she sits at a table at the front of the room, a stack of slates in front of her, looking over what appears to be essays. She welcomes me with a smile and pulls up a bench from behind one of the long student tables. 
“Have a seat. What is it you’d like to know?”
Our surroundings hint at the answer to the first question on my list, but I ask it anyway, hoping for more details.
What do you do for a living, and why did you choose this career? Do you like your job? Why or why not?
“I teach seventh year students here at Hilltop School. All my life I’ve wanted to be a teacher. After I finished school myself, my parents helped arrange the required apprenticeship under an experienced teacher. After my two years of helping in her classroom, I was hired by Hilltop School and given a classroom of my own. I’ve been teaching ever since, and I love it. There’s nothing like helping to shape young minds and inspire children. Most of those here are from poor families, but education gives them a chance at a better future than they could otherwise hope for. I love knowing that I’m a part of that.”
Tell me about your family.
“I live with my parents and one of my sisters, as well as my grandfather. I have three sisters, but the older two are married, so they and their husbands and children live in their own homes on the other side of town. The rest of us are still together in the little house where I grew up. If I ever get married, I think I’d enjoy moving out and making a home of my own with my husband, but for now I’m happy to continue living with my family. We get along well most of the time, and it’s fun coming home and sharing stories of things that happened at school or the funny things my students have said or done.”
What makes you angry? 
“Seeing children mistreated, or mistreating each other. Or seeing them choose not to live up to their full potential.”
What are your hobbies or interests?
She smiles. “I love to dance! In the summer when the weather is pleasant and it stays light longer, many of us in town get together one evening a month for a dance in the town square. We’ll share an early supper and then dance for hours out there to the music of whatever instruments our musical friends show up with. I look forward to summer all year long for that.”
What is one sentence you would never say?
“I would never tell one of my students that it’s all right to do less than their best.”
What object would you save if your home was on fire?
She smiles again. “I have a little book of my own. It’s a book of poetry that used to belong to my grandmother. I’ve read it so many times over the years that I have most of the poems memorized, but still, I read from it almost every day. The patterns of the words are soothing, and the illustrations are beautifully drawn. Sometimes I bring it in to school and read from it to my students. I like to imagine that it may inspire some of them to become poets themselves.”
What’s been your favorite travel destination? Is there anywhere else you would like to go? 
“When I was a girl, my family usually took short trips to different parts of Alasia about once a year. My favorite was the time we spent a few days on holiday in Wistra. My sisters and I had a wonderful time bathing and sunbathing at the beach. Our family toured the big glass factory there and learned all about how glass is made, and my mother bought a beautiful glass pitcher that we still have. She only brings it out when company comes.” She smiles at the memory. “I love travel. I used to dream of visiting Malorn someday, but considering recent events, I doubt that will be a good idea anymore.”
How has your job changed since the Malornians invaded Alasia?
Miss Arrin’s expression grows grim. “A Malornian representative came and met with all the teachers in Drall just before the school year started. He told us about some new rules their government has set for us and our students. One of them is that we can’t teach some of the subjects we’ve always taught, such as Alasian history. I suppose they’re afraid it might stir up patriotic feelings in the children.” Her voice is bitter. “Instead we have to teach about Malorn’s history, geography, and government. Not that I know much about that, but they gave each school a stack of parchment full of information for the teachers to look over, and we’re responsible for teaching lessons about it throughout the year. Some of it is about literature, too. We have to teach Malornian stories and poems, not the usual Alasian ones. I don’t think they trust us to do a thorough job of it, though, because the man told us in our meeting that there would be representatives visiting from Malorn throughout the year to teach special lessons and to test the students on what they’re supposed to have learned.” 
Miss Arrin sighs. “And that isn’t the worst of it. They’re planning on forcing some of our older students to leave school and do manual labor for them, both locally and over in Malorn, and even conscript some of them into their military.” She shakes her head helplessly. “It’s almost too awful to believe. At first, after the Invasion, I kept waiting to wake up and find that none of this was real, but of course it is. Then I waited to hear that things weren’t as bad as we’d been told: that the king and his family hadn’t really been assassinated; that our soldiers were still alive and would be mounting a counteroffensive. But no, everything really is as bad as it seems. No one is coming to rescue us from our enemies. Our kingdom isn’t our kingdom anymore.” 
She turns to look around her classroom at the empty tables and chairs. “But Alasia does have one hope: its children. They are our future. Someday they will be the fighters, the revolutionaries. If we teachers can keep a spark of patriotism alive in them under the surface, someday it may catch fire, and who knows? Perhaps the next generation will rise up and throw off Malornian rule.” She smiles a sad smile, thinking about it. “I don’t dare speak to my students about the matter directly, but I try to keep the love of Alasia alive in their hearts and to help them see that each one of them has potential to make changes for good.”
I hear you have two new students in your class this year. How have they adjusted to Hilltop School?
“Ah, yes, Jay and Erik. They’re from Almar; apparently they’re cousins. Jay said that his parents — Erik’s aunt and uncle — worked in the king’s palace and were killed in the Invasion. Now the two of them are living with another aunt here in Drall. Sadly, neither boy has adjusted well to our school yet. They don’t have any friends here besides each other, and they haven’t made any effort to get to know the other students. Neither of them is doing well academically, either, but I can tell they know more than they pretend to. It’s as though they’ve just decided not to care, not to try — especially Jay. I understand that he is still recovering from their family tragedy, but still, I hate to see him wasting his potential. If he doesn’t start putting more effort into his work, one of these days I’m going to sit him down to have a little talk. I know he loves our kingdom, so perhaps I can inspire him if I help him see how he has the potential to influence Alasia’s future. He’s a bright child; he just needs to apply himself.”





Buy the Book! 
Click here to buy Prince of Alasia in paperback.
Prince of Alasia (the ebook) is also available from online retailers.









IN THE ENEMY'S SERVICE





About the Story
When the Malornian army invaded Alasia and Prince Jaymin was forced to flee for his life, what happened to those left behind? In the Enemy’s Service tells the story of ten-year-old Anya, imprisoned among other survivors and forced to work for the occupying troops. While pretending to follow orders and serve in the palace, Anya discovers ingenious ways to spy on enemy officers and slip valuable information to the Alasian resistance. 
But as she helps to craft plans that may eventually free Alasia, Anya accidentally uncovers a disturbing reference to her own family. Her fears are strengthened when she is confronted by a mysterious Malornian who seems somehow to know the truth behind the role she has been playing. Holding her life in his hands with that knowledge, he claims to bear information implicating her father in the betrayal that led to the Invasion itself.





Anya
I find my way to the table in the palace dining hall where Anya has just finished her lunch. She looks up curiously as I take a seat on the bench across from her. “Hello. Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
She drains the last of her glass of milk and shrugs. “No, but I might get in trouble if Lieutenant Talifus sees me just sitting here after I’m done eating. He’ll tell me to get back to work.”
“I’ve already cleared this with Captain Almanian,” I assure her. “Talifus will leave us alone.”
“All right.” She brushes a lock of brown hair out of her eyes. “What do you want to know?”
I glance down at my list of questions.

Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
“Here at the palace?” She glances around thoughtfully at the half empty dining hall and the tired and wary workers finishing their lunch. “I guess so. I mean, I’d rather be back at school with my friends, but it’s fun helping Eleya and Tonnis in the clinic. I’m learning a lot about different herbs and how to use them to make medicines. They’re nice; they sort of take care of me and even let me sleep in their sitting room at night. Most other people here have been pretty nice to me, too. I’m scared of Lieutenant Talifus, though,” she admits. “He hates me. I’m afraid if he ever catches me doing something wrong, he’ll kill me.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
Anya frowns. “What are significant others?”
“Boyfriends,” I explain.
She blushes. “I’m only ten! I don’t think Father would let me have a boyfriend even if I wanted to. And my brother Arvalon might not like it, either. He’s older than I am, and sometimes he acts overprotective.”
I shrug. “I understand, but are there any boys you’re interested in?”
Anya hesitates, fiddles with her fork, not making eye contact. “Well, sort of. But I don’t actually know him. I’ve just heard about him. He sounds like someone I might like, though.”
“Yes?” I encourage her.
“Well, his name is Erik, and he’s Prince Jaymin’s bodyguard. He’s only twelve, like the prince, but people say he can fight better than most grown men. I think he sounds amazing! I’d like to meet him.”
“What about friends?” I inquire. “Do you have many friends?”
Anya laughs. “Of course! I have dozens of friends. But most of them go to my school or live in my neighborhood, so I haven’t seen them in the last few weeks. We have lots of fun together, though; or we used to. My favorite thing to do with my friends is make up stories and act them out for our families to watch.” She grins, remembering. “I always get to play the part of the tragic heroine. You know why?”
I shake my head. “Why?”
Anya glances around as if to make sure no one is listening and leans forward conspiratorially. “Because I know how to make myself cry whenever I want. Would you like to see?”
I chuckle and glance around as well. “Maybe not right now. People might notice and wonder what’s wrong.”
“All right. Well, what else do you want to know?”
What is your idea of success? 
Anya considers this. “I feel successful whenever I find out something important from Captain Almanian or Regent Rampus, like information I can pass on to the people helping Prince Jaymin. I’d love to be a real heroine and help him return and defeat his enemies.”
What do you hate? 
“Traitors, like Lieutenant Talifus and Phenniel.” She scowls. “The king and queen are dead because of them.”
What do you do in your spare time? 
Anya brightens. “I sew! I love sewing. I made the dress I’m wearing; see?” She stands up and pushes the bench back so she can turn in a circle, arms outstretched. I see that her dress is stained near the collar with what looks like blood, but is well made and of a stylish cut.
What did you have for breakfast? 
“Bread with jam, and scrambled eggs and sausage.” Anya plops back onto the bench again. “The food here is pretty good, but it’s always cold by the time we Alasians get any. We’re not allowed to eat our meals until after the soldiers have finished.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 
She nods. “We have two horses back at home. My father’s a merchant, you know, and they pull his cart when he takes goods to and from Malorn to sell. It’s fun to ride them.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
“Luck?” Anya frowns, considering. “I don’t think so. I think bad or good things happen because of choices people make. I suppose you could call it unlucky for us that the Malornians invaded Alasia, but they made that choice.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
This seems to stump her. “I don’t know. I don’t really care much about how things smell. I’m not really interested in flowers and perfume like some girls.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
“That’s easy.” Anya’s face lights up with excitement. “A blank wall that turned out to have a hidden door that opens on a secret passageway. I can’t tell you where it is or where it leads, though. I promised I’d never tell.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
Anya’s expression turns sober. “It was when Lieutenant Talifus dragged me out of my neighbor’s house and forced me to come work here. I didn’t know where he was taking me at first, or what was going to happen to me. I thought I might be killed.” She stares down at her plate again. “I suppose I still might. And I don’t know for sure if I’ll ever see my friends or family again. But that’s one reason I’m trying to find out everything I can from the Malornians. If I can help Prince Jaymin defeat them, we’ll all be safe again.”





Lieutenant Talifus
Lieutenant Talifus has agreed to meet with me in a tavern not far from the royal palace in the Alasian capital of Almar. When I arrive, he is already seated at a table with a tankard of ale, staring morosely into its depths. He barely nods as I sit down across from him. 
“Questions, eh? Fine, go ahead. You won’t tell the Malornians anything I tell you?” I assure him I won’t.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
Talifus scowls. “I hate my job. Those stinking Malornians tricked me! Before the Invasion I was a captain; they promised to promote me but instead I got demoted to lieutenant. I have to work under Captain Almanian. I should have been his superior by now.” He sighs angrily. “Not that I liked my job all that much even before. You know, I never really wanted to be on the palace guard. As a boy, I always pictured I’d join the army, where there’s plenty of room for advancement. It only goes up to captain in the palace. What more is there to strive for when you’re already at the top?”
“So why did you join the palace guard in the first place?” I prompt.
“Well, King Jaymin put me on it, and you can’t really say no to the king. Though I see now that I should have. He was nearsighted enough to think he was doing me a favor, I suppose. You see, my father was captain of the guard years ago when the previous king, Jaymin II, was on the throne. Jaymin III and I sort of grew up together here in the palace, but we were never close friends. Our fathers died in battle together when we were both sixteen, and so I suppose he thought he owed me something. He knew I was a good fighter, so after they crowned him king he gave me a position on the palace guard. I pretended I appreciated it — what else could I do? — and started working my way up the ranks, and here I’ve been ever since. Until the Malornians offered me the chance at something better, and then broke their promises, those filthy stinking liars.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
“Not anymore. All the Alasians I know hate me, and the Malornians don’t trust me. Nobody respects me now.”
What is your idea of success? 
“Promotion. Power. Wealth. All of which I was supposed to get after I helped the Malornians invade.” He glares at me as though it were my fault. “I gave up everything to help them. Everything! And what did I get in return? Broken promises and demotion.” He slams a fist down on the table. “It’s all Captain Almanian’s fault. He’s ruined my life.”
What do you hate?
“Those filthy Malornians, of course. Almanian, especially. Someday I’m going to make sure he gets what he deserves for what he did to me.” Talifus takes a swallow from his cup and thumps it angrily back down on the table, ale sloshing over his fingers.
What do you do in your spare time? 
“Try to plan ways to get even with them. And drink.” Talifus wipes his hand on his breeches, still scowling. “It’s their fault I started drinking. I hardly touched a drop until the day that messenger approached me with Regent Rampus’s offer and I began planning how to help them invade. Now I can’t seem to stay away from the bottle. I never used to be like this. Well, not as much.”
What did you have for breakfast? 
“I didn’t have breakfast today. My stomach was acting up after last night’s wine. I’ve still got a headache.” He mutters something under his breath about “that cursed Almanian”.
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 

“No. I don’t like animals.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
“Yes. I’ve had nothing but bad luck for weeks now.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
This makes him pause. “I don’t know. Fresh oatcakes, maybe. My parents and I, that used to be our favorite breakfast together in the dining hall when I was a boy. As we sat at the table, my father often used to talk to me about the future, about the army career he was going to help me get, about all the power and privileges I’d have when I was an officer.” Talifus sighs. “It never bothered him that I didn’t want to follow in his footsteps. He had contacts in the army who he was sure would help get me on the fast track to success. We often talked about it at breakfast before he went off to work, and I still associate oatcakes with the promise of a bright future.” He sighs again. “Now that all the Alasians here have to do what I say, I sometimes make Lutian cook them for me even when they’re not on the day’s meal plan. But for some reason they don’t seem to taste as good anymore.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
Talifus’s eyes grow distant. “You don’t expect to see a company of hundreds of soldiers moving in complete silence. I don’t know how they did it that night. Wrapped their boots in cloth, maybe, to muffle the sound of their footsteps. And it was a dark night, perfect for their plans: no moon, and the sky was overcast. I was expecting them, but even so, I hardly realized they were coming until they were right there before the palace gates in a silent throng. Not a single footstep, not a whisper, barely the slightest rustle of movement. If it hadn’t been for the lanterns by the gate, I would hardly have known anyone was even close by. And yet there they were, ready to change my life and Alasia’s.” He sips distractedly from his tankard. “You wouldn’t think life-changing events would slip in so silently. Maybe that’s why it seemed so strange, so out of place. You’d expect an invading army to charge in with trumpets and war horses and battle cries. You don’t expect them to just appear out of the darkness like a horde of ghosts in front of your home.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
Talifus looks away. When he speaks again, his voice is lower, and I have to lean forward to hear.
“It was that same night: the night of the Invasion. There were four of us guards who knew what was about to happen, and I had arranged the schedule so that two of us were on duty at the gates and the other two at the main door, ready to let the Malornians in.” He chews his lip, fiddling with the handle of his cup. “Have you ever had one of those moments where it seems as though your future is teetering on the edge of a blade? You need to make a quick decision, and you know that one way or another your life is never going to be the same afterward. And you’re terrified you’re about to make the worst mistake of your life.” He sighs heavily. “Not that I really had much of a choice by that time, you know? I had already agreed to help them. The arrangements had all been made. They’d paid me an advance — not a terribly big one, considering everything I was doing for them, but they’d promised a lot more would be coming afterward. And now there they were, waiting outside the gate while I stood guard up top, and I had a split second where I almost….” His voice trails off and he closes his eyes, shaking his head hopelessly. When he lifts his tankard for another gulp of ale, I see that his hands are shaking.
“But I did it, of course,” he continues finally. “I had to. I had to! They would have killed me if I’d backed out of the deal then, and the other three would have let them in anyway, so what would have been the point? I had no choice, really.” It isn’t clear whether Talifus is trying to convince me or himself. “Almanian was there at the front, and I led him across the courtyard and into the palace, showed him and his men the way through the corridors. I’d tried to keep the duty schedule as light as I could that night, but I had to assign some guards to each floor or it would have looked suspicious. We killed them all. We had to. I didn’t want to do it, but there was no other way. And I hadn’t realized the Malornians were going to kill everyone, even those off duty and asleep. That part wasn’t my fault! And when Almanian made me lead the way to the king and queen’s room, I - I - I -” 
Talifus breaks off again, his voice anguished, trembling all over now. “I swear I didn’t know what they were going to do! The messenger hadn’t said anything about that part! I never thought they’d harm King Jaymin. Just take him captive, maybe, along with the queen; make him a puppet ruler in their new government, or something. How could I have known? How could I? You can’t blame me for what they did!” His head sinks into his hands and he groans. “I’ll never forget that moment, waiting outside their door with Lasden while Almanian went in. By then it was obvious, but what could I do? Lasden was watching me with his sword ready like he knew I was having doubts, and their people were all around. I couldn’t have done anything if I’d wanted to. I wouldn’t have stood a chance. There was no point in trying.” He buries his face in his hands again. “It wasn’t my fault,” he moans once more.
I wait, but for a long time Talifus remains motionless. Finally he fumbles for his cup and drains the rest of his ale in one gulp. Glancing across the room, he catches the bartender’s eye and gestures with the empty cup. The man hurries over with a pitcher to refill it. Talifus raises it again, sucking the contents down almost desperately, as though he thinks the only solution to his anguish lies at the bottom of the cup.
Finally he pauses for breath and looks up, seeming surprised to see me still sitting there. “You’re done, aren’t you? Leave me alone now, all right?” Without waiting for me to leave, he turns back to his ale.





Tonnis
I sit down with Tonnis, a stout, graying man in his forties, in the front room of the palace clinic where he works. “Thanks for agreeing to meet with me,” I say, settling myself on one of the benches.
“You’re welcome. No medical emergencies at the moment, so it’s a good time,” he replies, leaning back against the wall from his own bench. “Go ahead.”
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 

“Yes, I do. It’s fulfilling to know I’m helping people; saving lives, even.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 

He looks away. “Most of my friends are dead now.” There’s a pause, and he clears his throat roughly. “Killed in the Invasion. But the Malornians let a few people live, and of course there’s my wife Eleya. Don’t know how I’d make it without her. And Anya; she’s become almost like a daughter to us in the few weeks she’s been here.”
What is your idea of success? 

“Helping a patient to complete recovery.”
What do you hate? 

“Losing a patient.”
What do you do in your spare time? 

He shrugs. “Usually sit and talk with Eleya and Anya and Wennish, our one surviving Alasian patient. Before the Malornians came and made most of the palace off-limits, I’d often get a book from up in the library and read in my sitting room. Sometimes Eleya and I would go into town and visit our relatives on our days off.”
“What kinds of books do you like?” I wonder aloud.
“Oh, anything I can find about medicine or the sciences. Now and then Eleya will get a book of poetry and we’ll take turns reading aloud to each other.” He looks embarrassed.
What did you have for breakfast? 

“Oatcakes with syrup.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 

“When I was a boy I had a couple of dogs. Big bouncy ones with lots of energy. We lived near the edge of town, and my brother and I used to go hiking with them up in the hills.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 

Tonnis considers this. “I suppose so, if you consider luck to be good or bad things people don’t deserve. There’s certainly been a lot of bad luck for us Alasians lately.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 

He smiles almost shyly. “Yellow roses. Eleya used to wear them in her hair sometimes back when we were courting. We had them at our wedding, too. One of the palace gardeners knows we like them, and he’ll often bring us a bloom or two when he trims the rosebushes.” 
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 

Tonnis considers this for only a moment before starting to chuckle. “It was years ago, but I’ll never forget. Back when Talifus was a sergeant on the palace guard, he took sick one time with a high fever. It was the middle of the night, and he was in bed in the clinic, tossing and turning and talking to himself in his delirium. I had been sitting up with him for hours, trying to bring the fever down with tonics and wet cloths, and I must have dozed off in my chair. When I woke up, his bed was empty and the door was open. I jumped up and ran to find him, and I saw the outer door standing open too.” He points to the clinic door beside the bench I’m sitting on. “I hurried outside, and there he was halfway across the courtyard, barefoot and in his nightshirt. He had picked up a riding whip that someone had left outside the stable, and he was wielding it like a sword, fighting off imaginary enemies and yelling battle cries in the moonlight.” Tonnis stops his tale to chuckle again, picturing the scene. “Half a dozen guards on duty were already hurrying over to see what was going on. A couple of them helped me disarm him and get him back to the clinic, and I made them all promise they wouldn’t tell anyone what they’d seen. I don’t know if they ever did or not, but I made the mistake of mentioning it to Talifus the next day after his fever had gone down. I don’t think he ever forgave me.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 

Tonnis’s smile fades. “There’ve been a lot of frightening things since the Malornians arrived. The worst was a few days ago when Eleya and I almost got killed for something Talifus tried to pin on us.” He shudders. “I truly thought we were going to die. If it hadn’t been for Anya and Lasden, we would have.” He swallows hard and turns to me soberly. “And as long as we’re forced to labor in the enemy’s service, that’ll be a daily possibility.”





Captain Almanian
“Come in,” Captain Almanian calls when I knock on his office door. I open it and step inside, finding myself in a lamp-lit room that looks as though it once served as a small sitting room in a guest suite but has now been turned into an office. The captain sits behind a large desk covered with a map and several sheets of parchment. 
“Have a seat.” He waves me to a chair before the desk. “Let’s make this quick; I have a lot to do today.”
“I understand,” I assure him. “Thank you for being willing to meet with me.” I pull out my list of questions.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 

“I do my job.” His voice is expressionless, and he leaves it at that. I wait, but nothing else is forthcoming, so I go on to the next question.
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 

“Not here in Alasia. I have friends and a wife back home in Malorn. Our two daughters are both grown and married.”
What is your idea of success? 

“Victory.”
What do you hate? 
“Incompetence. Laziness. Insubordination. People who are supposed to have joined my side but refuse to cooperate and follow orders.” From the annoyance in his voice, I can tell Captain Almanian is thinking of someone in particular.
What do you do in your spare time? 

“When I have a moment to sit down by myself, there are always maps and reports to study. I’ve also been looking through different parts of the palace over the last couple of weeks, trying to familiarize myself with its layout and get a better picture of what Alasians are like as a people. It’s fascinating how much you can learn from what you find in an art gallery, a throne room, a royal suite, not to mention a library.”
What did you have for breakfast? 

“Steak and eggs and weak Alasian coffee.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 

“My wife keeps a couple of cats at home. I don’t care much for them, but as long as they stay out of my way, we get along all right.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 

“I believe a good soldier makes his own luck.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 

The captain frowns as though the question irritates him. “Scent? I don’t know.” He shrugs. “Fresh coffee, maybe. The Malornian kind, of course. I’ve got to ask around and see where to buy it here. There must be merchants who bring it over.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 

He considers this for a moment. “People who refuse to accept change,” he replies finally. “Look at Alasia, for example. The citizens know there’s no going back to the way things were, so you’d think they’d settle down and accept our authority and the many advantages of Malornian rule. And yet we continue to face uprisings and rebellion, which only make things worse when we have to crack down harder. I don’t blame the people for being angry about what happened; for hating us, even. But how will it help them to keep struggling when it’s obviously too late to save their kingdom?” He shakes his head. “Pride is a funny thing.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
Captain Almanian shrugs again. “It’s always a little frightening planning a campaign or working out a battle strategy. Lives will be lost one way or another, but how many usually depends on how I decide to do things. The men under my command have all accepted the risks, of course, but there are often civilian casualties too. It’s unfortunate when that occurs, as it had to here in Alasia, but sometimes that’s what it takes to accomplish a mission. And like it or not, we all do what we must.” 
He pushes back his chair. “Speaking of which, I have to get back to work. I hope this has been helpful.” Rising to his feet, he gestures to the door, signaling that the interview is at an end.





Eleya
As I cross the palace courtyard toward the clinic, Eleya meets me at the front door. “Come in, come in. It’s freezing out there!” A light whirl of snowflakes follows me through the door as she hurriedly shuts it behind me. “Come on upstairs to the sitting room. We can talk there without being interrupted.” 
I follow her through the front room, where I interviewed Tonnis not long ago. There are no patients waiting on the benches at the moment, but I pause to stare at the splintered remains of what used to be a desk piled against one wall.
“Talifus,” Eleya explains, noting the direction of my gaze. “He came in here in a bad mood yesterday and took it out on the furniture and then on Anya. Luckily, she’s all right now. This was Dal’s desk, though; I don’t know what he’ll say when he sees what happened. If he ever does.”
She leads the way through another doorway into a back room, where I see a fireplace, cupboards, and an examining table under two hanging lamps. Down a hallway beyond are three closed doors and one open one, through which I hear voices. 
“Tonnis and Anya are in there with our patient Wennish,” Eleya explains. “But we’re going up here.” She starts up a steep stairway to one side. At the top she turns right into a small sitting room containing a sofa and two armchairs on a rug before another fireplace.
“Sorry about the mess,” Eleya apologizes, pushing aside a rumpled pile of bedding on the sofa. “This is where Anya sleeps now. You’re the first company we’ve had up here since the Invasion.”
I settle myself on one of the armchairs and pull out my list of questions. “Don’t worry about it.”
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
“Most of the time I do. I enjoy helping my husband Tonnis and our colleague Dal in the clinic. The job I’m really trained for, which I don’t get to do as often, is midwife; I love helping to bring children into the world. Lately, though, most of what Tonnis and I have been doing is just helping the Malornians.” She sighs. “They killed hundreds of our people, and here we are helping heal their injuries and keep them healthy so they can mistreat more of us any time they like.” She shakes her head hopelessly. “But after all the threats they’ve made, what else can we do?”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
“Not as many friends as I used to have. A lot of them were our coworkers here at the palace, and most of those are buried out back now.” She pauses to fish out a handkerchief and blow her nose. “But of course Tonnis is still here. I don’t know what I’d do without him. And young Anya lives with us now; she’s become almost like family in the last couple weeks. I’ve enjoyed teaching her to do simple tasks around the clinic; to knit – it’s almost like having a daughter.” Eleya smiles fondly.
What is your idea of success? 
“Helping sick or injured people recover. Helping a mother bring a healthy baby into the world.”
What do you hate? 
“People who hurt others on purpose.”
What do you do in your spare time? 
“I like to knit, especially with Anya. In the evenings or when the soldiers aren’t keeping an eye on us, sometimes we’ll all sit and talk down in Wennish’s room. In the past, sometimes Tonnis and I would read together up here, but I doubt we’d be allowed to take books from the palace library now.”
What did you have for breakfast? 
“Bread with butter and jam, a couple of slices of a pear, and spiced tea.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 
Eleya smiles. “I love cats. While I was growing up, my sisters and I always had at least one. But I haven’t had a pet since I’ve been married. Unfortunately, Tonnis doesn’t care much for cats, and besides, it wouldn’t work well to keep one here, where we live above the clinic.” 
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
She considers this. “No, I don’t think so. I believe in good and evil. When people do evil things, like the Malornians have done here, some might call it bad luck, but I think that takes the blame off those who deserve it. What we call good luck usually comes through people’s hard work and perseverance.” 
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
“Warm peach pie, maybe. I used to make it a lot, before we moved here.” She chuckles. “I haven’t done much cooking in years – being able to eat three meals a day in the palace dining hall, Tonnis and I are spoiled – but now and then on my day off I’ll go to one of my sisters’ or cousins’ houses and cook with them. Peach pie is still my specialty.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
Eleya thinks this over. “Once I saw four children riding one donkey down one of the main streets here in Almar. That wouldn’t be so unusual, except that it was during a heavy rainstorm, and the poor things were doing all they could to keep from getting wet. They’d gotten ahold of a wooden board, and the last girl was holding the back edge of it, trying to balance it over all their heads with one hand while holding on to her brother’s waist with the other. The little boy in the front had both his hands in the air to support the board, which stuck out past him and sheltered most of the donkey’s head, too. It was the girl behind him who was reaching around him to hold the reins. But the board was nearly as wide as it was long, so other people on the street kept having to dodge or they’d be hit by one edge or the other.” She stops to chuckle. “The funniest part was, three of the children didn’t even seem to realize they were doing anything odd. They were singing some song about the joys of rain and springtime at the tops of their little lungs, and in three different keys, I might add. Only the oldest boy looked embarrassed, as though he wished he could disappear right off of that poor donkey’s back.” She shakes her head, still chuckling. “Children are so much fun. Just thinking of it makes me miss my nieces and nephews.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
Eleya’s smile fades, and abruptly her mood turns serious. “There’ve been a lot of frightening things since the Malornians came. The night of the Invasion was bad enough, but last week… last week, eight people –” Her voice breaks, and she pulls out her handkerchief once more to dab at her eyes and blow her nose. “They were our friends, and most of them – well, half of them – hadn’t even done anything. I’ll never forget the look on Talifus’s face as he –” She breaks off again, shuddering, and I wait awkwardly while she buries her face in her handkerchief, her shoulders heaving silently. “It’s awful,” she whispers finally. “Just awful. We don’t know when they’re going to stop, who’s going to be next. The only thing left to hope is that Prince Jaymin is still safe and that he has some sort of plan to drive the enemy out. Otherwise, I’m afraid things are only going to get worse.”





Lieutenant Lasden
Lieutenant Lasden and I sit down in the empty conference room in the Alasian palace where he has agreed to meet with me. As I face him across the table, I notice he looks weary – not just the weariness that comes after a long day, though that’s there too, but the weariness that comes from discouragement, perhaps depression. His eyes are dull.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
He doesn’t look at me. “I’m a soldier. I follow orders. What does it matter what I like or dislike?”
I wait for him to elaborate, and finally, reluctantly, he goes on. “No, I don’t like my job. Not anymore. Not since being a Malornian soldier came to mean invading a peaceful kingdom and slaughtering civilians.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
“I’ve got friends in my company, but no one I’m very close to, especially lately.” He shrugs. “I don’t see eye to eye with most of them about the Invasion.”
What is your idea of success? 
Lasden chuckles humorlessly. “If you’d asked me a month ago, I would have said defeating an enemy with minimal casualties on our side. But that’s pretty much what we’ve done in Alasia, and I can’t feel proud of it.”
What do you hate? 
He stares, unseeing, out the window, where rain beats against the pane. “What we’ve become. What I’ve become. Oh, I’m a good soldier. I’ve always put everything I had into this job. But I feel like a failure as a human being.”
What do you do in your spare time? 
Lasden shrugs again. “Haven’t had much spare time since we came to Alasia. Before, I’d usually play cards or dice with my friends. Swap stories in a tavern or around a campfire. You know. On my days off when I was stationed in Sazellia, I liked to go out riding, or just sit down with a good book. Histories, especially.”
What did you have for breakfast? 
He frowns, trying to remember. “I think they served eggs with bacon this morning. Not bad, but the coffee isn’t as good here. I miss Malornian coffee.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 
“My family has always kept horses. I think I learned to ride before I could walk.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
“No, I believe in skill. In my experience, soldiers who rely on luck don’t last long.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
He considers this. “Wood smoke, I suppose. Especially if we’re sitting round a campfire roasting a rabbit we’ve finally had time to trap after days of field rations, on our way back home at the end of a successful campaign.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
Lasden thinks this over. “I saw a family of Mountain Folk up close, once. Usually they live up in the higher slopes of the Impassables, but in the winter they come down low where it’s warmer, and every now and then you see them camped in the foothills. My company was on our way to the Western Wilderness, and we came across a group of them trading for supplies in a little village near the Grenn River. There were maybe five adults and twice that many children, all dressed in animal skins, most carrying spears. They looked just as savage as people say they are: shaggy hair, shifty eyes, and all. And it’s true, they do smell like the goats they keep. But something about how tenderly they treated their horses made me wonder if they might be a little more civilized than people think.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
“I don’t know. I’ve had a lot of close calls since I’ve been with the army.” Lasden hesitates. “Usually when you’re fighting for your life, things happen too fast for you to really feel much until afterwards. Really, I suppose I haven’t been as frightened out on the battlefield as I used to be sometimes at home, when I was a boy. When I did something to make my father angry.” He looks away again, and I can tell by the way his lips tighten that he wishes he hadn’t said that. Abruptly, he pushes back his chair and rises to his feet. “I have to go. I’ve got to make my rounds before the workers turn in for the night. Excuse me.” He limps over to the door and leaves the room without a backward glance.





Karro
Glancing at my directions to double check where I’m going, I knock on the front door of the house I’ve been directed to. It’s a two-story brick building in a middle-class neighborhood in Sazellia, the capital of Malorn. 
At the sound of my knock, the shutters on the front window open a crack. A moment later I hear the sound of a bolt being drawn back, and then the front door opens and Karro stands there, smiling nervously.
“Come in, come in. Sorry for the delay; I had to be certain who was out there.” He ushers me in and gestures toward a sofa in the comfortably furnished sitting room before closing and locking the door behind me. A fire crackles in the fireplace nearby and a lamp hangs from the ceiling, but with all the shutters closed the room is still dim. “Please, make yourself at home,” Karro urges. “My son is out at the moment with my brother and his family, so we won’t be interrupted. Can I get you anything to drink?”
I decline his offer and pull out my notes as he seats himself in an armchair across from me.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
“Oh, yes. I wouldn’t want to be anything but a merchant. I love to travel, and I enjoy making new contacts, striking bargains, picking out the best goods and planning the best places to sell them. I’ve been training my son Arvalon, who’s nearly ready to join me in the business, and it makes me so proud to see him learning and enjoying it too.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
A shadow seems to pass over his face. “My wife passed away ten years ago. But Arvalon and my daughter Anya are the joy of my life, and we have a large extended family here in Sazellia. With my business, it’s been easy to make friends almost everywhere. In fact, I’d say I have friends in a dozen different towns back in Alasia, and nearly as many in Malorn.”
What is your idea of success? 
Karro smiles. “Striking a good bargain. Buying a cartload of goods from someone who’s glad to get it off his hands for that price, then finding just the right people to sell it to somewhere else for just enough profit to make it worthwhile, and knowing that the customer considers it an amazing bargain and can’t wait to do business with me again.”
What do you hate? 
He considers this. “Being cheated into buying damaged or low quality goods, though that doesn’t happen often. Heavy rain when I’m out on the open road. Being talked back to by one of my children or my nieces or nephews.”
What do you do in your spare time? 
“I’ve tried to spend as much time as possible with Arvalon and Anya since they lost their mother. I try to do some of the things she used to do — plan picnics and fishing trips, or take them out to play on the beach in summer or in the snow in winter. In the evenings the three of us often cook dinner together, and sometimes I’ll read aloud to them afterwards.” He chuckles. “Arvalon thinks he’s getting too old for such things, and I suppose in a way he is, but Anya still enjoys it. Sometimes I’ll pull one or both of them out of school for a few days if I need a hand on one of my longer business trips. I really think the life experience and time with their father will do them more good in the long run than sitting in a classroom.” He sighs. “I’m thankful I brought Arvalon along this time, but I would certainly have brought Anya too if I’d known what was going to happen. Our family has never been separated for this long before, and I’m not sure how long it will be before we’re together again.” His expression is worried.
What did you have for breakfast?
“Molian sweetbread and a cup of coffee.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 
“I have two horses, if you can call them pets. They’re work animals. My wife liked cats, so we had one back when she was alive, before Anya was born. When I was a boy, I kept turtles.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
He hesitates, and I see that his expression has grown uncomfortable. “I don’t know. I suppose so. I mean, I would probably have said no if you’d asked me a year ago, but….” His voice trails off. I wait expectantly, and finally, reluctantly, he goes on. “A few months ago I had what I can only describe as a run of very bad luck in my business. You know, deals turning sour, customers canceling orders for no reason I could understand. Finances got tight, and I was worried. I couldn’t figure out why everything was going wrong all at once. I had to make some difficult decisions.” He fidgets, running his fingers idly along the arm of his chair, and as I watch him, he won’t meet my gaze. “So, do you have any more questions, or was that all?”
Wondering what it is he isn’t comfortable talking about, I turn back to my list.
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
Karro seems relieved to return to safer topics. “The tang of salt air, perhaps. I spent most of my childhood here in Malorn where my father is from. As you may know, Malorn only has a few miles of coastline before the mountains get in the way, and what there is is mostly rocky. The water is all swampy and silty around the Grenn Delta, so it isn’t exactly an ideal place to enjoy a day at the beach. But every now and then we’d travel to Alasia to visit my mother’s parents, and they lived close to a beautiful beach, perfect for sandcastles and swimming and all sorts of fun. Sometimes we’d see dolphins out in the surf, or seals sunning themselves. That beach was one of the reasons I chose to move to Almar almost as soon as I was grown.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
Karro thinks this over for a while. “I’ve seen a lot of interesting things in my travels, but strange?” Then he chuckles. “Ah, I know. A few years back I was crossing the Grenn River on the ferry, heading back home to Alasia with a cartload of Malornian coffee. It’s always a little frightening, standing by the horses on that big flat raft, hoping they don’t spook and capsize the whole thing, while the ferrymen pull you across on their pulley system. I usually try not to look down at the water so close to my feet, but this one time, my attention was caught by a glimpse of something moving. You may not believe this, but it was a shark — a huge one, too; the biggest I’ve ever seen. Its dorsal fin cut through the water not three feet away, and the water was so clear I could see its whole body. It was longer than my cart; longer than the whole raft. I suppose it was lost, maybe disoriented in the fresh water, trying to find its way back down to the ocean. Don’t ask me how it managed to get thirty miles upstream from the coast.” He shakes his head in wonder. “I think about it every now and then, wonder if it ever did make it home.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
Immediately, Karro grows uncomfortable once again. His gaze shifts to the floor, the fireplace, the tightly shuttered windows, but he doesn’t look at me. Finally he licks his lips and starts to speak, pauses, starts again, and stops. I wait, and finally he tries once more. 
“I’m sure you know about what happened two weeks ago. The Malornian army invaded Alasia; rumor has it they’ve killed the royal family and wiped out the Alasian army. It’s very disturbing, especially since my daughter is over there right now. She’s staying with my neighbors, who’ve always taken good care of her and Arvalon when I’ve been gone. But still, I’m worried about her.” He pauses, and I can tell he’s struggling between the need to get something off his chest and reluctance to speak about it. 
“The thing is, I’m afraid I may be partly to blame for —” he begins, then breaks off abruptly. Rising to his feet, he begins pacing the room, chewing on his lower lip in distraction. “I didn’t mean any harm, but —” He breaks off again, pausing at one of the windows to pull the shutter open just far enough to peer out. “Anyway, as long as I stay in Malorn, what’s the worst that can happen? Nothing, of course. No one’s allowed across the border in either direction at the moment; except our soldiers, of course, so I know I’m safe. It’s just that —” He glances at the door. “I just have this awful feeling that someone’s going to — but of course that’s silly. Not with the Malornians in charge over there, and the Alasian government nonexistent now.” He sighs. “I love Alasia. It’s my home, or it was. I love Malorn too, but I don’t know what possessed Prince Korram to attack a peaceful kingdom like he did. And I don’t know what’s going to become of Alasia now, but in the unlikely event that the kingdom ever struggles back to its feet and somehow throws off Malornian control, I don’t think I can ever go back.” His voice catches for a moment, and he turns away. 
“I don’t dare,” he whispers finally, desperation in his voice. “But I’ll be safe as long as I stay on this side of the river, right? Even in peacetime, the Alasian authorities would never —” He breaks off once more, shaking his head with a sigh. “I’ve got to send for Anya as soon as they start letting people across again,” he tells me finally. “There’s no future for us in Alasia anymore.”





Regent Rampus
Pushing my way through the heavy blue curtain that hangs across the entrance, I step into the throne room of the Alasian palace. Regent Rampus sits on the ornate golden throne in the center of the room, watching as I approach along the red carpet. 
“Thank you for being willing to meet with me, sir,” I greet him, stopping before the throne. “I have a few questions for you, if you don’t mind.”
He waves his hand expansively. “What better way for the people of Alasia to get to know their new ruler? By all means, ask what you will.”
“Very well, sir.” He does not offer me a seat, so I pull out my pencil and parchment and prepare to write standing up.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
“Of course I like my job.” He laughs as though this is a stupid question. “Regent is the most important job there is, except for king, of course. But since his royal highness Prince Korram is still too young to take on that position, I gladly offer him the benefit of my counsel and services. The young prince is so grateful for my years of experience and the load I daily shoulder on his behalf. All of Malorn benefits along with him, of course, and I humbly submit that our kingdom has thrived under my management as never before in its history. And now Alasia and its citizens are beginning to experience the benefits of my leadership as well.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
The regent laughs again. “Need you even ask? All of Malorn is my friend. My kingdom loves me, as Alasia soon will too. Any man in Malorn would do anything I asked of him. Any woman I smile at falls in love with me. The wealthy and powerful sit at my table; the wise and skillful lay their riches of knowledge and talent at my feet. All the resources of both kingdoms are at my disposal now. It’s all mine!” His eyes are alight and his voice has been growing in intensity, but abruptly he seems to remember where he is, and his gaze focuses on me once again. “And of course I use it all in the service of Prince Korram, soon to be King Korram. The dear boy has been like a son to me since his father died.”
What is your idea of success? 
“Complete power, of course. Again, to be used in the service of my prince.”
What do you hate? 
“People who stand in my way.”
What do you do in your spare time? 
“Enjoy the benefits of my position.” He smiles, fingering the intricate designs carved into the gold on the arms of the throne. “Look around you. Life is full of little luxuries for those capable of earning them.” He leans back on the velvet cushions, obviously comfortable and satisfied, then seems to recollect himself again and quickly sits up. “But of course that’s only when my long day’s labor is done, and even then I spend most of my spare time trying to think of more ways to serve my kingdom – both of my kingdoms – and my prince.”
What did you have for breakfast? 
“Eggs, sausage, warm oatcakes with some delightful sort of syrup, and three kinds of fresh fruit from the palace greenhouse.” Rampus smiles again. “Quite a treat in winter, wouldn’t you agree? A small example of those benefits I was speaking of. Oh, and I had a cup of that sweet spiced tea that they make over here. Supposedly the late royal family was fond of it; I thought partaking of a local beverage for breakfast would be a nice tradition for Alasia’s new ruler to carry on.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 
The regent gazes thoughtfully into the distance. “I kept a hawk for nearly fifteen years. Trained it myself and used it for hunting. You don’t know anything about grace and power until you’ve watched a hawk bring down its prey. I always admired its deadly speed, its unfailing accuracy, its efficient use of that hooked beak and razor talons to shred some little creature’s flesh.” 
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
“No; I believe in power. People who sit around waiting for good luck never get anywhere, but with enough power – wisely applied, of course – a person can do anything.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
The regent’s expression grows dreamy. “There’s something about walking into a banquet hall where a feast has been prepared in my honor. It doesn’t even matter what’s being served – the mingled aromas are almost intoxicating.” He inhales deeply as though smelling them now. “For some reason other people’s feasts never smell as good. When I received word that the Invasion had been successful, we had quite the celebration back in Malorn. You should have smelled the royal banquet I ordered for the occasion.” But then his smile fades into a frown. “It would have been a perfect celebration, commemorating a practically perfect victory, but then that fool Arden had to go and ruin my evening.”
“Arden, sir?” I venture.
“The palace minstrel. He was supposed to prepare some music in my honor – that is, in honor of what our army had accomplished in Alasia. Instead he decided to be clever and sing some dreadful ditty denouncing me as a butcher and calling for a quick end to my rule and victory to my enemies.” The regent glares down at me as though it was my fault. “He completely ruined my celebration!”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
Regent Rampus’s expression darkens still more. “People who think they can defy me and get away with it. Like Arden. But I showed him; I had him thrown into the dungeon, where he can rot until the end of time as an example to anyone else who may be tempted to follow in his footsteps. And he’s lucky to have gotten away that easy.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
The regent glares at me again, still in a bad mood. “Frightening things don’t happen to me. I make frightening things happen to other people. To those who defy me. To those who get in my way. To those who think they can keep me from attaining everything I want. Everything!” He rises to his feet in anger. “Tell that to your readers! Tell them that no one can stop me, no one can stand against me, no one had better dare to ever try to thwart my plans. Or they’ll regret it, and they don’t know what fear is until they have felt my wrath.”





Wennish
Wennish waves me to a stool beside his bed in the palace clinic. He looks weak and pale, but his voice is steady. “I’ve got nothing but time on my hands, so make yourself comfortable.” 
I sit down and look at my list of questions.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 

“I used to, back when I had one. The palace is a wonderful place to work, and I loved the fact that I was helping to protect the royal family. I admired King Jaymin so much.” Wennish sighs. “I should have died in his defense, but my life’s goal now is to do anything I can to help his son.”
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 

He scowls. “Most of my friends were on the palace guard, and they’re dead. But Tonnis and Eleya are helping me get through this, and little Anya, too – I don’t know what I’d do without them.”
What is your idea of success? 
“Keeping the palace and its occupants safe.” He scowls again, staring up at the ceiling. “Obviously I failed at that.”

What do you hate? 

“Malornians.” He practically spits out the word. “And traitors like Talifus. He swore the same oath of allegiance I did, but look at what he’s done to Alasia.”
What do you do in your spare time? 

“Lie here.” Wennish gestures around the little room. “Sleep sometimes. Think about everything that’s happened, and about what might be going to happen. What else can I do? Tonnis won’t let me leave the clinic, not that I could get far if I tried. Sometimes he and Eleya and Anya come and sit with me when they aren't busy, and we talk. But I get terribly bored.”
What did you have for breakfast? 

“Anya brought some fried potatoes and eggs over from the dining hall. We always get our meals cold now, because those Malornians insist on eating first. Oh, and I had some nasty sort of tea that Eleya brewed up. I have to drink the most horrible medicinal brews you can imagine.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 

“My family had a dog when I was a boy. And my parents bought me my own horse when I turned sixteen. I loved being able to go where I wanted at any time.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 

Wennish hesitates. “I suppose I do. I mean, Alasia didn’t deserve to be invaded. The king and queen didn’t deserve to be betrayed and murdered. If that isn’t bad luck, what is?”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 

He thinks this over. “Maybe the smell of fish frying. My uncle’s a fisherman, and sometimes when he had caught more than he needed to sell, he and my aunt would invite my family over to share their supper. My cousins and I used to play at soldiers out back while our mothers fried up the fish with onions and herbs.” He smiles, remembering. “Those were good times.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 

Wennish smiles again. “There’s an odd little pile of rocks about a quarter mile off the coast. You can’t see it too well from the shore, but it’s visible from some of the other islands. At the right angle, it looks like the head of some giant creature rising from the sea, looking up at the sky with its mouth open. I once stood at just the right spot at the right time to watch the sea monster swallow the moon.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 

Wennish’s expression turns grim as he remembers, and he is silent for so long that at first I think he isn’t going to answer. When he speaks again, his voice is low, serious. “It was just a couple of weeks ago. I had the night shift up on the seventh and eighth floors, which is usually quite boring. You just patrol the hallways and the stairs and check in every so often to report that nothing’s happened. Well, about halfway through my shift I thought I heard a distant shout from below, cut off right away. I headed down to check it out, and then I started hearing other shouts; and about that time I happened to pass by a window that looked out on the front courtyard. You can imagine my shock when I saw hundreds of soldiers in red and black uniforms pouring into the palace through every entrance. I started yelling, myself, to sound the alarm, and I ran down toward where the king and queen have their suite on the fifth floor. But by then soldiers were racing through the hallway toward me.” 
He stares into space, breathing hard as though reliving the scene. “Two of them attacked me at the top of a stairway, and I managed to hold my own for a moment or two, but I knew I couldn’t defend myself against both for long. At one point, when I turned to parry a blow from the first man, the other slashed out and caught me right across the chest.” He fingers the bulky bandages under his tunic. “I tried to dodge, but it was too late, and I suppose I lost my balance and fell down the stairs. I don’t remember what happened, but Tonnis says I must have hit my head and lost consciousness.” Wennish reaches back to rub the side of his head. “It was a lucky thing, because they left me for dead. I nearly did die, but Tonnis found me still breathing in the courtyard later and brought me into the clinic. I’d lost more blood than I thought I had to spare, but he and Eleya and Anya have slowly been pulling me back toward health. He says if I hadn’t fallen backward just when I did, that sword would have sliced right through my heart.” 
Wennish shudders. “Sometimes I almost wish it had, you know?” He seems to be talking to himself now. “Why should I still be alive when none of the others survived?” He closes his eyes, exhausted from the long speech, one hand still moving restlessly over his bandaged chest. 
“Thanks for your time,” I whisper. “I’ll leave you to get some rest.” He doesn’t look up as I tiptoe out.





Dannel
I’ve chosen a table in a dimly-lit corner of the tavern from which I can keep an eye on the door. Dannel sent word that he would meet me here, and I arrived early to pick out a spot where no one would overhear us. But I’m surprised when he materializes noiselessly out of the shadows nearby. I’ve been watching the door for the last ten minutes and didn’t see him come in. 
“You’re in my seat.” He stands over me, smiling. “Please move.” Though his words are polite, something about the way he says them makes me shiver. I quickly get up and take the chair on the opposite side of the table.
“So. You wanted to talk to me?”
“Um, yes.” I glance down at the sheet I’ve brought. “I have a few questions, if you don’t mind.”
“By all means.” He gestures expansively. “I’ll be glad to give you whatever information you require. That is, after all, my business. But I’m sure you understand that I don’t work for free.”
I expected this, and have come prepared. I place a silver coin on the table between us. He raises an eyebrow at it doubtfully and then casts me a glance as though to say, Is that all my information is worth to you? But he shrugs and pockets the coin without a word.
Do you like your job? Why or why not? 
Dannel chuckles. “I love my job! There’s nothing like the thrill of successful deception. Of course, that’s only a small part of what I do. I’m in the intelligence business, and deception is just one of the means I employ. It’s quite fulfilling, negotiating for the best possible price and then delivering critical information, usually to desperate people. But I offer other services too. If you ever need anyone taken out of the way, for example, I’m sure we could work something out.”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” I assure him. “Next question.”
Dannel affects a look of surprise. “You have more than one question? You’ve only paid me for one answer.”
I sigh and take out a couple more coins, which he accepts with a courteous nod.
Do you have any friends? Significant others? 
“Of course not. That would require trust, and I would never make the mistake of trusting anyone.” Dannel glances around the tavern, his wary gaze confirming his words. “I do maintain certain … relationships. But the people in question know little of who I really am and the things I do. I’ve been careful to keep it that way for everybody’s safety — especially mine.”
What is your idea of success? 
“Infiltrating a target group, finding out exactly what I need to know while making them think they’re the ones I’m helping out, and convincing them to pay me for whatever I tell them I’m doing for them. Then simply disappearing afterward; and — depending on the mission — they might never see me again before they feel my dagger between their shoulder blades. And then returning to my grateful employer and getting paid even more to deliver the information I’ve learned, all the while planning the best time to sell him out to his enemies.”
I shudder, resolving to have nothing more to do with Dannel as soon as this interview is over.
What do you hate? 
He doesn’t seem to have heard me, his eyes darting back and forth among the other patrons of the tavern. I resist the urge to glance behind me to see who he’s watching. Finally I realize why he hasn’t answered. Counting the questions remaining on my sheet, I reach into my pocket and hand him eight more coins. He counts them silently before sliding them into his own pocket.
“Stingy employers.”
What do you do in your spare time? 
“Plan out the next job. Design disguises. Keep an eye on people and situations to see how I could use them for profit.”
“Surely you have some hobbies not related to your work,” I press.
Dannel laughs. “You’d never believe me if I told you, so let’s just leave it at that.”
What did you have for breakfast? 
“Today? Venison and fried potatoes at the Alasian army camp. They’ve been on short rations since the Invasion, so there wasn’t much of it. I bought some bread and fruit as soon as I got into Almar.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it. 
“No. Pets mean attachment.”
Do you believe in luck? Why or why not? 
“Of course I do. I make luck. The ingredients are careful preparation and quick thinking.”
What is your favorite scent? Why? 
He considers this for a moment. “Skin paint.”
“Skin paint?” I echo. 
“It’s a handy mixture I designed,” Dannel explains. “I use it to give myself scars or a tan or other features I need for disguises. If I change the proportions a little, it works as hair dye too.” He smiles. “The scent of skin paint is the scent of danger, of excitement, of the thrill of a new mission and profit on the horizon.”
What is the strangest thing you have ever seen? 
“Charity.”
What is the most frightening thing that has ever happened to you? 
Dannel’s eyes grow distant. “It was a long time ago, back near the beginning of my career. I was working for a group of seafaring raiders; you know, the ones who attack coastal towns in those fast little ships, steal what they can, and then disappear among the rocky offshore islands. They were paying me to help identify the best targets. Long story short, the Alasian navy finally caught up with them, and there was a battle off the northwest coast. I was on one of the raiders’ ships at the time; they were outnumbered, and we got boarded. We all jumped overboard and tried to swim for shore, but most of us were caught and hauled on board one of the navy vessels. It was winter, and I was wet and freezing and terrified I’d get killed or stuffed in a prison along with the raiders. I was very young back then,” Dannel explains apologetically. “But I managed to work it out in my favor. I talked the captain into a deal, and ended up trading the location of the raiders’ base for my freedom, a set of dry clothes, and ten gold coins.” He sighs, remembering. “I still regret not demanding twenty.”
I glance down at my list to double-check that that was the last question. “Well, thank you, Dannel. This has been most informative. I appreciate —” Wait. I peer around, my eyes searching the shadows, but his chair is empty. “Dannel?” I twist in my own chair to examine the rest of the tavern, but of course there is no sign of him. I feel my shoulder blades twitch nervously. “Dannel?”





Buy the Book!
Click here to buy In the Enemy’s Service in paperback.
Click here to buy In the Enemy’s Service as an ebook.









PRINCE OF MALORN





About the Story
One major obstacle stands between seventeen-year-old Prince Korram and the throne that is his birthright: Regent Rampus. Temporary ruler of Malorn, Rampus has no intention of giving up his position when the crown prince comes of age – or of allowing the prince to live long enough to reach that age. 
Desperate to build an army of his own to stand against the regent, Korram treks into the Impassable Mountains to try to recruit the one segment of Malornian society not under Rampus’s control. But can he lead a band of untrained hunters and gatherers to victory against the full might of the Malornian military? Or will they all be crushed by the grasping hand of the regent before the prince can claim his rightful throne?





Korram
I have arranged to meet Prince Korram in a grassy meadow on one of the lower slopes of Malorn’s Impassable Mountains. He and another young man, both dressed in deerskin and holding homemade spears, are keeping an eye on a large flock of goats. Korram comes over to talk to me while the goats graze.
How old are you?
“Seventeen and a half.”
What's your favorite food or drink? 
“Now? This might sound odd, but I think my favorite food is roast goat. I never had it back in the palace; actually, the first time I tasted it was just a few days ago, after I returned from a very difficult journey. The Mountain Folk family I’ve been living with killed one of their goats for the celebration feast, which they only do when something truly important happens. It was a great honor, and I think I enjoyed the meal more than any banquet I ever had in the palace. I know I’ll never taste goat again without remembering that sense of accomplishment, as well as the pride the others all felt in me. I was exhausted, bruised, and scraped all over from what I’d been through, but it felt so good to sit with them around the campfire in the open air, licking the grease off our fingers while I told the story of my adventures.”
What makes you angry? 
“Feeling helpless. And talking to Regent Rampus. The two are pretty much the same thing.”
Tell me about your family. 
“Well, Father died four years ago, so there’s just my mother, my little sister, and me. Mother is a strong woman; she could rule the kingdom on her own if it were allowed. She always knows what to do and how to deal with almost any kind of problem; I’ve learned more from her over the years than I ever did from Father. She can be overly controlling, though. I think sometimes she forgets that I’m not a little boy anymore. Even when I’m king, I’m certain she’ll still remind me to comb my hair before I go out and not slouch on my throne. To be honest, it’s been a relief to be off by myself in the mountains these last few months and not have her looking over my shoulder telling me what to do. Of course, I have found myself missing her and wondering how she would suggest dealing with some of the problems I’ve faced.
“My sister Kalendria is eleven; she’s prim and proper and likes her fine clothes and jewelry and for everything to be clean and perfect.” Korram chuckles. “I can’t wait to tell her about some of the things I’ve been through up here. Eating beetle larvae to keep from starving, for example; sleeping on the ground and going weeks without bathing. She’ll be horrified – but at the same time, she loves a good story, so she’ll enjoy the tale. She always enjoys Arden’s stories, especially the ones full of danger and adventure. I can’t picture her ever having an adventure herself, though.
“And Arden. He isn’t technically a member of the family, but he might as well be. He’s been a good friend to all of us, and it’s hard to imagine life without him now. He almost always joins Mother and Kalendria and me when we sit down to discuss what Rampus has been up to or how to make sure we’re safe; and he has very good ideas. There’s something about the way he plays his malute that just makes it easier to think and plan. His music is odd that way – I’ll never understand how it works, but it’s as though he can use it to make people feel certain ways or want to do things that they otherwise wouldn’t. I wish he had come with me up here to the mountains, to be honest; but he’s needed more back in the palace. Who knows what Rampus might be plotting in my absence, and there’s no one else I could trust to look after Mother and Kalendria.” 
What would you change about yourself if you could?
He grins sheepishly. “I’d like to be a little taller. It’s embarrassing for a future king to be half a head shorter than everyone else my age. I’d like to have the kind of imposing stature that inspires admiration and respect in people.”
Do you prefer cities or the countryside? Warm weather or cold?
Looking conflicted, Korram stares out at the snowy peaks that surround us on every side. “I enjoy the mountains now that I’ve learned to survive in them – at least, as long as I can stay down on the lower slopes where it’s reasonably safe. I love looking up and seeing all the rugged peaks and the open sky, and not having people and buildings all around me. But my life has never been about what I prefer. I’ll have to spend almost all my time in the city once I’m king. I must admit that the warmer weather down there will be nice, though. I have no desire to ever weather another blizzard. I’m content to enjoy the snow from a distance now, thank you.”
What do you hope to accomplish, and what keeps you from achieving your goal?
“Well, considering who I am, it’s probably obvious that I hope to become king. Legally I should be able to in a few more months, but Regent Rampus is standing in my way. He’s been ruling Malorn since my father died, and if I know him, he’s going to do anything it takes to stay in charge. That’s why I’m here in the Impassables in the first place. If I can’t recruit my own army, I don’t stand a chance against him.”
I hear that Rampus stopped you right as you were setting out for the mountains. What was that about?
“He wanted to assassinate me. That is, he invited me in for breakfast and to wish me success on my journey, but I know him better than that. He tried to send guards with me, supposedly to protect me on my trip, but I’m certain that the moment we left the city and there were no witnesses, they would have killed me. But of course I had to pretend not to suspect anything, or he would probably have had them turn on me then and there in the inn. But finally I managed to convince him that my mission – which he thinks is to recruit Mountain Folk soldiers for Malorn’s regular army to help protect us against Alasia – wouldn’t work if I brought guards along. He did insist on sending a servant, Trayven, whose real job I think was to guide me to places where assassins would be waiting. But I set my own route and never went any of the ways Trayven suggested, so I’ve managed to stay alive so far. And he’s gone now anyway, so I don’t have to worry about that anymore.”
You’ve been living with the Mountain Folk for quite some time now. Most Malornians would say they’re dangerous; ignorant; dirty savages. What made you decide to seek their help in the first place, and what’s your secret to getting along with them?
“Kalendria would say they’re dirty, that’s for certain; but so am I, now.” Korram gestures at the leather tunic and breeches he’s wearing, stained all over with mud, grass, grease, and what might be hints of blood. He spreads out unwashed hands to show me how grubby they are. “Hot baths and soap don’t exist up here in the Impassables, and there are no servants to do the laundry. Oh, the Mountain Folk do wash their clothes and themselves in the streams now and then, but that isn’t very practical when the weather is this cold – and really, what’s the point? You just get dirty again.” He chuckles. “I suppose my personality is better suited to mountain life than palace life. Not that I would let that keep me from my responsibilities,” he hastens to add. 
“But back to your question. I decided to seek their help because they’re the only segment of Malornian society Rampus doesn’t control in some way. They’re nomadic and they live in an area very hard to access from the Lowlands, so he can’t tax, bribe, threaten, or manipulate them. They don’t live in fear of what he might do if they displease him, and they have nothing to gain by siding with him. Who better to recruit to help me? And as for the ‘secret’, it really isn’t a secret at all. I just had to demonstrate that I respected the Mountain Folk and wasn’t here to take advantage of them as so many Lowlanders try to do. I joined them in their daily tasks and asked them to teach me what they knew. And I’ve come to understand that although their culture is different, they’re no less kind, intelligent, or even civilized – in their own way – than anyone else.”
Finish this sentence: I have never told anyone this before, but….
Korram hesitates. “I feel angry with my father a lot. I know it’s stupid, considering that he’s dead. But back when he was alive, he was always so busy that he never spent much time with me. I’m not saying he should have taken time away from his responsibilities as king, but I wish he had bothered to show me more of how it worked. I mean, my tutors taught me all about the ins and outs of Malornian government, but I didn’t get to see much of it in action. You would think a king would want his only son to see how he rules, but I never got much of that. It wasn’t until after his death that I started attending High Council meetings, for example. I suppose Father probably thought I was too young and that he had the rest of his life to teach me what I needed to know.” Korram’s voice is bitter. “Well, the rest of his life wasn’t very long.”
What is your idea of success?
“If I can convince enough Mountain Folk to join my army, then I’ll be able to stand against Rampus. I’m not sure if that will involve actually fighting him and the regular army, or if simply seeing that I’m protected will be enough to keep him from trying anything. But either way, my first goal is to raise an army, my second is to stay alive until my eighteenth birthday, and my third is to remove Rampus from the picture and become king of Malorn. If I can do all three, I will have succeeded.”
After you become king, do you think you’ll ever return to the mountains?
“I hope so.” But Korram looks sad. “To be honest, though, I doubt it. Oh, maybe a day trip into the foothills now and then, but probably not much more than that. The Impassables are too far from Sazellia, and a king can’t just leave his responsibilities for weeks at a time to go traipsing through the wilderness.” He gazes around at the snow-clad peaks rising above us and sighs. “The mountains will always be part of me now. I’ve changed and learned so much here that leaving the Impassables behind will be like abandoning a piece of myself.”
Have there been any times since you left the city when you were certain things just were not going to turn out right?
“Quite a lot of times.” He grins. “The third night on this trip I just returned from, for example. I hadn’t had much to eat for the last couple of days and I thought I was going to starve – but little did I know I would come much closer to starvation later. There was a terrific thunderstorm that night, and I was drenched to the bone and had nowhere to take shelter. I was cold, hungry, and miserable; I couldn’t sleep and thought I’d never live through the night. But things got better in the morning – and then of course they got worse. Much worse. I nearly died several times: from hypothermia, starvation, dehydration, and between the jaws of bears and a snowcat. But I kept thinking how thrilled Rampus would be if I never returned, and that gave me the strength to keep going. And the good thing is, no matter what hardships I face through the rest of my life, I know they’ll be no match for me now. Not after the difficulties I’ve already conquered. I’ll be a better king someday because of what I’ve been through.”





Lantil
Lantil has invited me into his home, a small wooden cottage in a village nestled in the foothills of the Impassable Mountains, for this interview. His wife serves us coffee in battered tin mugs, and we sit on rough-hewn wooden furniture around the fireplace while I pull out my list of questions.
How would you describe yourself?
He shrugs. “I’m a hard-working man. I know how to cultivate coffee, and I like a good strong mug of it to start the day.” He takes a sip of his. “I love my wife and children, and I think our friends would say I’m a good neighbor.”
What are your hobbies?
“I like to hunt. Lots of animals move down here to the foothills in autumn when it starts getting really cold up on the higher slopes. We get plenty of deer in these parts, especially; in fact, they’re a worse problem for our garden than the Mountain Folk. Sometimes a neighbor and I will take our bows and sit out at night watching for them. My wife makes a real good venison stew, and we smoke the rest of the meat to eat in the winter.”
Do you prefer cities or the countryside? Warm weather or cold?
He scratches his head. “I’ve never been to Sazellia or any other big cities before. I think I’d like it, though. I always enjoy the trips to town when we go sell our coffee. Mountain life is good too, but it has its disadvantages.” A troubled expression crosses his face. “Mountain Folk being one of the main ones, of course, but we sometimes get wolves or bears around here too, then there’s the fact that the nearest town where we can buy supplies is nearly a day’s ride away. And I like warm weather a lot better. Winters are pretty severe up in the mountains. Of course this is just the foothills, but we still get snow every now and then, and the wind blowing off the peaks is colder than anything you can imagine. Besides, when the weather gets cold, the Mountain Folk move to lower elevations.” He shudders. “We do all we can to keep out of their way, but we can’t stop them from coming to us.”
What is the one sentence you would never say?
“I’d never say to those Mountain Folk, ‘Come help yourself to my garden vegetables or fruit without paying for them.’ But they’re always trying to.”
What makes you angry? 
“Being robbed.” He scowls. “My family and I put a lot of work into our garden. Thank goodness the Mountain Folk don’t care for coffee, since that’s our livelihood. But we have a kitchen plot with vegetables and fruit trees that my wife and daughters care for while I’m tending the coffee. We rely on that to get us through the winter, but those thieving Mountain Folk try to take whatever they can get their hands on.”
What do you hope to accomplish, and what stands in your way?
“I hope to continue to provide for my family and save up for my daughters’ futures. I have four beautiful girls, and the oldest will be getting married next year. My wife and I hope to help her and her husband get a good start on a little farm of their own, and we put some money away for the others as well. Our second daughter wants to live in the city someday, which won’t be easy to arrange, but we’re going to try to set up some sort of apprenticeship for her.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it.
“We have a couple of cats that keep the mice at bay in the storage sheds. And now we have a flock of goats.” His face grows troubled again. “They’re not really ours, and it makes me nervous every time I think of their real owners coming back for them. But they provide enough milk that we’ve been able to share with the whole village, and all our neighbors take turns helping to care for them. It’s been wonderful having milk for the children every day, and cream for the coffee.” He takes another sip from his cup.
“Who are their real owners?” I question.
“Well – they’re Mountain Folk. After what happened here last autumn, I figured the least I could do was take care of their goats until they came back for them, but they never did. I keep thinking that someday they will, and I’m afraid they’ll be angry with me for keeping them so long. But I’m ready to give them back any day they ask, truly I am.” 
Have you ever killed anyone? 
He stares at me. “How did you know? We all promised not ever to tell anyone outside the village. I mean, I don’t know if the law really applies when it comes to Mountain Folk, but just in case, we didn’t want the authorities to get word. After all, it was an accident. I never meant to shoot the girl. You don’t know what it’s like having those savages charge at you with their spears brandished; and I have my family to protect, not to mention our home and crops.” 
His voice is anguished now. “But she was somebody’s daughter, and the sight of her lying there – I mean, I don’t know what I would have done if it had been one of my girls who –” He breaks off and turns away with a shudder, biting his lip. “It was the worst moment of my life. I was just trying to scare them away, but then there she was coming at me, and I panicked.” He buries his face in his hands. “Such a horrible memory. I wish every day that I could somehow go back in time and change what happened. I should have just let them take my apples. Of course, then they’d only get bolder and come and steal from us all the more. Still, that would be better than having her death on my conscience.”





Arden
I meet with Arden the minstrel in the cozy sitting room of his little cottage near the edge of the city of Sazellia. He holds a stringed instrument that looks like a cross between a harp and a small guitar, idly stroking the strings and playing random scraps of melody while we talk.
“I’m sorry the furniture is dusty,” he apologizes as I take a seat. “I’m not actually here very often. I have a suite in the palace, and lately it’s been so much more convenient just to stay there almost all the time, what with everything going on.” 
I assure him that I don’t mind a little dust, and I pull out my list of questions.
Tell me about your family. 
“Well, I grew up with my parents and four sisters. They were all quite a bit older than I and weren’t interested in playing with a little boy, so I spent most of my time reading and making up stories. My father served on the king’s palace guard, and I think he had hoped his only son would follow in his footsteps. But I wasn’t the least interested in learning to fight, and I’ve always hated weapons. I still don’t know how to wield a sword – that is, I know just enough to write vivid battle scenes in my songs and stories, but I have no interest in learning the skill myself. Instead, I learned music from my grandfather. He not only played the malute, he made malutes for a living, and as a boy, I loved to spend time in his workshop. I’ve enjoyed music and stories for as long as I can remember, and the malute seemed the perfect way to bring both together.” 
Arden smiles fondly at the instrument on his lap. “Grandfather paid me to help out in his workshop after school, and at first I just ran errands and swept the floor. But gradually he began to teach me how to use his tools – I wasn’t interested in them for their own sake, but I wanted a malute of my own so badly I was willing to do anything to get one. We spent months working on it, a little at a time, and he guided me through every step in the process.” Arden smiles again, remembering. “I learned more patience and attention to detail at that time than ever before or since. Everything had to be perfect. If I made the tiniest mistake that couldn’t be corrected, we threw the piece of wood into the fire and started again. But in the end, my malute was perfect, and it’s lasted me all these years.” He gives the strings an affectionate thrum.
I understand that you knew the late King Kerman back when he was still a prince. How did you meet him?
“I mentioned that my father was a guard. He once saved the king’s life when angry citizens were rioting in protest of a controversial new tax law. Afterward the grateful king told my father to name his reward, and Father asked if his son could be educated in the palace along with the prince. I was thirteen at the time, painfully shy and small for my age. Combine that with my complete lack of skill in mathematics and the sciences, and you can see why school was unpleasant for me in the first place. The thought of switching to a new school, let alone a tiny one where the other pupils would all be royalty or the sons and daughters of nobles, was agonizing. But my parents were determined to seize the opportunity and secure the best possible future for me, and I had no choice.” 
Arden chuckles. “I can still remember how terrified I was that first day, walking into the palace schoolroom where Prince Kerman and five of his noble-blooded peers sat around a massive oak table. They were all around my age, but every one of them was taller than I, and much more intelligent and good looking, at least in my teenage mind. They had known each other all their lives, and I was the newcomer, the odd one out.” 
He pauses, lost in the memory, and his fingers wander over the strings of his malute. The tune he plucks out feels awkward, reluctant, much like the scene he is describing.
“The prince welcomed me courteously,” he goes on, “but at first I was certain they were all laughing at me behind my back. I was so hopelessly far behind the rest of them in so many areas, I’m surprised the teacher put up with my being there at all. Sometimes he assigned us work to do in twos or threes, and no one ever wanted to be partnered with me because they would usually end up having to explain the concepts to me all over again. It didn’t help that I daydreamed in class – there were just so many more exciting places for my mind to be than in that room. But soon I found out I was allowed to visit the palace library, and that made it all bearable. I used to go there every afternoon after lessons were over and read books until my father got off of work. I always brought my malute with me, and if no one else was in the room, I would pull it out and play as I read. I never could hear a good story without imagining how it would sound put to music, so I would make up my own tunes to go with what I was reading. Sometimes I would rewrite a scene in rhyme and turn it into a song. 
“One day in class I was assigned to give a speech about the history of Malorn’s Western Wilderness. I dreaded the thought of standing up and speaking in front of my noble-blooded classmates, but at the same time, history was one subject I excelled in. It’s full of so many interesting stories, and the Western Wilderness has seen far more than its share of battles and noble adventure. My classmates had all been making speeches about the different regions of Malorn over the last few days, and most of them had been dreadfully boring. It was a tragedy, considering that most of the events they described were quite exciting, or they could have been if they had been related properly. 
“So, as nervous as I was about taking my turn, I was determined to do the history of the Western Wilderness justice. The class was surprised when I took out my malute, and I’m certain they had never before heard a speech like the one I gave. I had prepared it in a style that was a mixture of a poem, a story, and a chant, with musical accompaniment. I’d worked hard for several days on the music, creating a tune that was fast-paced in the exciting parts and slow and sad for the scenes when I described death and desolation. I heard some snickers as I began, but it didn’t take long before the class quieted and I had everyone’s full attention. I knew I was doing it right when I heard them gasp at all the right moments and chuckle once or twice where I put in some humor; and I saw tears in a few people’s eyes in the tragic scenes. 
“When I had finished, even the teacher was speechless for a long moment. Then Prince Kerman rose to his feet and began to applaud, and everything changed after that. Nobody laughed behind my back anymore or looked at me as though I didn’t fit in. From that time on, the teacher let me do a good many of my assignments in the form of poetry or songs; I found out years later that the prince took him aside and asked him to. Prince Kerman also requested that I provide part of the musical entertainment at his birthday celebration the next month, and when that went well, my confidence increased immensely. I started getting invited to social events and asked to perform for many of them. The prince loved a good story, and the two of us had a real connection from then on. But more than that, I appreciated his kindness; he was the first person who made me feel that I had actual talent instead of just a hobby that took my attention away from my schoolwork.” 
Arden chuckles. “I’m sure that was a much longer answer than you wanted, but it’s hard for me not to turn everything into a story.”
What is your idea of success?
A dreamy smile crosses the minstrel’s face. “A perfect poem, every word just right, married to the perfect melody. One where every note, every pause, infuses the words with a depth of meaning they never could have achieved on their own. And a rapt audience, breathless, in tears, on the edge of their seats, their minds so intertwined with the song they scarcely know any other reality, the malute strings binding them to the world the instrument and I have created.”
Have you ever been in love? How did that work out? 
Arden doesn’t answer right away. His eyes are distant and his fingers dance softly over the strings of his malute. “It was a long time ago,” he replies finally. “Prince Kerman had begun to show special interest in one of our classmates, Aleris, and romance was developing between several of the others as well. I suppose something was in the air that spring; I fell head over heels in love with a girl who lived in my parents’ neighborhood. Jiana and I had known each other for years, but suddenly everything was different. I composed dozens of romantic poems for her, mostly on the back of my parchment during mathematics lessons, much to the entertainment of my classmates when the teacher confiscated them and read them aloud. She and I were married the day after I finished school.” 
The music he is playing grows dreamier. “We moved into this cottage with the help of money I been earning performing at city and palace events. We were young, and life was perfect. Just perfect. Neither of us had ever imagined it was possible to be so blissfully happy. Looking back, that was by far the most wonderful period of my life, but it didn’t last.” 
His fingers move more slowly, and the tune he is playing grows so sad that I find myself blinking back tears. “Jiana died of a fever less than a year after our wedding. I was devastated; I felt as though my world had ended. I spent most of my days in the graveyard, weeping and composing sad songs. Prince Kerman, who was married by that time too, was concerned about me. He and Aleris regularly sent servants with food and drink and implored me to come in out of the cold as winter tightened its grip on the land and on my broken heart. But nothing could pierce the darkness my soul had fallen into. 
“Finally, after months of solitary grief and desolation, spring spread its warmth across the land. As I huddled in my cloak beside my beloved’s grave, I found the topic of my melodies turning more and more to the new life I saw emerging around me: thirsty flower petals unfolding to sample the dew at dawn, a hard-working robin building its nest in the sunshine, cheerful crickets chirping messages to their friends in the falling dusk. And slowly, my heart began to heal. At last one day when Kerman came in person and begged me to move into a room in the palace, I accepted. He convinced me to start playing for special occasions again, and gradually I found that I could go on with my life. But my heart has never forgotten my first love, my only love.”
What do you do for a living now?
“Words and melodies are still my livelihood as well as the outpouring of my soul. From time to time I perform for events around the city, but I spend most of my days in the palace now. I’ve always written songs for banquets and other notable events, but shortly after Kerman’s father died and he became king, he and I discovered that my music can have a more practical purpose. I would sometimes join him in unofficial meetings or for informal conversations with people, sitting at the hearth or in a corner of the room and trying to make myself as unobtrusive as possible. While the others talked, I would play little tunes that I made up on the spot, much as I’m doing now. But I would tailor my music to the conversation and try to use it to make people do or think certain things. It’s difficult to explain how it works, and to be honest, I don’t fully understand it myself; but let me give you an example. Once a serving girl approached the king and queen to reveal a traitorous conversation that she had overheard between two members of the palace staff. The poor girl was trying to do the right thing, but she was so timid before their majesties that she could hardly speak a word at first. I remembered what that was like, and I played a soothing melody that I knew would have calmed my own quaking heart had I been in her shoes. Sure enough, her confidence grew, and in a few moments she was able to stop trembling and speak clearly about what she had learned. 
“Another time, Kerman told me that he feared a certain messenger had lied to him, but he had no way to prove it. We sent for the man, and the king questioned him again while I played. This time I made the tune a tense one, such as I would have used to make the audience nervous at the point in a ballad where a character was about to land himself in trouble or fall into a trap. Sure enough, the messenger began to stammer and shoot glances around him as though afraid of some danger. As the king’s questions grew more pointed, I poured more emotion into the music, until my own heart was pounding and the very air in the room seemed to throb with tension.”
As Arden speaks, his fingers move more quickly over the strings, and I can feel the tension he is describing growing around us. My own breath starts to come more quickly and a sense of anxiety builds in me as he goes on.
“Well, the man started to stumble over his words and contradict himself, and then finally he broke off, dropped to his knees, and blurted out the truth. As he confessed his lies and begged, in tears, for the king’s mercy and forgiveness, I realized for the first time that music could be a far more powerful tool than any sword.” The tense tune dissolves into a slow and peaceful melody, and my pulse returns to normal as the anxiety fades.
If you could go back in time and change anything, would you? If so, what?
Arden nods soberly, and his music turns more serious. “In hindsight, I believe the royal family and I were naïve. I was never privy to many government matters, except for the kinds of conversations I mentioned when I was asked to play in the background, but I knew that some in the government opposed King Kerman’s decisions. An influential High Councilor named Rampus had begun growing in popularity and causing increasing frustration to the king. When Kerman took ill one day, we all thought he had simply eaten something that disagreed with him. The entire city was shocked when he passed away that same night. Queen Aleris was certain he had been poisoned and that Rampus had something to do with it, but nothing was ever proven. Kerman and Aleris had two children by then: Kalendria was eight and Korram was thirteen. Since the prince was still too young to rule, the High Council voted to make Rampus regent of Malorn until Korram came of age. I can’t see how anyone could have changed what happened, but if I could go back in time, I would do all I could to find a way.” 
How have your job and your relationship with the royal family changed since King Kerman’s death?
“The widowed queen continued to provide me with a salary, and I continued to provide the palace and the royal family with music,” Arden explains. “I became almost like a member of the family to her and her children after Kerman’s death. While Queen Aleris struggled with her own grief and concern for the kingdom, young Kalendria took to sobbing for hours on end while Korram would fly into furious rages. I tried to set my own grief aside as much as I could to help them through theirs, and my music was able to bring some peace to their troubled hearts. But as the years have passed, the family has grown more worried. Rampus’s power has been increasing, and we fear he has no intention of giving it up in a few months when Korram turns eighteen.” 
The malute sounds worried too, anxious notes spilling out into the room. “The trouble is,” Arden continues, “Rampus has his fingers in the military, as well as in every major business and industry in Malorn; and most of the nobility see him as a worthy and capable leader. Our options have grown more limited as the regent has grown more powerful, so we hide our suspicions and pretend to think we are all on the same side, hoping he will see no need to remove anyone else from his way. Of course, there may come a time when we need to speak out against him, and I hope I will have the courage to do so if that time ever comes. But in the meantime, in our long, secret meetings, my malute and I have counseled the royal family as best we could.”
“I hear you have become a trusted advisor,” I say.
“Perhaps, but I often feel inadequate when it comes to knowing the best course of action,” Arden confesses. “When in doubt, however, I simply imagine what I would have my characters do if this were a story. Sometimes that ends up being impractically daring, but often it turns out to be the right move. That’s how I came up with the idea of Korram’s recruiting his own army to protect him from Rampus’s schemes; hence the prince’s current mission in the Impassable Mountains. Korram has always loved adventure stories, and he jumped at the idea.” Arden sighs. “Still, I worry that it will turn out to be one of those unrealistic quests that sound wonderful in a ballad but cannot succeed in real life. I suppose only time will tell.”





Queen Aleris
I meet with Queen Aleris in one of the richly furnished parlors on the second floor of the Malornian royal palace. Servants have brought in wine and a tray of tiny, delicately frosted cakes, and we recline on velvet-cushioned sofas. The queen, resplendent in a scarlet gown, gestures for me to ask the first question.
What makes you happy?
“My children,” the queen replies simply. “Korram and Kalendria are my greatest joys in life. I only wish Kerman could have been here to watch them grow up; he would have been so proud. To be honest, though, he had little enough time for them when he was alive. Ruling a kingdom well takes more time and energy than any one person can really give as it is, and the job doesn’t leave much time for family. That’s the way it was with his father as well. I know Kerman meant to spend more time with Korram when our son grew older, to start preparing him for the responsibilities of leadership, but that time never came.” She sighs. “One never knows how much time one has left until it’s gone. But Arden has been a mentor and role model to my son in recent years, and I’m thankful for that.”
What object would you save if your home was on fire?
“Korram’s crown – that is, the crown that will be his in a few months. It belonged to my late husband, King Kerman, and to Malornian kings before that for generations beyond count. Regent Rampus is determined to get his hands on it, but I’m just as determined that he will not steal what rightfully belongs to my son.” She smiles. “Ironically, Korram hates gold and jewels. He will be one of those kings who wears the crown only on formal occasions, and even then, perhaps only when I remind him. Still, it will be enough to know that it’s his.” 
Have you ever been in love? How did that work out? 
She smiles again, sadly this time. “Kerman was the first and only person I ever gave my heart to, though it happened gradually. My parents were courtiers, and I was educated in the palace along with Prince Kerman and other noble-blooded children. The prince and I had danced together at balls a few times, and I saw him regularly at royal functions. Once he had even asked me to go out riding with him, and we both enjoyed that. I was beginning to suspect he had feelings for me, but I must admit I was quite surprised and flattered when my parents took me aside one day and told me that his royal highness had spoken to them requesting my hand in marriage. Our first few years together were challenging; he was always busy, and there’s more to building a solid marriage than saying “I do” to a handsome prince. Things only grew more difficult after his father died and he was crowned king. But as the years went by we grew to love each other more and more. Kerman’s death was just over four years ago now, and I still miss him.”
Describe the view from your bedroom window.
“From out on my balcony, I can see nearly the whole back lawn and garden. It’s a lovely view, especially in spring when the grass is bright green and all the flowers are blooming. There are dozens of varieties, and I enjoy them all, but my favorites are the purple irises by the pond. We have a large, winding pond full of brightly colored fish and water lilies, with willows bending over it from the bank and a little arched bridge over the narrowest part. There are fruit trees and winding paths all through the garden, with marble sculptures and carved stone benches scattered here and there. Arden likes to sit out under the apricot tree and practice new songs on his malute. When the breeze is right, I can hear it from my balcony, and sometimes I sit out there in the evenings to listen. Beyond the garden, the stone wall is covered with climbing morning glories in six different colors; those are Kalendria’s favorites. And beyond that, the city of Sazellia stretches for as far as I can see from the third floor.”
What is your greatest fear?
She turns to gaze out the window in silence for a moment. “That Korram will not live long enough to rule Malorn,” she replies finally, her voice low. “His eighteenth birthday, the day of his coronation, is just a few months away. If the regent means to try anything – and we are certain he does – he will doubtless make his move before then. That’s why Korram has taken on this mission in the Impassable Mountains. We feel it’s his only hope of survival against Rampus’s schemes. Of course, Rampus hopes he will never return, and I fear that as well. The mountains are a dangerous place. But at the moment I believe the capital would be more dangerous for Korram.”
How did you feel when Korram left for the Impassables?
She laughs. “Terrified, of course. And proud – so proud. My only son, still a boy, voluntarily stepping out into danger and the unknown to attempt a difficult mission for the good of the kingdom. And to ensure his own survival. Kalendria and I were afraid we would never see him again.” The laughter goes out of her eyes. “We still are, to be honest. But we heard from him last month. A messenger arrived from a small town in the foothills and said Korram had been seen there recently. Apparently he said to tell Kalendria and me that he’s all right and will see us soon. When ‘soon’ is, though, who knows? And there was no word as to how his mission was progressing. I suspect he was being purposely vague, knowing that Rampus was likely to hear of anything he said.”
What would you say Korram’s best and worst traits are?
“My son is stubborn. That can be good and bad, but it has led to perseverance and great determination. He never gives up when there’s something he really wants, and that helps me believe he will succeed in this mission. No matter the obstacles, he always seems to find a way. And he’s headstrong, which goes with the stubbornness. He doesn’t always heed advice or the wisdom of others when he’s set his mind to something. He’s bold – that can be a fault as well; I’ve had to caution him to be careful in what he says to Rampus. It doesn’t do to let one’s enemy know you suspect him before you are in a position to do anything about it, after all. But that boldness is what gives Korram the courage to do things like set out into the wilderness to confidently attempt what most people would say is impossible. And Korram is open-minded, refusing to accept that things have to be the way they have always been. For example, most of our people see the Mountain Folk as danger and inconvenience; he sees them as potential. But he is impulsive and doesn’t always think before he speaks or acts. And he doesn’t like crowds or attention or etiquette or formal events – all inescapable parts of life for royalty. His patience in dealing with them is sometimes less than princely.”
What would you say Kalendria’s best and worst traits are?
“My daughter is compassionate and understanding, quick to sympathize with others and stand up for them. She’s creative and imaginative, and she loves animals and has a way with them. She has a good eye for color and fashion, but I fear she takes it too far sometimes. Yes, a princess should be fashionable, but if Kalendria put half the focus into her studies that she does into her wardrobe and hair, she would be the best educated young lady in Sazellia. Still, she applies herself well when she chooses to, and she knows far more about the workings of the government than I did when I was eleven. And she’s determined too, persevering to reach her goals even when things are hard.”
Finish this sentence: I have never told anyone this before, but….
If I’m not mistaken, I see a blush rise to the queen’s cheeks. “Don’t tell him I said this, but I could fall in love with Arden if I let myself. I won’t, of course. It would never do. The widowed queen, falling for the court minstrel? Still, he has been my family’s most loyal friend, not to mention an invaluable adviser to both Kerman and Korram. And he will make some woman very happy if he can ever tear himself away from his music long enough to give his heart away again.”
What’s been your favorite travel destination?
“I’ve always enjoyed visiting Alasia. I fear that sounds a little disloyal, coming from a Malornian queen, but I like to see new places. Apart from the Impassable Mountains, Alasia is the one destination we really can’t get to easily from here, not to mention all the possible political problems that could arise from attempting more frequent visits. And so I’ve only been twice: once to attend their previous king’s funeral – that was the year after Kerman and I were married – and once for the current king and queen’s wedding. Their royal family came here for our wedding, too, and for Kerman’s funeral. If that rickety little ferry across the Grenn were safer and more practical, perhaps we could visit each other’s kingdoms more often and conduct trade on a larger scale. But lately there have been rumors of trouble brewing across the border, and some say we are in danger from our northern neighbors. I think it’s a lie Rampus made up, though his motives aren’t clear yet. Still, it’s one more reason to stay on our side of the Grenn until it’s clear what’s going on. So, I fear Alasia and Malorn are likely to remain distantly cordial neighbors for the foreseeable future.”





Trayven
I meet Trayven in the tiny room in the inn where he has been staying in the Malornian town of Daveen. He offers me a seat in the chair at the rickety wooden desk, and he sits down on the bed under the window. I pull out my list of questions.
Do you prefer cities or the countryside? 
“Cities, definitely. I hate wilderness life; always have.”
What wilderness experience have you had?
“I was born in a village in the foothills of the Impassables.” He lowers his gaze as though ashamed to admit it. “I lived there till I was fifteen, and then finally I couldn’t take it any longer and ran away to the capital.” 
What is the one sentence you would never say?
He scowls. “I volunteer to attend the prince on his futile trek through the wilderness and report back about his every move.” His voice is mocking. “Of course, it made no difference in the end whether I volunteered or not.”
What makes you angry? 
“Being used.” He sighs and picks at the woolen blanket on the neatly made bed. “That’s the dangerous thing about working in the palace. You’re basically giving Regent Rampus access to your life, to use it for whatever he wants. It pays well, though, and if you’re lucky you might never have to do anything but your actual job. But you never know if you’ll someday be ordered to do something else, and it doesn’t matter how you feel about it. You’d better do it well, or you may not live to regret it.” 
What do you do for a living, and why did you choose this career? Do you like your job? Why or why not?
“I’m a servant in the palace in Sazellia, or at least, I was until the incident with the prince. I don’t really know if I still have my job now or not, and I don’t think I want it if I do.” He looks worried. “When I ran away to the city, I first found work in an inn a lot like this one. Cleaning the rooms, serving food in the dining hall, that sort of thing. Did that for six years and was pretty happy with my life. Nothing glamorous, but I was in the city, and that’s what I’d always wanted. Lots to see and do, new people to meet all the time, it didn’t get as cold in the winter, and you never had to worry about Mountain Folk. I should have just stuck with that, but I met a girl who worked as a maid in the palace, and she told me stories about how grand it was. I heard they had some positions open, so I went and applied, and next thing I knew they had hired me. I worked there as a servant for twelve years, and at first I liked it a lot. But then King Kerman died, and things started to change. High Councilor Rampus became Regent Rampus, and he was stricter than the king had been. Bad things happened to people who made mistakes or didn’t do their jobs right. Not just their pay getting docked the way it used to be. The regent would give them strange and dangerous things to do. I don’t know most of the details because nobody ever wanted to talk about it, but you’d see how worried they were, and sometimes they’d be gone on errands for days or even weeks. And it wasn’t just us servants, either. It was the same with guards and high councilors and nobles. It started gradually, but after a few years with the regent in charge, everyone was afraid to cross him. A few people tried, but then their family members died, or their businesses failed, or now and then they’d just disappear. But as long as you did what you were told, things went well for you, so I didn’t worry. At least, not until recently.” He sighs.
Where do you live? Is it the best place for you? 
“Right now?” He gestures around at the little room with its bed, desk, chair, and closet. “I’ve been living here for the last few weeks, in between expeditions to the foothills. It isn’t much of a home, but at least I’m alive and have a roof over my head. I hate the camping I have to do on each trip, but it’s nice to know I’ve got some place to come back to. I hope when this is all over I can go home to Sazellia again, but it depends on whether I find what the regent wants and he forgives me. I’m sure I’ll have to look for another job, but at this point, I’ll be content just to keep my life.” He shivers and pulls his cloak tighter around himself.
What is your most embarrassing memory? 
Trayven’s face turns red before he can even reply. “It was about four months ago. There was a banquet at the palace, and I was serving wine to the guests after the meal. Everyone was listening to the minstrel as he sang one of those historical ballads he’s always coming up with; it was quite exciting, and I couldn’t help listening too as I went around with my tray of wine goblets. I should have been paying better attention to what I was doing, but when that minstrel sings, it’s as though there’s a magic spell in the room. If you’ve ever heard him, you’ll know what it was like. But the spell broke pretty fast, let me tell you, when I fumbled with my tray right as I was serving the regent, and the whole thing slipped out of my hands.” He shudders at the memory. “Eight silver goblets hit the floor with the loudest crash you’ve ever heard, and wine splashed all over him and me and everyone else sitting close by. I wished the floor itself had shattered so I could just dive into a hole and let it swallow me up. I’ve never felt so humiliated in my life – or so terrified. I was sure the regent was going to have my head then and there. You should have seen his expression.” Trayven shudders again. “But that isn’t his way. He had my job switched so I was emptying chamber pots and scrubbing latrines after that. And then when Prince Korram announced this plan of his, of course I was the one who got picked to go with him. I suppose the regent must have asked around and found out that I grew up in the foothills and knew about wilderness living, so it made sense, but I know it was his way of getting back at me.”
What’s the meanest thing you’ve ever done to someone? 
Trayven is instantly defensive. “I didn’t do it to be mean. If Prince Korram hadn’t sent me away, I never would have. But how was I supposed to go back to Regent Rampus without him? Did he think I could just return and tell the regent I’d failed in the task he assigned me? He would have had me executed for certain! I tried to explain that to the prince, but he wouldn’t listen. He didn’t want me around any longer, probably because he had plans of his own up there in the mountains that were different than he’d told people, and he didn’t want anyone finding out. So all I could think to do was to go hide somewhere, start a new life in another part of Malorn where the regent wouldn’t find me. And for that I needed money.” He glares at me as though I’ve accused him of something. “I had no choice!” He thumps his fist against the pillow. “But how was I supposed to know that Dannel fellow would find out and come after me for it? And now the regent’s going to have me executed anyway, unless I succeed in my new mission.”
What was it like spending those weeks with Prince Korram in the wilderness?
“I hated it, mostly. I mean, being with the prince was all right. He’s the quiet sort, which is what I prefer. He doesn’t make pointless conversation for the sake of hearing himself talk, the way some people do. And he learns fast. I figured I was going to have to wait on him hand and foot, but he wanted me to teach him everything I knew about wilderness survival, and as soon as he’d learned, he did his share. Hunting, fishing, lighting a fire, finding the spots that made the best campsites, even loading the mules. It was as though he couldn’t wait to get out of the palace and try life in the wilderness, just the opposite of me. He loved sitting by the campfire at night roasting meat on a spit, and all I wanted to do was get home to where I could sleep in a real bed and buy a supper I didn’t have to catch and skin myself. Worst of all, he wanted to find some of those Mountain Folk. The boy had some crazy idea he could get them to help him, but anyone who’s grown up in the foothills knows those savages don’t help anyone but themselves. And then when we actually found some, he insisted on camping close by and spending every day with them, talking to them, trying to get to know them.” Trayven’s voice is filled with disgust. “They’re filthy and ignorant and they smell as bad as their goats. When I was a boy we always had to watch out for them, especially in winter when they come down low to escape the snow on the higher peaks. They would steal crops and eggs from our chickens, and then either run away like the cowards they are or threaten us with their spears if we tried to stop them. I hate those vermin! The whole time the prince and I were camped by them, I always felt as though they were watching me. As worried as I was when Prince Korram sent me away, in some ways it was a relief to leave.”
What is your political leaning?
“Oh, politics don’t matter much to me. Prince Korram’s a decent person, but he’s young and inexperienced and probably won’t make much of a king. Regent Rampus is smart and always knows what he’s doing, but he’s dangerous and cruel and I don’t know what kind of king he’d be either.” Trayven glances over at me worriedly. “You won’t tell him I said that, will you?” I assure him I won’t. “So personally, I don’t care, as long as I can stay out of both of their ways. I suppose they probably both want my head now. Fortunately, only one of them is likely to live past the next few months, and then things will be a little simpler.”
What is your greatest fear?
“That I won’t find what I’m looking for. I’m afraid all the time; I hardly sleep at night. But if Dannel is right, I can redeem myself for what I did – as long as I succeed now. I just hope he is telling the truth and the regent will forgive me. It’s my only chance.”





Ernth
I have arranged to meet Ernth by a stream in the foothills of the Impassable Mountains. When I arrive, he is spearfishing from the bank, a small pile of fish on the grass behind him. A bay horse grazes nearby. He joins me on a log and I pull out my list of questions.
Do you prefer cities or the countryside? Warm weather or cold?
Ernth adjusts the belt of his deerskin tunic. “The countryside, of course. Who wouldn’t like it here? I hate cities. And I prefer warm weather, because the colder it is, the lower in the foothills we have to travel, and that means we encounter more Lowlanders.”
How would you most like to spend a day off?
“Off?” He doesn’t seem to understand the question.
“A day when you can do anything you choose,” I clarify.
“Oh.” He glances at the horse grazing a few yards away. “I’d like to go off riding with just my cousin Thorst. We could hunt deer or race our horses across the slopes.”
What object would you save if your home was on fire?
“You mean my tent? Well, if I didn’t have it on already, I’d save my jacket that I made from snowcat skin. Oh, and my necklace with the snowcat teeth.” 
What is the one sentence you would never say?
He considers. “I can’t wait to go to the Lowlands!” His voice is scornful.
What makes you angry? 
“When Lowlanders cheat us or take advantage of us because we don’t understand their ways.”
What's your favorite food? 
“I love roast goat! It’s all the more special because we usually have it to celebrate something important, like when someone in the family gets Accepted.”
What do you think of Lowlander food?
He makes a face. “It’s disgusting. Well, most of it. They have a long orange vegetable that isn’t bad, and sometimes they serve something fruity after the meal; I like that. But the only really good thing about eating in the Lowlands is coffee. It’s an ugly-looking black liquid that you have to mix with lots of milky stuff – it looks like goat milk but it’s not the same – and then you put in a little pile of sweet powder. After that it’s delicious. It’s the only thing about Lowland life that’s better than what we have in the mountains.”
Did you ever have a pet? Describe it.
“Well, my family keeps goats, of course, for their milk and meat. And there’s my horse.” He smiles in the horse’s direction. “Her name is Hungry, and she’s as close to me as a family member. I went through the Rite of Acceptance and nearly died to get her, but it was worth it.” As though she understands, the horse ambles closer and nuzzles him, and Ernth reaches up to stroke her neck. It’s obvious the two of them share a special bond.
What did you have for breakfast?
“Lumjum cakes with berries, and goat milk, of course.”
What is the strangest thing you’ve ever seen?
He chuckles. “Korram toppling over the edge of a waterfall with a snowcat in his arms. Of course, since I was directly underneath, I wasn’t exactly laughing at the time. But it turned out all right, and that’s how we both got our jackets and necklaces.”
Have you ever been in love? How did that work out? 
Ernth scowls, and when he answers, his voice is low. “It was almost two years ago. Her name was Jenth. She was murdered by Lowlanders. Why do you think I hate them so much?” He looks away, but when he finally meets my gaze again, he sighs. “Actually, we found out not long ago that it was an accident, a misunderstanding. The man who did it said he was sorry and gave us gifts of food, and my whole family has agreed to go back to his village to trade whenever we’re in the area. I suppose that’s a good thing.” He fiddles with the shaft of his spear. “But how am I supposed to change the way I’ve felt about them for so long?”
How many siblings do you have? Are they older or younger?
“I have one older sister, Charr. She’s married and has two young children. Her husband Thont is a good friend of mine, and they live in our family group this year.”
What were some things you liked to do when you were a child?
He smiles. “My cousins and friends and I used to pretend we were on the Rite of Acceptance. We would make up situations for each other, like, ‘You haven’t eaten in two days, you just found a patch of berries, and there’s a hungry bear between you and them. What do you do?’ Then we’d act out the situation and try to impress each other with how we’d solve the problem. Sometimes it turned into a contest to see who could come up with the funniest solution.”
Of what are you proudest?
“Of succeeding in the Rite of Acceptance and earning my horse.”
Have you ever killed anyone? 
“No. But supposedly we might have to when we all go to the Lowlands in this army of Korram’s.”
Do you have any scars?
Ernth pulls up the sleeve of his tunic to reveal a faint mark running straight across the side of his right shoulder. “I got this the day Jenth was killed. One of the Lowlander’s arrows grazed me as we were trying to get away.” He pulls up his other sleeve, and he grins as he shows me his next scar. “And this is my horse mark.” Sure enough, the mark – which appears to be a burn – is shaped roughly like a horse. “It’s the proof that I’ve been Accepted. The best pain I ever felt!”
What do you hope to accomplish, and what stands in your way?
“I just want to live out my life here in the mountains with everything the same as it’s always been. I don’t dream of anything more than that. But ever since Korram showed up with his complicated plans and his need for an army, nothing’s been the same. And now that I owe him a life debt, I have to go back with him to the Lowlands until I can fulfill it. But as soon as I can, I’m coming back home to the mountains, and then I hope I’ll never have to leave again.”





Jeskie
I meet Jeskie, a young freckle-faced boy who looks about eleven, at a quiet table in a tavern. The lunch rush is over but it’s too early for dinner, and we’re the only guests in there at the moment.
He grins at me from his seat. “You said you had some questions for me. How about buyin’ me some coffee and a fruit pastry, and then I’ll answer ’em.” He waves the tavern keeper over before I can reply.
“Why not?” I place his order and then pull out my list of questions.
How would you describe yourself?
He considers this. “I’m smart. I know a lotta people. Actually, I make sure on purpose that I get to know all different kinds o’ people all over Sazellia in all different trades. I can make them like me, and I learn fast and know how to earn money doin’ all sorts of different things. I’m good at listenin’ to people talk and not even hardly lettin’ ’em notice me, and I know ways to use the things I hear. I know where it’s safe to spend the night, and where not to go alone after dark. I can survive on the streets where most people can’t.”
Where do you live?
“All over Sazellia. Most o’ the people I work for will let me stay the night when I’m done, and if not, I know places here and there in the city where no one’ll bother me. When it’s cold or rainy, there’s a couple people I can go to who’ll always let me sleep on their sofa.” 
Bertam, the tavern keeper, appears with the dessert and coffee. Jeskie seizes a fork and digs in with relish as I go on to the next question.
What makes you angry? 
“I don’t get angry all that often. But when I do, I s’pose it’s usually because someone’s been treatin’ me as though I don’t know anythin’ or can’t do much. I’m as capable as most grown people. I work here at Bertam’s tavern sometimes, in the kitchen and serving food both, as well as cleanin’ up at the end of the evenin’, and he says he don’t know what he’d do without me on busy days. And it’s the same thing all over. I work for people all over Sazellia in ’most every trade, and they can all tell you I learn quick and do a good job.” He grins. “It’s nice havin’ lots of choices. If I don’t feel like servin’ ale, I can go polish boots or sweep floors or cut wood or muck out stalls.”
Tell me about your family.
“I don’t have a family,” he says matter-of-factly with his mouth full. “My mother died when I was little, and I don’t remember my father. But I’ve got lotsa friends, and that’s just as good.” He takes a sip of coffee to wash down his bite. “It’s fun bein’ free to go where I want and do what I like, and when I need somethin’ or get in trouble there are people like Bertam here who will help me.”
You helped out in a military training camp recently. What was that like?
“That was fun.” Jeskie takes a sip of his coffee. “Fun but busy. I liked watchin’ the soldiers practice with their spears, even though they never let me join in. Sometimes I would grab an extra spear and try the moves by myself over behind the wagon. In the evenin’ I got to sit with them by their campfires and listen to them tell stories, and that was fun too. But the part I didn’t like was that I couldn’t just go where I wanted and decide what kinda work I felt like doin’ each day, like I do here. I had to stay around camp except when I was goin’ on errands. Sarge sent me out with the wagon a lot to get supplies. We used to buy some here in Sazellia at first, but then they decided it would be safer not to come here, just in case, you know? So I went back and forth to lotsa little villages and farms all around that part of the foothills. I never spent so much time on the road before, specially by myself. It was kinda fun seein’ all those places, but I like the city better.”
If someone were to offer you any gift you wanted, what would you ask for?
“That’s another easy one.” He sips from his mug again, grinning. “A spear. A few months ago I woulda said a sword, but now I know spears are better. They’re longer, and you can jab your enemy with ’em before he’s close enough to use his sword on you. The Mountain Folk are better with their spears than anyone I’ve ever seen, but I know I could get good too if I had one o’ my own to practice with all the time.”
You were seen with Prince Korram at this very tavern recently. Did it surprise you when he showed up here?
“It certainly did.” Jeskie laughs. “You don't expect to see royalty in a place like this, specially after he'd been outta town so long.  I was helpin’ out here for the evenin’, and when I came out to see what the guests who had just sat down wanted, I realized one of them was the prince. He wasn't dressed like it, but he was wearin’ a ring with the Malornian royal crest, you see, just like the big one painted on the side of the queen’s carriage. But he looked like he didn’t wanna be recognized, so I thought I shouldn’t say anythin’. It was fun talkin’ to him, though, knowin’ who he was and knowin’ that no one else at the table knew, and that he didn’t know I knew. And it was fun meetin’ his two Mountain Folk friends. You could tell they weren’t from around here just by the way they stared at everythin’. And the way they ate!” He laughs again, remembering. “I live mostly on the streets, and even I’ve got better table manners than them. ’Course, now I know that’s ’cause their people usually eat sittin’ round a campfire, and they don’t use dishes up in the Impassables. Still, it was pretty funny watchin’ them that evenin’.”
Finish this sentence: I have never told anyone this before, but….
“That’s easy,” he exclaims, downing the last of his coffee in one long draft. “I hope there will be a war with Alasia like people are sayin’ there might be. Wars are so excitin’, and nothin’ much excitin’ ever happens around here. If a war does start, I’m gonna find a way to go join in. I know some soldiers over at the barracks. I’m sure I can get them to let me tag along.” He stuffs another bite of pastry into his mouth.
Do you know how to fight?
“Well, not exactly. I mean, I can use my fists, but no one’s ever let me train with a sword or anythin’. But I've seen soldiers practice with swords and with spears, and like I said, I've tried the spear moves myself a bit.  It can’t be that hard, and in a battle I’m sure you can find lotsa dropped weapons, so I know I’ll manage. I’ve always wanted to be a hero, and that’s definitely the best way!”





Sergeant Sanjik
I meet Sergeant Sanjik on a hillside just out of sight of the Mountain Folk army camp, and we sit down on a pair of boulders to talk. Snow robes the nearby mountain peaks, and although none has fallen at this elevation, the winter breeze makes us shiver. 
“I’m sorry we have to meet here,” Sanjik apologizes, wrapping his coat more tightly around himself, “but for security reasons no visitors are allowed in the camp.”
I assure him I understand and pull out my list of questions.
How would you most like to spend a day off?
“With my family. I have a wife and two young children, whom I haven’t seen since I came up here last month. I miss them, but it will most likely be weeks until I see them again – months, even, perhaps. Of course, depending on how things turn out, I might very well not return alive; and if we don’t defeat Rampus, my life won’t be worth much even if I survive the battle. That worries me for my family’s sake more than my own. I would hate to see my son and my little daughter grow up without their father, but unfortunately that’s the way it sometimes happens in war.”
What motivates you?
“The prince’s safety. I had a lot of respect for his father, the late King Kerman, and I’ve always wondered if I could somehow have prevented his death. It’s worried me to see the way Regent Rampus has been gaining power, and I’m certain Prince Korram is next on his list of people to eliminate. As a palace guard, it would be my responsibility to protect him in any case. But now that the prince has given me the charge of training his personal troops, I have the even greater responsibility of helping him gain victory over the regent.”
How many siblings do you have? Are they older or younger?
“I have a brother and two sisters, all older. We got along all right, though I was so much younger than any of them that we never really played together. My brother Ebbrem is fourteen years my elder. He was always at the top of his class at school and better than anyone else at everything he did – or at least that’s the way it appeared to me as a child. I looked up to him, but at the same time, I resented the fact that everyone expected me to look up to him, to try to model my life after his. And so I purposely did things my own way and chose not to follow in his footsteps. We both liked sword fighting, for example, but rather than use his old weapon, I saved up to buy my own and had it made in a slightly different style. I arranged to take lessons from a family friend instead of letting him teach me. I was interested in being a soldier, but after he joined the military, I made up my mind that I never would. So I ended up on the palace guard instead, and I’ve been quite content there for over a decade. 
Sanjik chuckles. “Look at me now, though. Here I am in a position I never dreamed of: in command of Prince Korram’s private army. My title hasn’t officially changed, but in a way, I’m serving as a general. Ebbrem doesn’t know about any of this yet, but I can imagine his surprise if he were to find out that for all practical purposes, I outrank him.”
What is your greatest fear?
Sanjik turns sober again. “I’d never actually trained anyone until the prince gave me this mission – not from scratch, anyway. I mean, I’ve helped lead training exercises for the newly recruited guards, but that’s not the same. They come in knowing how to fight already, and many of them have been in the military. Anyway, it’s the captain’s job to really get them in shape and make sure they know the ropes. Here, I’m the ranking officer, and everything about the soldiers’ training is my responsibility. I keep thinking how much better Ebbrem would be at this and trying to remember what I’ve heard from him about training soldiers. I’m doing my best, but I’m constantly worried that it won’t be good enough. If and when these men and women meet up with Rampus’s troops, then we’ll find out whether my training has been sufficient. I try not to let the soldiers see, but I’m worried that it will all have been for nothing and we’ll just be slaughtered.” He sighs, staring up the slope toward where I know his soldiers are camped. “And I worry that we’ll have to fight against my brother. He’s loyal to Prince Korram and won’t knowingly turn against him, but if I know the regent, he’ll make sure none of the soldiers realize who they’re really fighting against until it’s too late.”
What do you imagine your brother would think of the job you’ve done training Prince Korram’s army?
Sanjik grins. “I’d like to think he’d be proud of me, but probably his first reaction would be to laugh. I haven’t exactly followed any normal training procedures, because the Mountain Folk are so different from Lowlanders. Besides, we don’t have the same resources up here. There are no uniforms, for example, and I don’t suppose anyone could get the Mountain Folk to wear them even if there were. I don’t have a trumpet or a trumpeter to play it, so I use a homemade whistle and a series of codes that I made up. And we don’t have swords, so we’re using their traditional weapons, spears. I first had to get them to teach me to use one myself, and then I had to think up combat techniques and names for them. It wasn’t easy to teach these things to people from a peaceful culture who use their weapons mainly as tools to fish or herd goats. Most of them had never fought against another person before, except perhaps with their fists. The whole idea of being soldiers was foreign to them – I mean, they had no concept of marching and no clue what it means to stay in formation or stand at attention. At first they resented being required to do things so contrary to their culture, especially by an outsider. But they’ve accepted me now and are a lot better at following orders. Still, I daresay this is the most unusual army Malorn has ever seen.” 
What annoys you the most?
“Being compared to my brother. I’ve chosen my own path in life, and though some would say he’s more successful than I, I wouldn’t trade our positions if I had the choice. No, I don’t wish I were in the army. No, I don’t regret not having been promoted as quickly or frequently as he has been. No, I don’t wish I had as many medals as he’s earned. No, I’m not jealous of the fact that he’s a captain and I’m only a sergeant. Things work differently in the palace, and I’m content with the life I have.”
How is it that you’ve been able to get along with the Mountain Folk when so many people look down on them and claim that they’re vicious, uncivilized brutes?
Sanjik laughs. “Those who claim that have certainly never known any personally. For one thing, they’re definitely not vicious. They’d be a lot easier to train into soldiers if they were! And they may be uncivilized, at least by our standards, but they aren’t brutes by any means. Now that I’ve gotten to know them, I can tell you that they have every bit as much intelligence, creativity, and compassion, and just as good a sense of humor, as the average Lowlander. And when it comes to loyalty and determination, I think most of them are ahead of us. The thing is, not many Malornians down in the city really know much about them, because the Mountain Folk seldom leave the Impassables. So all we hear in Sazellia are stories from farmers in the foothills, and we’re only getting one side of those stories. It’s true that the Mountain Folk steal crops, for example, but they don’t think of it as stealing, just picking what they find available. And I’ve heard stories from them about farmers stealing their goats and horses, cheating them in trade, injuring and sometimes even killing them. So, of course the Mountain Folk resent our people and are less than friendly toward us! The problem doesn’t lie with the Mountain Folk themselves as much as it does in the misunderstandings between our culture and theirs. Prince Korram realizes that, and he is determined to change things on both sides once he takes the throne. Assuming his army and I can help keep him alive long enough to do it, of course.”





Buy the Book!
Click here to buy Prince of Malorn in paperback.
Click here to buy Prince of Malorn as an ebook.





About the Author
Annie Douglass Lima spent most of her childhood in Kenya and later graduated from Biola University in Southern California. She and her husband Floyd currently live in Taiwan, where she teaches fifth grade at Morrison Academy. She has been writing poetry, short stories, and novels since her childhood, and to date has published eight books (four in the Annals of Alasia, one puppet script, and three anthologies of her students’ poetry). Besides writing, her hobbies include reading (especially fantasy and science fiction), scrapbooking, and international travel.





Connect with Me Online
Facebook
Prince of Alasia on Facebook
Smashwords
Goodreads
Blog
Twitter
Email: AnnieDouglassLima@gmail.com
Sign up for my mailing list so I can let you know when King of Malorn, the next book in the Annals of Alasia, is available!
