
The Avocadonine and Spring Stone

Published by Patrick Barnes at Kindle Direct Publishing

Copyright
2014 Patrick Barnes

Chapter 1

What is the first name of the horticulturist who named the Hass Avocado?
Rey Naresh felt his body tremor as he inhaled.  Was the basement cold?  
The new principal, Claudette Laurie, was going to announce the answers to the survey at the assembly for the entire ninth grade.  Rey had answered the first six questions satisfactorily.  But his chances of answering this one were less than winning the Russian lottery.  He tapped the pencil against the desk.  After staring at the last question on the survey for a minute more, he decided to leave the answer blank.  Since when did incoming ninth graders have to take a survey?  He slid the survey into an envelope addressed to Pemota Regional High School, mailed it, and walked to the soccer field to see Jet Mead, who always inspired him with his knowledge about girls.

Two Years Ago

It was shortly before midnight on Labor Day that three bicycles sent gravel flying as they skidded to a stop in front of Stella’s.  Stella’s was a popular store in Pemota that specialized in selling avocado products, everything from avocado dip to avocado lime salad.  The bikes belonged to seventh graders Huxley Core, Der Kath, and Joe Chen.  Der was riding Huxley’s sister’s old bike, which had tremendously embarrassing pink streamers coming from the handle bars.  Joe refused to look at Huxley and Der, his gaze on the forest and empty pastures.  He was not happy they had undertaken this late-night adventure.
Stella's was named after proprietor Craig Hawk’s wife.  The avocado orchard in back grew many varieties of avocados, including Hass, Bacon, Reed, Pinkerton, and Fuerte.  Der was looking at Stella's, his eyes wistful, and his thick lips in a perpetual pout.  Der and Huxley both knew one comment could stir Joe's depressive malaise into irritation or even anger.  Huxley and Der had spent the afternoon at the Taste of Pemota, a local fair where restaurants and companies sold food and beverage at discounted prices.  Huxley and Der had tried a drink called Hochus Mochus and could not stop talking about how gross it was.  Der had said that he wanted to get an avocado from Stella’s even though it was midnight.  To Joe, they seemed to be under some spell.  
Huxley gestured toward the full moon, “Looney's are out tonight.”
“Yeah,” Joe responded, “This is crazy.”
“Joe, we're just gonna take a few.  You remember the golf cart don't you?”  Huxley asked.
Huxley, Der, and Joe visited Sunshine Plains Golf Course and drove a golf cart around the course.  It was Huxley’s idea to steal a key to one of the golf carts from behind the desk when the clerks back was turned checking to see if they had any Calloway golf balls.  They drove the cart through the woods behind the golf course, and onto the deserted dirt roads of South Pemota, racing it around Larks Pond after school for a few days.  They dented it up and pushed it into the lake.  It was found a month later by some kids who were snorkeling, and reported their find to Sunshine Plains.  
Marv Core, Huxley’s Chief of Police father, made sure no charges were brought against the boys.  Marv could often be seen standing between the two big blue lit globes in front of the Pemota Police Station introducing himself to people and conversing with dozens of acquaintances.  He would brag about Huxley often.  “My boy,” he would say, “straight A’s on his report card.”  Nonetheless, Marv and Huxley were haunted by the murder of Huxley's sister, Ashley, by a street gang called the Latin Hoods.  Marv was brought up on charges of excessive force after getting rough with some gang members.
Marv and Huxley found comfort in Marv’s popularity in Pemota, and Huxley’s popularity at Pemota High.  Huxley was the best kick ball player in the school, and the outfield had to back up to Timbuktu every time he got to the plate.  Just yesterday, when they had backed up as far as they could, he bunted, slid under the ball halfway between first and second, and then stole third.  He believed it was his focus on the present moment no matter what that made him Huxley Core.  If he was sitting on the bench daydreaming about being a league kick ball player before he got to the plate he might have been caught out instead.
“Joe,” Huxley said, “You can go home if you want but we're staying.”
They had been riding for under ten minutes, and Joe would have a twenty minute ride back to his home in South Pemota.  And as Huxley and Der walked their bikes toward the orchard, Joe made up his mind and went racing off.  Huxley rolled his eyes and looked at Der who smiled strangely.  It wasn’t as if they had anything better to do, they had said.  As Joe rode into the distance, Huxley and Der were jumping up to bring a few Hass Avocados down from a tree.

----

Rey was living in a dreamland.  Life had been surreal since fourth grade when he first noticed the light-brown haired, button-nosed, Christy Lane.  Christy had Ms. Geneve and Rey had spotted her one day from the loft, a raised platform accessed by a ladder in Ms. Trudy’s class, from where one could see over the dividers and spy on the other two classes.  Christy was perfect.  He loved the cuddly sweaters she wore during the winter, the way she furrowed her eyebrows when she didn’t understand what Ms. Geneve was teaching about.  
When he was engaged in these acts of spying from the loft, he would often see Ms. Geneve glance over at him, at which point he would blush and return to the book he was pretending to be interested in.  Ms. Trudy told the class the loft was not for spying.  But that didn’t stop Rey from staring at her across the playing field at recess, or in the cafeteria.  Rey wanted to hold on to this crush.  He would make mental pictures of Christy like water color paintings and recall them when a romantic song was playing on the radio.  He felt adults couldn’t feel this way.  They were too worn out.  
This belief stemmed from the blow the death of his father had on, his mother, Isabel.  Isabel told him his father was a famous politician in Mexico.  She was studying journalism in her spare time and interviewing him.  He was shot and killed a few months later at a rally by a political zealot.  She’d moved to California, in attempt to leave the memories of him behind.  Since then, she’d saved up enough money for college and was now working as a bartender and studying journalism at Striar College at night.  Between her classes and her job she hardly had any time for Rey; a situation that would hopefully change when she graduated.
As Rey and Isabel made their way up Mount Monadnock to see a psychic Rey had asked to be taken to, Isabel was talking about an interview she had at The Pemota Gazette upon her graduation from Striar College.  If she got the job she told him it would mean better Christmas presents and better school clothes.  Rey was thinking about the birth certificate he found and didn’t bring in to school.  It was a secret he was guarding closely and to the best of his knowledge Isabel was unaware.  Just as prevalent in his mind was Huxley, Der, and Joe’s visit to Stella’s at the beginning of the school year.  And of course, he was thinking about Christy Lane. 
Christy had her own share of family drama.  Everyone in the school knew Christy hated her sister, Brianna Lane, who was famous for her beauty and for a prank she pulled when she was in sixth grade.  She had a friend draw caricatures of some teachers that she didn’t like.  She then pasted these caricatures on the teacher’s maps when they were out at recess.  It was excruciatingly embarrassing for the lot when they pulled down their map of America, or Pemota, or the World, in front of the class.  When Brianna reached ninth grade – Christy in sixth, attending an elementary school assembly -- Brianna stood in the back of the room and announced that her sister had just had her period.  She waited for everyone to turn around and register that it was indeed her, Brianna Lane, and then she walked out.  Christy saw Brianna in the hallway later that day and attacked her with her fingernails screaming, “I hate you.” 
Rey witnessed the fight and was thinking about it now, as he watched the hordes of Douglas fir, common to California, which to Rey seemed to hover like curious, watchful, participants in this expedition.  The only change in the “Psychic Advisor” sign since that quiet day two months ago when the class had taken a field trip to test their knowledge of compasses and coordinates was that it was blowing in the breeze.  He half expected it to no longer be there.  So when he saw the sign his heart beat fast and a smile crept up his face.
“I take it this is a place?” Isabel asked.
Rey nodded.
Isabel turned the Saturn Ion into the driveway, carefully avoiding the ditches on either side, and began driving uphill.  The trees hid whatever waited at the top of the hill.  There was no grass on either side and patches of dirt were visible in between the pine needles and leaves.  When they saw the home, Rey thought it looked as though the entire house was made of plywood.  He wondered if the home was simply plywood boards erected and placed side by side, but it was probably just an unfinished exterior.  There were two windows in front, one on each side of a brand new red painted door.  The right window had a few laps of Christmas lights going around it although it was late February.  There was a chimney on the left side of the home which let loose a steady stream of smoke.  Rey glanced at Isabel and could tell she was having hesitations.
“I’ll wave to you from the door,” he said, “when I’m sure it’s all right.”
Isabel looked ambivalent but nodded just the same.
Rey got out of the car and felt the leaves crunch under his New Balance basketball shoes.  He made his way to the door feeling a little light on his feet, hesitated, knocked several times.  The door opened and Rey couldn’t help his eyes from widening.  He looked back at his Mom uncertainly.  The woman had a big face, thin lips, and blue eyes with bags underneath them.  She had stringy, haphazard light brown hair.  She wore something resembling hippie attire, a red patterned shirt that came down just before the knee and a lot of beads.  Isabel was out of the car.
Rey pointed at Isabel.  “That’s my Mom.”
“Would you like a reading?”  The woman asked.
“Okay,” Rey said.
Isabel was now next to Rey.  “This is my son,” she said.  “How much for a consultation?”
“Ten dollars,” the woman said.
Isabel reached into her purse and pulled out a ten.  She smiled at the woman.  “I’ll be in the car,” Isabel said.  She gave the woman’s face a once over and decided she was benevolent.
The woman motioned Rey inside.  The inside of the home had a red-brown mercantile tapestry on every wall, a round dark wood waxed table in the center, with two similar chairs, a fair amount of comfortable-looking furnishings all light blue, and a white, oriental rug on the floor.  The small kitchen was visible from the living room and there was a closed door next to the kitchen which must have been a bedroom.
The woman closed the door and said, “I’ve been expecting you Rey Naresh.”
Rey turned to her frightened.  “How did you know my name?”
The woman pointed to his chest.  “It’s on your name tag.”
It was true.  The new substitute math teacher had to learn names so everyone was required to wear name tags.  Ms. Dritch was moving back to New England.
“Oh,” Rey said, rubbing his name tag.
“My names Aba,” the woman said.
“Hey Aba.”  Rey began to relax.
Aba picked up a fish bowl from a bookcase next to the door.  It contained a gold fish, a bunch of rocks at the bottom, and a green plastic decoration, like you get in Japanese restaurants.  She placed the fish bowl on the table and took a seat.  She motioned with an upturned hand for Rey to join her.  He did.
“So tell me about yourself young Rey.  What brings you here today?”
“A bunch of things, I guess.”
“Name one.”
“My mom ...”
“Yes?”  A silence stretched.  “Isabel?”
Rey decided to skip that thought punctuating it with, “...is in the car and I’m not sure how much time we have really.”
“What do you want to be when you grow up?”  Aba said.
“I want to be an inventor.”
“Wish on one star every night.  Pick a star in the sky and wish on it.  Because ‘hope is the thing with feathers.’  Do you know who said that?”
“Emily Dickinson?”
“Very good.”  Aba was impressed.
Rey was stunned.  He had only done a report on one poem all year so far and it had been that one.  What were the odds?  He felt happy and proud.  But he didn’t come here to play Trivial Pursuit.
As if reading his mind Aba said, “What’s really troubling you?”
He wanted to talk about Christy but the words wouldn’t come out of his mouth.  Grownups thought a kid talking about girls was silly, that the kid would get over it in a few weeks.  He didn’t want to hold Christy up to that kind of judgment.  So he said, “Huxley Core?”
“Someone in your class?”
“He and his friend Der Kath went to Stella's.  That's an avocado orchard.  Well, it's a store with an avocado orchard in back.  And they went at midnight at the beginning of the school year.  Joe said they were acting weird and that they wanted an avocado for some reason.  So Joe just left them there.”
“What did they do there?”
“They wrote ‘An Hass Avocado’ on the parking lot with tree branches they snapped off the trees.  The weird thing is Joe called me a few days later and said none of the avocados were on the trees except a couple.”
“Maybe they weren’t in season.”
“Joe said there was a van parked in the woods behind the trees and some guys with big plastic bags had taken the avocados.”
“So what did Huxley and Der do?”  
“Huxley broke into the store and then for no reason, Huxley told Joe, Der started trying to put avocados back on the trees.  He put them in a basket and just started trying to put them back.”
“What’s going to happen to Huxley Core?”
“Nothing.  His Dad is the Chief of Police.  Nothing’s going to happen.”  
Aba reached across the table and put her hands on his.  “Cheer up,” she said.  “Don’t worry about Huxley.  This secret will make you stronger.  By the time you reach ninth grade you’re going to be like an ox.”
“What’s so special about ninth grade?”
Aba’s eyes widened.  “The Avocadites.”
“The Avocadites?”  Rey was bewildered.  “Are you crazy?”
“That’s for me to know,” Aba smiled as if there was a happy mystery to what was being said, “and for you to find out.”  With that she reached into the fish bowl.  “The Avocadites don’t care about ...”  She dropped the gold fish on the table.  It lay there frantically beating its tail fin against the wood.  “...what makes us human.”  It was dying!  “What’s still left for us in the garden.”
Rey scooped it up with both hands and put it back in the bowl.  “What are you doing?”  He screamed.  He watched it return to breathing normally once in the fish bowl.
“You have a kind and caring heart.  You are not one of the Avocadites.  And as long as you stay away from being an Avocadite you will achieve great things.  A great destiny awaits you.”
“Are you really psychic?” Rey asked.
“Book number ninety eight.  That’s when it starts.  Now, that’s all we have to talk about.  You can be on your way.”  She reached down by her foot and emerged with a bottle.  She turned it to face him and placed it on the table.  It was a bottle of avocado juice.  Looza Avocado Juice.  Rey looked at her bewildered.  He didn’t think crazy people were like this.  There was something in her smile so sane and good natured.  “I hope you like it,” she said.
Rey picked up the avocado juice and Aba stood up.  As soon as he was out of the door he felt great.  Better than great.  He couldn’t remember feeling so alive.  So happy.  He opened the avocado juice, making sure to hear the pop indicating it had not already been opened, and let the sugary liquid flow down his throat as he walked to the car.
A sign above the mailbox down by the end of the driveway caught Rey’s attention for the first time.  It read “Brule.”  Rey took small sips of his new favorite drink as he tried to get through the car ride without letting his Mom know he had just had the strangest encounter of his life.

Chapter 2

By the time ninth grade arrived, Rey had become a serious and puzzling adolescent.  Sometimes Isabel would see him watching cartoons before the school started and when she came in the room he’d switch to a news program.  To break Rey’s solemn front and make him crack a smile, Isabel did everything short of juggling.  She hoped his happiness was still there, invisible like the blue that has disappeared from a dark night sky, revealing itself when the sun, in whatever form, rose from the darkness. 
She had learned that Rey’s privacy was sacred and that there were certain issues that weren’t up for discussion.  When she asked Rey if there were any other girls in his class he thought were pretty, he rolled his eyes.  Isabel looked out the window of their Saturn Ion.  “It’s none of my business really,” she finally said.  When she turned to see Rey nod, she realized that he never wanted to talk about girls with his mother and from then on she remembered that.
Since the arena of personal conversation was fraught with snapping turtles and occasionally alligators, Isabel devoted her mental focus towards giving Rey and his adopted sister Aisha a comfortable life.  She graduated from Striar College and got her long awaited job at The Pemota Gazette.  With the new salary she could afford to move Rey and Aisha out of Lighthouse Point.  She chose not to opting to have the spending money to bring home a bag full of Adidas shirts once in awhile, which she had learned was her best bet at making Rey smile.
Since the beginning of eighth grade Rey had been getting C’s, B’s, and A’s in his subjects.  Most days, he did his homework as soon as he got home from school; other times, he played soccer with the kids from the apartment complex.  A few of those kids were in eighth grade, but many were much younger than he, and Isabel hoped ninth grade brought with it more friends for Rey his own age.  Rey went to the movies with someone named Huron Anderson who always waited in the car; Isabel had not met him but he sounded nice on the phone.  When Isabel asked about “Marv Core’s son,” and always in passing, Rey would say, “Huxley’s in advanced,” in a tone that implied “advanced” was so yesterday’s fashion.  
Rey’s bus would be arriving in ten minutes and Isabel wanted to talk to him.  Today, the entire ninth grade was going on a field trip to Overlook Park.  Overlook Park was within walking distance of the school, but students rarely visited.  Rey looked in his bag lunch as he did every day to be sure Isabel didn’t try to force a healthy lunch on him.  Isabel was sitting at the dining table watching Rey’s inspection.
Rey was about to walk out the door.  “I’m leaving Mom.  See ya.”
“Wait a second,” Isabel said, “I want to talk to you ... about something.”
“Mom, I’ve only got ten minutes.”
“It’ll be fast.”
Rey walked over to her and put his blue Jansport backpack on the table.  He began putting his lunch in it. 
“I don’t want you to worry about it too much but I want you to be aware and to notice it if it happens.”
Rey was confused.  “If what happens?”
“Ninth grade can be hard.  Teachers can pick favorites.  It happened to me...”
“In Mexico?” Rey said dubiously.
Isabel began to get nervous, but she had prepared a way of saying this without being awkward.  “Yes.  But Rey we’re Hispanic.  And there’s racism.  If anyone seems like they are being unfair grading or if they seem to have a bad attitude towards you, I want you to notice it.”
Rey nodded.  “Okay.”
“And I want you to tell me about it.  Promise me you’ll tell me about it.”
“I will.”
“Okay.  Go to school.”
Rey could remember being in elementary school and looking forward to a day when he did not have to take Bus 13 – the unlucky bus.  Bus 13, though, was his bus for high school too.  The driver, Glenda, simply dropped the high school students off and then did the elementary school route with the same school bus.  Rey jogged up the stairs and sat four seats back from the front right behind Ryan O’toole who lived on Garden Teal Drive in South Pemota.  Rey liked Ryan because he was a good artist.  Ryan didn’t really have any friends Rey was aware.  His hair was never combed, and he always looked like he was lost in some subway in a strange city.  Ryan was a bit weird, but he had won third place in the Pemota Film Festival the past summer for a claymation movie about bottles of medication that talk, and Rey thought the movie was cool.
Rey leaned over the back of Ryan’s seat.  “Ryan, I liked your movie this summer.”
“It wasn’t very good.  I’m going to make a better one.”
Rey sat back in his seat and looked up to see Mike Elsetta get on the bus.  He strutted his big boned body down the aisle.  Most people thought of him as closer to fat than jock-ish.  After listening to Mike talk, most people equated his voice with a megaphone.  He was easily the loudest person in the ninth grade.  He went to the back of the bus as usual.
Ryan sat debating whether or not to start a conversation with Rey and then felt a motivation to.  “Hey Rey,” Ryan whispered.  “Come here.”
Rey moved up a seat and sat next to Ryan as Ryan scooted over.
Ryan kept his voice as low possible.  “Did you hear about the Lisbon Convention Proxy?”
“The what, what?”  Rey felt the right side of his face scrunch up.
“The Lisbon Convention Proxy.  I’ve explained it to so many people.  I can’t believe you haven’t heard about it.”
“I don’t know what a proxy is I guess,” Rey said.
“A proxy is when you let someone else vote in place of you.  These delegates from all these countries met in Lisbon.  There was an article about it in The New York Times.  I was trying to find out what they were all doing there.  But the article didn’t say.  A few days ago I figured it out.”
“Figured what out?”
Ryan reached into his backpack and came out with his Trapper Keeper.  He pulled out an article from a file folder and a drawing slipped out and fell on the seat next to Rey.  Rey picked it up -- it was of Superman.  “Oh,” Ryan said.  “I was wondering where that went.”
“Jeez Ryan, this is really good,” Rey said, thinking Ryan had talent worth a fortune.
“Here it is,” Ryan said.  He showed Rey the newspaper clipping.  The headline read: ‘Poles Show Apathy on Ozone Depletion.’  Rey looked at the blocks of texts below but didn’t read them thinking the headline probably said it all.  “The Lisbon Convention Proxy is a way of allowing people to vote with their minds.  See they figured it out during the Lisbon Convention.  People don’t care about things like the ozone layer.  They probably even looked at this article right here.  And they got the idea to have people vote all the time with their subconscious.”  Ryan made eye contact with Rey.  ”You’ve noticed it too... haven’t you.”
“What?”  Rey wanted to escape from this conversation without hurting Ryan’s feelings.  But he was beginning to realize why Ryan didn’t have any friends.
“The electronics.  When you stand close to them.  Like a radio.  Or a hairdryer.  You have to listen closely, but you can hear the humming sound.  Sometimes the electronics even stop working.  It’s us.  It’s positive and negative charges being shot out of our body and picked up by electronics so we can vote.  So we can vote ...” Ryan’s voice was whispering and urgent.  “... For things like this.”  He held up the article on the ozone layer.  “I’m telling everyone about it.  The more people who know the better.”
Rey thought it sounded to him like what little he knew about schizophrenia.  But he tried to be as sincere as possible.  “I don’t know, Ryan.  It’s a really interesting theory.”
Ryan switched back to a normal speaking voice.  “I could have explained it better.  It’s more understandable when I tell it better.  With more details.”
Rey decided to change the subject.  “What teachers do you have this year?”
“Um.”  Ryan pulled his schedule out of his Trapper Keeper.  They talked for a short while before arriving at school, but Ryan seemed embarrassed.  Rey knew he would have had to agree with Ryan wholeheartedly about the Lisbon Convention Proxy not to injure Ryan’s self-esteem, and he had done his best to be civil, but it was really just looney-tunes.
Looney-tunes like Aba Brule and her Avocadites.
Rey had wondered about Aba’s sanity during sleepless nights when the moonlight filtered through the windows and painted parallelograms on the carpet in his room in Lighthouse Point.  When he thought of Aba’s mysterious smile, he decided she was not a fraud.  She didn’t give everyone a bottle of Looza Avocado Juice and tell them they were going to meet the Avocadites.  She was expecting him before he even walked through her door.  The Avocadites might be a band, for all Rey knew, but they were for real.  He was sure.  Aba was setting the stage for something and Rey knew he had to listen to the music on that stage.
He got Isabel to buy cases of Looza Avocado Juice whenever at Albertson’s Supermarket.  He made it his favorite drink and fellow classmates could count on Rey to be wearing Adidas and carrying a bottle of Looza Avocado.  It was perplexing to some, unclear if he was making a joke or if he was really calling himself a “loser.”  Sometimes people said, “Why does Rey Naresh always drink Looza Avocado?”  The first few times this happened Rey put the drink in his backpack feeling stupid.  However, one night, when he was lying in his bed looking at a star in the sky as Aba told him to, he decided that anyone who called him by his first and last name wasn’t worth worrying about.  From then on, his Looza Avocado Juice was with him regardless of public opinion.
The all-to-familiar surname he heard most in homeroom.  “Rey Naresh?”  Miss Calida looked around her thirty ninth graders for attendance.  After a few weeks went by she would call him by his first name and stop smiling when he responded.
“Yeah,” Rey said, raising his hand.
“Good to see you Rey Naresh.”  It was still early enough in the school year that even teachers were trying to make a good impression.  The truth was, most of the teachers in Pemota High hated their jobs.  The yellow brick walls, the stink bombs that perfumed the hallways, or the terribly awkward architecture of the school were all good reasons.  The school looked like an enormous hockey puck, or a whole Swiss cheese with a wedge missing.  Where the wedge should have been was a grassy area, where many students ate lunch.  There were stairs indoors against the walls of the wedge.  On the left side of the wedge, against the red brick, was a sign that read Pemota Regional High School.  Because of the circular design of the school, each class was not a perfect square or rectangle but rather contained curved and diagonally opposed walls.  The classrooms that were closer to the center of the hunk of cheese were quite small.  In the middle of the Swiss cheese school was the cafeteria.
Today the class would only be in the school for the last period of the day which for Rey was study hall.  While some students geared up for a day of relaxation at Overlook Park, Rey was nervous.  Huron Anderson and James Owens better want to hang out with him.  Otherwise, he’d be all alone which happened last year on the eighth grade class trip to the science museum and Rey knew that feeling of isolation too well.  It was mortifying.
Rey fit in with Huron Anderson and James Owens like a foreign film buried among the action titles.  Huron was always talking about girls he’d like to “bang” and movies he thought were “rad.”  He had numerous gold rings, polo shirts, and baggy cargo pants.  An earring in his left ear shouted “fashion conscious” and his clothes hung comfortably on his wide frame.  His best friend James wore glasses and sported a sag that made some think gravity was working magic.  The supernatural feat was accomplished by James wearing suspenders under his striped long shirts.
The bus was full of ninth graders busily chatting, their voices combining to create a roar of activity like a beehive that’s been hit with a baseball bat.
“Hey Rey, I know who you should bang,” Huron said, as if they had been discussing options for the past ten minutes.  “That homeroom teacher of yours.”
“Miss Calida?”  Rey tried to think of something humorous to say.  “Nah, she’s too young for me.”
James laughed.  “Miss Calida looks like a girl version of Martin Scorcese.”
Miss Calida had blue eyes, and a round feminine face.  James must have been referring to her dark eyebrows and the strands of grey in her hair.
“If you dyed her hair all grey for real,” Huron said.
“You guys know she went to this school,” Rey said.
“How do you know that?”  Huron asked.
“Heard it through the grapevine,” Rey shrugged.
“There ain’t no grapevine.  How you know that?”
Rey seemed hesitant to say.  “My mom told me.  A lot of teachers went to this school.  Ms. Daphne, Mr. Cheraw, Mr. Chandon.”  Rey paused.  “A lot.”
“Oh, his mom told him,” Huron said to James.  “He thought were weren’t down.”
“Whatever,” James said looking away.
“You play basketball Rey?” Huron asked.
“Do my best.”
“We gonna rock the court.  James has got skills.  So do I.”
Once at Overlook Park, Rey found a team of four he could join.  Huron and James played all morning non-stop and undefeated.  Rey played point guard and hit a three, but his team lost so it was back to the bench for another session of observation.  He sat watching Huron and James play whatever position they felt like, burying jumpers like the rim was five sizes too big.
The troublesome part of the day came around 10:45.  Huron and James had had enough basketball and told Rey they were going to hit the paddleboats.  The paddleboats were meant to be peddled like a bicycle into the pond where one could feed the ducks with five dollar bags of pelleted feed.  When they got to the dock, the man who untied the boats let them know the boats only seated two.
“Sorry Rey,” James said, “We’ll meet up with you later okay?”
Rey sighed and walked away, kicking up some leaves in frustration.  Now it was back to feeling like a loner.  On these class trips, each student revealed who their real friends were.  Whether or not Rey thought it was stupid, the feelings he felt were undeniable.  The anxiety in his belly boiled up as he thought about his next move.  He could find a sports team to join, go to the animal sanctuary, or mingle with people he didn’t know.  Each option struck him as more lonely and depressing than the one before.  He was better off staying out of sight and doing his homework he decided.
He went back to the picnic benches under the orange-edged awning where each student had left their backpack that morning.  He picked up his backpack and walked past the animal sanctuary to an isolated field where he thought it a safe bet he would not be seen.  He plopped himself down on the grass, opened his backpack, and took out his math book.  If he finished his math homework now, he could play soccer with the kids from the apartment complex when he got home.  He lay there for a moment on the grass just relaxing, the math book a reminder of his status as an outcast.  He reached into his backpack and pulled out a Five Star binder with note paper inside it.  Absent-mindedly he opened the cover of the math book.  He didn’t register it until a few moments later.  There were two numbers in the upper left hand corner of the book: 98.
“Book number ninety eight.  That’s when it starts,” Aba had said.
He stared at the number for almost a half a minute incredulous.  Then he began flipping pages.  The first page had Algebra 1 written in the center in small letters.  He had not seen this before having only opened the book once for an assignment and flipping to the middle and then to the assignment’s appropriate page.  The second page contained a color illustration of a Chinese boy, a Black girl, and a Caucasian male and female all looking at the math book with big smiles on their faces.  Rey turned the next page.  He was looking for a clue, a sign, anything that would give him a better idea what Aba Brule had been talking about.  That’s when he found it.  Written in thick purple on a blank white page before the first chapter were the words: The Avocadites are watching you.  Rey ran his fingers over the purple writing.
Rey looked up and around to be sure he was alone.  He didn’t see anyone.  He began frantically flipping pages looking for more clues.  One after another, page after page, he turned and turned.  He had decided by page twenty that math homework was of little importance right now.  When he reached page 200, he looked up to see three people laughing, talking, and walking onto the field.  It was fellow ninth graders, Annette Oslow, Jenine Godfrey, and Christy Lane.  Annette had her hair dyed orange and yellow.  She wore bell-bottom jeans and a t-shirt.  Jenine was overweight by about ten pounds.  People noticed her love handles long before her attractive brown eyes.  She wore jeans and a shirt that read: Pemota Fitness Club.
Then there was Christy Lane.
Since fourth grade, Rey’s dreamy infatuation with Christy had morphed into a subtle admiration and desire.  Rey loved her face.  But more important was that she knew her own mind, and valued her opinion high above anyone else’s.  She still wore lumpy sweaters during the winter, making her the only person in the ninth grade to do so.  Rey caught a glimpse of her across the field in her white t-shirt and khaki shorts.  She was carrying a bag lunch.  Her and her friends Annette and Jenine sat down.  They were about fifty feet away but still audible.
“Rey Naresh is doing homework,” Jenine said quietly.
Rey saw Annette give a shrug and say, “So what?”
Jenine called across the field sending a flock of crows erupting from a nearby oak tree.  “Hey Rey Naresh.”
Rey smiled and waved at the three of them.  If Christy hung out with them they couldn’t be all that bad.
“Rey’s nice,” Annette said.
“You guys, I have Ms. Aster this semester,” Christy grimaced.
“I heard last year that Ms. Aster flunked half the math class,” Jenine said.  “And if you have her for homeroom and you’re late she makes you explain to the entire class every single thing you did that morning.”
Rey had heard the stories too.
“Christy, are you bad at math?” Annette asked.
Christy nodded solemnly.  “In advanced yeah.  I used to be in standard and that was a breeze.  But my Mom thinks that I should measure up to Brianna.”
“Did your sister go to Leander?” Jenine asked.
The word around the cheese wedge was that Brianna was in her freshman year at Leander.  Leander was an Ivy League school, a stone throw away for Brianna’s 3.8 GPA.  It sounded to Rey like Christy’s parents were oblivious to Brianna’s extracurricular activities which he’d heard included everything short of blatant prostitution.  Rey couldn’t help but notice the cavalier way Christy had gone from talking about him to talking about school.  What did he expect though? he asked himself.  She didn’t even know him.
“Christy, how old was Brianna when she lost it?”  Annette asked.
“She lost her virginity in junior high and I think she was born having lost her mind,” Christy said.
Rey looked up to see a tear sliding down Christy’s cheek.  She wiped it away.
“I don’t want to talk about Brianna,” Christy said.  “It makes me too mad.”
“All right,” Annette said abruptly, “Did you hear about Mike?”
“Mike who?” Jenine asked.
“Elsetta,” Annette said.  “You know, the Cabbage Patch Kid.”  Rey took it “Cabbage Patch Kid” was a reference to his padded body, and typical boyish face.  “He made out with Gabrielle Reese.”  Annette nodded with emphasis as if in agreement with the thoughts of the two of them.  “And now he always wants me to sleep over at his house.”
“Do you think he’s trying to get somewhere with you?” Jenine asked.
“He’s trying to get somewhere with everyone,” Annette said.  “If you give him a hug you’re lost in his grip for a month.”
“I like Mike Elsetta,” Christy said.  “He’s funny.”
About fifty more pages had flown by before it occurred to Rey that he must look ridiculously stupid flying through the book like a madman.  He closed the book, put it in his backpack, and walked off.
He headed back to backpack city by the picnic tables, where most of the class had gathered, and were digging in search of their bag lunches.  He saw Der Kath setting his newsletter out on a stone table.  Der had two piles of newsletters, and he put large rocks on each one to keep the pages from blowing away.  Der Kath was in a class called Newspaper and Magazine Production.  His dream for years had been to write for a reputable skateboarding magazine.  The Nadine’s Puppies Newsletter that he published every couple of weeks was his first hopeful step towards journalistic fame.
Nadine’s Puppies were a club ordained by Huxley, Der, and Joe, as a response to Huxley’s relationship with Nadine Kim during the first few months of eighth grade.  Nadine was a cute and popular girl who was always thinking of ways to excel farther in social politics.  She went out with Huxley and let him finger her in a movie theater.  When Huxley broke up with her a few weeks later, Nadine declared war telling everyone she knew that Huxley had tried to rape her.  
It was Der’s idea to start the newsletter and title the first article, “Nadine Claims Responsibility for JFK Assassination.”  Der continued to publish articles about her, until Nadine admitted she made up the rape accusation, the news gradually spreading around the class.  The newsletter became the biggest conversation topic in the eighth grade.  The main angle remained that Nadine’s Puppies pretended to stand for chauvinism and misogyny.
Yet with each passing publication, The Nadine’s Puppies Newsletter became less satirical, more libelous, more cruel.  Huxley began to gain a reputation as a drinker who called women “bitches” when he was intoxicated.  Der would often talk about wanting to slap different girls with his skateboard.  Joe became known for swapping fictional sex stories with anyone nearby.  The days of debasing Nadine had long since passed, and the function of the newsletter became unclear.  Whether they wanted to admit it or not, they didn’t pretend to stand for chauvinism and misogyny; they genuinely did.
Rey removed his lunch from his backpack and sat on the edge of one of the picnic tables biting into his ham and cheese.  Somewhere behind him a radio blared.  He looked around thinking it was a perfect day out.
He looked over past the second row of picnic tables to see Huxley Core sitting on the grass with Der and Joe.  Huxley was still as good-looking as he had always been.  His bright blue eyes were isosceles trapezoids.  He wore blue jeans and a striped shirt that showed off his biceps.  He turned his head and made eye contact with Rey.  Huxley stared at him for a few moments then shook his head in haughty disapproval capitalizing on the gesture with a roll of the eyes and a disgusted expulsion of chewing gum.
Rey walked over to the stone table, and picked up a copy of The Nadine’s Puppies Newsletter.  He stood there in the realization this was one of the only times he had picked up the newsletter himself rather than found it on a floor somewhere.  At the top of the page it read: “Nadine’s Puppies,” and there were graphics of puppies on either side of the newsletters title.  Beneath it was the article.  The headline read, “Gertrude Perry Gives Head to Forty, Wins Scholarship.”  Gertrude Perry had never given head to anyone.  She had won a scholarship to a writing school in Sacramento, California; that was true.
Rey read the first paragraph.  “Gertude Perry, well-known chocoholic, won the prestigious first place award in writing for her short story about her experiences as a lesbian nut job.  Perry, best known for the earthquake tremors she causes when walking down the hall, was thrilled about the scholarship saying, ‘I never knew I could do anything worth anything.  I guess my Mom was wrong.’  Perry’s climb to future lesbian books and the hate crimes they are sure to invite may be stopped short by a scandal.  Five lacrosse team players commented on the scholarship saying, ‘Gertrude goes down like she’s an asthma victim breathing on an inhaler.”
Rey crumpled the newsletter up and threw it in a nearby trash can.  He took another bite of his ham and cheese and walked back to his seat.  Huxley whispered something to Der, who turned his deep brown eyes on Rey.  Rey knew that the newsletter was Der’s pride in print.  Throwing it in the trash was going to inspire some enmity.
“Look, it’s working,” a familiar voice said at the picnic table behind him.  Rey turned around to see Ryan O’toole with his hand above the radio.  The Spice Girls were singing something about, “giving you everything.”  Ryan kept moving his hand further from the radio and then closer.  Every time he got close to the radio, it made a humming sound.
Viola Specks, a fellow ninth grade female said, “Ryan, you’re crazy.  It’s because you’re blocking the signal.”
Viola was a white girl, with a boyish haircut, and kind brown eyes.  She was one of the major outcasts at Pemota High, a long time enemy of Huxley, Der, and Joe, as well as an unfashionable dresser, and passives when picked on.
Ryan sat back down on the bench rolling his eyes which seemed to cause his entire head to follow their lead.  “Then you try it,” Ryan said.
Viola put her hand a few feet from the radio and then moved her hand gradually closer.  She reached a foot and there was still no humming sound.  Then she got to six inches – still no humming sound.  Soon enough, she was touching it.  No humming sound.
“See,” Ryan said. 
“Ryan maybe you’re just made of radiation or something,” Viola said.
The song came to an end and the dj, a salesman type who had a megawatt smile in his words, began speaking.  “That was the Spice Girls with ‘Say You’ll Be There.’  It’s time for that special moment of the day when one lucky winner is abducted for scientific testing and experimentation right here on our home planet in ...”  The radio stopped.
Rey felt the world turning, and gravity releasing its hold.  Ryan and the other few people at the table hit the radio with amused smiles on their faces saying, “the radio just broke.”  Rey knew that when weirdness strikes there’s a balancing act between coincidence and conspiracy.  Right now inside Rey, it was seesawing back and forth like two sugar-high six year olds.   Rey didn’t know whether to believe in the sure-fire path of coincidence whose dogma insisted that life was like a set of dice being cast on a whim and every once in awhile coming up snake eyes; or to head down the dangerous possibly insane path towards something otherworldly.  Part of him said that Aba’s prediction coming true was a little more weird than just two dice coming up snake eyes.  Coincidence only extends so far before it becomes ... something else.
Looking down at his sandwich, no longer hungry, Rey got up to toss his lunch in the trash.  He didn’t want to hang out with Huron and James for the rest of the day.  He needed to think.  Classmates were enraptured in conversations about teachers, and hook-ups, and what they would do for a million dollars.  All of it seemed silly at the moment.
A hard shoulder collided with his and sent him back peddling to avoid falling on his back.  It was Huxley with ice in his eyes.  “Hey Rey.  Who needs pussy if you are one, right?”  Huxley smiled at Rey as he walked backwards.  “That should be the headline of our next article.”  He raised his eyebrows, threatening.
Rey said, “See you in court Huxley.”
“It’s not on school property.”  Huxley walked away.
They distributed the newsletter on the Smokers Corner which was technically not within the administrations bounds to enforce school rules.  That was why smokers could light up there.  However, everyone knew the laws of libel were against Huxley, Der, and Joe.  It was just that at that age there wasn't much anyone could do about it.
Rey turned around and almost bumped into Ms. Lonbell.  Shockingly, she shouted, “Everyone.  Attention here!”  Rey stood there when the entire ninth grade turned to stare at him and Ms. Lonbell. “We’re here for one more hour then we meet at the buses for last period.  I expect to see all of you at the buses at one o’clock.”
Under normal circumstances, Rey would have felt insecure standing there in front of the entire class.  But now with Aba having spoken about ninth grade, and book number 98, and it all leading him into an uncertain future which, no doubt, included something called The Avocadites, in addition to the frustration of a day spent spotlighting his social ineptitude, he stood in front of the class with steely composure.
He spent the next hour sitting by the tennis courts, all alone, occasionally watching the ball whiz back and forth like the two opposing arguments within his mind.  He hoped Aba was right.  It would mean life had more in store for him than being a social outcast on days like today.  On the other hand, he didn’t want to surrender to belief, end up being wrong, and spend the rest of his days trying to climb out of the looney bin.  As he sat on the grass, picking it, and peeling the outside edges away from the strand in the center, the thought crossed his mind that Aba could have meant anything.
He needed to wait for another clue.
Mr. Gallagher, who was lenient and possibly senile, oversaw period H study hall in room 22.  The room was close to the center of the cheese hunk that was Pemota High, so it was small, filled by only ten students.  Rey liked to sit in the farthest corner and get some of his homework done so he could have his afternoon free.  The study hall was usually noisy with people passing notes and shooting three pointers into the wastebasket.
Today, Rey reached into the compartment in his backpack that was accessed by a zipper on the inside of the smallest pocket and pulled out a piece of paper.  It was a letter he had written in the middle of eighth grade.
It was a letter to Christy Lane.
He had written over ten drafts of the letter to finely tune it until he was sure he’d maximized his chances of winning Christy’s approval.  In light of their encounter today, Rey wanted to see if it required another draft.  He didn’t know if the opportune moment to give Christy the letter would ever arise, but he wanted to have it just in case it did.  He read:

Dear Christy,
My name is Rey.  I’m in your Spanish class.  But we never talk.  I was wondering if you might like to go out sometime.  I’ve liked you for a really long time.  Since like sixth grade.  I saw you fight your sister in sixth grade and I was rooting for you.  I think Brianna is ugly on the inside.
I have a sister too.  She’s four so I know it’s not the same.  But Brianna thinks she can do whatever she wants, and that’s what my sister is like.
Remember in spanish class in seventh grade when Viola Specks smelled bad and you told her in a note.  I thought that was mad cool.  She would have never stopped hearing about that.
I had a dream about you.  You and I were playing for the New York Yankees.  You hit a home run which Brianna caught in her mouth while she was in the stands on all fours like a dog.  Then she started barking and shooting baseballs out of her mouth like a pitching machine.  When I woke up I started laughing.
I’ve never had a girlfriend before for a bunch of reasons, I guess.  But you seem not to really care what people think.  Sometimes I see you from my bus when everyone is leaving school.  I hope you start to notice me too.

Love,

Rey

He sat on the graffitied wooden chair in Mr. Gallagher’s study hall thinking of Christy’s emotional reaction to Annette and Jenine’s few words about Brianna.  Maybe the letter had too much about Brianna in it.  He decided the letter might need another more tactful draft.  He put it back in the secret fold in his Jansport and set to work on his math assignment.
When he looked up he realized Mr. Gallagher was no longer there.  Neither was most of the class.  “Have fun being the only person in study hall Rey,” David Benson said as he and another student headed towards the door.  Where had everyone gone?  He had been so immersed in his thoughts of Christy he must have missed the students filing out on account of the absent teacher.  He tried to think of what to do next.  He had forty-five minutes before school ended.
There were two exits from Pemota High School – three, if one counted the woods in back as an exit.  The woods led to the back lawn of the Pemota Community Center, a fitness and meeting facility.  The second exit from the school led to residential neighborhoods, a slew of them, ranging in class from poor apartments, to middle class homes.  The third exit led to Downtown Pemota.  Rey knew he could head out that way, get an ice cream, and be back in time for the bus.  He still had five dollars left over from the money Isabel had given him for Overlook Park.
Downtown Pemota was essentially one street called Pleasant Street that stretched in both directions.  One direction led to the community college, and pizza places, the other to South Pemota where Rey lived.  Many places in Pemota liked to brag about the fact that Pemota was one of the major avocado producing regions in the country.  California is the leading producer of domestic avocados and home to about 90 percent of the nation's crop.  There was a popular restaurant downtown that called itself Au Bon Avocado.
The best ice cream place in Pemota was called Melanie’s and Rey ordered a cup of Berries and More ice cream which was filled with chocolate chunks and real berries.  He came out of Melanie’s and strolled down Pleasant Street with the ice cream in his hand.  No sooner was he enjoying the feeling of freedom and the warm day than someone grabbed him by the shirt collar.  It was a man Rey had seen around downtown Pemota quite often.  A homeless man.  He wore old sweaters, and a brown leather jacket that extended to his hips.  He had brown and grey hair.  He breathed hot garlic breath in Rey’s face.
He said something indecipherable.  Rey was fairly sure the word he said was, “Avocadonine.”
Then, the man began laughing, a wheezing difficult sound, that must have required great exertion.  Rey turned wide-eyed to watch the man walk away, his nervous system shaken.  He could recall seeing this man around town, muttering to himself.  One time, Rey had walked by and the man said, “Name’s Frank.”  But Rey’s horrified expression seemed to sway him away from introducing himself further.
That night, when Rey lied on the grass in the backyard behind his apartment, he tried to organize an ideology in his head that he could carry to school with him each day.  He decided that he would reach a fork in the road soon, and it would be up to him whether or not he was man enough to make the right decisions and meet whatever challenges awaited him, emerge victorious and with no regrets.
A story above, in Isabel’s bedroom, Isabel held Aisha in her arms staring down at Rey through the window, the two of them watching him as he stared at the stars.  Aisha was a four year old adopted girl with blue eyes and light brown hair.  Aisha was looking down at Rey.  “Mom, why is he doing that?”
“Because he wants to babe,” Isabel said.  “Because he wants to.”
“But what’s he doing?”
“He’s thinking.” About what Isabel didn’t know.  “You ever think about what you might like to be when you grow up?”
Aisha pointed nowhere in particular.  “I want to work at Sears.”
Isabel laughed.  “Sears.  Really.”
Aisha’s attention span had dwindled and she was preoccupied by the hat on her head, dropping it on the ground and saying, “Uh oh.”
Isabel picked up the hat readying herself to be irritated.  Aisha was unfazed.  She dropped the hat again after Isabel had put it on her head.  “Uh oh.”
Isabel sighed.  At that moment, the clock radio turned on, a Billy Joel song blaring for a moment, and then it went quiet.  Isabel turned to it quite confused.  The time on the clock that read 9:24 in bright green letters a moment ago was no longer visible.  The clock radio had stopped working.
Aisha dropped her hat on the ground again and said with great dramatics, “Uh oh.”

Chapter 3

Three weeks later, Rey missed the bus.  It was early October and fall was like a medley of violins, cellos, and wind instruments all playing one melancholy note.  Reds, yellows, golds, and browns seemed to reflect the sun’s rays and cause blankets of light to hover in the air like flying carpets.  Summer was over, and on the faces of the students of Pemota High were expressions mourning the summer passed, a quiet reflection on the tone that blew through the air, a realization that it was time for work and routine, that play time was over.
Rey, on the other hand, felt playful that afternoon.  His feeling of playfulness rode on Aba’s smile and her happy mysterious words.  When he walked back from the sidewalk of Pemota High, where Bus 13 had just pulled away, marking his first time missing the bus in his freshman year, he threw open one of the doors on the side of the cheese wedge and walked towards the payphone.  Christy Lane was already there depositing a quarter.  He remembered Aba saying, “I hope you like it,” and reminded himself that Christy could be “it,” since Christy was what he wanted most in the world.  It was time to “man up” as Huron liked to say.
The payphone was buried in a closet which was embedded in the large glossy yellow bricks that made up the hallways of Pemota High.  Next to the payphone closet was a poster admonishing students about the dangers of sexual intercourse.  The poster read, “Pregnancy, STD’s, no thanks.  Wait for sex.”  To the right of that poster was a display case of sculptures people had made in pottery class.  Rey leaned against the yellow bricks opposite the payphone, slightly out of Christy’s line of sight, and slid down the wall to his bottom.  Mr. Chandon was approaching.  He taught Earth Science.  Rey didn’t know this, being new to the ninth grade, but Mr. Chandon was known for sitting in the cafeteria and making fun of Miss Calida’s appearance.  He would say things like, “I forgot to bring my blinders today, and I saw Miss Calida walking down the hall.  Damn.”  No one knew from where this rivalry stemmed, but Mr. Chandon hated Miss Calida so much that each year the ninth graders found it hilarious.  Mr. Chandon gave Rey a quick nod, and Rey turned his attention back to Christy.
Christy was wearing a green blank T-shirt, and blue jeans; her hair was in a pony tail.  None of Christy’s mother’s “fashion don’t’s” had rubbed off.  Christy’s mother was named Radelle Lane.  She had died her hair red so she looked like Raggedy Anne, except with a perm, and a few decades older.  She liked anything that had ruffles – ruffled white blouses, or long ruffled skirts.  None of this complimented her slightly wrinkled face, pronounced jaw, and blue eyes.  Radelle didn’t let Christy get away with anything.  She also liked to compare Christy with Brianna citing Brianna as the achiever and Christy as the failure.
Christy peeked out of the closet to see if anyone was listening.  She saw Rey, gave him a brief polite smile, and Rey smiled back, feeling like Jet Li and Jackie Chan were fighting inside his heart.  Radelle picked up, cleared her throat loudly, and said, “Hello?” in a blaming tone, as if she was disturbed anyone would have the audacity to call her at this time a day: 2:25.
“Mom, it’s Christy,” Christy made her tone sound tragic.  “I missed the bus.”  Christy hit the volume button a few times.
When Radelle spoke Rey could hear her from across the hall.  His palms got sweaty and he wiped them on his Arizona jeans.  “And why did you miss your bus Christy?”  Radelle asked.
“Mr. Chandon made us stay late for science class.”  Christy’s tone was moribund as she was beginning think Radelle wasn’t going to pick her up.
“I don’t suppose he made the entire class stay late, now did he Christy.”  Like a magic eye picture, Radelle was constantly adjusting one’s vision to see the picture beneath the surface.
“We needed the extra time to clean up.  But you have to give me a ride.”  Christy held the phone cord, hanging on every word her mother said.
“No, no, Miss.  You suit up, and walk yourself home.”  Christy looked at her T-shirt wondering what her mother meant.  “It’s only four streets away, and I need to pick up your sister from Leander now.”
It was four streets away, but two long streets.  Harper Way was the first street – that was by the Smokers Corner – then one took a left on Daphne Street, a right onto Nelson’s Drive – that was a quarter of a mile – and then one had to walk three quarters of a mile down Mary Anne Way.
“Mom, I can’t walk home,” Christy said, “Huxley, Der, and Joe are on the Smokers Corner.”
Rey’s attention got a shot of dopamine at that declaration.  He could offer to walk Christy home.  That would be gallant enough to win her approval, and furtive enough that she wouldn’t suspect his interest.  It was ninth grade now, even Christy must want a boyfriend.
“Huxley and those boys?” Radelle asked.
“Mmm hmmm,” Christy said.
“Fine.  I’ll pick you up and you can come for the ride to Leander.”  Radelle certainly thought Huxley, Der, and Joe sounded like jerks, but didn’t think a few ninth grade boys could pose much of a threat.  Also, she wanted Christy and Brianna to spend time together in which she mediated to dissolve some of the hatred between them.
“Radelle.  Raaaaaadelle.”  Christy said the name sing-song.  Radelle hated being called by her first name and Christy had often been able to annoy her mother into giving into her way on smaller matters.  “Raaaaadelle.”
Rey stifled a laugh.  It sounded funny.
“Christy, don’t be a brat.  You know I hate it when you do that.”
“Then drive me home.”
“If I drive you home I’ll be late to pick up Brianna.  And Christy, Brianna didn’t miss her bus.”
Christy had grown accustomed to ignoring these comparisons.  “Mom, I can’t deal with Brianna for a whole hour.”
“I don’t see what’s so bad about these boys anyways.”
“Mom, they’re crazy.”
Rey slid his back up the yellow brick wall, and took a breath.  He was going to offer to walk with Christy.
“Then come for the ride,” Radelle said, unfazed.
Christy let out a long exasperated sigh.  “I’ll take my chances.”  She hung up the phone and reached down to the chair to pick up her backpack.  She stepped out of the closet looking morose.
Rey approached her.  “Hey.”
Christy looked perplexed.  “Hey.”
“I heard your conversation.  I was wondering if maybe I should walk with you.”
Christy thought this was kind and deserving of a return of friendliness.  “You mean in case they try to jump on me or something?”
Rey laughed.  “Yeah.”
Christy smiled.  “Sure.  Yeah, that’s nice of you.”
Rey didn’t know much about girls, or dating, and even less about flirting.  One day, when Jet Mead, an eighth grader, and fellow soccer player at Lighthouse Point, had got kicked in the shin, Rey sat on the sideline keeping him company.  Jet had been dating since sixth grade, which made him more experienced than Rey.  The thing Jet said that stuck, that Rey called upon now, was Jet saying girls didn’t think looks were everything, that personality went a few lights years farther.  Rey thought if he could get to be her friend, the Cosmos was the limit.
The Smokers Corner awaited – a short walk down the hallway, and then a left at the edge of the cheese wedge wall.  Christy and Rey turned and walked side by side down the hallway.  The hallway was deserted and above them two lights flickered on and off like a scene out of a horror movie.
Rey said, “I had to stay late for woodshop with Mr. Murray.”  He hoisted his backpack up and said the name with disdain.  “If your stations not clear by 2:15 he gets really pissy.  Even if you’re going to miss your bus he’ll make you stay.  I guess he thinks he can’t just put someone’s wood stool on the shelf for them.”
Christy smiled and sounded enthusiastic when she spoke.  “I know.  That’s what Mr. Chandon is like too.  It’s not like it would be that difficult to clean up after one or two people.  God forbid should he be late for his after school students.”  There was an awkward silence between them.  “We’re making potted plants.  Huxley keeps joking that he’s going to grow marijuana and give it to Mr. Chandon for an A in the class.  He thinks Mr. Chandon smokes pot.  And he thinks he’s funny because he’s Huxley.”
“Are they mean to you?  Nadine’s Puppies.”
Christy took a breath and Rey realized she was nervous.  “Last year, Joe Chen asked me out.  Then Huxley said, ‘The only reason he asked you that Christy is to get closer to your sister.”
Rey desperately tried to think of something funny to say.  “Don’t worry.  Whatever happens, just remember Huxley is supposedly the worst kisser ever.”
Christy laughed.  “You heard that too?”
Rey smiled feeling delighted.  “Yeah, James Owens told me.  Lots of girls say it.  Huxley has even heard it before.”
“You’re in my Spanish class right?”  Christy grew more relaxed.
“Uh, yeah,” he said as if he’d barely noticed it.
Christy wanted to talk about Viola Specks.  It was important to her to talk to someone about Viola.  But she decided that she and Rey barely knew each other and it would be inappropriate.  Viola Specks was fat and she sat in front of Rey in Spanish.  A lot of people made fun of Viola for being so fat, and Viola often leaned her head on her desk as if she was trying to find cover in the middle of combat.  But that wasn’t the worst part.  Christy had heard a rumor that Viola’s father beat her.  Rey wanted to talk to somebody about this too because recently Viola’s shirt had rolled up and he saw reddish purple marks on her back.  Instead, Christy decided to ask Rey about their Spanish teacher Ms. Carmen.
“What do you think of Ms. Carmen?”  She said.
“I think she needs a guy.”  
“A boyfriend?”
This was based on something Rey once heard Huron say.  “Yeah, she’s so uptight.  She needs some love in her life.”
“Oh,” Christy laughed.
Now, they were at the edge of the cheese wedge wall and they turned to reveal what they had expected: Huxley, Der, and Joe were on the Smokers Corner.  Christy saw Der first, his skateboard under his right arm, wearing a T-shirt that read, “Dope” – the name of a local band.  Huxley was wearing a striped shirt as usual; his blond hair was long in back, and gelled up in front.  Joe Chen was sitting on the bench which was two wide logs and three two-by-fours on top, inhaling smoke off his Kool.  He wore a hat that read, “Just do it,” and he had embroidered a nude woman impaling herself on the “d,” while in Graphic Arts.  All three of them were wearing identical cargo shorts, which Christy wondered if they had planned, but decided that would be girlish, and was just a coincidence.
“Huxley, I got an idea,” Der said.
Huxley had yet to notice Christy and Rey, and he had heard this phrase from Der before always about the newsletter.  Der was always coming up with end of the article punch lines, ideas on layout, or ways to get the newsletter to more people – like throwing a bunch of copies in every classroom just as the teachers were leaving for the day.
“Der,” Huxley straddled the bench and sat down next to Joe, “It’s your newsletter.”  Huxley was tired of talking about the newsletter.  He didn’t write the articles, didn’t come up with the ideas, and didn’t care whether or not people came up to him in the hall and said, “Funny article Huxley.”  The newsletter was getting old.
Above them the branches of Douglas fir blew in the wind which was strong today.  Acorns like caterpillar cocoons fell on the grass.  The Smokers Corner was inhabited by three others on this after school smoking session.  Sarah Wein was sucking on a Marlboro.  Her boyfriend Jonas Wilson was with her.  And their friend Jared McCurry had joined the smoking session.  The three of them were seniors and had no interest in the affairs of the ninth graders.
“Huxley, I read about this,” Der said.  “You got your switchblade?”
Switchblades were legal in Pemota, but carrying them concealed was not.  Huxley had sent away for his.  He slipped through the school’s doors each day switchblade in pocket, unbeknownst to the authorities, because Pemota High never had or would need metal detectors.
“Is this the PTSD thing?”  Joe asked, as he stomped on a cigarette.
Der had learned about Post Traumatic Stress Disorder from The Deer Hunter.  He found it on the internet and learned it was caused by intense fear and anger under helpless conditions.  Der thought it was possible to institute the disorder without a combat circumstance.  Huxley and Joe strongly disagreed.
“Der,” Huxley chided, “That’s for people in Vietnam.”
“This will be like Vietnam,” Der said, “Just do what I say.”
Huxley and Joe looked at each other.  Joe gave a shrug and that was enough for them both  to know they would go along with what Der had in mind.  Der pointed to the wide arcing sidewalk corner, “Stand there, pop it out, and show it to them.”
Joe said under his breath, “That’s what she said.”
Huxley laughed at Joe’s favorite thing to say.  It never seemed to get old.  Christy and Rey were approaching cautiously.  Then Christy stopped.  Huxley was standing there with a switchblade in his hand.  He held his hand knuckles up.  Then he dropped the switchblade to his side and started doing Karate like movements with it.
Rey looked at Christy noticing she had turned bright red.  “Huxley, if you hurt us you’re going to jail,” she screamed.
“Tell them if they ignore the insults they can gain entrance to Harper Way,” Der said.
“If you ignore the insults you can gain entrance to Harper Way,” Huxley said adding a few Karate chops.
Normally, Huxley didn’t intimidate Rey.  But normally, Huxley didn’t have a switchblade in his hand.  A thick powerful wind shook Rey and Christy’s T-shirts around as they pushed forward but going nowhere.  The Douglas fir Trees shielded the Smokers Corner.  Rey thought the smartest decision was to go back to the school.  He could sit with Christy and wait for a ride, but then Christy would have to meet his Mom, and that would surely be embarrassing.  He also didn’t want to look like a “pussy” as Huxley had called him in front of both Christy and Huxley.
“What do you want to do?”  Rey asked.
“They won’t do anything,” Christy said.  She put her hand on Rey’s back and pushed him forward with her.  She walked forward determined.
On the Smokers Corner, Der had taken Huxley’s place on the bench.  “Verbal assault,” he said quietly.  “It’s what PTSD was made for.”
“You sure, Der?”  Joe asked.
Der nodded then called out: “Hey Christy.  Did you hear David Benson has a horse named Christy?  We all sit around wondering if you like to hang out in his stable.”
“That ponytail is like a mane,” Joe joined in, “You can just hold on to it and go for a ride.”  Joe found this comment extremely depressing as he did think Christy was pretty, and would barely acknowledge it to himself.
“Christy, let us take turns.  Let us ride you like you’re a pony.”  Der stood up at that point, and threw his arm forward like he was punching them.  “Rey, is that your bitch, because I’ve seen better looking horses at the Kentucky Derby.”
As they approached, Huxley rounded the arcing corner doing karate moves, keeping them aware of the switchblade.  Christy had tears in her eyes Rey noticed.  He put his hand on her back briefly.  His heart was doing jumping jacks, his face was blushed, and he felt sweat seeping out of every pore in his body.
“Aw, the stable masters come to give the horse a pat on the back.  To be a beastiality loving stable master from Mexico.”  Der looked at Joe who seemed to be speechless.  “Rey when you ask her for her number make sure it’s not her racing ID.  I’m sure she’s stamped somewhere.  They’ve got her on file at the racing bureau.  You can probably get her number there.”
Christy and Rey were feet away from Harper Way and in twenty more yards would be free as flying sparrows.  Rey was dying to stand up for her.  Sarah stood up for them instead.  “Jesus Christ guys, leave them alone.  They didn’t do anything to you.”
Der paid Sarah no mind.  “Does your sister ride you at home?  Is that why you hate her so much?  Does she pull on the reins and dig her spurs into your sides.”
Christy was growing more and more infuriated.  She began to feel like she was going to explode and that her whole life would be ruined if she didn’t say something.
“Hey Christy,” Huxley said, sounding very uncharacteristically serious.  “What’s it like to always be second?  What’s it like when everywhere you go you’re just a reminder of Brianna? She’s cooler, smarter, prettier.  You’re just the little sister that’s always about to cry.”
Christy turned to Huxley, her hands balled into fists. “What’s it like to always be first Huxley?  What’s it like to have a sister that’s dead?  What’s it like to have no one to stop you from messing up your life because no one cares about you?  What’s it like ...”  She stopped when she saw Huxley’s facial expression.
For Rey everything seemed to stop in that moment.  Then time got reinstated.  Huxley’s smile was gone, and he started to walk towards them.  Christy and Rey saw his cold vicious eyes and they ran.  They were at the end of Harper Way, when Huxley started to give chase.  Der and Joe followed, Der on his skateboard.  Both Der and Joe were worried Huxley was going to kill or maim them.  Rey was leading the way and they took a right off of Harper Way.  When they were partway down Daphne St. Christy said, “Rey, my house is back that way.”
To their left was an apartment complex known as Sage Court, and to their right were middle class homes with large backyards in front of a forest that stretched for acres and acres.  Christy turned towards the houses and made a hot route between two homes, saying “Come on.  Der’s got a skateboard.”
They could hear Huxley screaming, “You’re dead,” behind them as they bounded towards the Forest.  Rey thought the woods were a bad idea.  At least, on the street people could hear them scream.  But he gathered the plan was to stay off the road so Der couldn’t catch them.
“No Trespassing” signs in bright orange with black backgrounds stuck to two Douglas fir Trees, but Rey and Christy paid them no mind.  The forest was under the jurisdiction of the Pemota Land Conservancy because it was thought to be of use to students at Pemota High who were studying latitude and longitude coordinates.  The ground was covered with glossy brown pine cones from the Apache Pine Trees, and pine needles from the Ponderosa Pines.  In seventh grade, Rey’s science class had gone into this forest on Yom Kippur when most of the class was absent and Mr. Lenci had pointed out all the caterpillars who ate the needles of the Ponderosa Pine, and let them smell the tree’s bark which smelled of vanilla.
This memory was fleeting to Rey, as he was already out of breath, and fearing for his unscarred face.  He looked back to see Huxley had turned off Daphne Street and headed down the same route they were taking.  He could hear Joe calling, “Huxley, chill out.”  And Der flipped his skateboard up, caught it, and followed Huxley.  Christy was yards ahead of Rey, snaking between the trees.  He felt pine cones crunch under his feet and smelled the pine, and sap, and dew.  It had rained recently.  He sprinted and caught up with Christy.  They ran deeper and deeper into the forest.
“This way,” Christy said.
When Rey turned around again he didn’t see Huxley.  He guessed Huxley had stopped running and was now stalking them like a cat in the high grass zeroing in on two mice.  “I think we lost them,” Rey finally said.
Christy tried to catch her breath, as she flung her backpack on the ground.  Rey copied her.  “We should keep moving,” he said.
“I’m sorry I did that Rey.”
“Nah, they deserved it.”
“You want to just keep walking until we come out the other side?”
“Wouldn’t know which way to go.”
“I do.  We were headed straight for awhile and then we turned left, so,” Christy shrugged, “That way.”  She pointed.
They hoisted their backpacks on their shoulders and began walking, continually checking behind them expecting to see Huxley.  He wasn’t there.  Soon enough, the two of them relaxed.
“So how come I never see you, except in Spanish?”  Christy asked.
“I take all standard classes, I guess.”
“You’re lucky.  Advanced sucks.  I have Ms. Aster.”
“What’s Ms. Aster been like this year?”
“Well, almost the whole class failed the first exam.  And no one knows what they are going to do.  I mean I could be getting A’s in standard.  This is the first year we have to start worrying about college you know?  Can’t Ms. Aster just save the hard tests for the end of the semester?  It’s just so not fair.”  Christy slapped her shoulder trying to get a mosquito.  “So I told my Mom I wanted to transfer to standard and she said I couldn’t since Brianna didn’t.”
Rey had to stop his mouth before he said something about Brianna which he thought would be a bad idea.  “Where are you thinking this leads to?”  He looked up at the patches of blue in the sky between the branches of the Douglas firs above.
“I’m pretty sure these are the woods behind Pleasant St.”
They walked in silence for a short while.  Rey thought Christy seemed extremely loosened up and comfortable.  He wanted to talk about something personal that would distinguish him from all the other people she talked to, so he wasn’t just another pine needle on the branch.  At least, they had one thing in common: they both hated Huxley, Der, and Joe.
“Do you think high school is going to suck?”  Christy asked.
Rey had spent the entire summer wondering this.  Would he have any friends?  Would everyone start smoking pot?  “I just hope I meet cool people,” Rey said.  “And get to have some fun in between all the work.”
“Do you think I’m a cool person?”
“Yeah.  A really cool person.”
Christy smiled.  She turned to him still smiling.  “Who do you hang out with?”
“Huron Anderson and James Owens, and a lot of people at my apartment complex and I play soccer a lot.  Who do you hang out with?”
“Annette Oslow, and Jenine Godfrey.  Most people in our class are like Huxley and Der and Joe.  All they care about is people thinking they’re so cool.”
“I know,” Rey said.
“Huron and James care about it a lot.”
“No, they’re not snobbish or anything.  They just dress like they care about it.”
“I don’t really know them, I guess.”  There was a short silence.  “You should meet Annette.  Annette is so nice.  She doesn’t care about how anyone dresses.  Annette had a boyfriend at camp this summer who was twenty years old.  His name was Jim and he drove a Saab.  Annette told me that every night he would bring her mixed drinks and they would walk on the beach together.  Annette drinks but she’s not an alcoholic or anything.”
“I’ve only been drunk once.  And that was at a New Years Eve party a few years ago when no one paid attention to the punch bowl.”  Rey laughed.
“It was fun right?”  Christy looked at Rey curiously.
“Yeah, it was.  You don’t know?”
Christy shook her head.  “I’ve never been drunk.”
Rey could see a yellow house ahead blocked by many trees.  They couldn’t already have made it all the way to Pleasant Street, Rey thought.  He turned to Christy confused, and she furrowed her eyebrows feeling the same way.
“Come on,” Rey said, running towards the yellow home with Christy on his heels.  They were facing the back of the home.  It appeared to only be one story unless it contained an attic and it had square stained glass windows around the entire perimeter, underneath the edge of the roof.  The windows were too muddled for Rey to notice what they were pictures of without a closer look and he didn’t investigate them further.  The house also possessed a turret which was two stories; it had windows in the second story facing the home, and a large upside down ice cream cone-like roof.  There appeared to be skylights on the roof of the home, four on each side.
Christy was baffled.  “Do you think anyone lives here?”
“I don’t know.  We can knock.”
The front of the home had a red painted door, which was a strange contrast with the yellow exterior, and two windows at the top which Rey tried to look through but wasn’t tall enough for.  There were no windows on the left or right sides of the door.
Christy jerked her head to the right.  They gave each other a fearful look.  Voices approaching.  Christy ran along the side of the home towards the turret.  Rey followed her hearing a sound of someone hitting metal.  Christy was hitting a metal door in front of the turret that was on the same level as the ground and was hidden by a layer of wet fall leaves.  The leaves appeared to be stuck to the door.  Christy pulled the right side of the two doors open and Rey remembered seeing a door like this at the apartment owned by the manager of Lighthouse Point.  It led to his basement.  Christy saw concrete steps underneath the door.
“Come on,” Christy whispered.  The two of them climbed down the steps and Rey closed the door.  They walked towards a staircase illuminated by the light coming in the upstairs windows of the turret.  Rey and Christy climbed the steps carefully, with their shoes sideways because the steps were thin.  When they got to the second floor of the turret they found a short landing where they could sit and look out the window.  They put their backpacks against the wall and Christy put her finger to her mouth indicating “quiet.”
The voices neared.  They sat side by side underneath the window their hearts doubling in productivity.  Christy turned to him thinking he was uncomfortable because he hadn’t been this close to many girls.  Then, they both froze when they heard Huxley call out, “Private property.”  For a moment they both worried he was talking to them, but quickly decided he thought someone had built a home on property that wasn’t their own.
“Knock on the door,” Joe said.  “Find out who lives here.”
Rey began feeling claustrophobic and phobic period.  They heard the sound of Huxley rapping on the red door.  “See if it’s locked,” they heard Der say.  Both Rey and Christy turned looking out the turret’s window through the skylights on the roof to see Huxley, Der, and Joe walking into the home.  They’re voices were inaudible.  Rey found himself thinking that the home seemed to only contain one room, which Huxley probably realized too.  There was something about this place that just didn’t add up.  Who builds a home with one room, a turret, and stained glass windows all around the upper perimeter?
Sitting this close to Christy was torturous.  He knew he couldn’t kiss her now, but he felt his attraction being broadcast from every cell in his body.  The two of them saw Huxley, Der, and Joe leaving the home and heard them walking along the perimeter.  They spoke in hushed mesmerized voices.
“Like my own personal bachelor pad,” Der said.
“That’s what I’m thinking,” Huxley said.  “Get some beers, some girls, some sleeping bags.”
“We need like a couch for this place,” Joe said.
Rey looked at Christy and rolled his eyes, both of them thinking someone could show up and claim this place at any time like in Goldilocks and the Three Bears.  In this case, Goldilocks had two sidekicks.  As their voices receded they heard Der say quietly, “This is the new crib for Nadine’s Puppies.”
“They might just be waiting for us,” Christy said.
“Nah,” Rey said, “There gone.”
“Wait a little while longer.”
Rey nodded.  They sat in silence, Rey thinking about Aba, and her knowing smile, the way she had invited him in, said, “I’ve been expecting you,” only to deny she ever knew his name in the first place.  His mind traversed over his private conversation with himself looking up at the stars a few weeks ago.  He thought of book number 98, and Ryan O’toole’s bizarre effect on radios.  He felt filled with confidence, because Aba’s smile must have meant he was destined to succeed in whatever trials these circumstances offered.
“To town or to your house?”  Rey asked Christy quietly.
“I’ve got to go home,” Christy said.  “I mean we could go to Melanie’s, if you want.”
Rey felt like he didn’t want to ruin an encounter by adding too much to it.  “I need to get home too,” he said.  “I liked talking with you today.”
“Yeah,” Christy said, “It was scary, but also kinda fun.”  Then she gave a big sigh.  “I’ve got to go have dinner with my sister now.”
“Don’t sweat it.  We could always live here with Huxley.”
“Yeah, I’m not sure which would be worse.”
“I should probably walk with you,” Rey said.
“No.  I don’t think Huxley’s going to do anything.  They’re over it.”
Rey thought for a moment.  “Yeah.  You won’t see them.”
Christy picked up her backpack and headed down the stairs cautiously.  Rey followed.  They got out of the basement, through the metal door.  Christy smiled at him.  “I’ll see you in school tomorrow.”
Rey smiled back and waved saying, “Later.”  He walked towards Pleasant Street where he would meet up with Isabel and get a ride home.  Isabel would want to know why he’d missed the bus and was covered with pine needles.  But all Rey could think about as he walked was if he had a chance with Christy.  Finally, as The Pemota Gazette neared he decided to lie to Isabel.  Rey rarely lied to Isabel but this time an appointment with a guidance counselor and Huxley’s parents seemed a foreboding possibility.  Rey wasn’t going to risk that.  And besides, he was beginning to think he could handle things on his own.

Chapter 4

Christy thought of her life as complicated.  There was National Honors Society if she became an overachiever, after school help if she became an underachiever, and Community Service if she just wanted to look good on a college application.  Yet now, as she walked along Mary Anne Way, on her way home after her encounter with Rey and Nadines Puppies, her eyes on the horizon, life seemed simple.  There was her, walking along the earth, staring at the sun in the sky, and that was all.
When she thought about the last time she felt so free, worry-less, and at peace with her circumstances and her surroundings, she felt maybe she had felt this way when George pushed her on the swing set as a little girl.  She could remember screaming as she got higher and higher and George would pretend she’d knocked him over with the force of her return.  The swing set was still there, now covered with fall leaves, and visible from Christy’s room on the second story of their white stucco home.  To Christy, it always looked sad, perhaps because it was imbued with so much nostalgia.
However, regardless of all the time that had passed, Christy would always be George’s little girl.  He got angry with her plenty, and Christy had spent her share of dinner times alone in her room with hardly a few bites in her stomach, but George never decided favorites between her and Brianna.  It didn’t matter to George that Brianna had a 3.8 GPA and attended Leander; it was common practice for each person at the dinner table to get a chance to talk about each of their respective lives as equals.  In an hour they would, no doubt, continue with this tradition.
It was 3:45, and the sun was sitting on a crown of purple surrounded cumulus clouds.  Christy picked up her pace because she was expecting a call from Annette at four o’clock and wanted to make it back in time.  Soon enough, the trees in her neighbor’s yard scrolled by like the backdrop of an old movie and her driveway came into view.  George’s blue metallic Chevy Equinox was in the driveway.  He was home early.
George was a Structural Engineer.  His passion for order and style dominated the Lane’s impressive looking but unemotional home.  The living room was hard wood floors holding black leather chairs and a glass coffee table.  Their kitchen was walled off by wooden criss-crossing walls that were see-through due to the large number of missing triangles in them.  Across from the kitchen, and down a hallway, were two flights of stairs, which led to Christy and Brianna’s bedrooms.  
Christy cut through their front yard, heading for a big boulder between the only two trees in the yard.  She jumped on it happily as if it were a button that administered a shot of serotonin to her brain.  She bypassed the path of red bricks that led from the driveway to their front orange door.  When she opened the door, Ruffenstein, a male Yorkshire Terrier with a mustache on both sides of his snout, began barking.  Christy rubbed his head which quickly calmed him down.
She jogged up the steps, hearing computer keys clicking in George’s office, and entered her room where a smattering of inspirational posters always caught her attention first.  One read: “The road to success is dotted with many tempting parking places.”  The motivational maxims kept her from procrastinating.  She had a blue rug and bedspread, which friends often told her was boyish, but Christy had never liked pink.  She had painted her desk purple, and had a purple cordless phone to match.  She threw her backpack on the floor and dove onto her bed, turning over and reaching for the remote control on her night stand as she often did.
A popular children’s cartoon called Skywarriors was on.  Skytopps, one of the hero’s was picking up a helicopter, propelling himself into the air, and throwing it at one of the villains, named Geotine.  Skywarriors were manufactured by a company called Payne who sold them for a little under one-hundred dollars each.  They had a helicopter blade on their back that allowed them to fly.  Brianna once bragged to Christy how she extorted fifty dollars from a woman while working at Lots For Littles.  The woman was under the impression the toys were reserved.  “Fifty bucks,” Brianna had said conspiratorially.  The woman was so ecstatic to be able to buy one for her nephew that she gladly surrendered the cash.
Christy didn’t feel like changing the channel, largely because she was exhausted from the afternoon’s events.  Her purple phone rang, two short rings and then a long one, and she picked it up.  When she heard Annette’s voice she smiled.
“Hey Christy.  You sure get around,” Annette said with mock disapproval.  This always made Christy laugh.
“Annette, who told you?”  She said.
“Freddie Prinze Junior and Orlando Bloom.”
“They’re always talking about me.  It’s so not cool.”
Annette laughed. “Speaking of sluts, is the bitch back yet?”  She imitated a movie advertiser’s voice.  “This fall, from Leander, ‘the bitch is back.’”
“No, she’ll be home at four-thirty.”  Christy laboriously got up and put her feet on the floor letting out an expression of exasperation.
“I just got back from volleyball practice.  We kicked major butt.  Did you do your math homework yet?”  Annette had transferred out of standard math because she thought it was too easy.  Ms. Aster, however, was not one to be a pushover, and Annette had to call Christy nearly every night for help with math homework because she had missed so much material from the beginning of the school year.
“No.  I haven’t been home.”
“Where have you been?” Annette asked.
Christy blew her bangs off her forehead.  “Running from Huxley.”
“Get out.”
“You sure you want to hear this?”
“Yes, darlin’.  Spare no detail.”
Christy told her all about the trials of the afternoon.  She told her how Rey had offered to walk with her, about confronting Huxley, Der, and Joe, and running through the woods.  She even told her about the deserted home, the turret, and the basement like door.  Annette interjected every once in awhile with a question or a quiet, “Oh my God.”  Christy finished by explaining that she was able to walk home in peace, that they weren’t waiting for her.
“Christy do you think they might really hurt you?”
“No.  They just wanted to scare me.  I hope.”  Then after a long silence on the line: “I have no idea.”
“Saying that to Huxley must have been such a rush.”
Christy looked at an 8-ball on her desk, as a meaningless message rose to the surface.  As she had walked down Daphne St., she had put her feelings about the afternoon’s events into words.  Christy and Annette had been friends for almost two years.  They met in seventh grade swim class when Annette had told Christy she really needed to cut her toe-nails and this had started a discussion filled with laughter.  To this day, Christy rarely went a few days without checking to see they hadn’t grown too long.
Christy sighed.  There was a silence on the line.  “All the time, no matter where I am, I feel this feeling.  Like a weight.  Like a storm cloud.  That was the first time I didn’t feel it.  Running from Huxley.”
“What do you think causes it?”
“Brianna.  And being second.”
“Christy, you can’t spend your whole life competing with your sister.  Who cares what Brianna thinks?  And especially, who cares what Huxley thinks.  The only reason Huxley said all that stuff is because he thinks your sis is hot.”
“It really hurt my feelings.”
“Well, hopefully you really hurt his.”  Annette was suddenly struck by a notion.  “Christy, maybe you should go out with him.”
Christy put the eight ball down and stood up.  “With who?”
“With Rey Naresh you little bimbo.  Who else?”
Rey was all right looking she supposed, but Christy had never had a boyfriend before, and would never have expected to start a relationship running from Huxley and friends.  “I don’t know.”
“You so should.  Do you know Mike Elsetta kissed Gabrielle Reese?”
“Yeah.  You told me.”  Christy hit the power button on the remote and turned off Skywarriors.
“Have you met Mike Elsetta’s foreign exchange student?”
The ninth grade French class was doing a foreign exchange program and the Americans had spent the summer with their student in France. “No.”
“Her name is Blanche Dupont and she thinks she’s the prettiest girl ever.  Last Friday, Mike wanted me to hang out with him and Blanche at the reservoir in the middle of the night.  And...”
“What’s at the reservoir in the middle of the night?”
“The towns water supply.  And drinking Bud Light.”
“Oh.”  Why hadn’t Annette invited her?  Maybe Annette thought she’d never go for it.
“Blanche was there and all she did the entire time was talk about her face, all the flaws on it, which there are none of course.  And every time Mike said something about her looks she would blush.  That’s the last time I’m hanging out with Blanche Dupont.”
“All the guys think she’s hot.”
“Yeah, well, guys will think any French foreign exchange student is hot.”
“Huxley likes her.”  Christy only realized that now because she had noticed him talking to a pretty girl she hadn’t seen before in the hallway.  That must have been Blanche.
“Huxley can blow horses for all I care.  Today he pinched Viola Speck’s butt and offered to sell her to Jason Masago for three dollars.”
“That’s so messed up.”
“Viola is such a sweet girl Christy.  I mean she can’t help that she’s fat.  Besides, she played volleyball like all the time to try to lose the weight.  She stopped playing volleyball this year though and no one knows why.  She was the best setter and everyone loved her.  There’s some rumor going around about her and Mike said that it’s too horrible to repeat.  I’ve got to know what it is.”
Christy fell down on her bed; a short silence.  “I don’t know Annette.  It is horrible.”
Annette was chewing on a Nutri-grain bar now and Christy could hear her munching as she said, “Tell me.”
Christy felt her eyes tearing up.  She wiped them with her hands.  “Her father beats her.”
“Oh no.  Who did you hear that from?”
Christy heard noises downstairs.  She listened for a moment and heard Brianna coddling Ruffenstein.  Christy rolled her eyes when she heard Brianna say to the dog, “Hey Ruffenstein.  My warrior prince.”
“Brianna’s home.”  She adjusted her weight on the bed.   “I heard it from Blair Carlyle in science class.  I think everyone in the ninth grade is talking about it.”
“Christy we have to do something.”
“Have you ever met her father?”
“Yeah.  Lots of times.  His name’s Jack.  He’s very macho.  But I mean so is Dwayne Johnson.  Yet, I did see him at The Pub every time we went this summer.”  Annette sounded disappointed in herself, like she should have stopped the abuse before it started.
“Why did you go to The Pub?”
“Lois, my brother’s girlfriend, would drive us.  We would go there and order cheese fries.  When we had the munchies.”  Annette sounded a little too happy to just be talking about cheese fries.
“You were smoking?”
“Only a couple times.”
Christy knew she would never smoke marijuana even if they legalized it.  She felt a distance growing between her and Annette.  Annette was acting loose-tongued.  Perhaps Annette was trying to measure up to Christy’s interesting story about Huxley with stories of her own.
 “Christy, come downstairs,” Radelle called. “And say hello to your sister for God’s sake.”
“Jeez,” Christy said.
“Christy, don’t worry,” Annette said.  “I’m not going to smoke at all during the school year.  It was just a couple times.  Because Lois does it.”
“No.  That wasn’t what I was saying jeez to.  My sisters downstairs.  I have to go.”
“All right.  Call me later.  I need your help on section 3.2.  And we’ll talk about Viola.”
“Okay.  Bye Annette.”
She hung up the phone.  The patterns on the ceiling seemed to be calling her attention like clouds in the sky that took certain fortuitous shapes.  She stared for a short while before going to face her family.  How odd it was to come upon that home in the woods, she thought – how extraordinary, the turret, the stained glass windows.  “I wonder what they were pictures of?” She asked herself out loud.  She removed the scrunchy from her hair.  She headed for the stairs and George was standing on the opposite flight, two stairs up, smiling at her.
“How’s my little lady doing?” George asked.
Christy shrugged.  “Okay.  I guess.”
“Great.  Then put on your best happy face and don’t start any fights.”  George turned, stepping down the steps.
“Well then can you tell her to wear a mask.”
He walked back towards her.  “If you don’t want dinner, you just go right back upstairs.”
“All right, I’ll try.”  Christy began to fall on each step as if she weighed a ton.
When the entire elementary school heard from Brianna that she had just had her period, Christy felt a murderous rage for her sister.  That moment had a way of time traveling, meeting up with her, regardless of how long ago it was, and weighing her down.  No amount of mediation on the part of the principal had helped.  Brianna refused to see a guidance counselor with Christy.  Over the years, Brianna had become less confrontational -- Christy remained unrelenting. 
Brianna was now sitting at the table barking at Ruffenstein.  Brianna had dyed her hair and eyebrows dark brown.  She wore her hair in a bun and would say to almost anyone, “When you look like Audrey Hepburn, you can wear your hair however you want.”  Boys agreed.  Brianna looked like a movie star.  The part that was called for, judging from the non-prescription dark rimmed glasses she wore, was a promiscuous secretary.
Christy walked through the entrance way to the kitchen.  George was sitting down at the head of the table to a meal of meatloaf, green beans, and mashed potatoes.  Brianna would be served a steak because Radelle wanted to make her feel special.  Christy took a quick second to notice what Brianna was wearing: bootleg jeans, a violet v-neck T-shirt, and yellow rimmed glasses. 
“Welcome home Brianna,” Christy said.
“So nice to see you too, Miss Christy,” Brianna said as she placed a napkin on her lap.  “And how are the other ninth graders?”
“Oh, they’re just fine.  Looking for you I imagine.”
“Christy,” George warned like she was a dog staring at a bagel on the table.
“Oh, father.  Let her express her latent sexual frustration, or else she’ll become a lesbian or kill herself,” Brianna said cheerfully.
Radelle put a plate in front of Brianna, and began serving herself a large spoonful of mashed potatoes.  “So Huxley and the boys didn’t try to string you up?”  Radelle asked.
“No, they did,” Christy said.
Radelle was quite familiar with Christy’s jibes at her parenting.  “Well Christy, you are still alive.”
“Someone helped me.”  Christy felt a small smile on her lips and looked up from the green beans to see Brianna glaring at her.
“A Prince Charming rescued her from the depths of despair,” Brianna said.
Christy wiped the smile off her lips.  “No, it was just some boy.  I barely know him.”
“That’s good, Christy,” Radelle said.  “Ninth grade is a fine time for boys.  What’s this boy’s name?”
“His name is Rey Naresh or something.”
“Is this some ‘spic and span’ boy?”  Brianna said bitterly, picking Ruffenstein up.
George looked sideways at Brianna.  “Not at the table.”
“‘Spic and span’?” Radelle asked.
“Dad,” Christy said, “She’s making racist comments.”
“‘Spic and span’ isn’t racist Christy,” Brianna said.  “‘Spic and Span’ means Hispanic and Spanish.”
“The way you said it was racist.  And, of course it’s racist.  There’s no reason to call someone Hispanic and Spanish, they mean the same thing.”  Christy felt she gained some more rope in tonight’s tug-of-war with Brianna.
“Actually,” Brianna said, “Spanish is the language and the people who speak it are Hispanic.  Portugese and Brazilians speak Spanish but they are known as Lusitanic.  But you wouldn’t know anything about that now would you Christy.”
“Christy’s right,” George said.  “It’s a disrespectful term.  You’ve used it before and we’ve overlooked it.  But I don’t want to hear it at this table again.”  George smiled and raised his eyebrows.  “Around the table we go.  Each person gets a chance to talk about their day, their life, and no one interrupts.  Understood?”
“Tell us the story, Christy,” Brianna said, a little too interested to be sincere, “about this Prince Charming who rescued you from the evil clutches of Nadine’s Puppies.”
Christy tugged on the rope, saying, “aren’t we supposed to start with you Brianna?”
“But my life isn’t embarrassing,” Brianna said.
“Tell us what classes your taking, Brianna,” Radelle said.
“Okay,” Brianna said.  “I’m taking Myth and the Modern Man.  That’s my english course.  I’m taking French – the language of L-O-V-E.  I’m taking an online course called Crime and Punishment.  Mr. Taylor is the bomb-diggity.  I’m taking Introduction to Logic.  And I’m taking Political Science, of course, since that’s going to be my major.  Mr. Dagan, my Political Science professor, says I’m one of the most promising students he’s ever taught.”
“Promising what,” Christy mumbled.
The three of them ignored Christy.
“My roommates name is Ariel,” Brianna continued, “She likes to knit.”
“What do you do on the weekends?” Radelle asked.
“The weekends are going to be righteous.  I need some cash-ola and Deedee still works at Lots For Littles so she said I can come back.  So Friday I’m going to take the bus here and work Saturday and Sunday.”
Christy nearly dropped her head into her mashed potatoes.  She was going to have to see Brianna every weekend?  She felt the storm cloud above her pulsating with moisture and ready to burst.
“I remember college weekends at Leander,” George said.  George had gone to Leander and majored in Civil Engineering.  “You won’t be missing much.  Just a bunch of kids getting drunk.”
“Those are her week nights, Dad,” Christy said.
“Ariel and I knitted Ruffenstein a sweater.”  Brianna glared at Christy.  “Ariel is a genius at knitting and this sweater is the best.  Ariel hurt her finger in a paper shredder so she’s pretty much crippled.  Her finger isn’t so bad she can’t use it but she’s still pretty much crippled.”
“It’s not as if cripples have anything better to do than knit your dog a sweater.”  Christy bit down on a mouthful of mashed potatoes, as if trying to kill herself with an excess of them.
“Stop it, Christy,” Radelle said.
“Mom, you don’t even know who she is,” Christy said.
Christy had heard Brianna hooked up with frat boys two at a time in 11th Grade.  There was no telling the kind of mischief she got herself into at Leander.  It certainly didn’t include knitting.
“Brianna, this is your family,” Radelle said.  “You don’t lie to us.  If you don’t knit, you don’t knit.”
“Okay.  So I don’t knit.  But school is going really well.  I feel like I’m going to do something really big with my life.  Really important.”
“Like doing Mr. Dagan,” Christy said.
George slammed his fist down like a judge would a gavel.  “We’re not going to listen to that kind of talk.”
“Brianna’s coming home on weekends now,” Radelle said to Christy, “and we’re not going to do this at dinner anymore.”
George turned to Radelle.  “We should just put a jar in the middle of the table.  Every time she says something she has to put five dollars in.”
“Yes,” Brianna said, “That would be so so splendiferous.”
“If you insist on being a brat,” Radelle said to Christy, “you can pay for it.  And if you continue to do it tonight you can go back to your room.”
“Yes mother,” Christy said, in a drone like she was a slave.
“All right,” George said. “I got the job on the Pemota Fitness Club.”
“Wonderful,” Radelle said, “You didn’t tell me.”
“The Pemota Fitness Club is already built,” Christy said.  The Pemota Fitness Club was in North Pemota and was owned by Arnold and Dia Hallan.  Jenine had told Christy that one day at lunch, having frequented the club often.
“They’re building another one,” George said, “In South Pemota.  Dia says so many people in South Pemota take Karate they want some of that business.  We’re going to design it for the plot right across the street.  It’s going to have an indoor pool, basketball court, the works.”
“That’s awesome, Dad,” Brianna said.
“So I’m going to drive out to Ontario,” George said, “They want me to see the first club they built years ago.”  George looked up from his meatloaf.  “Radelle?”
“Oh, nothing exciting ever happens in my life.”  Radelle was a Librarian at Avery Library in West Pemota.
“Now that it’s populated,” George asked Radelle, “What did you think of Leander?”  Radelle had only seen Leander during school vacations when the red brick buildings were empty and the common area a sight of nothing but grass.
“All those people,” Radelle said, “all so ambitious.  Stone-faced.  I don’t know how Brianna does it.  And she’s getting great grades, already.  With that competition.  It’s amazing.  I’m just so proud of her.”
“I knew our valedictorian had it in her.”  George smiled at Brianna.
Brianna picked at her steak awkwardly as the entire table thought the same thing: Brianna wasn’t valedictorian of her high school class.  Brianna believed she had been robbed of the title, valedictorian, by Carolyn Parker, her ninth grade health teacher.  Ms. Parker gave Brianna an A-.  And according to Brianna, it was no coincidence that three years later, Ms. Parker’s daughter Carrie was awarded the title of valedictorian.  Had it not been for that A-, Brianna would have been first in line.  At the graduation ceremony Brianna stood behind Carrie like an Olympic timed runner who has just learned the entire contest had been rigged.
Christy didn’t know why George brought this up.  It invited her to say something.  But perhaps that’s what George wanted.  His patience was being tested tonight and he thought unnecessarily.
“She wasn’t valedictorian, Dad,” Christy said, “Carrie Parker was valedictorian.”
George threw his hand down again.  “Christy, if you say one more word you can be excused from the table.”
Christy saw then that her father was looking for an excuse to send her to her room.
Brianna looked as though she might cry.  “One A-.”  Brianna then lunged forward at Christy and would have tackled her were it not for the table.  “In health class.”
“All right, Brianna,” Radelle said compassionately.
“Maybe you deserved an A-,” Christy said, who was done eating and didn’t care if she got sent to her room.  “Ever think of that.”
“No phone for the rest of the night,” George said to Christy.
This couldn’t have come at a worse time.  “Dad, I need to help Annette with her math homework,” Christy said.
“Well,” George said to Christy, “You should have thought of that earlier.”
“In health class,” Brianna said to herself, staring at a plate that now seemed unappetizing.
“Christy, you’re excused,” Radelle said.
Christy dropped her fork on her plate with a loud clang and stood up to head back to her room.  She could hear them talking about her as she went up the stairs.
“I”m glad you did that George,” Radelle said, “She deserved it.”
“The girl has got to learn to hold her tongue,” George said.
When Annette called, Radelle would tell her that Christy had had her phone privileges taken away.  Annette would be crestfallen.
Christy collided with the door to her room.  Soon, George and Radelle would begin doing dishes and having desert with Brianna.  That could take almost a half-hour.  There was a good chance Christy could get away with a phone call if she called now, and spoke quietly.
She threw the blue Jansport backpack on her bed.  Didn’t Rey have a blue Jansport backpack too? she asked herself.  She guessed a lot of people did.
She unzipped the largest pocket of the backpack and her heart began pounding.  She pulled out a binder.  She looked at the papers inside.  She ran her eyes over designs, doodles, and algebraic equations.  She looked back inside the backpack and saw a Five Star Notebook.  None of this was hers.  A name on one of the pages caught her attention: “Rey Naresh.”
This was Rey’s backpack.  Christy sighed.  With feelings of trepidation, she looked at the 
Telephone.

Chapter 5

An hour and twenty minutes before Christy got up the courage to call Rey, Rey was opening the doors to The Pemota Gazette.  He walked towards his mother’s cubicle delighted by the three familiar people who waved hello to him happily.  When he arrived at Isabel’s cubicle, noticing the new photos she had with Claudette Laurie, who was the new principal at the high school, Isabel turned to him, and said, “Read this.”
“Mom, I need a ride home,” Rey said, as she handed him a ten page computer print-out.
“Well, you need to wait.”
Rey took the article from her and walked away glumly, to sit in the foyer and read Isabel’s article.  It was entitled Changing Overseers.  It was about the new administration at the high school.  The administration was headed by Claudette Laurie, and Isabel’s article was the first public relations attempt by the administration since Claudette Laurie’s speech during the second school day of the year.
The past administration had left behind a legacy of ineptitude.  Little contact with the students, and poor performance among the staff resulting in pay cuts across the board for teachers and maintenance meant it was time to dress to impress.  Principal Laurie, along with Dean Miss Shumana, and former Dean, Mark Repore, now turned conflict resolutionist, were featured in the article doing their best to look the part.  Rey read with curiosity wondering how a switch blade incident might be treated by these three.
As he read about the high school’s tarnished image, and Claudette Laurie’s claim that her past experience as the Dean of Admissions at Leander taught her the rigors necessary to prepare high school students for college life, Rey was distracted by thoughts of Christy.  Every couple paragraphs he had to read again as he replayed their conversation walking through the woods.  Then something caught his interest.  Isabel had obtained a story about some kids who were caught smoking marijuana in the bathroom and the leniency by the administration after the boy’s parents threatened to take the case public.  Rey was thinking that if he wanted help fighting Huxley, Der, and Joe, Principal Claudette Laurie would provide little help.
Rey told Isabel the article was good, and Isabel looked him up and down, no doubt, noticing the pine needles.  Isabel packed up her stuff while Rey searched his brain for an excuse.  On the ride home, Isabel mentioned that she had met Huron Anderson in a woman’s clothes store named Jada’s a week ago.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”  Rey asked.
“I thought you’d worry I said something dumb.”  Rey had turned the radio on, and now Isabel turned it off.  She had drugs in the woods on her mind.
“What did he say?”  Rey asked.
“He was buying a blouse for his mother.  He asked me what I thought of it.  Nice kid.”
“Except for the clothes?”
Huron wore a lot of jewelry, sagging pants, and sports jerseys.  “I didn’t say that.”
They arrived at their garage at Lighthouse Point and walked in silence to their door.  Rey was about to retreat to the basement and begin doing his homework but Isabel said, “Speaking of clothes.”  She looked him up and down.
Rey began feeling nervous.  He searched his brain realizing how guilty he must seem and at the same time knowing he’d done nothing wrong.  “Um.”
“Sit with me,” Isabel said.
They walked over to the spruce wood dining table, and Rey looked up at the fan his sister Aisha had broken a few days ago.  “I guess you noticed Aisha broke the fan,” Isabel said.
Rey pulled a chair out.  “She thinks she can do whatever she wants.”
“Well, Ellie,” Ellie was the nanny, “said that she was tying a shoelace to the on/off cord and that it was an accident.”  
“Everything she does can’t be an accident,” Rey said.
“She was sent to bed early.  So explain.  You were in the woods obviously.”
“We went exploring in the woods.”
“Who?”
“Me and someone named Christy.”
“Christy,” Isabel confirmed.  She didn’t believe him.
“Yeah, she missed her bus too, so we went exploring.  What’s the big deal?”
“You’re in ninth grade now and things are different.  People in your class do drugs I’m sure.  Right?”
“Some,” Rey shrugged.  “My classes are fine and I’m not doing drugs.”
Isabel sighed.  “I’m going to tell you about everything.  Soon.”
The birth certificate issue had been woken up when Rey was halfway through seventh grade.  He’d spent months wanting to say something but couldn’t bring himself to.  One day, during a drive to the dentist Rey blurted out, “You’re not really my Mom are you?”  The name on the birth certificate under mother’s maiden name was Adele Naresh.
Isabel explained things.  To a degree.  She said that she never told him because telling a young child about Adele would be cruel and unusual punishment.  She’d wanted to wait until Rey was at an age when he could handle it and understand it – as much as one could she said.  According to Isabel, Adele was crazy.  There was a planned date when Rey was supposed to find out everything.  Rey said that sounded okay and tried to be understanding.
This past summer, Rey had asked Isabel when the date was.  Isabel said it was this year – ninth grade – and that she would tell him all he wanted to know.
“When do I know?”  Rey now asked.
“Pretty soon,” Isabel said.
“What is it about?” Rey asked.
“Apparently, your name was on some list.  Adele was crazy.”
Rey nodded.  “Okay,” he said.
The phone rang.
Isabel stood up and walked into the kitchen.  She picked up the phone.  “Hello.”  A pause.  “May I ask who’s calling?”  Another pause.  “Christy Lane?”  Isabel smiled feeling relieved.  “One second.”
“I told you,” Rey said, taking the phone from her.  He hoped she didn’t see his Adam’s apple bob.  He covered the receiver and opened the door to the basement.  He closed it behind him, making his way to his room, and said, “Hello?”
“Hey Rey,” Christy said moribund.
Isabel called from upstairs.  “Rey, I need to go to my class.  Aisha is asleep, and Ellie will be here in five minutes.”
“Mom, I’m never going to do drugs,” Rey called to her loudly.
“Okay,” Isabel called.
“My Mom thinks I was in the woods doing drugs,” Rey told Christy.  “She’s on her way to a creative writing class.”
“You don’t know do you,” Christy said.
“What?  Were they waiting for you?”
“You have my backpack.”
Rey’s heart began to race.  He ran upstairs and said, “Wait a sec.”  Grabbing the backpack on the dining room table he immediately noticed a pink heart sticker on the side.  He carried the backpack downstairs with him.  “Do you need it tonight?”
“Well, I mean, I have your Spanish book.  So I can use that.  What about you?”
Rey had to read the first chapter of The Pearl for tomorrow.  He supposed he could do it in study hall.  “I’m all set.”
“And I have math homework due.  I’m not supposed to be on the phone.  My sister and I got in a fight.”
Rey heard the clicking sound of someone picking up a line.  “Hello?”  It was Radelle.
“Mom, it’s a telemarketer,” Christy said.
“Christy,” Radelle said, angrily.
“My names Rey,” Rey said.  “I called because Christy has my backpack and I have hers.”
“And Mom, I need to talk to Annette so I can do my math homework.”
“We’ll talk about this later, Christy.”
Radelle hung up.
“I so hope I’m not grounded.”
“What do you want to do about Huxley?” Rey said.
“Blackmail him maybe,” Christy said.
“How?”  Rey asked.
“Huxley gets B’s.  Everyone thinks he gets A’s but he gets Der to print him fake report cards.”
“How do they do that?”
“Der’s Mom works at Town Hall and they have the right kind of paper.  Annette told me.  And Minister Muncie thinks Huxley is a golden boy.  So there you go.”  Annette’s comment that maybe Christy should go out with Rey was weighing heavily on her.  She turned an 8-ball upside down and came up with a “yes, definitely.”
“What about college?” Rey asked.
“I don’t think Huxley thinks that far ahead,” Christy said.
“That’s pathetic.”
Christy shrugged.  “That’s Huxley.”
“Do you need help with Spanish homework tonight?” Rey asked.
“No.  I think I can handle it.”
Rey thought the conversation was about to end.  He knew Jet Mead would think that a bad idea.  “Don’t tell anyone, but I speak Spanish almost fluently.”
“Fluently?”
“My Mom speaks it and I grew up speaking it so.”
“So how do you say Ms. Carmen, your nostrils are flaring and you smell like Lysol?”
“Senora Carmen sus narizes estan inflamadas y huelen a Lysol.”
“Wow.  I can barely remember how to say ‘what day is it.’” 
 “So I guess we can switch backpacks tomorrow morning,” Rey said.
“Where’s your locker?”
“It’s 52, in the freshman hallway,” Rey said.  “I’ll find you.”
“So why does Huxley hate you?”
He told her all about seventh grade, with the exclusion of Aba Brule, thinking it made a great story.  When he finished, Christy said, “The only reason Huxley hates me is because he wants to screw my sis.”
“I guess a lot of guys do.”
“Do you think she’s like the hottest girl ever?”
“No,” Rey said.  “I don’t think Brianna’s very pretty at all.”
Christy was confused, but decided against questioning further.  “What are you doing after school tomorrow?”  She didn’t think she had enough guts to ask Rey out, but was intrigued by the possibility.
“Nothing,” Rey said.
“I have to go shopping for a winter jacket.  I think we’re going to The Climber.”
“I got one already.”
“What brand is it?”
“Timberland.”  Rey thought Huron and James would think the jacket was cool.  Timberland was a popular brand choice for African Americans.  James had a Timberland jacket himself.
“Trying to join a gang are you?”  Christy said.
Rey chuckled.  “No.  It was the cheapest one in the store.”
Christy nodded, knowing this wasn’t true.  Timberland jackets tended to be expensive.  “Well, I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
“See you then,” Rey said.
They hung up, both wondering how the other thought the conversation had gone.  Rey sat there for a few minutes thinking about what to do about Huxley.  Maybe Christy really had a good idea: blackmail him.  He glanced over to his book shelf.  Looza Avocado Juice bottles were arranged on the shelf, their significance still eluding him.
He heard Ellie upstairs flailing on Aisha.  Ellie was telling her to, “Stop it right away, dear.  Right away.”
Soon enough, Isabel returned home, and when she did, Rey was waiting for her.  She noticed him staring at her from the living room.  He seemed anxious.
“Mom,” he said.  “I need to borrow something.”
She looked perplexed.
“It’s important.”
“Okay,” she said.

Chapter 6

The trunk of the Ponderosa Pine in front of Pemota High had been painted purple sometime during the night.  A word had been written above the double doors.  As the bus pulled up to school, Rey had a minute before the bus driver, Glenda, opened the door.  Rey was thinking about biology last year.  Rey had learned about neurotransmitters such as serotonin, dopamine, and norepinephrine.  Was this someone’s idea of a joke?  Above the double doors someone had written: Avocadonine.
Rey was wearing his Timberland jacket because he thought it might give him and Christy something else to say to one another.  As he stepped off the bus he felt his heartbeat quicken.  For the other students, the vandalism was the most exciting and interesting thing that had happened at Pemota High since the first day of school.  Rey stood by his locker, watching a trio of sophomores passing, someone screaming, “Avocadonine,” at the top of his lungs.  Avocadonine sounded more like a new type of medication than anything, and it rung of an expression Rey liked which was, “looney tunes.”
Rey’s locker number was fifty two, which he had easily remembered because of its deck of cards association, but he had no idea how Christy would remember it.  So he went to sit on the steps by the door so he could catch Christy as soon as she walked in.  He was so caught up in the reactions of the other freshman – upperclassmen had lockers on the other side of the school – he let Christy walk right by him.  She was wearing a new pair of corduroys, and her hair was done up in a bun, which made her green eyes even more striking than usual.  “Yo Christy,” Rey said.  He stood up and walked down the steps towards her.
She turned to him, and for a moment looked a little frightened, then smiled.  “Hey Rey.”  She looked at the Timberland jacket and surprised him with a quick witted remark.  “Where are your gang colors?”
“Oh, we spray painted the school today.  So they’re outside.”
Christy laughed.  “Yeah.  I’m sure we’ll hear all about it in homeroom.”  She placed Rey’s backpack, which was on her shoulder, against her knee and withdrew several papers.  “Your Spanish book is perfect.  What ... did you not even open it all year?”
“Basically.”
She zipped the backpack up and looked at the backpack on Rey’s shoulders, as he took it off.  “Don’t forget your homework,” she said.
“I folded it up.”  He tapped his pocket.  “You didn’t go through it did you?”
Christy became nervous.  She blushed.  Her fingertips shook slightly.  She shook her head, looked him in the eye, then looked away.  “Did you go through it,” she pointed to the backpack on his shoulders.
“No.  I thought I’d get arrested or something.”
Christy laughed awkwardly.  Then she lunged forward kissed him quickly on the lips, and said, “I like you too.”
Rey didn’t think she’d have read it.  Who would look in a pocket that seemed to have nothing in it?  It wasn’t the type of kiss he’d been hoping for.  Far from it.  But his heart jumped.  He was thrilled.  “I guess you read the letter.  I thought it had too much about Brianna in it.  I was going to write it again.”
Christy shook her head.  “It was good.”
“So now what?”  Rey added, “Want to be my girlfriend?”
Christy nodded.  “Sure.  Want to go to Overlook Park after school today?”
“What about The Climber?”
“I told my Mom I’d go some other day.”  Christy wasn’t sure how much she liked Rey.   Lying in bed last night she thought about what it must have been like for him walking in the woods with her, that letter in his backpack the whole time.  She wanted to kiss him, maybe more for his benefit than for her own, but she didn’t think she’d have the guts to go through with it.
They both felt that the house with the turret was the beginning of some strange adventure.  Christy wanted to go back, to see it again, to relive the excitement of yesterday afternoon.  And, of course, Rey wanted Christy with him to help solve the mystery that had begun in seventh grade.  
“I thought about your idea,” Rey said.
“What idea?”  Christy began to feel more comfortable.
Rey reached into the pocket of his Timberland jacket and withdrew a small tape recorder.  “About Huxley.”
“Rey, I was basically kidding.”
Rey didn’t think it was the end of things with Huxley.  “But maybe Huxley wasn’t.”
Christy sighed.  “All right.”  She began to walk off.  “Rey, look for me at lunch.”
“Sure,” Rey said.
The cafeteria at Pemota High had always held the mood of a hospital for the dying – brown tables, yellow walls, and dreary lunch ladies.  Over the summer, the lunch ladies had been instructed to smile, the tables had been replaced with white tables – rectangular mostly, except for four circular ones which acted like corners of a square – and the ceiling had been stenciled with students staring at open textbooks.  This was all the work of the new administration, and the idea was to give the students a more cheerful place to eat in hopes that their improved mood would translate to improved marks in the classroom.
Rey had three classes before lunch.  There was math class with Ms. Lynbaker – always a snooze.  Earth science with Mr. Godfrey – rarely better than dull.  And health class with Ms. Parker.  Ms. Parker taught health all day, and everyone in the ninth grade knew who she was.  Ms. Parker said that if you smoke marijuana in high school you miss a whole step in your development.  Ms. Parker had perfect posture.  And with her considerable size and regal clothing, she exuded dignity.  Annette was in that class, as was Fynn Chatoya, who got high during lunch almost every day except Thursday, when health was right after lunchtime.
Rey left health a couple minutes early and got to the cafeteria before the rest of the ninth grade.  He wanted one of the circular tables which only seated six.  He didn’t want to be introduced to all Christy’s friends yet.  He would be too nervous.  Ryan O’toole was sitting at one of the circular tables.  Ryan had study hall third period and always left early enough to get a circular table.  Rey decided to join Ryan today.  He’d barely spoken to him, except to say hello, since they discussed the Lisbon Convention Proxy that day on the bus.  Now, Rey thought they really had something to talk about.
“Ryan.”  Rey sat down and the apple inside his bag lunch hit the table.  “I’ve been thinking about what you said.  I think I might be involved in it somehow.  I don’t think you’re crazy.”
Rey pulled out his ham sandwich and looked up to see Ryan wide-eyed with a mouth full of Jello.  Rey had never thought of Ryan as particularly dramatic, but the way he talked about this one would think he was in a movie.  “I’ve been finding some things out,” he said enthusiastically.  “So you agree with me about the Lisbon Convention Proxy?”
“I don’t know, Ryan.  It seemed crazy at the time.  But what happened at school today and some other stuff ... I don’t know.  What have you been finding out?”
“Well, the electronics make a humming sound with me but not with everyone.”
“Like who?”
“Do you have anything electronic on you?”
Rey pulled out the tape recorder and said, “Show me quick.”
Ryan turned the tape recorder on and put his hand on it.  A distinct humming sound seemed to radiate from the device like an old-fashioned television that one needed to hit.  There seemed to be some invisible force between Ryan’s hand and the tape recorder.
“You try it,” Ryan said.
Rey put his hand near the tape recorder.  No humming sound.  He moved it closer until his hand was touching it, and it made no sound.  “Wow,” Rey said.
“It doesn’t work with Viola Specks either,” Ryan said, “Or my Mom.”
“Why?”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to find out.  See, it works with me and it works with my dog Simon.  So I took some of my blood and gave it to my Mom so she could go near the stereo.  Guess what?  Nothing.  Then I took one of my cheek swabs and gave it to her.”
Rey hung on every word.
Ryan shook his head, “no.”  “Then I got some liquids.  We tried drinking Coke, and apple juice, and water.  They all made no humming sound with my Mom.  And they all made a humming sound with me and my dog Simon.”
“So nothing worked with your Mom.”
“I found something that did.  Have you ever heard of a drink called Hocus Mochus?”
“Uh uhn.”
“It’s ... like ... chocolately, but kinda gross.  You get it at natural food stores.  That made the humming sound with all three of us.”
“Jeez Ryan.”  Rey looked around.  The cafeteria seemed to have become populated in a soundless vacuum that was just beginning to roar to life.  Ninth graders chatted about and someone was screaming, “penis,” at the top of their lungs which was standard procedure for any ninth grade lunchtime.
“So do you agree with me about the Lisbon Convention Proxy?”
“Ryan.  I think you’re onto something.  But why would it be anything to do with the Lisbon Convention?”
“What’s the Lisbon Convention?”  It was Christy.  She was holding a lunch tray with tangerines and salad and turkey with gravy on it.  She sat down next to Rey.
Ryan looked very seriously at Rey.  “It’s a secret.”
Rey nodded.  “Just a theory Ryan has.”
“I don’t know what a proxy is I guess.”  She opened her milk.
Rey noticed he’d said the same thing a few weeks ago.
Ryan picked up his lunch very rapidly.  “I gotta go.”  He did a stutter step and then ran off, no doubt, to sit with Viola Specks outside as he often did.
“Did you have to sign a form?” Christy asked.
“Yeah, we all did.”  In all the homerooms, Principal Laurie had had a form passed around on which students consented to understanding the consequences of vandalism.
“Who do you think did it?”  Christy asked.
Rey looked around the cafeteria, wondering if their conversation would be private.  Annette was at a rectangular table next to them and she seemed to be glancing at Christy and smiling to herself.  Mike Elsetta sat at that table too.  His orange hair was gelled up because he had a hockey game that day.  Huxley wasn’t anywhere to be seen.  The murmur of the voices almost created complete anonymity.  But he couldn’t tell Christy about his connection to the vandalism now.
“I don’t know,” Rey said.  “We can talk about it at the park today.”
“Are you mad I looked at it?  I thought maybe.  I was looking for a pen and the ‘Dear Christy’ part was sticking out.  So I read it.  I hope you’re not mad.”
Rey shook his head.  “That’s okay.  I found all your spray paint.  But I won’t tell anyone.”
Christy laughed.  “I was thinking about yesterday.  And I think it’s pretty weird.  Annette told me that those woods are protected by the Pemota Land Conservancy.  And I don’t know who would build a house there.  Also, I wonder what those pictures were of.”
“On the windows?  Yeah, I was wondering that too.  I guess we could always go back and look.”
“I’m sort of scared to.  Huxley might have some party going.”
“They probably will.”  Rey took another bite of his ham sandwich.
“You did the Spanish homework right?”
Rey nodded.
“Can I look at it before class to make sure I got everything right?
“Sure.  I always show it to Viola Specks.  She sits in front of me.”
Christy smiled.  “I know Rey.  I’ve been in that class all year.”
Rey blushed.  He didn’t think the moment could get much worse and then Huxley fell into a chair next to Christy and collided with the table.  His cold blue eyes looked especially bright today.  He wore a blue collar shirt with green stripes which looked a little small for him.  “Nice disappearing act yesterday,” he said.  “Like those books Rey reads.  What are those books called Rey?  Where’s Waldo?”
Rey let his hand slip into the pocket of his Timberland jacket as Christy said, “Huxley, leave us alone.”
Jason Masago pulled up a chair opposite Rey.  Jason had black hair and a long angular face.  He was friends with Huxley, but didn’t join in the Nadine’s Puppies activities.  He was better friends with someone named Peter Laft, who was a chess master.  Huxley leaned in towards Christy, and both Rey and Christy realized that yesterday didn’t roll off Huxley’s shoulders.  “We’re crazy, Christy.  We don’t care.  We’ll slit your throat and leave you out on a clothesline to dry.”
“Huxley, we didn’t do anything to you,” Rey said.
“Rey needs a teddy bear.  Rey, sleep with one eye open.”
“Christy,” Jason said, “you shouldn’t say stuff like that to Huxley.”
Christy guessed Jason was referring to what she’d said about his sister.  “Huxley deserved it, Jason.”
“No, Christy,” Jason said.  “Der, deserved it.  Huxley didn’t do anything.”
“Either way.  Don’t matter,” Huxley said, “We’re gonna run an article in next week’s newsletter.  Headline?  Answer this question: ‘Christy and Rey, how can two pussies have sex?’  We think people are going to start giving you dildos.”
Christy turned to Rey, and Rey gave her a little nod.  Rey looked around and saw that the conversation had attracted a small audience.  Four or five people at the table next to them were looking on including Annette and Mike Elsetta.  And almost ten people at other tables were staring.  Holly North was urgently shushing her friend Liz and alerting her to the confrontation.  Huxley got stares wherever he went, and the present company was like mice scurrying around a cheetah.
“Huxley, you’re a poseur,” Christy said.
“Yeah, Huxley,” Rey said, “We don’t ...”
“Wait, wait.  Did you just call me a poseur?”  Huxley asked, shocked.
“Did you just call Huxley a poseur?”  Jason said.
“If the shoe fits,” Christy said.  “Huxley gets Der’s Mom to print fake report cards and he shows the report cards to Minister Muncie and Marv.”
“Also, Huxley sexually harasses girls all the time, and he thinks he’s a stud,” Rey said.
“Yeah, Huxley, we want you to leave us alone.  You’re going to community college,” Christy said.
Huxley let a smile creep up his face.  “I’ll have a three-o by the time I’m a senior.  Besides, my Pops don’t care.  He’s just along for the Huxley ride.  It’s a rollercoaster, all day,” he made cups with his hands by Christy’s breasts.  “All night.”
Rey knew that making fraudulent report cards was no easy task and that Huxley’s relationship with Marv was strained.  But even if Rey and Christy’s blackmail was successful, Huxley might be willing to sacrifice his reputation for revenge.  Christy’s comment about Ashley had obviously hit an open wound.
“And you’re a criminal with your newsletter Huxley.  It’s called libel and it’s illegal,” Christy said.
 “I’ve got my switchblade on me.  How would you like a few slits on your arm?  Self-inflicted wounds?  We can find a good mental institution for you to finish ninth grade in.”
Rey saw Huxley was slightly grinding his teeth.  Rey didn’t want to say anything about what happened in seventh grade, and he knew Christy wouldn’t because she knew it was a secret.  Aba had said not to worry about Huxley, but circumstances had changed.
“Huxley,” Rey said, “You broke into the Stella’s in seventh grade and your Dad covered it up.”
“What are you a robot, Rey,” Huxley asked.  He imitated him, “You broke into Stella’s and...”
Rey pulled out the tape recorder and put it on the table.  “Huxley, if you ever bother us again, we’re sending this tape to Minister Muncie and then to your Dad.”
There were a couple quiet comments from people at surrounding tables.  Huxley’s jaw tightened, and his eyes lost their luster.  Rey was afraid to turn around and see how many people were staring.  Huxley wasn’t going down easily.  “Sometimes I slip and slice to the bone,” he said to Christy.
“We’re outta here,” Rey said.
When Rey turned around after having picked up his bag lunch, he saw close to twenty people staring at the table.  Christy got up, picking up her cup of tangerine slices, and heading with Rey towards one of the doors to the cafeteria.  Huxley sat there, grinding his teeth ever so slightly.  Rey took one glance back as they exited the cafeteria, and saw most of the people looking at him and Christy.
It seemed word of what Rey and Christy had done to Huxley was spreading fast.  After Viola Specks checked his homework in Spanish, she said, “Good luck, Rey.”  Some people in the hallway he barely knew said, “hey” to him.  And Tim Ashline, a fellow ninth grader on the hockey team, called out “Rey Naresh,” as he walked by.  Fynn Chatoya saw him in wood shop and asked, “So, Rey, how did you know that like Huxley was going to say those things?”  They talked for awhile, and Rey told Fynn the story about yesterday’s encounter with Huxley, Der, and Joe omitting some details such as the house with the turret.
After school, Rey met Christy outside.  The Ponderosa Pine still had its purple trunk, and Avocadonine was still on the bricks above the double doors.  Rey jumped and pulled his backpack up on his shoulders.  He felt excited.  Christy smiled as they made their way towards Pleasant St.  They’d beaten Huxley, and glory was in their hearts.
As they walked, they talked about elementary school, and Christy said she knew Rey was spying on her from the loft but that she thought he’d gotten over it a long time ago.  They spoke about Viola Specks and agreed they wanted to do whatever they could to help.  There was a baseball game going on to the right of the street and onlookers watched them walk by.  “Does that bother you?” Christy asked.  Rey shook his head.
Christy said she had found a place with Annette and Jenine with a secluded bench by a roaring stream where birds landed that one could feed.  They bought a bag of bread crumbs at the park store and they both sat on the bench.  Two pigeons walked towards them and Christy opened the bag and tossed crumbs.  Rey was nervous but Christy seemed comfortable.
“Don’t you think it’s sad about Viola?”
“Yeah,” Rey said.  “People are mean to her too.”
“Annette’s right.  Viola is the best.”
There was silence, as the sun filtered through the oak trees above them, spreading a golden ethereal light upon them.  Christy shuffled herself over towards him and Rey put his arm around her.  Christy put her head on his shoulder, and they sat like that for awhile contemplating Viola’s Speck’s predicament, Christy with her eyes closed and Rey looking out at the stream.
“We could report it,” Rey said.
“Let’s make sure it’s true first.”
“I’ll say something in Spanish.  I can ask her about the marks on her back and see what she says.”
“You’ve seen them?” Christy raised her eyebrows.
“Once,” Rey said.  “When her shirt was rolled up.  They’re almost purple.”
“Wow.”
“You want to know why I didn’t talk about the vandalism?”
“Sure.”
“It’s a weird story.”
Christy sat up and looked at him.  “Do tell.”
Rey told Christy the whole story, Aba Brule and all – Christy thinking it couldn’t be a weirder.  She felt the adventure she was hoping for when walking home yesterday was going to happen.  And a part of her thought the whole thing was so crazy she didn’t want to be a part of it.  She hugged him feeling the weight of his burden and her eyes filled with tears.  Rey kissed her passionately thinking ninth grade wasn’t going to be so bad after all.

Chapter 7

On this fine Friday morning, Glenda’s Universal Studio’s t-shirt and her big, unlucky, yellow bus 13 were a welcome sight.  Rey took the steps two at a time like a track star, smiling at Glenda, who looked as though she could empathize with the excitement of ninth grade in all its many incarnations.  Ryan O’toole was staring at a blank sheet of white paper as he attempted to call upon inspiration.  Rey would have sat with him had he not heard the megaphone voice from the back of the bus.  “Hey Rey.  Come sit with us.”  It was Mike Elsetta -- raised eyebrows, and knees in the aisle.  Annette Oslow was with him.  Rey supposed Mike had gotten Annette to sleep at his house.
Rey walked to the back of the bus, threw his blue Jansport on the mud brown seat, and turned to them.
“Nice one Tuesday, Rey,” Annette said.
“Yeah,” Mike said, nodding.  “We hate Huxley too.”
Rey smiled and pulled a bottle of avocado juice out of his backpack.  “Why do you guys hate him?”
“He isn’t popular,” Annette said.  “He just convinces everyone he’s the king of the ninth grade.  No one even likes him.  And do you know what I heard?  One time, he made Viola Specks shine his shoes in homeroom.”
“That’s horrible,” Rey said.
“Why does he hate her so much?”  Mike asked.
“He thinks it’s cool,” Annette said.
“I don’t even know the guy,” Mike said.  “I just know that newsletter is the stupidest thing this side of Southern California.”  Mike got a fun-loving smile on his face.  “You going out with Christy, Rey?”
Rey pulled back a little and said, “no.”  He thought better of it and added, “I mean we haven’t been out on a date yet.”  Don’t kiss and tell and all.
“Christy’s my girl,” Annette said.  “Christy is so cool.  Just never tell her not to cry.  That makes her so mad.”
Mike still had the smile on his face.  “What happened?”
Rey wondered if Mike wanted a summary of every type of physical contact in the past week.  Annette hit Mike on the shoulder as if to say, mind your own business.
“Just wondering,” Mike said.
“We sent Nadine’s Puppies home with their tails between their legs,” Rey tilted his avocado juice up and drank.
Mike slapped his knee.  “Put a nail in the coffin.  Yowza.”
“Mike, you cop a feel with my cousin, I kill you.”  They all turned and saw Fordel Garza was watching their conversation from a few seats ahead.  Rey had overheard many conversations between Mike and Fordel who openly hated one another.  Fordel was on the hockey team also, and wore a shirt and tie even when he didn’t have a game.
“Fordel, you freakin’ Venezuelan, sit down.”
“Mike, they can hear you in Venezuela,” Fordel said.
“Well, why don’t you go deliver them some pizzas.”  Mike often joked that Fordel was going to end up being a pizza delivery driver.
Rey erupted with laughter.
Mike looked at Annette.  “We should invite them.”
Annette was hesitant.  “I don’t think Christy wants to.”
Rey was excited.  “Wants to what?”
“Can you keep a secret, Rey?”  Mike asked.
Rey nodded.  “Sure.”
“You ever had a beer?”
Rey shook his head feeling nervous.  “No.  I mean it would be cool.  But you can end up in the police report.”
“Tomorrow night,” Mike said.  “We’re going to the woods behind the reservoir where Annette lives.  We make a camp fire and roast marshmallows.  Annette’s Dad won a bunch of Budweiser in a poker game.”
“He’s got two friges full of it.  My Dad found out later the guy wanted to pay in Budweiser because he could get it discounted and not tell him,” Annette said.
“So we put it in our backpacks and go out there,” Mike said.
They all paused staring at each other and waiting for Rey’s response.
Rey thought if a cop rode by and asked them what was in their backpacks, homework wouldn’t be a workable excuse.  And ... if people passed by and saw them out that late they could get a reputation as troublemakers which could spread all around town.  “How far is the reservoir from Annette’s?”
“It’s just a few dirt roads away.  No one’s around for miles.”  Mike scratched his nose.
“What about your parents,” Rey asked.
“They’re asleep,” Annette said.  “Besides, they wouldn’t care.  They know we’re teenagers.”
Rey smiled.  “I’ll ask Christy today.  We’re going to Melanie’s after school.” 
Christy said it sounded like fun.  But she was depressed about something.  Rey and Christy had been dating for almost a week now.  They talked on the phone about things like whether Huxley was going to be a garbage man or an alcoholic.  Rey helped Christy with Spanish, and she helped him with math.  Once Rey had tried to broach the issue of the mystery.  Christy said she needed some time to think for herself.  But this wasn’t what Christy was depressed about.
“I don’t know why she’s like that,” Christy said as she swallowed a spoonful of mellow yellow.  “I never said I didn’t want to drink.  She just assumes that I’m a boring person.”
“I didn’t hear her say all that.  I’m sure she thinks she’s pretty cool.  But I don’t think it means anything much.”
“Everyone likes her.  It just makes me mad she doesn’t want to include me in things.  I’m like her best friend.”
Rey’s cup of berries and more had melted into a fruit and milk soup.  He turned the cup upwards and drank.  Then he said, “Huron and James are like that too.”
“How?”
He reminded himself that Christy was the only person he’d wanted to share his innermost thoughts with.  “I think they think I’m not cool enough.  So they don’t always invite me places.  But Annette just thinks you’d steal the spotlight.” 
Christy nodded.  “Maybe.  So how come Blanche wasn’t on the bus?”
“Mike says Blanche thinks she’s too cool for him.  She hangs out with the other French exchange students and with Huxley.”
“What an idiot,” Christy said.  “So who’s going?”
Rey shot his cup into the wastebasket.  “It’s just going to be me, you, Mike, and Annette.”
Christy smiled.  “That sounds cool.”
The sky was a magical dark blue.  Majestic oak trees canopied over them.  Rey looked down at his feet and saw the dirt, or maybe it was sand, seemed to move along with him.  Secrecy enveloped them.  When they made their way along the path that stretched the width of the reservoir, Christy said, “Brianna’s home this weekend.”
“Yuck,” Annette said.  “How are you coping?”
“I say ‘hi’ to her.  Barely.  At least that much keeps my parents off my back.  And then I just try to stay out of the house as much as possible.”
Mike was looking around.  “The night is awesome.”
Everyone nodded in agreement.  “Why would she want to be here?  Why isn’t she getting drunk at school?”  Annette asked.
“She’s working at Lots for Little’s again.  She needs the money.  Probably for drugs.”  Christy thought anyone in a three mile radius could hear them through the soundless night.
“My sister’s home twenty-four seven,” Rey said.
“Rey, your sister’s like four,” Christy told him.
“So?  She bothers me.  She broke our fan because she didn’t want to tie her shoelaces.”
“Put the fan on and tie her to it by her shoelaces.  Wheeeeee!”  Mike said.  They all laughed.  “See how she likes it, “ Mike added.
They had reached the back of the reservoir and were following Mike through the trees.  Mike said there was a cleared away area where they’d made campfires during weekends previous.  When they reached the circle of stones, and burnt embers, Mike screamed at the top of his lungs.  “Let’s get wasted!”
Christy shushed him.
“No one can hear us,” Annette said.  “They couldn’t hear a megaphone from here.”
“Don’t say megaphone,” Mike said.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hurt your feelings, your highness.”  Annette popped a marshmallow in her mouth.
According to Annette, Mike and her were just friends.  Rey took the beers out of his backpack as Mike and Annette started a fire.  Mike had starter fluid and Annette had logs from her garage normally used for the wood burning stove.  It was chilly and Rey and Christy huddled together.  Rey looked at the beer for a list of ingredients.
“Rey’s like, what am I gonna do with this thing?”  Annette said.
“I’m just a little worried I’m gonna lose my dinner.”  Rey popped it open and took a sip.  “It’s weird.”
“Good though, right?”  Mike said.
The fire ignited and they all waited to see if it was going to stick.  They put their hands near it, trying to warm up.
“You guys want to hear how dumb Blanche is?”  Mike asked.
They all nodded.
“All right.  A week ago, Blanche said she wanted to get a butterfly tattoo, or a mandala or something.  So we went to Tattoo Heaven downtown.  The guy that works there is named Keith.  You guys know him right?”
Rey shook his head.  Christy spit her beer out onto the fire violently.  The first sip had surprised her.  Everyone laughed.  She took another sip and swished it around in her mouth before swallowing, looking confused.  She shrugged.
“All right, well Keith told Blanche he can do a butterfly with the different colors, or a heart, and there were all these different kinds of mandala’s.  And then Huxley walked in.  And he knows Keith and they are talking because Huxley wanted to get a tattoo gun on the internet.  So Blanche and Huxley go into the back room with Keith.  So a half hour later Blanche comes out with a tattoo of a heart with Nadine’s Puppies written on it.”
“Oh my God,” Christy said.
“What is she going to tell her kids?” Annette said.
“Do you think Huxley made her get it?” Rey asked.
“I don’t know.  All I know is she’s going to regret that ‘til she’s dead.”  Mike let out a burp and started pouring beer into his mouth from above his head.
“I’ve got a tattoo.”  Annette pulled up her shirt sleeve and a phone number was written in pen on her arm.
“Whose number is it?”  Christy asked.
“Fynn Chatoya,” Annette said.  “He wants me to call him.  He’s a cutie pie.”
“Fynn’s cool,” Rey said.  “He’s in wood shop with me.  And in our Health Class, of course.  But he smokes.”
“So does Annette,” Christy said, trying not to sound accusatory.
“Just a couple times.”  Annette tried to change the subject, adding thoughtfully, “I don’t think Fynn has had many girlfriends though.”
“Rey won’t even tell his Mom we’re dating,” Christy told them.
“I’ll tell her,” Rey said.  “Sometime.”
“Before the prom,” Annette said.
As the night wore on, they discussed anything that came to mind including what the difference was between a cheetah and a jaguar, and how many days were in a leap year.  While they made smores Rey told them about flashlight tag.  Then Annette asked Christy how old she thought her and Rey would be when they first had sex.  Christy, feeling the alcohol more than a little, tackled her saying, “Annette shut up.”  They played truth or dare and Annette dared Rey and Christy to make out.  “That looks good,” Annette said.
As the weeks progressed, the weekends called to Rey like angels in heaven.  Rey was often distracted in class, and Viola Specks seemed to notice the way he absentmindedly checked her homework in Spanish.  One Tuesday, as she handed him some papers back, she said, “Rey, your girlfriend is the sweetest.”
“Why?”
Viola pushed her hair out of her face.  She wore a blue Nylon jacket and her large face and boyish eyes looked sad.  “She got rid of Huxley for me yesterday.”
“What did she do?  The tape?”  Rey guessed Christy had given Huxley another ultimatum.
“Yeah.  She got him good.”
Viola seemed like she wanted to talk.  “Viola, why don’t you play volleyball anymore?”  Rey asked.
“My Dad got mad at me when I messed up.”
To Rey, this statement seemed to come out effortlessly.  Rey’s Adam’s apple bobbed and Viola saw.  They both were well-aware of the rumors.  Rey tried, “Do you want to talk about it?”
Viola shook her head and turned back to the front of the class.
Rey didn’t know what to think.  One morning, as the trees in South Pemota disappeared around the sides of their Saturn Ion, Rey told Isabel about it.  He’d missed the bus and she was driving him to school.  “Her names Viola,’ Rey said.  “And they say her father beats her.”
“All right,” Isabel said.  “I’m calling the police.”
“What could they do?”  Rey asked as he turned to look out the window.
Isabel made the turn onto Pleasant St. which stretched almost the entire width of Pemota.  “They can get her a new place to live.”
“She seems weird,” Rey said.  “I think there’s something else going on.  Let me find out first.”
“It’s not a detective case, Rey.  I don’t want you getting involved.”
“I won’t.  But don’t do anything just yet.  Let’s just see what happens.”
Isabel nodded.  “All right.”
They drove in silence for awhile, Rey feeling like his lips were made of granite.  Finally he managed, “I have a girlfriend now.”
“Good.  What’s her name?”
“Her name is Christy Lane.  She’s really nice.”
“Huron called last weekend.  I realized you weren’t with him.  Are you with this girl?”
“I hang out with her and some other people.”
“I’d love to meet her.”
Rey nodded.  “Sometime.”
Huron and James were feeling the effects of Rey’s relationship with Christy.  For one thing, they had grown more respectful of him.  And for another, the three of them hardly hung out at all anymore.  James was supposedly DJ-ing on the weekends, however, and it occupied most of his time.  One Friday, Huron walked into Rey’s study hall and invited him to the “mother of all flashlight tag parties.”  Over ten people had been invited.
Rey went to the reservoir instead.  That Wednesday, Isabel asked him what he’d like for his birthday on November 10th.  He was going to turn fifteen.  When the day arrived, an older, more confident, and wiser Rey opened his birthday presents.  Isabel had gotten him the one present he requested: a gift certificate to an Italian restaurant called Lurino’s.  The surprise was a cell-phone with a calling plan.
“Now, I don’t need to use the payphone if I miss my bus.”
“No more exploring in the woods,” Isabel said, trying to sound casual.
“Yeah,” Rey said, smiling.  “I don’t think that’s going to be a problem anymore.”
Isabel nodded confused.  She decided to mind her business.  “Good.  If you’re ever in any kind of trouble I want you to be able to call me.”
At Lurino’s that night, Christy and Rey dined in style.  The waiter, Frederick, was amused that the both of them were dressed to the nines.  Christy had a big wrapped box she’d brought with her and Frederick asked if it was a puppy.  As it turned out, it was a new jacket, made by Columbia.
“Cool,” Rey said.  “You don’t like my jacket I guess?”
Christy shook her head.
“How did you save up enough for this?”
“My Mom helped me.  She wanted me to tell you she says ‘hi.’  She likes you.”
Rey folded the jacket back up and put it back in the box just as Frederick was walking by and scooping up the wrapping paper.  “Your Mom doesn’t know me.”
Christy shrugged.  “I think it’s from how you admitted it was you on the phone.  A lot of guys would have let her think it was a telemarketer.”
After a long kiss goodnight, Christy walked home and Rey called Isabel for a ride.
It was shaping up to be a windy, but rather mellow winter.  Rey always wore the Columbia jacket.  Huron and James walked into Rey’s study hall and sat down a couple weeks after the birthday.
“Rey,” Huron said, “What’s with the new jacket?”
“Christy got it for me,” Rey said.  “She didn’t like the other one.”
“A bit pricey.  She had good reasons for buying it?”
Rey sensed where Huron was going with this.  He shrugged.
“She racist?” James asked.
“Why?  ‘Cause it was Timberland?”  Rey said lightly.
Huron and James just stared at him.
“Nah.  She’s cool.”
“All right,” Huron said.  “You want to play flashlight tag just holler.  Cool?”
Rey shrugged.  “Cool.”
Huron and James stopped asking Rey if he wanted to play.  It was the one thing that had happened so far that Rey felt he couldn’t talk to Christy about.  He knew she’d blame herself for the loss of their friendship.
One day, Rey sat with Ryan O’toole on the bus.  Mike and Fordel were at an all-day Hockey tournament.  Ryan had gotten stranger than usual as of late.  He was often jittery and especially alert.  As Rey sat next to him he noticed his hands were shaking.
“Ryan.  You all right?”
Ryan shook his head.
Rey looked around.  The bus was completely deserted except for three other people.
“I’ve talked to so many people that say it’s happening to them also.  I think it might be our organs.  We need to get rid of them,” Ryan said.
“Ryan, getting rid of your organs doesn’t make sense.”  This seemed to Rey like good common-sense advice.
Rey explained the story he’d started to tell in the cafeteria that day.  For Ryan’s sake.  He told Ryan all about Aba Brule, and the purple writing in his math book.
Ryan brightened up.  “What can you do?   I had to put all the electronics in my room in the basement.  My Mom is threatening to send me to the nut house if I don’t be quiet.”
Rey pulled out a piece of paper from his backpack and wrote his number down.  He tore off the bottom half and told Ryan to write down his number.  Rey had a feeling he was going to regret this.  Ryan might call him every day.
He joined Mike “Megaphone” Elsetta when he returned the next day from his Hockey Tournament.  Fordel had scored a goal and Mike was feeling ambivalent towards him.  When Rey sat, Mike asked him if he wanted to have Belgian beer that night.
“Sure,” Rey said.
“If we do we have to hang out with Fordel.”
Rey smiled and shrugged.  “Fordel.  What kind of beer is it?”
“It’s called Orval.  I get you twelve beers.”
Fordel had gotten the beer while visiting his Uncle in Spain.  Fordel said he could sneak it out of his room in a backpack.
“Annette’s parents aren’t going to be there tonight,” Mike informed Rey.  It was their anniversary and they were going to a musical and then a hotel.
Rey and Christy went home with Annette on her bus.  Mike wanted Fordel to arrive later so they could spend less time with him.  Fordel arrived at nine, his hair heavily gelled and wearing a button down shirt with no tie.  “Fordel!”  Mike yelled as if they had become best friends.  Mike brought Fordel’s backpack into the kitchen.
“Anyone want a sample,” Mike said, as he took the beer out of his backpack.
“Hell yeah,” Rey said.
“I think it’s going to be gross.”  Christy blew her bangs off her forehead.
Annette took a beer and popped the top off.  She drank.  “It’s strong.  I don’t know if I could get drunk off it.”
“That’s what good old Budweiser is for,” Mike said.
“Hey guys.”  Annette passed the beer around.  “I have something interesting to tell you.”
“Is it about you and Fynn?” Christy said, being bored of this subject recently.  Annette had kissed Fynn at a Miniature Golf Course and now they were dating seriously.
“No.  It’s about Minister Muncie.  You have to promise you won’t tell anyone.”  They all stared at her blankly.  “Promise,” she said urgently.
They all did.
“You guys know what the Vatican is?”  Annette asked.
Rey and Christy shook their heads.
“It’s where Jesus was buried or something,” Mike said.
“Mike, you stupid Venezuelan.  It’s where the Pope lives.  It’s a church in Rome,” Fordel said proudly.
“Right,” Annette said.  “Well, Minister Muncie is getting messages from the Vatican.”
“About what?”  Mike asked, sipping the beer.
“Yeah.”  Christy was furrowing her eyebrows.
“Something terrible is going to happen in this town.  That’s what they say.”
Mike laughed.  “That’s vague.”
“Those aren’t the words he used,” Annette said.
“What did he say?” Rey asked.
“Lois told me about it,” Annette said.  “Lois goes to the Pub all the time.  And Warren, the bartender, listens to Marv Core’s conversations.  And Warren said, Marv Core heard from Minister Muncie that there will be a sign in the next year that will bring iniquity to Pemota.”
“What’s iniquity?”  Christy asked.
“Evil,” Fordel said.
“Lois says Marv Core is telling everyone like the police are going to put a stop to it.”
It started pouring outside.  Raindrops bounced off the roof in sharp pings like penny’s being flicked into a can.  “Fordel you ready to get smacked,” Mike said.
“Mike, I destroy you before breakfast.”
They were talking about a video game and they went into the living room to take out their aggressions vicariously as Randy Savage and Rey Mysterio.  Christy, Rey, and Annette followed them.
“What do you guys think?”  Annette said.
“It sounds silly,” Christy said.
“Yeah.  It sounds like The Exorcist,” Rey said.
“Fordel,” Mike said.  “Did you bring us any pizza’s tonight?”  When Fordel didn’t respond, Mike said, “Rey what are you going to do when your older?”
Rey and Christy sat on the couch; Annette had plopped herself down on the love seat.  “I used to want to be an inventor.  But I don’t know anymore.”
“That’s cool,” Annette said.  “I want to be a graphic artist for a newspaper.”
“Anything’s cool,” Mike said.  “Just as long as you don’t end up like Frank Brule.”
A bolt of electricity seemed to strike Rey’s heart.  Before he asked the question he knew the answer.  “Who’s Frank Brule?”
“Everyone knows Frank Brule,” Mike said, frantically punching buttons.  “He’s the homeless guy downtown.”
“The guy with the brown leather jacket?”  Rey asked.
“Yeah.  What’s the big deal?”
Lightning lit up the window like punctuation on the knowledge that had just hit Rey.
“Good thing we’re not at the reservoir,” Annette said.
Her voice sounded far away and meaningless.  This new bit of information had sent Rey’s head spinning.  He was already concocting a plan: a Sunday morning stroll around town, and an encounter with Frank.  Could he be Aba Brule’s brother?  Her husband?  Her son?  If they were even related.  If they were Rey imagined they would have a lot to talk about.
“Be careful, Mike,” Fordel said, referring to the lightning, “Stupid conduct electricity very well.”
“So does hair gel, you Venezuelan faggot.”

Chapter 8

Carolyn Parker was popular in Pemota.  The graduation rate at Pemota High was eighty percent and it was believed by parents that her Health Class was responsible.  Every Sunday, she could be found at Minister Muncie’s Roman Catholic Church.  She often spoke to parents outside afterwards and today was no exception.  But something was different today.  And it wasn’t just her brand new cashmere sweater.  Today, she needed to talk to Minister Muncie.
She didn’t notice Brianna Lane watching her from a park bench forty feet away.  She didn’t see Brianna move her eyes up and down from Carolyn’s carefully styled hair to her khaki pants as she put on a winter coat.  She didn’t know Brianna was thinking Carolyn could have made the cover of Good Housekeeping.  But she did know, as Brianna did, that beneath this cover was an issue filled with secrets.
Carolyn had been the health teacher at Pemota High for ten years.  Prior to that she dabbled in heroin, numerous other drugs, unprotected sex, and general all-around incompetence – everything she professed to be an expert on.  Carrie Parker, her only daughter, now the same age as Brianna, was the love child of heroin addict Adler Angel.  To gain the job at Pemota High, it took a few fables, and some half-truths.  In truth, however, Carolyn had never gotten clean of Adler.  It was the reason she worked so hard to educate her students about the dangers of drugs.
She’d told Minister Muncie the truth about her past – how low she had sunk, that she worried her child would be born with birth defects, that she needed a methadone clinic, that sometimes she looked in the mirror and cried uncontrollably.  He helped her pick herself up afterwards and they’d been friends for years.
“Hello Carolyn,” Edward Muncie said, as he approached her, having bid farewell to the church goers.  “What is it?”
Carolyn lowered her voice, yet Brianna could hear.  “There’s some rumor circulating about you.  It’s very upsetting.  The kids are saying you spoke to the Vatican and there’s going to be evil in this town.”
Edward lost the smile.  “You’re kidding.”
“The ninth grade is buzzing about it.”
“I did say something like that.”  Edward lowered his voice.  “To Marv Core.  Huxley Core is in Young Life and he started talking about getting a tattoo of a dog’s paw.” Young Life was the Sunday School for older boys.  Edward sighed.  “So I told Marv that whoever had that tattoo would bring iniquity to Pemota.”  He shook his head.  “I know it was wrong.  I didn’t mean it.  Huxley’s out of control.  Every week I hear from Megan, the head of Young Life, about something he’s said or done.  And I’m sure you’ve seen that horrible newsletter.”
“Ed, you know how it is.  They start talking about something and it doesn’t stop until everyone knows about it.”
“Can you tell them I misspoke.”
Carolyn nodded, for the first time noticing the cold air.  She shrugged.  “I’ll make something up.”
“I’m sorry.  It’s just, you know, I want someone to do something about Huxley and I don’t know what else to do.”
“Well, there’s a bad apple in every basket.”  She zipped up her coat.
 Edward stood there for a few moments staring into space.  “And how have you been?”
“Splendid.”
“I’m overjoyed,” Edward said.
They hugged.
“I’ll see you next week,” Carolyn said.
Edward smiled.  “Wonderful.”
Carolyn walked off, then turned, and saw Brianna.  Brianna was holding her favorite book Vladimir Nabokov’s, Lolita, which she had been reading in a coffee shop waiting until the end of mass.  Brianna pulled her cardigan sweater around herself.  She was wearing black rimmed glasses.  The bookworm look was, of course, just an act.
“Ms. Parker,” Brianna said.
Carolyn smiled and raised her eyebrows.  “Why, hello, Brianna.  What are you doing here?”
The A- Brianna harbored so much animosity over, had never even occurred to Carolyn as a hindrance between them.  When Carrie Parker delivered her valedictorian speech, Carolyn had long forgotten what she gave Brianna in Health Class.  But to hear Brianna tell it, Carolyn was a thorn in the side of impartiality and she had to be taught a lesson.
“I’m home for a short while,” Brianna said, “And I thought I’d come listen to Minister Muncie.”
“Did you enjoy the sermon?”
Brianna widened her eyes.  “I did.”  She crossed her arms over her chest with her book and smiled.
“And how is ... Leander is it? ... I heard you won some award in the Southern California Essay Contest.  That must have been exciting.”
“Yes.  They sent me two hundred dollars.  And Leander ... is ... just perfect.”
“I don’t think we’ve seen each other since Ms. Nelson’s funeral.”
Ms. Nelson was an eighth grade science teacher who had hung herself after finding out her husband was cheating on her.  Hundreds had attended her funeral.
“How tragic was that.”
“You knew her well.”
“I had Ms. Nelson for eighth grade science.”  Easy coasting so far.  “Ms. Parker you are so splendiferous.  I would love to do something for you sometime.”
Ms. Parker nodded.  “Well, let’s do lunch sometime.  What are you doing now?”
“I have to go to work now.  But do you have a student named Rey Naresh?”
“Yes.  Rey Naresh is in my C period class.”
“He’s dating my sister Christy.”
“Well,” Ms. Parker said.  “I think they make a cute couple.”
“Yes.  Well, I’ll be leaving now.  I have to be at work.  I hope to see you again soon.”
“Certainly,” Ms. Parker said.
Brianna had done her homework – all A+ caliber research.  Carolyn’s acquaintances, and colleagues yielded little information.  But, low and behold, her therapist at Leander was an old friend of Carolyn’s and had spilled the salt.  Adler had burnt one of his eyeballs while high, and shot himself in the head.  Carolyn had thought of having an abortion and even joined a support group.  It was enough ammunition.  A visit to the local library and Brianna was more than well-equipped to settle the score.

----

It seemed hopeless, trying to find Frank Brule downtown, on a chilly Sunday.  Rey was recalling how Frank had grabbed him by the collar and said, “Avocadonine,” at the beginning of the school year.  Afterwards, Rey had been unsure he’d heard right, but since the graffiti he assumed his hearing was fine.  They had had one other encounter.  When Rey was in sixth grade, Frank had tried to introduce himself to Rey.  Rey walked away frightened.  Maybe, for whatever reason, Frank Brule wanted to meet Rey Naresh.  It was worth it to Rey to understand the truth either way.
Rey had walked all around town.  It was cold and he wanted to give up.  He had gone into Benson's Tools and Lulu's Art Gallery causing confusions among the owners.  He had walked down alleyways and even picked up an old newspaper out of sheer boredom.  After a couple hours passed, he decided that today was not his day.  At 1:30, he was sitting in front of Sam’s Pizza Express looking at the Pemota Water Tower.  The Pemota Water Tower was half a mile-away, one hundred and twenty feet high, and stenciled in big green writing was the word: Pemota.
He felt someone had hit him when he heard a voice behind him.  “Boy-o.  Boy-o.  I wonder if it’s in there.”
Rey turned and saw Frank Brule.  Frank was wearing a brown leather jacket and a green sweater.  Rey remarked that he really had no reason for thinking Frank was homeless.  He’d just always assumed he was.  Frank looked far away like he was lost in some dream.
“I'm Rey Naresh,” Rey said.
When Frank didn’t move Rey looked back at the water tower.  What did Frank mean?  He wondered if what was in there?  Rey decided asking about it would be an impolite way to start a conversation and he said, “I'll buy you lunch if you talk to me.”
Frank snapped out of it, then motioned with his head to the restaurant to their diagonal left.  It was Au Bon Avocado -- a health food restaurant that utilized such a name to capitalize on Pemota’s pride in their popular export.  “It’s my favorite restaurant,” Frank said.  Then he chuckled as if the truth of this statement wasn’t all that important to him.
They walked into Au Bon Avocado which resembled a frat homes basement.  Draping blue tapestries on the ceiling and yellow stained glass lamps, reminded Rey of a basement he’d seen on television.  The only thing it was missing was a pool table.  A sign in front of them read Please Seat Yourself.  They did.
“Actually lad,” Frank said, as he picked up a menu from the edge of the table, “I’m famished.”
“Good food here?”
“Best damn tofu kabob's on this street in Pemota.”  Frank chuckled, then sobered up and looked out the rice paper covered window thoughtfully.  Then he turned a suspicious eye on Rey.  “How’d you get here?”
“My Mom dropped me.  She was driving a red Saturn Ion.  Maybe you saw her.  She’s at The Pemota Gazette now.”
“Ah, Naresh, right?  Isabel?  Wrote the article on the new administration?”
“Yeah.  I read it too.”
“Missed some key points.  Some minor oversights.  But a decent article.  Lots of quotes.”  Then Frank turned a suspicious eye on him.  “What’d ya think about that administration there?”
“Principal Laurie is kinda lame.”
“Yeah, well, you don’t know the half of it.”
“You hear about the graffiti?”
“Graffiti?  Yeah.  I heard about it.  Didn’t do it.”
“How could you have done it?”
“Don’t know who did it.”  He looked out the window.  A couple people walked by looking like a Monet painting through the rice paper.  “Nice to have someone to do things for you.”
Rey wasn’t sure what he meant.  “What do you mean?”
“Your Mom, dropping you in town.  Got my dog, Buster, brings in the paper.  Gotta do the rest myself.  Gonna go to Las Vegas though.  Reunite with my ex.”
“When are you going to Las Vegas?”
“Soon.  Won ten of my last twenty scratch tickets.  Told myself that when my luck was good I’d go.  Luck’s good.”
A waitress walked up to the table wearing a green hat and a blue sleeved shirt.
“My usual.  And a beer, whatever you've got on tap,” Frank said.
Frank and Rey handed her their menus.  “The same,” Rey said.
Azami, the waitress, laughed.  “No beer.  Sorry.”
Rey shrugged.
“You drink beer do you?”
“Sometimes.  I’m not an alcoholic or anything.”
Frank laughed.  “Funny when a high school student has to quantify it.  Thought to leave that to the grown ups.”
“Who’s your ex?”  Rey asked.
“Her name was Ada.  Ada Brule.”
Rey furrowed his eyebrows confused over the difference between Ada and Aba.  Strange coincidence.  He felt his Adam’s apple bob.
“She got a cottage once.  We parted company and she, um, she got a new place to live.  And I don’t know what she was up to.  She never explained it to me.  I didn’t live with her for some time.  But we were together for years.”
“So where do you live?  Are you homeless?”
Azami placed their meals in front of them.  She gave Rey a Coke and said, “On the house.”
“Thankyou,” Rey said.
“No.  I was absent without leave once.  Almost as bad as being homeless.  In the Cold War.  Front lines in the Cold War.  Got shot in the gut with a shotgun.  So I fell and lay there pretending to be dead.  I had to put pressure on the wound without showing any signs of movement.  Barely got patched up in time.”
Rey was aware this story made no sense.  “Wasn’t the Cold War just about our attitude with the USSR?”
“Something like that.  Anyways, the point is, if you’re ever shot in a war pretend to be dead.”
“Hmmm.  Sounds like good advice.”  Rey took a sip of his Coke feeling this was going nowhere fast.
“After that they wanted me to participate in a study.  I get weekly injections.  When I get the injections it has an effect on my mind.”
Rey decided Frank was trying to size him up – wondering if he was someone who he should share his secrets with.  Rey wanted him to know he was.  “I knew someone that wasn’t named Ada, but Aba.  Kinda similar.  She lived in a cottage too.  Up on Mount Monadnock.”
“Yes.  Maybe her name was Aba.”  Frank chuckled and slammed his fist down on his fork sending it flying into the seat next to Rey.
“What’s Avocadonine?”  Rey asked.
“What?”
“Avocadonine.”
“Ah, yes.  Avocadonine.  Sounds like a type of medication.  Doesn’t it.”
“I was thinking it probably wasn’t.  Why did you say it?”
“Sometimes these feelings come over me and I say things.  Don’t know why.”
“Someone wrote it on the school.”
“Ah yes, that graffiti.”  Frank leaned in and said, “Who are you?”
Rey guessed Aba had told Frank something – maybe about a Hispanic boy.  “I got a psychic consultation from someone named Aba Brule when I was in seventh grade.  She talked about something called the ...”
“Avocadites?” Frank said.  Now Frank and Rey were on the same lilly pad.
Rey nodded.
“Hmmm.  I think I see.  She used to talk about the Avocadites sometimes.”
“So who are they?  Are they aliens or something?”
“Nope.  Nope.  Not aliens.”  He rearranged his silverware.  “Tell you what.  I oughta be going.  You can have my tofu kabobs.  Aba got that cottage because she said she was working on something Top Secret.  Wouldn’t tell me what.”
“So Aba wasn’t psychic.”  Rey’s tone fell.
“She told me someday I’d meet a boy and to give him something.  I think that’s you lad.”
“What did she want you to give me?”  Rey was thrilled.
Frank opened his backpack and withdrew a vile of purple liquid.  “I’ve got some of the stuff.  The Avocadonine.”  He handed him a glass vile the size of a grown man’s middle finger with a wooden cork in it.
“Cool,” Rey said.
“But if you want to be a real trooper you’re gonna need this.”  And from his backpack he withdrew a syringe.

----

Brianna Lane was managing two lives.  At Leander, she was writing editorials, climbing the status ladder in student senate, dating a few members of the senior class, and maintaining a 3.8 GPA.  In Pemota, she was interviewing Carolyn’s acquaintances, working at Lots for Little’s, and getting to know certain members of the ninth grade.  Although Radelle didn’t know how Brianna juggled all these responsibilities, or exactly what her motives were regarding her acquisition of fifty bottles of Mountain Springs water that she kept in her room, it was plain to see that it was no accident Brianna often thought of herself as the queen of Leander.
It was a placid and dour Tuesday.  On the Ponderosa Pine, sparrows stared blankly out into Pemota High’s parking lot.  She walked towards the red doors to the school, thinking winter was preparing for a storm that would reclaim its ferocity.  She pulled down her shirt so her breasts looked perky and thought about her attire one last time.  She was wearing bootleg jeans, and an open jean jacket, along with yellow rimmed glasses.
In her right hand she held a red manila file folder.  The folder contained four newspaper clippings chronicling the tragic stories of Carolyn Parker and Adler Angel.  In addition, she had included several papers explaining her intentions as a member of Environmental Friends – a local non-profit organization that used its money and influence to preserve Pemota’s lakes and parks.  Brianna had even spoken to a member of Environmental Friends to make sure her documentation was as legitimate in appearance as possible.
“Yoshi, Maurice, and Rob are absent,” Ms. Parker was saying.  “Who will make some calls tonight?”
Annette raised her hand.  “I will Ms. Parker.”
“Thank you, Annette.”
Rey hadn’t seen Christy in a few days.  Mr. Chandon had sat with him, Fynn, and Mike, – cracked some jokes about Miss Calida – and made a few remarks to Rey about sleeping around and herpes.  Meanwhile, Rey was missing his girlfriend.  Christy said they spent so much time together she was neglecting her other friends, so she deserted him for the girls table.  Last time they were at the reservoir, Christy told Rey about Brianna’s “spic and span” comment.  Rey hadn’t liked Brianna for the simple reason that Christy didn’t.  But now he really had a good reason not to like her.
Annette was speaking, “if they have a condom they are more likely to do it.”
Each student had been assigned to prepare some remarks about condom distribution.  Ms. Parker had distributed them last class. 
Len Mears said, “I had sex yesterday with my new condom, while shooting up, and applying for a handgun.”
“Thank you, Len.  But this is a serious discussion,” Ms. Parker said.  She smoothed out her long jean skirt and took a seat.  She wore a red v-neck blouse.
Brianna stood outside confirming for the second time that voices could not be heard through the thick wooden door.  She waited.  She had prepared a set of questions and statements in her mind similar to a Choose Your Own Adventure book.  If Rey chooses to fight back blackmail him then turn to page 78.  And so on.  If her thinking was correct she’d thought of every possible avenue.
She breathed in to quiet her nerves and opened the door.
“It’s Brianna Lane,” Len Mears said.  He was sitting in the corner of the horseshoe arrangement of desks.  They all knew who Brianna Lane was.  She was famous for being every boy’s junior high and high school dream girl.
“What can we help you with Brianna?”  Ms. Parker said.
“Hi Ms. Parker.”  She waved at the class.  “Hi everyone.  I’m doing some recruiting work for Environmental Friends.  And we are interested in finding high school students.  Looks great on a college application, right?”
“Fabulous,” Ms. Parker said.  “We’re having a discussion but it can wait a few minutes.  Is that all the time you’ll require Brianna?”
Brianna smiled.  “I’m sure it will be.”
Ms. Parker looked at the folder Brianna held in her hands.  “Is this a company sponsored visit?”
“It is.”  Brianna took a handout out of her folder and gave it to Ms. Parker.
Ms. Parker looked over the handout, it was done with Photoshop and printed in black and white.  It looked legit.  “Well, I will surrender my post.”
“Actually,” Brianna said, “I’m supposed to ask the teacher to leave the room.  Our research shows that students volunteer to impress their teachers and we don’t want them to feel any unfair pressure to do so.”
“Well, I’ll be right outside.”
Brianna smiled and sat on the desk as Ms. Parker left the room.  “Only six people in this class.  Surprising.”
“Three are absent,” Darice Switley chimed in happily.
“What are your names?”  Brianna asked.  She turned to the corner on her right.
“I’m Blair Carlyle.”  The girl fluffed her hair.
As they began to go around the room introducing themselves, Rey considered lying about his name.  He didn’t want to mess with Brianna.
“I’m Darice, but people call me Dara.”
Annette took another spoonful of pasta salad, using this break in class to have her lunch early. “Annette Oslow.  I’m friends with your sister, Christy.”
“Oh,” Brianna said.
“I’m Rey.”
Brianna’s eyes widened as if uncovering a scandal.  “The boyfriend.”  She turned to Fynn.
“Fynn.”  He had his head on his desk and gave a two-fingered salute.
“Len Mears,” Len said, formally.
“Well, my name is Brianna.  And I have a business proposition for you.  You do something for me, I do something for you.  First off, however, I wanted to tell you that your lovely health teacher is a hypocrite.”  She opened the folder and began passing around the newspaper clippings.  The class was silent as people began to read.  “Ms. Parker used to be a heroin addict,” Brianna explained.  “Carrie Parker is the love child of a man named Adler Angel.  He killed himself and Ms. Parker has been living a lie ever since.  So much for leading by example.”
“Whoa,” Blair said.
Annette smiled.  “I say we smoke her out when she comes back in the room.  That way she knows we’re down.”
“Can’t she hear?” Blair asked, pointing to the door.
Brianna shook her head.  “It’s soundproof.  I’m going to go public with the story.  Ms. Parker is a terrible person.  And I think it’s time someone did something about it.”
“Ms. Parker is one of the most important teachers at Pemota High,” Rey said.
Brianna ignored the comment.  “As a goodbye party, I’d like the six of you to meet me in the woods behind the school during C period after the B period fire drill on January 20.  My Mom dances to my tune, as I’m sure your aware, Rey, and if you decide to go your own way, I’ll make sure Christy has to break up with you.”
“I thought you said there was something in it for us,” Len said.
“There is,” Brianna said.  “I work at Lots for Little’s.  Now, at the risk of sounding immature, I get discounts.  Sometimes including the five finger one.  Although I won’t be stealing anything of a particularly high value.  How would you guys like to own a Sky Warrior?”
“What’s a Sky Warrior?” Blair asked.
“They’re these helicopter toys,” Brianna said, “They fly by remote control.  They’re so cool.  In addition, you will be graced by my indebtedness to you.  I’m not a bad person to have owe you something as I’m sure your aware.  And I will return the favor at a time of your choosing.”
“What do you want us to do in the woods?” Rey asked.
“You’ll see on December 20.  If you decline, I’ll be forced to get Ms. Parker fired, have Rey break up with Christy, and get my revenge against the six of you some other way.  It’s a pretty simple decision.”
Rey nodded.  “All right.”  If Radelle turned against him, Christy would have to dump him in snap.  It had taken an entire ten minute stroll around the reservoir for Christy to make her point about Radelle’s favoritism clear.
“Do I have your acquiescence,” Brianna asked the class.
The class agreed, as Brianna picked up her newspaper clippings.  She opened the door and Ms. Parker came back in.  “Thank you, Ms. Parker.  I’ll be leaving now.”
“Well, it was lovely to see you again.”
“You as well.  Say ‘hi’ to Carrie for me.”
“Very well.”  
Brianna closed the door behind her and hurried down the hallway feeling elated.  It had gone even more painless than she had planned.  
Ms. Parker took her seat.  She couldn’t help but notice the shifty eyes and nervous dispositions.  So she sat silently, and stared at her students. 
“Ms. Parker,” Annette said, “what do you think about condom distribution in school?”
Ms. Parker smiled, a look of sadness in her eyes.  “It doesn’t appear as if you’ve had a boring visit.  Why don’t you tell me what you all and Brianna really spoke about.”
A half a minute passed.  Then, they did.

Chapter 9

On Wednesday, it snowed for the first time in two years.  It was comforting for the students to wake up to a snow covered morning, although school wasn’t canceled to everyone’s dismay.  Less than an inch stuck – but more than enough for a snowball fight at lunch.  Rey wore his Timberland jacket thinking the added padding might compensate for the school’s inadequate heating.  Most of the ninth grade stayed inside for lunch, but some students, Viola Specks among them, stayed outside for the snowball fight, with no idea what they were missing.  As if the Ms. Parker scandal wasn’t enough to keep Rey’s mind occupied, lunchtime would prove to be a once in a lifetime experience. 
What had happened yesterday, after Ms. Parker realized Brianna wasn’t all she seemed, was that Ms. Parker had gotten the class to confess everything Brianna said and did: how she used Rey’s relationship with Christy and Carolyn’s past to convince the class to meet her in the woods.  Ms. Parker was devastated.  For the first time, the class saw a woman teetering on the edge of breakdown.  It was as if a wall in front of her had been demolished and her true self could be seen for the first time.
She said that she couldn’t imagine Brianna had anything malicious in mind.  Maybe, she said, it was some sort of a prank put on by her friend at Leander.  She said she didn’t think the ninth grade would take her seriously if they knew the truth about her past.  She said that it was almost fifteen years ago, and if Brianna’s intentions were malicious Brianna would have a difficult time convincing the administration to even get her fired.  “Okay,” she said, “Let’s do what Brianna wants as long as it’s not illegal.  Then we’ll deal with it right here, right after.”  Ms. Parker simply didn’t want it to escalate.  
She told them the truth about the Minister Muncie rumor, how Huxley was speaking about getting a tattoo of a dog’s paw and how Minister Muncie had told Marv Core that he’d learned from the Vatican the tattoo would bring iniquity to Pemota.  As the class filed out, Blair echoed the class’ sentiments, saying, “I can’t even believe this.”  But all Rey could think about was Christy, and the power Radelle held over her life – the power Brianna Lane held as well -- and if they could fall into a forbidden relationship as a result, or a completely dead one.
Rey had already decided not to tell Christy about what Brianna had done.  She couldn’t be counted on not to detonate the already tenuous situation.  But Rey needed to do damage control.  He’d thought of a stealthy apology in advance and thought Christy might go for it.  But the mere mention of Brianna’s name could blind her with hate, and Rey couldn’t allow that to jeopardize their situation.
Rey was staring at the stencils on the ceiling of the cafeteria for the first time this school year, wondering how he’d never noticed them before.  They depicted students staring at open textbooks.  As he was caught up in this trance, he thought about Brianna.  He decided he could try asking Christy about why Brianna might have hated Ms. Parker.  But he reminded himself to be careful.  Christy might grow suspicious.
Rey took his attention off the ceiling as Christy sat down next to him.  She opened a carton of orange juice and drank letting out a sigh of pleasure.  “Bad news,” she said.
 “Tell me about it.”
“Okay, I will.  You first.”
Rey wondered if she already knew.  He waited a few seconds to watch her reaction.  She turned to him inquisitively.  He racked his brain and took a sip of his juice box unsure how to broach it.
“I saw your sister talking to Ms. Parker in the hallway.  How do they even know each other?”
“My sister hates Ms. Parker,” Christy explained.  “Because the only A- she ever got was in ninth grade health.”
Rey nodded.  “That’s interesting.”  His heart was racing.  “Minister Muncie made up the rumor about Huxley,” he said disinterested.
“Annette told me.  The administration always takes pity on him.  I guess because of who is Dad is.  So what happened on Sunday?”
“I met him.”  He told her about Frank Brule.  When he reached the part about the vile of purple fluid, Christy seemed skeptical.
“It’s probably water with purple dye in it,” she said.  “I bet like Aba is crazy and so is her husband and they want to see what you’ll do.”
“What about book number 98 and the purple writing.”
“That’s probably Aba Brule’s math book.”
Rey took his math book out of his backpack.  “We have a list here of everyone who’s ever used this book.  Aba’s name isn’t anywhere.  Unless she used to be named Nick Lesley or Jim Diddeon.”  He looked around to make sure no one was watching, and pulled out the vile of purple fluid.  “Maybe I could ask a scientist about it.  I wonder if I could ask Mr. Chandon.”
Christy nodded.  “He makes us do reports on substances.  They call it a substance evaluation report.  We have to check the melting point, solubility, and conductivity, and stuff.  Do you know him?”
“Yeah, he sits with us at lunch sometimes.  He’s cool.  Can I use you as an excuse and tell him you want to see what a really good report looks like.”
“Sure.  Well the bad news is: Huxley is putting death threats in people’s lockers.  Yoshi was absent on Tuesday because she’s afraid Huxley is going to kill her.  A bunch of people were saying it’s our fault.  And Der hates us also.”
“So?”
“So Jason Masago told me that Der’s going to do something to get back at us today.”
Jason Masago was three tables away talking with Peter Laft 
about his latest chess tournament.  Apparently, Peter had just won fifty bucks in a chess game because his opponent was drunk.  Jason was laughing hearing the story.
“What did Jason say?”  Rey asked.
“Nothing really.  Something about a piece of tape covering the lock on the nurse’s door.”
Rey understood it immediately.  The tape would stop the door from locking, and if the nurse didn’t notice it on her way out for her lunch break they could easily get into the office.  There were only two places to broadcast messages from in the school: the front office and the nurse’s office.  Once inside, they could play anything they wanted over the loudspeaker, and the administration would be helpless until they came out of the office.
Christy seemed to know what he was thinking.  “Do you think they would really do that?”
“What would they say?”
“I don’t wanna know.  Maybe if we went down there we could stop them.”
At that moment, the loudspeaker came alive.  “Testing.  Testing,” Der said.  If Rey’s guess was correct, Der was going to use this opportunity to promote his newspaper hobby and if he could hurt Viola Specks, he surely would.  Rey’s guess was exactly right.  “It’s the twelve o’clock lunch hour,” Der said.  “With all your requests.  Where we share our stories of heartache and heartbreak.  For that special someone.  A lovely song now requested for two struggling lovers out there.  A song from Sam Patton to Viola Specks.  Oh my love, my darling, I’ve hungered for your touch.”
Unchained Melody, by the Righteous Brothers, began playing over the loudspeaker.
Rey looked around thankful Viola wasn’t in the cafeteria.  She would be mortified, having never had a boyfriend before or even being looked at by a boy.  It would be the ultimate embarrassment.  Christy picked up her tray and slammed it on the table.  Christy worried that when Viola found out she would be devastated.  She knew her main question would be: “Were people laughing?”  The answer Christy realized as she looked around was a resounding ‘yes.’
Annette was looking over at Christy and Rey.  She held up two middle fingers and flicked off the loudspeaker.  Christy nodded.  Rey was watching Jason Masago who seemed to be having the time of his life, laughing and slapping the table.  Christy turned to Rey.
“It just goes to show how immature we are that people are laughing,” Christy said.
“They’re trying to embarrass her,” Rey said as he looked around.  “And she’s not even in the cafeteria.”
Annette mouthed to Christy, “He’s in so much trouble.”
Christy nodded.
The song faded out, and the laughter slowly faded away.  Der came on the loudspeaker again.  “This is Nadine’s Puppies outside of our usual mode of communication.  Today, we want to tell the entire school that we had nothing to do with the Avocadonine graffiti at the beginning of the school year.  We’re uncovering new information, a conspiracy that has to do with Avocadonine and Avocadites in the ninth grade at Pemota High.  Many members of the ninth grade are reporting psychological disturbances.  And it all seems to point to two key people: Rey Naresh and Christy Lane.  As always, this is Nadine’s Puppies keeping you in the loop, and making you aware of the freaks at Pemota High.”
The entire school heard the sound of the phone being hung up and then silence.  Christy stood up and walked out of the cafeteria.  Rey decided to follow.  He caught up with her and they walked down the hallway, Rey with his arm around her.
“Do you want to go find Viola?”  Christy asked.
“What do you want to say?”
“I just want to break it to her gently.”
“Are you Rey Naresh and Christy Lane?”  It was a junior journalism teacher named Mr. Penn.
Rey and Christy nodded worriedly.
“We need to ask you some questions,” Mr. Penn said.
They followed Mr. Penn down the hallway.  Rey put his finger to his lips and Christy nodded.  They were in agreement on keeping closemouthed about the house with the turret and their relation to the graffiti.
“Who would do this?”  Mr. Penn said.
“His name is Der Kath,” Rey said.  “Him and his friends hate us.”
“Unbelievable.  Ms. Shumana is going to want to ask you some things.  She’s the dean.”
“Are we in trouble?”  Christy said.
Mr. Penn opened the door to the front office.  “Shouldn’t be,” he said.
Principal Claudette Laurie was finishing up her own loudspeaker announcement.  She had hardly said anything as she was unsure how to handle it.  “We will resume now and make a statement about this offense first thing tomorrow in homeroom.”
Ms. Shumana had dark red hair, and thick black glasses.  She 
could have been mistaken for an alien easily.  Mr. Penn left them sitting in her office.  A couple minutes later, Ms. Shumana opened the door and sat behind her desk.  She said.  “Do you know who did this?”
“It was Der Kath,” Christy said.  “His friend Jason told me he was going to do it.”
“Why don’t they like you?”
“They just think we’re not very cool,” Rey said.
“Do you know anything about the graffiti during the beginning of the school year?”
“No.  We didn’t do it or anything,” Rey said.
“Do you know who did?”
Rey shook his head.  Christy did the same.
“We’re going to require some information.  What do you know about this Avocadonine, Avocadites, business?”  Miss Shumana said.
Rey swallowed.  “Not much.”
“What’s ‘not much?’”
“I mean we saw the graffiti,” Christy said, trying to save him.  “And that’s it.”
“Do you know Viola Specks?”
They nodded.
“How do you feel about what they did?”
Christy’s eyes filled with tears.  “Not cool,” she said emphatically.
“We have reason to believe these boys are in a lot more serious trouble than you realize.  And you don’t want it to involve you.  My best advice is to just go your own way.  If you see them in the hallway, look the other way and walk by.”
Rey nodded.  “Okay.”
“Fine,” Christy said.  “But we don’t want them writing
anything about us in that stupid paper.”
Ms. Shumana pointed to the door rudely, and Rey and Christy stood up and left.  As they did so, Der came into the office escorted by Nurse Jean.  She had her hand on his arm and seemed to be trying to ignore his snide smile.  Christy glared at him.  Der smiled back.
Rey spent the next two periods waiting for the axe to drop.  Fynn suggested they eat lunch in wood shop with him for a few days, just until things quieted down.  Rey thought it sounded like a good idea.
When school ended, Rey decided to skip going home on the bus.  He wanted to talk to Mr. Chandon.  When he walked into Mr. Chandon’s class he saw David Benson was doing a lab after school with Jose Fraser.  When Mr. Chandon saw Rey, he smiled big.  “I think that’s a great song.”
Rey lifted himself onto one of the stools necessary for sitting at the high table.  Rey grimaced.  “Everyone laughed.”
Mr. Chandon nodded.  “Well, you know what else is a great song.  ‘Everyone Plays the Fool.’”  He sang, “‘sometimes.  There’s no exception to the rule.’”
“Must have missed that one,” Rey said.
“Your girlfriend skipped class.”
Rey thought he better cover for Christy.  “I don’t think so.  I think she had something like band practice or some...”
“No need.  I’m going to let it slide.”
Mr. Chandon was becoming one of Rey’s favorite people.  “Anyways,” Rey said.  “We were talking and she was saying that you always give her B’s or C’s on her reports and she wants to know what an A+ report looks like.”
“Well, there’s students she can ask.”
“Actually,” Rey said, feeling brave, his heart thumping.  “There’s a substance we wanted you to do the report on.  And give it to us.”
Mr. Chandon gave Rey a confused look.
“It’s kinda important to me ... and Christy.”
“Okay.  Let’s see it.”
Rey pulled the vile of purple liquid out of his backpack.  
“What is it?”  Mr. Chandon asked.
“We want you to tell us.”
“You want me to tell you in an A+ substance evaluation report.”
“Yeah.”
“Tell ya what.  I’ll do it tonight and give it to your girlfriend
first thing tomorrow.  Cool?”
Rey nodded.  “Cool.”
Rey left Mr. Chandon feeling a sense of accomplishment.  The school was deserted, and a turn around the corner at the end of the cheese wedge revealed Huxley, Der, and Joe weren’t on the Smokers Corner.  Instead of calling Isabel, Rey had decided that he wanted to go check out the house with the turret, see what the pictures on the stained glass windows were of, and maybe even take a look inside.
The day was surprisingly warm given the snowfall and the walk was pleasant.  Under the Ponderosa Pines in the forest the leaves were wet, and snow clung to the branches making the trees look like standing faceless angels.  As Rey walked deeper into the woods avoiding sticks in case someone could hear them crunch under his feet, he thought back to that day a few months ago when he’d ran through these woods with Christy.  It seemed a lot had changed.  He no longer felt burdened with the constant need to be with people as if they were some natural Prozac that made him normal.  He could sit home at night and do his homework without worrying the teacher would call on him the next day.
He saw the yellow home approaching, the stained glass windows surrounding it, and the turret.  He ran towards it, leaves and sticks crunching underneath his feet.  Then he heard the faint murmur of voices from inside.  He slowed down to a careful light walk and stepped forward until he was a seven or eight feet from the back of the home.  The stained glass windows all seemed to depict images of avocados.  Different types of avocados.  Rey scanned them hoping for a clue that would reveal their meaning but coming up with nothing.  He walked closer and put his ear against the back of the home. 
Huxley was inside.  Rey recognized his voice.  “I’m gonna need another swig before I can go on,” Huxley said.
Then Joe: “You guys are crazy.”
Rey rounded the home and walked over to the metal doors that led into the turret.  Rey opened them quietly and hurried down the steps.  He closed the doors behind him for a moment having a claustrophobic fantasy of Huxley standing on the doors.  Reminding himself that a sound could give him away, he headed up the steps and looked out the window.  Through the skylights he could see Huxley, Der, and Joe standing around a card table that was surrounded with lawn chairs.  Viola was bent over the table, her shirt pulled up, leaving her bra clasp showing, and her pants pulled down.  Rey’s heart began making its presence felt.  Huxley had a tattoo gun in his hand and was giving Viola a tattoo on her buttocks.  It was a tattoo of a dog’s paw.  Minister Muncie’s rumor was starting to show its effects.
“Marked for life,” Huxley said, with a grin.
Rey pulled a cell-phone out of his backpack and turned on the camera option.  He snapped a couple pictures of the image – Huxley, the tattoo gun, and Viola.  Only Joe’s legs and Der’s feet made it into the frame.
“Huxley lend me a cig,” Der said, sitting on a chair and watching.
“They’re on that chair,” Joe said who was already smoking.
Rey wanted to help Viola, but it looked like Huxley was through.  Huxley pulled her pants up and Viola stood up revealing her face strewn with tears.
“You guys are so mean,” she said.
Joe smiled.  Der laughed.  And Huxley pushed her hard almost knocking her over.  Rey watched telling himself that if it wasn’t over he’d barge in and help Viola fight them off.  But Viola was fastening her belt and wiping her tears away.  Viola walked towards the door and stepped out of the home.  Huxley picked up a shot glass and drank it.  On the corner of the table was a bottle of Jack Daniels.
“I hate that girl,” Huxley said.
“I think she knows,” Der said.
This made the three of them laugh hard again.
Rey sat up and began to step down the steps but he was interrupted by a ringing.  It was his cell phone in his backpack.  He almost went into cardiac arrest.  He took his bag off and unzipped it, jostling papers and pens, in search of the phone.  He found it and popped it open.
It was Christy.  “Hey Rey.”
“One sec,” Rey said whispering.
He went and looked out the window to see if they had heard the phone ringing.  They didn’t.  Joe was putting the bottle of Jack Daniels into his backpack, and Der was lighting a cigarette.
“What are you doing?”  Christy said, whispering also.
“I just got out of school,” Rey said, looking over his shoulder.
“Oh.  My Mom wants you to come over for dinner Friday.  My Dad won’t be there but my sister will.  I promised my Mom you’d say ‘yes.’  Okay?”
Rey felt like fainting.  Brianna.  He racked his brain for an excuse and came up empty headed.  “Sure.”
“I gotta go write my paper,” Christy said.  “See you tomorrow.”
“Later,” Rey said.
She hung up.  Rey watched Viola running away through the woods.  And Huxley, Der, and Joe rounded up their belongings and headed out.  Now, Rey had Friday night to look forward to.  He hit his head on the wall behind him as the weightier thought hit him.
Now, enter the seniors.

Chapter 10

It had only been a day since Pemota High witnessed the Unchained Melody incident and found out Rey Naresh and Christy Lane might have information about the graffiti.  By now, most of the seniors had probably looked Rey and Christy up in the yearbook.  Rey was on his way to Benson’s Tool’s downtown.  It was Thursday, twenty minutes before homeroom, and thirty three hours until Rey would go to dinner at Christy’s house.  Across the street from Benson’s, two seniors lit up a clove and took turns inhaling.  Rey ducked as he walked into Benson’s.
Carl Benson, was Rey’s fellow classmate, David Benson’s, father.  Carl looked at Rey like he was a cockroach invading the store and walking down the center aisle towards him.  Rey guessed Carl was used to teenagers walking out with stolen items.  Rey gave Carl his best declaration of innocence smile.  Carl managed a meager smile of his own.
“What cha looking for?”  Carl asked.
“Some address numbers,” Rey said.  “My Mom wanted me to pick them up.”
“Well we sell them individually behind the counter here,” Carl indicated a set of rows of stick-on address numbers.  “And in sets, these one’s here.”
Rey only needed the bumper sticker that came with one set of numbers.  But he didn’t want Carl to know that.  He swallowed feeling like a criminal.  “I’ll take that set there,” Rey said.
The plan was simple.  Huxley was going to go to his locker tomorrow and see a bumper sticker stuck there.  Rey had noticed the bumper sticker as he wandered into Benson’s Tools before he met Frank Brule.  The bumper sticker was an image of a dog’s paw.  Above the image was written the word, “Official” and below it, the word “Owner.”  To the right of the dog’s paw in big letters were written the words “American Bully” -- a bumper sticker for bulldog owners.  Of course, in this situation it meant something quite different.  Tomorrow, when Huxley’s heart rate doubled, and his mind searched for an answer, Rey would win a small victory in the battle that was becoming a war.
There was a problem arising in this war.  Huxley seemingly didn’t care about the audio tape anymore.  Either he’d gone so off the deep end that his relationship with Marv and Minister Muncie was a non-issue -- or he had begun to think Rey and Christy were bluffing.  Der had raised the stakes after Unchained Melody.  But two questions were still nagging at him:  “Who were the Avocadites?  And what did they want?”
Carl put three sets on the counter and gave Rey an “I hate troublemakers” look.  He scanned the bar codes and finally said, “You in my son’s class?”
“I think so.”  Rey looked him in the eye waiting to see where this was going.
“Where ya live?” Carl Benson asked. 
Rey handed him the money.  “Lighthouse Point.”
“That’s in South Pemota?”
Rey nodded.
Carl turned to his left and looked at a radio that was sitting on the table.  He turned it on, and popped the register open to give Rey his change.  Rey hypothesized Carl was going to see if the radio made a humming sound.  Rey guessed Ryan O’toole wasn’t the only person to get wise to the fact that there was something very strange going on in Pemota, California.
“One twenty-one,” Carl said.  He handed Rey his change.  He glanced back at the radio.
Rey noted there was no humming sound coming from the radio.  There never was one with him around.  Ryan had said he spoke to so many people who said it was happening to them also.  Rey hadn’t heard anything from these people.  But now he thought that the problem was more prevalent than he ever would have guessed.  He thought his resistance to electronic devices reacting with him had something to do with the drink Aba had given him: Looza Avocado.
Rey mustered up as much courage as he could.  “The humming sound right?  From electronics?”
“My son complains about it.  Says it’s happening to the ninth grade.  Don’t hear nothing myself.”
“But you know he’s telling the truth.”
“Haven’t heard it.  Have you?”
“Yeah.  It’s for real.  But I don’t know why.  Tell David I said ‘hey.’”
“Happy trails,” Carl said, with a perplexed expression.
Rey turned and made a bee line for the door.  He was going to be late for homeroom.  He pushed the door open and collided with someone hard.  He almost fell over.  He looked up.  It was one of the seniors who was smoking a clove.  To Rey’s left was his friend.
“Hey,” the senior he’d collided with said.
Rey looked at him.  He had wavy brown hair, his lips were upturned at the edges, and he was wearing a green fleece.
“Hey,” Rey said warily.
“I’m Tristan,” the senior said.  He extended his hand.  Rey looked at his friend.  He was a black eyed beetle looking guy.  His friends called him “Roach.”  He had a black jacket with purple stripes, and a serious expression on his face.
“I’m Rey,” Rey said, shaking his hand.
“Oh, we know,” Roach said.
“The whole school knows,” Tristan said.
Rey felt like vanishing into thin air.  “I gotta go or I’m gonna be late for homeroom.”
“Hold up,” Tristan said.
“No seriously.  I’m gonna be late.”
Tristan pulled a wallet out of his back pocket.  “We want to the inside scoop.  The entire senior class is gonna want to know all about it.  We want to know who did it and why.  Tell us and we’ll owe you.”
Rey was worried he was going to be late, but at the moment it struck him that having a few seniors at his beck and call could definitely come in handy.  “What time is it?”
Tristan looked at his watch.  “You’ve got fifteen minutes.”
“You’ll owe me?” Rey asked.
Tristan nodded.  He opened his wallet and pulled out a twenty.  He handed it to Rey.  “We want to know everything.”
“It was Nadine’s Puppies,” Rey said.
“Who are Nadine’s Puppies?”  Tristan asked.
“They’re the kids with the newsletter.  Punks,” Roach said flatly.
Rey nodded.  He told them about how Huxley, Der, and Joe hated them and how Rey and Christy had black mailed them with an audio tape.  He told them how Der had put a piece of tape over the lock in the nurse’s office and broadcasted the song.  The seniors listened to the whole story with amused smiles on their faces.
“I gotta go,” Rey said.
“You going out with Brianna Lane’s sister?”  Roach said.
Rey nodded.
“Cool,” Tristan said.  He gave Rey a handshake pulling on the fingertips with a snap.  “Hey Rey Naresh,” Tristan called as Rey walked away.  “We owe you.”
“You know it,” Rey called back.  He turned and broke into a sprint.
As he ran he thought about last night.  Last night, Huron had called him.  It was the first time they’d spoken in weeks.  Huron was sweating something and was bummed out.  According to Huron, James had started smoking marijuana and dealing it on the side for some extra cash.  That stuff will mess up your life, Huron said, and Rey couldn’t have agreed more.  Huron said, James was like a zombie during the day and was failing almost all his classes.  But the really interesting thing was Huron said James was almost passing out at a party and he said, “I’m a freakin’ Avocadite.”  Rey asked Huron what James meant, but Huron didn’t know.
Rey stepped into his homeroom just as the bell rang.  “Rey Naresh,” Miss Calida said.  “So nice of you to join us.  We’ll hear about Rey shortly.”  She finished checking off her attendance list and the loudspeaker cackled to life.  Principal Claudette Laurie came on and explained that yesterday a student broke into the nurse’s office and broadcasted that song and message.  Rey thanked his stars his name wasn’t mentioned.  Then she went on to say that the behavior would not be tolerated and the student would face severe disciplinary action.  She apologized for the classes that were interrupted.  She’d smoothed it over perfectly, Rey thought.  It would be forgotten about in a month.  He took a deep breath and exhaled.
“I sort of hoped we were above that kind of thing,” Miss Calida said.
“Who did it?”  David Benson asked.
“Der Kath,” Eliza Martel said.
Ms. Shumana came on the loudspeaker as she often did in the mornings.  She gave the afternoon sports schedule and then said that report cards will be passed out at the end of the day in homeroom, ten minutes before the day ended.  Rey thought he could make it to Huxley’s locker and apply the bumper sticker when the hallways were empty.  He was concerned that he was going to get mostly C’s.  He spent more time in class daydreaming than listening and more time on the phone with Christy than doing his homework.
Later that morning, Ms. Parker was mute on the subject of Unchained Melody and the message.  Rey noted that maybe she wanted to treat his privacy as she would her own.  Maybe it was a sign of respect and understanding, and he told himself he wouldn’t forget it.
After health, Christy walked up to him when he was at his locker.  He had science for the mid-day lunch period which was an hour and a half long – including lunch time.  Christy told him they were eating lunch in wood shop with Fynn.
She threw her backpack down and sent it skidding like a bowling ball into a locker next to Rey.
“Rey,” she said, “We are officially in the Twilight Zone.”
“Great,” Rey said.  “And I thought my day was strange before.”
“What happened yesterday, when I called?  You were all weird.”
Rey picked up his backpack and they walked down the hallway as Rey told her all about Viola Specks and the tattoo they were putting on her.
“So no purple welts, purple liquid,” Christy said derisively.
A few days ago, Rey had told Christy his theory that the purple welts on Viola’s back had some connection to the purple fluid Frank Brule had given him.  “Nope.  I saw what they’re doing to her.  Tattoos,” Rey said, feeling a little insulted.
“On her butt.  God that is so messed up.”
“What class do you have now?”
“I have study hall,” Christy said.
“She just got the tattoo yesterday so I don’t know why her father is beating her.”
“Annette says her father is two neurons away from a lobotomy.”
Rey took a breath and exhaled.  “So what did Mr. Chandon say?”
“You ready?  Mr. Chandon and Miss Calida got in a car accident last night in North Pemota by where Annette lives.”
“What were they doing in North Pemota?  I thought they didn’t even have cars by where Annette lives.”
Christy laughed.  “That’s not the weird part.  When the police found them they were both outside of their cars and locked together in a French kiss.”
“But Mr. Chandon hates Miss Calida,” Rey said.
“Annette told me her mother got a call from a woman who witnessed the whole thing.”
“Miss Calida was like really happy in homeroom,” Rey said to himself quietly.
Christy reached into her backpack and withdrew the vile of purple fluid.  “And Mr. Chandon wants to know if you’re from another planet.”
Rey took the vile from her.
“He kept asking me where I got it so I just said you found it.”
Rey’s heart was thumping away.
“Okay,” she said.  “It’s highly acidic.  Mr. Chandon said he wouldn’t taste it.  But it interacts with electricity.  Mr. Chandon said he was so intrigued he decided to test it out on a lab mouse.  And ... the electronic feeder started making a buzzing sound.  Mr. Chandon says he wants to talk to you immediately.”
“Do you think it’s safe to tell him?”
“Tell him what Rey?  That you met some crazy lady who said a bunch of weird stuff?”
“Um, yeah.”
“I don’t know.  I gotta go.”  Christy turned into her study hall.  “Rey, five-thirty tomorrow at my house.”
Rey took a turn into science class, and saw most of the class staring at him.  Rey paid it little mind.  His thoughts were preoccupied with Brianna.  What could she do in ten or fifteen minutes in the woods before Health Class?  Of even more immediate concern was tomorrow night at dinner.  Rey hoped Christy wouldn’t figure out that Brianna and he knew each other.  The more he thought about it, the guiltier he felt.
At lunch, they waited until Mr. Murray had left wood shop and then chose a side room where they wouldn’t be visible from the hallway.  They took two wood stools off the shelf and joined Fynn who was sitting on a pile of wood chips.  Rey had a bag lunch, and Radelle had given Christy one as well, although Radelle didn’t know why.
“What the hell is an Avocadite?” Fynn said abruptly.  He pulled on his 49er’s cap and shook his head.
“Beats me,” Christy said, exchanging a smile with Rey.
Both Rey and Christy were wondering why Fynn wasn’t outside smoking as usual.  But neither of them wanted to broach the issue.  They were thankful Fynn was letting them spend their lunchtime out of the cafeteria.  Fynn thought they should just spend a few days waiting for things to quiet down.
“I was at Annette’s house on Saturday because her brother was having a party and James Owens was there and he said he’s an Avocadite.”
“That’s what Huron said,” Rey said.  “Was he high?”
Fynn shrugged.  “I think he was just drunk.”
“I can’t believe she doesn’t even invite me over when her brother is having a party,” Christy said.
“There’s something wrong with her,” Fynn said.  He took a bite of a sandwich.  “She’s always acting like she’s distracted.”
“Is she on anything?” Christy asked.
Fynn shook his head.  “But she says she’s seeing things.”
“Are you sure?” Rey asked.  “She seemed normal the last couple times I’ve seen her.”
“She wouldn’t tell me what she’s seeing, but, like, ever since the graffiti things have been getting strange.”
“What else have you heard?” Christy asked.
“Just people in our class.  In, like, fear and confusion.”
“What do you drink every day?”  Rey asked.  “Water?”
“I drink water at home only.”
“Do you have a well?” Christy asked.
Fynn nodded.
“I have a well also,” Christy said.
They sat in silence for a couple minutes.  Rey was thinking about Aba.  He felt like telling her her Avocadites adventure was more a stitch in his side than a runner’s high.  Christy was thinking about Brianna – the “my sister just got her period” incident from a few years ago.  Brianna better not embarrass Christy in front of Rey.  She imagined even Radelle wouldn’t let that fly.  But she couldn’t be sure.
As if following her train of thought, Fynn said, “Why do you and your sister hate each other so much?”
Rey started feeling like this wasn’t a conversation he could have with a clean conscience.
“Who even said we did?”  Christy said.  “It’s like everyone knows that but we never even tell anyone about it.”
“Annette tells people,” Fynn said.  “But everyone knows what happened in sixth grade.  And she used to make fun of you with her friends.  So ... people talked about it.”
“It’s complicated,” Christy said.
“What’s it going to be like tomorrow?” Rey said, wondering if Christy could sense his heart racing.
“Well, my Mom will probably ask you a bunch of questions.  And Brianna will probably be nice unless we say anything about the dangers of prostitution.”
The three of them laughed.
“I think she has a date after dinner anyways, so we will barely even see her.”
“How’d she find a date in Pemota?” Fynn said.
Christy furrowed her brows.  “What do you mean?  She can go out with any guy she wants.”
“Yeah, but isn’t she at school all the time?”  Fynn asked.
Rey exchanged a sharp glance with Fynn.  Fynn seemed to be playing these cards with a poker face but Rey would have preferred to drop the whole game.
“She’s working here on the weekends,” Christy said.  “Actually, she’s here all the time.  I’ll be amazed if she’s not failing her classes.”
“Report cards,” Rey said dismally upon being reminded.
Fynn looked depressed as soon as Rey said it.  Then he brightened up.  “I quit.”
“Smoking?” Christy said.
Fynn nodded.
“How long has it been?” Rey asked.
“Three weeks,” Fynn said.  He seemed genuinely proud.
“Congrats,” Christy said.
They talked for awhile longer before the bell rang.  Rey admitted his report card was going to be a failure.  Fynn seemed inordinately depressed about the topic of report cards and wouldn’t admit what kind of grades he was going to get.  Christy said her report card was good except for math with Ms. Aster.  Then Christy perked up as an important question occurred to her.
“What were they pictures of?” she asked as they rounded up their things.
“Oh,” Rey said.  “Avocados.  Different types of avocados.”
Christy threw her backpack onto her shoulder.  “Avocados?”
Rey nodded.
Christy shook her head.  “Weird is an understatement.”
They walked out of wood shop and headed in opposite directions.  Rey had another half hour of science and then spanish with Christy and Viola.  Rey was planning on confronting Viola and showing her the picture as well as convincing her to do something about what Huxley was up to.  It was time to help Viola before Nadine’s Puppies did something even worse than tattoos.
Viola walked into Spanish class looking like she kicked self-pity in the pants twenty times before the day began.  She couldn’t appear more resilient.  And it occurred to Rey that if he didn’t know what he knew, he would think Viola had a completely normal life.  He called the photograph of her bent over the card table up on his cell-phone.  Viola took a seat in front of him and turned to him.  “Can I check it?”  She said conspiratorially.
Rey opened up his binder and handed her the homework.
Christy walked in with David Benson who seemed to be talking to her about whether or not Der was going crazy.  Rey thought back to what Aba Brule had said: “The Avocadites don’t care about what makes us human.  What’s still left for us in the garden.”  The significance of that statement still eluded him.
Rey passed the cell-phone up to Viola.  She looked at the photograph and then turned to him quickly.  “Who gave you that?”
“I took it myself,” Rey said, quietly.  “Me and Christy already found the place months ago.”  He took another look at the photograph of Viola bent over the card table.  It was one of the more disturbing things he’d ever seen.
“Don’t show it to anyone okay.”  Their voices could not be heard over the commotion of other speaking class members.
“Viola.  Minister Muncie started a rumor that Huxley would be evil when he got a tattoo of a dog’s paw.  That’s why Huxley gave you that tattoo.”
She took another look at the photograph then handed the cell-phone back to Rey.
“Why are you letting them do this?”  Rey asked.
Viola thought for a moment.  “Sam Patton told me he thought I was pretty so I let him lead me there and they were waiting.”
The bell rang and Ms. Carmen closed the door.
“Pass your homework up to the front of the room please,” Ms. Carmen said.
The class members did so.  Rey thought about what Viola had said.  Sam Patton was a husky boy who Rey had english with last year but they hadn’t spoken.  He was generally thought of as a hick.  But Rey thought Viola and Sam would make a decent couple.
“I’m handing out a story for you to read.  I want you to divide up into two’s and alternate, translating every other paragraph,” Ms. Carmen said.
Viola turned to Rey, and then maneuvered her desk, seemingly uninterested in the possibility he’d rather partner with Christy.
“You have to delete the photo,” she said.  She received the story they were supposed to translate and handed a copy to Rey.  “My father isn’t beating me.”
Rey looked at the story.  “So it’s all Huxley?”
She nodded bashfully.
“So ... why did you lie?”
She looked at her copy disinterested.  “I guess I didn’t want anyone to know.”
“Know Huxley was a jerk?”  Rey said confused.
She didn’t answer.
“Viola, tell me.  Maybe I can help.”
Viola thought for a few moments.  “They know something about me.  That I don’t want people to know.”
“What do they know?”
“I’m a lesbian,” she said quietly.
“You are?”  Rey shrugged.  “Oh, well ... that’s cool.  So they said they’d tell people if you tried to stop them?”  Rey asked.
Viola nodded.
Rey had a feeling this wasn’t the whole story.  But Ms. Carmen was watching them.  “This is a graded assignment,” she told the class.
They spent the next ten minutes translating the story so as not to get into trouble with Ms. Carmen.  When they passed the assignment up to the front of the room they spent the rest of the class going over the words for household objects.  When the bell rang Rey had done some thinking about what Viola said.  It didn’t ring true for him.
She put her things in her backpack and Rey watched her.  If his suspicion was correct Viola didn’t really care what Rey thought anymore.  For all the Belgian beer in the world, Rey couldn’t guess why.
“My report card is gonna be terrible,” Rey said.
“Mine isn’t,” Viola said.  “I made honor roll.”
“You made honor roll?”
Viola nodded.
Then the thing Rey was missing occurred to him.  “Wait.  Why would it matter if Sam Patton said you were pretty if you’re a lesbian?”
Viola’s eyes widened.  She didn’t say anything.
“Viola.  If you don’t want to tell me it’s okay, but I might be able to help.”
“I don’t know if I’m a lesbian.  Sam Patton lead me there yesterday.”
“So why are you letting them do this?”
“I asked them to do it to me ... last quarter,” she said stone-faced.  “Because of how I feel.  But Brianna Lane came to talk to me and she said that if I made honor roll I would feel better.  So I did.”  She threw her backpack onto her large frame, then said, “And I do.”  She walked out.

Chapter 11

The hallway looked especially frightening on that Thursday afternoon when Rey applied the bumper sticker to Huxley’s locker.  Miss Calida was busy handing out report cards when Rey ran to the freshman hallway and dropped his backpack by his feet.  Above him florescent lights flickered on and off.  He could hear voices of students who had the same idea as he did – be late to pick up report cards – from down the bend of the hallway.  At any moment, the front doors could open and a teacher could come walking in.  But Rey decided to proceed with the plan anyways.
On Friday morning, when Huxley went to his locker, he felt his body constrict with fear and anger.  There, right beneath the 79, was the bumper sticker.  The words “Official Owner” and “American Bully” sent a chill down his spine.  He thought about whether or not it could be Viola that had stuck the bumper sticker there and decided it was unlikely.  Viola was too much of a passives to do that.  She might have told someone about it but that struck Huxley as unlikely also.  And he considered for a brief moment that someone was in the turret while he was giving her the tattoo, maybe even Rey Naresh.
When Rey awoke Friday morning, he looked up at the avocado juice bottles on his bookshelf, and reminded himself not to drink any tap water.  Isabel called from upstairs alerting him to a phone call.  He couldn’t imagine who would be calling him, but wasn’t surprised when he found out it was Brianna Lane.  It was seven-thirty and Rey had to catch a bus in twenty minutes.  He tried to make the phone call brief.  Brianna said the game plan was that the two of them didn’t know one another – that they were like onions and chocolate.  Brianna said to be respectful of her around Radelle if he wanted to keep his girlfriend.  “Then don’t embarrass Christy,” Rey said.  “Don’t worry,” Brianna said cheerfully, “Tricks are for kids.”
Isabel was dissatisfied with his report card.  Rey had gotten mostly C’s.  Except in physical education and spanish, of course, where he always did well.  Rey was more worried about making a good impression on Radelle.
“You got almost all B’s last quarter,” Isabel said.
“I know.”  They made their way towards Christy’s home.  Rey had the address written down on a slip of paper in his pocket.
“You got straight C’s.  Why?”
“I’ve just been busy.”
“Are you spending too much time with your girlfriend?”
“It doesn’t have anything to do with Christy,” Rey said.  This wasn’t entirely true.  He spent almost every Saturday and Sunday with Christy.
“Well, what’s it about?”
“There’s some things that I can’t really tell you about.”  Rey wanted to tell Isabel the truth but he wasn’t ready yet.
“What things?”
“I don’t know.  Can we talk about it another time?”
“I want to talk about it now.”
Rey turned to Isabel and realized she seemed inordinately troubled.  He couldn’t possibly guess what the letter from Adele could say and he was more than a little daunted by it.  “You’re keeping secrets from me, so why shouldn’t I keep secrets from you?”
“I’ll show you the letter in a few days.  It’s not your teachers fault is it?”
“No.”  Rey noted that Isabel was in a foul mood.
“I want you to get better grades next quarter.  You’re smart.  I know you can.”
“All right,” Rey said.  “Take a left here.”
“What’s the address?”
Rey pulled the slip of paper out of his pocket.  “582 Mary Anne Way.  It’s up here on the left.”
They pulled into Christy’s driveway.  “I should come to the door with you.”
“Do you have to?”
“Rey.  If I don’t bring you to the door, it’s rude.”
Rey sighed, thankful that his mother wasn’t staying for dinner also.  They knocked on the door, hearing Ruffenstein inside barking powerfully for such a small dog.  Isabel looked the house up and down.  It was a nice home.  The door opened and a woman looking a bit like a wrinkled Raggedy Anne doll stood there.
She smiled.  “Hey, Rey.  I’m Radelle.”
Rey waved and stepped inside.  “Hey, Radelle.”
“This is Ruffenstein,” Radelle said, pointing to the Yorkshire Terrier with a mustache.
“He looks like he needs a pipe,” Rey said.
Radelle laughed.  “Yeah.  I suppose he does.  Christy’s in her room.”
Isabel stepped forward.  “Hi, I’m Isabel.  Great to meet you.”  She extended her hand.
“I’m Radelle,” she said, shaking her hand.  “I said it’s fine they hang out but there will be no spending of the night.”
“Not until they’re thirty-five anyway.”
“Or dead,” Radelle said.  “You write for the Gazette.  I read your articles.  Quite good.”
“Thank you.  I’ll be back to pick Rey up at nine.”
“Perfect.”  Radelle smiled and closed the door.
Rey saw Christy coming down the steps to meet him.  She was wearing khaki shorts and and white T-shirt, the same outfit she was wearing at the beginning of the school year at Overlook Park.  “You brought your backpack?” she said.
“Yeah.  I thought we could get spanish homework over with.”
“All right,” Christy said.
They made their way to the dinner table.  “Well Rey, I’ve got Chinese stir fry and pasta,” Radelle said.  “I hope that’s all right with you.”
“Sounds great,” Rey said.
Christy sat in her standard chair and Rey to her right.  At that moment, Brianna emerged from the hallway.  “This is Christy’s sister, Brianna,” Radelle said.
“We’ve met in a past life I’m sure,” Brianna said.  She put her report card on the counter because she hadn’t had a chance yet to show it to Radelle.
“So tell us about yourself, Rey?”  Radelle said, serving everyone a helping on four plates spread around the counter.
“What do you want to know?”  Rey asked.
“How are you enjoying the school year so far?”
“It’s been really interesting.”
Christy picked up where he left off.  “It’s been an adventure.”
“From what little I know it certainly sounds like it,” Radelle said.  “What do you guys want to drink?”
“Water’s fine for me,” Christy said.
Rey thought about this.  He remembered the conversation they’d had with Fynn – that Christy drank water from a well.  “Water’s fine,” he said.
Brianna pulled three bottles of water out of the refrigerator. 
“Since when do we have bottled water?” Christy said, as Brianna placed a bottle each by their plates.
“Our father is in Ontario for work,” Brianna said.  “He’s designing a health club.”
“Cool,” Rey said.  Rey looked at the bottle of water.  It said Mountain Springs on it.  If Looza Avocado was given to him by Aba Brule, Rey thought, how would Mountain Springs be any different?
Radelle joined them at the table, and Brianna and Christy began eating, leaving Rey to realize no one was going to say Grace – not that he ever did either.  “Christy and I haven’t had a chance to talk yet but apparently there was some kind of prank.  And it involved you two,” Radelle said.
“Um, which one?” Christy said.
Rey felt like he was jumping rope on a mine field.
“I got a call from Principal Claudette Laurie today letting me know she was concerned,” Radelle said.  “She suggested we meet with a guidance counselor.  She said someone broke into the nurse’s office and broadcasted a message regarding some disturbing information.”
Rey wondered why Claudette Laurie hadn’t called Isabel.  Or perhaps Isabel simply hadn’t told him about it.
“Oh no, it’s no big deal,” Christy said.
“I started to feel guilty about not picking you up a few months ago.  Are these boys causing you a lot of trouble?”  Radelle asked.
“We’ve got it under control,” Rey said.  He opened the bottle of Mountain Springs and drank.
“What is this Avocadites, Avocadonine, business?”  Radelle asked.
The table was silent.  The seconds passed, Rey feeling like his main priority was to make it through the next minute alive.  He had no idea what to say.  He looked at Christy who seemed as at a loss for words as he was.
Then Brianna said, “I know all about it.”  She took a sip of water.  “There’s a member of the ninth grade that’s seeing things and spreading some crazy rumors.  Right guys?”
Christy looked at Brianna like she’d just proved she was from Antarctica.  “We think so,” Christy said, still staring.
Radelle stood up to get a second serving of pasta.  “How is the meal, Rey?”
“Really good.  Thanks, Ms. Lane.”
“Call me Radelle.”
Brianna was busily eating and didn’t seem to care that the two of them were beyond curious.
Radelle sat down again and said, “What are your guy’s plans for tonight?”
“I want to try the Ouija Board with Rey,” Christy said.
“That sounds like fun,” Radelle said.
“So she can find out if she’s adopted,” Brianna said bitterly.
“Well no one in this family even looks like each other,” Christy said.
“Told you,” Brianna said.
It was plain to see the tug of war had begun, and Radelle was thinking of how to nip it in the bud.  “Christy, we don’t want to hear complaints about our family when we have a guest.”
“Cinderelly, Cinderelly,” Brianna sang, “Night and day it’s Cinderelly, do the sweeping and the dusting and the mopping, they always keep her hopping.”
Radelle noticed for the first time Brianna’s report card was on the counter.  “Is that your report card?” Radelle asked.
“I got straight A’s this semester,” Brianna announced to the three of them, “and my Political Science professor, Mr. Dagan, wants me to go to Washington D.C. this summer and have an internship with his college sweetheart.”
“Are you missing all your classes on Friday?”  Radelle asked.  “You’re here quite a bit.”
“I skip my classes all the time,” Brianna said.
“How do you skip your classes and get straight A’s?” Christy said, as more of an accusation than anything.
“Don’t be such a sour puss, Christy,” Brianna said.  “Just because you’re a loser doesn’t mean everyone else has to be.”
“Christy isn’t a loser,” Rey said.
“Fine,” Brianna said.  “She’s not a loser.  She’s just irritable because she wants some Judy Booty.”
“Do you guys know someone named Inez Castel?” Radelle asked to the change the subject.
Rey looked up.  “I do.”  Inez Castel was in fifth grade with Rey and Christy.  He was Italian with mussed black hair and a sharp look in his eye.  He was easily the smartest person in the grade, known by some as a prodigy.  He had only spoken to Rey once.  Inez came up to Rey and asked him if he wanted to play four square.  Rey said that it wasn’t fair.  Four square was a game that didn’t have a clear set of rules.  Inez laughed awkwardly.
“How do you know him?”  Christy asked.
“He was in fifth grade with us.  He had Mr. Wallis.”
“I had Mr. Wallis,” Brianna said.  “He was the coolest.”
“Inez was a genius,” Rey said.
“How so?”  Radelle asked.
“Well, like, at the end of the day we would always have a contest to see who could guess the word of the day’s definition.  And Inez knew it every day.  He did high school math in fifth grade.  Also he was awesome at baseball.”
“Lilliette told me he’s back,” Radelle said.
“Lilliette is another Librarian,” Christy said to Rey.
“I haven’t seen him,” Rey said.  “He’s not at school with us I don’t think.”
“I don’t think so either,” Christy said.
“He’s been spotted around town a lot.  I only mention it because he owes 250 dollars in unpaid library fines.”
“He should just find another library,” Rey said.
“He’s still in the system,” Radelle grimaced – unpaid library fines were her major pet peeve.  “Where did he move after he left here?”
“No one knows,” Rey said.  “One day, before the school year was even over, he just disappeared.”
“I’ve got to go,” Brianna said.  She pushed her chair out and brought her plate to the sink.  “I have to meet Ron in a half-hour.  Good to meet you, Rey.  I’m sure we’ll be seeing more of each other.”
Radelle smiled, thinking Brianna the picture of perfection.
“All right,” Rey said to Brianna, thinking the mine field was looking safer.  He’d survived the meal but he was beginning to think that he could never tell Christy about Brianna and Ms. Parker.  The betrayal would be too strong for her to forgive him.  Perhaps, the only option was for her to never know.
“Are you finished, Rey?” Christy said.
Rey nodded.  “Thank you, Radelle.  That was really good.”
“My pleasure,” Radelle said.  “You’re mother says she’ll be here at nine.”
Christy pushed her chair out and beckoned Rey to follow her.  They went up the stairs, Christy hoping on several feeling buoyant.  Rey and Christy had spent many Friday nights at the reservoir kissing, but Annette had explained to Rey on the bus one Friday afternoon that Christy wasn’t ready to do anything sexual.  Annette said that she might change her mind in awhile but in the meantime Rey knew not to try anything until Christy gave him the go ahead.
“I have the Ouija Board in my room,” Christy said.  “I’ve tried it a couple times with Annette and we never got through to anyone.  But Brianna says that she’s heard people can become possessed and channel dead relatives if they get lucky.  Have you ever tried it?”
“No.  Never,” Rey said.
Christy opened the door to her room and Rey took in the surroundings.  Her desk and chair were painted purple, along with a purple cordless phone, and the rest of the room was blue.  She had several posters that Rey recognized from a store called Success, which sold inspirational items.  An 8-ball on the desk showed that Christy’s superstitious side was prominent and new to him.
“Okay,” Christy said.  She pulled the Ouija Board out of her closet and placed it on the bed.  “You sit here.”
“Do we both put our hands on the thing?”
“Mmm hmm.”  Christy was thinking about how to set the mood.  “What if we got some candles?”  She left the room and went across the hallway to the linen closet.  She emerged with two candles in holders and a small packet of matches.  She turned off the lights.  “We keep these for emergencies,” Christy said.  She placed the candles on her night table and lit them.  Rey placed his hands on his side of the indicator, then Christy on the opposite side.  “We need to ask it a question and see if it moves,” Christy said.
“Okay.  What do you want to ask it?”  Rey said.
Christy closed her eyes.  “Ouija Board, tell us how to find out the answers to the mystery at Pemota High.”
They both watched the indicator.  Thirty seconds passed.  Then a minute.  Nothing.  Then, slowly, the indicator began to move.  Christy watched with delight as it headed towards the word ‘yes’.  Then she realized it.
“That was you.”  She hit Rey in the shoulder.
“It’s not going to work, Christy.  You have to be psychic or something.”
“Let’s try it one more time,” Christy said.  
They tried again.  They both put their hands on the indicator and Christy asked another question, “Ouija Board, who built the house with the turret?”  This time almost three minutes passed to no avail.  Finally, Christy dropped her shoulders.  But Rey still had hope.
“Do you have any pets other than Ruffenstein?” 
“My sister has a gerbil named Casey.”
A mischievous smile played at the corners of his mouth.  “I got an idea.”

Chapter 12

Brianna Lane’s room smelled of wood chips and lavender.  Behind the door, concealed from Rey and Christy, were thirty-five bottles of Mountain Springs water.  She had four posters.  One depicted Janis Joplin, Jimmy Hendrix, and Kurt Cobain in a bit of abstract art entitled Forever 27 – she had a poster of the Stanley Kubrick film Lolita – the Salvador Dali painting The Metamorphosis of Narcissus – and she had wall to wall fashion ads from a magazine called Lights Up surrounding the posters.  The furniture was dark oak.  Casey, her gerbil, was in a cage on her bureau.
“Why does your sister like the movie Lolita?”  Rey asked.
“She likes the book, I know,” Christy said.  “I’ve never asked her about the movie.”
Rey took in the rest of the room.  “Forever 27,” he read quietly.  “Where’s the gerbil?”
“Right there,” she pointed to the bureau.  “Rey, I know what you’re thinking.  It will kill my sister’s gerbil.”
Rey sat on the bed.  “Frank Brule said that he gets weekly injections.”
“But wasn’t that part of some random story?”  Christy sat on the chair in front of Brianna’s desk.
“He was trying to tell me something.  He said sometimes these feelings come over him and he says things, but he doesn’t know why.  I say we inject the gerbil with the fluid and put it on the Ouija Board.”
“Rey, if my sister comes home and finds her gerbil dead, my Mom will ground me for a year and force me to see an exorcist.”
“How old is it?”  Rey walked over to the cage and lifted the lid.
“She’s had it for like two years.”
“How long do they live?”
“Three years tops.”
“It won’t die.”  Rey put his fingers in front of Casey’s face and the gerbil nibbled on them.  “We’ll inject it with a little.”
Christy sighed.  “Rey, we can’t.”
Rey turned around and noticed the bottles of Mountain Springs water behind the door for the first time.  They had off white paper in the middle and Mountain Springs written in cursive font.  On the back of the label was a promotional blurb about Mountain Springs.  Rey walked over and picked up one of the bottles.
“Christy, your sister knows what’s going on.”
“I know.”
“What do you think about what she said, a girl in the ninth grade who’s seeing things.  That sounded like Annette.”  Rey put the bottle in his front pocket.  “I’m going to take one.  I bet I can get it analyzed.”
“Also, I don’t get why Brianna would be talking to Ms. Parker in the hallway.  My sister hates Ms. Parker.”
Rey took a breath trying to quell his nerves.  He stood there staring into space.  Then something within him pushed him, forced the words out, and he found himself telling Christy everything about Brianna’s visit to Ms. Parker’s class.  He walked over to the bed, and put his head on his hand, looking at Christy’s open-mouthed expression.
“I couldn’t tell you.  I mean I am telling you, but I didn’t think I should because I knew you’d get mad.”
“I am mad, Rey.”
“Christy you can’t say anything.  Ms. Parker said that we’re going to pretend to go along with it and if you do anything Ms. Parker will get fired.”
Christy took a deep breath.  “Fine.”  Christy walked over to the gerbil and picked it up with both hands.  “Casey’s in for a strange awakening.”
Meanwhile, Rey took the bottle of water out of his pocket and turned it over to read the back of the label: Mountain Springs is as cool and refreshing as a shot of cold air from the Pemota Canyon Mountains.  Produced in Pemota, California, Mountain Springs will remind you of the pure taste and exhilaration of water after a long run.  Enjoy.
“I guess I should have read the label before drinking it,” Rey said.  “It’s from Pemota.”
“I’ve never heard of a company in Pemota that bottles water.  Come on.”  They left Brianna’s room, Christy holding the gerbil, and Rey examining the bottle.
They walked down the hallway, and Christy opened her door.  Rey put the bottle of water on the bed and withdrew the vile of purple fluid from his backpack.  “When Frank handed me the syringe, he said, ‘I’d be a real trooper.’  What else could he mean?”  Rey said.
“Rey, it’s because he injected himself with it, and he thinks you should too,” Christy said.
“Maybe.”  Then he reached into another compartment and withdrew the syringe.  “All right,” he said.  “Should we put it in some water?”
“Probably,” Christy said.  She took a mug off her desk which read: “My Sisters an Alien.”  Brianna had gotten her it for her birthday last year.  Christy had said that she would keep it as a reminder.  “Let’s use this,” Rey said, holding up the Mountain Springs bottle.  He poured an inch of Mountain Springs into the mug.  He placed the mug on the corner of the Ouija Board, then handed Christy the vile.  He injected the purple fluid into the water, waiting to see if it would dissolve.  It did.  After thirty seconds passed, the purple fluid was no longer purple.  It looked like water alone.
“Weird,” Rey said.
Then he plunged the rest of the purple fluid back into the vile and placed the vile in his backpack.  Christy was holding Casey, watching him as if in a trance.  “Be careful,” she said.  “Don’t inject very much.”
They placed the gerbil on the Ouija Board and Rey wondered where to inject it.
“Inject it anywhere,” Christy said.  “Try here.”
Rey did so.  Casey perked up, eyes wide.  Rey pushed the plunger slowly.
“Jeez,” Christy said.  “That’s enough.  I mean its brain is the size of a pea.”
They watched Casey lift his head up and stare blank eyed as if frozen.  Then he started to move.  “Do you think it’s working?” Rey asked.
Christy put Casey in the center of the board.  “Ask a question,” she said.
“Casey, tell us the answers to the mystery at Pemota High,” Rey said.
Casey ran over to the M and hoped on it with his two front paws.  Then it ran over to the Y and hoped on it.  The gerbil continued to run and stamp his two front paws down on one letter after another.  Christy grabbed a notepad and pen off the nightstand.  She watched spellbound, writing carefully.  Several minutes passed.  It was four sentences long.  Christy looked down at the pad when the gerbil finally stood still.
“What's it say?”  Rey asked.
Christy read slowly.  “My names Spring.  Spring Stone.  It's great to meet you guys.  I've been watching everything you've done since the beginning of the school year.”  Christy looked up at Rey.
Rey smiled.
Casey began running and hoping again.  Rey got up and locked the door.  Christy wrote frantically as the gerbil ran from one end of the Ouija Board to another, prancing from one letter to another like it was dancing.  Again, several minutes passed.  Finally, Casey stopped, stood still.
Christy read from the pad.  “On Sunday, you'll hear about functionalism.  You guys probably don't know what that is.  No offense.  Most people don’t.  But what you need to know is the brain is a mysterious thing.  The Avocadonine you are holding in your hand is a neurotransmitter.  You’ve heard of serotonin and dopamine.  Or medications that find their way to the brain and effect neurotransmitters.  Well, the Avocadonine is just like that.  But it’s me.  I can perceive everything that happens.  It’s like I’m psychic.”
“How?”  Christy said.  Casey ran again, hopped, and spelled out a short sentence.  “I just sense it,” Christy read from the pad.
“Can you control us?”  Rey asked.  They stared at Casey waiting for a response but Casey was standing still.  Then Rey lifted up his hand and smacked himself in the face, hard.  “Ow.”
The gerbil was on the move again.  Christy wrote carefully, being sure not to misinterpret any of Casey's hops.  Then she read.  “That's for not telling Christy about Brianna.”
Christy laughed, but Rey did not.  Rey wanted to cut to the chase.  He asked it as if choosing his words carefully.  “What's an Avocadite?”
Christy read from the pad after Casey had spelled it.  “It's someone who forgets the garden.  They become bitter and eat lemons.”
“Who is gonna eat lemons?”  Rey asked.
Casey spelled and Christy read, “No one.  Yet.”  Christy and Rey looked at each other, eyebrows furrowed.  “Spring, we're confused,” Christy said.
Again, Casey ran and hopped.  Christy wrote.  What they could gleam at this point was that the avocadonine Frank Brule had given Rey was a chemical that effects the brain and is also Spring herself.  But that left a million unanswered questions.  “Well, this should help clear things up,” Christy read.  Someone knocked on the door to Christy's bedroom.  “Who is it?”  Christy asked.
The door knob shook.  “Christy, what's going on in there?”  Radelle asked.
“Mom, we're just doing the Ouija Board,” Christy said.
Radelle paused, apparently thinking.  “You got a letter today.  I forgot to tell you.”
Christy looked at Rey.  “Huhn.  Okay.  Slide it under the door.”
Radelle slid the letter under the door.  Rey stood up and snatched the letter up.  He looked at the return address.

Aba Brule
39 Dean Martin Dr.
Las Vegas, Nevada, 89103

“It's from Aba Brule,” Rey said, incredulously.
“It's okay this time, Christy,” Radelle said.  “But I don't want the door locked from now on.”
“All right, Mom.”  Christy looked at Rey and rolled her eyes.
Rey opened the letter.  He pulled out a newspaper clipping, and the letter itself.
“Read it,” Christy said.
The letter was written in long hand, clearly and carefully.

Dear Rey,
I hope this letter is a welcome surprise.  If Spring was right, you are staring at a gerbil on a Ouija Board right now.  I knew Spring when she was a student at Bartlett’s School for the Gifted.  That’s Alexa Bartlett, who owns the school and a pharmaceutical company.  Alexa is a billionaire and a warped mind and soul.  She is intent on warping the minds of the ninth graders.  And you will have to stop her.
It will probably be disappointing to you, but I am not psychic.  The gerbil on a Ouija Board is a check point on the journey you’re on.  If Spring is right, and if we win, you will see all three check points come to fruition.  The neurotransmitter in your hand is called L-95.  Or as Claudette Laurie and Alexa are calling it: Avocadonine.  Claudette Laurie started a rumor about a list of Avocadites.  It is our job to help the future Avocadites remember the garden.  I leave you with a quote from Rilka -- “Live your questions now, and perhaps someday without knowing it, you will live along into your answers.”  Good luck.

Your friend,
Aba Brule


“So much for 'there's a girl in the ninth grade that's seeing things and spreading some crazy rumors,'”  Christy said.
“Yeah,” Rey said, nodding.  “Not sure I like the sound of this.”
“Read the article.”
Rey pulled out a newspaper article, written in one column, with no indication as to where it came from.  The headline was “Track Star Doesn’t Go to State Championships.”


“Track Star Doesn’t Go to State Championships”
By Roger Adams
What most people have to say about the Spring Stone matter is, “It is a mystery.”
That's what Karen Bishops, wife of Phil Bishops, who is Stone's track coach, said of Spring Stone – a ninth grader that has dropped out of school to be tutored privately.  Friends describe Stone as having unkempt dirty blond hair, and by a friend of hers, Milos Steven’s, “one-of-a-kind blue eyes.”  Stone was one of the most respected students at Pemota High, being bred for the 1980 Olympic Games.  Phil Bishops said, “Spring could definitely win a gold medal someday at the Olympics.”
Stone was known as a great student and “one of the nicest people in the school,” according to several sources.  She received qualifying times for the State Championships prior to December.  However, Bishops said, Spring’s times were not actually as good as was originally thought.  When tested again for confirmation, she was found not to have qualified.  Shortly thereafter, Stone's parents took her out of school.  Stone's mother, Jocelyn Stone, had this to say:  “We're doing the best we can with what we know.  Spring is not feeling well about the recent turn of events and we are trying to make sure her talents don’t go to waste.  She's under the tutelage of a wonderful woman we met.”  A woman who is a friend of Spring’s family said she is tutoring Spring privately and that Spring is doing very well.  Spring contacted this reporter and refused an interview.  When Jocelyn was asked how Spring is doing, she said, “She's doing just fine.”
Friends of Stone's don't seem to be so sure.  Ashley Fink, one of Stone's best friends, said, “Spring thought that her track coach was conspiring against her and her running times were wrong.”  Milos Stevens said, “Spring was a nice girl but she ran into some trouble with her mind and I'm sure her parents are doing the best thing for her.”  Regarding miscalculated running times, the evidence seems to exist.  After all, last year Spring made the State Championships by a large margin.  The discrepancy was explained by Milos Stevens as this, “She was suffering from psychotic delusions.  Anyone's performance would reflect that.”
An alternate explanation seems to be percolating in the minds of Stone's friends.  Ashley Fink said, “Spring was the smartest girl I've ever met and anything she says, I believe.  I don't know what happened.  But whatever Spring says is the truth.  People aren't going to tell you what happened because they'd end up in as much trouble as Spring.  Spring hasn't done anything wrong.”  Nine students, all close friends of Stone's, have been raising a fund to hire a private investigator.  They said unanimously, that Stone was not crazy.  And they would not rest until they found out the truth.  Stone's english teacher, Andrew Murray, said he didn't have much comment regarding the situation with Stone, but “wished her the best.”
At the end of last year, when Stone was in eighth grade, a student newspaper called The Pemota Voice, did an article on her because she was practicing for the State Championships.  Stone was asked about her training practices, winning a medal, and her hopes for the future.  “Once a week I eat whatever I want,” Stone said.  “I like nacho's and sometimes ice cream.  The rest of the time it's oatmeal and salmon.  It's important to let yourself live a little.  Otherwise you'll be so depressed you won't be able to compete,” Stone said.  “Before my afternoon runs I feel a little tired.  So I usually walk for a while and try to let the cold air hit me.  That wakes me up.”
Phil Bishops, her track coach, told the Pemota Voice, that Stone could have gone to the State Championships with another set of tests but decided not to go to the Championships at the last minute.  “Spring had a feeling that she was going to be injured or that something was going to go wrong.  She decided that she just wanted to sit this one out.”  When asked what she hoped for in ninth grade, Stone said she had high hopes for a great year, and was looking forward to spending ninth grade with her best friends.
That has not happened.

Christy looked back down at the gerbil as Rey finished reading the article.  “So Spring,” Christy said.  “What did happen?”
Casey was on the move again, and Christy began writing.  Then Casey stopped and Christy read.  “That's what you guys have to figure out.  And since you drank Mountain Springs tonight, I'll be along for the ride.  On Sunday, you’re going to meet Inez Castel at four o'clock across from the home from the turret.  You may not understand everything Inez says.  That’s okay.  Don’t bother trying to get the truth from him.  The boy is a liar for hire.  Oh yeah, time to talk to Annette.”
Radelle called from downstairs.  “Christy, Annette is on the phone for you.”
Christy looked at Rey, enjoying this immensely.  “I’ll get the phone,” Christy said.  “You put Casey back.”
Rey took Casey and ran down the hallway with him.  Christy picked up the phone.
“Hey, Annette,” Christy said.
“Christy, girl.  Don’t rush to pick up the phone or anything.”
“Sorry.  Me and Rey were doing something.”
“Each other?”
“No,” Christy laughed.  “What’s up?”
“Is Rey with you now?”
“No.  But he told me about Brianna and Ms. Parker,” Christy said, trying to make Annette feel guilty.
It seemed Annette didn’t care.  “Oh, well, I have to tell you something before he comes back.  I’m on a mental health ward.”
Christy thought that she felt like she could use a break on a mental health ward herself.  “Did you try to kill yourself?”
“No.  I just needed a break.  My parents checked me in a couple hours ago.  But I need you to get my homework from my teachers.  Can you?”
“Sure.  I would be happy to.  What’s going on?”
“I’ll tell you at a later time.  It’s no big deal.”
“Well, me and Rey might be able to help.  We’ve been figuring out some things about what’s going on at Pemota High.  There’s some girl named Spring Stone who has something to do with everything.  Can we visit you?”
“Sure.  I guess.  Do you know where Holly Dawn Hospital is?”
“Yeah.”
“Let me give you my number.  They only have a payphone here.”  Annette did so.
They said, “good bye,” and Rey returned from Brianna’s room.  He sat on the bed and raised his eyebrows, waiting for Christy to say something.  She said, “Annette’s at a mental hospital.”
“Why?”
“She didn’t say.  But we can visit her sometime this week.  I have to get her homework.”
“I can get her assignments from Ms. Parker.”
“I don’t know what to tell her.”
“Well,” Rey said.  “Maybe Inez will have some answers.”
Christy breathed in deeply and blew her bangs off her forehead.  “God,” she said.  “I hope so.”

Chapter 13

The house with the turret was nowhere in sight.  Underneath Rey and Christy, the leaves were wet and thick making their shoes damp to the socks.  It was Sunday, and, just as Spring wanted, they were trying to look across from the house with the turret for Inez Castel.  It was already 4:15, and they were lost.  Above them, the sky was dark and cloudy.  It looked like it was going to rain.  Some snow still hung from the trees – most of it had melted off.  The day was hanging on the hope that Inez would bring with him good news -- a resolution perhaps, or if not that just some answers.  Inez, however, was nowhere to be seen.  And the house with the turret seemed to have disappeared.
Christy leaned against a tree, looking distraught.  “I guess both times we found it were luck.”
Rey put his hands on his knees.  “I don't think we went too far.  I think we went off course.”
“I don't know, Rey.  It seems like we should have come out by Pleasant St. by now.”
Rey stood up and pulled his cell-phone out of his pocket.  “I've got my phone so at least we can call search and rescue.”
Christy laughed.
Then to their shock and surprise, the cell-phone rang.  “What if it's my Mom?”  Rey asked.
“Don't tell her.”
He flipped open the phone.  “Hello?”
“Rey.  This is Inez Castel.  You guys are lost.  I'll tell you where to go.”
Rey looked up in the sky for a helicopter but saw none.  “All right,” he said warily.
“See the direction Christy's facing?  Walk in that direction until I tell you.”
Christy could hear what Inez was saying.  Rey looked at her.  She seemed like nothing would surprise her at this point.
“How do you know where we are?”  Rey said.
“Don't worry about that now.  You're getting close.”
“I see it!”  Christy said.
Seventy feet away, they could make out the house with the turret.  
“Once you reach the house with the turret,” Inez said, “stand in front and walk opposite the front door for a few minutes.  You'll find me.”  The line went dead.
They picked up their pace to a trot and the house with the turret neared.  Christy noticed the stained glass windows around the upper perimeter.  This time she noticed the depictions of avocados.  Only time would reveal what these mysteries were all about, and she was beginning to believe, for the first time, that they would actually solve the mysteries.
They walked opposite the red door in silence.  In the distance, they could see a clearing where the forest seemed to end.
“What's Inez like?”  Christy asked Rey.
“He's really serious.  He doesn't find stupid things funny.  But I haven't seen him since fifth grade, so I don't really know.”
“Do you think he was in fifth grade with us, just to meet us.”
Ahead of them, they could see the end of the forest.  Rey shook his head thoughtfully.  “I don't know.”
“I wonder if he's psychic,” Christy said.
The trees became thinner, and they saw a clearing in front of them.  It was an enormous field, with freshly cut green grass.  The sight was so grand and magnificent, so unexpected, that Rey felt a little light on his feet.  He looked at Christy.  She seemed nervous.  An acre and a half away they could see a boy their age sitting against a tree.  There were three trees – all lemon trees.  The trees were arranged side by side, orderly and no doubt deliberately.  The trees had thin trunks, no more than three or four inches in diameter.  The boy sitting against the middle tree was smoking a cigarette.  He turned and saw them, but didn't seem to react.  The base of the foliage on each tree was at least ten feet wide.  Rey could see the lemons on each tree.  They were definitely lemon trees.
As they got closer, they saw the boy was wearing a yellow leather jacket, black jeans, and low top converses.  The boy stood up and Rey and Christy picked up their pace until they came to a stand-still in front of him.  To Rey it felt like they had reached the end of a long journey.
Inez extended his hand, and put the cigarette back in his mouth.  “Inez Castel,” he said.
Rey shook his hand.  “I'm Rey.  This is Christy.”
“Hey Christy,” Inez said, shaking her hand.
“Hey Inez,” Christy said.  “Sorry we're late.”
“It's no problem.  You guys got here just in time.  Another half hour we'd be soaked.”  Inez took a drag off his cigarette.  “You guys probably have a lot of questions.  I know it’s not every day you get a phone call where the caller knows exactly where you are.”
“We're sort of used to being confused,” Rey said looking over at Christy and then back at Inez.  “How did you do that?”
Inez looked up at the sky for what seemed like a long time, not answering Rey’s question.  “You put a gerbil on a Ouija Board.  That was smart.  We all thought so.”  He took a drag off his cigarette.  “We're all involved in this because of Spring Stone.  And her relationship with a woman named Alexa Bartlett.”
“We’re supposed to ask you what functionalism is,” Christy said.
“Functionalism is a philosophy that asserts that all mental processes arise out of a functioning dependence on other processes.  There is 114 elements on the Periodic Table.  Now, there is 115.  Spring Stone or ‘the Avocadonine,’ is the newest element.  See these three trees behind me?”
Christy and Rey looked at the three lemon trees.
“They're what it's all about,” Inez said.
Rey noticed the lemons, some more oblong than others.
Inez continued.  “They're three different varieties of lemon tree.  The first is called the Sweet Tree.  Here,” he pointed behind him, “is the special variety.  It's actually called the Interdonato, an Italian variety.  But we're calling it the Special Tree.  And this is the Eureka Tree.  The varieties each have a meaning.”
“Eureka?”  Christy asked.
“’An expression of achievement,’” Inez explained.  “We’re calling it the Achievement Tree.”
“So who are you guys?”  Rey said.
Inez took a drag and narrowed his eyes.  “We're a little known pharmaceutical company called Preston.  It was founded by a woman named Alexa Bartlett.  She's also the head of the School for the Gifted.  She's running the show.  She's hired an organization of mercenaries.  They're clients have two problems.  Money and boredom.  Too much of both.  It's an understatement to say they'll do just about anything.  We had them graffiti Pemota High.  As for me, I'm a student at Bartlett's School for the Gifted.”
“So only some products have Avocadonine in them?”  Christy asked.
“Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs are manufactured by a company in South Pemota called Bartlett Foods.  They’re on Alexa’s payroll.  We want to help Spring, change how she feels, who she is, whether she’s happy, sad, bitter, etcetera, and therefore change the feelings and intellect of the ninth grade.  The first step to doing this is to make the students aware that the neurotransmitter in their brains exists.  That’s why we wrote Avocadonine on the school.  The tree in front of Pemota High, painted purple, is an iconic symbol -- one that will live forever as part of the legend, the genesis of a pharmaceutical company that changed the world.  Carl Jung talked about the tree of life that grows towards Heaven.  Each ninth grader will be like that Ponderosa Pine in front of Pemota High.”
“How?”  Christy asked.
Inez inhaled off his cigarette and breathed out.  “We're going to use the Avocadonine to create a medication that improves academic performance and social interaction.  Parents want a child who's sweet, special, and achievement oriented.  It'll be a global initiative -- a cure for children with attention deficit disorder, an answer for a child with failing marks no matter how hard they try.  We'll market it the same way they do anti-depressants.  Spring was bitter.  The bitterness is a side-effect we haven't figured out a way to combat yet.  But we're pretty sure we can alleviate it for the most part by adding an anti-depressant.  In five years, we'll be a billion dollar corporation.”
“There's lots of students at Pemota High who are sweet, special, and achievement oriented or whatever,” Rey said.
Inez narrowed his eyes again.  “So you think it's okay what Huxley did to Viola.”
“You want a ninth grade where no one does anything wrong?”  Christy asked.  “And all the ninth graders are going to be bitter?”
“It's time to talk about Alexa,” Inez said.  He threw his cigarette on the ground and put it out.  “But you might want to sit down.”  He walked ahead of them.  “Come on.  I got us some sandwiches.”
They followed Inez away from the three lemon trees towards the forest.  They walked in silence for a couple minutes, and then went into the house with the turret.  There, against the back wall, was the card table Rey had seen Viola Specks bent over.  On top, there now rested three deli-wrapped sandwiches and root beers.  Inez closed the door after the two of them entered.
“Ham and cheese for Rey,” Inez said.  “Turkey for Christy.”
“Sounds about right,” Christy said.  They took seats at the table and began opening the sandwiches.  “So who's Alexa?”
Rey took a bite of his ham and cheese wondering if anything Inez said was true.  Spring had said he was a “liar for hire.”
“Alexa was a Russian born peasant.  She worked as a maid during the early part of the Cold War for a man who was an agent of the KGB.  The KGB had discovered a substance called L-95.  It exhibited qualities of no other substance in the universe.  Alexa likes to say that curiosity killed the cat but the cat has nine lives.  She stole a year’s stash of the L-95 from her employer and emigrated to America.  Changed her last name to Bartlett.”
“Wow,” Christy said.
“So where do you fit in?”  Rey asked.
“Alexa recruits young advanced minds for her school.  That's how I met her.  She's an MD in psychology.  She has friends on the state testing boards.  She has connections among scholarship foundations.  My parents sent me to the school.  Alexa can be very persuasive.  It was her decision to have me infiltrate the fifth grade where I met Rey.”
“So Spring's dead?”  Christy asked.
Inez nodded.  “Alexa is holding onto a dream spanning several decades.  Alexa wants to create a new training ground for life, a rigorous method of shaping young minds to lead great productive lives.  Where people are happy and achieve.  With Spring, the three trees, the medication, we'll begin to see a new world, absent of violence and stupidity like the one we have now.”
Inez's cell-phone rang.  “Yeah?”
They heard a woman's voice.  She sounded cynical, and malicious.  “Inez, what in the hell do you think you're doing?”
“Telling them the truth, Alexa.  Most of it.  What's wrong?”
“Spring said something.  The little surpriser never fails to surprise.  She wants you to do EMDR on them.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know.  But tell Rey and Christy I think they are just darling little angels.  Get the photograph.  We need it.  We're bringing you some mats to sit on.”
“All right,” Inez said.  He hung up.
“I thought Spring was dead.”  Rey said.
“She is,” Inez said.  “Let's just say you’re not the only ones who have found a way to communicate.”
When the red door opened, Rey and Christy gave a little jump.  Two men in camouflage pants and jackets came in carrying yoga mats.  They placed the mats on the wood floor looking serious.  Then one gave Inez a quick sober nod.  “Inez,” he said formally.  The other guy said, “Hey Rey.”  They both gave two-fingered salutes, then walked out.
Inez said, “You guys know what EMDR is?”
Rey had heard it mentioned once.  His fourth grade teacher brought it up in passing when talking about rapid eye movement.  But Rey couldn't remember what he said.
Inez finished his root beer, then said, “EMDR stands for Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing.  Someone moves a finger in front of your eyes and you follow it.  It's based on rapid eye movement.  Then you say whatever comes to mind.  It's a technique used to resolve trauma.”
“I don't think we're traumatized,” Christy said.
“We're trying to get a reaction from the Avocadonine,” Inez said.
“I'll try it,” Rey said.  Rey situated himself on one of the yoga mats.
Inez's cell-phone rang again.  He slid it open.
They heard Alexa's voice on the other end.  “And do get the photograph before they tear down the Great Wall of China.”
Inez hung up and sighed.  “Let me see your cell-phone,” Inez said to Rey.
“You want the photograph of Viola?  Why?”
“I don't know.”
Rey looked into Inez's eyes and decided he was telling the truth.  He may not have known.  But Rey was certain he had a guess.  Rey reluctantly handed his cell-phone to Inez.  Inez took a few moments sending the photograph to his own phone and then handed the phone back to Rey.
“Follow my finger and keep your mind blank,” Inez said.  Inez began moving his finger in front of Rey's face like he was assessing the possible guilt of a drunk driver.  Rey followed.  He did this for approximately fifteen seconds then said, “Do you see anything?”
Rey shook his head while simultaneously his eyes began to widen.  He did see something.
“What did you see?”  Inez asked.
“I saw a big field of avocado trees.  All the avocados had gone bad.  And I saw letters that said, ‘This is why.’  And I heard a voice say, ‘Every year.’”
“Let's try again.”  Again, Inez moved his finger back and forth in front of Rey's face while Rey followed along.  Another fifteen seconds passed.  Inez looked at Rey searchingly.  “What do you see?”
Rey closed his eyes briefly, then they began to widen.  “I saw a gerbil on a Ouija Board and a sign that said, ‘This is the psychic ability.’  And I heard a voice say, ‘December 3rd.’”
“One more time,” Inez said.  He moved his finger back in forth in front of Rey’s face.  Then he asked him what he saw.
“I saw the house with the turret and letters that said, ‘This is the tomb.’  And I heard a voice say, ‘soon enough.’”
“All right,” Inez said.  “That's enough for today.”
“What does it mean?”  Christy asked.
Inez flipped open his cell-phone, double-checking to see he had a copy of the photograph.  He cleared his throat.  “I don't know.”
“Are you telling the truth?”  Christy asked.
“Yes,” Inez said.  “I really don't know.  Let’s all hope for the best.  It's all we can do.  You can call me if you want.  I'll be interested to see what happens with Mr. Chandon.”
“Are you psychic?”  Christy asked.
Inez nodded.  “Yes.”
“Are you on L-95?”  Christy asked.
“No.”  Inez pulled a couple business cards out of his wallet.  They had his name on them and a phone number.  “Be in touch,” he said.  “I'll be watching.”

Chapter 14

Inez walked away, lighting a new cigarette, and heading towards the field with the three lemon trees.  Rey took his cell-phone out of his pocket and checked the time readying himself to call Isabel.  Christy wondered where Inez was going and turned to Rey to see if he was thinking the same thing.  Moments later, a Bell Jetranger helicopter, blue and white, descended, roaring loudly beyond the trees.  Branches flailed wildly.  Leaves and pine needles flew off the trees.  Rey’s heart beat fast.  Alexa Bartlett employed a mercenary organization, owned a pharmaceutical company, a school, and even a helicopter.  Christy and he needed help.
On Friday, Isabel had drove Rey home after Christy’s.  She had asked him if he had fun and he had nodded disinterested.  Now, he sat in the car covered in pine needles thinking about the night after he had run through the woods from Huxley, Der, and Joe and didn’t tell Isabel about it.  Things were even more tense now.  But reaching out to Isabel wasn’t only the right thing to do, the ninth grade was in over its head, and maybe for the birth certificate that said Adele Naresh on it, Isabel had an understandable explanation.  As they pulled into their garage at Lighthouse Point, Rey decided he’d make an effort.
As he took off his wet socks, Isabel closed the apartment door.  “So it’s been a few days,” Rey said.
Isabel put her jacket on a hook, a hard look in her eyes.
“When we were driving to Christy’s you said you’d show me the letter in a few days.”
“I heard you.”  She took off her shoes and turned to see Rey with questions in his eyes.  She sighed.  “I’ll tell you what you want to know.  But you have to open up to me to.  It’s a two person problem.”
Rey walked over to the dining table and sat down.  He decided he’d tell Isabel everything.  Isabel walked into the kitchen and emerged with a toaster.  She put it on the dining table and plugged it in.
“You should feel free to fill in details as I go.  When you were in fifth grade, two men came to see me.  They sat here when you were at school and I offered them something to drink.”
“What did they say?”
“Well, their ID’s said they were police officers.  So I listened.”  Isabel pushed the lever on the toaster down.  “A powerful woman was conducting an experiment on the ninth grade at Pemota High.  That’s what they told me.”
Rey nodded.  “Her name is Alexa Bartlett.”
“You’ve met this woman?”
Rey shook his head.  “Well, sort of.  I heard her on the other end of a phone call.”
“They said it had to do with brain functioning and a girl they believe was psychic in 1975.”
“The girl’s name is Spring Stone.”
“I worried about you academic and social life.  That’s why I’ve been asking about drugs, and grades, and whatever else I could think of.  I told myself I’d keep silent until the end of the school year if everything seemed to be going fine.”
Rey took a deep breath and asked the question.  “What about the birth certificate?”
“They gave me the birth certificate.  They didn’t tell me why.  They said to keep it until they contacted me.  It convinced me of their importance.  But there is no one named Adele Naresh.  I am your mother.”
“That’s what Aba told me.  Pretty much.”
“So you want to tell me what you know?”
Rey didn’t know where to start.  He told Isabel everything he could.  Aba and Frank Brule.  Inez Castel.  Brianna Lane.  He skipped some details such as the house with the turret.  Or Huxley, Der, and Joe tattooing Viola Specks.  Isabel listened attentively.
“You want to tell me why you’re covered in pine needles?”
“We met Inez in the woods.  There’s a big clearing with three lemon trees.”  Then he told her what he could about the medication, the plans to change what the chemical meant to the brain.
“So Aba wasn’t psychic?”
“No.  It’s all about this girl named Spring Stone and the Avocadites.  According to Spring an Avocadite is someone who is bitter because they forget the garden.”
“And you think this chemical is capable of doing that?”
“I don’t know what garden she means.  But it seems that way, yeah.”  Rey lifted his shoulders and let them drop.  Telling Isabel everything felt like a relief.
Isabel put her hand beside the toaster oven.  There was a sound between her and the toaster like a fan.  Then something extraordinary happened.  The sound began to fade away like a volume dial being turned down.  After five seconds, there was no sound.
She turned to him, smiling slightly.  “And I feel better.”
“Maybe that means Spring feels better.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know yet.  You said there was a letter right?”
She stood up abruptly and went upstairs, returning with a leather box a little bigger than a box of checks.  She took a key chain out of her pocket, shuffled through the keys, until she came to one smaller than the others.  “I told them I wouldn’t open it until the end of the year.  Here’s to breaking free.”  She put the key in the lock and turned.  Then she withdrew a jewelry box and a letter in an envelope.
Rey snatched the jewelry box up.  It was velvet blue with a gold seam.  He opened it to reveal a blue stone that had needle like rays on top that followed the underlying crystal structure.  “What do you think this is worth?”  Rey asked.
“Not sure I want to know to be honest,” Isabel responded.  “Shall we read the letter?”
“Go for it,” Rey said.
Isabel withdrew the letter.  It was typed in blue ink on professional stationary.  There was no return address.

Dear Rey and Isabel,
My name is Alexa Bartlett.  I am a Russian entrepreneur and humanitarian.  Over the past forty-five years I have perfected and set in motion events to bring about a new face on humanity – a humanity where intelligence, high-minded values, talent, individualism, and goal seeking become common-place and expected.  My pharmaceutical company is called Preston.  Our mission is to instill these characteristics in people all over the globe beginning in ninth grade.
For decades, I have observed ninth graders in classrooms, social interactions, and intellectual pursuits.  Albert Einstein told us that, “The most important question facing humanity is, ‘Is the Universe a friendly place?’”  The problem is that most people decide sometime around ninth grade that it is not.  
This brings us to Spring Stone, the most extraordinary ninth grader I have had the privilege of meeting.  Spring was a student of mine in 1975.  She died that year.  Because of her we’ve discovered a way to manufacture a neurotransmitter that is now in the minds of the ninth grade at Pemota High.  My fondest memory of Spring was giving me an avocado every day before class.  I will always cherish the days, when I received an avocado from Spring.
If you’re reading this it means Isabel has taken matters into her own hands.  The stone is called a Star Sapphire.  It is worth a little over a million dollars.  Follow my instructions and it is all yours.  I had your teacher assign you to bring in your birth certificate for show and tell in sixth grade.  If my deductions are correct that means you are now an Avocadite.  Therefore, you are a candidate to put in a small amount of effort for possession of the million dollar Star Sapphire.  You will have to spend a period of time remaining bitter.
There is a home in the woods near Pemota High based on a drawing Spring did.  I built it to serve as a domicile for you.  You will need to eat lemons from the three lemon trees while the medication goes global.  The medication will influence the lives of ninth graders everywhere.  If no one is bitter the neurotransmitter will cease to function.  You will be the established Avocadite as we change the emotions of the ninth graders.  After that, the Star Sapphire is all yours.  Einstein said, “Only a life lived for others is worth living.”  Your life will be of the utmost importance to us all.


Sincerely,


Alexa Bartlett

Rey raised his eyebrows.  “A million dollars.”
“You can spend it on therapy,” Isabel said, as she put the letter back.
Rey inspected the Star Sapphire.  “Have a lot left over.”
Isabel stared at him, deep in thought.  “You know, when you were two, three years old I had back pain from pregnancy.  I thought it was going to be chronic.  Your father knew it would happen.  When I was in my twelfth week he wanted me to have an abortion.  But I spent the early part of your life with feelings of anger towards you.  And as you grew up, the back pain started to go away.  And I realized that I cared about making it up to you.  So I did real work.  Because I care.”  She popped the toaster lever up.  “It goes against every principle I’ve ever owned to go along with Alexa’s proposition.”
Rey nodded.  He handed the Star Sapphire back to Isabel.  “Okay.”  He paused, unsure of what to say.  “I have a lot of homework.”
He walked towards the basement door.
“Rey,” she said.
He turned.
“I’m glad we talked.”
“Me too,” Rey said.
Homework awaited.  He opened his backpack and withdrew Of Mice and Men which he had to finish reading for english.  It had been a simple story.  He read quickly.  Before long, he was done with the book.  It told the story of George and Lennie – two friends, the latter of which was mentally handicapped.  Rey found himself thinking if it weren’t for Lennie, George’s life might be easier.  But George and Lennie cared for one another.  Lennie’s little intelligence wasn’t a malady.  The characters who use Lennie for their own cruel purposes were.  Rey had to write a short response on the book.  The words flowed out of him easily as he had so much to say.  Then he set to work on his math assignment.
During the next few days, a mood seemed to have descended upon the students at Pemota High that Rey thought reminiscent of the beginning of the school year.  It was as if summer had ended yet again.  At lunch, no one screamed “penis”, and people seemed to be listening to the surrounding tables.  On the bus, Ryan O’toole and Mike Elsetta seemed to have become moderate to the point where Ryan no longer had wide eyes, and Mike could no longer be called “Megaphone” Elsetta.  Rey spent some time thinking about Annette, wondering what her life was like on the mental health ward and, of course, he wondered if it could all be blamed on the Avocadonine.
On Tuesday, Holly North brought caviar to lunch and shared all three tins of it with her laughing friends.  Benson Tools was closing down, and the David Benson whom everyone knew lived on a farm came to school wearing flashy clothing, telling people his father was getting into stocks.  Fordel, who always wore a shirt and tie, by his parent’s request, began to wear an expensive Adirondack jacket.  Rey thought if he had been offered a million dollars, he could only guess what other students had been offered.
On Thursday, Mike Elsetta was at an all-day Hockey tournament.  Fordel was on the bus though because he’d quit the team.  Rey boarded the bus, realized he’d not be sitting with Mike, and Ryan looked up at him.
“Hey Rey,” Ryan said.  “You want to sit with me?”
“Sure,” Rey said.
Ryan was drawing figures and he put his backpack by his feet.
“What are you drawing?” Rey asked.
“Comic book characters,” Ryan said.  He opened his Trapper Keeper and pulled out a stack of drawings.  The first one showed a woman with red hair and wearing a black suit.  “This is Bat Woman,” Ryan said.
“Bat Woman?”  Rey asked.
“Yeah.  Most people haven’t heard of her.”  Ryan slid the drawing aside.  The second one showed a man with a big gun in both hands.  “This is Lucas Bishop,” Ryan said.  “He’s a mutant cop from the future.”
The next drawing was of a woman dressed in purple with patches of skin showing.  Something on her head was glowing.  “This is Star Sapphire.”
Rey tried to conceal his surprise.  “What’s she like?”
“She’s one of the super villains in DC comics.  She shows up in a lot of comic books.  Her weapon has a charge that lasts one day.”
Rey had a guess that Alexa was aware of the comic book character; one of the super villains in DC comics.  Rey turned back to Ryan, wondering if he’d been offered money as well.  “How much do you know, Ryan?”
Ryan began putting his Trapper Keeper back in his backpack as the school was approaching.  “Viola says that people are accepting money from a woman.  They don’t know what her name is.  She says she’s going to do something today and if they follow her they’ll no longer be Avocadites.”
“Did you get any money?”
“She didn’t talk to me yet.  But I’ve figured out some things.  I’ve been to the library afterschool every day.”
“What kind of stuff have you been figuring out?”
“I think that the electronics respond because the Avocadonine has an electromagnetic charge.  The brain creates one, and the Avocadonine is something totally new.  Totally different than any neurotransmitters before.”
The school was approaching.  A look crossed Ryan’s face, a look of fear and curiosity.  There, surrounding the school, right up against it, was a chain-link fence.  Only it was dark metal and the gaps in between the metal were smaller than a normal chain-link fence.  Then it jutted forward towards the school like a backstop on a baseball field.
Ryan turned to Rey, and then back to the school.  He spoke transfixed.  “The electromagnetic waves that compose electromagnetic radiation create an electric and magnetic field,” he said, turning back to Rey.  “The reason the electromagnetic radiation of the Avocadonine is so high is that it’s an evolutionary adaptation.  A chemical unique in all the Universe.  And they’re changing it.  So it’s like one big melting pot.”
“A melting-pot?”  Rey asked.
“It’s when a group of people, the students in the ninth grade, melt together into a harmonious whole.”  Ryan looked back out the window.  “She sure means business.”  The bus came to a stop.  Ryan grabbed his backpack and stood up.
“How is the administration letting her get away with this?”  Rey said.
“Do you know who she is?”
Rey nodded.  “Her name is Alexa Bartlett.  If you want you can find me at lunch and I’ll tell you about it.”
Ryan nodded, wide-eyed.  “Okay.”
They got off the bus and Rey looked around.  The other students stared ahead as they walked into school.  Rey turned behind him and saw Fordel who was wearing his Adirondack jacket say to Rey, as he walked past him, “At lunch you should come sit with me.  For fun and money and stuff.”  Fordel picked up his pace to a slow run and left Rey there.
Rey walked into school feeling nervous.  He needed to go to his locker and get Of Mice and Men for english class.  He opened his locker and saw a folded up piece of paper on top of his books.  He picked it up and unfolded it.  It was the Nadine’s Puppies Newsletter.  At the top of the page were the words Nadine’s Puppies and there were graphics of puppies on either side.  The first thing that caught his attention was the photograph.  It was the picture Rey had taken of Viola bent over with Huxley’s tattoo gun having just given her the dog’s paw tattoo on her butt.  But the picture had been cropped, so Huxley was not included in it.  Rey had some time before homeroom so he stood there and read the article.
 
“A Medication That Changes the World Starts With Us”
 
This article was given to us by Inez Castel who we met in downtown Pemota.  As we reported two weeks ago, there is a conspiracy at Pemota High.  This is what it’s all about.
Minister Edward Muncie, of the Roman Catholic Church in Pemota, California, is communicating with the Vatican.  The Pope has foretold that the events this year at Pemota High will change the world.
According to Muncie, “Whoever has the tattoo of a dog’s paw will bring iniquity to Pemota.”  
Ninth grader, Huxley Core, has reportedly eavesdropped on the secret meetings of churchmen within the church, and can confirm that they are taking the premonition very seriously.
This photograph was obtained by Inez Castel and was taken by ninth grader, Rey Naresh.  The photograph shows Viola Specks, a ninth grader, with a tattoo of a dog’s paw on her buttocks.  It was taken in a desolate home in the woods by Pemota High.  
“Viola Specks asked us to have sex with her,” Der Kath said.  “When we said ‘no’ she 
asked us to hurt her physically.  She’s asked a lot people to hurt her physically.”
According to Warren Schmidt, a bartender at The Pub, Viola Specks asked her father to beat her.  And upon hearing the news of the evil dog paw rumor, she requested Huxley, Der, and Joe tattoo that image on her.  
“Viola Specks was at church and I listened to a conversation she had with her father,” Huxley said.  “She came out of the men’s bathroom crying after asking her father to hurt her.”  
Minister Muncie said, “Viola Specks suffers from sexual confusion, and self-loathing.  That’s why she started a rumor about her father beating her.”  
Holly North, a ninth grader, has been quoted as saying, “Viola just wants people to feel sorry for her.”
If you are reading this article that means the process has already begun.  You are beginning to understand how much better a world is in which ninth graders strive to be particular archetypes.  No doubt, you will be visiting the house with the turret in the woods where the picture was taken.  Across from the home there are three lemon trees.  Each student is to pick one lemon from the trees.  Then you are to squeeze it into a glass of water when you get home and drink it.  It’s a symbol of your desire to become the archetypes the trees represent – the Special Tree, the Sweet Tree, and the Achievement Tree.  In other words, each tree represents an archetype, a type of person, you should strive to be.

Special Child:  The Special Child excels at subjects or talents to such a degree as to garner disbelief by peers and educators. 

Sweet Child:  The Sweet Child is defined by spending time with and reaching out to classmates who are in a lower social standing.

Achievement Child:  The Achievement Child maintains a high level of accomplishment through mere effort and intellectual ability.

By seeking these archetypes over the next several months you will begin to change your brain chemistry.  And as you will discover, much to your benefit, you will begin to become Sweet, Special, and Achievement Oriented.  Higher IQ test scores, more friends, and a happier disposition will be only the beginning.  With your help, we will change the entire world.  Good luck!

Rey crumpled up the article, realizing the gesture was insufficient for the amount of anger he felt towards Alexa.  He threw it in his locker.  He grabbed Of Mice and Men, looked at the title for a few seconds, thinking about the vast complexities of the human brain, and the cookie cutter plan Alexa was hatching.  He turned to see Christy coming in the double doors.  She was wearing green corduroys and a lumpy greyish brown sweater.  Her hair was in a ponytail.  Rey thought for a moment about how pretty she looked.  He turned in the opposite direction and saw Holly North reading the article.  “I didn’t say that!” she exclaimed, then looked around as if the entire ninth grade could hear her.
Then Rey saw Jenine Godfrey, whom he’d still yet to have a conversation with, ever since he saw her with Christy and Annette at the park months ago.  She walked towards Christy quickly.  “Christy, why didn’t you tell me?”  Rey knew that Christy and Jenine were good friends, but Christy told him she never told Jenine anything.
“Tell you what?”  Christy said.
“Your father is designing the new health club.”
Christy looked relieved.  “Yeah, he’s going to do a really good job.”
“”Did you hear about Annette?”  Jenine asked.
“Yeah,” Christy said.
“She’s in Spain!  Her parents just decided to take her there.”
“That’s just a made up story.”  Christy stopped at Rey’s locker.  “She’s on a mental health ward.  Rey and I are going to go visit her tomorrow.”
“What’s wrong with her?”
“Call me tonight and we’ll talk about it.”
“Okay.  Hey Rey.”
“Hey,” Rey said.
Christy turned her attention to Rey.  “What’s new?”
“Alexa is paying people.  But I don’t think it’s students.  I think it’s parents.”
“Why don’t you think it’s students?”
Rey zipped up his backpack and slammed his locker shut.  “No one seems concerned.  They just have money.”
“We’re gonna be late for homeroom.  Let’s talk at lunch.”
 “You probably should look in your locker.  And tell as many people as you can that it’s not true.”
“That what’s not true?”
Rey broke into a sprint for homeroom.  “Look in your locker and you’ll see,” he called.
The bell rang, just as Rey turned into homeroom.  Miss Calida was shuffling papers and seemed oblivious to the many students reading the newsletter.  She was oblivious as well to the people staring at Rey.  Rey took a seat near the door.
“Der Kath is not as dumb as I thought,” Sam Patton said.  “Like the best hoax ever.”
Eliza Martel looked around, and announced, “Der didn’t write it.”
“It’s some kind of chemical in us,” David Benson said.
Miss Calida had stopped shuffling papers.  Rey watched realization dawn inside her.  Then she began to look worried, and opened her mouth to say something.  But before she could, the loudspeaker commanded everyone’s attention.
“You probably noticed the new fence surrounding Pemota High today,” Claudette Laurie said.  Miss Calida took a seat and stared at the loudspeaker.  Claudette Laurie sounded like she was reading.  “Because of the recent wave of vandalism -- in the bathrooms, and at the beginning of school year -- the government has increased our annual funding on the condition that we try a new technology that recognizes paint fumes and emits an electric shock to vandals who are spray painting the outside of the school.  Anyone who wishes to vandalize our school will be shocked electrically.  Thankyou.”
A smattering of laughter erupted in Rey’s homeroom.  Miss Calida raised her eyebrows and responded, “I guess that’s one way to go about it.”
Miss Shumana’s voice came from the loudspeaker and gave the afternoon sports schedule.
David Benson was sitting behind Rey.  He leaned forward and whispered, “Rey.  Where is the home where you took the picture?”
“It’s in the woods by Pemota High.  We found it just by luck.  The article isn’t true.  Minister Muncie made up the rumor.”
“Why?”
“Because he hates Huxley.”
The bell rang and it was three periods until lunch when Rey would meet up with Christy.  In health, Ms. Parker came into class, her jaw set, and the hard look back on her face.  As she went through the names for attendance, it seemed clear she was back to her old self.  Once again, Ms. Parker had nothing to say about the conspiracy at Pemota High.  When lunch arrived, Rey hustled to the lunch room to see Ryan.  Sure enough, Ryan was sitting at his standard table.
As soon as Rey sat down there was something he wanted to know.  “So Ryan, have you ever given your dog, Simon, Mountain Springs to drink?”
Ryan shook his head.  “No.”
“How long have you had him for?”  Rey pulled out a sandwich and took a bite.
“I got him at the beginning of the school year.”  His eyes smiled.  “You think my dog is an Avocadite?”
“You said that when the dog came in contact with electronics there was a humming sound.”
“Do you know what causes it?”
“It’s Mountain Springs or Hochus Mochus.”
“It’s Bartlett Foods right?  Guess what.  They also make doggy treats.”
Rey smiled.  “No way.”
“This woman is pretty crazy, huh?”  He looked down at his sandwich.  “Viola says the article isn’t true.”
“And Minister Muncie made up the rumor.  Tell Viola to tell as many people as she can that the article isn’t true.”
“I’ll go tell her now,” he said as he hopped up.
Rey surveyed the cafeteria.  Fordel was sitting at a table of six people which was a surprise.  He was wearing his Adirondack jacket, even though it was warm inside.  “I tell it like this.  My party is gonna have a bitch for every guy there,” Fordel said.
“What’s with Fordel?” Christy said, as she sat next to Rey.
“He’s paying people to be his friend,” Rey said.
Christy laughed.  “There’s something I just realized.”
“What?”
“There’s Mountain Springs and Hochus Mochus on the lunch line.  They’re on the vegetarian side.  I never noticed it before.”
“You think she’s buying the entire school?  The administration and everything?”
“The lunch ladies say the school board wants better, healthier options, for the kids to eat.  I guess Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs fit the bill.  It’s not much of a crime.”  Christy turned around.  “Here comes Huxley.”
Rey turned and saw Huxley entering the cafeteria.  Huxley kicked a chair free opposite them and sat down.  His arms stretched across the table.  He was wearing a confident smile.  “So we met Inez Castel in downtown Pemota.  You guys have any idea who you’re dealing with?  Alexa is one of the richest women on Earth.”
“What do you want Huxley?”  Christy asked.
“You guys know about the mercenaries?”  Huxley asked.
Christy picked up a tangerine slice and popped it in her mouth, looking pensive.  “Yeah.”
“Do you know they’re on the police force?  They have more power than anyone in this town.  Even the school’s administration.”
“The mercenaries are police?”  Christy asked.
“They were mercenaries originally.  Now, they’re on the police force.  My Dad didn’t even know about it.  The Pemota Police Station is an outpost with over ten of them.  They call themselves “Relatively Righteous.”  So cool, right?  And they’re on our side.”
“So what do you want?”  Rey said.
“We want the tape back.”
“You’re not getting it back,” Rey said.
Huxley’s cell-phone rang.  He pulled it out of his front jeans pocket and flipped it open.  “Yeah.”  He paused for a few seconds.  “Yeah.  They’re right here.”  Huxley passed the 
phone to Rey.
Rey put the phone to his ear.  “Rey.  This is Hunter Bordare.  I met you at the house with the turret on Sunday.  Do you remember me?”
Rey nodded, feeling his Adam’s apple bob.  “Yeah.”
“We’re running the show and the stage is full.  So if you don’t mind, we’d appreciate it if you let us finish what we’ve started.”
Rey felt his face get hot.  “We can’t do that.”
“Well then we’ve got a problem.  And we don’t think about our problems.  We get rid of them.  So I’m going to ask you again.  Will you back off?”
Rey lied.  “All right.”
“Give the tape back to Huxley and we’ll say, all’s well that ends well.”
“Okay.”
“Thanks.”
Rey handed the cell-phone back to Huxley.  He had no intention of backing off, but had decided lying was in his best interests.  Without saying anything to Christy, he reached into his backpack and withdrew the tape.  He handed it to Huxley, embarrassed by his hand shaking.
“It’s not right, Huxley,” Christy said.  “The entire world is going to be zombies who have special talents and abilities.”
Huxley fiddled with the tape.  “If they do what Alexa wants the bitterness will go away.”
“But the Avocadonine doesn’t.  They won’t be themselves.  None of the ninth graders will be.  Everyone will be messed up.”
Huxley put the tape in his pocket.  “We’re gonna be millionaires.  And you guys are going to college being the only people behind the curve.  The entire world is going to get on board.”  He stood up and walked out, his shoulders further back than usual.
Christy watched him exit the cafeteria and then she slammed her hand down on the table.
“We’re gonna stop them,” Rey said.
“How?  We’re just kids.”
“The answer is Spring.  We have to do what she wants. We have to figure out what happened to her.”
Christy nodded.  “Okay.”
“I’m going to talk to Mr. Chandon after school.”
After lunch, Rey went to his locker to get his Spanish book.  When he opened the locker door he didn’t expect someone to have put something in his locker again.  There was a small folded note on top of his books.  It was written in italicized writing.

Lemon Juice and Purple Dye

-  Greg Chandon

Chapter 15

Rey slammed his locker shut and began to put the note in his backpack but stopped.  Jason Masago was approaching.  Rey readied himself to be pushed into a locker as Jason looked down at the note in Rey’s hand.  Jason was an enemy of Rey’s for the simple reason that he was friends with Huxley.  But he also had a too cool, too arrogant attitude that Rey had never liked.  Rey tried not to show his nerves which were jumping in his belly telling him to take a run.  But Jason surprised Rey.  He leaned against the locker next to him and looked around.
“Keep it to yourself, but I wanted to let you know.  Huxley is leading people to the house with the turret and the three lemon trees after school.”
Rey swallowed, but said nothing.
“Peter Laft says that everyone knows even if they add an anti-depressant they won’t get rid of the bitterness.  Peter and I are on your side.  Everyone just wants the money.  So what are you going to do?”
Rey put the note in his pocket.  He opened his mouth to speak but Jason continued.
“You know what a ‘yo yo’ is?”
Rey shook his head.
“It’s someone who has a condition marked by fluctuations from one extreme to another.  Huxley says Inez told him that’s what Alexa calls us.”  He put his hand out for a handshake.  Rey slapped his palm and they pulled on each other’s fingertips.  “Good luck, all right?”
Rey mumbled to himself, “Great.  Now we’re friends.”  He wondered if Jason heard him and then the loudspeaker above his head began cackling.  For the first time, he thought of the seniors on the second floor listening.  They had all heard Der’s announcement about the Avocadites, and Claudette Laurie’s about the fence.  He thought of Tristan and Roach.
“Will Rey Naresh and Christy Lane please report to the main office?”  Miss Shumana said.  Saying it over the loudspeaker, instead of finding them in their classes, was unnecessary Rey thought.  Rey searched his mind for a game plan, a way of handling Miss Shumana, but none came to mind.  Nor could he guess what she was going to say.   He let out a shaking sigh, and made his way upstairs.
A few minutes later, Christy walked towards him as he stood in front of the office doors.  “I wonder what this could be about,” she said wryly.  She began to put her hair into a pony-tail.  
Rey opened the door for her.
“We’re here to see Miss Shumana,” Christy said to one of the secretaries.
“Is she expecting you?”
“We’re Rey Naresh and Christy Lane,” Christy said.
“You can go on in,” the secretary said.
Miss Shumana was staring straight ahead at the two chairs across from her desk.  As they walked in her stone-faced expression didn’t budge.  Then Miss Shumana came to life.  “I have to say I’m sorry to be seeing the two of you again.”  She got up and closed the door, then sat down again.  She pulled the Nadine’s Puppies Newsletter from her desk drawer and held it up for them to see.  “Have you seen this newsletter before?”
Christy and Rey both exchanged a glance, leaving Miss Shumana to raise her eyebrows.  “Yes,” Christy said.
Miss Shumana put the newsletter on her desk.  “How much of this article is true?”
 “Minister Muncie made up the rumor,” Rey said, thinking it best to show some good faith.  “He did it because Huxley is messed up.  Viola told me she did ask Huxley, Der, and Joe to beat her.  But I don’t think it’s true.”
“But they didn’t beat her,” Miss Shumana led.  “Or her father did?”
Rey was about to speak but Christy said, “We don’t know.”
A glimmer of a smile on Miss Shumana lips meant they’d just planted their tombstone.  “We know that you distributed this newsletter to the ninth grade.  It constitutes a serious offense seeing that it is pornography.”
“We didn’t distribute it,” Rey said.
“We know you distributed it.”
“They’ve been distributing it for over a year,” Christy said.  “Why would we be the ones who are distributing this one issue?”
“Huxley told us he didn’t distribute it.”
“That doesn’t mean we did.”
Rey thought anyone with common sense could tell Christy was telling the truth.  Miss Shumana must have had another agenda.
“Then who did?”  She asked.
The answer was that they didn’t know.  But it could have been Alexa, or an organization with members on the police force.  None of those answers seemed acceptable.  Christy and Rey exchanged a look of resignation.
“Did you take this picture?”
Rey looked away angrily.
“This could be admissible in court.  I advise you to be honest.  Did you take this picture?”
“Yes.”
“You’re both suspended.”
“Are you kidding?”  Christy asked.
“No.”  Miss Shumana began massaging her neck and jawbone.  “You can get your assignments from your teachers tomorrow.  Then if you are seen on school property any time next week you’ll be expelled.  I don’t want to hear from anyone about you discussing this Avocadonine, Avocadites, nonsense with anyone.”  She picked up a pen and began hitting it against the table.  “And we will be launching an investigation into the possibility that you graffitied Pemota High.  I’ve contacted both your parents.  They will be picking you up from school today.”
Christy forced tears back.  “You can’t be serious.”
Miss Shumana pointed to the door, marking the second time she made this gesture.  Rey guessed it was her favorite for the rule-breakers that she dealt with regularly.  Christy and he stood up and the door closed itself behind them.
Christy looked in the window to see Miss Shumana’s smile.  Christy screamed, “We know that you know!”
Miss Shumana put on some reading glasses, and mumbled, “Should look great on a college application.”
“Let’s go,” Rey said.
As soon as they stepped out of the office they heard someone yell, “There’s Rey Naresh.”  Rey thought right then that any news was good news.  He turned to see Tristan and Roach trotting towards Christy and him.  “What happened in there?”  Tristan asked.
“We’re suspended,” Rey said.
“You’re suspended,” Tristan said in disbelief.  “All right, listen.  We heard the announcement this morning about the fence.  So someone went outside and tried it.  They didn’t get zapped.  The fence doesn’t do what Laurie said.”
“Have you seen the newsletter?”  Christy asked.
“Yeah.  Roach says he thinks the fence is a Faraday cage.”
“What’s a Faraday cage?”  Christy asked.
“It houses electromagnetic energy.  Same principle as a microwave,” Roach said.  “We know about the Avocadonine.  What do you guys think is going on?”
“Huxley is leading people to a home in the woods afterschool,” Rey said.  “There’s three lemon trees across from it and they’re gonna take the lemons.  Anything you can do to stop them would be good.”
“There’s three lemon trees?  I say we cut them down and take the lemons.  Is H period last period?”  Tristan asked.
Rey nodded.  “Yeah.”
“We both have study hall.  We’ll take a chain saw to the trees.  Will that help?”
“I think the lemons are just like a symbol of what Alexa wants the ninth grade to do,” Christy said.  “But it can’t hurt.”
“It’s a good idea,” Rey said.
“I want to give you my phone number,” Tristan said.  “Remember we owe you.  All right?  If it’s really as big a deal as we think, we want to do whatever we can.”
“Cut the trees down, take the lemons,” Rey said.  “And we’ll go from there.”
Tristan pulled a folded up piece of paper from his pocket and Rey opened it revealing a phone number.  He put it in his pocket along with the note from Mr. Chandon.
“Where’s the home and the lemon trees?”
As they had walked back to school from the house with the turret after meeting Inez they had cautiously traced their steps and thought they could find it easily upon returning.  They explained to Tristan how to get there as best they could.
Next, it was Spanish class with Viola, and Rey planned on making their cause clear and arming her for whatever the rebellion required.  There was only twenty-five minutes left in class.  Ms. Carmen was going over some sentence construction for ordering a meal in Spanish.  He wondered what Miss Shumana had said to Isabel, and more importantly, whether or not Isabel was on his side.  When the class neared deafening boredom, Rey leaned forward and whispered to Viola, “Is it true?”
When she didn’t respond, he assessed her reasons and saw she was angry inside, maintaining a placid exterior, but clearly angry nonetheless.  When the bell finally rang, Rey wanted to give Viola some hope.  As she rounded up her things, he told her about Spring.  It was the one thing she knew nothing about.  After he’d told her the main details of what they knew about Spring, Viola seemed to soften.  Finally, she looked at him.
“My father told me I was ugly and useless and that if I didn’t have sex with someone he’d kill me.”
Rey’s smiled vanished.  He couldn’t think of anything to say.
“So I asked Huxley to do it.  Because I don’t care who it is.  And then when he said no, I told my father I was a lesbian.”  She threw her backpack onto her shoulder.  “But he didn’t believe me.  And Huxley said that if I didn’t let them do whatever they wanted to me, they were going to tell everyone that I asked Huxley to have sex with me.”  She looked at him with daggers in her eyes.
“Maybe we should call someone about it.  They have people that will work stuff like this out.  Guidance counselors.”
“Rey.  Why don’t you do whatever you’re gonna do.  I can take care of myself.  Do you know they’re handing out Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs after school before Huxley leads everyone to the trees?”
Rey shook his head.  “No.”
“The lunch ladies say they shipped too much and it’s gonna be free.  So I don’t think you can really do much of anything.  But good luck.  I have a class to go to.”
She turned and left.
Rey had to go to woodshop.  The class was painting their clay bowls.  They were due tomorrow.  Rey thought he had enough time to finish his.  He was preoccupied, however, as the class ticked by.  Fynn was sitting on a pile of wood chips looking morose.  Rey painted his bowl blue thinking about the suspension.  He wondered if the lunch ladies even knew why they were distributing Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs.  And lastly, he wondered why – if the Avocadonine was making people bitter – that no one, save Viola, not even Ryan O’toole, had spoken about any emotional disturbances.  Perhaps Alexa was working under misapprehensions.
When the bell rang Rey sat down next to Fynn.  “Fynn, the bowls are due tomorrow,” Rey said.
“Does it matter?”  Fynn said, sadly.  “I wanted to get good grades this quarter.  Now we’re gonna be brainwashed into being smarter and friendlier and anything we do that’s good isn’t even us.  I already decided not to be high anymore.”
Rey put his head on his hands.  “What do you think we should do?”
“Take it public.  Or go to the police.”
“Some of the police are in on it.  And Laurie could always say she doesn’t know anything.  They’re already blaming everything on me and Christy.”
“Did you tell your Mom?”
“Yeah.  She knows.”
“She could write an article.”
Rey nodded.  “We’re talking about it.”
“I want to do something.  I don’t care what.  I just want to show Laurie up, show her we’re not a bunch of losers.”
They sat in silence for a short while.  Rey began thinking about the bitterness of the Avocadonine.  “Do you think that you’re an Avocadite?  Are you bitter?”
“I’m not happy,” Fynn said, fiddling with his baseball cap.  “I’m not bitter.  It’s also Annette.”
“What do you mean?”
“We’re broken up.  Annette said, she thinks she’s dying and she can see half the school in her mind.  And I said, you sound like you’re going crazy.  And she said she didn’t want to talk to me anymore.  And I said, all right, but it’s weird as hell.”  He put his hat on.  “So she told me to get lost.  It wasn’t going anywhere anyway.  But Annette said she needs some time to think.  I guess she’s pretty messed up.”
Rey decided not to tell Fynn they were going to visit Annette after school tomorrow.
“She’s the 39th richest woman on the planet, Alexa.”
“Claudette Laurie can’t be stupid enough to just do it for the money.”
“Well, whatever it is, I can’t do anything about it.”
Rey nodded.  Then Fynn stood up and threw his clay bowl against the wall, shattering it.
As soon as school ended, Rey’s cell-phone rang.  It was Isabel.  Before picking up, Rey thought about their last conversation.  Isabel had said she was glad they spoke.  She had to be on his side.  She must be.  He picked up.
“Rey.  What happened?”
“Christy and I are suspended.  They tried to blame what Alexa is doing on us, the graffiti and everything.  We think the administration is in on it.”
Isabel sighed.  “Okay.  Am I picking you up after school or not?”
“No.  I’m going to go talk to Mr. Chandon.  I’ll explain everything after that.  I’ll meet you at the Gazette at 3:00.”
“I have something I have to finish.  It’s been a long day.  I have a lot to tell you.  I’ll pick you up at 3:15.”
“Okay.”  He hung up.
Mr. Chandon returned from the bathroom whistling Mozart.  He stopped mid-note when he saw Rey sitting at the desk.  His eyes widened momentarily, and then he gave a little smile.  “You got my note,” he said.  “And judging from the fact that you are here now, I guess, you don’t know what it means.”
“I guess we gotta talk,” Rey said.
“Yep,” Mr. Chandon said.  “Come on down to my office.  Let me just lock up.”
Rey felt good that Mr. Chandon was neglecting his after school students in favor of speaking with Rey.  Now, if only he had good news.  He closed the door behind him and locked it.  “Come on,” he said.
They made their way across the hallway to the science teacher offices.  There was a sign on them that said, “staff only,” but Rey decided that under the circumstances with the administration and the suspension, he wasn’t going to pay it any mind.  Mr. Chandon seated himself at his desk chair, and Rey sat down on a mucous green seat as the door closed itself.
“Went to check out the town’s water supply, the other night,” Mr. Chandon said.
Rey swallowed.  “Yeah.  I heard some interesting things went down.”  Rey looked up and down Mr. Chandon’s wall.  Mr. Chandon had several photos of Patrick Stewart as Captain Picard of the Enterprise.  The rest of the wall seemed to be dominated by photos of the Arizona Cardinals going as far back as the 1980's.
“So…,” Rey said.
“You want to start or should I?”  A short silence followed.  “Flip for it,” Mr. Chandon said.  He pulled out a quarter.
“Tails,” Rey said.
It landed in his palm heads.
“You’re supposed to put it on the back of your hand.”
Mr. Chandon laughed.  “Pretty quick.  Tails it is.”  He put the quarter back in his pocket.  “Steph Calida and I grew up on the same street.  I make fun of her at lunch, but we were best friends.  In eighth grade, after we’d grown apart for a bit, we saw each other at a football game.  I had been suspended for being caught with beer.  And we went to the game, some friends and I, to try to convince the coach to admit to the principal that he’d bought it for us, thinking it would get us off the hook.  Steph came out from under the bleachers -- flashed me a glance -- and we walked off leaving our friends behind.  We dated for four months it was.  That summer, I went to football camp in Pennsylvania.  Steph sent me letters.  She’d sworn off drinking and meat products.  I guess they call it straight-edge now.  Started dressing in all black.”  Mr. Chandon leaned back in his chair and stretched.  “Well, when we got back to school, my friends started making fun of me for dating Steph.  Things were different.  A couple weeks into school we walked towards each other in the hallway.  We locked eyes.  And we both turned away and walked right by one another without saying a single word.  From then on, whenever we saw each other we didn’t say anything.  And it’s been that way to this day.  We don’t speak.  At a meeting recently we made a connection.  A smile.  It meant something to Steph.  She started following me.  She followed me to the reservoir one night.  I wanted to get a sample of the drinking water on a hunch that it was being tampered with.  As I was leaving we drove towards each other.  She’d taken a lap around the block so I wouldn’t see her and when I saw her expression I knew that she was following me.  We decided that we weren’t going to live ninth grade over again.  We weren’t going to ignore each other.  And …. we crashed into each other.  She says it was me.  A minor fender bender.  We got to talking.  About the ninth grade this year.  The Avocadonine.  The graffiti.  One thing led to another.”
Rey nodded and smiled.  “Cool.”
“There’s a rumor.  Some people think Claudette Laurie started it.  I never bothered to ask.  It’s about this list of Avocadites.  A list for the ninth grade.  None of us faculty care about who is or isn’t an Avocadite.  But this year, after a while, it started to seem to matter.  Between Der on the loudspeaker, the graffiti, you giving me the vial of purple fluid.  So I did some research.  Now you and your girlfriend are caught up in this Avocadonine business.  And it sounds like the ninth grade is deep into it.  So I got the chemical analyzed.  It’s lemon juice and purple dye.  But even the scientists at the lab agree it behaves like something totally different when it gets in the bloodstream and reaches the brain.  It sounds as if this substance, for whatever reason, has taken on a life of its own.  It’s taken on unique properties.”
“It might be lemon juice and purple dye.  But we injected a gerbil with it and put it on a Ouija Board.  We talked to this girl named Spring Stone.  She was a student here in 1975.  And there’s also this woman called Alexa Bartlett.”  Rey told Mr. Chandon everything he knew about Spring and Alexa.  He told Mr. Chandon he was suspended, but didn’t get into any theories about a conspiracy involving the faculty.  He couldn’t count on Mr. Chandon not to decide his loyalties lay with the administration.  Rey said, “The ninth grade is walking over to the three lemon trees in a field near Pemota High.  And they’ll probably find out that all the lemons have been taken and that the trees have been cut down.  The ninth grade is going to do what Alexa wants.  Not everyone.  But we can’t let it happen.  We can’t let them screw up the whole world.”
“I’m with you.  So what’s next?”
“A little while back Viola told me that Brianna Lane came to see her and told her that if she made honor roll she would feel better.”  Rey rubbed his knees.  “Alexa has plans.  But maybe Spring has plans too.  So I think it’s Spring’s idea to have the three lemon trees represent not the whole grade but like three people.  I think the Avocadonine is psychic so the three students representing the archetypes are psychic too.  I think the reason Brianna Lane told Viola to make honor roll to feel better is because Brianna Lane is the Achievement Child.”
“I’ve got some old yearbooks.”  Mr. Chandon said, as he stood up.  He walked across the room to a three foot stack of books.  “I’m on the Alumni committee this year and I bet I have one from 1975.”  He pulled out a yearbook from the center of the stack.  He began shuffling through.  “Spring Stone?  9th Grade?”  His finger scanned over some pages.  “Got her.”
Rey took the yearbook from Mr. Chandon and Mr. Chandon pointed to her.  She had unkempt dirty blond hair, like the article had said.  The photograph was in black and white.  Rey pictured a gold medal around her neck -- what might have been.  He stared at her for a short while, trying to understand her.  Then he handed the yearbook back to Mr. Chandon.
“You know,” Mr. Chandon said, “I got suspended also and turned out just fine.”
“Thanks,” Rey stood up, and smiled.  “That makes me feel better.”
“I want you to call me and tell me anything you do or find out,” Mr. Chandon said.  “I’m gonna keep an eye open around school.  See if I can learn anything.  All right?”  Mr. Chandon took a card from his desk and handed it to Rey.
“All right,” Rey said.
Rey stood up and looked at the clock.  It was 2:40.  He had some time before Isabel would pick him up.  If his math was right, most of the students were probably just reaching the trees now.  Would they be cut down?  Rey hoped Tristan had fulfilled his responsibilities.  Then it occurred to him that he could call him.  He was nervous to though.  He was a senior.  He’d save the call for a time when he really needed it.  He waited outside until Isabel drove up to the curb.  He opened the red door of the Saturn Ion and got in.
Isabel looked tired.  “I had a fact checker look into all the information on Alexa Bartlett today.  It wasn’t that difficult.”  She put the car in drive.  “She’s the 39th richest woman on the planet.  There is no School for the Gifted.  In 1975 … Alexa Bartlett was the principal at Pemota Regional High School.”

Chapter 16

“So what else did she say?”  Christy asked.
Rey and Christy were sitting on the grass outside Pemota High.  They’d gone through their Friday, ate lunch in woodshop with Fynn, and spoken to their teachers about their assignments for the following week as if there wasn’t an elephant named “the conspiracy at Pemota High” in the room.  By the time afternoon rolled around they were both exhausted.  Rey was telling Christy all about his conversation with Isabel after school yesterday.  In a short while, they would be driving to Holly Dawn Hospital with Radelle to see Annette and they would not be able to talk freely.  Rey told Christy everything he could as he replayed the conversation with Isabel in his mind.
“My Mom had her fact checker find things out about Alexa.  Alexa worked as a substitute teacher in Russia.  She gave me all these materials she collected on her.  I read one of the articles.  It was in Forbes.  In Russia, she won the lottery.”
“That’s why she’s so rich?”  Christy asked.
“If you win the lottery in Russia back then it wasn’t for that much money.  They asked her how she won.”  Rey took a blade of grass and began peeling the edges off as he spoke.  “She used a random number generator.  She said she plugged in the numbers on her paycheck.  When they asked her if she believed in God, she said winning the lottery was God’s doing.  After that, she moved to America and became a certified teacher.”
“So Inez was lying,” Christy said.
“Yeah.  She taught social studies and got her Masters in some administrative thing.  She was the principal at Pemota Regional High School for five years.”  Rey paused and looked up towards the Smokers Corner wondering what was taking Radelle so long.  “I saw a picture of her.  She was posing in front of a purple Lear Jet.  She has these, like, penetrating eyes and grey hair.”  
“So where did she get all her money?”  Christy asked.
“After she resigned from being principal at Pemota High, she bought this mercenary organization called Lockforth.  They are known for becoming involved in overseas conflicts under the orders of the government.  She invested her money in the stock market and made it that way.”
“Did you tell your Mom the mercenaries are on the police force now?”
“Yeah.”  Rey took a breath to quell his nerves.  “There’s other things too.  My Mom showed me these electric bills we have.  After my sister broke the fan, my Mom said she wanted to check if the electric bill had changed.  She showed me how regardless of how many kilowatt hours we used the price was arbitrary.  The electric company is just picking prices that are approximations, like they’re trying not to draw attention to something.  My Mom says there must be something wrong with the electricity.”
“If Alexa is that rich she can probably own whatever she wants.”
“Yeah.  She had a retarded daughter named Zara who died.”
“Sounds like a motive,” Christy said thoughtfully.  If Alexa wanted everyone to be smart, maybe she had the same problem with her daughter.
“That’s what I thought too.  But something really interesting.  My Mom showed me this article that was, ‘School Committee Approves Plan for New High School.’  Pemota High was built in 1975 -- the year everything happened.  My Mom found the original budget from the school committee.  It includes a chunk of money to be used for a room underneath the school.  Have you ever heard of any sort of basement?”
“No.”
“The original plans say it’s supposed to be 80 by 80 feet of floor space.  My Mom says that’s what Gloria said.”
“Who’s Gloria?”
“She’s the fact checker.  The original school was where the Pemota Community Center is now.  Alexa also has a home in Antarctica with a twenty year food and drink supply.”
“Why?”
“She said she might like to retire there someday.  My Mom says that the only way you can live in Antarctica is if you work for a government that sponsors and conducts research on the Antarctica continent.”
“That’s not good.”  Christy said.
“My Mom said she wouldn’t be surprised if she has connections to government officials.”
Christy was listening attentively, but then they both turned to the Smoker’s Corner and saw the blue metallic Chevy Equinox making its way toward them.  Brianna was behind the wheel.  She pulled the car up to the curb and stared at them.
“What is my sister doing here?”  Christy said.
They picked up their backpacks and walked towards the car.  Christy had been thinking about Brianna the past few days.  She didn’t want to talk to Brianna for fear she might know they had borrowed her gerbil and she didn’t want to talk about Brianna’s plans to destroy Ms. Parker.  But she had noticed her emotions were shifting.  While in the past she had always felt a storm cloud above her, since sitting at the table with Rey and hearing Rey say that she wasn’t a loser, the storm cloud seemed to have lifted.  She couldn’t deny, she wanted the tug-of-war to be over.
“Brianna what are you doing here?”
Rey opened the back passenger side door and got in.
“Mom said I could drive you guys,” Brianna said seriously.  “We need to talk Miss Christy.”
Regardless of Christy’s feelings about talking with Brianna, she couldn’t deny Brianna had a point.  It was about time they had a substantial conversation.  As Christy climbed into the passenger side, she realized it for the first time.  The only reason to call her Miss Christy was that it was a humorous sign of respect.  Brianna was trying to win her over.  Christy was beginning to realize that what Christy thought wasn’t especially important to Brianna, and Brianna was rarely the one provoking the conflict.  Maybe it was time to drop the rope, and see if Brianna would too.
Brianna pulled away from the curb, and said, “I want to know who killed Casey.”  The two of them were silent and exchanged a glance.  Then Brianna smiled.  “Poker faces, guys.  Casey’s fine.  Maybe you don’t know this but if you inject a gerbil with lemon juice and purple dye, it will kill him.  The Avocadonine is something totally new.  And you guys know things that I don’t.  So let’s talk.”
“Brianna.  Are you psychic?”  Rey asked.
“I’m a seer,” Brianna said.  “I watched you guys meet with Inez.  The day after you drank Mountain Springs.”
“You can see the ninth grade?”  Christy asked.
“Yeah.  At first, I thought what you guys thought, that Viola was an Avocadite.  I think the only reason Viola is upset is because of what her father said to her.  I didn’t realize until recently that I was the Achievement Child.  I talked to Viola to try to change the Avocadonine into something less bitter.  I interviewed someone from Environmental Friends when I was doing research.  They know Bartlett Foods is altering beverages.  I’ve been buying Mountain Springs for a while, in case they decide to renege on their mission, I’d have proof.”  She opened a bag of Cheetohs.  They were going back roads to Holly Dawn Hospital.  Run down homes with old women sitting on their porches dominated the scenery.
Christy didn’t want to talk about Ms. Parker and Rey knew she didn’t.  Rey took a breath, then looked out the window for a short while, trying to work up the courage.
Brianna seemed to know what he was thinking.  “Ms. Parker apologized,” Brianna volunteered.  “She said she gave me an A- because she thought I did drugs.  I said grades should be impartial.  She said she thought about it and she was sorry.”
“What were you planning?” Rey asked.
“There’s a fire drill that day.  Everyone was going to go outside without their backpacks.  Then I was going to plant marijuana in them.  After the fire drill you would meet me in the woods for C period.  There’s a policeman’s cook-out at the Pemota Community Center.  I was going to tell you guys you could either get arrested or go to class high.”
“That’s smart,” Rey said.  “If you’re the Achievement Child, who do you think is the Sweet Child?”
“I think it’s Annette.  She’s a seer too,” Brianna said.
They drove in silence for awhile.  Rey was thinking about avocados and the stained glass windows on the home with turret of different varieties of them.  Rey told the two of them there were rumors according to Mr. Chandon about a list of Avocadites.  And Isabel had spoken of a list as well.  Rey wondered who was on it.  Brianna was saying she’d heard the rumors since the beginning of the school year.
“How did all this start anyways?”  Brianna asked.  She popped another Cheetoh into her mouth.
“It started with the avocado orchard in back of Stella’s in seventh grade,” Rey said.
“Tell us about it,” Christy said.
For the remainder of the ride to Holly Dawn Hospital, Rey told the story.  He started with how Huxley and Der had tried to break into Stella’s.  He told them how there were guys taking the avocados from the orchard and how Huxley and Der had written ‘A Hass Avocado’ on the parking lot.  When proprietor Craig Hawk got there the next day Marv made sure the story went nowhere.  Then he told them how Joe had called him three days later.  All Joe did, Rey told them, was tell him what had happened.  Then Joe had said, I thought I should tell you.
“Why do you think Joe called you?”  Christy asked.  “You weren’t even involved right?”
Rey nodded.  “We never talked about it.  Not even once since.”
They arrived at Holly Dawn Hospital.  “Are you coming in Brianna?”  Christy asked.
“I’ll be watching.”
“We might be a little while,” Christy said.
“That’s all right, sis.”  Brianna opened the glove compartment and withdrew a book.  Christy had a small smile on her lips.  What she felt -- a feeling of freedom and pride -- was the greatest achievement of her life.  Her and Rey walked into the hospital.  Annette had told Christy that the mental health ward was on the seventh floor.  They knocked on the door and a nurse came to open it.
“We’re here to see Annette Oslow,” Christy said.
They signed in, and a group of nurses watched them carefully.  Then they searched them to be sure they didn’t have any sharp objects on them.  In the common room, they didn’t recognize Annette at first.  She had her head down and her hair covering her face.  A woman with wide eyes stared at them like they had come to kill her, and another one licked her wrists where bandages had been wrapped.  The two women walked out of the room.  Christy felt concern for Annette and then saw her sitting at the table doing math homework, her face slack, and her eyes dull blue.
“God, Annette,” Christy said.  “What were your parents thinking?  This place is a freak show.”
Annette didn’t respond except to say, “Hey guys.”  She held up her homework.  “Christy did you do this yet?”  She was referring to section 5.5 -- her algebra assignment.
 “Yeah.  A little while ago.  It’s easy once you get it.”  Christy sat.  As Christy told Annette about how to go about doing the homework, Rey thought about what questions to ask Annette.  He was looking forward to telling her she was the Sweet Child.
“I get it,” Annette said, after Christy had explained the Algebra.  “Thanks for coming to visit me.  This place gets to you after a while.”
“Yeah.  No kidding,” Christy said.  “So we have some things to tell you.”  Christy rolled her eyes up in her head.  “God, I don’t even know where to start.”
Rey wasn’t sure where to start either, but over the course of the next ten minutes they told Annette everything.  Then Rey said, “If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t have become friends with you and Mike.  You’re the Sweet Child.”
“What’s it like?’  Christy said.  “What do you see?”
Annette gave Christy a hard look, feeling coddled.  “Like yesterday, during art class, I saw David Benson talking to Peter Laft about how his Dad is thinking about hiring a full-time therapist.”
“David Benson’s Dad has been bought, we think,” Rey said.
“What do your parents think?”  Christy asked.
“They think it’s some kind of bug that affects the brain.  That’s why I’m here.”  Annette looked down, her eyes melancholy.  “Last night, I watched The Wizard of Oz in my brain three times.”
“The Wizard of Oz?”  Christy looked at Rey confused.
Rey shrugged.
Christy looked around as if there were an open window somewhere.  “We gotta get you out of here.”
“Good luck.  My parents won’t let me leave.”
They talked for a while longer but then something unexpected happened.  The common room door opened and a man in a white coat peeked his head in.  “Annette Oslow?  You’re gonna meet with your therapist and then you’re gonna be discharged.”
Annette didn’t want to jinx it by asking questions.  “Okay.”
“We’re gonna figure it out,” Christy said to reassure her.
A half-hour later, as they walked to the Chevy Equinox, Annette explained to them that her therapist said she’d been there long enough and she was doing fine and the rest would take its natural course.
Rey closed the passenger door, and saw Brianna had a little smile on her face.
“What did you do?”  Christy asked Brianna.
“Your parents have been bought,” Brianna said, as she pulled away from the curb after the three of them hopped in.
“It better be for a lot,” Annette responded.
“Ms. Parker asked if she could do anything for me and I told her to do this.  She has a lot of pull.  She merely talked to your therapist and convinced him.”
“My parents are assholes,” Annette said.
The clouds had parted and sunshine bathed the car and the road in a warm glow.  Emory Oak Trees lined the exit from Holly Dawn Hospital.  They could hear birds chirping.  As Brianna exited the premises, she said, “There’s no such thing as an MD in psychology.”
“Who said there was?” Christy asked.
“When you met with Inez, he said, Alexa has an MD in psychology.  No such thing.”
“Spring said he was a liar,” Rey said.  “Maybe he was trying to help us.  Do you think that’s why Alexa called and said, ‘Inez, what the hell do you think you’re doing?’”
“Only one way to find out,” Brianna said.
Rey took a deep breath and then took out his cell-phone.
“Put it on speaker,” Brianna said.
He had the card that said, “Inez” on it, in his wallet still.  “Anyone know what a 503 area code is?”  Rey asked.
“It’s Ontario,” Brianna responded.
Rey made the call and placed the phone on the arm rest.
“Inez Castel,” Inez said, after one ring.
At first no one said anything.  Then Rey realized he knew Inez best.  “Hey Inez.  It’s Rey, and Christy, and Annette, and Brianna.”
“Am I on speaker?”
“Can’t you see?”  Brianna asked, as if it was obvious.
“Barely,” Inez said.  “You guys hardly have any Avocadonine.”
“Inez, you lied to us,” Rey said.
“I got paid ten thousand dollars.  I was willing to stretch the truth.”
“We know there is no School for the Gifted,” Christy said.
“Pemota High is the school for the gifted.  I am a student there.  I’m doing a work at home program.  But I’ll graduate this year.  I just moved back here this year.  My father lives here.  And I did infiltrate the fifth grade to meet you -- in a sense.  I moved back to Ontario mid-school year.  I wanted to know something about everyone in the class.  That’s why I asked you about four square.  I think a ‘liar for hire’ is a bit of a stretch.”
“Whose side are you on?”  Christy asked.
“Alexa told me to get the photograph.  She briefed me on the helicopter ride over.  I did the best I could with what I knew.  I won’t betray Alexa.  Ten thousand dollars is a lot of money.  However, I am willing to point you in the right direction.”
“Go ahead,” Brianna said.
“A month ago, Bartlett Foods got a national distributor.  A lot of people and schools are drinking Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs.”
“How many students are seers?”  Brianna asked.
“I think it’s just us.”
“Why did Alexa chose you?”  Rey asked.
“Not too many students graduate high school in ninth grade.  Also, I’ve been onto her, ever since I started seeing you guys in my mind.  No one knows as much as you guys do.”
“Tell us what Alexa told you,” Christy said.
“She told me to get the photograph.  The reason she said Spring said something is that the Avocadonine has an electromagnetic charge.  So Alexa’s company put the Avocadonine in a small tank with a metal keyboard on the bottom.  Each letter responds to a different electromagnetic frequency.  So Spring can type whatever she wants by changing the electromagnetic frequency.  That’s how Spring is talking to Alexa.  According to Alexa, Spring says, ‘none of the ninth graders are Avocadites.’”
“Then what have we been doing this all for?”  Rey asked.
“Since Aba Brule told Rey his mother was Isabel and gave him a bottle of Looza Avocado Juice, he’s not the chosen one to suffer while the medication goes global.  Viola is safe now too.  She’s not bitter.  To Alexa there were different possibilities.  Viola was who she was going to choose.  Someone needs to remain bitter for the chemical to function properly.  That’s what Alexa thinks anyways.  And yes, I guess I’m the Special Child.”
“So point us in the right direction,” Christy said.
“Jocelyn Stone lives in Ontario.  She’s old.  I don’t know how her health is.  But you can find her address and phone number online.  You might want to pay her a visit.  She can probably help.”
Rey had an instinct he needed to ask.  “Inez, did you see the letter Aba Brule sent me and Christy?”
“Of course I did.”  There was a long pause.  “You want the honest truth?
“Yes,” they all said.
“I don’t know what L-95 is.  Or what Aba Brule is doing.”  He hung up.
Rey had spent so long believing Aba was psychic it had never fully registered that she wasn’t.  But if she wasn’t psychic, how did she know about book number 98?
For the next ten minutes Christy searched Rey’s cell-phone for a listing online for Jocelyn Stone.  When she finally found her, she told everyone they should pay her a visit.
“I’ve got work all tomorrow, and Sunday,” Brianna said.  “And then I have to go back to Leander.”
“We need a ride,” Christy said.  “And we can’t ask Mom.”
“My Mom can’t drive us either.  She has to go to a conference,” Rey said.  He rubbed his knees.  “Time to call in a favor.”

Chapter 17

Rey got Isabel to make the call to Jocelyn Stone.  Her caretaker picked up.  Isabel explained that they had some information about Jocelyn’s late daughter Spring, and Rey and Christy wanted to speak to Jocelyn.  As it turned out, Jocelyn had had a stroke and was unable to speak.  Her chances of recovery were small and the caretaker didn’t want anyone to say anything to her that might upset her.  Isabel said that she understood and she’d tell Rey.  Rey said they were going to make the trip to see her anyways.  It was a forty-five minute drive.
The BMW 3 Series Compact had a sun roof open and it was freezing.  Tristan had explained to them what happened yesterday with the three lemon trees.  He told the two of them that he and Roach had brought garbage bags and a chainsaw to the trees.  Holly North had been outside the school.  She told them she planned on screaming to everyone coming out of the school that the Nadine’s Puppies article wasn’t true as they handed out Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs.  By the time she was through, only twenty-five people made the walk to the trees.  They all ended up finding the trees cut down and the lemons missing.
Tristan had a lot of questions and Rey told him they would explain things to him on the ride down.  It was 9:45 a.m. and Christy told Brianna that it might be a day-long excursion so Brianna decided not to accompany them.  Brianna said she had something to do before work anyways.  When Christy asked her “what,” Brianna said she had to visit a friend.
The expressway was smooth and after Tristan closed the sun roof the drive was enjoyable.  When they arrived at Sea Eagle Watch they saw the high-end homes, all clad with porches and well-kept lawns.  They turned into Jocelyn’s driveway thankful for Tristan’s Mom’s car’s GPS, and sat in the car nervously waiting, trying to think of how best to proceed.  Tristan said they should just be honest and explain things to her.  Rey had brought the article Aba Brule had sent, “Track Star Doesn’t Go to State Championships,” and the letter sent from Aba Brule as well.  If worst came to worst, Rey said, they would just ask the caretaker if Jocelyn had any of Spring’s old possessions and look for clues.
They walked up the steps and rang the doorbell.

----

The door opened and Miss Shumana stood there frowning, as if the last person on earth she wanted to see right now was Brianna Lane.  Brianna felt they were on a first name basis.
“Hello Evelyn.  It’s been a long time.”
Evelyn Shumana looked from right to left as if someone was hidden in the shrubs.  Then her eyes came to rest on her recently purchased Mercedes E Class Sedan in the driveway.  She looked down for a few moments.  Then said, “Come in.”
She closed the door and revealed her living room -- a stark contrast with the run-down exterior of the green Cape Cod home.  Brianna sat down on one of her top-of-the-line leather sofas.
“What do you want?”  Evelyn said.  “Don’t tell me you missed me.”  She took out a box of cigarettes, and lit one up.  Then she removed her red hair -- it was a wig.  She shook her blond hair free, then took off her black glasses, and sat across from Brianna.
“I have the non-prescription ones also,” Brianna said.  “Although I think while I’m reading my diploma, you’re going to be driving up past the Canadian border in that practically stolen Mercedes.”
Evelyn breathed out a stream of smoke.  “You’re not exactly an angel yourself, Brianna.  I think I saw you more during your senior year than any other student.  Only girl I ever caught having sex in the janitor’s closet.  I take it you’re still a drug abusing slut.  Or did Leander turn you into an Amish princess?”
“A Queen, really.”
“Oh.  Still at Lots for Littles?  Using Skywarriors to get students to rebel against authority figures?  I sure know you don’t buy them.  Could get you fired pretty easily.”
“Perhaps, we can reach an understanding.”
“We’ll be in school for another week.”  Evelyn dropped some ashes into a tray.  “Every parent of practically every student has been taken care of.  We’re paying them a million dollars to help further the development towards the archetypes.  If anything goes wrong, Alexa has a helicopter waiting for us to be taken away to wherever we want to go.  The chemical has a psychic property.  It’s Spring, but it’s also whatever you believe it is.  So if the meaning changes for Pemota High, it changes for everyone.  So now that we understand one another, what would it take for you to,” she took another drag off her cigarette, “help us with something that looks great on a college app.”  She put the cigarette out and raised her eyebrows.

----

“Well, we think she needs to see us,” Rey said.  “See, the entire ninth grade at Pemota High is going to want to know what happened between Jocelyn and Spring.  Just give us five minutes and if she doesn’t want to talk to us, we’ll leave.”
The caretaker, Marie, looked back into the home wrestling with this.  “She can’t talk.  She has damage to the left side of her brain.  Spring was a long time ago.  Jocelyn has had three kids since.  I think it would be best if you left.”
A thumping sound from down the hall caused Marie to run back inside.  They stepped into the foyer and closed the door behind them.  They stood on the oriental carpet listening to Marie’s hushed whispers from down the hall.  Christy took her shoes off and gave Rey and Tristan a look.  They both reluctantly removed their shoes and Rey placed his backpack beside his.
Marie returned.  “Come with me.”  Marie walked down the hallway and they followed.  “This is her second stroke,” Marie said.  “Jocelyn is lucky enough to have the means to afford in-home care.  Her chances of recovering are better that way.”  They stopped in front of a door.  “She can’t talk.  And she usually doesn’t understand language.  But you can try.”
Jocelyn lay in bed, white sheets covering her, and surrounded by equipment.  She had short blond hair, and dim blue eyes in an exorbitantly wrinkled face.  She saw them and a fearful look came into her eyes.
“Hi, Miss Stone,” Christy said.  “My name’s Christy.  This is Rey and Tristan.”
Rey withdrew the article from his pocket and the letter from Aba Brule.  He handed them to Jocelyn.  “Miss Stone,” Rey said.  “We need to talk to you about your daughter, Spring.”
Jocelyn looked at the article then tossed it aside.  Then she looked at the letter from Aba Brule.  She let it drop on the bed sheet. 
“She can’t understand it,” Marie said.  “She can’t read or write.”
“How faraway is she?”  Rey asked.
“A part of her brain has been compromised.  Sometimes people make full recoveries,” Marie said.  “But I think all you’re doing is upsetting her.”
“I have the syringe in my backpack,” Rey said.  “We could just put the chemical in some water.  It’s worth a try.” 
“If it kills her, it’s murder,” Tristan said.
“There’s a chemical,” Rey said.  “It doesn’t kill anyone who ingests it.  It’s just lemon juice and purple dye.  But it has an effect on brain chemistry.  I just want to give her a little of it.”
Then something extraordinary happened.  Jocelyn turned to them and spoke.  “I want you to do it.”
Marie was stunned.  “Miss Stone?”
“Is it okay?” Rey asked.
“Miss Stone?”  Marie said again, now at her bedside.  They all stared at her.  She was silent.  “It’s okay,” Marie said to Rey.
Rey went and got the vile of purple fluid.  Jocelyn had a glass of water by her bedside and Rey poured a small amount of the fluid into the glass.  Jocelyn picked up the water glass and drank it.  They waited for almost a full minute for a reaction.  Then Jocelyn turned to them and her eyes seemed to come to life.
Marie brought in two more chairs and they all sat and stared at each other.  “Tell her about what’s going on,” Christy said to Rey.
Rey told Jocelyn the whole story -- everything that had happened, from Aba Brule to Inez Castel.  “We want to know about Spring,” Rey said.
Jocelyn seemed to become aware that she was uncomfortable.  She tried to lift her pillow up.  Tristan stood up and helped her.  She sat up.  Then she spoke.  She was clear, lucid even.  “I knew this would happen.  I always knew I’d hear about this again.”
“Tell us,” Christy said.
“I’ve read that article.  Many times.  The story starts the year Alexa became principal at Pemota Regional High School.  In 1975.”
“How did Alexa and Spring meet?”  Christy asked.
“It would have been impossible for Alexa not to know Spring.  Everyone knew Spring.  Spring was known for being a track star.  A lot of boys liked her.  There was this one group of boys.  Milos Stevens.  He was in the article.  But that’s not who he was.  He was a bad kid.  Him and his friends.  They were always trying to get close to Spring.  Spring told me he had a tattoo:  ‘American Bully.’”
Christy turned to the two of them.  “Weird.”
“Before school started Alexa sent out a survey.”
“If you could meet anyone, living or dead, who would it be.  How long do you want to live for.  She gave us the same survey this year.  Or Claudette Laurie did anyways,” Rey said.
“The last question on the survey was, ‘What is the first name of the horticulturist who named the Hass Avocado?’”  Spring answered ‘Rudolph Hass.’  That was right, of course.”
“I answered ‘Rudolph Hass’ too,” Christy said.
“At the assembly Alexa announced the answers to the questions.  She said she was disappointed that only one person answered ‘Rudolph Hass.’  Spring told me there were two girls in front of her who turned to each other.  One of them said, ‘didn’t you answer Hass too?’  And the other girl nodded.  I told Spring that there was a rumor Alexa was a communist.  It was only natural then -- the Cold War era -- for people to have a suspicion like that.  Everyone knew she was from Russia.  Spring said there was a joke where students called her ‘Joseph Stalin.’”
The three of them laughed.
Jocelyn managed a weak smile.  “Shortly thereafter, Spring’s english teacher, Andrew Murray, had them write an essay on capitalism and why determining Olympic medal merits with a random number generator would not be appropriate.  On Spring’s paper she received a B-.  Spring told me that she saw Alexa outside school and saw her avert her eyes.  Spring said that Alexa knew her.  No, that wasn’t it.  That Alexa was obsessed with her.  I told her she was being paranoid.
“Then there were rumors among students that Alexa had won the lottery using a random number generator.  Spring put two and two together and she was angry.  She told me she was.  She walked to school early every day.  We lived close in a run-down one bedroom.  Spring’s father was a struggling salesman.  I found out later, after it was all over, from Ashley Fink, one of Spring’s best friends, that there was a janitor who let Spring into school early.  Spring delivered an avocado to the front office -- on the counter -- with a note:  ‘A Hass Avocado.  From Spring.’  It went on for two weeks without any response from Alexa.  But things were getting bad for Spring.  Milos Steven’s and his friends turned against her.  Decided she wasn’t one of the ‘in’ kids anymore and everyday Spring got a death threat in her locker.  Ashley told me, after it was all over, that Spring said her teachers were teaching false material.  Spring told Ashley, Andrew  Murray was teaching details about Shakespeare’s love life -- of which, no one knows anything, of course.
“Ashley told me, one day, when Spring went to deliver her avocado, there was something different.  A Gold Avocado was sitting on the counter.”
“Was Alexa getting Milos Steven’s to harass her?”  Rey asked.
Jocelyn blinked back tears.  “I’ve never known.  All I know is that Alexa called an assembly for the entire ninth grade.  She said that her Gold Avocado was stolen and wanted to know if anyone had any information.  Spring raised her hand and said that ‘whoever stole it was probably the one person who answered Rudolph Hass on the survey.’
“Alexa said, ’That was you.’
“’My avocado isn’t gold.  The avocado I chose has festered,’ Spring said.  ‘All our avocados are decaying.  Because of this principal.’”
“Alexa said, ‘if you think you can do a better job, come up here are show us.’  Spring stood up in front of the class and asked people to raise their hand if they answered ‘Rudolph Hass’ on the questionnaire.  Most of the class raised their hand.  Spring said that ever since she knew she wasn’t the only person who answered Rudolph on the questionnaire she knew that she was watching everyone’s avocado fester because of Alexa.  Spring said that her relay times were unfair and Alexa was a game playing psychopath.  She said that everything she worked hard for, her hopes and dreams, were being taken away from her by Alexa.
“Alexa took the podium and said ninth grade was about growing up and that Spring was holding onto the past.  Just because she wasn’t a good athlete anymore wasn’t Alexa’s fault.  Spring’s friends told me later that Alexa dismissed the class and left it unresolved.
“Ashley told me later that one day there was a crate left in the cafeteria.  It was a drink with a label on it that said, A Bottle of Avocado Juice.  From Spring.  They all tried it.  It was bitter, purple.  I don’t know what was in it.”
Rey looked down at the vile in his hand, thinking that the pieces were beginning to come together.
“Spring begged me to take her out of school so I did.  I sent her to be tutored by a recent friend of mine who would do it for free.  What I didn’t know was that Alexa knew that friend better than I did.  Spring died a while later of a seizure in her brain.  The details were always sketchy.”
“Was there anyone else she talked to that might know more?”  Christy asked.
“The janitor.  I don’t know his name.  But she said he let her into school early to give the avocado to Alexa on the counter.  He would probably know everything.”  Jocelyn looked exhausted.  “Spring’s friends started applying the pressure to Alexa.  That’s what the article was about.  And maybe that’s why she resigned.  I never knew.”
They sat quietly, pondering this.  Then Jocelyn said, “after I heard the story, I wanted to know what the avocado represented to Spring.  She was obviously thinking about it.  Plotting the future.  Maybe for a day like this one.”
“What do you think it represented?”  Christy asked.
Jocelyn took a deep breath and exhaled.  “’Individuality,’” she said.  “Being unique.  And being proud of it.”
They all sat in silence for a short while.
“Why didn’t you try harder to find things out?”  Christy asked.  “I mean, she was your daughter.”
Rey had been thinking.  Why was she able to talk so suddenly?  She had made a complete recovery and didn’t seem the least bit surprised.  Then, he realized it.  She had had a stroke but she was just pretending she couldn’t speak so as not to speak to the three of them about Spring.  He looked up at her.  “You’ve been able to talk the whole time.”
This time tears did come to Jocelyn’s eyes.  “That’s all I have to say.  This is all beyond me.  And I’m exhausted.”
“That’s all for today.  You can leave a phone number,” Marie said.
“We’ll tell you what happens,” Tristan said.
“If you care,” Rey said quietly.
Jocelyn looked away from them.  Rey’s comment hung in the air.

----

Brianna unlocked Lots for Little’s, and counted her drawer.  She sat behind the counter and pulled out her cell-phone.  Rey, Christy, and Tristan were probably on their way home by now.  Christy picked up.
“Hello, Miss Christy.  Let me guess.  She spoke.”
“Yeah.  We found out a lot.  Let’s talk when I get home.”
“You might be interested to know I cut a deal with Evelyn Shumana.  You and Rey are no longer suspended.  But the chemical is going to have affected everyone in the country within one week.”
“Okay.  Thanks, Brianna.  And don’t tell Mom.  I’ll tell her Miss Shumana just made a mistake and apologized.”
“Okay.”  She hung up.
An hour later, a woman with high cheekbones, sunglasses, and a winter hat came into the store.  She wore a black overcoat.  She walked up to Brianna.  “A Skywarrior,” the woman said.  “My Grandson says he wants the one called Skytopps.”
“Certainly,” Brianna said.  “Over here.”  She picked up a box.  “This is Skytopps.  He’s the hero in the cartoon.  Each one has a helicopter on its back.  And one can control them by remote control.”
“Splendid,” the woman said.  She stared at Brianna.  Through the sunglasses Brianna could make out her heavily eye-shadowed dark eyes.  The woman smiled again.  “It seems like a lovely idea.  A remote controlled hero.  I’m sure you agree?”
“I’m sorry,” Brianna said.  “I didn’t catch your name.”
The woman smiled accentuating her cheekbones.  “My name is Alexa Bartlett.  And you, of course, are Brianna Lane.  Word travels fast.  You’ve been quite busy lately -- you and your little gang of rebels.  I was just wondering, what exactly you think the problem is with what we’re doing?”
“The problem, Alexa, is that a remote controlled hero isn’t worth anything in comparison with a hero that makes his or her own choices.  I’m sure you see.”  Brianna tossed the Skywarrior box back onto the lot.
“Well, a bunch of yo yo’s who hardly get anything done don’t qualify as heroes.  You, however, are the Achievement Child.  And that means you hold a special place in my view.  I wanted to meet you and tell you how much I admire your achievements.”
“Alexa, in one week, my achievements are going to consist of putting an end to whatever you’re planning to do.”  Brianna crossed her arms.  “Won’t that be nice.”
“You can’t fire a bullet without a hammer and some gun powder.  The three archetypes will propel the students like a speeding bullet.  And you’re merely trying to get in the way.  But since you won’t get out of the way, I’ll have to take matters into my own hands.  Like I did with Spring -- who met with an unfortunate accident.  I want to make sure you know I’m the one who put an end to your existence, and more importantly your reign of personified self-confidence.  Won’t that be nice.”  She turned and walked out of the store, leaving Brianna with tears in eyes -- her face flushed with fear.

----

“Mom,” Rey said, as he hung his jacket up.  “We met Jocelyn.”
Isabel came down the steps.  “What did she say?”
“I guess she didn’t expect a high school kid to have brought a tape recorder.”  He removed the tape recorder from his pocket.  “You can listen.  I’m going back to school on Monday.  Brianna got our suspension revoked.  So I have to do some homework.”
“Forget about homework.  Give me the tape recorder.”
Isabel rewound the tape.  She took the tape recorder with her into the living room.  Rey could hear her listening as he prepared a sandwich.  An hour later, she called downstairs to him.  “Rey.  Ex-janitors dress like homeless people.  The janitor Jocelyn was talking about is Frank Brule.”
“Are you sure?”  Rey called back.
“Yes.  You need to get back in contact with him.”
“He didn’t tell me how.”
“Didn’t Aba Brule give a return address?”
“Yeah,” Rey said, thoughtfully.  “She did.”  He ran back up the steps.

Chapter 18

It was Monday and Stella’s was crowded.  Cars lined the street and the parking lot was full.  Brianna frowned, disappointed at herself for not picking a more suitable day.  Before going inside, she walked around back, and took a look at the orchard.  She saw the trees had retained a smattering of avocados even during the winter.  She stood there for a few moments, thinking about Alexa Bartlett and what she had said.  Then her frown turned into a hard determination and she walked around the store and in through the automatic door.
She picked up a wooden basket, and surveyed the polished redwood stained interior.  It seemed everywhere she turned she saw people with serious expressions on their faces -- a product of the cold day.  She walked around for several minutes, looking at the long row of various types of avocados along the back wall.  She wondered if her actions would draw any attention.  Her attire -- blue jeans and green winter coat -- was as unassuming as could be.  She walked over to the Hass Avocados and picked one up.  She lifted up the plywood that held the large tray of avocados, and she looked underneath.  If anyone asked what she was doing, she would claim she had dropped an earring.

----

Isabel was seated at the table.  Having found Aba Brule’s number from 411 information, she was now staring at Rey waiting for him to call.  Finally, he dialed the number.
“It’s ringing,” he said.
“Hello?”  It sounded like Aba.
“Hey Aba.  This is Rey Naresh.”
“Ah, Rey.  I thought I might be hearing from you.  I take it everything is going according to plan.  Did you put the gerbil on the Ouija Board?”
“Yeah, we did.  But we have some questions.  We know Frank Brule was the janitor who let Spring into school to deliver the avocado every day to Alexa.”
“So you spoke to Jocelyn?”
“Yeah.”
“I suppose you want to know about Frank and I.  And our relationship with Alexa.  Frank and I are getting re-married in the Spring.  He’s in Pemota.  He wants to stay there with you guys until everything is resolved.”
“How come he doesn’t know much of anything?”
“I didn’t tell him about you -- told him I was working on something Top Secret.  We found a meeting of the minds again a short while ago.  Frank mentioned you, a long time ago, saw you around town, thought you’d be a good choice to go on the journey Spring set up in 1975.  It’s a long story.  But when I heard your class was making the trip to Mount Monadnock, I put up the psychic advisor sign, and told myself whoever came back, we’d go with.  I was glad when it turned out to be you.  I used the Looza Avocado Juice to motivate you the same way Alexa is using the list of Avocadites to motivate the ninth grade.  Everyone wants to know what it means.  It means the students are bitter.  Like Alexa thought Spring was.”
“So Aba, how did Spring die?”
“Alexa killed her.  I take it Jocelyn told you pretty much everything except that.  After Jocelyn got Spring the tutor, Alexa bought the tutor off.  It was over winter break, when the school was locked for everyone except Alexa, and Frank was the only janitor with keys to the school.  The tutor brought Spring to school.  The tutor locked Spring in the cafeteria with a stack an inch high of math problems and the crate of the drink called A Bottle of Avocado Juice, From Spring.  Then Alexa came over the loudspeaker and told Spring that if she didn’t do all of the math problems over the course of the next two days, Alexa would kill her.”
“Is it lemon juice because it’s supposed to be the taste of decaying avocados?”
“Yes.”
“Why is it purple?”
“Frank and I read the article where Alexa is photographed in front of a purple Lear jet.  When they asked her why it was purple she said it was the color of enlightenment.  It’s always been a joke for Alexa.  She’s making fun of Spring -- saying Spring is self-righteous.  See, Spring wanted to win in an unwinnable situation.  She wasn’t gonna do the math problems.  Instead, she plotted out the future.  She drew three pictures.  One was a picture of a garden of decaying avocados.  Another was a gerbil on a Ouija Board.  And the last was a picture of the house with the turret.  On each picture she wrote a date.  December 3, 2013 was the date of the gerbil on a Ouija Board picture.  If you recall, that was the day the letter I sent arrived at Christy’s house -- the night you put the gerbil on the Ouija Board.  I knew you’d do the Ouija Board with someone you were closest too.  And Frank had found out that that was Christy.  So I sent the letter to Christy’s house.
“It was a poison Alexa put in one of the bottles that killed Spring -- an untraceable poison.  During those two days in that cafeteria, we think Spring’s brain produced an exorbitant amount of electromagnetic energy that attached itself to the drink.  And she put the pictures she drew in the heater in the corner of the cafeteria that had a lid that one could lift up.  She knew Frank would find them.  After she died, Alexa brought Spring outside to the track and left her there.  The medics thought she had died on the track.
“Why doesn’t Spring just make us talk and do things all the time.”
“She doesn’t talk through you or make you do things very often because it takes too much energy for her.  Or she thinks it does anyways.”
“So why didn’t Frank just go to the police?”
“After Spring died, Alexa told Frank he could either resign or she’d pin the murder on him.  He decided that he was intrigued by the pictures Spring drew.  He wanted to see if it would come true.  He told Alexa about the drawings thinking that’s what Spring wanted.  Alexa is calling Spring bitter because it makes her feel better.  But Spring wasn’t bitter.  What Alexa did to Spring was one of the worst things I’ve been near and dear to.  Frank and I both think she’s important.”  Aba took a deep breath.  “Frank and I planned the elements to propel you along the journey you went on this year.  I’m not psychic.  But it’s going well so far and I think we’re in for a very interesting resolution.”
“So what now?”
“Frank says there’s a basement.  You get to it through the janitor’s closet.  We’ve seen what happens to people who drink the drink.  A light comes into their eyes.  That’s how Alexa realized it was more than just lemon juice and purple dye.  Alexa is still looking for the Gold Avocado.  Frank bugged the entire school.  He’s got a whole room full of listening equipment.  Even the front office is bugged.  He’s heard conversations between Claudette Laurie and Evelyn Shumana -- conversations about Alexa.  There is a vat of Avocadonine at the electric company.  Because of the electromagnetic energy of the Avocadonine, Spring is powering the town, in a sense.  Alexa has thought of every single use for the Avocadonine possible and the electromagnetic energy it contains.”
“Where is the Gold Avocado?”
“I won’t tell.  I’m sure the psychics are listening.  You need to find it on your own.”  There was a short silence.  “Remember I told you hope is the thing with feathers?  It remains to be seen if it’s because it soars … or because it flies away.”

----

Brianna examined the three two by fours underneath the Hass Avocados.  She put her hand beneath each one and combed it, hoping the find something stuck underneath.  Nothing.  She put the plywood board down, and the avocados back into their normal positions.  From across the store a woman was watching her suspiciously.  Brianna gave her a little smile and then scanned the rest of the avocado labels.  Rey had said Huxley and Der wrote “a Hass Avocado” on the parking lot with sticks.  If her guess was right, it was Spring manipulating them.  She was guessing it was a clue.
There, at the end of the row of avocado varieties was another box of Hass Avocados.  Only the writing that indicated the variety was written in purple.  Brianna made her way over to the avocados -- these were in the corner, the plywood triangular.  She set her wooden basket down and looked around.  The suspicious woman had turned her attention elsewhere.  Brianna lifted up the plywood and saw there was only one two-by-four.  She ran her hand underneath it and … then she found it.  There was something taped on.  Her heart thumping, she scratched the tape and got it loose. She peeled off the tape, making sure not to drop anything.  It was a key.  On the tape was written: “For Rey Naresh.”
She pocketed it and walked out of the store.  The Chevy Equinox was parked at the end of the street.  She needed to take the train back to Leander in an hour.  That would give her enough time.  She drove off, out of South Pemota, and downtown.  The day was cold and she dreaded getting out of the car.  The Pemota Post Office was located on Pleasant St.  She parked, went inside, and stood there for a few moments, just looking around the post office, wondering if her hunch would pay off.  Then she took a breath and walked over to the post office boxes.  She found the L’s.  Then she scanned them.  She found L-95.  She put the key in the slot and turned.  It opened.  And there, inside, was Spring’s Gold Avocado.
It was light gold, shiny.  Brianna took it out and put it in the inside pocket of her jacket.  She locked the box and stood up.  She looked around to see if there was anyone watching.  A man with a Fedora checked his mail, seemingly oblivious.  Across the room, in the corner, a woman flipped through a set of envelopes focused on the task.  Brianna turned, took another deep breath, and walked towards the door.  As she exited, two Mercedes E-class sedans pulled up to the opposite curbs -- surrounding her.  A big man in a black overcoat got out of the one to Brianna’s diagonal right.  Brianna turned and began walking quickly in the opposite direction.  But then the door on the other Mercedes opened and another man got out.  He didn’t look friendly.

----

“Inez said, he has no idea what L-95 is,” Rey said.
Aba paused for a few moments.  “We aren’t sure who’s listening.  My advice to you is to go find the basement at Pemota High.  Then you’ll understand everything.”
“How do you get into it?”
“Frank told me he’ll leave the door unlocked.  Once you’re in the janitor’s closet there’s a bottle of Lysol and a dishrag.  You pull on the Lysol, then the dishrag, and then the dishrag again.  It will open a door with a small elevator inside.”
“Anything else we should know?”
Aba didn’t say anything for a short time.  Then she said, “Don’t get killed.  Good luck.”  She hung up.
Rey was short of breath.  He looked at Isabel’s fearful look in her eye.  She’d heard everything Aba said.  They both knew now for sure that Alexa was a psychopath.

----

Brianna was being held at gun point.  The man in the black overcoat had put a gun to her stomach and ushered her into the Mercedes.  “I believe you have Spring’s Gold Avocado in your possession,” he’d said.  “Come with me.”  Then once she was in the car he patted her down and withdrew the Gold Avocado from her jacket.  Now, he had his gun on her and he hit the driver on the shoulder.  “Get us outta here.”
His cell-phone rang and he pulled it out of his jacket and flipped it open.
“You got the avocado?”  Alexa asked.
“Yeah.  We’ve got it.”
“Bring the avocado to the electric company.  Bring Brianna to the C-room.  They’ll never look for her there.  And don’t let her out of your sight.”

Chapter 19

Isabel wanted to wait awhile longer before going to the police.  Spring’s journey wasn’t over, Rey had said.  And some of the police were on Alexa’s side.  They had yet to come to that final image: the house with the turret -- “this is the tomb.”  Isabel said that as soon as they spoke to the police Alexa would vanish without a trace, and she’d be just as likely to kill them then as she was now.  Isabel was planning on writing an expose on Alexa, the police, and the administration.  On Tuesday, before Rey went to school, Isabel told him she wanted him to call her in between every class and she gave him a container of mace.  He decided to keep it in his pants pocket.
Christy hadn’t gotten much sleep.  She almost fell asleep on the locker next to Rey’s before the first bell rang.  Christy told Rey that Brianna didn’t come home last night.  Radelle was in tears and had called the police five times.  The police said she wasn’t a missing person until twenty-four hours had gone by.  Christy wanted to know what Rey thought they should do.  Rey was angry.  He told her that they had other problems and he explained what had happened yesterday when Isabel had him stay home from school -- about the phone call with Aba.  He told Christy the two of them were going to check out the basement during C period and they should find someone to make sure no one saw them go in or out.
Christy suggested they ask Fynn.  On Friday, when they had ate lunch in woodshop with Fynn, they told him how Alexa Bartlett used to be the principal of Pemota High.  Fynn told them about his plans.  He said he was going to go tell Ms. Parker that he’d reveal the truth about her past unless she did something to get the administration to reverse its course of action.  That was how he planned on fighting back.  Christy said they could be sure Fynn wasn’t on Alexa’s side and he would be a good choice to stand watch while they checked out the basement.
Rey had forgotten that today was the day Brianna had planned on getting revenge on Ms. Parker.  Today, was the day of the fire drill.  When it began ringing, Rey was in Earth Science, and he considered walking away from the group, but when he made a move to, Ms. Godfrey told him to get back in line.  When Christy, Rey, and Fynn, met up after B period, Rey was on the phone with Isabel.
“We had a fire drill, but we’re okay.  I’ll call you after C period.”
“Rey.  Don’t forget.  I’ll be waiting.”  Isabel was at The Pemota Gazette.
As the hallway grew deserted, they made their way to the Sophomore’s side of the school where one of the several janitor’s closets was located.  This one was unlocked like Frank had said it would be.  There were cleaning wipes, degreasers, glass cleaning detergents, toilet bowl cleaners, and there, opposite them, was a drain on the floor, and a bottle of Lysol on the wooden rack adjacent.
“There’s the Lysol,” Rey said.  “Ready?”
Christy went back to the door and looked out both ways to see no one except Fynn.  She closed the door.  “Okay,” she said.
Rey walked over to the Lysol and pulled on it.  It only came an inch off the rack, it was attached by a string.  Then he pulled on the dishrag, attached by the same type of string, and on the dishrag again.  To the left of the rack was a drain on the floor in front of a wall of tiles with deep grooves in between them.  The wall dropped down into a hole in the floor.  Rey found himself surprised by how light the wall seemed.  Beyond it, was a steel elevator.  It was small compared to most elevators Rey had seen.  Christy walked forward towards it.
“Is Fynn still out there?”  Rey asked.
She nodded.  “Come on.”
They got into the elevator wondering if the wall would close back up.  It did.  The elevator descended.  When it stopped they were imprisoned on all four sides.  They both looked around for a button.  Then Christy found it -- on the wall next to her.  It was purple.  She pressed it and the wall dropped down into the floor like the one upstairs had.  That was when they saw the entire room.
The room was enormous, and all four walls were purple.  On the wall perpendicular to them was an exit that seemed to lead to a hallway.  In front of them, were the rows of tables.  To Christy it reminded her of a museum.  The only other time she could remember seeing a room so big was in a gymnasium but the ceiling there was higher.  Here, there were tables, fifteen rows, waist high.  On each row, were twenty displays.  There were names in front of the displays.  And behind those were decaying avocados.  They were spotted with brown in some cases, and contained large brown areas on others.  Next to each name was a number.  From 01 to 300.
“What do you think the numbers mean?”  Christy asked.
“Do you remember the assembly on the second day of school?”
“Yeah.”
“Do you remember what seat number you were sitting in?”
“Yeah.  Annette told me that the seat number was my age: 15.”
Rey walked over to Christy’s avocado.  It was spotted brown, and behind it was an 8-ball.  “Annette was sitting next to you?”  Rey looked at Annette’s avocado.  It was spotted brown 
also.  Behind it was a DVD of The Wizard of Oz.
“She said she was watching The Wizard of Oz in her mind,” Christy said.  “She mentioned something to me about that movie at the beginning of the school year.”
“Let me find mine,” Rey said.  He walked over to an avocado near the center of the room.  Behind it was a plastic Timberland logo.  “I bet I can find Huxley’s,” Rey said.  He paused for a second, trying to remember where Huxley was sitting during the assembly.  He walked among the rows of tables until he found him.  Sure enough, behind Huxley’s decaying avocado was a stencil of the words “American Bully.”  It seemed there was one personal item for each person.  There was Fordel Garza’s avocado.  Behind it was a tie.  Peter Laft had a chess piece behind his.  James Owens had a pair of suspenders.  Holly North -- always the gossip sort -- had a folded note.
Christy was standing there, struck by the amazing spectacle of it all.  “This is why,” she said, remembering the image of a garden of decaying avocados, Rey saw during the EMDR session.  “If this is why, why don’t we just replace all the avocados?”
“It looks like some of them already have been replaced,” Rey said.  He showed her avocados 300 to 213 then.  None of those avocados were blemished.
That was when two police men emerged from the entryway on the side of the room.  Rey and Christy turned back to the elevator quickly and saw Fynn standing in it.  When they saw his face, they both knew he had betrayed them.  One police officer pulled out a walkie-talkie and the other one pulled out a gun.  Christy looked around, terrified.  The one on the right, Rey recognized as Hunter Bordare -- the one whom he’d spoken to when Huxley handed him the cell-phone.  The one of the left had a buzz cut and a long nose.
Fynn smiled.  “Sorry guys.”
“I thought you were on our side,” Christy said.
“I told my parents about you,” Fynn said.  “They say you guys don’t have a bug’s chance in an ocean of winning against Alexa.  But if I go with Alexa they’ll use the money to hire a private investigator.  I want to win too.”  Fynn pressed the button on the wall and then he was gone.
“You said you’d back off, Rey.  Not a very honest fellow are you?”  Hunter Bordare said.
Rey turned around.  “Didn’t mean to hurt your feelings.”
“You didn’t.”  He pressed the button on his walkie-talkie and said into it, “They’re right here.”
Alexa’s voice came through loudly.  “Don’t kill them.  I walk to talk to them.”
“You got it.”
Rey looked around the room, trying to devise an escape.  He thought it would be unlikely they would shoot him, after Alexa had told them not to.  But the hallway probably led to the Pemota Community Center.  That was where Brianna had said they were having the policeman’s cook out today.  And they didn’t know if those police could be trusted.
“Missing the cook out?”  Rey asked.
“Steaks should be ready in twenty-minutes,” Hunter Bordare said.  “We’ll be done with you by then.”
“Where’s Brianna?”  Christy asked.  Tears came to her eyes.  “Is my sister dead?”
“We’re not murderers.  But what’s at stake is bigger than you, and you should realize that by now.”
They turned and saw Alexa standing in the elevator.  She was dressed all in black, including the black sunglasses perched on her upper forehead.  When combined with her dark eyes, and makeup-less face, she resembled a shadow on a wall.  Alexa stepped towards them, until she was a couple feet away from the two of them.  Then she slapped Rey in the face.
Rey looked at her in shock.
“I didn’t want to have to do this.  You are aware that I can kill you anytime I want and disappear.  I have half of Washington in my back pocket.  And two measly little ninth graders are getting under my skin.  Now, give me the cell-phone.”
“The cell-phone?”  Rey asked.  Then he reached into his front pocket and handed it to her.
Alexa went through the pictures on it, until she found the one of Viola.  Then, she deleted it.
“Why are you doing this?”  Christy asked.  “We know you killed Spring.  What’s your problem?”
“When every challenged child simply needs to take a pill to be smart, it will be a perfect world.”
“You’re like this because of your daughter, Zara,” Rey said.  “Right?”
Alexa’s eyeballs seemed to protrude.  “We tried everything.  ECT, drugs.  Nothing helped.  And now we have a chance to eradicate it forever.  A perfect world forever.  How can you not see?  Cell-phone?”  Christy reached into her backpack and withdrew her cell-phone, then handed it to Alexa.  Alexa placed both cell-phones into her pocket.  “Take their backpacks.”
Hunter Bordare took Rey and Christy’s backpacks.  “Put them in the C-room, with Brianna,” Alexa said.
Rey’s cell-phone rang.  Alexa took the cell-phone out of her pocket and looked at the name on the display.  Isabel.  After one ring, it went straight to voicemail.  Alexa stood there staring at the display.  Then a notice popped up: one new voicemail.  Alexa flipped the phone open and held down the number 1.
They could hear Isabel’s voice from a couple feet away.  “Rey.  The nurse said you fainted.  I don’t know if this is true.  She said she has you resting and I should pick you up.”
Rey called out, “Mom!”
“I’m going to go check out the electric company.  So I won’t pick you up for a couple hours.  Call as soon as you can.”
Alexa closed the phone.  “I thought a family meeting was in order.  But there’s been a slight change of plan.  Put them in the C-room and I’ll go take care of Isabel at Pemota Electric.”

----

Fynn walked into Health Class ten minutes late.
“Oh, here’s Fynn.”  Ms. Parker took out her attendance book.  “You have a pass Fynn?
“No.”
Ms. Parker shook her head.  “Fynn you wouldn’t by any chance know what happened to Rey Naresh would you?”
“Haven’t seen him.”
“This is the second day Rey has been absent.  Annette, you’re friends with Rey.  Is he sick?”
“I heard he was suspended,” Dara said.
“He wanted me to get his assignments from you,” Annette said, “but last I heard the suspension was revoked.”
“Annette.  Why don’t you tell us what you know about Rey’s suspension,” Ms. Parker said.  “I did see that newsletter.”
“It’s not really my place to tell.”
“Well, I think we’ve all come to know each other quite well, seeing as what Brianna Lane did, why don’t you share.”
“Well, the administration is trying to harness electromagnetic energy.  And there’s a substance in Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs which is affecting our minds.  And Claudette Laurie and a woman named Alexa Bartlett want to change High School forever with a medication that affects brain functioning.”
“I heard the woman, Alexa, is a billionaire,” Blair Carlyle said.
“I suppose I’m the last one to hear about all this,” Ms. Parker said.
“I thought today was the day we were supposed to pretend to go along with Brianna’s plan,” Fynn said.
“Brianna and I came to a compromise.  You shouldn’t be hearing about that again.  What do you say we talk to the police about this business?”
“Christy told me some of the police are in on it,” Annette said.
“I heard there’s a policeman’s cook-out at the Pemota Community Center today,” Dara Switely volunteered.
“Let’s take a walk,” Ms. Parker said, as she stood up.  “After all, we are supposed to be learning about the dangers of drugs.”

----

Hunter Bordare walked behind Rey and Christy, a gun to their backs, as they left the room with the avocados and headed down the hallway.  Christy saw three doors ahead, and noticed the walls were stenciled with pictures of lemon trees.  She had a stomach full of nerves as she worried about Brianna’s well-being.  Hunter stopped them in front of the C-room.  Each letter for each room had something written underneath it.  Beneath the letter C were the words, “Achievement Oriented.”  Beneath the B, was the word, “Special.”  Beneath the letter A was the word, “Sweet.”
As Hunter Bordare opened the door, Brianna came into view.  She was seated in a high-backed chair -- one of many surrounding the board room table.  Behind her the wall had been pulled back, revealing another room, and on the ground was a twin mattress -- the bed was unmade.  Christy felt her eyes tear up when she saw Brianna.  Brianna didn’t have her glasses, her hair was on her shoulders, and she had bags under her eyes.  Christy remarked that Brianna was different -- her guard was gone.  Hunter Bordare closed the door after they entered the room, and they could hear the lock click into place from outside.
“Brianna are you all right?”  Christy said.
Brianna sat up slightly.  “Christy.  Does Mom know you’re here?”
“No, but Rey’s Mom is going to figure it out soon.  What happened to you?”
Brianna said urgently, “She wants it to be like a police state where the police monitor every school in the country and make sure students are taking their meds and conforming to the archetypes.  The three rooms are for the police.  So they can decide how to govern the school.”
Christy walked around to the other side of the table and pulled out a chair.  She sat down.  Rey sat on the table on the same side as Brianna.
“Did you find the avocado?”  Christy asked.
Brianna nodded.  “It was in a P.O. Box that said L-95.  Aba Brule’s letter was just a clue.”
“What are they going to do to us?”  Rey asked.
“When the week is up, Alexa will kill us,” Brianna said.
Christy put her arms on the table, and rested her head on them.  The three of them were silent.  Then Christy looked up at Brianna.  “You haven’t been watching us in your mind?”
“You guys don’t have enough Avocadonine.  There’s a giant glass tank of it at the electric company.  We had to sit and wait when one of Alexa’s guys told her Spring was saying something.  Then Alexa took me to the control room.  I saw the monitor state what Spring was saying.  Inez told us the truth about that.  Spring says if anyone turns off the power grid the students will be brain dead and the ones that continue to drink Hochus Mochus and Mountain Springs will have a couple years left to live and then they’ll just die.  Those students are the Avocadites.”
Christy sounded deeply depressed.  “God.”
She turned to them.  “Alexa believes in God.  And she set up a test to decide the fate of the ninth grade in the entire country.”
“What’s the test?”  Rey asked.

----

Viola was staring at six avocados arranged like bowling pins on the card table in the house with the turret.  One of them was gold.  And the other five were different varieties.  Viola didn’t know what varieties.  Huxley, Der, and Joe didn’t either.  The four of them were skipping class and had been led to the house with the turret by a police officer.  He stood in the corner of the room watching the four of them.
“You will choose,” he said.
“Why?”  Viola asked.
“What avocado you choose will indicate the course of action Alexa takes.  It is Alexa’s wish that you choose whatever you desire.  It is a test.”
Viola turned to him.  “Do I get to keep the one I choose?”
“No,” the man said.
Viola stood in front of the table.  She looked around at Huxley, Der, and Joe, who were stone-faced.  “Go ahead,” Huxley said.
“Call it exercise,” Der said.
Huxley and Joe laughed.
Viola reached forward and put her hand on one of the avocados.  She lifted it up and stood there with it, looking down at it.

----

Brianna told Rey and Christy what Alexa had told her about the test.  The six avocados were the Gold Avocado, the Hass Avocado, and four other varieties.  “That’s why Alexa wanted the Gold Avocado,” Brianna said.  “For the test.  If Viola chooses one of the four other varieties it will signify randomness and Alexa will proceed with her plan of creating a medication.  She’s hoping Viola chooses the Hass Avocado which means she’ll still proceed with her plan.  If Viola chooses the Gold Avocado, it will mean loyalty to Spring and Alexa is going to fight back against God for giving her Zara by turning off the grid.”
“So if she shuts off the grid, all the ninth graders in the country are in trouble,” Christy said.
“We have to stop her,” Brianna said.
Rey nodded.  “Yeah.  We do.”  Then he said to himself, “’The Avocadites don’t care about what makes us human, what’s still left for us in the garden.’  What’s still left for us in the garden of avocados is our uniqueness.  It’s because of Alexa that all the avocados are decaying.  Like Spring said.”
“We’re probably going to die,” Brianna said.
At that moment, they heard the sound of the lock on the door clicking.  The door opened and Frank Brule stood there, a smile on his face, and a big garbage bag in his hand full of something.  “Let’s go,” he said.
“Hey Frank,” Rey said.  The three of them ran towards the door.  “Where’s Hunter?”
“At the cook-out,” Frank said.  “Come on.  This way.”  As they walked out into the hallway, Frank explained there was another exit and he told them someone should stay behind.  When they stared at him blankly, Frank said, “I guess it’s gonna be me.”

----

Marv Core was wearing a black shirt and blue jeans.  He was seated at a picnic table behind the Pemota Community Center.  Ms. Parker had seen him at the town fairs and knew his face.  The other members of her Health Class were apprehensive about speaking with the police.  Ironically, the police looked just as worried when they saw the class.  Ms. Parker’s Health Class came to a standstill -- Ms. Parker at the head.  Marv reluctantly stood up, mopped his lips with a napkin, and made his way towards them.
He extended his hand for Ms. Parker to shake.  “Huxley, all right?”
Ms. Parker shook his hand.  “Actually, we need to talk to you about the entire ninth grade, Mr. Core.  Is there some place we can talk?  Where my students can wait?”
“Absolutely.  Right this way.”  He put his hand on Ms. Parker’s shoulder and waved the eyes of the police officers off, giving them a disapproving look.
“It’s come to my attention this past week.  I think Annette could explain everything best.  Annette will you join us?”
“Sure.”  Annette shrugged.  “Christy said we weren’t going to talk to the police, but I don’t know where Rey is, so I probably should.”
They entered the Community Center and Marv turned into the workout room.  There was a small office where they would sit and talk.  Ms. Parker told the class, the three of them would be right back.  Len Mears walked over to the bench press and the rest of the class scattered around the room.
“Shoot,” Marv said.
Annette saw fear behind his facade, no doubt, he was wondering what Huxley had done this time.
“I’m sorry to do this Mr. Core.  I have a daughter and I know how it feels to worry.  But I want you to know that we’re not here to chastise Huxley.  This is something that seems much bigger than that.”
Marv leaned forward on the desk.  “Huxley, has been more and more distant this year.  And to be honest I’d just be relieved to know what’s going on.”
“He forges his report cards with paper from town hall,” Annette said.
“What kind of grades does he get?”  Marv asked.
“B’s is what I heard,” Annette said.
“Well, there seems to be some conspiracy among the administration and a woman named Alexa Bartlett.  That’s what we’re here to tell you about.”  Ms. Parker turned to Annette.  “Annette?”
Annette explained everything she knew, deliberately omitting the details about the mercenaries on the police force.  Ms. Parker seemed to notice, deciding that Annette was making a smart decision.  There were more important matters in play.
When Annette had finished speaking, Marv made a whistling sound.  “You realize this is a matter that is best diffused carefully.  I mean the scientific community alone is going to want to know everything.  To say nothing of the entire world.  As far as I’m concerned, this matter doesn’t need to leave this room.”
“Mr. Core,” Ms. Parker said.  “How many people find out about this is not the important thing to me.  The problem is the mental and emotional state of half the ninth graders in the country.  And Alexa is out there, using the Avocadonine to drastically alter the minds of all of them.  And something must be done to end this as soon as possible.”
“Fine.  I’m in agreement.”
There was a knock at the door.
“Come in?”  Ms. Parker said.
The door opened and Fynn stood there.  “Guys.  Rey Naresh and Christy Lane are in trouble.”

----

Frank pressed a button on the wall and a man-hole cover opened into the lawn behind Pemota High.  Frank handed a cell-phone to Rey.  “Call your Mom,” he said.  Rey, Christy, and Brianna climbed up a ladder out of the underground complex.  When they’d exited, Frank pressed the button again and the man-hole cover closed.  Frank threw his bag over his shoulder and made his way towards the room with the avocados.
“I’m going to the Community Center,” Brianna said.
“Be careful who you talk to,” Christy said.  “Some of them are with Alexa.”
“I know,” Brianna said.  “Good luck.”
Brianna broke into a run.  Rey and Christy looked around to get there bearings.  The Pemota Community Center was fifty yards away, and Pemota High a short jaunt in the opposite direction.  
“Let’s go to my house,” Christy said.  “Your Mom can pick us up.”
Rey nodded.  “If Alexa hasn’t gotten to her yet.”  Rey typed the number into the phone and called.

----

A sign on the desk read, “Carl Haget:  Department Head.”  The office was large.  A Golden Retriever lay beside the desk on a maroon carpet.  The carpet was reminiscent of one from an old motel.  Isabel sat across from Carl.  Behind him was a bulletin board and a diploma from Pemota Regional High School.  Carl shuffled some papers that were scattered around the desk.  Isabel was explaining that she intended to write a human interest story on a worker in the power plant -- a day-in-the-life expose.  She wanted a tour of the facilities.
“I’m afraid that won’t be possible, Miss Naresh.  The facilities are hazardous to one who is untrained with the equipment and our insurance simply isn’t adequate to afford such a risk.”
“Can I see the safer areas?  Some of the facility is safe.  This office is safe.”
“Who did you say this was for?” Carl asked.
“I’m a staff writer at The Pemota Gazette.”  Isabel withdrew a tape recorder from her jacket.  “Do you mind?”
Carl shifted uneasily in his chair.  “And what did you say your name was?”
“Isabel Naresh.”
“I really do need to get back to work, Miss Naresh.  I don’t mean to be rude.  But I really can’t talk to you today.”
Isabel was staring at the diploma on the wall from Pemota High.  “What year did you graduate from Pemota Regional High School?”
“A long time ago.  Late 1970’s.”
“Do you remember who the principal was when you were there?”
“I’m afraid I don’t.  Now…”
Isabel’s cell-phone rang.  She looked at the caller’s number.  She didn’t recognize it.  She decided to answer anyway.  “Hello?”
“Mom.  I’m not at the nurse’s office.  Alexa heard the voicemail you sent and she’s coming for you.  Right now.  She’s coming to kill you.”
“Okay.  Where are you?  I’m coming to get you.”
“We’re going to Christy’s.  We’ll meet you there.  Get out of there now.”
Isabel hung up.  “Looks like you’re right.  We can’t talk today.  We’ll have to continue this some other time.  Thank you, Mr. Haget.  I’ll show myself out.”
“You’re not leaving anytime soon, Miss Naresh.”  Carl was out of his chair.

----

Frank Brule was replacing the avocados.  He’d bought hundreds of Hass Avocados from the supermarket and had started replacing them a few days ago.  He marveled that even when Alexa was standing in this room, right here, she didn’t notice some of the avocados had been replaced.  If it was like Spring said, and the decaying avocados were motivating the mental and emotional state of the ninth grade, replacing the avocados made sense.  As Frank went one by one, avocado after avocado, he thought about what impact his note on Rey’s math book at the beginning of the school year had had.  Frank had paid Rey’s math teacher 200 dollars to give Rey that book.  He’d written “The Avocadites are Watching You” thinking it would motivate Rey further along the journey Spring intended.  It had.  He was on avocado number 22 and moving quickly.  In a few more minutes, all the avocados would be replaced.

----

The police officer had gotten into his car parked across from Sage Court, and Viola was walking back to school.  He’d explained to Viola and Nadine’s Puppies what the test had been.  Huxley, Der, and Joe were skipping a second class, rejoining a few seniors on the Smoker’s Corner.  Joe lit up a cigarette, and Der kicked some dirt around absentmindedly.  They were still waiting for a call from Alexa to tell her what avocado Viola chose.  Then, Huxley’s cell-phone rang.
“Is it Alexa?”  Der asked.
Huxley looked at the phone number.  “It’s my Dad.”
“Huxley, what are you doing?”  Marv asked.
“Just got out of class.  Getting some books from my locker.”
“What have you been up to today?”
“Eh, just a lot of freakin’ school work.”
“I don’t like what I’ve been hearing.”
Huxley looked at Der.  “What have you been hearing?”
There was a short silence.  “We’re gonna have a long talk today.  I’ve been talking with Annette Oslow and Carolyn Parker.  I know about the tattoo and Alexa Bartlett.  I’m not happy.  You hear?”
“Yeah, Dad.  Yeah.  I hear.”
“You may be in some very serious trouble.”
“You’ll just have to cover it up.  Like you did with Stella’s.”
“Come to the Community Center and we’ll talk about it.”
“I still gotta talk to Alexa.”
“You need to get your priorities straight.  The entire administration is colluding one this.  From the sound of things Alexa is a murderer.  We’re talking big news.”
“Let me just tell Alexa what Viola chose, and then we’ll come on over.”
“What did she choose?”
Der and Joe were staring at Huxley trying to make out what Marv was saying.  “She chose the Hass Avocado.  Alexa is not going to shut off the power to the town.  The medication is still the plan.”
“Come to the Community Center.  And bring your friends.”

----

The door opened and Alexa stood there.  She smiled and perched her sunglasses on her forehead.  “Hello, Isabel.  I’d like my Star Sapphire back seeing as you’re of no help to me.”
“It’s in a safety deposit box with an entire article explaining your involvement in the events the past few months,” Isabel said, daggers in her eyes.  “You kill me and everyone finds out about it.”
“Wouldn’t be a bluff now, would it?”
A knock at the door caused Alexa to turn around.  She opened the door a few inches.  Isabel heard a man say, “Helicopter’s here, Miss Bartlett.”
“I’m going someplace they’ll never look for me,” Alexa said.  “My employees will carry out my plans.  Your threat is insignificant.”
Carl said, “Spring said something today, Miss Bartlett.”
Alexa looked over at Carl.  “What pray tell?”
“She said to turn off the power grid at 12:46.”
“Now, why would Spring want me to turn off the grid?”
“It’s 12:40 right now.”
“I’m calling Huxley,” Alexa said, as she pointed a gun at Isabel.  “I want to find out what Viola chose.”

----

Rey and Christy were rounding Pemota High.  The Smokers Corner was in the distance.  Huxley, Der, and Joe were the only ones there.  Huxley saw them and called out, “Rey and Christy, how’s the suspension going?”
Christy and Rey ran towards the three of them.  “We’re not suspended,” Christy said.  Rey and Christy had their hands on their knees.  They were out of breath.
Joe was looking at them searchingly.  “She chose the Hass Avocado.”
“She did?”  Christy asked.
“Tell us what you know,” Joe said.  “Tell us about Spring.”
“Why don’t you tell us what you know,” Rey said.  “Why did you call me after Stella’s?”
Joe dropped some ashes on the ground.  “There was a key with your name on it.  Huxley and Der found it.”
“We know about it,” Rey said.
“Brianna is going to talk to the police,” Christy said.  “Say your goodbyes now.  You’re all in serious trouble.”
“Well, maybe we’ll just kill you and disappear,” Huxley said.
“There’s a lot of people that know,” Christy said.  “And Alexa doesn’t care about you.  Spring’s on our side.”
Joe nodded thoughtfully.  “Yeah.  That’s what it sounds like.”
“Like I said,” Huxley said.  “We’ll slit your throat and leave you on a clothesline to dry.”  Huxley’s cell-phone rang.  “Hey Alexa.  Rey and Christy are right here.”
“How in the hell?  Fine.  Why don’t you do it.  Use your switchblade.”
“Wait.  What?”  Huxley asked.
“Kill him.  Slit his throat.  They’ve been causing way too much trouble.”
Huxley paused.  “I, uh, don’t want to kill him.”
“Well, why on earth not?”  Alexa said.  “You tell Rey he can kill himself or I kill Isabel.”
They could hear the sound of the Golden Retriever barking in the background.  
Huxley said to Rey, “She said you can kill yourself or she kills Isabel.”
“What did Viola choose?” Alexa asked Huxley.
Rey looked Huxley in the eye.  In that look was all the decency they both wanted in their hearts.  “Tell her she chose the Gold Avocado,” Rey said.
Huxley swallowed.  His eyes darted around.  Then he said to Alexa, “She chose the Gold Avocado.”
“Fine,” Alexa said to Carl, “Shut off the grid.”
Rey turned to Christy and said, “It’s okay.  Frank replaced all the avocados.”
The Golden Retriever continued to bark.  “Shut that thing up,” Alexa said.
Rey could hear a man call out, “Shut off the grid.  No power to the whole town.”

----

As Isabel stood there, she contemplated the end of her life.  From the corner of the room, the Golden Retriever continued to bark at Alexa.  Isabel thought the dog was reacting to the gun.  They could hear a man from downstairs call up, “Grids down.”  At that moment, the Golden Retriever leapt at Alexa, biting into her hand, and making her drop the gun.  Isabel wasted no time.  She picked the gun up and pointed it back and forth at Carl and Alexa.  The Golden Retriever was now on the floor with Alexa.  The dog dug its teeth into her neck drawing blood.  But Isabel knew that wouldn’t be enough.  She fired a bullet into Alexa’s shoulder.  The dog bit harder, shaking its head back and forth with vigor.  Then Isabel fired a bullet into Alexa’s head.  She pointed the gun at Carl and backed out of the office.

----

A short while after Rey heard the gun shots, his cell-phone rang.  It was Isabel.  
“Rey?’’
“Mom.  Are you okay?”
“Yeah.  Alexa’s dead.  Let’s talk to Marv Core immediately.”
“Marv Core is at the Community Center.”
“I’ll meet you there.”  She hung up.
Rey looked at Huxley, Der, and Joe and shrugged.  “Spring won.”
Huxley looked ambivalent.  Then he extended his hand to Rey.  “Peace,” he said.
Rey shook his hand.  “Peace.”
Huxley turned to Der and Joe.  “Let’s go talk to my Dad.  You guy’s coming?”  He asked Rey and Christy.
“Yeah,” Rey said.  “We are.”  It was over.

Chapter 20

On this fine Friday night, Sam Patton and Viola Specks were at the reservoir with Mike, Rey, Christy, and Annette.  Marv had decided to shepherd the cover up.  They buried Alexa in the house with the turret just like Spring had wanted.  The lemon trees were left untouched, cut down and lying on the grass.  They had a closed casket funeral for Alexa which brought with it numerous politicians who were all told she had died of a heart attack.  Rey and Christy didn’t attend the funeral, but visited the tomb with a sense of wonder over what Spring had done.
The sky was clear and the moon shown brightly.  Crickets could be heard chirping as they walked to the reservoir and now as they sat around the fire.  Viola wanted to drink Coke because she thought alcohol was disgusting.  Sam Patton had his arm around her.  As it turned out, Sam had liked Viola all along but didn’t ask her out.  It was because Der knew Sam liked Viola that Nadine’s Puppies had decided to play Unchained Melody.  Christy encouraged Sam to ask her out and when he did, Viola happily agreed.  They had been dating for a few weeks and Annette invited them to the reservoir.
It had been an eventful couple weeks.  Ryan O’toole won first place in the Pemota Film Festival and most of the ninth grade had seen his movie.  Rey asked Ryan if he could help with the next one.  In addition, Mr. Chandon and Miss Calida got married.  Rey and Christy went to the wedding and Rey asked Mr. Chandon if he could give a toast.  Rey decided to say a bit about respecting each other’s differences and wished Mr. Chandon and Miss Calida the best.
Mr. Chandon stood up and said, “Rey thinks he can get an ‘A’ next quarter for that speech.  Well, he’s right.”
At the reservoir, Annette reached into her backpack and withdrew an avocado.  She handed it to Rey.  Rey took the avocado and paused, choosing his words.  Everyone sat in silence.  “My Mom decided not to sell the Star Sapphire.  I guess she figures that with all that money I won’t have the drive to do anything with my life.  I guess the most important thing to remember at our age, because it’s too easy to get sucked in, sucked into the abyss or whatever, is avoiding the things that make you lose yourself.  When I look back to the beginning of the school year, I guess I didn’t really think about things the same way I do now.  I wanted to be an inventor.  Now I don’t know.  But not knowing seems better.  Because I don’t really want to be an inventor.”
Everyone gave a light applause.  “Who’s next?”  Annette said.
Christy handed an avocado to Annette.  “Your turn.”
“My names Annette Oslow.”  Mike and Christy laughed.  Annette paused in thought.  “I didn’t have such a good year this year so far.  It was fun for a lot of people but inside I was scared.  School has always been okay for me.  I like hanging out with Christy and Jenine and I usually feel pretty okay.  I guess sort of getting shaken up this year made me realize what it’s like for a lot of people.  It sucks for a lot of people.  So one of my main goals in high school is to make people feel more comfortable.  I’ve always tried to do that, so that seems natural.  My family has money from Alexa, so high school could seem pretty pointless, but my parents and I have a long way to go before I can ever trust them again, so doing well in school, and making money is going to be really important to me.  I still want to be a graphic artist for a newspaper and I’m reading about that and I think I can be good at it.”
Christy was giving Annette a meaningful look.  After a short while, Annette said, “I didn’t want to invite Christy to things because it made me feel too ordinary to have Christy there with me.  I’m always the partier and Christy seems that way to.  There’s not room enough for both of us.  So I want to be more aware of why I’m doing the things I’m doing.  Because self-awareness is freedom.”
Everyone gave another light applause.  Rey reached into his backpack and pulled out Spring’s Gold Avocado.  “Mr. Chandon said I should give it to you, Viola.”
There was silence as they waited for Viola to speak.
“I don’t know what to say.”
“Say whatever you want,” Annette said.  “Whatever you say is fine.”
Viola took a deep breath.  “This year wasn’t easy for me so far and my father didn’t get money from Alexa.”  She paused.  “When I was in the house with the turret getting tattooed by Huxley, I kept thinking that all I wanted was to get along with my father.  I didn’t care about the tattoo.  I didn’t think a boy would ever like me.  Now that me and Sam are going out, my father is treating me different.  And we’re seeing a therapist together.”
“Tell us about you,” Annette said.
“I hate high school.  But after what Spring did I started thinking about things.  I got back on the volleyball team.  And I’m trying to get good grades so I can go to a good college.  When I was little, a group of girls tried to fight me on the playground.  My father said he wanted to know who they were and then he spoke to my teacher about it.  I felt like he really cared about me.  And that was all that mattered to me.  So this year, when it seemed like he didn’t, I really didn’t care what happened to me.  Now I care again.  And caring is something that I want to spend my life doing.  Caring about myself, I guess.  Even if people around me don’t.”
“That was good,” Annette said.
“Remember how a few months ago, all we talked about was random stuff like the difference between a cheetah and a jaguar?”  Rey said.  Everyone laughed.  He raised his drink.  “Here’s to Spring Stone.”
“May she rest in peace,” Annette added.  Annette raised her beer for a toast.  “I want to give a toast to the best setter in the ninth grade.  We won.  We rock.”  The Pemota Volleyball team was 10-3.  Annette clicked her beer against Viola’s Coke and everyone raised their drink.  Rey was drinking an iced tea which he had decided was his new favorite drink.  No more Looza Avocado.  When Jocelyn heard what had happened at Pemota High, she sent Rey a bottle of iced tea with a note that said, “Thank you.  From me and Spring.”
Viola raised her Coke for another toast.  “To tenth grade being even cooler.”
They all nodded.  Rey took a sip of iced tea.  Everyone sat in silence for a few moments.  Rey thought of the Ponderosa Pines all around them, each with a new annual ring, each tree different than the others, like human spirits, soaring with hope – a miniature revolution inside each and every one.
