



Harmony’s Echo
Love Reincarnated

By H.F. Meadow




Text Copyright © 2014 H.F. Meadow
Distributed by Smashwords

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com or your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights are reserved to the author. No part of this eBook may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews.

This is a work of fiction. Names, character, places and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events or locales is entirely coincidental.

Harmony’s Echo :  Love Reincarnated
Published By: Ancient Soul Traveler
Cover Art © By: Nina Jukica
Email: H.F.Meadow@gmail.com




Dedication
Thank you to my amazing husband who sparked the inspiration for this book. You are my rock and my soul mate.

A special thank you to my wonderful son who gave me the drive to put pen to paper and complete this book. You make me want to follow my dreams and succeed in all aspects of life. I hope I make you proud.


Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
Chapter Twenty Two
Chapter Twenty Three
Chapter Twenty Four
Chapter Twenty Five
Chapter Twenty Six
Chapter Twenty Seven
Chapter Twenty Eight
Chapter Twenty Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty One
Chapter Thirty Two
Chapter Thirty Three
Chapter Thirty Four
Chapter Thirty Five
Chapter Thirty Six
Chapter Thirty Seven
Chapter Thirty Eight
Chapter Thirty Nine
Chapter Forty
Chapter Forty One
Chapter Forty Two
Chapter Forty Three
Chapter Forty Four
Chapter Forty Five
Chapter Forty Six
Chapter Forty Seven
Chapter Forty Eight



Prologue

I’ve waited patiently, dormant for over 5,000 years, and traveling in a comforting, peaceful abyss. I’ve watched amazing changes occur; from the captivating architecture of the pyramids, to the unfortunate attacks on my people. My land that I once knew is long gone, and now is one of the most populous countries in Africa and the Middle East. Egypt was my home long ago. My family was a powerful one. I lived a great life, and once my soul left my body, I decided to stay in this safe haven some may call heaven.  This place I reside is full of others who watch over those on Earth.
I feel it is time to enter that world I once knew, yet again. For centuries, I’ve been floating above, waiting for my one true love. My soul mate, as they’d say, was the love of my life in 3000b.c. I’ve been waiting for him ever since I left my body on Earth. Unsuccessful in being reunited with my love, I’ve often wondered where he’s been since his passing. I believe he’s lived many lives to find me once again. We’ve somehow gone our separate ways, not knowing what has happened to one another. I would give anything to be with my long lost love again.
I’ve endeavored to reconnect with my soul mate for too long, and now it’s time for me to take a risk. I must go back to Earth and find him. But before I do that, I need to envision our past lives together back on Earth, when we were happy, carefree, and head over heels in love. For the strength of our memories will guide me to the right life that I will lead when I enter human life for the second time. I have high hopes that I will be guided to him. It’s time to reflect and gain power from the recollection of our love. For only a love so strong, and so powerful in its wake, can withstand the test of a thousand lifetimes. I will dream now, and go back to the beginning.


Chapter One

My life began as Zahra, in a picturesque town near the Nile River. Zahra, meaning blooming flower, was a name given to me by my parents. They’d said time and time again that I was their little blooming flower. My father, Psamtic, was a highly respected, and now forgotten Pharaoh. My mother, Isis, married my father not out of love, but arrangement. She was my father’s first cousin. Their arranged and incestuous marriage was not uncommon in those days. The parents decided marriage, and marriage to relatives was to keep the royal bloodline as pure as it could be.  In those days, a boy’s Father and Mother would have to approach a girl’s Father and Mother to ask for their approval for her hand in marriage. It was based on wealth, prosperity, the family name, rank in the community, and the same bloodline amongst most royal families.
My father was thought of as part God and part man, as any Pharaoh had been viewed in those times. We lived in what is now known as the first dynasty of ancient Egypt. There were hundreds of rulers that had come and gone. My father was one of the more compassionate and kind rulers of his time. Although a Pharaoh was responsible for all of Egypt, he would delegate men or women to govern different territories of Egypt. Women in Ancient Egypt had the same rights as men. There was equality among men and women, similar to modern day.
Our town was situated right next to the Nile River, as most towns were. The black soil near the Nile River was rich and perfect for the many crops farmers needed to grow and harvest. Egyptians took pride in cleanliness and many would take daily baths in the river. After their baths, they would wear aromatic perfumes, makeup and light clothing. Most clothes were linen, due to the sweltering heat. Slaves and servants wore patterned fabric to differentiate them from the rest of the people.
Most of the homes in our town were made of mud brick, which was not the sturdiest of materials. Temples, pyramids and tombs were made of stone to assure they lasted forever. Each person played an important role in Egypt. There were farmers, craftspeople, soldiers, scribes, priests, and priestesses, to mention a few. Daily life was enjoyable, even for my father’s slaves and servants, who were able to enjoy the good food, drinks and comfortable beds we had to offer. My father made sure everyone was well cared for, especially his own families.
I was an only child from my mother, and spoiled with love and all the pleasures of life that I could have ever dreamed of. My father had three other wives, and sixteen children altogether. My mother was the first of those wives and my father’s Queen. While the other wives had beautiful homes and great wealth, my mother and I lived in the largest palace in our town.  I had a life that people envied at the time. As I grew older, I started to understand the dynamics of my parents’ relationship. They were distant, unaffectionate, withdrawn, and did not seem completely happy in their lives. It seemed as though I was the glue holding them together.  I felt sadness for them, and wished they had the true love that they deserved. I vowed to never marry anyone that did not have my heart. Though this would be a challenge, I made it my life’s one and only mission.
Into my mid teens, my parents were speaking of other parents that had come forth for my hand in marriage. My parents had a plan to only marry me to a blood relative to keep the royal, family bloodline. Although this was a very normal and acceptable tradition amongst royal families, I did not agree with it. The very thought of marrying a relative, whether distant or close, nauseated me.  My stomach ached every time they would mention a family that was interested in me. I could not speak my mind about the issue, but in my heart I knew, this would not be my destiny. I confided in my best friend, Jahir. Jahir and I grew up near one another and were inseparable.  Although Jahir’s family was not wealthy or powerful, my parents had accepted them as close friends. Jahir’s father, Osiris, was a soldier, and the hardest working man my father ever had working for him. Jahir’s mother, Sekhet, was a potter. She was a gentle and loving woman. Always smiling, Sekhet’s warm demeanor and humility was inspiring. Jahir’s father and mother had worked tirelessly to gain respect in the community, and they certainly had achieved that goal.
The day my father had welcomed Osiris into the family was a day that my father would forever be grateful. My father had an accident that particular day while he was overseeing work being done on a pyramid nearby. Because we were not at war at the time, soldiers would do odd jobs like building canals or moving stone. On this particular day, some soldiers were asked to move stone to the pyramid. My father had his prized Jackal with him that day. Somehow, a few of the soldiers had tumbled over each other and fell to the ground. My father was curious as to why this happened, and headed their way to see what the trouble was. He didn’t notice an indent in the ground, and his right foot fell into it. Trying to regain his footing, he fell and his knee hit the sharp edge of a rock. His knee began to bleed, and without hesitation, his Jackal reacted viciously to the sight of the gushing blood. Out of character for the Jackal, he started attacking my father. Osiris had seen the dog trying to attack my father’s leg, so he dropped the stone he was carrying and ran over to my father. Osiris bent over to lift the largest rock he could find, and bravely smashed the Jackal’s head. Although the Jackal was my father’s treasured dog, my father quickly realized that the jackal was threatening his life in that moment. My father felt indebted to Osiris for saving his life. That is when their friendship began.
Jahir and I had become great friends over the years. I confided in Jahir about all the families who asked for my hand in marriage. All of them were wealthy, powerful families. The problem was that I did not feel love for any of the young men that were interested in me. I felt no connection or attraction to them at all. Thankfully, my parents had not shown an interest in any of the families that had come to them thus far. These families were not blood related, and therefore not considered as potential matches. I tried to put these conversations out of sight, out of mind. I did not want to be married yet; especially to someone I was not in love with.
As I matured into my teenage years, my relationship with Jahir grew even closer. My parents did not mind my close friendship with Jahir; they actually encouraged it. They did not believe it to be a threat. They preferred that I spent time with Jahir, because they perceived him as a brother to me, since we had grown up together. They knew he would take care of me and protect me from any trouble, and especially keep me from spending time with other men, which may interfere with their plans to marry me off to a prestigious, blood related and worthy family. Normally, girls would be married with children by the age of sixteen. My parents felt differently about this tradition, and decided to wait and find someone who was worthy of their daughter. I appreciated this, as I was not ready to become a wife and a mother at such a young age.  


Chapter Two

On the eve of my 17th birthday, my parents permitted Jahir to take me out, since the next day was busy with parties and potential suitors. I awaited his arrival with excitement about what the night would bring. I sat in my dazzling room fit for a princess. White ribbon cascaded above my large windows and king sized canopy bed. The bed sheets were made of the finest Egyptian cotton. The marble floors that lined the bedroom dazzled and sparkled as bright as a star lit sky. My safe haven smelled of lotus flowers and sunshine. The bench near the large window was cushioned with the finest feathers my parents could attain. I had a small chest at the foot of my bed that protected all of my belongings. Its legs were carved in the form of Lions Legs. It stood nearly as tall as my bed.
My room overlooked the central courtyard where flowers and fruits and vegetables were grown. Our beautiful home was a rare one in our time. Only the rich could afford such opulent and fascinating housing. Most other Egyptians slept on mattresses on the floor in small and humble homes with sparse furniture.
Suddenly, I heard my father welcoming Jahir inside our home. I jumped off of my bench, dressed in a beautiful full-length white dress and comfortable leather sandals. My long, dark chocolate colored hair gleamed and whirled around effortlessly with every movement. My green eyes were gifts from my great grandmother. My skin was soft and light in color. I wore a gold necklace given to me by my mother and father, earlier that day. It was an early birthday gift that they wanted me to wear on my birthday. It was breathtakingly dazzling. The necklace had charms cascading down in the shape of leaves, and a heart shaped, thick charm in the very middle. My mother said it symbolized my entrance into womanhood and love that would soon come my way. I ran down the stairs and to the front side of our home, feeling beautiful, as my charms jingled angelic music along the way.
Jahir greeted me with a head nod and a warm smile. He wore a white, wrap around skirt, held up by a belt around the waist. He had no sandals, and dark straight hair that sprouted past his ears. He looked of everyday but there was something intriguingly handsome about him. His eyes were dark, but sparkled with the light of the lantern he held in his left hand. His light brown skin looked even darker against his white skirt. He was masculine and lean, but very muscular. He swung his right arm around and presented me with a delicate lotus flower. I gasped and smiled with appreciation.
I greeted Jahir, and walked towards him. He smiled, and handed me the delightfully scented lotus flower. I brushed my hair back with my fingertips and placed it above my left ear. I nodded in satisfaction of my gift.
“You young ones be safe now. Jahir, please take good care of our Zahra. We trust you and know you will bring her back at a decent hour,” my mother stated.
“Yes, Mrs. Massri. Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Massri for allowing me to celebrate Zahra’s birthday with her,” Jahir shyly responded with his head down.
“Jahir, you are like a son to us, and a brother to Zahra. We love you and know that you have Zahra’s best interest at heart. Protect her and see to it that she is back here safely,” my father asserted.
“Shukran,” Jahir said thank you to my parents, nodded and headed for the door. I kissed my mother and father on their cheeks and followed Jahir out the door.
“What would you like to do Jahir,” I questioned.
Jahir grinned and spoke in a sincere voice, “I had something planned. It is a surprise!”
I was giddy with wonder, “Please give me a hint!”
“Not a chance! Follow me,” Jahir offered his hand and smirked.
I willingly took a hold of his hand and followed his lead. As we were walking, I noticed a small brown sac attached to his belt. It was swinging back and forth and had caught my attention as we were walking at a fast pace.
“What’s in there, Jahir?” I marveled.
“It’s part of the surprise,” he pronounced.
I let go of his hand and playfully tried to grab the sac to see what was inside. He briskly covered the sac with his hand and bent forward to protect his treasure. “Let’s try not to spoil the surprise,” he sarcastically stated.
I grinned and swiftly grabbed his hand yet again.
We finally reached a stunning part of the Nile River. The stars above seemed to twinkle ever so brightly that night. It looked as though someone had taken buckets of sparkles and evenly spread them all over the dark blue sky. It was the most captivating night sky I’d seen.  Mesmerized by the beauty, Jahir and I both stood very still and gazed up at the sky and then down at the slow, scintillating waves of the Nile River.
Jahir broke the silence, “Zahra, please sit.” He sat down on a flat rock and gestured towards an open seat next to him. This rock was large and long, but flat like a bench. It was the perfect seating, and much more appealing than sitting on the bare ground.
“I brought something for you.” He opened his brown sac and removed a small silver pot shaped like a lotus. In the middle was a candle. I knew then, the gift he was giving to me. The lotus flower was very important to my people. There is a tradition amongst my people to bring a silver pot with a burning candle in the middle to the Nile River. You make a wish with all your heart and set the silver pot with the burning candle free into the Nile. If the pot with the burning candle stays afloat on the surface of the water, then your wish would come true.
Jahir knew I had never tried this particular tradition before. We had discussed his trip to the Nile River and his experience with this tradition, a month prior. He would not tell me his wish, but said that it had not come true yet, but he remained hopeful that it would.
I was ecstatic to finally engage in the tradition at last, especially on the eve of my 17th birthday. The warm and breezy night could not have been a better setting for this moment. Jahir smiled his beautiful smile and gazed into my eyes with his. He reached for the pot on his lap and opened up his lantern to light the candle. Once the candle was lit, he unhurriedly offered me the silver pot, with the candle now burning luminously.
“Zahra, my best friend,” he said softly, “make a wish with all your heart. Use wisdom and all that is smart. For your prayers may be answered; and your thoughts may be heard, by all the Gods and against all odds.” He chanted with such confidence and sincerity. I was taken by his grandeur presence.
I gripped the silver pot and stared into the burning flame of the candle. I then closed my eyes and knew what I would wish for. It was my complete mission in life. What I would wake up and go to sleep dreaming about. What I would sing about and hum about. “I wish to find my one true love,” I whispered softly to myself.
I kneeled down next to the water, gently placed the pot on the water, and watched as it cascaded down the Nile. I felt a rush of excitement and relief all at once. I knew somehow that my voice would be heard, and my wish would come true.
“What did you wish for my friend?” Jahir asked curiously.
I waved my forefinger side to side, “I don’t think so Jahir. You did not share your wish with me, so I will not share mine with you.” I giggled and sat down on the rock again.
“Very well. That’s probably for the best Ya Amar,” he assured himself. I smiled at his sweet compliment. I loved it when he called me beautiful. Although Ya Amar translates to: Like Moon, it’s a term of endearment meaning beautiful.
“Thank you Jahir. I’ve always wanted to try this tradition. You’ve given me a wonderful gift. I cherish your friendship, and hope that we will always remain as close as we are today,” I spoke genuinely.
“I feel the same way Zahra,” Jahir smiled and stood up. “I would like to show you something. Would you please come with me?”
“Sure, but where are we going now?” I wondered.
“It’s another surprise! Please, come!” he exclaimed.
“Lah,” I refused playfully, saying: no, as I stomped my foot.”
“Yella.” He chuckles saying: come on, as he points his finger at me.
I gasped with flurry and followed him once again, holding his hand. We walked side by side next to the calm and peaceful water of the Nile River. It was a quiet and serene night.  We finally reached a large rock to our right.
“Here we are!” Jahir stated.
“Where?” I asked.
As we turned the corner of the massive rock, there was a white blanket with a clay bowl on the side, filled with grapes, pomegranates, figs and plums. The bowl rested next to the large rock. I glanced at the rock with amazement. A carving of my name and Jahir’s name and next to it a picture that signified the word: forever. I felt a rush of chills from my head to toes. I was deeply touched and appreciative.
“Jahir, you did this?” I asked while holding back tears.
He stared into my eyes, smiled his warm and inviting smile, and nodded.
I jumped up and wrapped my arms around him. “Thank you so much my friend, I will always remember this”.
“You’re welcome Ya Amar. I wanted us to have a spot of our own; one where we could come and remember the good times we once had.” He breathed in deeply. “Zahra, I don’t know how much longer I will be able to spend so much time with you as I have been. Your parents want to marry you off, and your husband may not approve of me being around you. He probably will see it as inappropriate. I want to treasure this precious time I have with you. Please never forget our friendship.” Jahir had tears in his eyes, as he let go of his inhibitions and shared his true feelings.
“I will never forget. I promise.” I shoved a grape into his mouth to try and lighten the mood, and we both keeled over with laughter.
Jahir and I stuffed ourselves with fruit until we had no more room in our bellies. We lay down on the white sheet and stared at the glimmering stars.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it,” Jahir asked as he admired the sky.
“Yes, it sure is,” I responded. I felt very comfortable and at home with Jahir. I felt complete when I was with him. He was my best friend, my closest ally, and my most treasured companion.
He turned to his side and faced me, “Zahra?”
I turned as well to face him, “Yes, Jahir?”
“I want you to know something. I’ve never told you, because…” his voice trailed off and he became silent.
“You can tell me anything Jahir. You know that!” I assured him as I placed my hand over his and smiled.
“I know I can,” he responded and once again became silent. Jahir took my hand softly, and wrapped his fingers around mine. We stared into each other’s eyes.  I felt as though I could read his soul. I felt his heart full of love and commitment. His hand was warm and calming. His skin glowed with serenity and sincerity. “I love you Zahra. I’ve always loved you. You are my world…. my purpose…. my reason for living.”
I was speechless. My eyes never deterred from his. I felt something I’d never felt before. Suddenly, I felt as if our souls connected in that moment. Our eyes pierced into one another. A shock jolted through my body and took me by surprise. Jahir’s body shot back ever so slightly as well. I didn’t know what to make of it. But all of a sudden, the world made sense, and everything became clear. He was my soul mate - my one and only true love. I loved Jahir with every bone in my body and every fiber of my being. My wish had come true. The truth was staring me in the face my whole life, and it never made sense until this very moment.
“Oh Jahir, I love you too,” I gasped as the tears flowed effortlessly down my face.
Jahir reached his hand out and wrapped it around the side of my face. Caressing my skin, he tenderly leaned in without removing his gaze from my eyes, and kissed me. His warm lips embraced mine and I couldn’t help but to kiss him back. His heart was beating so very fast and he breathed as if he had just run a marathon. Slowly and gently he laid me down and began to kiss me with an exhilarating passion I had never felt before. He stroked my hair and pressed his lips firmly against mine. My heart felt as though it was going to jump out of my body. I tingled with excitement, and the feeling of ecstasy overcame me. I wanted to bottle this moment, and freeze it in time. My life truly began on that day. My entire universe made sense and I had finally found my purpose.
We both pulled back for a moment. I contemplated what the change between us would bring. As I stared into his tearful, beautiful brown eyes, I saw love, contentment, and sadness all at once. I knew the ache he felt in his heart, because I felt the same. How would we be able to openly show our love and affection? My parents would never approve of our relationship. I was destined to marry a man of wealth and prosperity, and of the same bloodline. Being the daughter of a Pharaoh, I would never be allowed to marry an average man from an average middle class family. But I loved this man, and to me he was wealthy in ways that overshadowed all the riches in the world. I would be the happiest woman on Earth to marry my one true love. I vowed to never live the life of my mother and father who did not marry for love. Their relationship was platonic and dull and their communication suffered.
“I should have been forth coming with you sooner Zahra,” Jahir whispered. “My heart aches to know that I may never share my life with you.”
“We don’t know that for certain,” I breathed. “I will speak to my parents when the time is right, and explain to them our love for one another.”
“I wish it were that easy Zahra,” Jahir stated sadly. “They will never approve because of our marginally different social status and wealth. Not to mention the fact that you are to marry a man of the same bloodline. They have been very generous in taking my family in as friends, but that relationship will not exceed friendship.”
“Please Jahir, let us embrace this moment in time, and worry about the possibilities of tomorrow another day,” I demanded softly.
Jahir smiled, as a tear trickled down his vibrant brown skin. He leaned in slowly, and tenderly placed one hand on my cheek and one around my neck. With our faces so close to one another he whispered, “My heart will be with you for all eternity, I promise you. I breathe for no one but you my love.”
I could not hold back my tears any longer. I swiftly wrapped my arms around his neck and began to kiss him tempestuously. He reached for my waist and pulled me in so closely I could feel every movement in his body. His hand caressed my hips down to my thighs. He took hold of my right leg, lifted it up, and moved in between my legs. He hovered above me, and kissed me with great intensity and passion. His strong hand slithered ever so slowly back up my side and onto my breast. Slowly he grappled my breast and pushed his body closer to mine. He gasped for air and released his hold.
“I’m so sorry, I got carried away.” Jahir pulled back and stated, out of breath. “I must take you home. I promised your parents I would bring you back at a decent hour.”
I knew he was right. I nodded, and reluctantly stood up. Jahir smiled a warm and genuine smile. “My wish came true,” he grinned.
“What’s that?” I wondered.
“That you would share the same love that I felt for you!” he exclaimed with satisfaction.
“My wish was that I would find my one true love. It all became clear tonight, and so my wish came true as well.” I explained with glee.
We became silent, held hands and started taking the trip back to my home. The silence said it all. Our friendship had blossomed into a magnificent love that could never be severed.
My parents were pleased that Jahir kept his word and brought me home at a decent hour. I was sent straight to bed. For the coming day would bring many festivities. 

Chapter Three

The warm, cozy glow of the bright morning sun peeked through my large bedroom windows. I awoke with a sense of peace and serenity, as I lay there reminiscing over the events of last night. I leisurely stood up out of bed and walked to my window overlooking the courtyard. The flowers seemed more vibrant in color. The sun shined brighter and felt warmer. The songs of the birds sounded of music from the heavens. The world, as I knew it appeared much more canorous, significant and astoundingly fulfilling. Whispers trickled up into my room from downstairs. My parents were finalizing the plans for my upcoming birthday events.
“Good morning beautiful girl. Happy Birthday.” My mother said softly as she stood at my doorway.
“Hi Mama,” I responded happily. “Thank you. It seems as though you have quite the day planned for my birthday.”
“Well, of course sweetheart. It’s not every day that my only child turns 17. It’s a big deal and we want to celebrate you. Not to mention, there will be potential suitors at the events. Who knows, we may find the perfect husband for you!” My mother seemed excited and confident in the prospect of finding me a husband.
I cringed at the thought of marrying a man I hardly knew and was not in love with. My parents always said that you learn to love the person you’ve married, in time. They’d insisted that as parents that they knew best who I should marry and spend the rest of my life with. They both had stated in the past that true love only occurs with the experience of trials and tribulations of life that a couple faces. I didn’t believe any of that. How could I? They didn’t seem very happy in their own marriage, which was arranged by their parents. Their communication was lacking, and their affection for one another was practically nonexistent. To be frank, their relationship seemed more like a business arrangement of wealth and power. Besides all of that knowledge, I had discovered the one true love of my life. I did not want to be ripped away from him to enter a loveless marriage with a man, simply because he was wealthy, had the same bloodline, and carried a respectable name.
“Mama, please, I must speak to you about…” I started panicking at the thought of an arranged marriage.
“Happy Birthday daughter!” my father interrupted. “Isis, we have much to prepare, and no time to waste. Come with me, we must hurry.”
“Certainly, dear.” My mother obeyed. “Zahra, please change into your best ensemble. You must look absolutely perfect today.”
I nodded. Although I was excited about my birthday celebration, I was a bit uneasy about the thought of my parents finding a husband for me. As nauseating as it was, I tried to force those troubled thoughts out of my head.
I decided to wear my favorite dress I owned. It was a stunning white dress that was held up by a strap over my left shoulder. The flowing dress fit snug from the top half to the knees, then flared out beautifully and rippled effortlessly in the wind. The top half of the dress was made of thick cotton, while the bottom half, which flared out, was made of a transparent thin linen material. It was absolutely brilliant and perfect for my birthday. I decided to wear my favorite necklace that I’d worn the night before. The gold necklace with the hanging charms of leaves and a heart, gave an elegantly striking contrast to the bright and airy white dress. I also wore my golden tinted leather sandals. I placed a gold ankle bracelet on my right foot. It had charms of bells and thin leaves that harmonized gracefully with every step I took. I pinned the hair above my left ear back slightly and placed the lotus flower there that was given to me by Jahir. I reached into the chest at the foot of my bed and grabbed my favorite perfume. It consisted of oil from almonds, cardamom, honey, wine, seed of galbanum, and cinnamon bark. I spread the alluring oil over my neck and décolleté. Now, I was ready for my birthday and all the events soon to come.
“Zahra, please come downstairs. Your guests will be arriving very shortly!” My mother called loudly from downstairs.
“Yes Mama,” I replied. I started for the stairs and headed down carefully. The staircase was lined with aromatic olive branches.
As I reached the bottom of the stairs, I noticed the whole first floor was decorated in gorgeous blooming flowers and tables topped with clay bowls that were filled with a colorful array of fruits and vegetables. White linen sheets lined the windows and tables. The breeze from outside felt crisp and buoyant as it whirled through the linen sheets and whispered around the room. The sun lit up the house, and it felt as if we were outdoors on an island paradise.
Without delay, our guests began to arrive. Most of them were blood related, wealthy and highly ranked in social status. Each family brought adorning gifts. From baskets of exotic fruit to the most exquisite pieces of jewelry, these were expensive and rare items that only people of our class could afford at the time. Yet, although I liked all these novelty gifts, I didn’t care for them all too much. I never drowned myself in all the materials I could attain; instead I yearned for life experiences, freedom, and most of all true love.
I browsed around the room, which was now becoming saturated with guests. My mother kept pointing out the families that may be interested in setting me up with their sons. Reluctantly, I greeted everyone who walked in, including the men who were there to meet me. We had a huge feast prepared for the guests including fresh bread, lamb, fruits like figs and apples, vegetables, and of course beer and wine. Everyone stuffed their faces with food as they chatted, laughed, mingled and told stories.
“Mama,” I pulled her aside and asked, “Where are Jahir and his family?”
“Oh honey they couldn’t make it. Osiris had to work and Jahir had to help him today, and Sekhet did not want to come alone. Not to worry though, they will be here for tonight’s festivities. Now, you should be focusing on potential suitors! This party is swarming with them. I’m sure we will find someone for you by the end of the night.” She nudged me away from her.
My stomach was in knots. I didn’t want to find my future husband that night, and be chosen by him like a herd of cattle. I wanted Jahir. But I had not been able to tell her that earlier today.
When the time is right, I will let her know, I thought to myself.
As nighttime approached, we moved the party to the warm outdoors. The sun kissed the sky goodnight as it started to set, bestowing vibrant hues of oranges and reds into the sky. The alluring sky captivated everyone’s attention as we sat around a wood burning fire. One of our female guests set the utopian mood by playing her angelic Harp. The sounds of the music danced around in the wind, and whispered past the trees.
I saw in the distance, Jahir and his family walking up to the party in unison. My heart began to beat at a pace faster than any music could play. I stood up as quickly as I could and walked over to them. Sekhet held a small gift in her hands.
“Welcome Mr. Osiris, and Mrs. Sekhet,” I greeted. “Hello, Jahir.” I hesitated for a moment, wanting to embrace him with all my strength. I held back. “So nice to see you, thank you for coming, and thank you for my gift. You really shouldn’t have.”
Sekhet smiled and replied, “Oh it’s nothing too grand. But I thought you would like it and appreciate it. It’s a clay bowl I found hidden away in our home that you and Jahir had made when you were young kids. I thought it would have sentimental value for you. I know it sure meant a lot to Jahir to keep it hidden away all these years.”
I could see Jahir blushing. I was very pleased with this gift. No one, besides Jahir, would ever know just how much this gift truly meant to me. It was a piece of Jahir and me, frozen in time.
Jahir stared at me for a moment, “You look absolutely beautiful tonight Zahra.” His eyes were so intense gazing into mine; I felt a burning in my soul. We were so utterly connected. I felt as though he saw past my eyes and into my soul every time he looked at me, and I him. He smiled his handsome smile and winked.
I blushed and responded, “Thank you Jahir, you look very handsome tonight as well.” He was the most attractive man I had ever seen. His silky dark hair was combed back behind his ears. His warm, enchanting dark eyes pulled me into a trance. His body was fit and lean; I couldn’t take my eyes off of his perfectly toned muscles. He wore a linen skirt and a belt. This time he wore cloth woven sandals. I forced myself to look away before anyone noticed how completely taken I was with that amazing young man.
I turned around and faced the other guests. “Please follow me,” I gestured as I rejoined the party. After introductions were made, we all mingled and danced. Jahir and I did not have a moment alone, but our eyes met throughout the night. I had to play the host and make sure everyone was happy and having a good time.
Time came when we said farewell to all the guests. One by one, I kissed each person’s cheek, bid them goodnight, and thanked them for coming to celebrate my birthday. When the time came to say goodnight to Jahir, he whispered into my ear, “Goodnight Ya Amar. I’ll miss you.”
My heart felt as though it was going to burst out of my skin. “Goodnight…” I said with a shy, half smile, as I bowed my head down. “Good night Mr. Osiris, and Mrs. Sekhet.” I gave each a hug and a kiss on the cheek. “Thank you again for coming.”
Mr. Osiris nodded and Mrs. Sekhet replied, “We wouldn’t have missed it.” And with that last comment, they were off.
“Happy Birthday daughter, did you have a good time?” My mother asked softly as she placed her arm on my shoulder.
“Yes, Mama, it was great!”
“Glad to hear it love!” My father chimed in.
I gave them each a hug and a kiss on the cheek.  “Thank you so much for my beautiful necklace and my wonderful birthday party. I couldn’t have asked for anything more.” I was very appreciative of all the planning and hard work they had put in, to make the day special. “It’s been quite a long day. I think will go to bed now and rest.” I smiled as walked inside and up the stairs to my bedroom. I removed my necklace, ankle bracelet, dress, sandals and flower from my hair, and slipped into a comfortable yellow, cotton nightgown. I hopped into bed and fell right asleep.


Chapter Four

“Zahra….” My mother called from the bottom of the stairs. “Are you awake?”
I wasn’t sure if I was dreaming her call my name or if she was really calling out for me. I was still very exhausted from the day before.
“Honey,” I felt a hand on my shoulder. “Honey, wake up. It’s mid day. If you don’t wake up soon, it will be nearing nightfall.”
“Oh hi Mom! I’m sorry, I feel very tired this morning.” I yawned.
“That’s alright Zahra. You had a long day yesterday. Your father and I have something we’d like to discuss with you. Will you please come down stairs when you are dressed and ready?”
“Sure,” I said hesitantly.
“Thank you dear.”
I slowly lifted myself up to a seated position and rubbed my eyes to try and wake up. I sat for a moment, wondering what my parents wanted to discuss. Steadily, I slid down the side of my bed and started changing into one of my shorter cotton dresses. Once I was ready, I headed downstairs to the kitchen, and met my parents at the dining table.
“Well hello honey, have a seat. Your mother and I have some very exciting news!” My father said enthusiastically.
I sat down on a chair and waited silently for their announcement.
“We were approached yesterday by a family who expressed serious interest in you for their son. Your mother and I feel very strongly about this family. They are a wealthy, high-class family who are well known and respected in this community. He is your second cousin. Maybe you remember the man by the name of Amun? He is a bit older, but a very eligible, fine man, who will be able to give you a life that you deserve. We are to have dinner with him and his family this evening. Please be prepared.” My father said sternly.
“But Baba…” Nauseated and nervous, I wasn’t sure how to respond. I did not feel comfortable enough expressing my true feelings with my parents, especially my father. Nothing I would say would make them accept Jahir as a potential husband. I wish our communication was better, but my parents never opened up avenues of communication with me. Everything I’d gone through in my life thus far, whether good or bad, I’ve had to deal with on my own. There was an understanding my parents and I had with one another: to follow their rules no matter what. There were no explanations for their thoughts, feelings or actions. What they thought was right, and they never provided an explanation. That’s how their parents led their lives, and their grandparents before that. They knew what was best for me, and I would know what is best for my children.
I never agreed with that thinking, but what choice did I have in the matter? I just had to stay hopeful that the upcoming night would somehow go horribly wrong and the family would lose interested in me.
I remained silent, ran up the stairs and sat in my room quietly to collect my thoughts. I wasn’t sure how to deal with the situation at hand. How would I tell Jahir? It would break his heart to know that my parents wanted to marry me off so soon. Amun was 15 years my senior. A very pretentious man, he always walked with an arrogant strut and was overtly annoying, in my opinion. Needless to say, I was not looking forward to dinner with him or his family that night. I had to find Jahir and tell him what was going on. Maybe he’d have some words of wisdom for me. I ran downstairs and told my parents I would be out taking a walk for a bit. Without giving them time to respond, I quickly stormed out of the house and headed toward Jahir’s home.
Out of breath and tired, I finally arrived to Jahir’s home. I saw Mrs. Sekhet outside washing clothes in a bucket. “Mrs. Sekhet, is Jahir home?”
“Hi Zahra! No, he is not. He just left. He said he was going to his special place to relax and think. Where that is, I am not sure.”
“Shukran, Mrs. Sekhet!” I thanked her and smiled warmly. I didn’t know for sure, but I had a strong inclination I knew where this place would be.
I headed towards the Nile River. Specifically to the area with the rock that had our names etched into it. This place meant so much to me, that I knew it had a deep meaning for Jahir as well. I hoped that was where he was resting, because I needed to speak to him urgently.
As I reached the massive rock, I didn’t see Jahir there. But as I got closer, I noticed a shadow of a man on the front side of the rock. I turned to corner to the opposite side of the rock, and found Jahir sitting down with his head leaning on the rock. His eyes were closed and he looked so peaceful in that moment.
“Jahir?” I asked quietly. As soon as he heard my voice he opened his eyes and stood up.
“Zahra, it’s so good to see you,” he answered as he gave me a tight hug. “I missed you Ya Amar.” He gazed into my eyes, and suddenly all my worries dissipated.
“I missed you too,” I whispered.
“How did you find me?”
“I went to your home and your mother said you were somewhere special relaxing and thinking. I had a strong feeling you would be here.”
“Well, you were right! Please sit.” He held my hand and lowered me down to sit next to him against the large rock.
“I have something I have to discuss with you,” I said reluctantly.
“Anything Zahra.” He smiled and grasped my hand tightly.
“Well, I don’t think you’ll want to hear it, but here it goes…” Tears welled up in my eyes. “I’m sorry Jahir,” I said sadly.
“What’s wrong Ya Amar? Don’t cry.” He insisted. Jahir wiped the tears off my cheeks and lifted my chin with his right hand. “You can talk to me about anything.”
I regained my composure and decided to just come out with the news. “My parents have a dinner set for tonight, to formally introduce me to a man by the name of Amun. His family will accompany him. My parents feel very strongly about him and think that he may be the one for me.”
Jahir pulled me in his arms, held me tightly and kissed my forehead. He was silent for a while. “Don’t worry my love. Whatever it takes, we will find a way to be together. But for now Zahra, you must act as if you are trying to impress the family tonight”.
“Why?” I was upset he would suggest such a thing.
“To show your parents that you are putting in an effort. You do not want to upset them. If you act like you are willing to abide by their rules and do as they say, they will be more appreciative and hopefully more understanding of your feelings. Then maybe you will be able to tell them about us. It’s our only hope.”
I hesitated for a moment. I knew he was right. Our chances were slim, but if I had any hope of sharing a life with Jahir, this would be the way to do it. If I completely defied my parents and did not at least pretend to respect their wishes, I felt that they would push for a wedding even sooner. I had to act as if I was interested in what they wanted, but would try to find something wrong with every person they wanted for me. Eventually I would tell them that it just makes more sense to be with Jahir, who knows me and understands me. Easy… Right? I wish! But it would be our best chance at being together.
“Okay. I will do it,” I said unwillingly. “But I’m only doing this for one reason and one reason only. Because I love you!”
“Thank you,” Jahir whispered as he kissed my neck tenderly. Then he looked into my eyes, “Now don’t try too hard. I don’t want this Amun to think you really like him.”
“Oh please,” I laughed, “you are the only man who holds the key to my heart!”
“Good!” Jahir smirked in appreciation.
“I better get back to the house and prepare. I have lots of acting to practice.” I giggled.
“Good luck Ya Amar,” Jahir looked serious now and gently grabbed my face in his big masculine hands, then whispered, “I love you!” Slowly he brought his lips closer to mine. His breath warmed my face, and sent tingles down my spine. He teased me with his caressing touch. I waited in anticipation of feeling his lips touch mine. He examined every feature of my face as it was nestled in his hands. Slowly and tenderly, he leaned in closer until there was no room left between us. I felt a rippling sensation of euphoria as his lips were finally planted on mine. Our tongues whirled around in unison. His strong grip was now around my waist, and he clutched my hip as he pulled me down to the ground. On top of me now, he kissed me more intensely and without restraint. I wanted so much more in that moment, but I realized I had to stop before we had gone too far.
I pulled back, “Jahir, I can’t.”
“I am sorry Zahra, I should have had better restraint.” He said as he lifted up off of me. He offered his hand and pulled me up.
“I want to, but we must wait.”
“I know my love. I know. Our time will come!” With one more peck on the lips he smiled and released his hand from mine. “We will see each other again very soon!”
“Goodbye. I will miss you!” I felt an abundant amount of love for that man. Leaving him was like leaving a part of me behind. I turned around and headed for the short trip back to my home, glancing back occasionally at the man I loved so very much. 


Chapter Five

Dinner was being prepared in the kitchen as we awaited our guests in the scenic courtyard.  It was blooming with flowers and fruit trees. All the different smells combined offered a sensational aroma that danced around the whole courtyard. In the middle of the courtyard was a large, round dining table with ten chairs fit for a king. The table and chairs were beautifully crafted with the finest imported cedar elm wood my parents could attain. Dusk was readily approaching, and we had candles on the table and lanterns hanging from the trees.
Our guests soon arrived and were escorted through our home to the courtyard by one of our servants. The first to enter the courtyard was Amun’s father Mensah. Behind him was his wife Amunet, who obviously gave her son Amun, the male version of her name. Behind Amunet followed Amun’s younger sister, Anippe. Finally, Amun walked in with his confident and annoyingly overbearing, pretentious demeanor. One by one each greeted my father, mother and I with a kiss on each cheek and a wimpy handshake. After Amun kissed me on each cheek he brought my hand up to his face and kissed it gently.
“Good evening Zahra. You look stunning tonight.” Amun greeted with arrogance.
“Hi, Amun,” I said, trying to shape my lips into a smile. The thought of him kissing me and touching me was nauseating.
Amun reached for a chair and pulled it out for me, “Shall we?”
I nodded and sat down. He pulled out another chair and sat down right next to me.
“Please everyone, be seated.” My father offered.
“For our main course we will be serving Lamb with freshly baked bread and pickled olives. We have wine, beer and grape juice for refreshments.” My mother loved to play host.
“Hurry along then,” Amun asserted to one of our servants.
“No need to be harsh,” I pronounced in irritation. He was one of those men who thought he was above everyone else. I respected our servants and valued their hard work ethic. Amun, on the other hand viewed servants as slaves who should subordinate to their masters like a dog obeying his owner.
“I wasn’t being harsh! Besides, I want to make sure you eat, because you are probably famished. I want to make sure my princess is fed.” Amun stated with a wink.
“I’m not your princess,” I muttered under my breath. There was no use in arguing with him. He was the type that would never admit to any wrongdoing.
Once the food came, we were all busy stuffing our faces. My parents were conversing and giggling with Amun’s parents. Amun’s sister Annipe was quietly eating her dinner without taking a moment to look up. I was attempting to eat my food in peace, hoping to avoid any conversation with Amun. Amun was drinking wine after cup of wine. He barely took a moment to take bites of his food.
“Zahra,” Amun placed his hand on my knee. “I want you to know that I will take care of you and make you happy. You will be mine. All mine. When we are to be wed, I do not want you to be seen with your male friend anymore. It’s inappropriate, and people will talk.”
I quickly removed his hand off my knee. Who does this man think he is! He’s ordering me to stay away from my best friend. The audacity! No one said this was a done deal anyway. At least not to me!
“Amun, what are you talking about? No one has said that us getting married is a sure thing.” I stated.
“This is our engagement dinner Zahra. Why do you think we’re here?”
My mouth dropped so low, I thought I could break my jaw. I was stunned. The room was suddenly spinning violently. I felt the blood wash away from my face. My hands tingled and my thoughts jumbled. Instantly I felt limp.
“Zahra, wake up. Zahra… What happened? Are you ok?” My mother’s voice echoed. I felt like I was in a fog, and all the noise was not making sense.
My vision finally came back and I lifted my head off the ground. “What happened?”
“Honey, I’m wondering the same thing. You fainted. Is everything alright?” My mother was worried. I could hear her concern in her voice.
“I think so. Mama, I need to speak with you.”
“Ok dear, as soon as we’re done with dinner, we can talk. For now, try to sit back in your chair, and I’ll have Uto bring you some water.” My mother gestured one of our servants to fetch me some water.
“But, I…”
“Lah, Zahra. Please, you need to regain your bearings.” She ordered Uto to bring a wet rag for my forehead as well.
“Daughter, are you alright?” My father asked.
“Yes, Baba. I suppose I’m fine.” I replied. Everyone was looking at me a bit funny, probably wondering why I fainted. I needed to be patient until our guests would leave for the night. Could it be true? Could this be our engagement dinner, and my parents decided to keep it from me? But, why? Why wouldn’t they be honest with me? I felt flabbergasted. I didn’t have time to panic, because I was still in a state of shock.
“Don’t worry Zahra. It will all be okay. There is good reason why you were left in the dark. I suppose your parents will tell you tonight.” Amun said, while he tapped his hand on my leg.
I had no idea what was going on. All I knew is that the time could not go by any slower. I wanted our guests to leave so I could speak to my parents.
Finally, Amunet spoke, “Well, thank you all so much for your generosity and hospitality. We must be leaving now. I gather we will be hearing from you very soon to further our plans?” She was looking for a response from my mother.
“Yes, of course Amunet. I will pay you a visit in the next day or two.” My mother replied.
Everyone lifted out of their seats and stood up to say their goodbyes.
Amun grabbed my hand and pulled me in close to him with his other arm wrapped around my shoulder. He whispered into my ear, “Goodbye my princess. It won’t be long until I share a bed with you.” And with a devious smirk, he released his hold and walked over to my parents to thank them and say goodbye.
Yuck! I thought. Is this man delusional?
After we all said our farewells, my parents asked me to come over to the living room inside our home.
“Daughter, please sit. Your mother and I need to speak with you about a few things. But, first off, how do you like Amun?” My father asked.
“Umm…Well, I like him ok I suppose,” I lied.
“Well good, that’s a start.” My mother smiled happily.
“Honey, your mother and I have decided that Amun is the right man for you.” My father revealed. “Your children will carry a pure royal blood line, and he is very wealthy and capable of taking care of you. We had accepted Amun’s parents offer the night of your birthday party, but saw it fit not to tell you right then. We wanted to ease you into getting to know him and hopefully sparking a friendship with him.”
I felt a whirlwind of raw, painful emotions encompassing me. “I don’t know what to say to all of this information.” I tried to catch my breath as I spoke. “Baba and Mama, I respect your wishes and understand that you want the best for me. But I’m not sure that this is best for me.” It took everything inside of me to speak with patience and understanding. “I can’t envision myself being in a relationship with this man that I hardly know. He’s much older, and arrogant, and I have no feelings for him in that way.”
“You will learn to love him dear. In time, you will see that he is a great man of high intelligence and class. He will take care of you and the children you will bear.” My mother insisted.
“No!” I accidently yelped. My hand quickly covered my mouth in embarrassment. I couldn’t help my reaction. I tried to regain some sense of calm. I couldn’t keep up this charade any longer. They needed to know the truth about the love I felt for Jahir. “Mama, Baba, there’s something I need to tell you. Please keep an open mind as you listen. I…” It was difficult to reveal my love for Jahir to them. I was worried they would feel betrayed by the both of us, but it’s a chance I had to take. “I’m in love with Jahir, and he is in love with me. He is the man I want to spend the rest of my days with here on Earth. I can’t imagine a life with any other man but him.” Tears streamed down my face.
Silence encompassed the room. No one said anything. My parents looked shocked and bewildered.
Seconds rolled by, and seemed like an eternity. Finally, my father broke the awkward silence. “Zahra?” My Father peered at me with piercing and curious eyes. “How long have you felt this way?”
Here we go, on with the truth. I thought to myself. There is no turning back now. “Well, I knew that I always loved him. But it wasn’t until the eve of my 17th birthday that I truly realized he had my heart. He professed his love to me and me to him. Please, do not be upset.”
“Zahra,” my mother finally spoke, “this is not acceptable. You do not know of what you speak of. You are not in love. Jahir is a friend and nothing more. You only love who you are destined to marry.”
“Your mother is right!” My father nodded in agreement. “You are to stay away from Jahir. He will no longer be welcomed into this home. We cannot have him influencing our daughter into this unacceptable behavior,” he stated sternly.
“Jahir is not influencing me.” I wasn’t some kind of victim in a strange, forced love trance. “I love him. I want to be with him. Please hear me. I do not want to marry anyone else.”
“My Daughter. Aside from the fact that he is not wealthy or stable financially, he does not share your bloodline. It will never happen, so you must drop the issue!” My father was stern, and pointed his finger at me while he spoke.
My heart felt completely shattered. I could not hold back my tears any longer. My face fell into my hands and I started crying uncontrollably. I felt my body shake from head to toe. I kept reciting, “Please don’t make me do this. I won’t. I can’t marry him. I won’t.” The words were jumbled in between my frantic sobs.
“Honey, I’m sorry. But this issue is not up for discussion. Now you must get some rest. We will be paying a visit to Amunet tomorrow to plan the wedding.” My mother did not understand what true love meant. Why would she? She had never been in love before. The only love she knew was this arranged commitment to my father.
I jolted up off of my chair with no hesitation. I stared at both of my parents for a moment. I gazed into their eyes and looked for some type of understanding and empathy. “You will never understand what it is like to find true love because you have never experienced it!”
My father stood up quickly and yelled, “You will not…”
“Let her go Psamtic. Let her go.” My mother tried to calm my father down, as she placed her hand on his shoulder.
I quickly ran up the stairs to my room, sobbing along the way. I lifted myself onto my bed and hid under the sheets. My pillow quickly became soaked with my gushing tears. I felt alone and my heart was broken. I lay there for hours trying to figure a way out of this situation. My heart yearned for Jahir. I longed for his embrace. I worried that I would not ever see him again. The thought of never spending another minute with him made my heart twist in pain. I had to do something. I devised a plan to sneak out of the house once my father and mother fell asleep. This wouldn’t be an easy task considering that the guards will be walking the grounds. I would figure that part out when the time came. I tried to regain some sort of control over my emotions and prepared to leave the house to see Jahir. 


Chapter Six

I waited until I was absolutely sure my parents were sound asleep. My father’s loud snoring and my mother’s sleep talking confirmed it. Slowly, I crept down the stairs, trying not to make a sound. Uto was in the kitchen with Ramose, another one of our servants. Surely, they were tidying up and prepping for the day ahead. Thankfully, I passed by them unnoticed. I reached our front door. There was a guard pacing back and forth at the front of our home. I waited until he reached the far corner of the house, and ran to a tree in our front yard. This tree was large and the stump was wide enough to hide my thin body from the guard. Again, I waited for him to turn and walk in the other direction. I took a step forward and a branch creaked from under my foot. I gasped, hoping the guard didn’t hear. He turned swiftly to the sound and stood still, glancing in every direction. He waited patiently for a few minutes, and continued his pacing. I sprinted off into the night.
I finally reached Jahir’s home, completely out of breath. I walked over to his bedroom window. “Jahir…” I whispered, careful not to wake his parents. “Jahir, are you there?”
I heard some rustling coming from his bedroom, “Zahra, is that you?”
My heart fluttered when I heard his sweet voice. “Yes Jahir, please come outside. I need to speak with you.”
“Of course Ya Amar, I’ll be right there.” Jahir yawned as he answered.
I walked over to the door and waited patiently for him to change and meet me outside. Within a few minutes, I saw him tip toeing out to see me. He walked up to me and smiled. “To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“Oh, Jahir,” I cried out. I ran up to him and embraced him as tight as I could.
“Whoa, what’s going on Zahra? Are you okay? Is this about the dinner with Amun and his family?”
It was very comforting to be held by Jahir. I missed him so much. I needed to tell him exactly what was going on. But I couldn’t even mumble through my debilitating sobs. “Please just hold me.”
He held me for a few minutes in silence. Finally he spoke. He swiped my hair back, “Zahra, why don’t we walk over to the Nile, so that we may speak freely? We wouldn’t have to worry about anyone hearing us.”
“Okay,” I sniffled and we both started walking to the Nile. Jahir wrapped his manly arms around my shoulder and I leaned my head against his side, with my arm around his waist. Whenever I was with Jahir, I felt like I was engulfed in a cloud of comfort, safety and serenity. I felt normalcy again.
We walked holding one another until we reached the Nile River, to our special place.
“Sit, Sweetheart. Tell me what’s troubling you.” Jahir sat on the ground and patted the empty spot next to him.
I nodded and sat next to him. “I don’t know where to start.”
“Take your time. I’m here for you.” Jahir lifted my chin with his fingertips and gazed into my eyes. “You can speak to me about anything Ya Amar.” His lips touched mine so delicately.
We kissed for a minute, and I pulled back with my forefinger on his lips. “The dinner with Amun and his family was not exactly dinner.”
“What do you mean?”
“We had a dinner, but I found out that it was more than an ordinary get together.”
Jahir was silent now. He stared at me, awaiting my explanation. His expression turned to a serious one.
I continued. “Amun mentioned, during the later part of the evening, that it was an engagement dinner for him and me. I was shocked, hurt, and terrified. I fainted instantly. I came to, and my mother insisted on finishing our dinner and entertaining our guests. When Amun and his family left for the night, my parents asked me to sit down with them to discuss an important matter. My mother and father revealed that Amun’s parents had asked for my hand in marriage the night of my birthday party. They chose to keep it from me because they wanted me to warm up to him and befriend him. They thought giving me time to get to know him, will ease me into the idea of a marriage with him.  I told them the truth about my love for you, and you for me. They would not accept it as a real love. They have forbidden you to ever come over again. They said I couldn’t see you anymore.” I started to cry again, and my words jumbled a bit. “My mother and I are to see Amun’s mother tomorrow for the Wedding planning. I don’t want to do this. I love you Jahir!! My heart beats for no one else. I’m so sorry about this.” I was rambling on and on. I noticed he was silent. “Jahir?”
Jahir’s face looked as pale as the sand beneath our feet. His head faced the Nile River, as he looked at its gentle current. Still, I had no answer. I realized that I had just presented him with a massive amount of detrimental information, and I needed to give him a moment to process it all.
He bent his right knee and rested his right arm on it. He faced downward and spoke softly, “I will always love you Zahra. For all eternity, you will have my heart. But my hands are tied. I’m not sure there is anything I can do to change your parents’ minds. They are adamant about you marrying someone wealthy, and of the same royal bloodline. Your father is our Pharaoh. How can I possibly go against what he wants for his daughter?” Tears trickled down his face as his voice faltered. He turned his head slightly away from me so I wouldn’t notice his tears.
This was one of the most heart wrenching moments of my life. I wanted so badly to be with the man I love, but I couldn’t. I didn’t expect the conversation to go this way. I’m not sure what I was envisioning. I suppose I was hoping Jahir would have a magic answer for me. That he would have some amazing resolution that would enable us to be together forever. “You’re not giving up on me, are you?”
Jahir peered up at my and clasped my hands into his. “No Ya Amar, of course not. I would never give up on you. I just don’t know if I can do anything to prevent this Wedding from happening.”
I stared into his somber eyes. I knew he was right, but I wanted him to be wrong. “Please, just kiss me, hold me, and tell me it will all be okay.”
“No matter what happens, my heart will forever be yours Zahra. It will be okay, I promise you. We will find a way to be together eventually.” Somehow, his words always comforted me. I wrapped my arms around him and he held me close.
He weakened his hold a bit and peered into my eyes. We could hold a gaze into one another’s eyes for hours. His warm eyes spoke to me in a way that even words could not deliver. They sparkled with the light of the night sky. I felt his soul and surely he felt mine. He pulled me in, our bodies now even closer. He held my waist, and tenderly moved his way down to my hips. He tugged on my hips to pull me even closer. He maneuvered his way between my legs, grasped the back of my head, and smoothly laid my head down on the ground. With his hands now resting on each side of me, he lowered his face to mine. He rubbed his nose against mine, batted his eyelashes on my cheek, and gave me a peck on the lips.
“What was that?” I giggled.
“Just different ways of kissing and showing affection.”
“Interesting. Did you make it up?”
“Yes, do you like it?” Jahir smirked.
“I love it. I think it’s adorable.” He always knew how to cheer me up with his silly humor.
He smiled his beautiful white smile and gazed into my eyes. I could feel his warm, citrus scented breath on my face. Our eyes never parted as he lowered his face even further to give me another kiss, then another, and another. I held his neck and pulled him closer with great urgency. I kissed him intensely as I lifted myself up to him. I felt a raging passion come over me. I wanted him.
“Zahra…” We heard a trailing whisper in the distance. We stopped abruptly to listen to the echo. “Zahra, where are you?”
“Oh, my! They came looking for me. Jahir, you have to go before they find you!” I pushed him up.
“Maybe I should stay.”
“No, please. It will mean trouble for you and for me. My parents forbid me from ever seeing you again. They cannot know I saw you tonight. Please, you must go.”
“Ok, then I must go. I’ll see you soon Ya Amar,” he picked me up and held me high with his strong embrace. He kissed me once more, and slid me down, until my feet touched the ground again. “I’ll make sure you are safe before I head home. But don’t worry. I will hide. They will not see me.”
“Thank you,” I smiled lovingly. I admired him so much for his chivalry.
Jahir took off and hid nearby.
“Zahra? Where are you?” Now the whispers turned into loud screams. I recognized my mother’s voice.
“Mama, I’m over here.” I stepped out from behind the rock.
“What, in all the Gods names were you thinking, sneaking off into the night? Are you here alone?” My mother stomped towards me, followed by three guards. My father trailed calmly behind them. The stoic guards were armed with spears. My father walked slowly like a soldier and his demeanor reeked of disappointment.
“Yes, Mama. I couldn’t sleep. I needed to take a walk.”
“That’s no excuse to leave the house at this hour. It’s inappropriate and unsafe for a young girl like you to be strolling around in the middle of the night.” My mother screamed. She was fierce with anger.
“I understand Mama, no harm done. Let’s just go back home.” I hurriedly started walking towards the house.
“Why?” My mother questioned.
“Why what?” I stopped and turned back to face her.
With a puzzled look on her face, she asked, “Why are you trying to rush us out of here?”
“What? I’m not. I’m just trying to follow your advice. You said I shouldn’t be out at this time of night, so I’m heading back home. Yella, let’s go.”
“Guards,” she looked at the guards and firmly stated, “search the premises.” She gestured her hands in every direction.
“What? Why Mama? This is ridiculous!” I cried with worry.
“Is it Zahra? Who are you trying to protect?” My mother roared.
My father stood silent with his arms crossed over his chest. He scanned the grounds, as the guards searched.
“What are you going to do Mama?”
“Only what I have to.” She stated vaguely.
“Run…” But before I could finish my screaming statement, the guards yelled out that they found someone.
I saw one of the guards pulling Jahir by his arm. “Mr. and Mrs. Massri, here is the culprit.”
My heart sank with sadness and anxiety. “Jahir, I’m sorry.”
Jahir winked at me, and gave a small smirk. “It’s okay,” he mouthed.
“Jahir, I’m going to be very clear! You need to listen well. You are never to see our daughter ever again. If it wasn’t for the long friendship we’ve carried with your parents, and the hard work ethic they’ve shown for our town, you would be in quite a bit of trouble.” My mother pointed her finger at Jahir while he was held down on his knees by the guard. The other two guards were prepared, with their spears pointed at him.
“Please, there is no need for any of this. Jahir is not the enemy. He does not deserve for spears to be pointed at him.” But no one listened to my plea.
“Jahir, you will go home, and forget Zahra. When you see her, you will walk the opposite direction. Do I make myself clear?”
“Yes M’am. I only have love for your daughter Mrs. Massri. I am in love with her, and she is with me. Please, try and give it a second thought. I will always protect her, provide for her, and love her until the end of my days. If you would permit me, that is.” Jahir pleaded with such sincerity and hope.
“Lah!” This time my father decided to speak. “No Jahir, it will never happen. She is to marry Amun and that’s final! Now, we are going to set you free! But tread carefully my son, because if I catch you with my daughter again, it will mean the end of you!”
“Baba, how could you say that?” I cried out.
“Zahra, stay out of this! You are already in enough trouble as it is.” My father yelled without taking his eyes off of Jahir. “Now go!”
The guard released his grasp and pushed Jahir forward. Jahir picked himself up off the ground and stood up. He knew better than to breathe another word. He turned away from us and started sprinting back to his home. I watched him run as he disappeared into the darkness. The sadness in my heart could not be mended. There were no sobs anymore; just tears flowing down my face like a trickling waterfall.
“Yella! Let’s go!” My mother ordered all of us.
My mother whispered to the guards to follow behind me. She and my father walked in front, pacing quickly back to the house. I walked in between them and the guards. I couldn’t stop the tears from streaming down my face. I was silent. I tried to avoid any further confrontation with my parents. I just wanted to go home and crawl under my covers and stay hidden forever.
We finally reached the house and I ran upstairs to my bedroom, without the slightest hesitation. I jumped on my bed and hid under the sheets, unleashing my sobs of heartache.
Whispers percolated through my walls. I couldn’t make out what the conversation entailed, but I could tell it was heated. I tried to ignore the sounds, and make an attempt at falling asleep. 


Chapter Seven

I woke up early with a pounding headache. I hadn’t slept well last night. I woke up in agony several times throughout the night. The image of Jahir held down with spears pointed at him was burned into my conscience. I felt horrible for him to be treated so poorly. I blamed myself. I should have been more careful.
I didn’t have the energy to escape the comfort of my bed and secluded room. I found comfort in the solace my room provided for me. My eyes felt heavy and dry, like large cotton balls. My body felt weakened and in pain. My heart was torn in a million pieces, and I wasn’t sure how to handle these emotions. I was sulking in my grief.
“Zahra, get dressed and meet me down stairs. There is much to be discussed.” My mother spoke quickly and then fled down the stairs.
Oh no! I thought to myself. My mother and I were supposed to meet Amunet this morning to discuss wedding plans. I had to muster up the energy to get out of bed. With great effort, I finally slithered out of bed, changed, and walked steadily down the stairs.
I walked over to the dining room, preparing to face my angry mother. To my surprise, Amunet was sitting next to my mother.
“Oh, hello!” I said, surprised.
“Hello Zahra!” Amunet responded sweetly.
“Zahra, please sit.” My mother demanded. “I sent Ramose to fetch Amunet and bring her over to our home. She’s been here for a few hours and we’ve been discussing some plans for the wedding. Your father and I see it fit to move forward with the wedding sooner than expected. Amunet agrees as well.
Amunet nodded and smiled.
“There is no need to wait. We’re planning a small, quaint Wedding at the Warda Gardens Courtyard down the road. It will take place tomorrow afternoon,” my mother stated in a monotone voice.
“What?” I gasped. I gulped nervously, “Why the rush?”
“It’s time for you to be married, and Amun would like children very soon. He has a home ready for you, with all the luxuries you’ve had here.
I knew why they were rushing. They were trying to rip me away from Jahir. I was terrified at the thought of being a married woman tomorrow. I just couldn’t imagine sharing a bed, children, or a life with anyone but Jahir. There was nothing I could say to my parents to change their minds. I just sat and listened to my mother and Amunet talk about the plans. My mind was in deep thought, and all I heard were their mumblings.
“Zahra? Are you in there?”
“Huh? Oh, yes Mama, I’m here.”
“Amunet and I will be gathering your dress, jewelry and all the necessities for the wedding. Tawaret, the best seamstress in town has been busy making your dress. She will be done today. Anippe will be by your side today, keeping you company. Our servants have a busy day planned for the both of you including a mud bath, hair washing, nail trimmings, makeup preparation, massages, nutritional meals, and relaxation. You will have a day of fun and leisure to prepare you for the exciting day ahead.
And with those last words, my mother and Amunet were off to run errands. Anippe walked in as they walked out.
“Hi Zahra,” she said shyly. “I suppose we are going to spend the day together.”
“Hi, Anippe. Yes, I suppose so.” I shrugged and looked down.
“It will all be okay Zahra. My brother is a good man! Past that arrogant exterior is a soft hearted, loving man. He will treat you well.”
I couldn’t speak. I just nodded. Even if she were right, it wouldn’t change the fact that my heart belonged to another man.
I quietly went about the day’s events. While Anippe was enjoying her pampering, I was too busy trying to think of ways to get out of that mess. I hoped that Jahir would find out and rescue me. I played out many scenarios in my mind. But it seemed as though there was no easy way out. No exit to this terrible nightmare.
By nightfall my mind was exhausted. I could not think anymore. I was spent, emotionally. My mother and father came home fairly late. Anippe left as soon as they arrived, and was escorted to her home by one of our guards. I began wondering if she was there to watch over me rather than spend time with me. My parents didn’t speak to me much that night. There was nothing to be discussed. The decision was made, and the plans were set in motion. There was no stopping this charade from occurring. I decided to head up the stairs and lay in bed. I was extremely exhausted, and it took only a minute for me to fall asleep. I tossed and turned all night, with nightmares haunting my dreams. I awoke every hour, terrified of the morning Dawn. 


Chapter Eight

I awoke to the scurrying of footsteps all around the house. I felt groggy and discombobulated. I sat up on the edge of my bed and stared at the floor. I was frightened to step down and face the day. I felt frozen, and helpless.
My father showed up at my doorway. “Zahra, dear.”
I turned my head around to face him.
“All we want for you is to be happy. You will understand in time that this is what’s best for you and your future.”
I turned my head back around and lowered my stare to the floor again. I couldn’t speak. I tried to hold back the tears in my eyes.
“I’ll let you wake up. Your mother and some of the servants will be up here shortly to help you prepare for the…”
But before he could breathe another word, my mother was already at my doorway. “Zahra, honey. I brought some servants to help you dress and prepare for the Wedding. We’ll start with your makeup.”
I turned to her and nodded sadly.
The servants walked in and began working on me. By the time I was done, I looked like a real princess. My black, Kohl eyeliner spread from my tear ducts to halfway below my eyebrows. My green eyes were sparkling against the black liner that lined the top and bottom of my eyelids. They placed a red tinted substance on my cheeks to brighten me up. My white dress was sleeveless and was held up tightly by my medium sized chest. The dress hugged my body, and released its hold just below my hips. The bottom portion flowed effortlessly in the wind. The dress had a short train in the back that only trailed a few feet behind me as I walked. I wore my favorite gold necklace, and gold leather sandals. While everyone said I looked very elegant and beautiful, I didn’t feel that way at all. I was consumed with sadness and anguish.
I was left alone in my room after the preparation was done. I sat there for a while in bleak silence. All I could think about was Jahir. How I yearned for his embrace.
Suddenly, I heard a crackling sound hitting my window repeatedly. I got up to investigate. My heart skipped a beat as I saw Jahir hiding behind a tree and throwing sticks at my window. He put his forefinger to his mouth, letting me know to keep quiet. He gestured towards the Nile. I understood. Now I had to figure out a way to sneak out and meet him.
I prepared myself mentally and took a few deep breaths. I knew what to do.
I skipped down the stairs happily, only to find the dumbfounded faces of my parents at the foot of the stairs.
“Zahra, we were just coming up to have a word with you.” My mother stated.
“No need Mama. I completely understand and agree with your decision. I am happy to be marrying Amun. I’ve been silly to think that I was in love with anyone else.” I elucidated with joy.
“Wow, we’re glad to hear that dear.” My father said proudly.
My mother gave me a hug, “I am so proud of you.”
I smiled gracefully. “Mama, Baba, do you mind if I take a stroll to prepare for the Wedding? I would like to work on some vows for Amun.”
My mother looked to my father for approval. He nodded and she responded, “Sure sweetheart, I don’t see why not. I’m glad you’ve had a sudden change of heart.”
I kissed them both on the cheek, turned, and walked out the door. I attempted to keep a slow pace so they wouldn’t suspect anything different. Once I was out of their sights, I started running towards the Nile.  The clouds were dark, and the sun was slowly disappearing behind them. It was a gloomy day, which suited my gloomy mood. I reached the Nile, near my special rock, only to find Jahir standing there, waiting for me.
“Hello Ya Amar, you look absolutely stunning,” he said with open arms.
I gasped with happiness and ran to him. He picked me up and held me close.
“They set the Wedding for today, Jahir,” I stammered.
“I know my love. I heard some people talking about it yesterday.”
I looked at him, surprised.
“How were you able to sneak out?”
“I told my parents that I agreed with their decision and was happy about it. I explained that I needed to work on my vows for Amun.”
His eyes pierced mine with great intensity and sadness. He stuttered, “Are you happy about it?”
“No,” I whispered, “of course not. I want to be with you and only you. You know that.”
He smiled, and planted his lips on mine. He kissed me passionately. He pulled back slowly and began caressing my neck with his lips. His breath was warm and moist. I felt tingles down my spine. His embrace tightened even more as he whispered in my ear, “Run away with me.”
I felt a fluttering in the pit of my stomach. I knew it was the only way I could be with him. I wanted to run away with him and be free to love him. I glanced into his eyes, “Yes. Yes,
I will run away with you,” I agreed. I felt relieved.
He picked me up and swung me around in the air. He lowered me down steadily and stared up at me with a heartwarming smile. “I love you so much, Zahra.” He pulled my neck in and kissed me lustfully. “We must hurry,” he announced, with his lips still touching mine.
I agreed and slipped down and out of his arms. “Where shall we go?”
“Follow me,” he offered his hand. “I know of a town a few miles from here. We can’t stay there, but we can purchase a camel to take us further. I came prepared with gold and silver, just in case.” He pulled out chains of gold and silver from a brown sac that dangled from his belt.
“Where did you get all those precious metals?” I wondered.
“My mother gave me everything she owned. I told her about our love for one another. I devised a plan to flee with you, and she supported the idea. She wants us to be happy, and so she gave me her blessing along with all of her gold and silver.”
“That is such a loving and selfless act.” I put my hand over my heart in appreciation.
He smiled as he put the metals back into the brown sac. “Come now Zahra, we have no time to waste. We must hurry before they realize you’re gone.”
I took hold of his hand and we were off. We started running out of our town, and into some rolling sand dunes. I knew they should have figured out that I was gone too long by now. I felt an urgency to keep running so they wouldn’t catch up to us. I lost my footing and fell.
“Are you okay Zahra?” Jahir asked as he picked me up.
“I’m fine, just a bit nervous about them catching up with us.”
“Me too. We must hurry along. Do you feel well enough to keep going?”
“Yes, I have to. We have to keep running.”
“Okay then,” he smiled lovingly, “let’s move.” He took hold of my hand once again and we ran in unison.
We ran as fast as we could. The weather took a turn for the worst and it started raining heavily. We kept going, despite the muddy ground that now rested beneath our feet. The mucky soil made it more difficult to run at a fast pace. Our feet sank into the ground with each heavy step we took.
We slowed down when we heard loud thumping in the distance, and echoing voices. We came to a halt and looked at one another, wide eyed.
“Jahir, they’re coming! Run!” I screamed, terrified.
We raced as fast as we could.
“Yella! I see them!” I heard a male voice scream.
“Zahra, stop! You must stop!” A deep voice demanded.
I wrapped my head around in the opposite direction to see where this voice was coming from. I couldn’t believe my eyes. There were upwards of twenty men running towards us, with spears in hand. I stumbled and fell.
“Zahra, please, get up. We must hurry.”
“Back off Jahir. Don’t take another step.” The voice said. The sound came from the guard that was leading the pack of men.
Jahir and I froze, unsure of what to do. The rain muddled our view.
“Stay there!” The Guard yelled as loud as he could. He started walking towards us, as the others stayed behind, pointing their spears at us.
“You will not take her,” Jahir insisted as he pulled my hand in an attempt to run again. I started following, and we heard the guard scream in his loudest voice yet.
“WAQF!” The man roared. “I said STOP! I WARNED YOU! Ahmose, NOW!” He shouted.
Jahir and I flipped around to see what he meant. Before we had time to react, I squinted, to see past the thundering rain. One of the guards in the background quickly lifted his right arm, and pointed his spear. He was aiming at Jahir.
My eyes were as wide as the horizon. I paused in horror. The world began pulsating in slow motion. I glanced at Jahir who was as still as a tree, then glared back at Ahmose. Jahir and I were frozen in horror. Ahmose pulled his arm back and used all his strength to eject the spear towards Jahir.
“NO!” My screams echoed through the land. The spear was quickly approaching. Without giving it a second thought, I jolted my body in front of Jahir to protect him. Within a few seconds, the spear pierced through my chest and out my back. With excruciating pain, I collapsed to the ground.
“Zahra, NO!” Jahir screeched. He fell to his knees, wrapped his arms around me and held my head up. “Zahra, why? Why did you jump in front of me? HELP… Somebody PLEASE HELP…”
Tears streamed down my pale face. I looked at him apologetically. “I love you Jahir. You are my soul mate. I wanted so much to share a life with you.” It was difficult to speak with the agonizing pain. I struggled to make complete sentences. “I’m...sorry Jahir. I’m so…sorry.”
His voice quivered, “There’s no need to be sorry Zahra. None of this is your fault.”
The men stood back in shock. No one made a sound or a movement. The silence was broken by the rumbling thunder and rain. A few men instantly ran back to town to find help.
“Please,” Jahir pleaded, “please don’t leave me. Stay with me, help is on the way.”
I moved in and out of consciousness. “I’m here my love,” I grunted in anguish, “it hurts Jahir.”
“Don’t worry Ya Amar, help is on its way. Please keep talking to me.”
“I will miss you Jahir,” I could not imagine a life without Jahir. We’d been inseparable our whole lives. If I had enough strength at this point, I would be bawling my eyes out. But all that I could do was shed a steady, flowing river of tears.
“Zahra, look at me,” he turned my face carefully and looked into my eyes, “please think positive. I promise you this,” he made sure I was listening, “whether you are taken from me today or fifty years from now, I will find a way to be with you again. My love for you is eternal, and cannot be severed.”
“Do you promise?”
“I promise you my love. We will always be together. No matter what happens, our love is unbreakable. Wherever you go after life on this Earth, I will find you!” The heavy rain poured over him and masked his tears. “Wait for me Ya Amar!”
“I will wait for you my love. Until we meet again.” I stared into his eyes, gazing into his soul. With that reassurance, I couldn’t hold on any longer. I had taken my last breath in Jahir’s arms.
Suddenly, I felt no more pain. I was hovering over my lifeless body. I watched Jahir as he mourned, holding my weightless body in his arms.
“Don’t worry my love, we will be together again one day,” I whispered to myself. 


Chapter Nine

It was difficult watching the pain and suffering that engulfed Jahir. After my immediate passing, my parents had been taken to my body and were in complete anguish. They fell to their knees and cursed the Gods. I felt sadness for all of them, but I knew they would find some sort of peace in time. In the mean time, I watched over them, and waited. I waited for my love to find me again someday.
My parents did not punish Jahir in any way. They knew I loved him, and realized that being upset with him would not offer any peace to my soul.
My funeral was quite beautiful and serene. My body was laid out to dry in the sun, and I was wrapped in linen and mummified. There was a mud brick tomb built for me next to my parents’ home. Once I was buried in the tomb, there was a large ceremony in which the whole town gathered. At dusk, everyone met in the center of town and brought a lotus flower and some brought silver pots with candles in the middle. The entire town walked in silence to the Nile River with their offerings in hand. One by one, each person placed their flower or candle lit pot in the flowing river, saying a little prayer to the Gods. It was a picturesque sight. The captivating colors of the lotus flowers and the calming flicker of the candles created a peaceful and beautiful scene. The majestic sunset made the ceremony all the more peaceful. I couldn’t have been more pleased with the ceremony.
Jahir stood alone, far behind everyone else. He was the last one to place his offering into the rippling waters of the Nile River. He brought a small child sized boat, and had filled it with large, stunning Lotus flowers.  A carving on the side of the boat read, eternal love. He placed the clay bowl that we had made together when we were young children, into the boat. He also brought a double adjoining silver pot with a candle on each side. He lit the candles with the lantern he’d brought and gently set the pot in the water. He then placed the boat in the Nile slowly and carefully and recited, “I miss you my Zahra. I will be with you again, Ya Amar! I promise you my love.”
Over the course of the next thirty years, I watched over Jahir. I thought maybe he would choose to find love again and move on with his life. Unfortunately, Jahir never stopped mourning for me. I found him at our special rock, more often than not. He spoke to me constantly, reminiscing about our lives together. He kept reiterating that he would keep his promise that he would find me once again.
My parents had a very rough time after my passing. They blamed themselves in many ways for my tragic, young, severed life. They eventually had another child together and they devoted all their love and attention to him. I viewed it more as a new beginning for them, rather than a replacement of myself. I was happy for them, and glad that they found content and happiness again.
After my parents had passed on, the eldest of my father’s boys’, my half-brother, had taken my father’s place as Pharaoh. After that, I watched many Pharaohs come and go over the years. Never was there one as kind and compassionate as my father had been.
Jahir had passed away in his sleep at the age of 45. He lived a long and lonely life after I had passed away. After he had passed, I hoped I would see his soul in the abyss in which I have traveled. But we never reconnected. I believe that he kept pushing himself back into Earth and lived many lives to try and find me again.
When a soul enters this place some may call heaven, that soul remembers everything of their past. But when re-entering Earth in a different body, the soul forgets who he or she was in a past life. Although a soul does not remember his or her past life or lives when entering another body on earth, the soul still feels a sense of purpose and urge to accomplish certain things in life. Sometimes persistence and other times fate, leads us to what we’ve been searching for.
I believe that throughout his many lives, Jahir would come back to the abyss feeling unfulfilled, and remembering our love. I feel strongly that he kept re-entering Earth to be re-united with me again, but had not been successful yet. Maybe this is the reason why I have not seen him. At least that’s what I hope was happening. Maybe he’s found a better love, or a different love that felt more powerful than ours did. I prayed that wasn’t true. In any case, I have missed him terribly, and I’ve decided that it is time to take my chances, and re-enter the Earth that I once knew. I have waited long enough.
Once I decide to enter a life on Earth, I will remember nothing of my past life, or my dormant life in the abyss. This means that I will not remember my purpose of entering human life again, or have any recollection of even having a past life or a long lost love. But that’s a chance I have to take. My hope is that destiny will reunite us and somehow we will know each other or remember our love for one another.
I would like to believe that we create our own destinies. I wish somewhere hidden in our subconscious, we know our purpose while on Earth, and we find ways to fulfill what we have come to seek and accomplish.  That somehow, our souls are bound and connected by a force we cannot understand. And when we project a wish into the universe, we attract that possibility to us. Then the universe finds a way to bring that wish to reality. While I’m not sure this is the case, it’s a possibility that offers me hope.
Time is endless in this place. I am ready now to enter a world in which time is against. To feel, touch, taste and smell yet again. I prepare to start a new life, unknowing where I will be or what type of life I will lead.
When one decides they are ready to enter human life, they are pushed through this tunnel of possibilities. Call it fate or destiny, but a higher power chooses where you are placed and when. The time has come. My story ends here, and a new one begins…


Chapter Ten

Sunny days are all too common in the beautiful state of California. My name is Harmony Maia, and I grew up in the small town of Oceanside. Born into a Chaldean family on Halloween night, I was always a shy, unsure young girl. I had struggled with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, which hindered me from developing close relationships because of my embarrassment about it. Why am I so anxious? I always wondered. Thoughts were constantly brewing in my mind about the meaning of life and my purpose of life on Earth. Raised in a Catholic family, talk of reincarnation and questioning religion were, among many other subjects, deemed unholy. I struggled to find my place in a world that didn’t seem to make sense to me.
“Why do I have to believe exactly what everyone else believes in this religion?” I often muttered. I wondered sometimes, who God is, and what heaven would be like.
My dad and mom grew up abroad. They both had come separately with their individual families to the United States when they were in their early twenties. They met and married in their mid twenties and had me right away. They say they conceived me on their honeymoon in Las Vegas. They’d followed their traditions closely and still speak Chaldean, their native language, in the home to this day. My parents always stressed how important it was to keep our language alive, because it’s an ancient language, also known as Neo-Aramaic.
My dad, Symon, had gone to college and became a software engineer. He’s since worked for a prestigious software company in La Jolla. He has always been extremely protective of me. My mom, Sara, is quite a bit more open-minded than my dad. Since moving to the States, she’s tried hard to fit the mold of an American. Her favorite and only job has been a homemaker. She says she’s always wanted to be a mother and housewife.
As I entered my teenage years, not much had changed in terms of my demeanor or timid self. But I tried hard to fit into the crowd. Halfway into my senior year of high school, my life was full of fun experiences and good times. My love of music had landed me in a choir class, which introduced me to a group of friends with common interests. I felt like I finally fit in somewhere. Choir had given me opportunities to sing in numerous contests around the state of California, and even compete in the gorgeous island of Oahu, Hawaii. After my trip to the picturesque island, I had returned to school with a renewed sense of self. I was rejuvenated and full of life. I had gone to my Choir class faithfully, trying to never miss a day. Music had always been a wonderful outlet for me.
I was more than midway through my senior year and enjoying every aspect of it. Up to that point, I hadn’t been in any relationships with boys. I just enjoyed spending quality time with my closest girlfriends. Plus, I had been extremely focused on my studies and busy looking into some colleges.
One foggy day, I didn’t have much on the agenda except for school. I woke up lazily to the sound of my radio alarm. I got dressed and drove to school with sleep still in my eyes. Waking up early for school wasn’t too thrilling, but what made it even harder was an overcast morning, like that one, which occurs almost every day in a beach town. Even still, I prepared myself mentally for the school day ahead.
I finished my first three periods and headed up to my fourth period class. Choir class began, and I noticed there was a new a teacher’s assistant in the class. “Why does Mr. Belverne need an assistant?” I questioned. The assistant was my friend Darryl. He had been a friend of mine since middle school.
“You know he joined for you, right?” Sylvia whispered. Sylvia was a close friend of mine.
“What do you mean?” I responded.
“He likes you! Isn’t it obvious?” Sylvia fired back quietly.
Butterflies swirled in my stomach. I never had any boy give me positive attention, let alone enter a class just for me. My cheeks flushed with embarrassment. I had been friends with Darryl for six years, but never thought of him in a romantic sense. Suddenly, I was unsure how I should act around him. It gave me a boost of confidence to know that someone found me attractive and important. I decided not to make too big of a deal about it. After all, Sylvia did like to stretch the truth a bit, so I didn’t want to get too excited.
By the time the class ended, he still hadn’t come to talk to me. Sylvia was apparently wrong about his feelings towards me. At least that’s what I thought. I finished the rest of my school day, and had gone home. I spent the rest of the night studying for my history test I had the next day.
Weeks had passed and I would see Darryl in my choir class every school day, glancing over at me. Maybe there is some truth to what Sylvia said about Darryl. Every time I caught him looking my way, he would turn his head in the other direction. We played this game of shy glances for about a month. We weren’t talking much at that point. I think we both were unsure of what to do or how to act with one another.
I enjoyed sharing these innocent gazes with Darryl every time we were in class together. But I was really hoping he would decide to speak to me soon. I was getting a bit impatient. So one day, just like any other school day, I had finished my morning courses and made my way to Choir class. Everything seemed normal as usual. Darryl and I peeked at one another constantly. But something changed. Darryl didn’t turn away. He kept gazing at me and winked every time I would look at him. As the class was singing a song, I looked over at him. To my surprise, he was trying to whisper something to me. I tried to make out what he was saying. I scrunched my eyebrows in confusion. He then proceeded to lick his lips and open his mouth wider. He moved his lips and I then understood that he was whispering: you are so beautiful.
I bit my lip in excitement and smiled. I couldn’t wipe that smile off of my face for the remainder of the class period. Even as I sang, my lips remained cemented in an upward position.
Darryl finally built up the courage to come and talk to me after class. “Hi Harmony!”
It’s about time you talk to me! It took you long enough! Quickly, I swayed my hair back with my fingers, lifted my chest, and batted my eyelashes up at him so innocently. Gosh, he’s cute!
He was six-feet tall and lean in stature. His hair was dishwater blonde and long, past his ears. He slicked it back with his hands constantly. He was the epitome of a California surfer dude.
“Hi Darryl!” I was surprised, but curious as to what he would say.
“Listen, if you’re not busy this weekend, would you like to go to the movies with me on Friday?”
Hesitating for a moment, I looked up at him and smiled. “Ya, I’d like that!” I tried so hard to hold back my excitement.
“Ok, do you want me to pick you up?”
“No, no!” Oops, I didn’t mean to blurt that out so loudly, but my parents didn’t believe in dating. I had to keep this information on the down low; for no reason other than the fact that it was utterly embarrassing that I wasn’t allowed date. “I mean, how about I pick you up? I insist.”
I hoped he wouldn’t ask why.
“Okay then, I’ll see you Friday.” He smiled and walked out of the classroom.
Whew, that was easy. I swiped my forehead in relief.
I started my short trip to my next class. I felt exhilarated and overcome with joy. I couldn’t wait to experience my first real date.


Chapter Eleven

Friday night rolled around fairly quickly. I was in my room rummaging through my crowded closet. Even though I had so many outfits, none of them seemed all that great. Finally, I stumbled upon one of my favorite deep green button up shirts. Its short sleeves were puffed slightly over my shoulders and a short way down my arm. It hugged my slim waistline and made my chest look perky. Perfect, I thought. I paired the shirt with a pair of black flared pants and high heels. Sure, it was a bit fancy, but I wasn't sure how to dress. I wanted to look and feel great on my first real date; so I decided that the outfit I chose would suffice.
I sat on my bed for a moment, thinking about Darryl and wondering when he began to find interest in me. I had known him for a while, and never noticed anything more than friendship between us. I daydreamt about how the date would play out that night. Maybe we’d watch a romantic movie, hold hands, and share a sensuous kiss. All of that sounded so very exciting.
Good thing he isn’t allowed to pick me up, because my room is a mess! I had been so busy worrying about the date all week that I hadn’t even paid any attention to my room. Normally, my room was very organized and clean. It was very girly, with a pink comforter set and a pink rug in the corner of the room. I had a cute little desk chair and table in that corner with the rug. My computer rested on the desk. It was an old one, but I just used it for schoolwork. My room was very different from the rest of the house. My mom’s taste was very fancy and elegant. She loved velvet and silk materials. Our house dazzled in yellows, sandy browns and terracotta. We had lots of large, oversized and very heavy furniture. Hard wood floors were in most areas of our home. Carpet lined the bedrooms and the bathrooms all had natural stone. Our backyard was filled with fruit trees, grass, flowers and a vegetable garden. There was a covered patio with chairs that had burnt red colored coverings and two Greek God statues stood in each corner of the yard. The front of our home had a large grass lawn and a massive 3-tier waterfall feature. I guess you could say that my mom was heavily influenced by Tuscan Style living.  Our house was a bit ostentatious, but everyone seemed to love it.
Wow, I need to hurry, or I’ll be late!
I snatched my purse off my dresser and ran down the stairs. I had already told my parents that I was going out with Sylvia to the movies, so I said bye quickly and was out the door. I felt giddy and energetic. I rolled the windows down in my car, blasted the radio and sang along to all the songs that came on. I wonder if he’s as excited as I am. I sure hope so.
It took only fifteen minutes to arrive. I pulled up into the driveway of his quaint home. I checked my makeup once more in the rear view mirror. I saw the garage begin to open and quickly pushed the rear view mirror back in place and opened my door. I started to walk towards the front door when a woman walked out of the garage.
“Hi, I’m Delilah, Darryl’s Mom.” Delilah looked as though she never left the 1980’s with her huge blown out hair and sky high bangs. She wore black tights and an oversized red shirt that read Poison. Her makeup was fairly natural looking, except for her rosy cheeks and blue eye shadow.
“Oh Hello M’am. My name is Harmony. I’m picking Darryl up to go to the movies.”
“I know dear, he told me. He’s just getting out of the shower. He should be out in a minute.” She gazed at me for a moment, “So have you two known each other a while?”
“Oh yes, since middle school.” It was quiet for a moment, unsure what to talk about. I looked at her shirt again. “I love that group, Poison! I used to watch them on MTV when I was a kid.”
“Wow, I thought you would be too young to know them. Ya, they were one of my favorites, along with Guns ‘N Roses, Aerosmith, and Black Sabbath. Jeez, I can go on and on. Well, anyway, that was very nice of you to come pick up Darryl. I should probably check on him and let him know you’re here.”
Just as she started walking back into the garage the front door opened. “Hi Harmony!”
“Hey Darryl, your mom and I were just getting acquainted.”
“Uh oh, you didn’t embarrass me, did you Mom?”
“Me, embarrass you? Nah, of course not,” Delilah smirked, “it was nice to meet you Harmony. You two have fun! Love you son.”
“Love you too Mom.”
“Nice to meet you too M’am.”
Delilah waltzed into the house and shut the garage.
I smiled and looked at Darryl. “So you ready?”
“Ya, I’m ready.” He walked up to me and gave me a big hug and titled his head towards the car. “Come on let’s go.”
He walked me over to my door and opened it for me. “My lady!” He smirked.
“Awe thank you. How chivalrous!”
“Yup, that’s me.”
I could tell that he got his sense of humor from his mother. Their personalities seemed very similar.
The car ride was quiet, but not awkward. We sat there smiling and holding each other’s hands ever so gently. When we arrived at the movie theater, Darryl opened my door for me again. He put his hand out to help me up and closed the door for me. I loved all that positive attention. I hoped he would be like that all the time!
We decided to watch The Fast and the Furious. It was definitely a movie geared towards men, but I enjoyed it. We held hands the whole time. Once it was over, we decided to go to Denny’s down the street.
“I come here pretty often with friends after Choir concerts.” That restaurant held a lot of fond memories for me.
“Really? Well, maybe I can join you next time.”
“Sure, I’d like that.”
We talked for a while about our school years and what we were planning on doing after High School Graduation. We sat there for about two hours just talking and slowly eating our food. Once we were done with dinner, I knew I had to head home.
“It’s getting pretty late. My parents expect me home by eleven.”
“Ok. Well, thank you so much for coming out with me tonight. I had a great time.”
“Me too, Darryl.”
The waitress brought the check and set it in the middle of the table.
“I’ll get it,” Darryl grabbed the check as fast as he could, “please, I insist.”
“Thank you Darryl. You already paid for the movie, though. Are you sure you don’t want me to pay for dinner, or at least split it?”
“No, not at all. My treat.” Darryl looked up for a second and winked at me. Then he looked back down and started pulling out cash from his wallet.
He paid for our meal and we headed out.
“Would you like me to drive Harmony?”
“Well, sure.” I handed him the keys.
He opened the passenger door for me and shut the door behind me. “I can get used to this,” I muttered to myself.
Darryl started the car and took a different route to his home.
“Where are we going?”
“We’re taking the long way to my house. I want to spend as much time with you as possible before I have to let you go.” He took hold of my hand and squeezed it.
“Sounds good to me!”
“Have you heard of the story of Resurrection Mary?”
“I’ve heard about it, but I don’t know the whole story. Isn’t she buried in Resurrection Cemetery?”
“Yes. Well, Resurrection Mary was one of the first people to be buried in the Resurrection Cemetery on Mission Ave. She was seventeen and just about to graduate High School. On Prom night, she was driving home with her boyfriend and three of her friends. They were having a great time when all of a sudden a drunk driver hit their car. Resurrection Mary was the only one that died that night. They say she still wanders the streets, unaware that she’s dead. She walks the streets in her blood stained white dress, calling out for Timothy, her boyfriend.” His voice trailed into an eerie whisper.
“Wow, that’s pretty morbid, but I love ghost stories.”
“Good because we’re going to drive past Resurrection Cemetery on the way to my house,” he chuckled.
“Really? Oh jeez, I don’t know about that. That sounds so scary! It’s too dark!”
“That makes it more fun!”
As curious as I was to drive past the cemetery, I was scared out of my wits. But I acted cool about it and tried not to look like a wimp.
We turned onto Mission Avenue, “It’s coming up on the right.”
I felt a quiver up and down my spine. He drove next to the cemetery especially slow. Suddenly he swerves into the gated entrance, slams on the breaks, and shines the bright headlights on the cemetery. “Come on out Resurrection Mary!”
“Oh my gosh, stop. This is so scary!” I was half joking, half serious. Mainly, I was completely terrified that Resurrection Mary was going to show up next to my passenger window.
Darryl started cracking up. “Wow, you should have seen your face. I’m sorry, I couldn’t resist.”
“Ha ha ha…” I said sarcastically. “Can we please get out of here now? This place is giving me the creeps.”
“Ok, let’s go. Would you like to drive?” Darryl smirked as he starts opening his door.
“No thanks! I don’t want to get out of my car in front of this cemetery. This is super creepy.”
“Just kidding. Okay, let’s go. For real this time!”
“Thank you!” Well, he’s mature! I thought sarcastically to myself. I liked that he had a sense of humor, but he definitely took it over the top.
We finally arrived to his house. Darryl opened his door and walked over to the passenger side to open my door for me. He helped me out of the car and gave me a hug. “Thanks for tonight. It was fun!” He gave me a kiss on the cheek.
“It was my pleasure. Thank you for picking up the tabs.”
“You think we can do this again sometime?”
“I’d love to.” I smiled and gave him one last hug. There was something so fun and adventurous about Darryl. He was a little bit of a wild child, but I liked that.
I hopped in my car and Darryl shut the door for me. I backed out of the driveway and waved bye. He waited in one spot and watched me leave. I headed home the fast way. There’s no way I was going past Resurrection Cemetery alone at that time of night. 


Chapter Twelve

Darryl and I ended up calling each other boyfriend and girlfriend. We’d spent almost every day with one another since our first date. He was romantic at first, bringing me flowers and drinks every morning in school. My parents were very strict, so they didn’t know about my relationship with Darryl. I had to fib and say I was with a close girlfriend every time I was with him.
Darryl had asked me to prom about a month after we began dating. I was ecstatic about the idea of going to prom with him. We had gone shopping for a dress and tux, and all the accessories needed for prom. We were both so very excited about that night. My parents said it was okay to attend with my friends. I, of course hadn’t told them about Darryl going or being my date.
The day before Prom, I was on the phone with Darryl discussing our plans for the next day. My mom yelled from downstairs, asking for the phone. I asked her for a few more minutes.
My dad came upstairs and into my room after ten minutes had passed and said, “Hand me the phone right now, I want to know who you’re talking to. You’re always on the phone for hours at a time.”
I refused to hand it to him, but he snatched the phone from my hands. Unfortunately, he heard Darryl’s voice on the other end of the line. My dad was furious and screamed into the phone, “Don’t ever call my daughter or talk to her ever again.”
I was extremely embarrassed and hurt by my dad. He then looked at me and said, “You aren’t going anywhere tomorrow. I’m taking your keys away! You know better than to talk to boys!”
My parents had come from a very strict background. In our culture, it’s inappropriate to date unless you’re engaged. A man must court a woman only with serious intentions to marry.
My heart sank to my stomach and I began crying hysterically. I didn’t know how I was going to call and explain the situation to Darryl. He would be so upset. I didn’t have a cell phone, so I had to wait until my parents were asleep that night. I snuck downstairs as soon as my parents were sound asleep.
I dialed his number. “Darryl?”
“Hey, Harmony. Are you okay? What happened?”
I explained to him that my Dad was overprotective and extremely upset.
“Well, is there any way you can sneak out?”
“No, I can’t. I would be in big trouble if I did that.”
“But we already paid for the limo and all the clothes and flowers.”
I started sobbing, “I know, I’m so sorry. There’s nothing I can do.”
“Harmony?” I heard my mom’s voice from upstairs.
“Sorry Darryl, I have to go. I’m so sorry. Just go have fun without me. I’ll see you at school.”
I hung up quickly. “Mom, I’m just getting a drink of water. Go back to bed.”
Tears streamed down my face and I felt as if I was hyperventilating. I slowly picked up my feet one by one and walked up the stairs. I closed my bedroom door and spent most of the night sobbing. I finally fell asleep after exhausting myself from crying.
I wasn’t able to make it to Prom. Darryl was extremely upset, and he blamed me for not defying my father and finding a way to go anyway. His attitude about the whole situation did not sit well with me. I wanted him to be a bit more supportive and understanding. Our culture differences proved to be too contrasting for his liking.
In a few months we graduated high school and were still together after that. I was in college studying psychology and he was taking some time off to figure out what he wanted to do. Eventually, we drifted apart. We were no longer as happy as we once were. He was partying on a daily basis, occupying his time with friends and other people. He wasn’t ready to grow up just yet. I was busy studying in school and working a part-time retail job.
I met him at his home one day, which was exactly a month before our two-year anniversary. He sat me down and looked at me with a very serious expression.
He said, “I’ve joined the military and will be leaving for boot camp in a few weeks. I think we should take a break from relationship status and just be friends.”
I was extremely hurt with his casual demeanor about the whole situation. Yet a part of me was relieved. I just knew in my gut, that we weren’t meant to be together. I consistently daydreamt about how life would be with someone else that I was completely and utterly in love with. While I loved and cared about Darryl very much, I knew I hadn’t found my soul mate.
I responded with a nod and told him I understood his position. I left his home soon after that to re-evaluate my life. That was the end of my high school dating chapter, and I hoped for a new, and brighter beginning to come. 


Chapter Thirteen

“Harmony, come downstairs. We’re making Turkish coffee,” my grandmother said in her strong accent, from the foot of the stairs.
“Okay Nana, i’ll be right there,” I responded happily, while still rubbing the sleep out of my eyes.
My grandmother was an amazing character. She had always been extremely independent, full of life, and ready for new experiences. We’d had a very close relationship my whole life. I loved it when we she would come over and we’d have Turkish coffee, because she would read my fortune afterwards. We would drink the coffee out of little Espresso cups, and after the cup is only one quarter full, then we’d flip it over on its coaster and ask questions that we’d want answered. After the cup rests for a bit, we’d flip the cup right side up again and my grandmother would read the grounds that have accumulated in the cup. Most of the time my grandmother’s predictions seemed to come true.
I ran down the stairs, “Hi Nana!”
“Hi Habibi. Where’s my bosa?” My grandmother asked as she puckered her lips. She always loved to squeeze my cheeks and kiss me about five times.
I embraced her and prepared myself for her kissing attack.
“Ok, I’m ready.” I sat down and wiped my face when she wasn’t looking. We drank our coffee in the comfortable family room. We were silent, mostly taking time to enjoy the quiet. I gazed around the brightly lit room. Two oversized windows illuminated the small, but elegant family room. A large ten-foot statue of the Virgin Mary and Jesus stood in one corner, and an antique clock stood in the other corner of the room. The carpet under our feet was soft and plush. The couches were made of a rich maroon and sandy brown colored velvety material and the legs were beautifully carved cherry wood. There were grand pillows on the couches with golden embellishments on them. Although the room felt a bit gaudy, it was cozy nonetheless.
I drank most of my coffee and let it rest for about a minute. Without hesitation, I quickly put the coaster above the espresso cup, asked a few questions silently, and flipped the cup upside down. I made sure the coaster was held tightly against the cup while I flipped it, so I wouldn’t spill a drop of coffee on the cream colored carpet.
I was eager to know what the cup would reveal for me that day. I’d entered a new chapter in my life, and I was curious to know where life would take me after my break up with Darryl. Like any typical girl, I wanted to find true love. So I asked whom I would meet next and when I would most likely meet them. While I didn’t expect to receive answers to these very specific questions, I hoped to gain some insight on these topics at the very least.
“Okay Habibi, let’s start. Are you ready?” My grandmother rolled her r’s as she spoke. She smirked. She knew I was ready.
“Yes, yes, let’s begin!” I jumped up from the couch excitedly.
“Wait, hon. before you begin.” My mom raced down the stairs. She was taking the day to clean out her closet and donate all of her old clothes.
“Yes, Mom?”
“Your dad and I bought you something last night.” She had her hands behind her back.
“What is it?”
“Well, I was going to wait for your dad to come home, but he just called and has to work late tonight. So he told me to go ahead and give it to you.” She reached her arms around in front of her and handed me a cell phone.
“Really? A cell phone?”
“Yes,” she clasped her hands together and put them in front of her mouth in excitement. “Are you excited?”
“Yes, thank you so much!” I jumped up and gave her a hug. “I could’ve bought one. You guys didn’t have to do this.”
“Well, that’s true, you could have. But we wanted you to save your money. Plus, you need a cell phone for safety reasons or if you need to reach us for anything.”
“Thanks so much! This one’s not cheap either.”
“We’re just so proud of you and all that you’re doing with your life.”
“Thanks Mom. I’ll thank Dad when he comes home tonight.”
“Okay honey, I’ll leave you to your reading.”
“Ok, thanks!” I couldn’t wait to call my friends, whom all had cell phones for about two years. They were surely going to be thrilled that they could reach me at any time from that point on. I decided to wait and call them later. For now, I wanted to hear my fortune! “Nana, I’m ready!”
 	“Ok let me see.” She squinted her eyes in concentration. “Well, I tell you, that you have very large letter P on the bottom of your cup. This person with letter P will enter your life and have import impact on your future. They will bring change to your life. I’m not sure if it’s good or bad, but they have two sides. I know this because the letter P has another P attached to it but backwards. So my instinct tells me that there is a side that they show to others, and a side they show to you. So keep eyes out for letter P. Oh, wait a minute.” My grandmother furrowed her brows. “Hmm…” My grandmother’s accent made was so strong that I had to listen very carefully to her words.
“What is it Nana?”
“It doesn’t matter Habibi.”
“No, tell me.”
“Oh it is nothing.” She was firm in her statement. I knew that she wasn’t going to reveal any more to me about that subject.
“Hmm… Okay, I guess.” I was curious as to why she acted so weird about what she saw, but I decided to move on from that particular part of my cup reading. “What else?”
“Here,” she points her finger at a particular spot in the cup, “looks like you will take trip somewhere. You will fly a plane to this place. Also, looks like your life and, how you say? Uh, career?”
“Uhuh, career.”
“Yes, your life and career path are going to take different way. Keep look out for these things, and think before you make any decision. You seem happy in your life and your heart is open and ready for new things.”
I smiled; satisfied with the cup reading. “Thanks Nana, I appreciate it.” I thought about her hesitation earlier. “Nana, what was it that you didn’t want to tell me.”
“Well, just know this: sometimes life seems hard, but there are reasons for this and you grow in these times. Just remember that.”
“Ok. Thanks Nana.”
“Anytime Habibi! Come over here, let me teach you how to read.”
I eagerly jumped up and sat next to her. She explained to me how to read the grounds and what signs to look for. Mostly, it was all based on intuition. It was fun to learn cup reading. I couldn’t wait to see if her predictions would pan out. 


Chapter Fourteen

Ring, ring, ring…
I awoke from my sleep, abruptly, “Hello?”
“Harmony it’s Sylvia. Listen, there’s a party I want to go to tonight. It’s at Mission Beach. There’s gonna be a bonfire and a whole bunch of new people. You wanna go?”
“Oh jeez Sylvia, it’s like six in the morning. Are you seriously this awake and enthusiastic right now?”
“Ugh, well, my dog woke me up at five, and I couldn’t go back to sleep. Come on, you need to get out a little bit. You’ve been such a homebody since Darryl left. You need to get out and enjoy your life a bit, and take advantage of this awesome summer weather.” She was right. I had been a bit withdrawn since Darryl’s departure into the military.
“Maybe, let me wake up first, and I’ll call you back.”
“Okay, I guess. We’re gonna be playing volleyball and barbecuing too! Just saying…”
“Okay, okay, I’ll go.”
“Yay! Cool Harmony, call me when you’re awake, and we’ll talk about it some more.”
“Okay goodnight.” I hung up before I realized that it was morning. I was so exhausted. I was trying to rush off of the phone to finish my dream. The dream was mostly vague, but there were a few very vivid moments. The strangest thing was the feeling that the dream left me with. I was engulfed in this feeling of pure love and ecstasy.
I remember being in a desert, and watching the soothing ripples of a river. I recall seeing a rather large, mythical looking lotus flower floating effortlessly in the water. In the distance, I noticed a man with dark, long hair that rested just below his ears. He looked rather stately and strong. From what I could see, he looked lean, but muscular. He had his hand out, as if he were reaching for me. I had never felt such a rush of love and commitment ever before. I was completely drawn to him and his grandeur presence. He started to open his mouth to say something, and that’s when I was awakened by the sound of my phone ringing.
I hoped that I could relive those feelings in real life. Maybe that was a premonition about finding my true love. The P name my grandmother talked about. Suddenly, I felt thrilled about the get together at the beach. I decided to get up out of bed and prepare for the day.
I walked downstairs to make a cup of coffee. “Hey, Mom!”
“Good Morning hon. There’s some fresh coffee in the pot if you’d like some.”
“Oh, thank you. That’s exactly what I wanted,” I yawned. “Mom? Sylvia and I are going to a get together today at Mission Beach. We might be out a bit late. I might ask her to spend the night. Do you mind?”
My Mom smirked and tilted her head sideways. “No I suppose not. But she’s not going to bring that creepy Ouija Board again, is she?”
“No Mom, she won’t. In fact I think she threw it away a few days ago.” I reassured her as I poured my coffee into a cup and added French Vanilla creamer. My favorite!
“Good. I don’t like that hocus pocus stuff in my house.”
I sat on the plush couch, nodding in agreement. The last time Sylvia spent the night was very eerie and unsettling. She had bought the Ouija board the day before she had spent the night. She thought it would be fun to experiment with the other side. I have to admit, I was a bit curious myself. I’d always been interested in the unknown and unexplained. In fact, I’d had many paranormal experiences when I was a young child. The paranormal had always fascinated me.
It was about a month ago. Sylvia, along with my other friends Chloe and Zoe were coming over to my house for a slumber party. Mud Masks, frozen cucumbers, sparkly nail polish, and ice cream were a few of the many other items I had purchased for the night ahead. It was going to be a night full of girl talk, laughter and pampering. Everyone showed up around five in the evening.
“Hey girls, how’s it going?” I yelped excitedly, giving everyone a big bear hug as soon as I opened the door.
“Hi, I brought chips and salsa,” Zoe said.
“I came prepared with soda,” Chloe chimed in.
“Well, I brought something a bit different this time.” Sylvia languidly pulled the Ouija board out of a paper bag.
We all gasped in awe.
“Whoa, I’ve never played the Ouija board.” I looked at it hesitantly, but curious enough to want to try it.
“Awesome,” Zoe grabbed it and started reading the back of the box.
“Ooh let me see!” Chloe scooted next to Zoe to look at the box.
“Okay girls, let’s go inside. I rented The Exorcist!! I’ve seen it before, but it’s been a while.”
We all relaxed in the living room while we talked about boys and munched on chips and salsa. I started the movie while we were hanging out. My parents had gone out for a few hours for a church event.
“Let’s put some mud masks on!” Chloe said exuberantly with her very bubbly and outgoing personality.
“Sounds good to me!”  Zoe seconded that statement. Zoe was usually a very introverted quiet person, but with us, she was outspoken and energetic. We’d all been friends for most of our lives, so we treated one another more like sisters.
“I’ll go get the mud masks and frozen cucumbers. Be right back!” I ran to the kitchen and opened up the freezer to retrieve the frozen cucumbers. Next, I found the mud masks in the grocery bag on the kitchen counter. I walked back over to the girls, in the living room. “Hey, you guys already started painting your nails?”
“Oh my gosh Harmony, this nail polish is so pretty! Where’d you get it?” Sylvia looked up at me with her eyes wide open in amazement.
“Umm... Sally’s beauty supply, I think.”
“Love the sparkles,” Sylvia added.
“Yeah this is really nice. All our toes are gonna match!” Zoe raved.
Chloe was focused on painting her toes perfectly. I decided to set the mud masks and cucumbers down on the coffee table, and paint my toes as well.
Once we had all finished, we applied mud masks to our faces and lay on the floor with the cucumbers on our eyes.
“Hey, have you talked to Darryl recently,” Chloe wondered.
“No, not at all. I think he’s trying to keep his distance so we both can move on. I’m okay with it. I’m ready to just enjoy being alone, but I definitely wouldn’t mind finding prince charming.”
“I hear ya there sister,” Sylvia whispered.
We all giggled at her comment.
“So when are we going to play the Ouija Board?” Zoe questioned loudly.
“Whenever you want. I guess we’re not into watching the movie much, so we can play after we wash off our masks.” I answered.
“I’m so excited,” Chloe commented.
“Me too! I’ve never tried it before, but we’ll read the directions. Let’s light some candles and turn off all the lights while we play!” Sylvia was very serious about making this experience as authentically chilling as it could be.
I announced that I was going to get up and wash my face. The girls followed me into the bathroom, and one by one we all threw away our cucumbers and washed our faces. Our faces were soft and supple afterwards. The mud masks left our skin feeling shiny and refreshed.
I gathered some candles from all over the house and brought them to the round dining table. I lit them and turned off the lights while Sylvia took the Ouija board out of its box, and placed it gently in the middle of the table. We all gathered around the table, and prepared to play.
“So, we’re all going to ask questions one by one, and put our fingers on the Planchette. It’s supposed to move when we ask a question. But make sure you aren’t doing the moving.” Sylvia explained the rules.
We all looked at each other in the dim, cold, candle lit dining room. Every one of us seemed a bit spooked, yet inquisitive at the same time. Sylvia directed us in placing our hands on the Planchette, and declared that she would begin the game.
“Ready everyone?” Sylvia asked.
We all nodded. I gazed around the room and everyone was wide-eyed and stiff as a board. The wind whistled through the room and a cold breeze swept past us. The curtains of the open windows rustled and danced eerily.
“Is there anyone here with us?” Sylvia demanded loudly.
We waited a minute, but nothing happened.
Sylvia asked another question, “How many people are in this room?”
Instantly, the Planchette began to move. It slithered across the board and landed on the number 6.
“Yeah right,” I threw my hands up in the air. “Really, who moved it?”
Sylvia, Chloe and Zoe all promised they had not moved it. There were only the four of us girls in the room. The room became frigid and eerie.
“Let’s keep going,” Zoe whispered. “Chloe, it’s your turn to ask a question.”
We all placed our hands on the Planchette again.
“How old are you?” Chloe hesitantly asked.
Our hands were directed to the number 6. Then the Planchette spelled the word AND. Then it glided over to the number 3, and after that, 9.
“So one of you is 6 and one of you is 39?” Zoe decided to use her question to confirm the last answer.
The board moved to the word: yes. We were all terrified at this point. The candles began to flicker, and the room grew colder.
“What are your names?” I asked. The Planchette spelled out Ian and Meredith.
“When did you die?” Sylvia wasted no time asking the next question.
The table began to quiver slightly. Then finally the board answered 1871. Our faces watched in horror as the spirits revealed more information through the board.
“So you two passed away at the same time?” Chloe questioned.
The Planchette moved to the word: yes.
Now, everyone was intrigued. We kept the flow of questions going at a fast pace. Zoe was next to ask a question. “Are you related?”
The Planchette was still on the word yes. It moved off of the word and circled around it, then landed on it once again.
“Wow, this is crazy!” Zoe screeched.
“I know, this is super creepy!” Chloe responded.
Sylvia interrupted in a serious tone, “Now you Harmony!”
“What happened to you?” I asked. I waited, but the Planchette never moved. We all glanced at one another.
“Ask another question,” Sylvia whispered.
So, I asked another question, “Are you still here?” Still, there was no response.
Sylvia asked nervously, “Is there anyone else here?”
A few seconds passed, and the Planchette finally moved. It moved to the word: yes. Sylvia glanced at Chloe, and nodded her head; gesturing for her to ask the next question.
Chloe spoke reluctantly, “What is your name?”
Our fingers were led to the letters I, then S, I, and S again.
“Isis? I’ve never heard that name before.” Zoe commented. We all gazed at one another.
All of a sudden, the Planchette began to move before we could ask the next question.
It spelled out the name: Harmony.
A bit baffled, I asked, “Who’s Harmony?”
Harmony, the board had spelled again.
“Oh my gosh!” Zoe yelped.
“Wow,” Sylvia added, looking bewildered.
“What’s going on here?” Chloe looked frightened.
“Me?” Unsure that I wanted an answer, but I felt compelled to ask.
The Planchette started moving in circles and finally began to spell out the word: yes, then moved away from the board, and back again to spell the word: dear.
“Yes dear,” I whispered to myself. Who is this? I felt shivers up and down my spine. The room suddenly felt ice cold.
The Planchette began moving again. It slowly outlined this message: Troubles precede you. Persist patiently through tribulation, for your destiny awaits you.
“What does that mean?” I was baffled.
Just then I almost jumped out of my chair when I heard my mom’s voice in the background chatting on her cell phone. She turned on the lights. “Hold on a sec,” she murmured to the phone, “what’s going on guys?”
“Why was it so dark in here?” My dad stumbled in.
“Oh, hi Mom. Hi Dad. We’re just playing a game.” I said innocently.
“I’m gonna have to call you back,” she spoke into the phone. She looked irritable as she walked over to us. “This isn’t a game. This is the Ouija Board. I don’t like this being played in my house, girls. Let’s put it away.”
“Sorry Mrs. Maia, I brought it over. I’ll pack it up and put it in the car.” Sylvia said apologetically.
“Thanks Sylvia. You girls are just asking for bad things when you mess with that stuff. You don’t know what kind of doors you’re opening up.”
“Mom, the strangest thing happened. One of the spirits that communicated with us knew my name and gave me a message.”
“You know what, Harmony, it’s best to never think about it or discuss it again. I want you conserving your energy for more positive, worthwhile activities. I don’t want you dabbling into things you know nothing about.”
“But I just want to tell you the message.”
She put her hands up in the air, “No, I’d rather not hear about it. Whatever it is, don’t worry about it. Everything is fine. Do not believe whatever that board tells you. It’s witchery.”
“Fine,” I replied, irritated with her closed mindedness, “come on girls, let’s head upstairs.”
“Be right there Harmony. I’m just going to put the game in my car,” Sylvia yelled as she walked out the door.
We all went up the stairs and discussed my message that I received from this woman named Isis. I kept wondering who this Isis person was, and why she gave me that message. How did she know me? Most of the rest of the night’s conversations were about the Ouija Board experience. I was scared to go to sleep that night. The whole experience gave me an eerie feeling. Thankfully, my girlfriends were there, and they made it a bit easier for me to fall asleep.
Although I didn’t want to play the Ouija board again, I was glad I did that night. 


Chapter Fifteen

As I prepared for the party at Mission Beach, I couldn’t help but think about the Ouija Board message I had received over a month ago. I had forgotten about it until my mom brought it up again. Thoughts whirled around in my mind about finding the love of my life. I wasn’t sure if true love even existed. Maybe it was just a made up folktale that existed solely in movies. I remained hopeful that it was real and attainable. I recalled the messages from the Ouija Board and my grandmother’s cup reading. I hoped that those messages would mean that I would soon find my one true love. I supposed that only time would tell.
By 4 p.m. I had finished showering and styling my hair. I applied mostly subtle, natural looking makeup. My eyes were the stars of the show. They were lined with dark black eyeliner on the top and bottom of my eyelids. The eyeliner on my top lids flared up and out past my eyes, emphasizing their almond shape. My dark hair, and blonde streaks only enhanced my light brown eyes and olive skin tone. Like most Middle Eastern women, my makeup was focused mainly around my eyes. I like to believe that the eyes are the doors to the soul. Eyes are always the first attribute I notice about people. Some are warm and inviting, others are loving and caring, and some may be cold and withdrawn. Everyone tells a story through his or her eyes.
The phone rang. “Harmony, Sylvia’s on the phone!” My mom yelled from downstairs.
“Coming!” I secured my towel that I still had on and ran downstairs. “Thanks Mom,” I said as I grabbed the phone.
“Harmony?”
“Hey Sylvia, what’s going on? Why didn’t you call my cell?”
“I lost your cell number. I never plugged it into my phone, I just wrote it down on a piece of paper. So I’ll have to get that from you again. Anyway, just wanted to let you know that I’m leaving the house in five minutes and picking you up. Are you ready to go?”
“Um, I guess I will be by the time you get here. I just have to finish getting dressed. See you soon!”
“Ok, bye!” Sylvia hung up.
“Oh geez, I have to hurry,” I muttered to myself.
I ran up the stairs to rummage through my closet and choose an outfit. I tried on multiple outfits before I decided on the right one. It was a short, yellow summer strapless dress. I felt like a free spirit in the dress. I imagined myself dancing around on the sandy beach freely, with my hair blowing in the wind and my dress cascading effortlessly around me. Since we were going to the beach, I decided to wear flat, white sandals. To match my sandals I accessorized with a white purse, and a white beaded, matching necklace and bracelet. I applied my favorite perfume: Hypnotic Poison, to my wrists and neck. I was ready for the night ahead. I remembered to bring a white cotton cardigan with me, because it would probably be cold and windy on the beach at night.
The doorbell rang. Then I heard three consecutive knocks.
“I’ll get it!” I ran downstairs with my purse and cardigan in hand. I opened the door and Sylvia was standing there, accompanied by Zoe and Chloe.
“Surprise!” They all said simultaneously.
“Whoa, what are you all doing here?”
“Nice to see you too!” Zoe exclaimed.
Chloe smiled, “Well, Sylvia told us about the party, and we thought it sounded too fun to pass up. Besides, we want to make sure you have a good time and you are open to meeting some new people. By new people I mean, hot guys!” Chloe laughed at herself.
“Well, I’m glad you guys made it. Sounds fun! But I don’t want any match making going on. I’m open to meeting new people, but I just want to have a good time and take things slow.”
“Sounds like a plan! Come on, let’s go!” Sylvia started walking towards her car. “Do you all want to ride with me? It’ll be easier to car pool. Parking might be a nightmare.”
“Sure! That’s a great idea!” Zoe said.
Chloe nodded, “Ya, great!”
“Bye Mom, bye Dad, I’m leaving. I’ll be back before midnight!”
I heard my mom and dad say bye, and I shut the front door behind me. Sylvia, Chloe, Zoe and I all got into Sylvia’s car.
“Apparently, I didn’t get the memo about wearing jeans to the party.” I was the only one in a dress.
“Sorry, I didn’t know what anyone was wearing either. I just figured I’d be comfortable.” Sylvia stated, apologetically.
“Oops, Zoe and I did plan on wearing jeans. I guess we should’ve communicated that.” Chloe replied.
“No worries, I’m just kidding, it’s really no big deal. So who’s going to this get together anyway?”
Sylvia answered, “Well, it’s a friend from work who’s throwing this party, and a whole bunch her friends are going, and they’re bringing their friends. I think there’s gonna be about thirty people, including us.”
“That sounds fun! I can’t wait!” I was excited to get out into the world and start mingling again. I’ve been a bit of a hermit since Darryl left.
“Wahoo, let’s bump some music!” Zoe screamed.
Sylvia turned on the radio and blasted the sound. We all danced and sang in our seats to the tune of the song.
“I love this song!” Chloe roared.
We all sang in unison, “Baby you’re a Firework! Come on show ‘em what you’re worth...”
We sang the whole way there, to songs from an array of genres.
We finally arrived at Mission Beach at around 5 p.m. We found a parking spot and all chipped in to put money in the meter. We put in enough quarters that added up to three hours. We started walking towards the beach.
“There’s my friend over there. Let’s go girls!” Sylvia spotted her friend on the beach. Her friend gestured and we started walking towards her.
There were quite a few people already there. One guy in plaid board shorts and no shirt was barbecuing some hot dogs. There were six people playing volleyball, and there were about fifteen other people hanging out and mingling. Some were sitting around the bonfire, while others were talking and drinking lemonade near the snacks table they had set up. An eclectic mix of music was playing, that included rock, country, rap, and r&b.
It was a beautiful, warm sunny day. The sun was still shining brightly in the clear blue, cloudless sky. The sand was warm and cushy under our feet. The ocean current was smooth that day. There was a soft current and the waves were breaking so gently near the shore. The music of the ocean was soothing and serene. What a romantic setting.
“So glad you could make it Sylvia!” Her friend gave Sylvia a hug.
“Maya, this is Harmony, Zoe, and Chloe. This is my coworker and friend Maya.”
We all introduced ourselves with hugs.
“Well, I would love to introduce you to everyone here, but the truth is, there are a lot of people I don’t know. Plus, they’re all scattered all over the place. Feel free to mingle and grab a drink on the side table we have set up. The hot dogs will be done in a few minutes, and a little later we’ll cook up some S’mores!”
“Cool! You guys up for drinks?” Chloe asked cunningly.
“What are you up to?” I wondered.
“11:00, blonde hair, muscles, no shirt. Shall I say more?” Chloe whispered.
We all giggled and walked over to the side table to grab some drinks.
“This lemonade is so good.” Zoe said between large gulps of lemonade.
“Geez, a little thirsty there?” Sylvia giggled.
“Oh ya!” Zoe replied.
“There’s some water and soda in the cooler also,” a voice said.
I looked over and it was the guy Chloe was eyeing.
“I’m Brian. I used to go to school with Maya!”
We all introduced ourselves and shook his hand. Chloe was the last one to shake his hand, and I thought she would never let go.
“Wow, that’s a strong grip,” Brian’s face looked as though he was in pain.
“Oh, sorry.” Chloe replied.
“That’s alright. Some of my friends are sitting around the bonfire. If you’d like, I can introduce you all to them.”
“That would be great,” Sylvia began walking towards the bonfire.
We all followed behind. Introductions were made again. I couldn’t wait until there were no more introductions. I really didn’t like the attention being on us. We finally sat down on the benches in front of the fire.
There were quite a few of us at the bonfire. We talked about our education status, careers, and the normal introductory mumbo jumbo. There was a crisp breeze swirling in the air as time went on. The fire felt warm and comfortable against my cold, exposed legs. I decided to just stay there. Chloe and Zoe brought us all some hotdogs in buns, with ketchup. I ate slowly, making sure I didn’t splatter any ketchup on my bright yellow dress.
Maya started walking towards us, “Sylvia, Harmony, Chloe, Zoe, there’s someone I’d like you to meet. This is Taylor, he’s my cousin.”
“Hi everyone!” Taylor looked at all of us, but took a moment longer looking at me. A little shy, as I’ve always been, I smiled and looked down.
“Is this seat taken?” Taylor pointed at the seat between Zoe and me. There wasn’t much of a seat there, but we both scooted in opposite directions.
“Not at all.” I smiled.
We sat quietly for a moment. He then started talking to Zoe. I just ignored him and stared at the bonfire. I thought about Darryl a little. I hadn’t spoken to him in so long. I missed him, mainly for the friendship we once shared. This romantic evening sure made me ponder what it would be like if he were still here.
“What about you?” Taylor asked.
“Huh?” My wandering mind returned to the party.
“Are you going to school right now?”
“Oh, ya. I’m taking psychology courses at a community college at the moment. How about you?” I replied.
“I’m working full time as a substitute teacher.”
“Oh nice, do you enjoy it?”
“I really do, it’s pretty rewarding. Obviously, it would be even more rewarding if I was a full time teacher, but I still like it. I’m just not sure what I want my career to be, so I’m taking my time. My dream job has always been to be a police officer, but my mom has always talked me out of it. She thinks it’s too dangerous.”
“That’s great! Well, I would love to be a psychiatrist, but it requires so much schooling. I’m thinking about maybe being a counselor for a school instead. I’m sure I’d love that just as much. Plus, I think it can be a bit scary to be a Psychiatrist. Did you ever see the movie: The Sixth Sense? His patient broke into his home. How scary.”
“Well, whatever you want to do, you should do it!” He said. I realized that we were ignoring everyone, and having a one on one conversation. All the others were talking amongst themselves.
“Ya, I might. We’ll see, I guess.”
He smirked and looked me up and down, “You are so beautiful!”
I was taken aback. I felt myself blushing, and wasn’t sure how to respond. “Thanks,” I whispered shyly. I changed the subject to divert the attention off of me. “So how old are you?”
“I’m twenty two, and you?”
“Oh, um, well, I’ll be twenty soon.”
“You’re nineteen? Aw, still a baby,” he joked.
“Alright everyone time for S’mores!” Maya passed around paper plates while one of her friends gave everyone marshmallows and a stick.
“I’ll grab the graham crackers and chocolate,” another friend of hers said.
“Thanks Lyle,” she replied to him.
Taylor scooted closer to me and smiled. His eyes were warm and inviting.
I was happy to receive positive attention, but weary, because I didn’t know him very well.
I put my Marshmallow on the stick and pointed it at the flame of the bonfire. It was too hot to reach any closer. I was afraid to burn myself.
“Here, i’ll do it.” Taylor grinned as he took the stick out of my hand and placed it over the fire. He turned it around and around to toast it evenly, and then removed it. “Good enough?”
I smirked, “Yes, thank you.” He was very sweet, and definitely took control of a situation. I liked that.
I placed my marshmallow on a graham cracker, and then covered it with a chocolate square and another cracker. It was warm and gooey, and oh so delicious.
By the time we were all done eating S’mores, the sun began to set.  An array of orange and red hues enveloped the sky. The colors were fascinating as the blinding sun descended beneath the horizon. I admired the tranquil panorama and realized how lucky I was to grow up in such a marvelous place.
Sylvia interrupted my daze, “You ready Harmony?”
“Oh, uh, ya, sure!” I responded.
“It’s getting pretty late, and I’m kind of cold. You should be freezing. You’re the one wearing a dress.”
“Ya, I guess I am a bit cold,” I looked over at Taylor, “it was nice to meet you Taylor.”
He smiled, “Nice to meet you too!”
Zoe, Chloe and Sylvia were ready to leave. I lifted myself up and began to turn around to walk off with them.
“Wait, Harmony.”
I looked back at Taylor, “Yes, Taylor?”
“Would you like to go out to dinner sometime?”
“Sure, call me. I can give you my number.”
“Ok, let me get my phone,” he reached into his pocket and retrieved his phone, “ready!”
I recited my number to him and he added it into his phone.
“Thanks. I’ll see you soon,” and he walked over to me and gave me a hug. As he released his hold, he planted a kiss on my cheek. He looked into my eyes and smiled.
I smiled back, “See you soon!”
The girls giggled as we all walked off towards the car.
“Well, that was interesting! I think someone’s got a crush!” Chloe sang.
“Oh stop, I just met the guy. He’s nice, that’s all! Plus, he’s older than me.”
“And your point?” Chloe giggled.
“Oh, he’s just a nice guy!” Zoe mocked.
Sylvia chuckled, “Alright girls, let’s head back to Harmony’s.”
We arrived to my house in about thirty minutes. Zoe and Chloe decided to head home, as they both had class early the next morning. Sylvia decided to keep the plans and stay at my house that night.
We both dressed in our comfortable cotton pajamas and fluffy slippers. I made a homemade avocado mask and we both applied it to our faces. Thank goodness no boys could see us, because facemasks don’t make for a very attractive look. We laughed at ourselves and talked about the night’s events.
“So, what did you two talk about?” Sylvia asked.
“Who, me and Taylor?”
“Uh huh!”
“Well, nothing specific really. Just school and work and that kind of stuff,” then I grinned, “but he did say I’m beautiful!” I bit my bottom lip and lifted my knees up to my chest and held them there. I couldn’t help but smile and giggle.
“Ooh, you like him!”
“Well, I think he’s sweet and charming. I’m not sure though. It’s not like I felt an instant connection or anything like that. But he seems like a nice enough guy!”
We talked more about Taylor and the other people we had met that night. It wasn’t long before we were both yawning and ready for sleep. We washed our faces, then I turned off the lights and we said goodnight. 


Chapter Sixteen

Two days had passed and I hadn’t heard from Taylor. Although I wondered if he would ever call, I tried not to worry about it. I only had met him briefly. Maybe he was just a charmer who treated every girl the same way. Oh well, on to the next.
I kept busy with school full time, and a part time job. I was happy and content in my life, and ready for anything that came my way.
I was on my way to work the third day after the beach party, and my phone rang. It was a number I didn’t recognize, but I decided to answer anyway.
“Hello,” I muttered cautiously, not knowing who would be on the other end.
“Hi, is this Harmony?” A male’s voice asked.
“Yes, this is her.”
“Hey, how’s it going? It’s Taylor, from the beach party.”
“Oh, hi Taylor. Ya, I remember you.” I grasped the steering wheel tightly and bit my lip, trying to contain my excitement. I knew it was him as soon as I heard his voice. But I had to play it cool. I didn’t want to act too enthusiastic.
“Listen, I was wondering if you were off this coming Friday. If you don’t have any plans, maybe you’d wanna go out to dinner with me?”
I tried to contain my glee and sound casual, “Sure, that sounds great!”
“Great, I have something planned. Would you mind driving to downtown San Diego to my house, and we can leave from there.”
“Sure, I suppose.” I answered before I gave myself time to think. That was about forty minutes away from my home in Oceanside. Although I didn’t want my parents to know I was going to be on a date with him, he could have driven to Oceanside to do something. My mom had always told me that a man should always be the one to drive to a woman to see her and a woman should not pursue a man. She’d always said that the chase is what keeps a man wanting more. Well, that wasn’t happening right now, but I assured myself that it would be fine. Besides, he had the whole night planned out for us.
“Sounds good, I’ll see you Friday at around five then.” He proceeded to give me his address and directions there.
“I’ll be there. Talk to you soon!” I hung up the phone. I was thrilled about the date on Friday. I already began envisioning what I would wear that evening, and how I would style my hair.
The days ahead seemed to drag by slowly, as I waited for Friday to arrive. I counted down the days until date night.
It was date night at last. I had no class on Friday and I managed to switch my schedule at work so that I would have the day off. I slept in until eleven o’clock that day, making sure I was rested up for the day ahead. I woke up slowly and lounged around most of the day, watching my favorite TV shows and snacking on popcorn. I assumed that we would be eating dinner that night, so I wanted my stomach fairly empty for the night ahead.
I decided to prepare for the night around three o’clock. I took a shower and washed my hair. After that, I worked with my natural curl and just distributed some mousse into it so that it wouldn’t look frizzy. I blow-dried it, and I then applied my makeup. I had already decided the night before that I was going to wear my favorite pair of flare jeans, with a casual, but cute forest green tank top. I wore woven wedged heels to seem a bit taller and slimmer. I felt comfortable, but sexy. I didn’t want it to seem like I was trying too hard.
I had told my parents I was going out with some girlfriends for the night. Although I didn’t like lying to them, I truly had no choice. My parents didn’t believe in dating. My dad had made it very clear that a man should court a woman only with the intention of marrying her. If a relationship ever turned out to be very serious, then I would decide to tell my parents. But for now, I would have to bend the truth a bit.
I said bye to my parents, and started driving to downtown San Diego at around four in the evening. I wanted to make sure that I wasn’t going to be late. I never knew how busy the interstate 5 would be. That interstate was my favorite freeway to drive on because it parallels the ocean and most of the drive is lush and scenic.
I pulled up across the street from Taylor’s home about fifty minutes later. I saw him outside with an older man, which I assumed to be his dad. They had the hood up on an old, red car and were discussing something. I turned off the ignition and waved to him. He waved back and walked over to my car.
“Hi Harmony, how are you?” He said in his sly, overly confident demeanor.
“Great and you?” I squealed a little too loudly.
“Fine, thanks. Would you like to come and meet my dad?”
Nervously I answered, “Sure.” I walked with him, and twiddled my fingers anxiously as we approached his dad.
Taylor introduced me to his dad quickly. His Dad was polite and said hello, and that I was very pretty. I appreciated the compliment, although it was a bit strange coming from him.
Taylor then asked if I wanted to meet his mom. He said she was inside on the phone, but we would wait for her to hang up. I agreed.
I entered their home through their garage. The home was nice, with modest accessories and furniture. The home had a gorgeous view of the San Diego Bay from upstairs, or so he told me. We waited downstairs while his mom was on the phone. Her footsteps thundered back and forth as she paced and spoke in a different language. She spoke extremely fast and it sounded like she was arguing.
“Maybe it’s not a good time to meet your mom. She sounds upset.”
He laughed loudly, “No, she’s not upset. That’s just what she sounds like every time she’s on the phone. It’s a cultural thing, I think. We Italians are pretty loud.”
“Right, Italian, that’s what she’s speaking. I knew it sounded familiar. Well, I completely understand because we Chaldean’s are the same way. My mother always sounds like she’s arguing when she’s on the phone too.” I chuckled.
“Are you full blooded?” He looked curiously.
“Yes, I am. Both my parents are Chaldean. Actually, Chaldean was my first language.”
“Get out of here, Italian was my first language.”
“Let me guess, you learned English in school.”
“Yes, as a matter of fact, I did. Even though I was born in the states, my parents were just learning English, and we always spoke Italian at home. We still do to this day.”
“Wow, same here.” I smiled and felt comfortable knowing that we already had so much in common. I smiled and danced up and down on my tiptoes waiting for Taylor’s mom to come downstairs.
“Have I told you how pretty you look today?”
I smiled and shook my head.
He was about to say something and his mom started walking down the stairs. Nervously, I fixed my hair and checked my tank top to make sure it wasn’t too low in the chest area.
“Hello,” she said in a very thick accent. “I am Giana. Taylor told me a little about you. Nice to meet you.” She offered her hand for me to shake.
I shook her hand and stuttered a bit, “Uh, hi, yes, I’m Harmony. It’s nice to meet you. You have a very beautiful home.” I was a bit nervous to meet her. First impressions are very important, and I didn’t want to fail at this one.
“Alright Mom, we’re going to leave now. I’ll see you soon” Taylor gave his mom a kiss on the cheek.
“It was nice meeting you Mrs. Giana!”
“Nice to meet you too Harmony,” and with that goodbye, Taylor took my hand and led me to the garage door. He grabbed a large backpack that rested against the wall and placed it over his shoulder.
“Bye Dad,” Taylor waved as we passed through the garage, “we’re leaving.”
“Okay son, have a good time. It was nice to meet you Harmony.”
“It was nice to meet you sir. You have a lovely home.”
His father nodded, and proceeded to work on his car.
“Taylor, what’s your Dad’s name?” I realized I hadn’t been told his name.
“Oh, I didn’t realize I didn’t tell you. It’s Stefano.”
“Oh ok, Stefano and Giana. Got it. They’re very nice.” I followed quickly behind him as he walked at a fast pace. “So, where are we going?” We stood at the edge of the sidewalk and I waited for him to lead the way.
“Uh, well, would you mind driving your car? It would be easier than driving my truck.”
“Oh, um, I suppose that’s fine.” I wasn’t sure how I felt about driving all the way to his home, then driving him around on our date. It didn’t feel right. I didn’t feel much pampered. But I assumed there was a good reason for using my car and not his truck. So I tried not to worry about it.
Taylor placed his large backpack in the trunk, and I started the ignition. “Seat belts on,” I smiled and looked over at Taylor.
“Got it. Now, what you want to do is drive straight ahead, and then turn right.” He proceeded to tell me directions to our first destination.
We arrived at a little hole in the wall, Italian restaurant. “Mama’s Ristorante Italiano. Yum! Looks pretty good to me!”
“I’ll be back,” Taylor started opening his door.
“Wait, we’re not eating here?”
“Well, sort of. I ordered to go. Be right back.”
Hmmm…. I wondered where we were going next. He was gone for about five minutes.
“Sorry that took so long,” he said as he rushed into the car with a bag of delightfully smelling food.
“Yum, that smells delicious!”
“It’s going to be. I love that place. They have the best Italian food around!”
“So where to?” I switched the car into drive and I was ready to go.
“Make a left here, and then you’re gonna get on the freeway, and we’re gonna head to Mission Beach.”
“That sounds fun!”
“Well, I thought since we met there, it would be fun to have our first date there.”
“Date,” I liked how that sounded. I glanced over at him and smiled.
“Oh, jeez, watch the road!” A van was speeding towards us as I tried to make a right turn.  I heard loud honking and swerved the car to the right, giving the oncoming van just enough time to maneuver to the left and pass, with just an inch of clearance between us.
“Oh my gosh, I am so sorry. Are you alright?” I was completely embarrassed and utterly terrified.
“Whew, I’m fine. That was close,” he started laughing. “Well, at least this will be a very memorable first date.” He wiped his sweaty hands on his jeans and exhaled loudly.
I laughed along with him. I waited another minute before I pulled onto the road again. This time, I drove very slowly and kept my eyes on the road. We had a quiet trip all the way to Mission Beach.
I parked in a parking lot near the beach. I opened my door and walked out of the car. “Do you need any help?”
“Sure, do you mind holding the food? I’m going to grab the backpack.”
I nodded, and grabbed the bag of food. I unlocked the trunk, and he removed the backpack and threw it over his shoulder.
He looked over and smirked, “Let’s go.” He took hold of my hand and we began walking towards the beach. We found a spot on the sand and stood there for a moment. Taylor started unpacking his backpack. He first removed a blanket and placed it neatly on the uneven sandy ground. Next, he removed a couple of paper plates, forks, cups, and a bottle of what looked like champagne.
“Oh, I don’t think we are allowed to have alcohol on the beach.”
He chuckled, “It’s not alcohol. It’s sparkling apple cider.”
“Oh, that’s funny. That sounds great!” Can I embarrass myself anymore on this date? I closed my eyes for a moment in embarrassment.
I began preparing our plates of food, while Taylor poured us some Sparkling Apple Cider. It didn’t take long before we were both stuffing our faces. I guess he was just as hungry as I was. We focused mainly on eating for a while, without much conversation.
“Wow, this food is delish Taylor. That was a great choice of restaurant!”
“I’m glad you enjoyed it. I’m so full now.”
“Me too! Here, let me throw the plates away, so we can just relax.”
Taylor handed me his plate and I walked over to the garbage can to throw them away. I was trying, with great effort to walk as gracefully as I could on the bumpy terrain.
When I walked back, Taylor was already lying down, with his drink in hand. He patted the open area next to him, “Take a seat.”
“Ok,” I eagerly joined him on the blanket.
“So, tell me about yourself.”
“Well, I speak two languages, as you know. Let’s see, I was born and raised in Oceanside. Also, I grew up Catholic.”
“Me too! Wow, we have so much in common.”
“Whoa, that’s cool.” I smile and twiddle my fingers as I rest my hands on my stomach.
“Tell me more.”
“Hmm… I don’t drink, smoke or do drugs. I have curly hair and brown eyes,” I began laughing at my attempt at a lame joke. Obviously he knew my eye color and hair type.
“Well, I have curly hair and green eyes,” Taylor laughed and then sighed. “You’re so cute!” He lifted my chin and gazed into my eyes. I hadn’t noticed his green eyes before. His hair did have curl, but it was more wavy than curly. Light brown streaks were nestled in between his thick, dark chocolate hair, indicating to me that he probably spent quite a bit of his time outdoors. He had a gentle twinkle in his eye, but he also possessed a very commanding gaze. I could feel that he probably liked to be in control.
While I still wasn’t sure about my feelings for him, I gave into temptation. Slowly, I began to move my head closer to his. He leaned in without warning, and kissed me with titillating passion. I was taken aback by the abruptness, but didn’t want to stop. After all, who doesn’t enjoy kissing? His hand rested on my neck, and didn’t move for the duration of the kiss. He held strongly for what seemed like three minutes, and finally released his hold. He pulled back and smiled a big, warm smile.
“I like you Harmony.”
“I like you too, Taylor.”
“It’s strange that we have so much in common. I mean, you’re everything I would want in a girl. You’re morals are respectable and you have so many great qualities. Not to mention, you’re absolutely beautiful.”
“Thank you Taylor. You’re not so bad yourself,” I jokingly punched his shoulder.
“Ouch.”
“Ya, right!”
“Just kidding,” he grinned. “What do you say we pack up and head out of here? I have one more place I’d like to take you.”
“Great, let’s go!” I started packing all the items he’d brought into the backpack.
We headed back to the car, settled in, and began driving once again. Taylor rested comfortably in the passenger seat with his feet on the dashboard while he gave me directions to our next destination. I found it odd, but refreshing, that he felt so comfortable around me already.
We reached the bottom of a steep, windy hill, and Taylor instructed me to go up the hill. I was hesitant, but agreed to keep driving. On the way, I noticed the large, eloquent homes. There were lush landscapes, courtyards with waterfalls, wrap around porches, and expensive cars in the driveways. This was undeniably a prestigious neighborhood that housed very wealthy people. Once we reached the top, I was glad I had made the trip up the hill. We parked near a neighborhood park where we would have some privacy. I could see almost all of San Diego. The view was breathtakingly amazing.
“You’ve never been up here Harmony?”
“Wow. No, I haven’t. I’m glad you brought me here. It’s amazing.”
“My pleasure. Tell me about your hobbies and what you like to do for fun.”
We sat there and talked for approximately one hour. We mainly discussed our likes and dislikes, aspirations and goals. I enjoyed his company. We seemed to be getting along very well, and had many things in common. By the time I looked at the clock again, it was an hour later.
“I had a great time tonight, but, I probably should be getting home.”
“Why so soon?”
“Well, it’s 11:00, and I still have to drive you home, and drive home myself. If I leave now, I’ll probably make it home by 12:00.”
“I understand. Thanks for coming out with me tonight, and for agreeing to drive around. You’re a pretty cool chick!”
“No problem. Thank you for planning the whole date. No one has ever planned a date for me, like this one.”
Taylor nodded, and winked at me. I turned on the car and put it into drive. He grabbed my hand and held it all the way to his home.
“Thanks again for coming out here Harmony. I had a great time. I’ll call you tomorrow?”
“You’re welcome. I’ll look forward to your call.” I nodded and smiled.
He planted a quick peck on my lips and jumped out of the car. I unlocked the trunk for him to remove his backpack. He picked up his backpack, closed my trunk, and trailed off quickly into his house.
It was dark, and I was exhausted from the long day. I rushed home as fast as I could, making sure I was only 9mph over the speed limit. Once I arrived home, I hurried to wash my face and brush my teeth. I changed into my comfy fleece pajamas and hopped into bed. I couldn’t even think about my date. As soon as my head hit the pillow, I was out for the night. 


Chapter Seventeen

The next day was busy with classes at my college, and work in the evening. I kept looking at my phone every hour, making sure I hadn’t missed Taylor’s call. By the time I had started my shift at work, I still hadn’t heard from him. Maybe he forgot. Time had slowed while I was at work. I was busy thinking about Taylor, and wondering why he hadn’t called. I counted down the minutes until my shift was over.
I picked up my belongings from the employees quarters and walked to my car. Once I settled in and put my seat belt on, I thought I’d check my phone once more. To my surprise he had called and left a message.
I played the voicemail, “Hi Harmony, it’s Taylor. I had a great time last night. I hope you did as well. I would have called sooner but today was extremely busy for me and hectic at work. Call me back whenever you have a sec. Take care, bye.”
I impatiently deleted the message and called him back right away.
“Hello?”
“Hi Taylor, it’s Harmony. I just heard your message. How are you?”
“Hi baby, I’m good how are you?”
“Baby?” I wasn’t sure how comfortable I felt about using pet names so soon.
“That’s right, baby!”
I laughed, unsure of how to comment. “Taylor, when did you…”
Taylor cut me off in the middle of my sentence, “Who are you calling Taylor? It’s baby.”
“If we’re calling each other baby, don’t you think we should be exclusive?”
“Well, I want to be. Would you be my girlfriend?”
This relationship seemed to be moving very quickly, but somehow I accepted it. I was excited about the idea of being in a relationship. “Sure, why not.”
“That’s what I like to hear. So when can we see each other again?”
“Well, I don’t think I can come up to see you until next weekend because I’m going to be busy working and going to school. Sunday I have off from both work and school, but my family and I are going to church.”
“Well, I’d like to see you before that. I have Thursday off, and I’m not on call. Would you like me to pick you up at work so we can go out to dinner?”
“I don’t get off until six on Thursday.”
“That works for me.”
“Sounds great! It’s a date.”
“Wait, Harmony, before you go. I don’t know exactly where you work.”
“Oh” I giggled. “I guess I never told you what store. I work at Sears right off of El Camino Real and the 78. Let me know if you need directions.”
“No, that’s alright. I’ve been to that mall before. I’ll see you at 6 p.m. on Thursday then!”
“Ok, bye.”
“Bye baby,” Taylor said in a very confident way.
I hung up the phone and stared at it for a moment, trying to take in all that we talked about.
We’re exclusive now, I just kept reciting over and over in my head. It seems so soon.
Am I sure I want to be in another relationship already?
I decided to just accept the fast pace relationship and see where it would take me.  


Chapter Eighteen

“Huh?” I woke up to the annoying, roaring sound of a lawn mower. “Oh the gardener is here,” I moaned.  I snatched the pillow next to me and threw it over my head, trying to drown out the loud sound.
The days were passing by fairly quickly. It was Thursday already and I was getting more and more excited about my date with Taylor that night. I didn’t want to get out of bed just yet. Waking up by the sound of a lawn mower sure gives you a headache.
I didn’t have school that day, only a shift at work from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. I lay in bed for about an hour, trying to get a bit more rest. My phone began to vibrate.
I cleared my throat, “Hello?” I tried to sound as if I were wide-awake.
“Hey girlfriend, it’s me, Sylvia.”
“Hey girly, what’s goin’ on?”
“You’ll never believe what I did last night.”
“You already told me you went to Bisbee, AZ with your family this week.”
“No, no. Well, yes I did do that. But guess what else.”
“Ok, um...” I took only 5 seconds to think, “I give up. Spill the beans.”
“I went to a Psychic.”
“Seriously?”
“No joke! It was awesome! I actually have some stuff to tell you.”
“Oh cool. What? Are you gonna win the lottery or something?” I stated sarcastically.
“No, I have some stuff to tell you about you!”
“Me! What do you mean?”
“I’ll explain later. Want to meet up for coffee?”
“Sure, but I have to be to work at 10. Do you want to meet me at Starbucks next to the mall at 9?”
“Sounds good, I have to go shopping anyway,” Sylvia loved to shop.
“Great, I’ll see you then. Bye!”
“Bye!” Sylvia sang her bye. She sounded very excited to tell me the scoop from the Psychic. Sometimes Sylvia can be a bit eccentric and bend the truth a little, so I wasn’t sure how much I would believe about her news.
Nonetheless, I sluggishly sat up in bed and began my trip to the coffee maker downstairs. Even though I was going to Starbucks later, I still needed some coffee to wake me up. Caffeine would surely help my headache. I started my pot of coffee and walked over to the pantry for some Tylenol. I saw a note from my mom.
Hi honey, I’ve gone shopping with Layla to the garment district. Have a good day at work and dinner with Sylvia. I should be back later tonight.
My dad was already at work. My mom and her best friend Layla had always been inseparable since they met about five years prior. I told my mom the day before, that I was having dinner with Sylvia after work the next day. Again, I wasn’t fond of lying, but they wouldn’t allow me to go on a date with Taylor if I told them the truth. So I had no choice, unless I wanted to have no dating life whatsoever.
I sipped on my warm, delicious, vanilla flavored coffee. The coffee sent hot, dancing mists into the air while I moved back and forth on our large, backyard swing. I sat there, just taking in the lush greenery and crisp, fresh Ocean air. The clouds hugged the sun, as it peeked through tiny holes, trying to make its way past their grey, opaque nature. I loved to sit back there and just relax my mind. I curled up in a small blanket and kept my coffee close to my body. I’d always been a fan of cloudy and rainy days. I hoped, by the look of the clouds, that it would rain.  The sounds of pulsating raindrops and clean rainwater trickling down on the earth instantly energized me.
Ok, I’d better get dressed and ready if I want to meet up with Sylvia on time.
I reluctantly got up and staggered my way into the house and up the stairs to my bathroom. I hopped in the shower and covered my hair with a hair cap. I didn’t like to wash it every single day. Plus, somehow, my hair always looked better the second and third day after it had been washed.
Once I was done, I wrapped a towel around my body and began applying my makeup. I applied a bit more makeup than normal. I decided to put a thicker coat of foundation and accentuate my eye makeup. The whole time I was wondering what I would wear. It looked like it was going to rain, and it was cold out there.
Once I had finished with my makeup, I began scouring my closet for warm and comfy attire. I remembered that it was jeans day at work, since they were trying to promote a new line of jeans they just started selling. I decided to wear my favorite pair of flare jeans. They were thick and hugged my hips and legs and then flared out over my feet. I wore a comfortable, white, long sleeved shirt. The sleeves fell over my shoulders and exposed my neck and shoulders. The top was heart shaped and hugged my bosom as it showed off my cleavage ever so slightly. I knew that I would pair the outfit with my white semi-comfortable heels. I was finally ready to go.
I ran down the stairs and exited the house. Once I sat in the car, I plugged in my iPod and sifted through the music I’d downloaded. It was a gloomy day, and so I thought I’d play some dark but tantalizing rock music. I chose Wings of a Butterfly, by the group H.I.M. They’re an awesome Finnish band. Their songs and lyrics are usually mysterious and deep. I enjoyed my drive as I slithered my head to the beat of the music.
“Hi friend!” I said to Sylvia as I walked into Starbucks.
“Hey, it’s about time you showed up,” She smirked as she wrapped her arms around me and gave me a tight hug.
“Hey, I’m not late! You’re early!”
“I know, just kidding!” She laughed. “Grab some coffee and have a seat.”
I walked over to the counter and ordered a hot, White Chocolate Mocha. Once it was made, I sat down and was ready to hear the big news.
“So, are you ready?” Sylvia asked excitedly.
“I guess. I’m not sure what to expect.”
“Ok, here it goes. So most of the reading was about me. She told me a whole bunch of stuff, like that I’ll be wealthy in the future, and I’m going to have a very successful career. She said that I’ve already met my future husband, and it’s a person I haven’t even considered a relationship with, at the moment. So, I have absolutely no clue who that could be. Let’s see... What else? Oh, ya, she said that I will travel to somewhere exotic this year.”
“Well, that’s not really big news. I mean you and your family are always traveling to new and exotic places.”
Sylvia started laughing, “I know, I know. But there’s no way she would have known that.”
“True, I suppose. So, where’s the part about me?”
“Well, after she was done telling me everything about me, I thought the session was over. Then, she told me to wait. She said that my best friend is in for heartache and trying times. She told me to tell you.”
“How do you know she’s talking about me?”
“Well, you’re my best friend, duh! I don’t know who else she would be talking about.”
“Ok, go on,” My palms began to sweat as I began to worry.
“The Psychic said that the person you are dating is not the right person for you, and you should not jump into a serious relationship with him.”
“Are you serious?” I was annoyed at this point. Why would the Psychic talk about me and mention the guy I’m dating. I’m not sure how much of this story I actually believed.
“Yes, dead serious. What? You don’t believe me?” She moved her head towards me and shrieked quietly.
“Well, I don’t think you’re lying. But I think the Psychic doesn’t know what she’s talking about. Maybe she meant someone else.” I wondered if Sylvia was jealous that I was dating someone, and worried that they would start taking up a lot of my free time. I didn’t want to accuse her of anything like that though.
“The only other closest friends to me are Zoe and Chloe. You know that. And they both aren’t dating anyone at the moment. You’re the only one dating a guy. So it has to be you.”
“Are you jealous?” I fired at her. Oops, I didn’t mean to get so upset. But I finally felt giddy again since Darryl left, and I didn’t want anyone to take that away from me.
“What? No! Absolutely not. Why would you even say that? You guys haven’t even been dating that long for me to feel that way. Isn’t today your second date?” Sylvia became very defensive.
“Well, I finally feel like I’m moving on from Darryl, and maybe you’re worried that if I get serious with Taylor, he’ll take up most of my free time.”
“That couldn’t be further from the truth. I’m so happy for you Harmony. This is just what the Psychic told me. Frankly though, it does worry me. I’m not sure if you should date him anymore.”
“Even though I do believe in some Psychics, I think this one is wrong. Taylor is a nice guy. We have so many things in common. Plus, he’s already asked me to be his girlfriend.”
“Well, I’m not the boss of you. I’m your friend, and I only want what is best for you. If you’re happy with him, than that’s all that matters. I just hope you take your time, and make sure he is the right one for you.”
“We’re just dating. We have plenty of time to get to know each other. So stop worrying so much.” I smirked slightly, hoping to ease the tension a little. “Look, I have to go. Thanks for having coffee with me and telling me what the Psychic said. But I think she’s wrong on this one.”
“Wait, Harmony! What about the Ouija board? That spirit said that you would have trials and tribulations. Maybe there is a correlation here.”
I contemplated what she was saying. But the truth was that I didn’t think that had anything to do with Taylor. He really did seem sweet.
“Look, I’m not sure what that spirit meant. But it’s all relative. Doesn’t everyone experience trials and tribulations?” I asked her rhetorically. I sighed and eased my tense body, “Listen Sylvia, I love you. You’re my best friend and I know you have my best interest at heart. But just trust me on this one. He seems like a good guy.”
“Ok, just be careful,” Sylvia furrowed her brow. She stood up and gave me a hug.
“Ya, I will. Bye.” I walked out the door.
We left each other with tensions still brewing between us. I’m still unsure if the whole Psychic story was true, or if she just didn’t want me dating anyone seriously, because she was worried about me spending less time with her. I just didn’t want to stop dating Taylor. I tried to not worry about it and focus on getting to work on time.
Work was extremely busy. There were huge savings for the big jeans event, so people were whisking around the store like crazy chickens with their heads cut off. I raced back and forth from the floor to the register constantly. I felt worn out, only two hours into work. I still kept thinking about what Sylvia had said. The more I thought about it, the more it seemed to irritate me. I still didn’t know if she was being truthful or not.
Lunch came around and I walked over to the break room for some peace and quiet. I grabbed my lunch bag and took out my turkey and Swiss cheese sandwich. Just before I was about to take a bite, my manager walked in.
“Hi Harmony!”
“Hi, Sandra!” She was holding a beautiful bouquet of red roses.
“These are for you.”
“For me?”
“Yes, the florist deliverer just dropped them off a few minutes ago.”
“Wow, I’ve never gotten flowers at work before. I wonder who they’re from.”
“Well, whoever they’re from, they must really like you!” She set them down slowly and walked out of the break room.
I studied the rich red colored roses. They were velvety in texture and smelled divine. Who could these be from? I turned the vase slowly and spotted a little hidden note.
It read: I look forward to our date tonight. You are more beautiful than words can express. I really like you BABY. –Taylor Ponticello
“Awe!” I gasped loudly. Butterflies flickered in my stomach. A rush of adrenaline shot through my veins.
I read the note over and over again. I felt giddy and warm inside.
Sylvia is definitely wrong about Taylor. She has to be.
I took another deep breath and gulped as I noticed his last name. Ponticello. His last name begins with a P. My grandmother talked about a person with the letter P, and how they would have an impact on my life. Taylor must be the one she was talking about! I was overcome with excitement.
Then, I recalled what else my grandmother had said about the person with the letter P in their name. That they had two sides to them. One side they showed to the public and one side they showed to me. Yet the side he showed to me seemed sweet. I wasn’t sure what to make of that information, but all I knew was that Taylor seemed like a nice guy. So I assumed that he showed a good side to the public and an even better side to me. I liked to see the glass half full in every situation.
What if he’s my soul mate? Instantly overcome with joy, I decided to text him before I had to return to my stressful, busy shift at work.
I texted him: Hey Taylor! Thank you so much for those amazing flowers and heartfelt note. I really like you too!
I felt my heart pulsating and my palms sweating as I text him. I wasn’t sure how to feel about him. I mean, I liked him okay, but the relationship was all happening so fast. It felt as if I were trapped in a supersonic tornado, unsure of how to escape the haste. It felt expeditious, but exciting. I just couldn’t bring myself to slow down. I was infatuated with the idea of true love.
My phone alarm rang, signaling that my break was over. I bit my lip and grinned at my flowers and note, once more. I shot up, out of my chair, and hurried back to work.
The rest of my shift at work had fluttered by with quickness. I spent the whole time daydreaming about a love life with Taylor. I had thoughts of children and a home with a white picket fence and swing in the front yard. It seemed as if all the dreams I’d had about a true love, were pointing to Taylor. 


Chapter Nineteen

I tapped my feet to the beat of the music, as I listened to my playlist on my phone, waiting for Taylor to pick me up. I stood in front of Sears looking around for his red truck. I heard the rumblings of loud bass creeping closer. I turned to see where the noise was coming from. It was Taylor, in his red, lifted truck. He had the music on full blast and he turned the corner to a screeching halt.
“Hop in, Sugar!”
I smiled and jumped up into the passenger seat. He leaned over and gave me a long, passionate kiss. He pulled back and winked. I lustfully gazed at him. He seemed so sexy driving his manly, oversized truck.
“Where to?” I asked.
“I thought we’d head over to Ruby’s on the pier.”
“Sounds good to me. I love that place!”
“Good!” He sat back and placed one hand on the wheel, while his other hand was sifting through his music. He was dressed in black shorts and a baggy blue hooded sweater. He wore black tennis shoes that looked shiny and new.
We had arrived to the beach and found parking in no time. He parked and instantly jumped out of the truck.
“You ready?” He yelled out to me from outside the car.
I guess he’s not going to open the door for me.
I nodded and opened the car door and hopped out. “Ready!”
He held my hand as we walked on the pier to Ruby’s. Once we were seated, we ordered our food and drinks.
“Thank you for my amazing flowers and note Taylor.”
“Sure thing beautiful. Thank you for your text.”
I began to blush. I nodded and looked into his eyes. I felt comfortable with Taylor. We seemed to have a lot in common. Our faith and cultures seemed to be similar. He seemed very strong willed and straight forward, which I was accustomed to, as many Chaldean men are that way. He knows what he wants and goes after it. He seemed a bit arrogant, but maybe I was confusing arrogance with confidence. He had a bad boy edge to him, which intrigued me. All in all, I enjoyed spending time with him and being exclusive.
“So I have some exciting news to tell you.”
“Really? What is it?”
“Well, I’m going to join the Police Academy. With much convincing, I was able to get my mom on board. She seems to understand that although it can be a dangerous job, it’s one to be proud of.”
“Wow, that’s wonderful! I’m so happy for you! When will you start and where?”
“I start in a month, here in San Diego. I had done an interview with San Diego P.D. a while back and never received a call from them. Then, today they called and offered me a position with the department. So I start the academy next month. Then once I’m done, I’ll have a job lined up. I’m so excited.”
“Wow, that’s incredible! I’m so happy for you!” I lifted off of my chair and gave him a hug. “I’m glad you’re following your passion!”
“Thank you! I’m pretty happy for me to!” He laughed.
Our waitress brought our dinner and we sat there munching on our delicious burgers and sipping on our cherry Cokes. We talked about his new career path with the police department and what it would be like. He explained how proud his father was when he had given him the news. Taylor was in a state of ecstasy.
Once we were done with our dinner, we took a stroll on the beach. We walked on the warm, soft sand as we watched the captivating Sun set beneath the rippling waters of the ocean. The bright remnants of the blazing sun illuminated the horizon in a beautiful shade of orange. We stepped in unison and stayed close to one another, attempting to stay warm with the chilly breeze of the Ocean and the oncoming of Dusk. Taylor kept his arm over my shoulder, as he talked about what his future would entail. We walked and talked for what seemed to be an hour. I knew I needed to head back home.
Taylor drove me back to my car, which was still parked in the Sears parking lot.
“Thank you for a great night, and congratulations on your new career. I’m really happy for you.”
“Thank you baby. Get over here and give me some love.” He demanded while smiling.
“Don’t mind if I do,” I reached over and planted my lips onto his. We kissed for a minute, and I stopped to check the time. “Sorry Taylor, I really should be going. Thanks again. Drive safe and text me when you get home.”
“I will. You drive safe as well. I’ll call you tomorrow.” He winked and revved his engine. I bounced out of his truck and into my car. I blew him a kiss, and started my engine. He sped off into the night.
I drove home that night, thinking of our relationship and how it had blossomed so quickly. 


Chapter Twenty

Months had gone by, and Taylor and I were still going strong. We spent almost every weekend together, and sometimes saw each other during a weekday. Taylor kept busy with the Police Academy. That was his main focus. He wasn’t substitute teaching anymore. Since he lived at home, he didn’t need to work. His parents were helping him with expenses and gave him an allowance every week. They remained very proud of him for choosing a career path and sticking with it. Taylor spoke about the Academy often. He loved every aspect of it. I enjoyed listening to his stories and predictions of what work would be like out in the field. He was near his completion of the Police Academy and looking forward to calling himself a police officer.
Not much had changed for me. I was still studying Psychology at my college and working part time at Sears. Next semester I planned to transfer to a University. I enjoyed Psychology, and still planned on becoming a counselor when I graduated. My weeks were occupied with work, school, and spending time with Taylor. Unfortunately, my friendships suffered a bit. Because I had limited time to spend with Taylor, I chose to allocate every minute of my spare time with him.
I spoke to Sylvia on occasion here and there. She was now dating Johnny, a friend of ours from High School. I would have never pictured them together in the past. But I suppose people change, as they get older and they seemed perfect for one another. Zoe and Chloe became roommates and were living in Pacific Beach right near the coast. They were enjoying the young, party life: drinking and clubbing every night, and meeting new people constantly. Everyone had gone his or her separate ways.
It was October, my favorite month of the year. It was nearing my birthday, and I wanted to do something special. I made sure to have the day off, including the day before and day after. Taylor and I planned to go to Niagara Falls for Halloween. Since my birthday landed on Halloween, we thought we’d make a big event of it. Taylor’s friend Micah, in the Academy told him about Niagara Falls on Halloween. Micah had gone there with his buddies from High School in their senior year, and said it was the best place he’d been on Halloween. He said the streets were packed with people in costumes, massive parties, and Haunted Houses on every other corner. Taylor and I wanted a romantic getaway, but also a fun place to visit. It seemed perfect. Plus, I loved Halloween, and looked forward to a spooky, fun adventure in a new town.
I told my parents I was going to Niagara Falls with some friends from college. They seemed fine with the idea. Since we were going to the Canada side of the falls, I needed to find my passport and make sure my it hadn’t expired. I spent the week before my birthday preparing for the trip. I found and checked my passport, packed my clothes and had gone shopping for a costume. I bought a Princess Jasmine costume. Since people had always told me I looked like her, I figured that it would be perfect. The costume was a baby blue color. It was two pieces, with the top cut off just below my breasts, and the bottom half of the costume beginning just below my belly button. The top half had two straps holding it in place and scrunched together tightly below my breasts. The bottom half skirt held tightly at my waist and cascaded loosely down to the floor. The costume was adorned with sequence and tulle. I also had a sequence headband to match the outfit. I couldn’t wait to wear it! I asked Taylor to buy an Aladdin costume so that we would match.
Taylor and I were to leave Friday evening after he finished his class at the Academy. By the time Friday rolled around, I was jumping out of my skin with excitement. I couldn’t wait for our trip. Since Taylor lived closer to the airport, I decided to drive to his home and leave my car at his parents’ house. Once I arrived to his parents’ home, I made sure to check my trunk, just to make sure I’d brought everything I needed.
“Hey baby! You’re here early!” Taylor stated as he walked towards my car.
“Hi Taylor! Ya, I wanted to make sure that we weren’t going to be late for our flight. You never know with traffic. Better safe than sorry.”
“That’s true! Where’s my kiss?” Taylor removed my arms from my trunk, flipped me towards him, and pulled me in abruptly. He leaned in and kissed me vigorously. “That’s more like it.”
I jerked my head back and giggled, “Taylor, not in front of your parents’ house.”
“Oh they don’t care.” He glared at me lustfully. “I’ll take a kiss when I feel like it.”
“Well, I care. It’s not lady like,” I said as I pulled my shirt down and fixed my hair.
“Okay, okay. Did you bring everything you needed? There’s no turning back now. Passport?”
“Oh yeah, I brought it all!”
“Good. Well, let me help you with your bags. Let’s put them in my parents’ SUV since they’re dropping us off.”
“Ok, sounds good.”
Taylor grabbed my luggage and I grabbed my carryon bag. It held books, snacks, a small blanket, and other random items that I thought we might need for the trip.
“Geez, what did you pack in this luggage, rocks?”
I laughed loudly, “A girl has to have lots of outfits and shoes. You never know what you’re going to feel like wearing until you’re there.”
“Sure, whatever you say.”
We placed the luggage into his parents’ SUV, right next to Taylor’s one small luggage.
“That’s all you’re bringing?”
“Baby, it’s three days, not a month stay.”
“Ya, ya. So where are your parents?”
“They’re inside eating. Are you hungry?”
“A little. What’s on the menu?”
“Manicotti.”
“Yum, that sounds great.”
“Okay come on, let’s go eat.”
We walked inside and to the right to the dining area.
“Hi Mrs. Giana. Hi Mr. Stefano,” I waved shyly as I walked towards the dining table.
“Hello Harmony, please come eat,” Giana said with her hand pointed towards a chair.
“Sure, I’d love to.”
“Mom, Dad? Harmony and I have to be at the airport in forty-five minutes. Would you mind driving us as soon as when we’re done eating?”
Stefano spoke with his mouth full of food, “Sure son, now eat. You too Harmony. Giana makes the best Manicotti around!”
Soon enough, Taylor and I were eating the delicious, mouthwatering Manicotti. Stefano was right. It was the best Manicotti I had ever tasted. Giana and Stefano carried on a conversation about Giana’s brother who had recently moved to the states from Italy. They talked about his move to New York and how he was enjoying big city living. At least that’s what I think they were talking about. They were speaking Italian, but would throw in English words here and there to be respectful. I was able to gather that they weren’t talking about me. Taylor’s parents spoke English very well. They had light accents when they spoke, similar to my parents, but I could tell they really tried to speak slower sometimes to hide their accents.
Taylor and I sat next to each other quietly. We ate our food and played footsies with one another. We giggled under our breaths every now and again.
Once everyone was done eating, we still had a little time before we needed to be at the airport. So I helped Giana clear the table. Stefano and Taylor sat there holding their bellies and discussing football while Giana and I cleaned up and washed the dishes. I thought it was a bit strange that Taylor didn’t at least pick his plate up off the table. I mean, even my dad does that. But I shrugged it off as him just being spoiled. Obviously, Giana spoiled Taylor and Stefano tremendously.
Once I was done helping in the kitchen, Taylor asked me for help in his room. He had a few clothes that he threw in the laundry for the trip.
“Hey Sugar, do me a favor and get my clothes out of the dryer and fold them up for me. I’ll need them for my trip.”
“Well, what are you gonna do?” I crossed my arms and furrowed my brows.
“I’m gonna lay here for a second. I’m full.”
I didn’t like that he was demanding me to fold his clothes for him. I wasn’t his mother. I mean, I wouldn’t mind doing that for him, but to demand it of me, and for him to just lie there and do nothing was a little bothersome. “It’s not my house Taylor. I don’t feel comfortable walking into the laundry room to get your clothes and fold them for you. I feel like I’m stepping into your mom’s territory.”
“It’s fine, just do it baby. I need them.” He waved his hand in the air for me to leave.
I rolled my eyes and didn’t move.
“Now,” he demanded and then changed his expression to a smirk, “please baby.”
“Ok, I suppose.” I reluctantly walked to the laundry room and opened the dryer. I found two shirts, a pair of boxers and a few pairs of socks. I proceeded to fold them and then walked them back to his room. “Taylor, I’m done,” I tried to hide my irritation.
“That was fast. Cool, let’s get a move on.” Taylor walked past me and smacked my butt. “Shake a leg woman.”
“Are you serious?” I jerked back and squealed.
“Just kidding. Don’t be so uptight. Let’s go baby.”
I rolled my eyes and followed him out to the garage, with his folded clothes in hand.
He poked his head into the house from the garage. “Mom, Dad? We’ve gotta go now. Are you ready?” He then looked at me, “Baby, be a doll and put those clothes in my bag please.”
“Ok bossy,” I said half jokingly.
“Oh you know you like it,” he smirked.
I shook my head in irritation. Taylor’s parents’ joined us in the garage and we all sat in the car. It was quiet most of the way there. Taylor’s mom kept asking Taylor if he remembered certain items. Stefano seemed to be annoyed with some driver that was supposedly tail gating him. I sat there quietly, thinking about the trip and how we would spend our time there. I couldn’t wait.
Once we arrived at the airport, we said our goodbyes and Taylor and I checked in our bags. We still had about an hour and a half to spare once we were checked in. We grabbed some coffee and waited at the gate.
“You excited baby?” Taylor asked as he placed his arm around me.
“I’m ecstatic!! How about you?”
“Oh ya! I can’t wait. How many haunted houses do you want to go to?”
“I’m kind of scared of those.”
“Awe how cute!” Taylor said sarcastically. “Well don’t worry, I’ll protect you!”
“Well, thank you. We’ll see. Let’s just play the whole trip by ear.”
“Okay that’s fine. It’s gonna be a blast.”
We sat there for about an hour, just discussing what it would be like in Niagara Falls. Once we were called to board the plane, we hurriedly walked in and sat in our assigned seats.
The trip flew by fairly quickly. We relaxed the whole time, not talking much. Once we arrived at Hamilton Airport, Ontario, we rented a car and drove to Niagara Falls. Driving into town was gorgeous; between the green lush surroundings, picturesque parks, and amazing falls, I didn’t know which direction to look. It was magnificent.
We arrived to our hotel in just a little over an hour. Once we settled in, we decided to freshen up and hit the town for a bite to eat.
“Baby, grab my clothes for me, will ya? I’m gonna hop in the shower real quick.”
“Ok,” I felt more like a mother than a girlfriend sometimes. One thing I knew to be true was that Taylor was a very spoiled boy.
Once Taylor was done with his shower, I was already ready to go. I waited for him to dress and then we were off.
“Wow, this is so awesome to be in a hotel right in the heart of town.” I looked around in awe as we walked out the doors of the building. Our hotel was nestled in the middle of all the hustle and bustle of the downtown area. Many buildings were decorated with large cartoon like letterings and fun décor. The streets were crowded with people roaming around. Tourists from all over were like Paparazzi with their cameras and phones, taking pictures of sights and of each other. I knew we had made the right choice to come here for my birthday. Halloween wasn’t until the next day, but that didn’t stop anyone from dressing up in his or her costumes. As the sun began to set, the ambient lighting from people’s light up necklaces and bracelets illuminated the walkways. The radiating glow from the numerable lampposts gave the impression of a small town, contradictory to the discernable urban setting. The sound of music resonated from some of the buildings, offering an eclectic mix from various genres.
We found a burger joint just a little ways down the road.
“What do you think babe? Do you want to eat here?” Taylor pointed at the burger restaurant.
“Sure. A burger sounds great. I’m so hungry!”
We walked into the quaint restaurant. It was small, but packed with people. Taylor held my hand as we maneuvered between people left and right. We found a spot to sit in the back corner of the restaurant. We ordered our food right away.
“I’m so excited to be here Taylor! I’m really glad we chose Niagara Falls for this Halloween.”
“Me too! It’s exactly like Micah described.”
“What do you want to do tomorrow? We should check out some Halloween parties, haunted houses, the Falls…”
“Well, that all sounds great,” he interrupted, “and we should do all of that. I actually kind of had the day planned.” Taylor smirked.
“Why do you look so suspicious?”
“What? Me? No…”
“Come on Taylor, spit it out. What do you have planned?” I awaited his answer anxiously.
He squinted his eyes and smirked even more. “You’ll just have to wait and see. All I will say is that it’s going to be a combo Halloween day and Birthday.”
“Well, that’s obvious.” I giggled. “Alright, I guess I’ll wait. It sounds fun!”
Our food arrived in no time. Once we finished eating, we walked around the town a bit longer. Since it had been a long day, and we had a full schedule ahead of us the next day, we returned to the hotel early and got some rest. We were both exhausted, and fell asleep straight away in our own beds. 


Chapter Twenty One

My heart pounded vigorously as I ran through the barren desert in the sweltering heat. I was searching for someone. I couldn’t find them. My white dress danced around me as the warm wind blew past. My silky straight hair fluttered around me, blinding my view with every other step I took. There he was again. He was far away, and I could not reach him. The closer I ran towards him, the further he seemed to float away. I stopped and gazed into his familiar eyes. He opened his mouth to speak, but I could not hear him. Time stood still. My heart raced. I awaited his message. But all I could hear was a voice from above. A woman’s voice, so soft and sweet, stated: “My dear, all shall reveal itself in due course.” Then he vanished. I sprinted towards where he stood a moment ago. Suddenly, the ground beneath me dissipated. I began to fall. I was going to hit the ground, when…
I woke up to the delightful aroma of morning coffee. The trickle of the brew was like a soothing alarm, waking me up slowly from my sleep. I breathed in, realizing that I was in a dream. I sighed in relief that the fall was not real.
I looked over to my right to see that Taylor was not in his bed. I looked over at the bathroom, and heard the shower running. I lay there, resting, while Taylor was taking a shower.
The bathroom door swung open. “Well, good morning baby.”
“Hey Taylor. I thought you were taking a shower.”
“No, but I have a surprise for you.” He offered his hand and tilted his head towards the bathroom door.
I sat up and walked over to him. He took me in with his hand over my eyes.
“Tada” he said.
The bathtub was filled with bubbles and smelled of apple cinnamon. All around the bathtub were lit candles and faux rose petals.
“I hope you enjoy your relaxing morning. I’ll be right back.”
He came back a minute later and brought me a cup of coffee.
“Now you just enjoy yourself and take your time. I’m going to take care of a few things and I’ll be back soon.”
“Wow, thank you so much Taylor. This is amazing.”
“Of course.” He gave me a kiss on the lips and began to walk out. He turned around to face me again. “Oh, and Happy Birthday baby!”
I smiled shyly and bit my lip. “Thank you!”
He winked and shut my door. I set my coffee down on the tub, took my clothes off and slowly stepped into the warm water. As I sunk into the tub, I rested my head on the soft mini pillow that was placed there. The bubbles popped with every movement. I closed my eyes and lay still for a while.
I began to remember bits and pieces of my dream. That was the second time I recalled seeing that man in my dream.
Who is he?
I recalled what the woman’s voice from above said. None of it made sense to me. Maybe this was a sign that Taylor and me were destined to be together. I sipped on my coffee and pondered what my future would hold. I put my thoughts to rest and just enjoyed my bubble bath.
I had been in the bath for about ten minutes and I began to get antsy. It was time to get out and prepare for the day ahead.
I put my Princess Jasmine costume on. I straightened my hair and placed it in a loose ponytail, just like the cartoon character. Since my hair was long, it was easy to style like the character. Once I had finished applying my makeup and getting dressed, I walked out of the bathroom to text Taylor.
To my surprise, he was sitting on the bed with a dozen roses.
I gasped, “Thank you so much Taylor. They’re beautiful.” I walked to him and gave him a hug and a peck on the cheek.
“You’re welcome. You look nice!”
“Well, so do you Aladdin,” I laughed.
“Why thank you. You ready?”
“Sure, let me just put these roses in a cup.” I took a moment to sniff the roses and inhale their delightful aroma. I placed the roses in a cup from the bathroom and filled it with water. “I’ll put them right next to my bed.” I picked up my phone and saw that I had over ten texts already from friends and family, wishing me a happy birthday. “How sweet, everyone is texting me for my birthday.”
“Ya, I heard your phone beep a whole lot while you were getting ready.”
“You were so quiet coming in. I didn’t even know you were here.”
“I wanted to surprise you.”
I smiled and gazed at him in appreciation.
“Okay, well, first stop is Skylon Tower. We’re going to have brunch there, Princess Jasmine.” He winked.
“Wow, really? That’s so cool. It’s so high though. That’s kind of scary.”
“I know, that’s what makes it more fun and exciting.”
“You were able to get reservations?”
“Well, I made them before we left home.”
“You really did have today planned out.”
“Oh ya, I did! So are you ready to have some fun?”
“Yes, let’s do it!”
We took our rental car and Taylor drove us to Skylon Tower. It looked so intimidating as we stood right below it. The trip up the glass elevator proved to be a bit frightening, but more so exciting. Once we reached the tower, we walked around to gawk at the amazing view. It was breathtakingly magnificent. We walked around the inside and then the outside viewing areas. 		Taylor and I took pictures of one another and of the amazing views. I wasn’t sure which cities I was looking at, but I heard a couple next to us pointing out certain regions.
“There’s Buffalo over there. If you look over here, that’s Toronto.” The husband pointed around, telling his wife where everything was.
Taylor and I were eavesdropping on the couple to get a better idea of where everything was located. The most marvelous view of all was that of the Falls. They were massive, and utterly unbelievable to witness. I knew that would be a trip I’d remember forever.
After we noticed our hands turning slightly purple from the cold, we entered into the restaurant and enjoyed the view from inside. The hostess led the way to our reserved table.
“Here you go Madam,” Taylor exclaimed as he pulled out my chair for me.
“Why thank you sir. Taylor, this place is phenomenal.”
“It sure is. It’s kind of scary when you think about how high we are.”
“Ya, that’s for sure.”
“So are you having a good day so far baby?”
“Yes I am. Thank you for planning all of this. I’m loving every minute of this day.”
“Of course. It’s my pleasure. But it’s not over yet.”
“Oh my gosh, there’s more?”
“Yup. I guess you’ll just have to wait and see.”
I smiled widely and sat quietly for a moment. I gazed around the room to look at the people present in the restaurant. You can tell most of these people were tourists. Most had expensive cameras draped around their necks. Many people were in awe of the view from the restaurant, talking amongst themselves and pointing at the sights.
I thought about my dream and what it meant. Maybe it’s a sign that I am destined to be with Taylor. Why else would I keep having these dreams? I like Taylor, and I suppose I could imagine a future with him. We seem to have enough in common. Although he could be arrogant and self-centered, he is sweet most of the time.
“Harmony, are you going to look at the menu?”
“Huh?” I looked up at Taylor. “Oh sorry, I got lost in my thoughts.”
“What are you thinking about?”
“Oh nothing really. Just the trip.”
“Alright, well, would you like me to order for you? I found this chicken dish I think you’d like.”
“Sure, that sounds great.” I decided to just let him choose a dish for me and order our food. I sat back and bathed in my thoughts a bit more.
Our food arrived no more than fifteen minutes later. “Wow, that was fast.” I stated. I thought for sure it would take a while to get our food because the restaurant was very crowded.
“Ya it was.” With no hesitation, Taylor began to eat. He began speaking with his mouth full, “Our next stop is this famous haunted house that is supposedly the scariest one in town.”
“Is it a real haunted house or one where there are actors and props?”
Taylor laughed. “It’s the kind with actors and props. You’re silly. Do you really believe in real haunted houses?”
“Maybe.” I said softly; a bit embarrassed. Obviously he didn’t believe in them. I could tell from his sarcastic tone.
“Hmm… ok. Well, to each their own. Anyway, Micah told me about this place. He said most people don’t even make it half way through. There are emergency exists around every corner. It’s that scary!” Taylor began to speak in a low tone, as if he were telling a spooky story.
“Ok, thanks. That’s enough information. You’re freaking me out.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll be there to protect you. Just look at these guns.” He lifted his arms and began to flex. He perked one eyebrow up as if to pose like a model.
I began to laugh. “You’re hilarious.”
“Hey, you don’t think I’m strong enough?” Taylor pouted his lips.
“No, I definitely think you’re strong enough. You’re just funny, that’s all.” I cleared my throat and tried to contain my laughter.
I started eating at a fast pace to catch up to him. Taylor was almost done with his food.
Once we had both finished eating, we headed outside one more time to look at the view. We walked around the perimeter to get a full visual from above. Hand in hand, we got back on the elevator and began descending back to the ground.
“Oh, how nice it is to feel the gravel beneath my feet.” Taylor said as he jumped slightly up and down on the ground. “I didn’t realize how scared I was of heights until I started coming back down the elevator. That was so high.”
“I think it was great! I feel very adventurous.”
“Well, what do you say we kick the adventure up a notch and check out that haunted house Micah talked about?”
“I’m in! Let’s do it!”
We hopped in our rental car and drove to the haunted house. We parked around the corner and walked up to the building. As we approached, my palms began to sweat, and I could feel the blood rushing through my veins. As I took a big gulp, I peered around at the building. Embellishments of skeletons and skulls were hanging everywhere. There were signs that read: beware, keep out, and will you survive. The front of the building had lots of black, ripped, old looking fabric hanging all around. Halloween music filtered through the air from the inside. I heard screams, the sounds of a chainsaw, and haunting laughter. There were people in line waiting their turn to enter. I saw the exit doors Taylor had mentioned. One door swung open as three girls stumbled upon one another, screaming at the top of their lungs. They ran out with their faces were frozen in terror. They flew past us and down the road.
“I’m officially scared Taylor. I don’t know if I can do this.” I gripped his shirt.
“Don’t worry baby. I told you, I’m right here.”
I fiddled with my hands a bit, trying to muster up the courage to walk in there. I convinced myself that it wasn’t real and I could do it with Taylor by my side.
It was our turn. The employee lifted the chain and gestured for us to walk in. “Good luck in there.” He said.
I grasped Taylor’s hand tightly and walked closely next to him. We wandered into pure darkness. I heard a witch’s laughter. Then a strobe light kept switching on and off. We walked forward, and saw a door in front of us. Hesitantly I placed my head into Taylor’s side and closed my eyes. He began to open the door. We heard someone from behind screaming at us to get in. Taylor and I screamed in horror and ran into the next room, and shut the door behind us.
A dim light was lit in the corner of the room. There was a young woman in the corner, rocking back and forth on an old rocking chair. She began to sing, “Ring around the rosie, a pocket full…” Her hair was disheveled and her face was pale. Her eyes held and empty gaze as she sluggishly lurched back and forth. She possessed a stare of undeniable vacuity. Then she turned her head weakly to face us, and tilted it as to understand whom we were. Lazily, she maneuvered out of her chair and began walking like a zombie towards us. Her singing voice started to take a louder and creepier tone. Taylor and I screamed and stumbled backwards. A light suddenly switched on above a doorway. We ran as fast as we could out of that room.
Next was a room full of hanging faux meat. We sifted through it as the floor vibrated beneath us. We realized there were people to our left and to our right who were pushing the hanging meat around and making growling and grunting sounds. As we approached the exit, we looked to our right and saw the scary character of Jason with a chainsaw in this hand. I screamed at the top of my lungs and pinched Taylor as I buried my head into his side. We ran towards the left and we saw the character of Freddy Kruger staring at us and moving his hands fluidly wanting to touch us.
I couldn’t take it anymore. I yelled out, “Get me out of here, please!” I took Taylor’s hand and ran forward, only to find a bloody bride with a knife in hand. “Ahh, please, I want out. Show me an exit!”
Finally, a green light lit that read exit. As I began racing towards the doorway, a zombie started racing after me. I sprinted as fast as I could towards the exit, shrieking the whole way out. I didn’t even wait for Taylor at that point. I was thoroughly terrified.
After I had run past the building, I stopped; finally realizing I was safe from the haunted house. My hand fell to my knees, and I bent over for a few seconds, trying to catch my breath. I lifted myself up and turned around to look for Taylor. He was just getting out of the exit door.
“Sorry, Taylor,” I said as I walked slowly towards him, “I had to jolt out of there. I was terrified!”
He began to laugh, “It’s okay. I thought it was fun. I could have gone a bit longer.  But I could tell you were pretty frightened.”
“Uh, ya, you think?”
Taylor giggled, “Come here,” he pulled me in and gave me a half hug. “You’ll be okay. There’s nothing like a good scare!”
“Right,” I rolled my eyes in disagreement. “Well, I think I’ve had enough haunted houses for one day. What now?”
“Well, I’ll tell you what. Why don’t we get out of our costumes and change into some comfortable clothes. We’ll take a closer look at Niagara Falls next and watch the sunset.”
“Perfect. I wanna get more comfortable! This costume is beginning to make me itch.”
We walked back to our rental car and headed towards our hotel. Once we were dressed in our comfortable attire, we were ready to head to Niagara Falls.
“Harmony, give me my cologne and deodorant from the bathroom, will ya?” Taylor asked.
“Um, I guess,” I’m not sure why he couldn’t get it himself. Nonetheless, I walked to the bathroom and grabbed his requested items. As I walked out of the bathroom, I saw him pull his hand out of his pocket quickly. “What are you doing?” I wondered.
“Nothing, just fixing up. You grabbed those for me?” He immediately snatched the items from my hands. “Thanks.”
Once he was done primping, we left the hotel and drove down to Niagara Falls. The sun was at its early stages of descent. The sky glowed brightly, with the sun casting astounding shades of reds and oranges. We found a parking area near the falls, walked out of the car and held hands as we strolled together and stared at the water. Flickers of different colored lights illuminated the falls. The water thundered down rapidly, creating a thick effervescent cloud of mist that ascended upwards.
“Beautiful, isn’t it Taylor?”
“You bet! Come on, I see a place we can sit and take in its beauty.” He held my hand and led me towards a grass patch near The Falls. There was an empty bench there, and we both sat down. Taylor wrapped his arms around me, and I laid my head on his shoulder. We sat silently for a few minutes, allowing ourselves to take in the scenery and panoramic views. He took my hand in his and grasped it tightly.
Taylor turned his head towards me, “Harmony?”
“Yes, Taylor?” I looked over at him. He looked nervous.
With his head bowed down, he spoke softly, “You’re so beautiful. I love spending time with you. We have so much in common, and you’re everything I would ever want in a girl.”
I whispered, as my heart skipped a beat, “I feel the same way about you.” I think!
“I have something to tell you.” Taylor stood up, his back facing Niagara Falls. He lifted his head and looked into my eyes.
“What is it?” Nervously, I began to stand up.
“No, no, sit down, please.” Taylor gestured his palms downward.
“Ok, you’re scaring me.”
“No, it’s nothing scary, I promise.”
“You can tell me anything.”
“Well... A few days ago, I received a letter. I’m being recruited to a police department in Oregon. They want me to head up there in a few months, after I finish the academy here.”
“What, why you?”
“Well, it’s not just me, I suppose they really need people in their town right now, and they’ve recruited a few others elsewhere. The recruiter is an old friend of one of my trainers at the Academy. My trainer recommended me and said that I would be a good candidate for their department. The money would be about the same, but it will be great experience for me, and I’ll have a chance to move up the ladder more quickly. So, I accepted.” He bit his lip nervously as the news spilled out of his mouth.
I wasn’t sure how to respond. I sat quietly and my gaze fell to the floor. I felt my heart sink into my stomach. What would this mean for our relationship? I wanted to be positive for him. It would be a great opportunity for him, and I would not want him to pass it up, especially on my account. “That’s great Taylor. I’m happy for you. But Oregon? That’s so far. Where in Oregon?”
“It’s in a town called Ashland. I looked it up and it has about 50,000 people. Not too small, not too big. But it seems beautiful there.”
“Oregon seems like a beautiful place. I’ve only seen pictures, but I bet it’s even better to see in person. Maybe I can visit sometime?” I was unsure of what this news meant for our relationship. Is he trying to break up with me?
“Well, that brings me to something else I wanted to discuss.” He took a deep breath and began to speak in a more confident tone. “I finally feel like I have the career that I’ve always wanted, and I have the kind of girl I’ve always wanted.” He looked down for a moment and reached his hand in his pocket.
I gasped, unsure of what was about to happen. Thoughts began to race in my mind. What is he about to do? So, he’s not breaking up with me?
Instantly, I felt cold and anxious. My back seemed stiff and my eyes were focused on him. The world around me became blurry and nonexistent. I focused on his face as if I had tunnel vision.
The sky darkened, and the lights that illuminated Niagara Falls seemed brighter. The sound of the water emanated a white noise that overpowered any other noise around us. I became focused.
He looked up once again, his hand still in his pocket. “Harmony, I love you. I know that now. I would give anything to spend the rest of my life with you.” He pulled his hand out of his pocket and held a small jewelry box.
I gasped loudly. My initial reaction is to question him. “Taylor?”
“Harmony, I don’t want to leave without you. Will you please do me the honor of coming with me?” He began to kneel on one knee. “But even more than that, will you do me the honor of being my wife?” Taylor stared into my eyes, awaiting an answer.
What do I say? I’m speechless? Is this what I really want? I think I love him. I mean, we do have a lot in common. We would probably be good as partners. But is that a good enough reason to get married? How would I tell my parents?
It seemed as though I was encompassed with my thoughts for an hour or so. Although I wasn’t completely sure of what decision to make, I figured that a person is probably never one hundred percent sure in this type of situation. I thought about his positive attributes and everything he would be able to offer me in the future: a great career, stable environment, children, and a life free of my parents’ control.
I looked into his eyes, “Yes!” I breathed heavily. “Yes, I will be your wife.”
Taylor jumped off of his knee, picked me up off of the bench, and flung me around in a circle. “That’s the best news I’ve ever heard! I love you!”
I hesitated. I suppose this would be the right time to say I love you back. Don’t think about it – just say it! “I love you too!”
Taylor set me down on the ground and gently leaned in for a kiss. He kissed me more passionately than ever before. “You’ve made me the happiest man in the world.” He then removed the ring from its box and slid it on my right ring finger.
“Wow, that’s a perfect fit. How did you know?”
“I didn’t, I just guessed actually.”
I smiled as I admired the platinum, diamond ring. The ring was subtle but elegant, with a larger diamond in the middle and two smaller diamonds on each side.
I giggled and wrapped my arms around him. I was unsure how to react or respond. I was excited, but very nervous as well. We’d been dating less than a year, my parents hadn’t met him yet, and I just agreed to marry him and move to a different state with him.
“Will you take a walk with me?” Taylor asked.
“Sure, I’d love to.”
Taylor wrapped his arm around my shoulder and we walked next to the falls. Taylor spoke nonstop. He talked about telling his parents the news, getting married, and moving to the new town. I listened for a while, but I was unequivocally drenched in my own thoughts that his voice eventually sounded like the mumblings of a low volume television. I reflected on my short, yet fast pace relationship with Taylor. Although I was nervous about this major decision, the idea of marriage, true love, and children overpowered any hesitations I might have had. I became elated and couldn’t wait to start planning the wedding.
“Don’t you think?”
“Huh?”
“Harmony, are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“I said it’s getting pretty cold, don’t you think?”
As soon as he said that, I felt a shiver and wrapped my arms around myself. “Oh, I guess. I didn’t even realize I was cold.”
“Come on,” Taylor laughed, “what do you say we head back?”
I nodded and we headed back to the rental car, and Taylor drove us to the hotel.
“Come on baby,” Taylor said as he picked me up as if to carry me over the threshold of our hotel room.
“Hey, we’re not married yet.”
“Yes, but practice makes perfect.” We walked into our hotel room and he bounced me out of his arms and onto my bed. He held a more serious look on his face. He walked slowly towards the bed looking at me from top to bottom. He stood over me and crouched down, with his hands resting on each side of me. He bowed his head down and moved my head to one side using his nose. Then he gently began to massage my neck with his lips. Taylor moved up to my ear and whispered, “I love you.” He reached my lips and began to make out with me uncontrollably. He reached his hand on my hip and began to pull down my skirt.
I jolted up, but he was strong, and apparently he didn’t realize I was trying to stop him. “Stop, Taylor,” I said gently.
He stopped what he was doing, “Oh okay.” He sighed.
“It’s just…. You know I want to wait, right?”
“Yes, you’ve made that very clear,” he shrugged.
“Are you okay with that?” I tilted my head and awaited his answer.
He seemed hesitant, and didn’t respond right away.
“Taylor?”
“I understand Harmony. I can respect that.”
“Thank you. I appreciate it.” I gave him a quick peck on the lips.
He lifted off the bed and climbed onto his, “Very well then. Good night fiancé.”
“Goodnight to you as well, fiancé.”


Chapter Twenty Two

Niagara Falls proved to be a fun place to visit, not to mention beautiful. Taylor and I were thoroughly exhausted the next day. We woke up late, had some coffee, packed our bags, and drove to the airport. The flight home had gone by fast, as we both slept most of the way. Occasionally I would glance down at my ring and wiggle my hand around to catch glimmers of light bouncing off of the diamonds. Once we arrived at the airport in San Diego, Taylor asked me to hide my ring in my purse. His parents planned a late lunch with us that day, and he wanted to surprise them during that time. So I reluctantly removed my ring and placed it in a safe, small pocket in my purse.
Giana and Stefano met us in baggage claim. They helped us retrieve our bags and we all walked to their SUV. Stefano started the car, and began driving to his home.
“So how was Niagara Falls?” Giana said from the front passenger seat.
Taylor and I looked at one another and smiled. Without removing his gaze, he answered. “It was great. We had lots of fun.”
“Good for you! Oh, and Happy late birthday Harmony.”
“Thank you Mrs. Giana.”
“Mom, what’s for lunch?” Taylor rubbed his belly in a circular motion.
“Home made Margherita Pizza.”
“Oh that sounds so good,” Taylor whined.
“It is, I tasted it,” Stefano finally spoke.
“You what? Stefano!” Giana yelled out. She started raising her voice and speaking Italian.
“What is she yelling about?” I covered my mouth and spoke into Taylor’s ear.
Taylor sighed, looking annoyed, “She hates it when he gets into her food before guests arrive. She wants things to be perfect when people come over.”
“Giana, I only had a little slice,” Stefano cried out with his hand in the air.
She lifted up her left hand and pressed her fingers together, and moved it with an up and down motion. Her lips perched tightly and she let out a low growl. It’s as if she was letting him know that he was gonna get it.
Once we arrived to Giana and Stefano’s house, Giana took no time at all to put the pizza and paper plates on the table. The pizza was large and smelled divine. There was a small triangle slice missing. But there was still plenty of pizza.
Apparently, every one of us brought our appetites, because we all inhaled that pizza within a matter of minutes. Stefano and Giana were finishing up the last few bites on their plate when Taylor whispered in my ear.
“Harmony, please, grab the ring now and put it on.”
I lifted my purse from under my chair and quietly pulled out my ring. I placed it on my finger and rested my hand on my knee. Taylor held my hand under the table and began to clear his throat.
“Mom, Dad, I have something I’d like to share with you.”
They quieted, turned and stared at him.
“You know how I got that call from Ashland the other day, and I accepted it?”
“Yes, why? Have you changed your mind?” Stefano seemed concerned.
“You’re not going?” Giana gasped excitedly and perked up.
“No, I’m still going.” Taylor laughed.
“Oh,” Giana sighed.
“Well, surprise.” Taylor lifted my hand from under the table and held it up for them to see.
Giana and Stefano gasped.
“I’ve asked Harmony to marry me.”
“Wow.” Giana and Stefano said in unison. They looked at each other for a moment and then shared gazes with Taylor and I.
Stefano stood up, “Congratulations son.” He walked over to Taylor and gave him a hug. “Congratulations to you as well, Harmony.” I lifted up off of my chair, as Stefano met me half way to give me a hug as well.
Giana began to tear up. She walked over to us and wrapped her arms around the both of us. “I love you,” she said as she kissed Taylor and then me on the cheek. “Congratulazioni per il vostro fidanzamento!” Giana said sweetly as she peered at the both of us with tears streaming down her face.
“Thanks so much.” I said. I looked over at Taylor and gave him a confused expression.
“It means: congratulations on your engagement.” He whispered in my ear.
“Oh,” I said softly and nodded.
“Ya, thanks Mom and Dad. I’m starting a new career, and what better way to start that new chapter, than with a beautiful wife by my side.” Taylor hugged my waist and gave me a kiss on the lips.
“Well good for you guys. Please sit, let’s have dessert!” Giana walked into the kitchen and returned with a plate full of Cannolis.
“Oh, my favorite!” Stefano grabbed one before Giana set the plate down.
“Hey, guests are first.” Giana smacked Stefano’s hand and the Cannoli dropped back onto the plate.
“Oops,” Stefano grinned. He looked towards us and winked. “I love to rile her up.”
“What?” Giana yelled.
Stefano started cracking up. Taylor and I giggled under our breaths.
“See! Are you sure you want to get married?” Giana pointed at Stefano. “This is what you end up with.” She whipped her head back and forth with her strong Italian accent that seemed to come out when she was angry.
Everyone laughed hysterically at that point.
I looked over at the clock on the wall. “Taylor, I probably should be getting home now.”
“Ok, no problem. Mom, Dad, I’m going to walk Harmony out. I’ll be back.”
I stood up and walked over to Giana and Stefano. “Thank you both for your hospitality and kindness. And thank you for allowing me to keep my car here.”
“No problem Harmony, anytime.” Stefano gave me a hug.
Giana then gave me a hug and held me tightly. “I’m so glad you’re going to be part of this family.”
I smiled as she released her hold, “Thank you so much Mrs. Giana, me too!”
I waved to them and walked out with Taylor.
“Here, let me help you put your bags in the car.” Taylor carried my bags for me and placed them in the trunk. “Have you thought about how we’re going to tell your parents?”
“If you don’t mind, I think I’ll take care of that. I need to think of the best plan of attack. My parents aren’t going to be too thrilled when they don’t even know who you are. I’ll let you know what I come up with.”
“Sounds great. Nothing can get between us. Just remember that.” Taylor gave me a hug and a kiss. “Goodbye baby. Text me when you get home.”
I nodded, “I will.” I smirked and hopped into my car. Ah, the comforting smell of my car. How I missed you. I took a moment to breathe in and allow the car to start up slowly. Finally, I waved goodbye to Taylor, and headed home.
I enjoyed my sequestered car ride home. It was nice to finally have some time alone to think and evaluate all that had occurred in the past few days. I drove with both hands on the wheel, focused on the road. Every now and again, I would lift my right hand and admire the shiny diamond ring that Taylor had given me. I still couldn’t believe I was engaged.
Finally, I pulled up in front of my home. I saw that both my parents’ cars were in the driveway. I nervously hurried to remove the ring from my finger, and placed it in my purse. “Whew… ok, take a deep breath.” I told myself. I breathed in through my nose, and exhaled through my mouth. “Here goes nothing.”
I walked into the house and heard laughter coming from the living room. I walked around to see what was going on. My parents were sitting on the couches watching Dumb and Dumber.
“Hi Mom, Hi Dad!”
“Hi honey!” My mom jumped up off of the couch and gave me a hug.
“Hi, hon!” My dad stayed sitting on the couch but grabbed my hand and pulled me down to give me a kiss on the cheek.
“Hey, what are you guys up to?”
“Oh we’re just watching a movie,” my mom said.
“Haven’t you guys watched this, like, a million times?”
“It never gets old,” my dad laughed at one of the actors in the movie whose tongue was stuck to a pole.
My mom took my hand and pulled me over to the couch to sit next to her. “So, tell us all about it. Was it fun?”
“Yes, it was very fun! Canada is pretty cool. Going through customs was a pain in the butt. Niagara Falls was beautiful.”
“Awe, that’s wonderful honey. Anything else exciting happen?” My mom questioned.
I suddenly became very paranoid. What does she mean by that question? Does she know something? “What do you mean? Like what?”
“Your birthday honey! Did you do anything exciting for your birthday?” My mom looked at me funny.
“Oh, haha,” I sighed in relief, “yes, my friends and I went up to Skylon Tower. It’s this really high tower that has a restaurant and viewing areas. We went up this glass elevator to get to the top, and we ate there. It was so good!”
“That sounds like fun honey,” my dad said with his eyes still glued to the television.
“Well, that’s wonderful sweat heart. Your dad and I have a little something for you as well.” My mom walked over to the coat closet and took out a small bag. “I remembered you eyeing this in a magazine. I hope that you like it and that it will someday bring you good luck in love.”
“Oh my gosh, is it what I think it is?” I asked.
“Open it,” my mom smiled lovingly.
I ripped the bag open and reached in. I felt a long, rectangle shaped box. I took it out and stared at it. Slowly, I began to open the box. There it was; a magnificent white gold necklace with a heart pendant that dangled freely. The chain was shiny and thin, but you could tell it was sturdy and strong. The heart pendant had a clear glass heart in the middle, and was surrounded by diamonds all around it. I picked it up and examined it. Various shades of light glimmered through the glass heart.
“Mom, Dad, I absolutely love it! Thank you so much!”
“You’re welcome honey, Happy Birthday,” My dad said, this time looking at me and smiling.
“You’re welcome Harmony, it’s not every day our daughter turns Twenty. I know it’s not such a monumental birthday, but it is to us. Our baby isn’t a teenager anymore.” my mom gave me another hug.
“You’ve made me so happy, thanks again.” I looked at both of them and smiled. “Do you mind if I head upstairs and relax in bed. I’m a little exhausted from the trip.”
They both nodded. I got up and headed up the stairs. Guilt consumed me. My parents were very sweet to give me such an amazing gift, and all I was doing was lying to them. I chickened out, and couldn’t tell them the truth. I have to figure out a way to break the news about Taylor, one way or another.
I showered and hurried through my nightly routine of brushing, flossing, washing my face, applying face cream, and eye cream. I jumped into my nice cool bed. My sheets smelled like Downy, which meant that my mom washed them while I was gone. I snuggled in comfortably and dozed off to sleep.


Chapter Twenty Three

A week had gone by and I had yet to tell my parents about Taylor. I hadn’t found the right time yet. Or maybe I was too scared to break the news to them. Either way, I had to tell them soon. “Taylor is leaving in two months, and I still haven’t told them!” I mumbled to myself. It was Friday morning, and the sun was peeking through my curtains and bouncing off of my face. I rubbed my eyes and moved to the other side of the bed where the sun hadn’t reached yet. My dad had already gone to work. I knew because I heard the garage open and close about an hour ago. I heard some clanking down stairs and figured it was my mom working in the kitchen. I forced myself to get out of bed and go downstairs.
“Good morning Mom.”
“Hi Harmony, would you like some coffee?”
“Yes, I’ll go ahead and get it.” I walked over to the coffee pot and began to pour some coffee and creamer into a mug. “What are you doing?”
“Oh, I saw this great recipe for a Date Cake on Food Network, so I thought I’d give it a whirl.”
“Yum, that sounds delicious.”
“I sure hope so.”
I had an uneasy feeling in the pit of my stomach. I knew that I had to tell my mom about the engagement soon. I tapped my fingernails on my cup of coffee.
“Are you okay Harmony? You look a little sick.”
“I’m good Mom, just a little queasy.”
“Do you need anything?”
“No thank you.” I sipped on my warm, comforting coffee. “Actually, Mom, do you think I can talk to you about something?”
“Sure honey, anything.”
“Well, I met this guy.”
“Really, what guy?”
“His name is Taylor. I met him through a friend of a friend.”
“Ok…” My mom sounded curious but apprehensive.
“He really likes me and I really like him.”
“How long have you known him?”
“I don’t know, maybe about six months.”
“I see. Is he Chaldean?”
“No, actually, he’s Italian. His parents are from Italy.”
“Oh, I see.” She remained expressionless. I couldn’t tell what she was thinking.
“Mom, we’ve been seeing each other for a while now. I’m sorry. I didn’t want to lie to you about it. I just felt like I had to. You guys have always said that I couldn’t date. Not unless I was engaged to be married. I promise I haven’t done anything you wouldn’t be proud of. But here’s the thing: he really loves me and he asked me to marry him. It felt right, so I said yes. I don’t want to lie to you anymore. I want to be open about going to see him or him coming over.” I felt like a weight had been lifted off of my shoulders. I unleashed the information and couldn’t stop myself once I began.
My mother sat silently looking down at her cake ingredients.
“Mom, are you upset?”
“No, honey, I’m not upset.” She took my hand and squeezed it. “I understand why you lied. I mean... I don’t like it. But I suppose that in a way, your dad and me never opened the doors of communication for you. I know we’ve been strict, especially your dad. I knew deep down this day would come. I don’t know what we were expecting: coming to a different country and assuming to raise our daughter the way we were raised back in the old country.”
I was completely enthralled in her speech and listened carefully to what she was saying. I set my coffee down and rested my head on my hands as I silently awaited the rest of her speech.
“Let me tell you a story I haven’t told anyone before.” She looked at me with saddened eyes. “Long ago, when I was just two years younger than you, I met a man. He was a few years older than me. His father was a professor and did volunteer work in schools in other countries to help others learn the English language. He was an American. I was taken by his silky blonde hair and laid back demeanor. He and his father were only at my school for a semester. I would see him walk around sometimes, but was too shy to introduce myself. One day he actually came up to me and introduced himself. He said that I was the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen. We became great friends and would spend time together at school breaks and after school as much as we could. He would walk me home every day, but would not walk me to the house. He would watch me from a few houses over to make sure I made it home safely. My parents would have killed me if they knew I was hanging out with some American boy they didn’t know. Well, eventually we fell in love. I never felt so connected with anyone in my life.” She looked up at me, worried about what she had just said. “Don’t get me wrong, I love your father, and I don’t regret marrying him. If it wasn’t for him, then I wouldn’t have you.” She began to stare off into a corner and continued her story. “Anyway, we fell for each other and fell hard. We talked about running away together to some far away island. Ah, young love!” She paused for a minute.
“Well, what happened?”
“Well, it was time for him to leave. His father’s work was done, and they had to go back to the States. I never saw him again after that.” She began to tear up. “You know, I regret not being brave enough to tell my parents. I’ve thought about him from time to time. I wonder if he still thinks of me.” She sighed. “The only reason why I’m telling you this is because I want you to know that all I want for you is to be happy. I don’t care what his background, race, or religion is, as long as he makes you the happiest woman in the world and takes care of you. You are the one who has to share your life with this person, and if you feel that he is the one, well then I support you.”
I was overjoyed. I jumped up and gave her a hug and began to cry. “Thank you so much Mom. You’re the best! I only wish we could’ve been this open sooner. It would’ve saved me so much stress.”
“I agree honey. I agree!”
I let go and looked her in the eyes. “Mom? How will we tell Dad?”
“Sweetheart, don’t you worry about your dad. I’ll talk to him, and make him understand.”
“Ok. Thank you,” I stood up, “would you like to see my ring?” I asked excitedly.
“I would love to see your ring!”
I ran up the stairs, fetched the ring from my purse, and dashed back down to show her. I put the ring up to her face.
“Ah, wow! Let me see!” She grabbed it and turned it every which way to see light bounce off of it. “Honey, it’s beautiful! I’m so happy for you!”
“Thanks Mom!”
“Listen, when your dad comes home tonight, I will speak to him. But it’s probably best if you aren’t here. Would you like to hang out with your friends? I’ll text you to let you know how it’s going.”
“That sounds like a great idea Mom. Besides, I haven’t told Sylvia, Chloe, or Zoe yet. I’ll see if they’re available to go to dinner tonight. Thanks again Mom. Love you!”
“I love you too!”
I skipped up the stairs happily and eagerly began to text Taylor the great news. He responded and noted that he was excited, but still nervous about my dad’s approval. I assured him not to worry, and that I would keep him updated as the day progressed.
I dialed Sylvia’s number.
Ring, ring, ring. “Sylvia here!”
“Sylvia? It’s me, Harmony.”
“Hey girly, long time no talk. How are things?”
“They’re good. I wanted to update you on some things. Do you think you’d want to have dinner tonight and hang out for a bit? I was thinking about calling Chloe and Zoe too.”
“Well, Johnny and I were maybe going to watch a movie. Let me ask him and call you right back.”
“Ok, I’ll wait to call the rest of the girls then, until you call me back.”
“Ok I’ll call right back, bye.”
I hung up the phone and waited for her to call me back. I hoped she would say yes. Not even a minute passed by and she called me back. “Hello?”
“Hey Harmony. Sounds like fun, I’m in!”
“Wow, that was a quick response.”
“Well, Johnny is actually hanging out with me right now, so it was easy to ask. He’s due for a guys night himself.”
“Perfect, can I meet you at your place?”
“Sure, let Zoe and Chloe know to meet here as well. If they can make it, that is.”
“Ok, around 4 p.m. good?”
“Yup, sounds great. See ya then!”
“Yay, see you then!” I hung up the phone. I dialed Zoe’s number. The nice thing is that Zoe and Chloe live together, so I only needed to call one of them.
“Hello?”
“Zoe, it’s Harmony. How are you?”
“Hey missy, I’m great, how are you?”
“Not bad. Listen, I’m planning a girls’ night with Sylvia. Would you guys be up for hanging out tonight?”
“That sounds fun! Let me ask Chloe. CHLOE, DO YOU WANT TO HAVE A GIRLS NIGHT WITH SYLVIA AND HARMONY?” She screamed at Chloe, who was apparently in a different room. “She says yes.”
“Yes! Wonderful. We’re meeting at Sylvia’s at around 4 p.m. I’m thinking Sushi for dinner!”
“Awesome, that sounds so good. See you then!”
“See ya. Bye!” I couldn’t wait to tell them the news about the engagement. I ran downstairs and told my mom our plans for the night. She gave me thumbs up and told me the plan sounded great. I decided to spend time on some schoolwork to pass the time. I headed upstairs again and opened up my Math book.
After a few hours had passed, I was caught up with all my schoolwork and decided to take a rest. I lay on my bed and played some games on my phone. Finally, it was 2:30, a perfect time to get ready for the night. I got up and headed for the bathroom to take a shower. Once I was done, I wrapped my fleece white robe around me and began applying my makeup and styling my hair with some mousse. I used a diffuser to enhance my curls. Then it was time to choose an outfit. I rummaged through my closet. I finally decided a pair of jean shorts and a comfy red tee shirt. I wore black thong sandals. I made sure this time, to text the girls and tell them what I was wearing. They all text back that they would wear shorts as well.
At 3:40, I headed out of the house and drove to Sylvia’s house. I pulled up to her adorable cookie cutter home. The only things that differentiated her home from all the others were the tiny fairy and gnome figurines that were carefully placed around the front yard.
I knocked on the door and Sylvia’s mother answered. “Hi Harmony, how are you dear? I haven’t seen you in a while.”
“Hi Mrs. Adelina. I’m good how are you?”
“Great. Just great. Come on in honey.”
“Thank you!” I walked in the house and Sylvia was just running down the stairs.
“Hi Harmony.” Sylvia ran up to me and hugged me.
I hugged back, “Sylvia, it’s so nice to see you. It’s been a while.”
“It sure has. Boys seem to take up a lot of our time, don’t they?”
“You got that right.”
“Party’s here!” Zoe and Chloe screamed in unison as they walked in the house.
Sylvia laughed, “Well, you guys haven’t changed.”
“Hey guys,” I yelled out.
They walked over and gave everyone a hug, beginning with Adeline.
“You girls have fun now, I’m going to go relax and meditate.” Adeline walked upstairs.
“Meditate?” I whispered quietly to Sylvia.
“Yes,” she chuckled, “she went to a meditation class through the city, and she’s been obsessed ever since. Although, I have to say that she is a lot more calm these days.”
“Well, that’s a good thing!” I said.
Sylvia nodded and giggled.
“Sushi anyone?” Zoe mentioned.
“Oh that’s right, I told Zoe that I was thinking about eating Sushi. Is everyone alright with that?”
They all happily agreed to the choice of restaurant.
I clapped my hands together. “Good, because there is this new Sushi place that also does Teppanyaki grilling. It’s where they cook the food right in front of you. It sounds awesome!”
“Let’s do it. How about I drive?” Sylvia offered.
“Shot gun,” I screamed.
“Cool, let’s go.” Chloe walked out first.
We all got in the car and I instructed Sylvia where to go. Everyone talked about the food that they were going to order as soon as we arrived. We were all famished. I called on the way there and made reservations. Luckily, they weren’t that busy, so we were able to get a reservation without any delay. Once we arrived to the restaurant, the hostess directed us to our table. There was a huge iron grill in the middle, and eight chairs all around. The hostess said that no one else would be joining us at our table, so Sylvia and I decided to sit on opposite ends of the table, and Zoe and Chloe sat far apart on the long side of the table. That way, we could all have a view of each other’s faces. The other side of the table had no chair, but it’s where the chef would come and cook the food.
We examined the menus, and once we all made a dinner choice, we ordered.
“I can’t wait to see what this place is all about. It seems really cool.” Sylvia said.
“I’m glad we could all get together again. We haven’t done this in a while,” Chloe said as she sipped her ice water.
“Me too! I feel like we’ve lost touch a bit recently. Let’s try to do this more often!” Zoe said.
“Ya, about doing this more often. There’s something I need to tell you guys.” I tensed up as I prepared to unleash a bundle of news.
Sylvia asked cautiously, “What is it?”
Zoe and Chloe focused on me, and they all awaited my response. Suddenly, it seemed like all the background noise was silenced, and the lights shining above us focused on me like a spotlight. Why am I so nervous? After all, this is good news. Right? What if they judge me because I haven’t known Taylor for that long? Breathe. Here goes nothing!
I reached down to my purse and removed the ring. “Taylor asked me to marry him,” I said as I held the ring up and swirled it around for all to see. I couldn’t help but smile happily.
“Oh my gosh. Harmony, Congratulations!” Sylvia jumped out of her chair and wrapped her arms around me. “I’m so happy for you.”
Zoe and Chloe both gave me one-armed hugs and congratulated me as well. They took the ring from my hand end passed it back and forth between one another, taking turns to view every centimeter.
“Thank you guys. What a relief!” I exhaled loudly.
“A relief? Did you think we wouldn’t be happy for you?” Zoe asked.
“Well, I was just nervous that you’d all think it was too soon.”
“Honey, listen. You’re our friend, and all we want is for you to be happy. Does Taylor make you happy?” Sylvia asked lovingly.
“Yes, he does.”
“Then girlfriend, that is all that matters,” Chloe responded with a finger snap and hand wave.
“She’s right. Congratulations friend,” Sylvia said.
“Congratulations,” Zoe kissed me on the cheek.
“Congratulations,” Chloe offered a hug.
They all sat down and Zoe handed me back the ring. “Thanks.” I placed it on my right ring finger. “Thank you all for your support. You don’t understand how much that truly means to me.”
They all nodded and smiled.
“There’s actually more that I need to tell you all though.” I didn’t stop to wait for a response. “You know how Taylor has been going to the Police Academy?” I meant that as a rhetorical question and continued. “Well, he was recruited by a department in a place called Ashland. It’s in Oregon. So I’m pretty sure I’ll be moving with him.”
“Really? When does he start?” Sylvia asked.
“In less than two months.”
“So you’re planning a wedding a month from now?” She sounded worried.
“Well, I don’t know. I guess we haven’t discussed that. I mean, I think so.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa? Wait a minute. You haven’t discussed the wedding or anything?” Zoe squealed.
“Not exactly. I mean, he asked me to marry him and go with him to Ashland. But we haven’t discussed when we would have the wedding or where.
“Oh my, we have lots of planning to do.” Chloe clapped her hands excitedly.
I held my arms up in resistance, “Well hold on there. I still haven’t broken the news to my dad.”
“Oh my gosh, this is like a soap opera!” Sylvia exclaimed in a high pitch voice.
They all began to giggle.
“Okay, okay, I know it all sounds a bit crazy, but we’ll figure it out. I told my mom today and she’s very supportive. Well, except for the part about Ashland. I didn’t mention that yet. But I want to break all the news to her slowly. As for my dad, my mom is planning on talking to him as we speak. She’s supposed to text me and let me know how it goes.”
“Well, please let us know if you need any help,” Sylvia stated sincerely.
Zoe and Chloe agreed with Sylvia and repeated her offer.
“Thank you all, I will. You’re the best girlfriends I could ever ask for.”
The chef came over to our table at that moment. “Hello, I am your chef today. I have your orders and I will be cooking your main course. The waitress will be bringing your Miso Soup momentarily. Ahh, here she is. Please enjoy your appetizers as I begin.” The waiter had a very thin mustache and a very strong Japanese accent.
The chef began by pouring oil onto the hot grill and it sizzled. Then he placed a stack of sliced onions on the grill, poured a liquid in the middle, and used a lighter to ignite a flame from inside the onions. The flame rose up and a heat cloud rushed towards us. Then he began to chop the onion. The rest of the show consisted of cooking our chicken, meat, rice and veggies, and throwing some cooked shrimp into our mouths with his spatula. In addition, we had some Sushi on the side. We had a great time interacting with the chef and seeing our food being cooked right in front of us, and in such a unique and fun way. We all ate as soon as the food reached our plates. It smelled like teriyaki sauce and barbeque by the time the chef was done. The only person that finished her whole plate of food was Chloe. She complained that she hadn’t had anything to eat all day. The rest of us asked for takeout boxes.
Just then, I heard my phone beep. I gasped, “It’s a text from my mom!”
“What did she say?” Sylvia wondered.
“She said: come home honey, your dad would like to speak with you.” I gulped in horror.
“Oh jeez,” Zoe sounded apologetic.
Chloe groaned as she held her full belly.
Another beep. “Wait! She also says: don’t worry Harmony, it’s good news.”
I felt relief, and was able to relax a bit. “Okay girls, it looks like I better be getting home.”
“Ok, let’s drive back to my place so you can get your car then.” Sylvia stood up and grabbed her takeout box.
“Thanks Sylvia. Thank you all for your support and friendships. It means the world to me.”
We all huddled in a circle and wrapped our arms around one another. It felt great to be friends with people who genuinely care about you.
Sylvia drove us back to her house. The ride home consisted of soft jazz music and the loud moaning of Chloe in the back seat, holding on to her belly as if it were to burst at any moment.
“Thank you, girls, for an awesome night. We definitely should do this again before I move.” I hugged each of them and we said our goodbyes. I headed home as fast as I could, trying not to exceed five miles over the speed limit.
I finally screeched into the driveway of my home. I saw the lights on the inside and prepared myself for the interrogation. My heart raced as I stumbled to put the front door key in its slot and unlock the door. I finally managed to unlock it, but before I could open the door, my mom swung it open.
“Having some trouble dear?”
“No,” I chuckled nervously, “just trying to find the right key.” I walked in and waited for my mom to shut the door. We walked together to meet my dad.
“Come on honey, your father’s in the kitchen.”
I followed her and saw my dad sitting at the head of the table drinking his tea. “Hi Dad,” I leaned over and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Hi bratee, have a seat.” He pulled out the chair beside him. My dad always called me bratee, meaning daughter, when he was having a serious conversation with me.
I sat down and awaited his lecture. My mom sat down across from me.
“Your mom has told me about this man you have been pursuing a close friendship with.”
“Well, a little more than a friendship hon!” My mom exclaimed.
My dad cleared his throat, seemingly uncomfortable with the idea of his daughter in a relationship. “Yes, excuse me, relationship.” He breathed in deeply, and slowly breathed out, “Is this true Harmony?”
I knew this was my chance to be completely honest with him. “Yes, Dad. It’s true. I really care for him deeply, and he cares for me too.”
My dad perked up one eyebrow, “How long have you known this boy?”
“About six months or so.”
“That’s not a very long time.”
“I know it’s not Dad. But I can assure you, that he only wants the best for me. It would be nice for you to meet him.”
“Well, I will have to meet him. I refuse to allow my daughter to date someone that I do not know.”
“I should tell you, that he has also asked for my…”
“Ah, what about tomorrow?” My mom interrupted quickly. “I don’t have any plans. I can prepare a nice dinner for all of us!” She looked at me with eyes wide open and shook her head from side to side.
“Sounds great. We need to meet this person. What is his name bratee?” My dad asked.
“Umm…” I was still puzzled by my mom’s interruption. It took me a second to think of his name. “Taylor. It’s Taylor.”
“Good, then your mother and I will meet Taylor tomorrow.” My dad placed his hand on mine. “You know honey, I only want the best for you. You must understand, that dating someone is a very serious thing, and if you cannot envision a life with this person, then you should not be dating them.”
“Thanks Dad. I understand.” I stood up and gave him a hug. “Love you.” I walked over to my mom and gave her a hug as well. “Love you.”
“Love you too honey.” She stood up and began to follow me up the stairs, “Harmony, I have some shirts I bought for you today, let me show you.” She said loudly.
I was puzzled by her odd behavior. “Ok Mom.” I walked into my room and sat on the bed.
My mom closed the door, “I actually didn’t buy you any shirts honey, sorry.”
“Huh?”
“I needed to speak with you. I didn’t want you telling your Dad about the ring and proposal just yet. He would flip out if he wasn’t asked for permission first. Please, you must ask Taylor to talk to your father, and ask his permission for your hand in marriage. Give him back the ring and tell him to present it to your father, so he knows that Taylor is serious about marrying you.”
“Okay, whatever we need to do.” I agreed to her requests. After all, she knew my dad better than anyone, and knew what it would take for him to be okay with Taylor.
“Good. I’ll let you get some rest,” she kissed me on the forehead and stepped towards the door.
“Wait. Mom?”
“Yes dear?”
“There’s something I forgot to mention.”
“What is it?” She returned to the bed and sat down next to me.
“Taylor is in the Police Academy and he’s almost done. But, he’s recently been recruited to begin his work in a small town located in Oregon.”
“Oh I see.” She shrugged her shoulders. “What does that mean for you?”
“He wants me to go with him. That’s why he asked me to marry him so soon.”
“Oh honey, maybe you should take some time to really think about this decision. Oregon? That’s far from here. You’re going to be pulled away from us, your friends, your work, your college.”
“I know, but I really want to. I don’t think that there is much to think about. I love him, and he loves me. We can get married and move to this town and start our lives.”
“What about your classes?”
“I’ll transfer my credits to the college there.”
“I don’t know about this honey. Please take some time to think about this.”
“But Mom, if I don’t marry him, there’s no way dad is going to agree to any of this. I don’t want to lose him.”
“This is a big decision. Please just take some more time to think about it. We’ll meet Taylor tomorrow and go from there, okay?”
I didn’t feel like arguing about it, “Alright Mom. Sounds good. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight honey,” she left the room and closed my door.
I lay down and put my hands over my face in frustration. It was beginning to seem like so much work to gain my parents approval about everything that was going on. I guess I hadn’t thought too much about going to Oregon with Taylor. I just thought it would be a great adventure to move to a new town with the man I loved and begin our lives together. What is there to think about? I do love him. Right? I took my phone out of my purse text Taylor about the dinner tomorrow. He agreed to do the dinner and didn’t seem too nervous about it. I, on the other hand, was weary about my dad meeting Taylor. I hoped it would all go well. I yawned and my eyes began to shut. I realized that I was exhausted. I lay there just five more minutes, and began drifting off into sleep.
I stood in a magnificent courtyard. There were flowers, large fruit trees and candles placed throughout the yard. I felt the warm sun touch my skin and lifted my head up and closed my eyes to take in the comforting rays through my lids. The smell of lavender was potent, but invigorating. I opened my eyes, only to be blinded by the white dress I was wearing. It cascaded down to the floor. My long, dark hair was blanketed under a veil that fell past my waist. I wasn’t sure why I was in that dress. Suddenly, I saw a man in the corner; his eyes pierced mine with great intensity. This man was different than the man I’d seen before. His hands were clasped together, as he held them down in front of him. He possessed a devilish grin and lifted his forefinger up, gesturing for me to come to him. Something didn’t feel right. I didn’t know this man. I panicked and began to run the opposite direction. Instantly, clouds covered the sun, and lighting roared in the sky. I was now in the dessert, running alone. Fast and steady, I raced away. The sweltering heat wrapped around me as I unwillingly began to run at a slower pace. I tried to speed up but couldn’t. I held my dress up with one hand and forced my body to keep up the pace. ‘Zahra…’ a whisper echoed quietly from afar. “Ya Amar where are you?” The world as I knew it began to pulsate rhythmically. I could hear my heart follow the beat. I whirled around in slow motion, looking for the culprit: the person who called my name. Nothing but dust from the sand dunes clouded my view. The ground crumbled from beneath me, and I began to fall down swiftly, screaming for help.
“Ahh!” I screamed as I jerked up from my sleep. Confused, I grabbed my phone and looked at the time. A half hour had passed since my mom had left the room. I sat up and began to recall my dream very vividly. Who is Zahra? “Just nerves,” I told myself. Why do I keep having these vivid dreams that feel so real? Who’s Ya Amar?
I decided to ignore these odd dreams that I was having and go to bed. I changed into my pajamas and began my nightly rituals before bed. Once I finished, I plopped my enervated body onto my bed and I instantly passed out into a deep sleep. 


Chapter Twenty Four

The smell of bacon crept through the cracks of my door. I took a calming breath in and stretched out as I sat up in bed. I had a restful night sleep. Slowly, I walked downstairs and saw my mom cooking. “Good morning Mom.”
“Hi honey, good morning.”
“What’s the occasion?”
“Nothing. I just felt like making you a wholesome breakfast today. You’re going to need your energy for tonight’s dinner.”
“Oh, I see. Sounds good to me.” I walked over to the coffee pot and poured a cup of coffee. “I have a class this afternoon and then I’m picking up a half shift for a girlfriend at work. But I should be home around five, is that okay?”
“Sure, that’s great. It will give me enough time to prepare everything for dinner. Just tell Taylor to be here an hour after you, then. That way we’ll all be here and ready for him when he arrives.”
“I will,” I said as I sipped my coffee.
“Here’s your breakfast.”
“Thanks Mom.”
I gobbled up my breakfast and finished my coffee. I hurried to get ready before my class started. I decided that I would wear my work attire so I would be ready for my shift right after class. I put my black pants on and a white button up, short sleeve, ruffle shirt. I slipped my black boots on, grabbed my phone, purse, and keys and headed off to college.
I called Taylor on the way to work, to update him on what time he should come over.
“Hello?” Taylor said in an upbeat voice.
“Hi Taylor it’s me. I was planning on leaving you a message.”
“Hey baby, how you doin’?”
“Good, how are you? You’re in a chipper mood!”
“Yes, I’m just excited about tonight!” He chuckled.
“That’s great! You’re not nervous at all?”
“No, not really. I’m pretty smooth. I can win your dad and mom over.”
“Ok, well, I’m glad you’re confident!” Kind of conceited if you ask me, I thought. “To be honest, I’m a bit nervous. It’s very important to me that my parents like and approve of you.”
“Don’t worry, I’m sure they’ll like me. What is there not to like?”
“Ya, I suppose. But listen, I’m almost to school. I just wanted to tell you that dinner is at six, so please be there then. Oh, and my mom knows everything, but my dad doesn’t know about Ashland, Oregon, or about us being engaged. Maybe it’s a good idea if you get his approval and pretend like you haven’t asked yet. I think he’ll like that.” I hoped that he would agree to that.
“Really? Well, I guess I will let him know about me having to move and wanting to ask for your hand in marriage.”
I breathed a sigh of relief. “Thanks Taylor, I appreciate that! My parents will appreciate it too!”
“Sure, but honestly, they won’t be able to resist my Italian charm.”
“Calm down there bad boy,” I laughed. “Okay, well, I gotta go. Just parked at school. Have a good rest of the day and I’ll see you tonight.”
“Ok baby, love you.”
“Oh,” It’s still felt very odd to use those words. But we’d already made a commitment and I’d said it before. Why does it feel weird to say? “Love you too, bye,” I said quickly and hung up the phone.
I think it’s going to take some time to get used to saying those three words. They’re just words, but boy, do they hold a powerful meaning.
I made my way into class just in the nick of time.
The rest of my school and workday had gone by so quickly. I hoped that that the day would drag on so that I would have time to mentally prepare myself for the evening. But time is inevitable, and so was this meeting with my parents.
After work, I drove home slowly. I tried to calm my nerves and relax. I had never brought a boy home before, and so I hoped that it all would go well.
I parked in front of my house and walked outside, only to find that the breeze had picked up and the temperature had dropped. I wrapped my arms around myself and walked towards the front door. As I walked into my home, I was immersed in the aroma of stuffed grape leaves and my mom’s homemade cheese bread. My mom had turned the heater on to warm the house just enough to a comfortable temperature. It felt as cozy as Christmas morning. Taylor’s going to love this!
“I’m home,” I said as I walked down the hallway.
“Hi Harmony, I’m in the kitchen,” my mom yelled out, trying to speak over the loud kitchen vent she had turned on.
“Hi Mom, it smells amazing in here.” I walked right up to her as she was pulling a pan of cheese bread out of the oven.
“Thank you. I wanted to make dinner especially special tonight.”
“That’s nice. Thanks Mom. I’m going to change into more comfortable clothing. Will Dad be here soon?”
“Yes honey, he should be here in about fifteen minutes.”
“Good,” I whipped around to head for the stairs and stopped dead in my tracks, “Wow!” I gazed around the dining room and couldn’t believe my eyes. This was a dinner fit for a king and queen. A fancy warm and rich brown colored tablecloth had hints of yellow and orange. It lined the dining table and cascaded down the edges. Two large candleholders rested on each end of the dining table. They had small brown tiles that covered the hourglass curved candleholders. The tops of the curved candleholders were adorned with brass shaped leaves, in the shape of a blooming flower. Large cream-colored round candles rested above the candleholders.
Then, my eyes moved to the centerpiece of the table, which was a deep brown and yellow bowl that had one leg, which lifted it high above the table. It had decorative swirls at the top of the bowl and the bottom of the leg. In the bowl were overflowing real green, red and purple grapes. There were five placemats on the six seating table. The place mats were a deep burnt red and had matching napkins. Ceramic deep green colored plates with designs of grapes sat above the placemats. Large clear glasses with crystal bottoms were paired with the plates.
“Mom, this is beautiful!”
“Thank you honey. I worked hard to make this place look nice.”
“Well, I definitely think Taylor will like it, especially since it is very Tuscan inspired.”
“You know how I love Italian style décor!”
“Of course! So why are there five place mats? It’s just the four of us.”
“Oh, I didn’t tell you? You’re grandmother’s coming over.”
“Nana?” I screeched. “Mom, I’m already nervous enough as it is. Does she have to come? I’m afraid she’ll be very critical.”
“Yes, she’s coming. I can’t un-invite her. That would be rude. Besides, your grandmother has a sort of sixth sense. I’d like her honest opinion about Taylor. She’s very sensitive to energy you know!”
“Yes I know that. Ok then, I’m going to go upstairs and change now.” I walked upstairs and sat on my bed. I shouldn’t be nervous. After all, he has the P letter in his name, as my grandmother talked about in my cup reading.
Three knocks on the front door. I heard my mom open the door say hello to my grandma. I’d better hurry up.
I shut my bedroom door and looked in my closet and drawers. I wanted to look nice, but make sure the clothes that I chose were also comfortable. I decided to wear my black tights, an extra long length, short sleeve pink wool shirt, and my wedged black knee high boots. Perfect! Cute, but comfortable.
I sprayed my favorite perfume and touched up my eyeliner. Just then, I heard my dad come home as well.
“Hey everyone, I’m home. Shall I get the gun ready and scare him off before he walks in?” My dad yelled as he walked in.
“Oh goodness honey, you don’t even have a gun! Don’t be silly. Nobody does that anyway. That’s just in movies.” My mom said nonchalantly.
“Hahaha,” my dad laughed loudly. “Just kidding. But he better be scared. It will take a great man to live up to my standards when it comes to dating my daughter!”
“Oh jeez,” I muttered to myself. “Please don’t embarrass me.”
I walked downstairs, realizing that I only had about fifteen minutes before Taylor arrived. “Hi Dad, hi Nana!”
“Hi honey, are you ready for the interrogation?” My dad grinned.
“Dad, please, be nice. You’ll like him, I promise.”
“Yes, maybe. We’ll wait and see!”
“Hi habibi,” my grandmother intervened as she gave me a hug and a kiss.
My Dad walked upstairs, “Okay, I’m going to take a shower. Be right back.”
I pulled my grandmother’s hand to the couch in the family room, “Come here Nana, I want to tell you about Taylor before he arrives.”
“Sure. I want to tell you something also.”
“Really? That’s strange.” I said. I was curious to know what she wanted to talk about. “Huh, ok. So anyway I think Taylor’s the guy you may have been talking about.”
“Really?” She looked confused.
“Nana, remember in my cup…”
“Oh yes, yes. I remember. Really?”
“Yes. I think he’s the one you were talking about.”
“Maybe so,” she had a concerned look on her face. “Harmony, I was having strange dreams about you. I dream about you being lost in a desert, running from someone, but also running to someone. It’s very strange. I’m not sure what it means, but I want you to be open with your, how you say…” She looked up for a moment to think, “intuition. Make sure you know what feels right and what doesn’t. Do you believe he is the one for you?”
“Taylor?”
She nodded.
“Well, yes. I think so.”
“You think so?”
“I mean, he seems perfect for me, and I for him. I think we were made for each other.”
“Hmmm… I see. Well, you know what is in your heart.” She placed her hand over her own heart as she spoke.
“Why do you have a look of concern Nana?”
“I just want you to make wise, and good decision. It seems too soon to tell.”
“Nana, he’s the letter P. Remember, in my cup?”
“Oh,” my Grandmother gasped. “I see.” She looked down for a moment. “Why didn’t you say?”
“Oh, well, I thought you kind of figured, when I mentioned…”
“Sorry habibi, I didn’t realize. The letter P, huh? It makes sense now.”
“What all makes sense Nana?”
“Habibi, some things in life are, uh, inevitable. That makes sense?”
I nodded.
“Destiny takes you places you would not expect. Sometimes, maybe there are trials and hard times, and other times there will be joy and happiness. Life is journey that you must take on your own.”
“But if you have a certain feeling about him, I want to know. I trust you, and I don’t want to make a bad decision and end up unhappy.” My grandmother possessed great intuition about people. I trusted my grandmother’s instincts and valued her honest opinions.
“It’s not about that, habibi. You will see. Focus on journey rather than destination, because the destination will only happen with the journey. Your destiny awaits you.” She smiled warmly.
Her words sent shivers down my spine. “Nana, how…” I began to breathe at a fast pace and my palms began to sweat. “I’ve heard that saying before: your destiny awaits you. A woman that we spoke to when my friends and I played the Ouija board said the same thing.”
“The Ouija board? You should not play with the other side like that. You don’t know the doors you could open.”
“Oh I know, I know. Mom said the same thing.”
“She’s right. Anyway, that is just a saying habibi.” She reached over and squeezed my hand and winked. She raised herself off of the couch and started to walk away.
“Nana wait, please. Do you know something I don’t?”
She stood silently for a moment, and gazed into my eyes. “Maybe,” she whispered. “Someday honey, when time is right, I will share more with you.” She smiled and walked off into the kitchen.
I sat there completely baffled. None of what she said seemed to make sense to me.
“Ok I’m ready. Boy, that food smells divine! Let’s eat,” my dad ran down the stairs and into the kitchen.
“We have to wait for Taylor.” My mom reminded him.
The doorbell rang!
“I’ll get it.” I rapidly ran towards the door, excited but nervous to open it.
“Hi Taylor!”
“Hi babe,” he whispered softly.
I smiled, “Come on in!”
“Taylor, hello! My name is Sara, how are you?”
“Great thanks,” he offered his hand for a handshake.
My mom ignored his hand and gave him a hug. “Only hugs around here.”
“Ok,” he chuckled shyly.
“Hello Taylor, my name is Rayhanah, but you can call me Nana,” my grandma said softly, with her strong accent.
“Hi Mrs. Rayhanah, I mean, Nana,” he offered a hug.
My dad was the last to say hello. He stood about two feet away from Taylor, and spoke in the deepest voice he could muster, “Taylor, I’m Symon.” He extended his hand for a handshake, unwilling to take a chance of looking feminine with a hug.
“Hi Mr. Symon, I’m Taylor. Well, you already knew that. Nice to meet you all.”
“Come on in Taylor. Please, food is ready, have a seat at the dining table.” My mom walked to the kitchen as my grandma and dad followed closely behind.
I looked over at Taylor who didn’t seem very nervous at all. I was the complete opposite; I felt like I was sweating profusely, I was so nervous. I nodded at him to come to the table and we walked side by side. He tried to grab my hand on our way, but I stopped him. I didn’t know how comfortable my parents would be about us being affectionate in front of them just yet.
We all sat down at the dining table. My mom and dad sat at both ends of the table, and Taylor and I sat on one side, and my grandma sat on the opposite side. I began explaining each food and its contents. “So this is homemade cheese bread made with Feta cheese, and that over there is Dolma. This, over here is homemade pickled cabbage and veggies.”
“Ah, no need to explain honey, he’ll eat it, won’t you Taylor?” My dad tried to sound intimidating. “My wife is the best cook around.”
“She learn from the best.” My grandma said proudly.
“Yes, I will like it I’m sure,” Taylor said with confidence.
My mom got up and paced around the kitchen, “Oh, I forgot the hot sauce, and the drinks. Oh, and I could bring pita bread.”
“Mom, please sit down. You’re always up and about when we’re eating dinner. We have everything we need.” I said pleadingly.
“Oh, I guess you’re right.”
“You have a lovely home Mr. and Mrs. Maia. It looks very Italian inspired, actually.” Taylor gazed around the room.
“Well, thank you for noticing. I do love Tuscan style living!” My mom said bashfully.
“Come on, everyone please dig in.” My dad looked around at all of us, and whipped his hands back and forth with his gold ring sparkling from the chandelier lights. His oversized gut and black tracksuit made him look as though he was a mobster.
“Yes, please dig in,” my mom said gently.
“Oh my goodness, Sara, there is a hair on my plate,” my dad threw his hands up in the air in disbelief.
“Oh dear, well, it’s definitely not my hair. Just look at the color,” my mom flicked her eggplant colored hair back with her fingertips. “Look, it’s very long white hair. Mine is half of that length.”
“Oh it’s not a big deal you two!” My grandma exclaimed. “We have a guest you know? Besides, it’s not in the food. It’s mine. It must have flown around when I braided it.” She chuckled at my parents.
My mom squeezed her fingers together and moved them in a forward and back motion, “Mom, you’re hair is almost to your hips, can you just be like other grandmas’ and cut your hair really short.”
“Hey, it’s my hair. Why don’t you grow your hair long?”
I looked over at Taylor and rolled my eyes, “Sorry,” I whispered.
“Oh Mom, at least mine...”
“Enough. Ladies, please, can we eat. Forget the hair. Sorry, I mentioned it.”
My mom and grandma looked at one another and chuckled underneath their breaths.
Once the bickering had desisted, every single one of us was diligently consuming the food on our plates. The conversation from then on, at the dinner table, was focused on the food and how my mom prepared it.
My dad was the first one to finish his dinner, “Oh, thank you honey, for the food.” He rubbed his stomach in circles. He walked over to the kitchen counter and grabbed a toothpick. With the toothpick in his mouth, he looked at Taylor, “Taylor, I’m going outside to smoke Hookah. Do you want to join me?”
I looked over at Taylor, who had a very presumptuous demeanor. I thought for sure, that any man would be nervous and intimidated to meet my dad, or any girl’s father for that matter. But Taylor always had a sense of arrogance about him. Nothing seemed to faze him.
“Yes, I sure will,” he said voluntarily. “Mrs. Sara, Nana, thank you for dinner,” he raised off of his chair, “if you’ll excuse me.” He followed my dad to the backyard and they shut the sliding door.
I looked down anxiously.
“Honey, don’t be nervous, I’m sure everything will be fine. Your father seems to like him already.”
“You think so Mom?”
“Yes, I think so.”
My grandma spoke softly, “Habibi, keep in mind, it is your life, and no matter what, your parents just want you to be happy.”
“Thanks Nana,” I looked up and smiled.
“Ok, time to make some tea. Harmony, will you please help me clear the table, and Mom, will you grab the desserts from the fridge in the garage? I have some Baklava, sweet bread and Namoora that I had made yesterday.”
“Ok, let me get the dessert,” my grandma walked to the garage.
I didn’t mind cleaning the table. I was happy to keep my mind occupied and focus on something else, other than the fact that my dad was talking to my fiancé. I decided to wash all the dishes as well, just to stay occupied. My mom appreciated that.
By the time I was done clearing and cleaning the table, washing the dishes, and putting all the food away, my mom and grandma had finished preparing the next course: tea and desserts.
“Honey, go call them in for the next course, will you?” My mom asked.
But before I even took a step forward, my dad whipped the sliding door open and shouted as he walked fiercely into the house. “Two months bratee? You barely know this man. You want to leave the state and be married within two months. This is ridiculous. I thought you would bring a man home that you were serious about, and we would set up an engagement party, and then we would all get to know him for about a year or two before you got married. But, this? This is an outrage!”
I stared at my dad, stunned. Scared out of my wits about the whole situation, I had no words. What could I say? My face was blank. My skin surely had turned a pale white as I stood there with my hands hanging down loosely at my sides.
My dad ran up the stairs angrily. My mom followed him instantly. I looked to my grandma to see her reaction. She smiled and looked apologetic. I walked outside to see if Taylor was okay.
“Taylor?”
“Hey Harmony, he didn’t take it so well.”
“Ya, I can see that. Are you alright?”
“Ya, I’m ok. I didn’t expect him to take it well, so it’s no surprise. I’m sure it’ll be fine.”
It’s humorous to think that Taylor was the one comforting me about the situation when he didn’t know my dad at all. “I hope you’re right. Well, come on inside. We have tea and dessert ready. Hopefully my dad will join us soon.”
Taylor followed me inside and we sat down at the dining table once again.
My grandma sat across from us. “Don’t worry habibi, it will be okay.” She smiled lovingly.
About thirty minutes passed by, as the three of us sat in silence. Finally, my mom walked down the stairs. She took a seat and looked over at Taylor and me. “Ok you two, Symon is coming downstairs and wants to speak to you. Please keep an open mind.”
I didn’t understand what she was getting at. I looked over at Taylor and he looked just as confused.
I heard my dad’s heavy footsteps coming down the stairs. He walked over to the dining table and sat down at the head of the table. We awaited his speech in silence. He tapped his chubby fingers on the table as if he were thinking about what to say. He looked over at Taylor and me. “Marriage is forever, you two realize that right?” He asked sternly.
We nodded in unison.
“Harmony, is this what you really want? To get married this soon, and not have a proper engagement or wedding party?”
“I think so. I mean, we really don’t have a choice because Taylor has to leave in two months. In his defense, he just found out about this position recently.”
“So why the rush then?” My dad wondered.
“Well, sir, I learned that I would be leaving soon and didn’t know if I was ever coming back here. I just didn’t want to imagine a life without Harmony. I knew it would be difficult to hold a long distance relationship, and I didn’t want to take the chance of losing her.”
“Do you feel the same way bratee?”
I nodded and looked down nervously.
“Well, Harmony, your mother and I discussed this briefly while we were upstairs. We understand how you feel, but we don’t want you two to rush into anything just because you feel pressured to do so. Why don’t you hold off the wedding and just be engaged for a year or two. See what happens from there.”
“But Dad, we’ll still live really far away from each other.”
“I’m not finished,” my dad paused for a moment, “while this is against tradition, I think it would be best to live together and make sure this is what you want before you take that big leap. Please think about that option. This will give you two some time to figure things out, and it will give us time and your parents time, Taylor, to plan the wedding.”
“Really Dad? Oh my gosh, I didn’t think you would be okay with that, so we didn’t even consider that option. What do you think Taylor?”
“Well, I guess. My parents are pretty traditional themselves, but maybe they would want to wait and plan a big party as well.”
“Well, I have a few requirements if I’m going to agree to this. Number one: is that you will get at least a two-bedroom apartment. I want you two to have your own rooms. I know I can’t keep an eye on you while you’re there Harmony, but that doesn’t mean you don’t have morals to upkeep.  Secondly: since we don’t have much time to plan an engagement party the way we like, we want to meet your parents, Taylor, as soon as possible. Number three: I want you to continue your college education while you’re there, Harmony. If you can agree to all of this, then you have my blessing.”
“Yes! Thank you Dad!” I jumped up and gave him a hug.
He laughed, “You’re welcome. Taylor, how about you?”
“Yes, sir, that sounds good. Thank you!” He got up out of his chair and shook his hand.
“Good. Now let’s drink some tea.” He waved his hand in the air and shook his head in disbelief, probably because he couldn’t believe he’d actually agreed to that predicament.
I, myself, couldn’t believe what I had just heard. My dad just gave me his blessing to move in with Taylor before we were married. I was stunned and excited all at the same time. I felt good about this decision. I didn’t want to rush into a wedding when I had a few doubts floating around in my mind. This would give me time to squash any doubts I had.
I sat there for about ten minutes, trying not to seem overly excited. I listened to my mom and grandma discuss their decorating plans for Christmas.
By the time we were done drinking tea and stuffing our already full stomachs with dessert, it had become pretty late.
Taylor stood up out of his chair, “Well, Mr. and Mrs. Maya, Mrs., I mean Nana, I should be heading home now. Thank you so much for your hospitality. I will talk to my parents when I get home, and we’ll plan a day for you all to meet.”
“Yes, please do. Nice to meet you Taylor.” My dad said in his deep, masculine voice, as he shook his hand.
“Okay, bye Taylor,” my grandma said sweetly as she hugged him.
“Okay now, give me a hug,” my mom insisted. “Nice meeting you. I look forward to meeting your parents.”
“Nice to meet you all as well, bye.” Taylor waved as he walked towards the door. I followed closely behind him.
I walked him out to his car and gave him a hug, “This is incredible right?”
“Yes, it is, I guess.”
“You guess?”
“Well, I suppose I thought we’d be getting married sooner. You know if we really wanted to, no one could stop us.”
“Oh I know that Taylor. But I don’t want to rush into this because we feel like we have to. I think moving in together is the best way to do it.”
“Ok, I guess so. We can plan the wedding while we’re out there.”
“Yup. That’s true. Don’t forget to talk to your parents.”
“I wont.” He leaned in to give me a kiss.
“No, no.” I leaped backwards, “sorry, they might be watching.”
“So? You don’t think they know we kiss?”
“Well, maybe they do, but I just don’t feel comfortable doing it. They might be watching right now.”
“Okay silly,” he laughed at me and gave me another hug. “I’ll see you later.”
“Ok, bye,” I waved to him as he jumped in his car and took off into the night.
I was absolutely elated. I walked back into the house and to the kitchen. “Thank you again Dad for agreeing to this arrangement. I think it’s perfect.”
“Well honey, it’s not what I want. But I realize that you’re going to do what you want anyway, and if I don’t support you, I’m afraid you will rebel and go off and marry this man instantly, just to spite me. That might be the biggest mistake of your life. So I’d rather support you and allow you to take your time to get to know this man.”
“Well, thank you Dad. That means a lot to me.” I kissed him on the cheek and hugged him.
“You’re welcome. Now, I’m going to go sit in my recliner and watch some television. It’s been an exhausting day.”
“Okay, sounds good.” I walked over to my mom, “Thank you Mom for all the cooking you did. And thank you Nana for being here.”
My mother gripped my hand firmly, “You’re welcome sweetheart.”
They both looked at me and smiled.
“Do you want me to drive you home Nana?”
“Oh honey, your grandma’s going to stay here tonight. We’re going to the garment district tomorrow morning.”
“Again?”
“Yes, again.” My mom placed her hands on her hips. “We like going there.”
“Ok, suit yourselves. Mom, do you need any help cleaning up?”
“No sweetheart. Go relax. Your grandma and I will take care of it.”
“Well, I’m going to shower, make a few phone calls and relax in bed. Thank you all for everything. It means so much to me.”
“Goodnight!” Mom, Dad and Grandma spoke in unison.
I took a shower, changed into some comfortable wear, and rested on my bed. I made sure to write a group text to Sylvia, Chloe, and Zoe, updating them on the latest news about Taylor and me. They all expressed their excitement for me and for the fact that they will have more time to find the perfect bridesmaid dresses. I laughed hysterically when all of them mentioned the bridesmaid dresses separately. I text Taylor goodnight, and thanked him for coming over and meeting my parents. He text me back saying that he just arrived home and that he felt good about how the dinner went. The text ended with an: I love you and goodnight. I began to yawn every few minutes and my eyes became very heavy. I didn’t fight sleep any longer. I cozied up under the sheets and fell asleep. 


Chapter Twenty Five

A week had drifted by and Taylor’s parents and my parents still hadn’t met. Taylor and I were the messengers and we kept relaying messages to our parents about certain days to get together. Nothing seemed to be working out until finally, everyone came to an agreement to meet the coming weekend at a local Mexican food restaurant in old town, San Diego. They all agreed to meet in a neutral place to ease the tension and stress of meeting for the first time.
I went about my week, focusing on school and work. I decided that I would not see Taylor again until our parents met that weekend. I wanted to allot myself sufficient time to prepare for the move to Ashland. I looked into transferring my credits to a community college there. Since every state has a different set of requirements for school credits, I thought I’d begin at a jr. college and hopefully transfer to Southern Oregon University. Everything was set for me to choose courses at the college. I signed up for a few courses for the beginning of the next semester.
I scoured the Internet for days, searching for a two-bedroom apartment in Ashland. I told Taylor that I preferred to search for one myself because I wanted to make sure it was in a safe and friendly neighborhood. I came across a newer condo building in which individual owners were looking for renters. I contacted many of the owners, but unfortunately was unsuccessful in my endeavors. I took a chance and looked for a two to three bedroom home. I found a cute, little two-bedroom, and two-bath cottage home. The pictures displayed an entranceway just outside the home, adorned with a cobblestone pathway, and colorful flowers on each side. There was a large tree on the right side of the home that looked as though it was a hundred years old. The tree’s roots were large and hovering above the ground. A swing hung from the tree, and there was a white picket fence surrounding the perimeter of the home. The inside of the home was just as endearing as the outside, with a stone fireplace, claw foot tub in the master bedroom, and a large upgraded kitchen. It was everything I could’ve wanted in a home, and then some. I didn’t think that I would have a shot at renting this home, but nonetheless I made the call. To my surprise, the home was available to rent, and at an inexpensive price. The owner very honestly notified me that he had recently decided to put his house up for short sale. That was his second home, and he couldn’t afford an extra, overpriced mortgage anymore. He hadn’t had luck with occupying the home, because he couldn’t find renters that were looking for a temporary living situation. He decided to lower the rent, because, as he mentioned, some rent money is better than none. I was extremely excited and agreed to rent the home. I did my research and realized that a short sale could take anywhere up to a year or more to finalize. This would give Taylor and me enough time to learn the city and find a more permanent home in an area we like.
Next, I thought about transferring from the Sears where I worked to another Sears near Ashland, but decided against it. I spoke to my parents about it, and I wanted to settle into life in another town first, before I was overwhelmed with school and work. They agreed. I planned on finding a new job once I settled into the new home.
Everything seemed to be falling into place. The plan was set in motion to move to Ashland. Taylor was graduating early from the Academy. He would be completing school a week before Christmas, and beginning his new job at the Police Department in Ashland in mid January. That was perfect amount of time for us to move and settle in. We decided to stay in California for Christmas with our families and move into our new home after the New Year. All that was left was for our parents to meet.
By the time I knew it, the day had come for our parents to meet. My parents and I were home preparing for the night out. I helped my mom pick out a bright coral colored dress and beige heels and purse to match. My dad had dressed in a track suit and I asked him to please change and wear his black slacks and a light yellow button up to compliment my mom’s dress. Finally, I dressed in a red dress, black belt, and black heels.
Once we were all appropriately dressed, we began our journey to Old Town San Diego. I sent Taylor a text when we left the home to give him an idea of when to leave his home, since he lived closer to Old Town.
We pulled into the main parking lot surrounded by restaurants and shops just as planned, around 5 p.m. The weekend, to no one’s surprise was a busy time for Old Town. Taylor still hadn’t arrived with his parents yet. My parents and I decided to walk into the Mexican restaurant and book a table, since we hadn’t thought to make reservations.
Although the forecast predicted clear skies, dark clouds from afar seemed to creep closer. The cold wind chill gave me goose bumps all over. I wrapped my arms around myself and shuffled my feet quickly in front of my parents on our way to the restaurant. Once inside, I made a reservation for six people, and not surprisingly, there was a thirty-minute wait. We waited in the lobby for about ten minutes. A table became available, and we were sent to the back of the restaurant.
I felt as though I were stepping into an old western movie. The restaurant had old photos of desert landscapes and cowboys on their horses. There was an old wagon in one corner of the restaurant and a few bullhorns placed sparingly on the walls. Even the waiters and waitresses were dressed in old country costumes. I gazed around the room, taking time to look at all the decorations. I noticed the plates of food on the tables surrounding us, and I closed my eyes and breathed in. The smells that emanated from the kitchen made my mouth water and my stomach growl. I couldn’t wait until they arrived, so I could taste the food.
As we looked at the menus, I heard my name, “Hi Harmony!” It was Taylor, with Stefano and Giana behind him. “Hi Mr. Symon and Mrs. Sara. These are my parents, Stefano and Giana.” He stood aside so our parents could get acquainted.
They all shook hands, said their hello’s and made their introductions. Taylor and I sat on the ends of the table, while my parents sat on one side of the table, and Stefano and Giana occupied the other side of the table. The waitress, in her cream-colored country dress, came by with chips and salsa and water for all.
I was thankful for the loud voices and sounds in the restaurant, because our table was awkwardly silent for a few minutes. I observed every one’s behavior as they sat quietly, reading their menus. Taylor sat there nonchalantly, as if he had no care in the world. Sometimes I think he’s just oblivious to the world around him. He was so self absorbed. His mom retrieved a pair of glasses from her purse and squinted as if she still couldn’t read the menu. She whispered every now and then to her husband, who was the only one helping himself to the chips and salsa. My mom sat there smiling the whole time, just looking at the menu. I saw her nudge my dad a few times with her elbow. He would jerk every time she did it, but did nothing of it. He just held his menu up and tapped his full fingers on the table repeatedly.
Finally, the waitress came back to take all of the food and drink orders. Once the menus were gone, no one had anything to hide behind. Everyone just smiled at one another.
I decided to break the ice. “Well, we found a home, everyone! It’s a temporary home, but it’s very quaint.”
“Oh that’s wonderful,” Giana said. “Isn’t it, Stefano?”
“Yes. Wonderful! We would like you two to be married before you move in together, but, this move is sudden, so we understand.” Stefano said sincerely.
“I’m glad you brought that up Stefano,” my dad joined in, “that’s one of the things I wanted to discuss with you. Maybe we can all work together to help pay for the wedding?”
“Of course, that sounds great!” Stefano replied and nodded.
My mom looked at Giana, “Giana, you and I can work on helping to plan the wedding, if you would like?”
“Sure, I would like that.” Giana said.
I was becoming nervous about all the marriage talk. All the parents seemed very anxious all of a sudden to have us married very soon. Understandably, their religion was a huge factor, and both sets of parents came from very traditional backgrounds, and undeniably, neither one was completely ready to stray from those traditions.
“Well, could we wait a little bit to start planning the wedding? I don’t want to rush the arrangements. I want it to be perfect.” I said as I moved my gaze rapidly from one parent to another.
“Honey, we’re just discussing working together on it, we’re not saying it’s going to happen tomorrow,” my dad reassured me.
“Oh. Right! I knew that,” I chuckled; a bit embarrassed by my irrational paranoia.
The talk of marriage kicked off the conversations between my parents and Taylor’s parents. Dinner came, they ate, and ordered dessert, and still were talking amongst themselves. They discussed racial backgrounds, coming from foreign countries, religion, and their mutual love of California. Taylor and I shared smiling glances as our parents chatted away. By the end of the night, no one would have ever guessed that they’d all just met for the first time. Everyone seemed comfortable with one another, and I’d call the day a success.
Taylor and his parents said their goodbyes as we stepped out of the restaurant. It had been a long night, and every one decided it was time to go home. My parents thanked Stefano and Giana for taking the time to meet up. They exchanged phone numbers and mentioned that they would keep in touch after Taylor and I moved to Oregon.
“It’s a little chilly out here. Well, you all take care now,” Stefano said to my dad, my mom, and me.
“Yes, take care, bye,” Giana waved and walked off with Stefano.
Taylor ran to me quickly, gave me a hug and waved bye to my parents. He whispered, “I’ll call you later.”
I nodded and followed my parents to their car.
“I’m glad we met them. They seem to share the same morals and values as us. I feel much more comfortable with this situation now. What about you Sara?” My dad asked my mom as he drove back home on that cold, breezy night.
“Yes, I couldn’t agree more.”
Everything seemed to be falling into place. The plan to move was set in motion and we had completed all the necessary requirements to move to Ashland. All that was left was for Taylor to finish the Academy. I stared out the back window of the moving car, thinking about the move and Taylor, and how it would all work out. I had my reservations about it all, but for the most part, I couldn’t wait to embark on my newest venture to Ashland with Taylor.


Chapter Twenty Six

The opaque fog drifted heavily and low to the ground as my dad cautiously drove me to the airport.
“Slowly, honey, go slowly,” my mom admonished from the passenger seat.
“What do you think I’m doing, Sara?” My dad asked rhetorically.
“I know, sorry. It’s just so hard to see. It’s a little scary.”
“Oh, stop stressing out. It will be okay. We can go slowly anyway. We are going to be three hours early as it is.” My grandma asserted from the back seat, next to me.
“How are you feeling Harmony? Are you nervous?” My mom asked tensely.
“No Mom, I’m fine,” I answered calmly. “I’m excited. I’m going to miss you all very much though.”
“We’ll miss you too honey.” My dad responded in a strained voice, as if he were trying hard to hold back the tears.
“You are going to be okay habibi, and so are we. We will miss each other, but this is part of experiencing life. Enjoy the journey.” My grandma stated with her awe-inspiring wisdom.
“Thanks Nana.” I smiled at her and peered out the window; mentally saying goodbye to my hometown. The sun was nonexistent as the thick clouds enveloped the sky above. Rain was sure to come.
“Here we are. Are you sure you just want us to let you out on the curb? We could park and wait with you, honey,” my hopeful dad asked. He wasn’t ready to let me go just yet.
“No that’s alright. I think it’ll just make it harder to leave if you all wait with me. Besides, Taylor should be here any minute, so we’ll wait together. I love you all!”
My dad whipped out of the car and gave me a warm embrace. He squeezed my hands with his and gave a serious expression, “Sweetheart, if anything goes wrong, or it’s just not working out, then you come back, okay?”
“Thanks Dad, I’m sure it’ll be fine.”
“Please, promise me. You can always come to us for anything. Your mom and I are here for you.”
“I promise,” I lifted my hand up in the air. “I love you Dad.”
“I love you too honey,” he began to choke up and stood back as my mom said goodbye.
“Take care of yourself my sweet girl. I love you.”
“I love you too Mom. Ouch, Mom, you’re squeezing my ribs.”
“Sorry, sweetheart, I just don’t want to let you go.” She finally released her hold.
My grandma walked up to me and looked me in the eyes, “Habibi, I wish you all the best on your great journey. May you finally find what your heart needs.”
“Thanks for coming Nana. I love you!” I gave her a kiss on the cheek and waved them all adieu.
I found Taylor waiting at the gate after I had checked my bags in. His big bulky orange coat made him stand out amongst the crowd.
“Hi baby,” he waved.
“Hi! Are you ready for this?”
“Oh yes! I’m ready. Guess what? My parents went ahead and had the home furnished, as a New Years present. So it’s ready for us to live in it right away.”
“Oh my gosh, that’s so nice of them. Wow, I wonder what kind of furniture they bought.”
“Well, I told my Mom to just get some comfortable, plain furniture for now. So I’m pretty sure it’s nothing fancy.”
“Aw, well, I’ll definitely have to call them and thank them. That relieves a lot of stress. But they already did so much by paying for someone to drive our cars there, and they bought all those warm clothes for us at Christmas.”
“Yes, but your parents got us the plane tickets for the trip and they gave us five hundred dollars to help us get settled. So I think our parents are pretty even on the Christmas gift giving,” Taylor mentioned.
“I guess that’s true. I’m glad we were both able to have Christmas with each other’s families. It was like having a double Christmas, plus we had double the gifts. It would have been cool if our parents got together, but each has their own traditions.”
“I think it was kind of fun to have two different Christmases, to be able to experience our different cultures and traditions.”
“Me too! Now, we can start our own traditions!” I said excitedly.
“Yup, that’s right.”
We sat at the gate and talked for the next few hours. Our excitement and anticipation made the time pass that much faster. By the time we knew it, they were calling us to board the flight.
“Here we go!” I clapped my hands and pounced up and down.
I sat next to the window seat because Taylor was afraid to look out of the window. The flight felt short, and despite the stormy looking weather, it was smooth sailing the whole way. When we arrived, it was drizzling ever so slightly. We picked up our bags from the baggage claim, and hopped on a shuttle that would take us to our new home. My eyes would not deviate from the scenery outside. From the deep green grass, to the lush trees and shrubbery, that land of rich natural colors was captivating. The town was like something I’d seen in Christmas movies. Mom and Pop shops, old lamp posts, historic buildings, colorful tree leaves, cottage homes, were among the many things I saw on my way to my new home. Everything I’d imagined a small town to be held true here in Ashland, Oregon. I imagined the community was one where everyone knew everyone, and people watched out for one another. Coming from a large city with a population well over a million people, to a city with just over 50,000 people was a tremendous change, but one that I was absolutely ready for. I’d always dreamt about living in a small community town, with white Christmases and picturesque, colorful fall trees, and aromatic spring flowers. I was in awe.
“Babe, come on, we’re here,” Taylor tapped my shoulder.
“Oh, we are?” The rain had escalated and it was pouring down heavily. I put my long red coat on and we raced out of the shuttle and onto our front porch. The covered patio provided some shelter from the rain as I shuffled through my purse to find the key that was sent to me just a few days prior. I unlocked the door and we walked into the home. It smelled of new paint and some sort of cleaning agent.
“Wow, this is awesome, I can’t believe we’re finally here,” Taylor picked me up and swung me around. “This is awesome.”
“I know it is! Let’s take a look around.” I walked around the house and looked in every room, nook and cranny. Taylor wasn’t kidding when he said his parents had the place furnished. Granted, it was plain stuff, but the home had all the necessities we needed, from dishes, to couches, toilet paper, beds, and even a T.V. It was live-in ready. “This place looks just like the pictures. It’s perfect!”
“Let’s order some pizza, and unpack,” Taylor threw his jacket on to his bed and searched for a pizza place close by.
I began to wash the sheets for the beds, and towels to shower later on. “Sounds good to me!” I said as I began to unpack all my clothes and Taylor’s clothes.
We wasted no time settling in to our new home. By the time we were finished eating the pizza, I had already placed the clean sheets on both our beds, folded fresh towels and unpacked all of our belongings we had brought with us. The high that we felt when we arrived was rapidly declining as we sat on the couch in the living room in exhaustion.
“Taylor, I can’t believe we are already settled in. We just got here.”
“Well, it was pretty easy considering it was already furnished when we moved in.”
“That’s true!”
He turned to me and squinted his eyes mischievously.
“What are you acting so suspiciously for?” I laughed.
“No one will know if you stay in my room, you know?”
“Taylor,” I screeched. “That’s one of the rules that I cannot break. I promised.”
“Oh come on. Who’s going to find out?” He became irritated.
“Well, I’ll know, and I won’t feel good about it.”
“Whatever. Suit yourself.”
“You want to watch a movie?”
“I’m actually pretty exhausted. I think I’m gonna hit the sack.”
“Okay, I’m actually very tired myself. Goodnight.”
“Goodnight.” Taylor walked in to his room acting a little annoyed.
I took my time getting dressed for bed and looked around at my new room. I set my body butter next to my bed and massaged some lotion on my hands as I sat on the bed, fantasizing about working out in the garden and meeting the community. I couldn’t believe the time had finally come, and I was sitting in my new home in Ashland, Oregon. Things couldn’t be better. 


Chapter Twenty Seven

A month had transpired, and we established a consistent routine. Taylor had begun his new job at the Police Department. He said he liked all the guys that he worked with. He was assigned a partner by the name of Logan, another rookie in the department. He and Logan became fast friends and went out for drinks at the local pub periodically. It made me a little uneasy, considering that Logan was a newly single man and always on the prowl for young, single women. Taylor said it was just part of the job to get out and get to know your partner, but I’m not sure I believed that. Taylor enjoyed the camaraderie he shared with Logan and I believe he secretly loved the attention from girls. Taylor revealed that when he and Logan were out at the pub, girls flocked to them because they’re police officers. He assured me that I should trust him and he wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize our relationship.
My focus was on school. I started my courses at the local college and worked hard on my studies. I was impressed with how welcoming the people were in Ashland. I had already made a few acquaintances through school that I would regularly go to coffee with at the coffee house down the street. I enjoyed working on the garden, and decorating my home, and decided to hold out on finding a job. At first I talked to my parents every day, and at that point it was about every other day. It was becoming easier for them to accept that I was gone. As a result of me leaving, it forced them to plan more dates together and nurture their relationship. My grandma was fine as well, going to her weekly Mahjong games and bingo nights at the church. Everyone seemed to be getting along with his or her own lives just fine.
It was a Tuesday, and Taylor had called me from work, yet again, to tell me that he was going to the pub with Logan.  I breathed in deeply as I hung up the phone. I tried not to get upset about the situation. But at the same time, it seemed as though Taylor was spending more of his free time with Logan than he was with me. Usually, they would stay out extremely late because they would wait for the alcohol to wear off. So I spent many nights alone.
I pulled some ice cream out of the freezer and turned on The Notebook. I bundled up under a blanket and watched the movie as I nibbled on my ice cream. I was enchanted with the heart wrenching love story that the two characters shared. This kind of love only exists in movies. I couldn’t believe that love so powerful and magical really existed. Relationships are hard work. There are good days and there are bad days. Even though I’d found love with Taylor, I didn’t feel this magical connection. What a fable. Soul mates don’t really exist. They’re just people you choose to be your soul mate; it’s not an out of this world connection. Nonetheless, it was amazing to dream of such a paradigm.
I was awakened by a loud thud. The front door slammed shut, and I realized I had fallen asleep on the couch.
“Hey sugar,” Taylor said, as he slurred his words.
“Taylor? What time is it?”
“Who the heck knows!”
“Please tell me you didn’t drive home drunk.”
“Harmony, I’m a police officer. Do you think I’m that stupid,” he raised his voice.
“No, of course not.”
“Then why would you insinuate that?”
“Alright, Taylor, I’m sorry.” I looked over at the clock and it was ten minutes past 2 a.m. “It’s really late and you have to work in the morning. Why don’t you just go to bed?”
“I’ll go to bed when I dam well please,” Taylor was undeniably drunk.
“Wow, ok. Well, I’m going to bed then. But just tell me how you got home.”
“We took a taxi. I’ll just have a taxi drop me off at my car tomorrow morning. Gosh, stop worrying about it.”
“Okay, sorry. I’m going to go to bed now. Goodnight.” I pulled the blanket off of me and set my ice cream cup in the sink. I tiredly stumbled towards my room and Taylor flung his arm out in front of me.
“Where do you think you’re going?”
“I told you, I’m going to bed.” I was taken aback by his forceful behavior.
“No way, you’re coming with me to bed,” he pinned me against the wall and kissed my neck lustfully. “Let’s go.” His breathing was heavy and intense.
My body tensed up and I strained my head backwards. “Taylor, please stop.”
“Come on Harmony! We’re going to be married someday, just chill out.” His voice escalated even more.
“No, Taylor, I mean it,” I fired back.
“What’s wrong with you? What, are you just gonna make me wait forever? You’re such a bitch.” As soon as he said those words, his body went limp. He pulled back off of me.
I gasped, and tears streamed down my face. “I have to go,” I managed to get those words out as I tried to hold back from bawling my eyes out. I ran to my bedroom and slammed the door shut. I was thankful to have a lock on my door at that moment. As I fell to the floor, I unleashed a flood of tears and sobs. I didn’t sign up for this. This is not what I envisioned before I moved here.
I heard Taylor’s door shut. He didn’t say another word to me that night. I knew that he didn’t mean it. Those words were out of anger and frustration, plus he was a drunken mess. But if words could cut, then those words sliced like a knife through my heart.
I cried myself to sleep that night. The tension between Taylor and I had finally caught up with me. I realized that Taylor had slowly begun to change after we moved to Ashland. He became more controlling, confrontational, and demanding. Now that he had me under his wing and away from my family and friends, he treated me differently. Maybe it was the stress from the new job, and it would all blow over. I wasn’t sure why his behavior was changing, but I had inkling that alcohol played a role in it. Although things weren’t perfect between us regularly, they seemed much worse when he would drink. I hadn’t seen this side of him before. Sadly, if I had known, maybe I wouldn’t have been so willing to move to Ashland so soon.
The next morning, I woke up to make Taylor’s coffee and prepare his lunch for work. He came out of his bedroom sluggishly, holding his head down. “Oh my gosh, I have a hangover like no other.”
“I wonder why? You were drunk as hell.” I stood silently for a moment, hoping he would address his behavior from last night. Yet, he said nothing.
I didn’t like confrontation, especially with his demeanor lately, but I wanted to understand why his attitude was changing.
“Taylor, can we talk?”
“Right now? I’m about to go to work, and I haven’t even had my coffee yet.”
“I promise, it’ll only take a moment.” I prepared myself and took a deep breath. “Do you remember what happened last night?”
“Yes, I took a taxi, didn’t you hear me when I said that last night?” He said in a condescending manner.
“Yes, I remember that, but that’s not what I’m talking about. You called me a bitch and tried to force yourself on me.”
“Babe, you’re exaggerating the truth just a little bit. I was just trying to be affectionate.”
I decided that the conversation was a battle that I was not going to win, so I dropped that subject matter. He had his point of view and I had mine. “Do you think that our relationship dynamic has changed at all? I mean, we seem a bit more distant than before.”
“Well, if you want me to be completely honest, I’ve been a little stressed about the financials, and I really would like to be saving more money.”
“Is there anything I can do?” I was happy he was finally communicating with me.
“Well, for starters, I think you should look for a job as soon as possible.”
“Oh, ok. I suppose that’s fine. Um, I was going to just take my time and find a part time one eventually, but I guess I can start looking now.”
“No, it should be full time,” he responded demandingly.
“Full time? Oh. I thought we agreed that I was going to go to school and work part time. There’s no way I can do both.”
“Well, that’s just it. You have responsibilities now. You signed up for this, so you’re going to have to put in your share. School can wait.”
“School can’t wait! The semester’s already begun. I can’t just quit. Besides, I have a plan to transfer to SOU remember?” My legs felt limp as I began to panic.
“Well, you’re going to have to drop your classes for now. Logan agrees with me on this.”
“Logan? Who asked him? Are you two discussing me on your spare time?”
“No, but I’ve mentioned what you’re doing, and he agrees that you should share the load with me.”
I became infuriated, “My parents would be so disappointed in the way you’ve been treating me, Taylor. You’re completely disregarding my feelings and wishes.”
“Listen, Harmony, I’m sorry, but this is life. You wanted to move here and we’re planning on getting married. So this is the way it has to be.”
“Whatever.” I stormed off. “I’m going to get ready for school. You’re lunch is on the counter,” I screamed as I slammed my bedroom door.
As soon as I heard him leave the house, I called my mom. “Hello?”
“Hi honey, how are you? We miss you so much.”
“I miss you too Mom. It’s good to hear your voice,” I spoke quietly.
“What’s wrong honey, is everything alright?”
I held back tears and strained my throat to keep from crying out loudly. “Yes Mom, I’m fine. I just wanted to say hi. Please tell Dad I said hello. I’m going to head to school soon, so I’d better get ready.”
“Alright sweetheart, well take care of yourself. I love you!”
“Love you too, Mom!” I rushed to end the call as fast as I could. I cried hysterically, wanting so badly to talk to someone about what was going on. But I couldn’t bring myself to tell my mom, or anyone for that matter. I felt embarrassed. I’m the one who tried so hard to make this move happen and to have my parents accept Taylor. They put their trust in me that I was making the right choice. I did not want them to be disappointed in me. I knew that I had to try and work at my relationship with Taylor. I owed my parents that much.
I wiped the tears off of my face and stayed strong. I would talk to Taylor when he arrived home from work. For the time being, I put on a brave face and got ready to go to my college classes. I grabbed my coffee mug and off I went.
After my courses at the college, I contemplated going home and relaxing, but decided to go shopping at the strip mall down the road from my home. I wanted to shop for an item for our house, to make it feel more like our home. Maybe if we customized the home a little bit, we’d feel like it was our home, rather than some home we were just renting for a while.
As soon as I parked, I saw white specs drizzling on my car window. “Snowflakes!” I screamed. I was ecstatic. Growing up in a beach town, I never experienced living in the snow. Since moving to Ashland, that was the first sight of snow I’d seen. I waited in the car, looking out of the windows as the snow encased the trees and covered the green grass. It felt like I was in the Chronicles of Narnia and just entered the wardrobe. The calming feeling as the snow cascaded down so effortlessly, was like no other. I saw people gathering outside to witness the snowfall. Children danced around and jumped onto the snow and watched as their footsteps would appear.
I opened the car door, and a whoosh of cold air filtered into the car. I closed the door instantly and looked around the car for a spare jacket. I was thankful that I had forgotten my long, red coat in the backseat. In a tight squeeze, I managed to put the jacket on and button it up.  I grabbed my purse and readily walked out into the white, scenic wonderland. I ran into the coffee shop on the corner and order a hot, white chocolate mocha. I took a few sips to warm me up and held the coffee close as I walked back out into the cold. I didn’t care how cold it was; I wanted to experience a real snow day. I gazed up at all the store signs and one caught my eye: Ancient Love Antiques.
I walked into the store and a bell above the door rattled melodically. “Welcome to Ancient Love Antiques.” Someone said from behind the register.
“Thank you.” It was warm and cozy in the store and it smelled of old wood.
“Anything I can help you find?”
“Well, I’m looking for something for my home, but I’m not quite sure what yet. Maybe something will inspire me to purchase it.” I gave a curious smile.
“Well, this store can definitely do that,” the sales associate said flamboyantly. “I’m Colton. If you need any help, please don’t hesitate to ask.”
“Thanks Colton, I will.” I moved gingerly around the store, making sure not to bump into any items. “Wow, these lamps remind me of old Hollywood movies.”
“Some of them are as old as the 1930’s.” Colton walked over and explained. “The clocks hanging on that wall over there are even older than that.”
“This is an awesome store. You must love working here. I know I would love to look at this stuff all day.” I said, as I admired every item I saw. Something caught my eye and I turned my head swiftly to take a better look. It was an old clay bowl in the shape of a lotus flower. There were many beautifully crafted petals that encompassed the entire bowl. I touched the tips of the petals, and felt around the bowl. It captivated me and it felt oddly familiar.
“That’s a pretty one, isn’t it?” Colton interrupted my trance.
“Yes, it is. I love it, but unfortunately, I don’t think my fiancé will like it. He’ll probably say it’s too feminine,” I said, discouraged.
“Hold on girlfriend, I need to check my glasses for smudges,” he pulled forward his glasses and pushed them back, “because you look way too young to have a fiancé.”
I started laughing, “Oh you think so?”
“Um, ya.” He flicked his black hair back.
“Well, we’re not getting married for another two years, so I’ll be older then.”
“Ok, that sounds better.”
“Well, I’m glad you approve Colton,” I chuckled sarcastically.
“Ah, a feisty one. Ok, I see how it is.” He turned his head jokingly in disappointment.
“You’re funny.”
“Thank you, thank you. So, I’ve been told.”
We both laughed loudly.
“What’s your name pretty girl?”
“It’s Harmony,” I lifted my hand up to shake his.
“Nice to meet you Harmony.”
“Nice to meet you too.”
“Are you new around here, or just visiting?”
“I just moved here with my fiancé, Taylor. He got a job at the Police Department, so I decided to move along with him.”
“Do you go to school, work, or just stay home?”
“No, I go to school right now. I’m hoping to transfer to SOU soon. Although, I am kind of looking for a job now.”
“Well, we’re hiring here. My boss, who’s also my Aunt Zelda, is looking for someone to fill in for her. She doesn’t want to be in the store as much as she just wants to manage it. I can talk to her if you’re interested?”
“Really? That would be awesome! Thank you so much.”
“Sure thing. Do you want to come by again tomorrow? I’ll talk to her tonight.”
“Yes, I sure will. But for now, I’m gonna keep looking for something to buy, because I want to surprise Taylor.” As I walked around one of the tables, I came across a miniature Italian looking figurine holding an empty tray in his hand. “Oh, this would be perfect. I think he’ll like this. I’ll take it.” I walked the figurine up to the counter and paid. “Thanks again, Colton. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Okay, no problem. Take care.” He waved bye.
I raced to my car with the ground below me looking like a blanket of fluffy clouds. I carefully placed my purchased figurine in the passenger seat and drove as slowly as I possibly could until I reached home safely.
That night, Taylor did come home. After he showered and dressed in his sweats and hoodie, he came to the dinner table where I had prepared a traditional Italian meal.
“Yum, it smells delicious in here.”
“I made you Manicotti, you’re favorite dish.”
“Oh, thank you.”
“Here, let me dish it up for you.” I carefully placed a portion onto his plate, then onto mine.
He took a few bites and ate some garlic bread as well.
“So, what do you think?”
“Well, it’s not Mom’s Manicotti, but it’ll do,” he said sarcastically.
Even though he was joking, that comment still stung. “I worked hard on that.”
“Oh I’m sure, just kidding. It’s good.”
I changed the subject. “I got you something today, do you want to see?” I looked at Taylor as he was stuffing his face and barely paying any attention to me.
“Right now? Can I look at it when I’m done eating?” He asked with a mouthful.
“Oh,” I wasn’t sure why he was irritated. “Ok, sure.”
I sat quietly as we finished our meal, and then brought the gift I’d bought for our home. I placed it right in front of him.
“Go ahead, open it.”
He opened the bag and lifted up the miniature statue. “This is hilarious.”
“Do you like it?”
“Ya, it’s kind of cool. Is it for the table?”
“Sure, I suppose it can be. That’s where I’ll put it.”
“Ya, that sounds good.”
“Taylor, I want us to try and work at our relationship. I’m sorry it’s been so tense lately. Let’s get back to how things used to be.”
“Okay, you’re right. I’m sorry too. Let’s start over.” He smiled and I finally felt a sense of calm that I hadn’t felt in a while.
“Thank you,” I jumped over to him and hugged him as I sat on his lap. “Guess what?” I looked into his eyes, waiting for his answer.
“What? I give up.”
“I might have a job by tomorrow.”
“Really, where?”
“At this Antique store down the street. They’re hiring, and I go back tomorrow to find out if I have the position or not.”
“Wow, that’s great. I’m glad you’re finally taking the initiative to step up to the plate.”
“Ya,” I wanted so badly to make him happy, but at the same time, I didn’t want to give up my schooling. “Look, I really want to stay in school though.”
“Listen, we talked about this, okay? We both need to work right now to save money. Why don’t you just quit school right now, and we’ll discuss you going back next semester.”
“Really? That would be great if I can go back. If that’s the case, then why not.”
“Good,” he lifted me up and smacked my but, “now clean these dishes woman. I’m going to go relax.”
“I’ll do them later. I’m kind of tired.”
“Harmony, they’re going to stink. You know, my mom had two jobs when we were growing up, and she would come home, and cook and clean, and she would never complain.”
“Well, I’m not her,” I said defensively.
“Harmony!” He stated sternly. “This is how it works, I take care of the bills, and you take care of the house. That’s how it works.” He walked over and kissed me gently, and looked at me lustfully. “Got it?” He grinned.
I grinned back, “Well, ok.”
“Good,” he smacked my butt even harder this time, “now shake a leg.”
I cleaned up and tried to be an obedient fiancé. I didn’t like the fact that I was under his control. I felt as though I couldn’t even take a bath at times without his permission. But I wanted so badly to make the relationship work. I couldn’t deal with the embarrassment if I had to face my parents and tell them I made a mistake. They worked effortlessly and spent lots of money to make this move to Ashland work out. I just couldn’t tell them about quitting school, just yet. They would be livid.
I remained calm, and tried to just focus on my relationship with Taylor. At that moment, I recalled what my grandma said about focusing on the journey, not the destination. Maybe these hard times with Taylor are only meant to bring us closer and make our relationship even stronger.
Yet again, I tried to put my worries on the back burner and think about something more positive, like the potential job at Ancient Love Antiques. I didn’t have the energy to worry about these constant disagreements that I had with Taylor. Once I finished the dishes, I bid Taylor goodnight, but he was too busy watching the sports channel to notice. So I just walked to my bedroom and fell asleep.


Chapter Twenty Eight

I woke up to the sounds of loud thumps and clanks emanating from the kitchen. I walked out of my bedroom, still disoriented from abruptly being awakened by the noises. “Taylor?”
“Uh, you didn’t make me coffee this morning, and I don’t know where my mug is. This is ridiculous,” he yelled.
“Oh, I’m sorry, I guess I forgot to set my alarm.”
“Ya, well, now I’m running late, no thanks to you,” Taylor stormed out of the kitchen, “I’m just going to pick up a cup of coffee at Starbucks. Bye.”
Before I even had a chance to mentally process why he was so upset, he slammed the front door shut behind him. I became so enraged that he was treating me with such little respect. I shook my head in disappointment, rolled my eyes and grunted. I tried to lie back down in bed and relax, but my mind kept racing with thoughts. I jolted up out of bed and prepared a cup of coffee.
Anytime I needed to unwind, I relaxed on the back patio with a cup of warm coffee. I sat there, clearing my mind of any negative thoughts and feelings. I closed my eyes and listened to the sounds of birds chirping and water trickling from the creek behind our home.  A serene environment was just what I needed in that chaotic and unstable relationship. The scent of the pine trees calmed me as I cuddled up in a fleece blanket in the brisk cold weather.
As soon as my cup of coffee had finished, I couldn’t keep myself from shivering, so I headed inside. I got dressed in warm, winter clothing and boots and drove to Ancient Love Antiques. As I headed in the store, I could see a heavier set woman with red, spiky hair working at the register. I walked in nonchalantly and looked around for Colton.
“Hi, may I help you?” The woman said in a surprisingly high-pitched voice as she began to approach me.
“Oh,” I hesitated for a moment.
“Hi Harmony,” a voice said as he turned the corner from the back room. It was Colton.
Oh thank goodness, I thought. “Hi Colton!”
“Aunt Zelda, this is the girl I was talking about.”
“Oh, I apologize, I didn’t know you were Aunt Zelda,” I shook her hand, “pleased to meet you.”
“Ah, nice to meet you Harmony. Colton spoke very highly of you.” She looked back, smiled at him and leaned in to me, “Oh, and you can call me Zel.”
“Okay, Zel,” I said happily.
“So I hear that you would like to work here, eh?”
“Yes. I fell in love with this store as soon as I walked in.” I raved.
“Well, I have a position for you if you would like it? It’s a part time position, but I could try to give you any extra hours that come available if you’re interested in full time.”
I thought for a moment, recalling that Taylor wanted me to work full time and quit school. “No, actually, part time would work out perfectly since I’m currently attending college,” I said bravely. I wanted to make my own decision. It felt right to stay enrolled in school and work part time. I didn’t want to just give up my education. “Would you be able to work around my school hours?”
“Sure honey, that’s not gonna be a problem. I’ll just have to coordinate with Colton’s school hours as well. Since it’s a small store, you’ll be working alone, unless it’s the busy season, or a holiday. I’ll cover whatever shifts you and Colton aren’t able to. For now, it’s just the three of us, until business picks up some more. When can you start?”
“Oh wow, how about tomorrow?” I asked excitedly.
“That works for me! You’ll be training with Colton this week. Can you be here around noon tomorrow?”
“Yes, I’ll be here. Thank you so much Zel.”
“No problem. Welcome to our store. We’ll take care of all the introductory paperwork tomorrow.”
“Thanks,” I smiled, “see you tomorrow, bye Zel, bye Colton.”
They waved as I left the store. As I drove home, I imagined how I would tell Taylor the news about the job. On the one hand, he’d be happy that I was hired. But on the other hand, he’d be upset that it wasn’t a full time position. I focused on being strong and learning to speak up for myself.
I waited at home, impatiently for the time to pass until Taylor arrived home. I worked on schoolwork most of the day and studied for a quiz I had later on that week. It took me longer to complete my studies because I was focused on my conversation with Taylor. I waited, and waited, and waited some more. By the time 7 p.m. rolled around, Taylor still wasn’t home. I tried calling his cell phone, but it kept going straight to voicemail. I felt a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach. I was extremely worried that something horrible happened. I didn’t know anyone’s phone number at the department, so I couldn’t call his coworkers. I stayed up staring at the television like a zombie, for hours.
Finally, I heard someone shuffling through keys at the front door. I ran to see who was there, and pulled the door open. “Taylor?” I yelled.
Laughing and stumbling past me, “What are you yelling about?” He made his way to the couch and plopped down.
I slammed the front door shut and walked over to him, “Well, it’s nice to see you’re okay!” I said angrily. “You had me worried sick.”
“Oh calm down. Don’t be such a drama queen. I had to burn off some steam after work. Logan and I…”
“Logan. Of course Logan. Let me guess. You guys went to the pub, had too much to drink, and lost track of time, yada yada yada…”
“Whoa, you’re Psychic,” he said in a condescending matter, and laughed lazily.
“This isn’t funny, I’ve been waiting for you all day, and I was worried when you didn’t call or show up.”
“Well, I forgot. So sue me.”
Obviously, I wasn’t going to have an intelligent conversation with someone who was sloppy drunk. He couldn’t even say one word without slurring. “Goodnight Taylor. I’m going to bed. I’m really tired, so I’m not going to get up tomorrow. But I already set the timer for the coffee maker and your coffee cup is right next to it.” I stormed off into my bedroom and shut the door. I stood there weakly for a moment, and couldn’t hold the tears in any longer. I slid down to the floor and buried my head in my hands, and sobbed for what seemed like hours.
I woke up in a puddle of tears. I glanced at the clock. It was 5 a.m. I stood up and crawled into my bed. I was so emotionally drained that I fell right back to sleep again.
I awoke slowly the next morning as my hand searched for my loud alarm clock. My mind felt cloudy as I opened my heavy eyes. I had cried so much the night before that I felt drained of all my energy. I took a few minutes to wake up, and headed for the kitchen to make some coffee. I looked at the clock, prepared to pour a cup of coffee, and then I whipped my head back around to look at the clock again. “Oh no, I’m going to be late for class.” I rushed to get ready, wrapped my hair up in a bun, and raced off to college. I had made it into class, only a few minutes late. Thankfully, no one had noticed as I slid through the back door and sat in an empty seat in the back. I sat through boring, endless lectures and peer presentations.
I was happy once class had ended. I drove home, allotting myself only twenty minutes to get ready for my first day at work. I took a short, but soothing, steamy shower, got dressed, applied makeup and headed off to work.
“Harmony!” Colton waved as I walked into Ancient Love Antiques.
“Hi Colton! How’s it going?”
“Not bad. Yourself? You’re looking spiffy in your professional outfit. I love the ruffles on that red shirt. What is that silk?”
“I’m good, thank you, and yes, it’s silk,” I laughed.
“Nice. Well, anyway, Aunt Zelda wanted me to get this paperwork all filled out first, and then start training you on the register.”
“Ok, that’s cool.”
“Alright, let’s head to the back room. I’ll put a sign up to let people know we’re on lunch. Come on.” He waved for me to follow him in.
We walked into the store, past all of the antiques, into the small back room, which had a desk and three chairs. Colton sat behind the desk and I sat in front in one of the other cushioned chairs.
“Here you are Harmony, fill out these forms real quick. If you have any questions let me know.”
“Thanks.” I began to fill out tax forms. “So are you pretty close with your Aunt Zelda?”
He chuckled, “I don’t know, I guess. She’s not my biological Aunt. She was a close friend of my mom’s before my mom passed away. She took me in and let me live with her. She’s a good person.”
“Oh, Colton, I’m sorry to hear that.” I looked up at him.
“That’s okay. It was about eight years ago that my mom passed. I’ve come to terms with it.”
“How about your dad?”
“He left my mom when I was young. I don’t remember him.”
“Wow, that must have been hard for you.”
“Well, Aunt Zelda always says: count your blessings, not your misfortunes. So I try to be thankful for what I have, and the time that I had with my mom.”
“That’s a very positive way to live life. I admire that.”
“Thanks,” he smiled sincerely, “well, on a lighter note, tell me about yourself.”
“Me? I don’t wanna bore you.”
“No, I would love to know.”
I held my pen in my hand and began to tell Colton about my background. I told him about my parents and where they were from. I talked about my grandma whom I was very close to, and about Taylor. I revealed how fast Taylor and I had moved forward with our relationship, and our commitment to get married in the next year or two.
“Why don’t you seem more excited?”
“What do you mean? I am.”
“Girlfriend, I can smell the sadness on you a mile away. Spill the beans. You can talk to me.”
“I’m that obvious, huh?”
“Slightly.” He winked.
“Well, here it goes.” I revealed the troubles that have transpired ever since Taylor and I moved in together. I told him about the drinking and the constant put downs and control issues. I unleashed more information than I wanted to offer, but I couldn’t hold back. I needed a release. I longed for someone to talk to.
“Whoa, that’s some heavy stuff.”
“You think?” I said sarcastically.
“So you’re not going to quit school are you?”
“No, I don’t intend to. But I haven’t told him that I’m not going to yet.”
“Why not?”
“Honestly, I’m kind of afraid of him. I’m afraid of his anger, especially now that he’s drinking all the time.”
“Well, if you ever need anyone to talk to, I’m here for you.” Colton stood up and gave me a hug. “I’m going to have to open up shop, but you come up whenever you’re done okay?”
“Sounds good.” I began to fill out paperwork again. “Oh, and Colton?”
“Ya?” he asked as he turned around.
“Thank you for listening.”
“You got it.”
I felt a huge relief lift off of my shoulders after I had freely discharged all of that information. I felt light and airy again. I had a great feeling about working at the Antique Shop.
I flipped through all of the paperwork, and made sure every paper was filled out correctly and thoroughly. Once I finished, I grabbed the papers, and headed out to meet Colton behind the register.
“Thanks for coming again Sofia. See you later Albert.” Colton handed the customers their bag and waved goodbye.
“Hey, do you know everyone in this town?” I asked as I crept around the corner.
“I know most of the locals. That’s what happens when you grow up in a smaller town. Come on over. Did you finish the paperwork?”
“Yup, all done. So now I learn the register?”
“Yes, let me show you how this works. We have a great program which keeps track of the entire inventory in the store, so it’s fairly easy to run the shop once you learn.” He proceeded to explain what to do when there was a purchase, return, gift certificate, and all other possible scenarios. He simulated many different transactions, and allowed me to practice them on the register. “It’ll take some time to learn everything, but you have all week with me, so please, ask questions.”
“I will. Thanks Colton.”
“Oh, we have Satellite Radio. You just turn it on right here.” He handed me the remote for the radio, and turned the music on.
“So…” Just as I was about to ask a question, the bell above the door jingled.
“Welcome to Ancient Love Antiques.” Colton nudged me to go help.
I walked over to the customer nervously. I watched him as he walked around the store, examining certain items and setting them down. His wavy blond hair glittered from the track lights above. He ran his fingers through his hair and then reached in his jeans to retrieve a piece of paper. After reading the note, he placed it back in his jeans and continued searching the store.
I heard Colton clear his throat. I looked over at him, and he was tilting his head sideways and rolling his eyes toward the customer as he grinned. I understood what he wanted.
I approached the customer and walked around a table to face him. As I zipped by him, a cold chill passed through me. “Hi, may I help you find anything?”
I inhaled deeply as the smell of his tantalizing cologne captivated my senses.
“Hi, I’m…” He looked up at me and our eyes locked.
I felt a jolt of electricity pass through me as I gazed into his familiar eyes. My senses seemed heightened and my heart pulsated profoundly. I heard my name being called from afar. This time louder, and more intensely, and finally, I was snapped out of my trance.
“Harmony…” Colton muttered in a loud whisper.
I breathed in, “So sorry, but do I know you?” I gazed into his electric green eyes.
“Funny, I was going to ask you the same thing.”
“Oh,” I giggled. “I recently moved here from San Diego County.”
“No, actually, I’ve never been there before. Do you go to SOU?”
“No, I don’t. I’m hoping to transfer there soon though.”
“Oh, It’s a great school.” He gave a warm smile and chuckle. “Hmm… well, I don’t know if we know each other then. Maybe from a past life or something, huh?” He laughed.
I giggled, “Ya, sure.” I smiled. “So what can I help you find?”
“Oh yes, back to that. I’m looking for props for a play at SOU. Have you ever heard of the Oregon Shakespeare Festival?”
“No, I haven’t.”
“Well, every year, the festival is filled with numerous plays, tours, and educational events. It’s a blast, I’m surprised you haven’t heard about it yet.”
“Well, my fiancé stays pretty busy with work and I’m busy with my schooling and work.”
“A fiancé? You look really young.”
“That’s what I said,” Colton said, whipping his head side to side.
The customer and I laughed.
“Well, I believe congratulations is in order.” The customer tilted his head forward respectfully.
“Why thank you.” I said uncomfortably. Being engaged didn’t feel that exciting. Especially being engaged to Taylor these days.
“Sure.” He looked down. “You know, I thought this would be perfect for the dining table we have set up in a few of the scenes. What do you think?”
“I love that piece. It’s my favorite in the store.” He held the clay bowl in the shape of a lotus flower.
“Mine too. There’s something about it that just speaks to you. You know?”
“Yes, exactly.”
“Well, I’ll leave it then. You love it too much.”
“Oh no, please take it. I don’t think my fiancé would approve of it anyway. He’d probably think it’s too feminine looking.”
“You sure?”
“Yes, positive. Please, I think it would look perfect on stage. Which play is it for?”
“A Midsummer Nights Dream.”
“Ah, William Shakespeare. One of my favorites.”
“He was brilliant.” He paused for a moment and raised his eyebrows. He grinned, “Say, why don’t you and your fiancé come see the play? It would be great. You’ll be able to see the bowl you sold, in action.”
I laughed, “Oh, I don’t know. Taylor might be working.”
“Well, if you change your mind, here’s a flyer.” He pulled the flyer out of his pocket. “It’ll be at the infamous outdoors, Elizabeth Stage. I’m playing Theseus, Duke of Athens.”
“Wow, that’s awesome. I’ll check with Taylor. It sounds like fun.”
“Okay, sounds good. Thanks for your help. It was nice meeting you…” He paused and tilted his head in wonder.
“Harmony. And you are?”
“Echo.”
“Echo. I like that. That’s a cool name.”
“Thanks.” He began to walk to the register.
“Excuse me, Echo, what type of cologne are you wearing? I’m looking for a gift for Taylor, and I think he would like that scent.”
“Oh, I think you’re mistaken. I’m not wearing any. Thanks though.” He proceeded to the register to pay for the bowl.
I stood there, baffled for a moment. His cologne seemed so potent, how could I be mistaken?
“Bye Harmony, thanks again.”
“Thanks for coming in.” The bell above the door jingled as he left.
“Hey girlfriend,” Colton chuckled. “What was that all about?”
I stared at the front door, just as confused as Colton was. “I’m not sure.”
Colton kept looking at me, and looking at the door, to see what all the confusion was about. He smiled, placed his arm around me and nudged me. “Come on, let’s practice at the register some more.”
“Okay, coming.” Something about Echo seemed all too familiar, but I couldn’t place my finger on it. His eyes were warm and inviting, and I instantly felt comfortable around him.
“What’s with your sense of smell?”
“What do you mean?”
“I didn’t smell anything.”
“Oh. I’m not sure. He just smelled so good to me. His natural smell. I don’t know how to explain it. Like it was emanating from within.”
Colton laughed. “Maybe it was his pheromones.”
I gasped, “Do you think?”
Colton gave me a strange look and chuckled, “Okay, let’s get back to work.”
I snapped back into reality and followed Colton to the register to finish my day of training. I remained focused on learning the register and the workings of the store. Once my shift was up, I thanked Colton for his help and headed to the grocery store to purchase ingredients for tacos. I wanted to make Taylor a nice dinner and update him on all that was new in my life. But more so, I wanted to butter him up because I was nervous to tell him about only working part time and keeping my college courses. When I thought hard about it, his requests seemed ridiculous. But I was scared to defy him.
Once I’d picked up my groceries and headed home, I began to prepare the meat for the tacos. I chopped some onions, tomatoes and lettuce, and shredded some cheddar cheese. Then, I warmed up the taco shells, and opened up the new bottle of taco sauce. I set the table with my best china, place mats, napkins and glasses. I snipped a red rose from one of the rose bushes in the backyard and placed it in a vase in the middle of the table along with the Italian figurine. Around the centerpieces, I put every ingredient in its own serving bowl, and lastly, I lit a candle and placed it next on the figurine man’s tray he held up.
I called Taylor to see if he was headed home yet.
“Hello?”
“Taylor, hi. Are you on your way home?”
“Well, I was thinking about having a drink with the guys.”
“Oh, but I prepared dinner and the table is all set up already. Please, will you come home?”
He sighed and I heard him whisper something to one of his coworkers. “Alright, I’m coming home then.”
“Thank you!”
“Sure baby, I’ll see you soon.”
“Ok, bye.” I felt happy that he’d called me baby. I was worried he didn’t have strong feelings for me anymore, but maybe I was wrong. I smiled, thinking that it was all going to be all right with us.
I walked to the bathroom and put some red lipstick on and my best perfume.
After ten minutes, I heard Taylor open the front door. “I’m home.”
“Hi,” I ran to him and planted a kiss on his lips. I hugged him, “I’ve missed you.”
“Why,” he said, annoyed. “I haven’t gone anywhere.”
“I know, but we haven’t spent that much quality time together and I feel like we’re always at each other’s throats lately.”
“Well, we talked about that. There’s some stuff you’ve gotta work on Harmony.”
“That’s what I wanted to talk to you about. Come on, let’s eat and talk.” I grabbed his hand and brought him to the dining table.
“Whoa, the food looks great.”
“Thanks, I hope it tastes as good as it looks. Come eat first, then change.”
“Ok, I’m pretty hungry. Can you get me a coke?”
“Sure.” I grabbed a cup with ice and poured some coke in it.
“Oh, I need a fork.”
“Ok,” before I could sit down, I quickly grabbed a fork and returned.
“Let’s eat. Make me a taco, please.”
“Ok,” I was a little annoyed that he treated me like his servant. But I wanted to keep the peace with him. I had to walk on eggshells, so to speak. The littlest thing would set him off.
“This coke needs some vodka. Do we have any?”
“I think we do in the cupboard.”
“Oh good. Pour some in my cup, that sounds good.”
“Okay.” I hurriedly grabbed the vodka, poured it in his cup and sat down. “So, I wanted to update you on what’s going on.”
“Ok, go ahead.”
“Well, first off, how’s work?”
“Work’s good. Logan and I have just been busy patrolling the streets. Nothing exciting.”
“That’s good to hear. Well, I did get that job.”
“Really, that’s great,” he mumbled with a mouthful.
“Yes, I love it so far. Today was my first day. The thing is, that it’s only part time for now.”
He took a sip of his alcoholic beverage and set it down slowly. “Harmony, we talked about this. I need you to work full time.”
“I know, but they’re only hiring part time, and honestly, I really don’t want to quit school. Plus, my parents wanted me to keep going to school, remember?”
“That doesn’t matter now. We’ll be married in a year or two, and we need to make our own decisions about what we will or won’t do.”
“I know, but I might be able to get full time later down the road, and school is very important to me.”
“I don’t like this at all.”
“Well, please, just let me keep going to school, and work part time, and I’ll try to pick up any extra shifts that I can.”
“As long as you pick up all the shifts you can. But if they offer you full time, you’re taking it.”
“Okay, sounds good.”
He inhaled the rest of his food and drink and started to get up.
“Oh, Taylor, I was wondering if you wanted to do something fun this weekend?”
“Like what?”
“There’s a Shakespeare Festival going on, and I was thinking that we’d go see a play. A Mid-Summer Nights Dream plays this weekend. Since we’re both not working, I was thinking we’d go. One of my customers told me about it.”
“I guess so. Sure baby.”
“Really? Fantastic. It’ll be fun, I just know it.”
“Ya, it should be.” He said absentmindedly. “Hey, would you mind making me another cocktail? I don’t want to miss any part of this episode.”
I gladly made him another cocktail and handed it to him as he sat lazily on the couch. I was just ecstatic that we were finally going to do something fun together. I picked up the dishes, and thought I’d catch up on some laundry as well. I sifted through all of my dirty laundry and then entered Taylor’s room to grab his. I picked up his uniform off of the floor, and I saw something bright float to the ground. I picked it up. It was a folded up yellow note. I gasped. What is this? Who is this?
“Taylor, who’s this note from?” I walked out into the living room, “It reads: Thanks for the good time baby. Call me if you want more, and…”
“Give me that!” Taylor shot up off the couch and snatched the note from my hands. “Why are you snooping through my stuff?”
“I’m not, I was just trying to wash your clothes.”
“Well, that’s not part of my clothes, is it?”
“What are you trying to hide? Let me see.” I was able to retrieve the note from his hands. I tried to read the phone number. As I opened the note again, I was thrown against the wall and held there by my neck.
“Give me that note Harmony. Now!”
“Put me down Taylor. You’re scaring me.” I held the note behind my back, as I tried to catch my breath. “What are you hiding?”
He stiffened his shoulders and moved his face closer to mine as he screamed, “Give me that fucking note, you dumb bitch.”
My eyes widened in utter shock. I threw my hands forward and released the note. “Put me down Taylor.” I cried.
He released his hold and I ran to my room and hid behind my bed. I sobbed loudly as I held my neck in horror. “What did I do to deserve this?” I wailed.
“Harmony, are you in there?” He knocked. “Harmony? Look, I’m sorry. You just really upset me. You made me do it. Why did you make me do that?”
“What are you talking about?”
“You instigated the whole thing.” He opened the door and walked over to me. “Come on. We shouldn’t fight like this. You promise you won’t upset me like that again?” He put his arms around me.
All I could do was cry in his arms. I felt helpless and broken down emotionally. His behavior was becoming a pattern. He broke me down, and then picked me up again. The nice part of him is what kept me thinking that there was still hope. I couldn’t let my parents down. They went against everything they believed in to agree to let me live with Taylor without being married to him yet. I had assured them that I would marry him. No matter what, I had to make the relationship work. I felt obligated.
“I’m going to go to bed Taylor. It’s been a long night. But let me ask you one thing. Who wrote that note to you?”
“Harmony, don’t worry about it. You don’t trust me?”
Afraid of him reacting violently again, I dropped the conversation. “I trust you. Goodnight.” I slithered into bed, rolled over and buried my face in the sheets. He shut the door behind him, and I couldn’t help but sob some more. I had to separate myself from him a little. I would just do what he wanted and keep the peace as much as possible. My eyes felt heavy and my head ached. I fell asleep instantly. 


Chapter Twenty Nine

The weekend had finally arrived. The first week at Ancient Love Antiques was a success. I learned as much as I could and felt comfortable enough to take over the store in the weeks ahead. Taylor and I had kept our distance from one another. We talked and went about our days normally, but we didn’t go to into depth about feelings or our past arguments. College was going well, and I was passing my courses with flying colors. All in all, it was a peaceful and smooth sailing rest of the week.
I sat on the back porch, sipping my warm coffee as the rain drizzled down over the roof and onto the ground. I watched the raindrops as they pattered lightly on the pavement. I loved the smell of fresh rain. This serene environment was my getaway from reality.
I was excited to see how the day would play out. The play was in the early evening, so I was thinking Taylor and I would go to lunch somewhere and eat before the big show.
I heard the sliding door open, “Good Morning.”
I turned my head, “Hi Taylor.”
“I was just talking to my parents, they said hello.”
“Oh tell them I said hi next time you speak with them.”
“I will. Hey, have you talked to your parents lately?”
“Yes, I talked to them yesterday. They said they miss me and hope we’re doing well. They said hi too.”
“Oh cool. Well, I’m going to hop in the shower and get ready for this afternoon. Since we’re going to have some time in between, did you want to go get some lunch?”
“Sure, I’d love to. You read my mind.” I was happy to hear him suggest something for once.
“Cool. I’ll be ready soon.”
“Ok, I’ll get ready in a second too.”
He slid the door shut behind him. I took my time finishing my coffee, and then headed in to get ready.
Taylor had finished getting showered and dressed, and I was just getting started on my makeup application.
“Harmony, I’m wearing black slacks and a blue button up. You think that works?”
“Ya, I think that’s great. I don’t think you have to be too fancy for the play.”
“Oh good. What are you wearing?”
“I don’t know. I guess I can wear my long dark blue dress that I have.”
“You don’t have a blue dress.”
“Yes I do, it’s the one with the black tulle above it and it’s like a mermaid fitted dress.”
“I don’t know which one you’re talking about. I guess you’ll have to show me.”
“Ok, I’ll just wear it. I think you’ll like it.”
“I’m going to watch some T.V. Let me know when you’re ready.”
“I will.”
Once I was done applying my makeup, I slipped into my dress. I wore the heart necklace my parents had given to me. It fit perfectly with the heart shaped cut on the top portion of my dress. Once my heels were on, I walked out to meet a Taylor in the living room.
“So, what do you think?” I twirled around in a circle.
“You look good.”
Just good? I thought. “Thanks. So where are we eating?” I disregarded his lack of a compliment.
“How about the Brazilian Steakhouse near SOU?”
“Yum, that sounds great!”
“Good then. Let’s go.”
I walked behind him and coughed when I took a big, unintentional whiff of his potent cologne. “Taylor, what cologne is that?”
“Oh, I got it from a friend.”
“It’s just, you never really wear too much cologne normally.”
“Well, it’s a special night. Come on, let’s head out!”
We heeded out in the pouring rain. Taylor drove carefully. His windshield wipers couldn’t keep up with the fast pace raindrops. I followed my GPS and guided Taylor with the directions. We reached our destination, and by that time, it was already late afternoon. The rain had finally let up a little and we were able to see the restaurant before us. It was a freestanding building with an indoor/outdoor bar. The entranceway had large glass doors and two grand pillars on each side that had fire flaming upwards. I could hear the music vibrating out of the restaurant as the blue lights that lit the outer building flickered to the beat.
We walked in and heard roaring laughter coming from a large party on the right hand side. Waiters were walking up and down the aisles with trays of various meats. The salad bar on the left corner contained the appetizers and sides. It was a romantic and elegant setting, which made it the perfect choice of restaurant before the Shakespeare Play.
“Just two?” The provocatively dressed hostess whispered softly.
Taylor smirked, “Oh ya! I mean, yes, just two.” He stammered.
“Follow me,” the hostess swayed her hips side to side as she walked us to our table. “Have you two been here before?”
“No, we…”
“No, this is our first time,” Taylor so rudely interrupted.
“Well, let me tell you how it works then. It’s like a buffet, but the protein portion of the meal is brought to you. You’re welcome to the salad bar. That’s where you’ll find your salads, rice, sides, and sauces. The round disks placed in front of you are green on one side and red on the other for a reason. When you’re ready for the protein portion of your meal, simply flip the disk over to green, and the waiters will know to stop and slice you a piece of meat. Different waiters will come by constantly with different choices of meat, so when you are satisfied with what you have on your plate, turn the disk over to the red side. The red indicates that you’re not yet ready for more portions. Can I get you started on some drinks?”
“I’ll have a Pepsi, and she’ll have water,” Taylor ordered. The waitress walked away momentarily.
“Hey, what if I didn’t want water?”
“Well, what did you want then?”
“Water, but I can order for myself.”
“Harmony, please, don’t start,” he huffed.
I sighed and took a deep breath. I tried to remain calm and control my anger.
“I’m going to go to the salad bar.” I walked over to the salad bar and stood for a moment, contemplating what to place on my plate. There were so many choices, almost too many. I looked up briefly to see if Taylor was heading over to the salad bar to join me. He sat there, leaning into the hostess and smiling. She was setting the cups down, and he slipped something into her bra. I became enraged, but tried not to make a scene of it. I plopped whatever food was in front of me and trotted back over to the table.
“You back? Ok, I guess I’ll go get mine,” Taylor reached for his plate.
“Wait.” I screeched, “wait please,” I whispered the second time. “What did you put in that girl’s dress?”
“What are you talking about?” Taylor became very defensive.
“I saw you stick something in her dress and whisper in her ear!”
His eyes widened, “Now you’re just trying to start shit. That did not happen. Carla and I were just talking about what I did for a living.”
“Carla? You know her name. You met her two seconds ago.”
“Well, actually I’ve met her before briefly.”
“What are you talking about?”
“I met her at the pub that I always go to with Logan.”
“Why didn’t you tell me? Is that why you suggested this place? To see her?”
“You know what Harmony, I’m not doing this here. You have nothing to worry about. So relax, and stop being so jealous.”
I jerked my head back in disbelief and kept my mouth shut. I was appalled by his lack of understanding towards my feelings. “Whatever!” I flipped my disk over to green and ignored Taylor while I acquired some lamb and beef from waiters walking by.
Taylor kept quiet as well. He seemed irritated that I found something wrong with that situation. He definitely wasn’t discrete in his behavior, as I saw him sneak glances with the hostess.
We remained quiet for the duration of our dinner. I kept my round disk on the green side and began collecting an array of meats from the waiters. From delicately roasted lamb to barbecued beef, it was a meat lover’s paradise.
Once we were finished, Taylor grabbed our receipt and walked it up to the front counter to pay. I stood behind him, waiting for him to complete the transaction. He looked towards the door and began to walk out, as we heard, “Thanks for coming in,” in a rather sultry voice.
I walked ahead of him and out the door. I could hear him trailing behind me as he thanked her briefly.
The short drive to SOU was silent, besides NPR playing in the background. As we drove into the SOU parking lot, we saw the crowds begin to swarm towards the theater. We bought our tickets and made our way to our seats.
The stage was beautifully set in a fairytale forest, ordained with large trees, and grass, and sitting logs. Smoke rose up from the stage and lights glimmered off of the starry backdrop. The sun, which was hidden for most of the day, had eventually peeked out through the clouds, only to begin its descent. The crowd was so vast and loud, that they created a buzzing white noise. Food and drinks were being offered and the seats were filling up. Late day twilight had succumbed, and all the seats had been filled. The background music changed into a mythical melody and the crowd silenced, for the play had finally begun.
I was fully engaged and entertained with the play. I saw the lotus shaped clay bowl that I had sold to Echo on the wooden table in the corner of the stage. I had forgotten which character Echo had mentioned he was playing. I kept searching for him and looking at the actors, but with the costumes and makeup, it was hard to tell.
When the play had reached an end, Taylor and I remained in our seats until most of the crowd had left. It would have been difficult to maneuver around all those people. Once there was room to walk around, we rose up out of our seats and began walking towards the car.
“Harmony?” I heard a melodic voice shout from the stage.
I whipped my head around, only to see Echo walking towards me. I smiled widely, “Echo, I thought that was you.”
“Did you like the play?”
As he approached us and came to a stop, I once again smelled that tantalizing aroma emanating from him. He smelled divine. “It was really great.”
“I’m sure you noticed the bowl you sold to me?”
“Yes, that looked great there.” I looked to my left, and saw Taylor with his arms crossed over his chest. “Oh, Taylor, this is Echo. He’s the one that told me about the play. He was my first customer and bought that lotus shaped clay bowl right there on that wooden table.”
“Pleasure to meet you. Harmony had mentioned you, and I’m so glad you could make it.”
“Nice to meet you too,” Taylor responded in his deep voice as he shook Echo’s hand.
“Listen, if you guys are free tonight, the cast and I are going to Calypso after we freshen up.”
“What’s that?” I wondered.
Echo seemed excited, “It’s this amazing underground club that all the locals got to. It’s a blast.”
“Oh, I’m not old enough,” I said, slightly embarrassed.
“That’s not a problem. It’s an eighteen and up club. They do have a bar, but you have to show you’re I.D. to get a drink.”
“Hmm…” Taylor contemplated.
“I think we can go. We don’t have any plans, right Taylor?” I looked to Taylor for his answer.
He shrugged his shoulders. “Sure, why not. Let’s go.”
“Great you guys are gonna love it. Just give us a little bit to freshen up and you can follow our cars there.”
“Oh you could give me the address and I’ll look it up,” Taylor spoke, still with his deep voice.
“Oh it’s kind off of hard to find. You’ll see. I’ll meet you guys’ back here soon. Let me gather the rest of the crew.” Echo raced off and hopped onto the stage and ran behind it.
“It’s hard to find? I’m not an idiot. Maybe we should just go home.” Taylor said, still with his hands crossed. He seemed uptight.
“No, let’s go. Come on, it’ll be fun. It’s a chance for us to get to know some people here and let loose. Look, let’s forget the argument earlier. I’m sorry. I do trust you and I will try not to question you anymore.” I pleaded.
“Fine. You really need to start making some changes if you want this relationship to work.”
I wanted to respond back, but I couldn’t. Did I think that I was the only one who needed to change? Absolutely not. But I had to pick my battles with him. The slightest inkling of defiance on my end could set him off. I stood quietly, just hoping that Echo would return soon.
I heard a crowd nearby. The noise escalated, and finally, I saw the whole crew, or at least most of the crew walking towards us.
“Oh, there they are!” I mentioned excitedly. I scanned all the crewmembers one by one, and when my eyes shifted to Echo, I was drawn in. There was something about him. I couldn’t shake the feeling that I knew him. I watched as he walked so poised with his arms floating back and forth and a smile on his face that was genuine. His eyes sparkled under the moonlight, and as the wind blew past him, I could see a glimpse of his chiseled body beneath his shirt.
“Hey, everyone, I’d like you to meet Taylor and Harmony.” Echo stood in front of the crew and introduced us.
I lifted my hand and waved. Taylor gave a head nod.
The crew simultaneously said hello.
“Follow us guys.” Echo ushered us to follow him and walked with the rest of the crew to the parking lot. Echo opened the door to his shiny, black Audi. “See you there.” He revved his engine and led Taylor and I, and the crew out of the parking lot and to the edge of town.
It was dark and windy out that night. I watched as tree leaves swayed back and forth in the wind. It was almost an eerie setting with the streets so dark and quiet. We had reached the very end of town. There was a building that looked like an old bank. The building was lit fairly well, with lights shining brightly on every corner.  I followed everyone’s lead and jumped out of the car. Taylor was silent as he turned off the ignition and walked out into the cold night.
“Come on guys, we’re heading to the back.” Echo ushered us to follow him, and that we did. We followed close behind the crew and walked to a door located at the back of the old building.
“Hi Echo, how’s it going?” The door man said.
“Hey Levi, it’s going great. I brought some friends along with me.”
“The more, the merrier. Come on in.” The doorman lifted his extremely muscular arms and opened the door.
Music pounded from inside and lights flashed through the entrance. One by one, each person walked in and down the stairs. Once we reached the bottom of the stairs, we walked through an ice blue lit hallway. As I crept around the end of the hallway, my eyes had widened in amazement. Two large tanks of water on each side were full of delicately moving jellyfish. Lights above the tanks changed colors every ten seconds. The jellyfish moved effortlessly around the tanks, changing colors as the lights changed. Through the clear water and behind the tanks were dancers dressed as mermaids. Their bodies moved in time to the beat of the music. I was mystified by the esoteric, yet beautiful presentation. I grabbed Taylor’s hand and led him inside. I wanted to see more.
Each wall had tanks with different species of jellyfish. Mermaids danced sensually behind every tank. People danced freely all around us. I gazed around, trying to look for the crew. I saw Echo and some of the crewmembers at the bar near the back.
“Taylor, do you want anything at the bar?”
“Oh ya! Let’s go.”
We walked hand in hand through the maze of dancers, until we finally reached the bar. We waited in line for our turn.
Echo walked over to us with his water bottle. “So what do you guys think of this place?”
“It’s awesome! Thanks for bringing us here!” I said loudly, trying to hear myself over the thumping music.
“Where’s your drink?” Taylor asked.
“Oh, I don’t drink.” Echo responded happily. His smile was warm.
“What? That’s weird.” Taylor said.
“No, it’s not.” I said defensively, I don’t really drink either.
“Ya, that’s because you’re not old enough, and even if you were, you would act like an idiot if you drank!” Taylor said hastily.
I felt my face flush in embarrassment. I couldn’t speak or respond. I just stood there, silently, with my mouth clenched in frustration.
“I’m sure Harmony doesn’t ever act like an idiot!” Echo stated in my defense.
My lips twitched upwards in a smile. “Thank you Echo.”
“Okay you two, well have fun, and let me know if you need anything.” Echo walked off into the crowd.
“Why would you say something like that Taylor?”
“What, that you would act like an idiot if you drank? ‘Cause you would.”
“How do you figure?”
“You would probably get overly excited and act silly and ridiculous, even more than you normally do.”
“And that’s a bad thing?”
“Whatever,” he waved his hand in front of my face as if he were shooing me away.
“What can I get for you two?” The bartender asked.
“Water for me please.” I said quickly.
“I’ll take a screwdriver.” Taylor demanded.
“I’ll need to see some I.D. please!” The bartender checked Taylor’s I.D. and made his drink quickly and picked up a water bottle for me. “That’ll be nine dollars please.”
Taylor pulled out a ten-dollar bill. “Keep the change.”
Taylor led me to one of the round tables that was empty. We sat down and sipped on our drinks as we people watched. I gazed at all the happy people just dancing as if they had no care in the world. Disco lights flashed over the crowd and spotlights flashed on and off as the people moved around the room.
“I’m going back for another.” Taylor screamed loudly.
“But you just got a drink.” I looked over at his empty cup.
“I’ll be back.” He picked up his cup and walked away.
I tried to relax and move to the music. I thought about getting up to dance, but I figured I should wait for Taylor.
Suddenly, I felt a vibration on my arms. I looked down and saw that Taylor had left his cell phone on the table. It was ringing with a call from Carla. “Carla? Isn’t that the girl from the Brazilian steakhouse?” I asked myself. “What in the world is she calling for?”
I saw Taylor walking back and flung his phone to the other side of the table.
“Ah, this is good.” He said as he gulped his drink and sat down.
“I think you got a call Taylor.”
“Huh?” He screamed in confusion.
I moved in closer. “Your phone rang!”
“Oh, thanks.” He checked it and didn’t say anything.
“Who was it Taylor?”
“Oh, it was Logan. He probably wanted to see if I was free tonight.”
Logan? It’s not Logan! I saw the name! Why is he lying? I figured that I wouldn’t let on that I knew who really called. I wanted to get down to the bottom of all his lies.
“Want to dance?” I asked.
“No, not really.”
“Oh please. Come on.” I pleaded.
“Fine, let me down this drink really quick.” He chugged his alcohol and stood up. “Let’s do it.”
He grabbed my hand and I followed him out to the dance floor. We danced and moved as we sang to the music. I was excited to finally let loose a little bit. I closed my eyes and swayed side to side and back and forth.
We danced for about ten minutes, and Taylor paused. “I’m going to get another drink.”
“Really?” I whined, but I could tell he wasn’t in the mood for compromise. “Okay I guess. I’m going to stay here.”
“All right, I’ll meet you back here.” I watched him as he left the crowd. I didn’t think he needed another drink, but apparently he thought he did.
I danced alone with my arms in the air. I bounced my head around and sang the lyrics to almost every song. After a while, I noticed that Taylor was still not back. I stood on my tiptoes and looked over at the bar, but I couldn’t see him. I gazed around the room and still couldn’t find him. I scanned the room one more time, and noticed his shirt. His back was facing me in the corner of the room. I saw the phone to his ear. I wondered whom he was talking to and why the call couldn’t wait. I decided to meet him over there.
I walked out of the crowd of dancers and tapped him on his shoulder. He jumped and looked back, surprised. I looked at him, confused at his behavior. “Who are you talking to?”
“I’ll call you back,” he said into the phone and hung up. “No one, why Harmony?”
“Who was it?” I was irritated.
“Hey, I’m tired of you not trusting me. So don’t worry about it.”
“Well, if it’s not a big deal, then why are you being so defensive?”
“Harmony, don’t start you fucking bitch. Do you want me to leave you here stranded?”
I looked around hoping nobody heard him, “Taylor calm down, you’re embarrassing me.” His breath reeked of alcohol and he was definitely drunk at that point.
“You need to stop asking so many questions. I’m going to get another drink now.” He stumbled away, not realizing that he didn’t put his phone in his pocket properly, and it had hit the floor. I hurriedly picked it up and held it in my hands. Then, it suddenly buzzed again. Only this time, he had a text… from Carla.  It read: Tomorrow then baby. I’ll wear your favorite lingerie.
I fumed with anger. It was confirmed at last. He was cheating on me. I needed no other proof. His lies, deceit, coming home late, acting differently towards me; it all made sense.
The energy in the room shifted from happy to glum. The movement of the dancers seemed to spin my head in circles. I felt dizzy and unstable. My heart ached in pain as I realized that I had been used and mistreated the whole time I’d lived in Oregon. I wouldn’t take it any longer. This was the push I needed to sever ties with Taylor. My parents would have to understand.
I waited patiently while he grabbed another drink at the bar. I practiced what I would say to him when he walked back over. But I couldn’t think clearly as my heart raced in frightening anticipation.
“Where’s my phone?” he asked as he stumbled back.
“You dropped it.” I handed it over to him, with the text from Carla open for him to see.
“Did you snoop through my phone?” He screamed loudly.
My arms were crossed over my chest and I yelled back, “I hardly had to. You aren’t very careful to hide your tracks.” My lips quivered slightly as my pain from within began to surface.
“What the hell are you talking about?”
“You’re cheating on me with Carla. It all makes s… sense,” I stuttered. “How could you?” My voice cracked. I tried to hold back the tears.
He jerked his head back and stood dumfounded for a moment. “You don’t know what you’re talking about. I haven’t done anything wrong.” His eyes were red and his gaze faltered.
“I can’t do this anymore Taylor. If you can’t even give me the respect of looking me in the eyes and telling me the truth, than there is no need for us to go on living together. I’m leaving!” I started to walk away from him.
All of a sudden, my head jerked back and I felt intense pain. “You get the fuck back here bitch. Nobody treats me that way.”
“Taylor,” I cried, “please stop, you’re hurting me.” He pulled my hair tightly and kept me next to him. He dragged me along with him while keeping his grip tightly on my hair. I tried to wiggle out of his grip, but he only gripped tighter. This time he pushed me in front of him as he walked behind me, grasping one of my arms behind me. “Taylor… please… please… stop,” I muttered as I sobbed.
“Hey, stop!” I heard a voice plead from afar. I couldn’t tell where the sound came from with the music so loud.
I stopped for one second. “Keep walking. I’ll show you who’s boss around here.” He pushed me towards the door.
“Taylor you’re scaring me. Please… I don’t wanna go.”
“Stop!” Now the voice was louder. “What do you think you’re doing? Get your hands off of her!”
“Hey, this is none of your business.” Taylor fired back.
I turned my head as far as I could. In the corner of my eye, I could see that Echo was by my side. “Let her go.”
“Get the fuck out of my way.” Taylor said angrily.
“Hey man, I don’t want any trouble. But you need to let the girl go.”
“I don’t need to listen to you, preppy boy!” Taylor screeched.
“I’m not letting her go anywhere with you. Now let her go.” Echo yelled.
A security guard walked over. “What’s going on here? Sir, remove your hands from this woman at once. Now, or I will call the police!”
Taylor softened his grip, and as he let go, he pushed me down to the ground. “Fuck you all!” Taylor stormed off.
The security guard tried to stop him, “Hey, get back here!”
“Harmony! Are you okay?” Echo kneeled down next to me.
“Thank you Echo,” I mumbled as I attempted to regain my composure. I sniffled, “that was really scary.” I gazed up at his handsome face gazing down at me with his gentle eyes.
“Of course. Come on, I’ll help you up.” He said softly as he offered his hands and lifted me up. I felt a strange tingling sensation as he held my hands.
I let go, embarrassed about what had just gone down. “I’m sorry you had to see that Echo.” I patted my knees with my hands, ridding of any debris.
“Please don’t apologize. It’s not your fault.”
Tears began to flow down my face again. I couldn’t hold my emotions inside for too long. “Um…” I stuttered. “I don’t know what to do. It’s so late. I’m not sure if I want to go home.”
“Don’t worry Harmony, it’ll be okay.” He wrapped his arms around me and comforted me. I felt safe and comfortable in his arms.
“Thanks Echo.” I pulled back as my phone began to ring. “Hello?”
“What the hell are you doing? Get over here so we can go home.” Taylor’s voice stumbled on the other end.
“Taylor,” I whispered, “I’m not sure I should go home with you tonight. You are very upset and need to sleep it off. I think you should call a taxi.”
“Where do you think you’re gonna stay?” He slurred his words.
“I guess I’ll get a hotel,” I said nervously, afraid of his temper.
“Harmony, you better get the fuck out here right now or I’ll really do something you’ll never forget.”
“No,” My voice cracked.
Taylor’s voice softened, “Harmony, please, at least come help me call a taxi and come get your car keys.”
I relaxed a little as soon as his demeanor changed, “Okay, i’m going to come out and get the keys from you right now and help you call a taxi.”
“Good.”
“I’ll be right there.” I hung up the phone. I couldn’t take his ramblings any longer.
“Is everything okay?” Echo asked sincerely.
“Yes, thanks. I’m just going to grab the keys from him and help him call a taxi. I’d feel better staying in a hotel tonight.”
“Would you like me to walk you out?”
“Oh no, that’s alright. I’ve dealt with his anger for a long time. It’s nothing I can’t handle.”
“I really don’t mind. I insist. Please, he did not seem stable.”
“That’s okay. Plus, seeing another man come with me might piss him off even more.”
“As you wish. Please, let me know if you need anything at all. I’m here for you.”
I planted a kiss on his cheek. “You’re so sweet. Thank you.” I smiled and walked out of Calypso.
Levi opened the door for me. “Leaving so soon?”
“Yes, thank you Levi.” I walked out into the brisk, star lit night. I could see my breath when I exhaled. I wrapped my arms around myself and proceeded to walk towards my car. The headlights were on and I heard the sound of the horn over and over again. I felt my heart in my throat and I shivered with fear. I realized that I shouldn’t have come out of Calypso at all until Taylor was gone, but it was too late now.
I walked up and saw that Taylor was in the driver’s seat. I knocked on the window. “Taylor?”
“Get in,” he yelled.
“No Taylor, you’re too drunk to be driving. I thought I was calling you a taxi?”
He slammed the door open. “No! Get in the fucking car Harmony!”
“But you said…”
“NOW!” He screeched.
“No Taylor, I won’t!” I crossed my arms over my chest and took a few steps back.
“Do it! Now! You’re embarrassing yourself!”
“Oh ya, surely that makes sense!” I said sarcastically. “Look, I think we both need our space. I don’t feel like you’re in the right state of mind right now.”
His demeanor changed to a more sensitive one again. “Listen, Harmony, I’m sorry. You drive us home then. I’ll make it up to you.”
I’d been through this road with him before. He acts like he’s not mad anymore to try and manipulate the situation. But this time, I wasn’t buying it. “No Taylor. There is no making it up. You’ve gone too far. I’m sorry, I’ll call you a taxi, but after your little presentation in Calypso, I don’t feel very safe around you!”
Now his voice became angry, “I’ve never hurt you in any way.”
I looked at him in disbelief. “That’s your perception Taylor. We shouldn’t be discussing this while you’re drunk. I’m calling a taxi.”
I pick up my phone and began to dial. Taylor slapped the phone out of my hands and grabbed me by the neck. “Who do you think you’re dealing with here Harmony? Some push over.” He growled in a low, deep, menacing tone. He moved his face closer to mine. His breath reeked of alcohol. He spoke in a stern, unforgiving voice. “Now you’re going to be a good girl and get in the car and drive home. Then you’re going to stay there, and we’re going to go on living normally. Get it?” He gripped my neck even tighter.
I was petrified. Not knowing what to do, I nodded.
“Good, now drive,” he threw the keys in my face and walked to the passenger side.
I didn’t take time to think. I just started running back to Calypso. Instantly, I felt a thud on my back and suddenly fell to the ground. My body began to shake and I squealed in pain. Taylor spun me around to face him, and held his fist up in the air. I screamed as loud as I could, “HELP!”
Just then I heard, “Get off of her Taylor! Now!” I closed my eyes in horror and listened to the whistling of the wind. I heard the thumping of someone’s shoes running at an extremely fast pace. Instantly, I felt all the weight above me disappear. I gasped. I could hear a struggle.
I screamed, “Taylor, stop!” I looked to my left, and all I could see was a struggle between Taylor and Echo. Their arms were flying all over the place as they both cursed at one another.
“Don’t tell me how to treat my woman you piece of shit.” Taylor said as he tried for a punch.
“She’s not your property! You can’t treat her that way!” Echo fired back.
“Please, stop! Both of you!” I pleaded.
“Shut up, Bitch!” Taylor threw his phone at my face. I flung my head around but it managed to slam into my ear. I yelped in pain.
“Harmony!” Echo flung his head around to see if I was okay. As he turned his head, I could see Taylor lifting his arm to hit him.
“No! Echo look out!” Echo wasn’t paying any attention to Taylor. He focused his eyes on me. Taylor made a fist, and with all the force he could project, he swung his fist into Echo’s face.
Echo’s face whipped around and his body fell limp. He fell swiftly to the ground.
“Echo! Taylor, what have you done?” I screamed.
Taylor stood there, stoic. He didn’t move. He just stared at Echo lying on the ground beneath him. I kneeled next to Echo and held his head. “Echo? Echo can you hear me?” I checked his neck and wrist, hoping that I would feel life. I sighed in relief. There was a pulse.
I heard sirens in the background. Oh thank goodness, someone must have called 911. I looked over at the building and saw Levi standing there. He had his phone to his ear and gave me a thumb up. I smiled weakly. “Don’t worry Echo, help is on the way.”
The Ambulance arrived and the paramedics scattered around Echo. They lifted him onto the gurney and proceeded to take him into their truck.
“M’am, what’s this young man’s name?” One of the paramedics asked as she was taking down notes.
“Uh… Echo. It’s Echo.” I said nervously as I wept.
“And his last name?”
“Oh, I’m sorry, I don’t know that. But I’m pretty sure I saw him carrying a wallet. It’s probably in his back pocket.”
“Thank you. We’re going to take him to the hospital and keep him there over night. You can come see him anytime.”
“Thank you so much,” I said gratefully and looked down at the dark cement in disbelief.
“Take care,” she ran into the ambulance and closed the back doors. The driver turned the sirens on, and the ambulance rushed off to the hospital.
“What happened over here? A young man was severely hurt, and someone is responsible.” A police officer said from behind me.
I stood there quietly. Even though I was very upset with Taylor, I didn’t want to be the one to turn him in. Taylor didn’t say a word. He had his arms crossed and his eyes were trying to focus on the officer.
“It was him?” A voice said.
“And you are?” The officer asked.
“The name’s Levi. I’m one of the security guards here. I saw the whole thing. I’m the one who called.”
The officer looked over at Taylor and examined him. He was quiet for a moment. “Taylor?”
“Ya. Hey Mike.”
“You mind telling us what happened here.” The officer asked Taylor. I gathered that they knew each other from the department.
“I’d rather not. Come on Mike, go home.”
“Taylor you know I can’t do that. Just tell me what happened.” The officer stated.
“He attacked his girlfriend and was going to punch her when Echo got between them and stopped it. Then he quarreled with Echo, threw his phone at his girlfriend, and knocked Echo out.” Levi told the officer.
“Listen you prick,” Taylor stumbled towards Levi angrily.
“Hey back up! Back up, now!” The officer pulled out his gun.
“No, you listen to me. It was self-defense. You hear me?” Taylor pointed his finger at Levi and then gazed back at Mike. “Come on Mike, give me a break. We’re on the same team.” He jumped in front of Levi and pushed him.
“On your knees now! Now I said!”
Taylor stared at Mike with his lips perched together, “You’re really going to do this to me Mike? Really?”
“My hands are tied here Taylor. Now!” Mike cuffed Taylor and walked him over to the car. Once Taylor was in the backseat of the police car, Mike walked back over to me. “Sorry to have to do that M’am. Do you want to press charges?”
I thought for a moment, and sighed. “No, it’s not worth it. What’s going to happen to him?”
“Well, he’ll spend the night in jail, but that’ll be the extent of it, unless you or Echo press charges. Do you understand?”
“Yes, I understand. Thank you officer.”
“Alright then, take care, and drive home safe.”
As they drove off, I crept down onto the ground and wept in pain. Taylor and I were no more, and yet, I felt a great relief knowing that I didn’t have to go on living another day depressed and scared. I buried my face in my hands and cried.
Levi placed his hand on my shoulder. “Are you okay?”
“Yes. I am.” I sniffled, “Thanks so much for all your help. I can’t believe I wasted any of my time with that man. Never again!”
“I’m glad to hear that.” Levi smiled. “Echo’s a great guy. You must really mean a lot to him.”
“That was nice of him to come to my rescue,” I rose up off of the ground and wiped the tears off of my face, “but I wonder how he heard me.”
“He came out and told me what happened in Calypso. He wanted to make sure you were going to be okay out here on your own, so he stayed hidden just in case.”
“That’s so nice of him.” I felt a warmth rush through my veins.
“Are you going to be okay to drive home?”
“Yes, I am. Thanks again Levi! I appreciate your help.” I began to walk off.
“Hey Harmony?”
“Ya Levi?” I flung my head around to face him. I felt the heaviness in my eyes as the cold wind touched my face.
“My cousin went through something very similar from the looks of it. I hope you break the cycle.” He said sincerely.
“The cycle?” I tilted my head in confusion.
“The cycle of abuse.”
I stood there for a moment with my head down in shame. Levi just met me and could tell the dynamics of the relationship. Tears streamed out of my dry eyes. Suddenly I felt a gush of wind blow past me and I began to feel empowered. I will break the cycle! I will be strong!
I walked over to Levi and hugged him. “Thank you.” I planted a kiss on his cheek and walked off to my car. I waved goodbye and drove off.
The streets were empty and quiet. I waited at a stop light, holding my phone in my hands. I debated calling my parents. I wanted to tell them. I wanted help. I dialed the number. I squeezed my phone nervously, and finally, pressed the call button.
“Hello?”
“Mom?” I burst into tears. All of the emotions I had kept locked away for so long were just now surfacing. I needed my mom’s comfort.
“Honey what’s wrong?” My mom sounded worried.
“Mom, I have so much to tell you. Where do I start?” Between the sobs and wails, I thoroughly explained all that had happened since my move to Ashland. I told her about Taylor’s drinking, the cheating with Carla, Taylor not coming home until late at night, and the abuse. In the time it took me to drive home, I was able to update her on every detail of my life with Taylor.
She cried on the other end. She was grateful that I was honest with her, but wished that I had told them sooner. She said that her and my dad would have never been disappointed in me for leaving. Instead, they were proud to see me blossom into an independent, strong woman.
After I arrived home, my mother and I talked for another hour. I sat on my bed and unleashed my emotions like water gushing down a stream. I felt relief and happiness.
My mother decided to take the next flight out and help me pack. I decided to get some sleep. 


Chapter Thirty

I woke up to soft knocking on the front door. I perched up out of bed and walked to the door with my eyes barely open. “Mom?”
“Hi sweetheart.”
“I’m so happy to see you.” I jumped into her arms and held her for a minute. “Thank you for coming,” I stammered quietly. “I’ve missed you so much.” My bottom lip quivered and a few tears escaped from my droopy eyes.
“Of course honey,” she breathed and held me at arms length, “of course. Are you alright?” She kissed my cheek and walked in the house.
Cold wind blew through the door as she walked in. I wrapped my robe tightly around me and closed the door. “Yes, I think so.” I uttered.
“I know this must be difficult for you honey. I’m so sorry.”
I sat down at the dining table and languidly leaned my body forward as I rested my head in my hands. “Well, the truth is, I feel…relieved in a sense. I’m happy to be moving on from Taylor. After all, these months here in Ashland have not been very pleasant, and I do think I deserve to be treated better than the way he treated me. But somehow I still feel an emptiness now that our relationship is over.”
My mom took a seat next to me and placed her hand over mine. “That makes perfect sense.”
“It does?” I squealed.
“Yes, of course. Change can be very difficult. You’ve become accustomed to having Taylor in your life, and even though you didn’t have the best relationship, it’s still difficult to instantly take him out of your everyday life. Change shakes up the feeling of normalcy.”
I nodded, “I suppose that does make sense. I just want to feel normal again.”
“And you will. It may take some time, but the best thing you can do is lean on your family and friends for support.”
“Thanks for being here Mom,” I smiled at her and sighed.
“Always dear. That’s what Mom’s are for.” She smiled warmly at me.
I yawned and stood up. “Okay, enough sulking for me.” I placed my hands on my face and let out a small chuckle.
“Sulk all you want honey.”
“What time is it?”
“It’s 6 a.m.” My mom said as she looked at her watch. “Should we start?” My mom asked as she lifted out of her seat and removed her coat.
“How about we start with a cup of coffee?”
“That sounds good to me,” my mom laughed.
We sat at the dining table and sipped our strong coffee. We talked about positive things: mainly Ashland and its beauty, my job, and the great friends I had made.
“Mom, I want to come back home for about a week to clear my head. But I have to come back to finish out the school year, otherwise I will lose my credits.”
“I thought you would say that. While I was waiting at the airport, I searched the web for one-bedroom apartments. I found a nice building right near SOU that has quite a few units available. Some of them are furnished, so we should take those into consideration too. How does that sound?”
“That’s great Mom! I would love that!”
“Great, well, why don’t we work on packing your stuff first, and then head over to the apartment building a bit later.”
“Okay. I’m only taking my clothes and personal belongings. Since Taylor’s parents furnished the place, I don’t feel right taking any of that stuff.”
“That’s okay dear. You won’t need all that stuff anyway.” She placed her hands on her hips and gazed around the house. “Well, it shouldn’t take too long then. Let’s get to it.”
We spent about four hours packing all of my belongings and fitting them into my car.
I took some time to call Colton and update him on what happened as well. I needed the week off, and he did not hesitate to accommodate that. He said that he would cover all of my shifts until I got back. I thanked him and told him that I would fill him in on more details later.
After my mom and I had packed up the car, she took time to go around the house, and make sure I hadn’t forgotten anything.
Suddenly, I heard three loud knocks on the door. My stomach turned nervously and my palms began to sweat. I wasn’t sure who was at the door, but I had a feeling it was Taylor. I opened it, only to find Taylor standing there with his hands in his pockets. “Hey Harmony.”
“Hey Taylor.” I said impassively. I gussied up all of my courage to be strong. A part of me wanted to fall apart and run into his arms and tell him that everything was okay. But I knew if I did that, things would continue to be the same between us as they had been. I realized that our relationship was too broken to be salvaged.
“Your car’s all packed up, I see. I figured that would be the case.” He said with an unlikely smirk. Taylor wasn’t the type to show emotion. He had too much pride.
“Yes it is.” I looked at the ground and sighed. My lips began to tremble and I quickly shook my head and fought the urge to cry. “You know that our relationship is not working out. We haven’t been happy for a long time. I don’t want to do this anymore. I’m moving on, and you should do the same.” I looked into his eyes and saw a hint of sadness, but it was gone in an instant.
“Okay.” He nodded and pursed his lips. His body language changed and his tone became a defensive one, “Whatever. I can’t make you stay,” he whisked his hand through his hair and sighed. “Listen Harmony, for what it’s worth, I am sorry that I hurt you.” He said nonchalantly, and shrugged his shoulders upwards.
I nodded and rubbed my palms together nervously, trying to avoid eye contact as much as possible. I didn’t want to be sucked back into his world and relive the past. I guess an apathetic apology is better than no apology.
“Well…” I chewed on my cheeks and spoke softly, “there’s a lot that happened that shouldn’t have. I didn’t like the way I was treated. I didn’t deserve any of it. But I’m moving on, so it’s all in the past now.” I stated. “I’m sorry it had to end this way.” I slipped off the engagement ring and placed it in his hand.
He breathed loudly, “I know I should’ve done some things differently. I guess I wasn’t ready to settle down yet.” He stared at me for a minute. “So you’re sure about this?”
I turned my gaze back to the floor and stood there silently.
“Harmony,” he placed his finger under my chin, “Harmony, look at me.” He whispered and moved closer, “are you sure?”
His touch was my undoing, and I fell apart for a moment. He moved even closer to me and I quickly took a step back, “No, please, don’t. I can’t do this anymore Taylor. I can’t… I can’t have you make me feel like shit and pull me in again. Each time you do that, I feel like a part of my soul is being crushed.” I wiped the tears off of my face and sniffled.
“So this is want you want?” His mouth tightened into a flat line.
I touched my bruise and scrape that Taylor had created next to my ear the night before. I didn’t have to think about the answer for too long. I looked him dead in the eyes, “Yes Taylor, I am.”
“Taylor, you forgot your wallet?” A voice screeched from outside as the sound of squeaky breaks came to a halt.
“Okay, be right there,” Taylor yelled back.
“Let me guess, Carla?” I asked as I shook my head and rolled my eyes.
He blushed and placed his hand on his forehead, “Ya, it is. I needed a ride, so…”
I placed my hand in the air. “Listen Taylor, you don’t need to explain anything to me.”
“Okay.” He nodded and licked his lips, “Well, when do you think you’ll be done?”
“Mom and I should be out of here in about an hour.”
“Your Mom is here?” He screeched nervously. “I just need my keys and I’ll be on my way. Can you get them for me?”
I walked to the kitchen and grabbed his keys off the counter. “Here you go.” I handed them to him.
“Thanks Harmony.” He paused and took a step forward. He hesitated and took the same step back. He looked into my eyes, “Take care of yourself.”
“You too Taylor,” I said with my arms crossed. I shut the door as soon as he turned around.
“I’m proud of you honey.” My mom asked as she walked around the corner.
I felt completely drained from all the emotions that were surfacing. I placed my head in my hands and bawled my eyes out.
“Oh honey, come here.” My mom embraced me and held me in her arms tightly. “I know that wasn’t easy. You’ve been through a lot lately.”
She released her hold as I pulled out of her embrace. I inhaled deeply and exhaled loudly. I shook my arms out and cleared my throat. “I’m okay… I just need time to process everything that’s happened, that’s all.”
“Ya…” My mom breathed. “I know.”
I placed my hand on her shoulder, “Mom, I think I’m ready. How about you?”
“Yes, dear, I’m ready.”
I smiled and took a deep breath. I was about to exit a chapter of my life, and begin a new one. I felt sad to leave the home, but relieved to leave an unhealthy situation. My mom walked outside and to the car. I stepped out and took one last look inside. “Good bye house. I will miss you.” I blew the house a kiss and shut the door, releasing all of the negative memories along with that home.
As I walked out into the world as a free woman, I felt empowered. The sun broke through the clouds and the birds hummed so harmoniously. I felt warmth and serenity with every step that I took towards my car. It felt right. Everything felt as though it happened the way it was supposed to. I gained a new sense of confidence and self worth. Never again, will I allow anyone to treat me so poorly ever again. And as I took that final step out of that white picket fence, I knew that I was leaving as a new woman. I closed that fence for the last time, lifted my arms in the air, and inhaled the refreshing, crisp Oregon air. “I can breathe.”


Chapter Thirty One

My mom and I drove directly to the apartments near SOU. They were different from what I had expected. I suppose that I imagined a small, big city like tall building. To my surprise, they looked more like town homes. Most of the apartments were one-story buildings, and the ones that were two stories high had garages below them. These apartment homes were nestled in their own quiet, gated community that was adorned with cobblestone streets, and exotic flowers and trees that surrounded the entire property. There was stone décor on the apartments that gave a cabin type feel.
The leasing office was in the center of all the apartment homes. As we walked into the main building, we were struck with the comforting smell of lavender. Large windows gave the office natural light and warmth. My mom and I sat on rocking chairs and waited for the leasing agent who was on the phone in her office.
“Hello there! How are you two doing today?” The slender woman in the business suit asked.
“Hi, we’re great! I’m Harmony,” I said as I stood up to greet her.
“Hi, I’m Sara,” my mom stood up and shook the woman’s hand.
“It is so nice to meet you both. I’m Delilah, the leasing manager here at The Lodge at Ashland Oaks. Please, follow me.”  We walked behind her to her comfortable, inviting office and sat down.
“I am looking for a one bedroom, one bath apartment. Preferably, one that is furnished.”
“We do have four, one bedroom units available, but only one of those is furnished. May I ask what type of lease terms you are looking for?”
“Yes, what is the shortest lease you can offer me?”
“Well, the shortest we can do is a three month lease.”
“That’s perfect, because that’s when my semester is over.” I wasn’t sure what my plans would be after the semester, but I decided to worry about that at a later time.
“Well, would you like to take a look? The furnished unit is empty so I can give you a tour.”
“That would be fantastic,” I said enthusiastically and looked over at my mom who nodded in anticipation as well.
“Okay, please give me a moment while I fetch the keys.”
“Mom, this place seems a little expensive. I don’t know if I can afford this with my pay alone.”
“Don’t worry about that honey. Your dad and I want you to live in a nice, safe place. We are going to help you pay the rent. Focus on your schooling dear.” She patted my knee.
“I will just need an I.D. and we can go.”
“Here you are,” I handed Delilah my driver’s license.
She placed my ID in her drawer and led us out of the office.
We walked across the cobblestone street to a quaint apartment with a small walkway lined with red and yellow flowers. She unlocked the door, and we walked into the airy, fresh paint smelling apartment. There were flowers on the round maple dining table in a small nook next to the perfectly sized, upgraded kitchen. The living room had a wood burning fireplace and a large brown leather couch and a rocking chair. A small coffee table in the center of the room had a few books stacked in one corner and an old looking magnifying glass on the other corner.
The bedroom was any girl’s fantasy room. A large canopy bed was the main attraction, along with a grand wardrobe on the side of the room. The canopy had white sheets draped from corner to corner. The oversized windows in the bedroom were also adorned with sheets draped over them. Light from the bright midday sun blasted through the entire room. The walk-in closet had shelves, hooks and nooks for all of my belongings and then some. The bathroom had a Jacuzzi tub and stone shower. The toilet had its own door for extended privacy. I was absolutely in love with the place.
“What do you think sweetheart?” My mom whispered from behind me.
“It’s perfect,” I turned to face her excitedly.
“When can she move in?” My mom asked Delilah.
“Today if you would like. We would just have to run the credit check and get you approved, sign the lease, and you can move in right after.”
I looked to my mom for her thoughts.
“Sweetheart, I think this place is wonderful. How about we do the paperwork?”
“Yes, let’s do it!”
We walked back to Delilah’s office and began the leasing process. It only took about an hour to run the credit check and complete the paperwork. Once we were done, Delilah handed me the keys to my new apartment.
“Here are the keys, Harmony. Welcome to The Lodge at Ashland Oaks.”
My mom and I thanked Delilah and we walked outside.
“So what’s the plan Mom?”
“Well, this worked out perfectly. Why don’t we unpack your stuff at the apartment and leave your car here? We’ll take a flight back home, instead of driving. It makes more sense. That way, when you come back here for school and work, your car and apartment will be here waiting for you.”
“Okay, I like that plan.”
Without hesitation, we parked my car in front of my brand new apartment and began unloading all of my items. Before I knew it, the car was empty and light again, and I had a new place to call my own. An hour passed and we were finally finished placing every box and item in its specific area of the apartment.
“Don’t worry about unpacking or organizing, Mom. When I come back home, I’ll do it in my free time.”
“Very well then. What do you say we grab a bite to eat and head to the airport?” My Mom asked; her face flushed from exhaustion. “We can drive your car and park it at one of their paid lots until you get back here.”
“That’s a good plan. But there’s one thing I want to do before we leave town.”
“What’s that?”
“I need to go to the hospital.” I’d been thinking about him all day. I hoped he was okay.
“The hospital?”
“Yes, to see my friend. Echo,” for a moment, I’d forgotten why I was getting this new apartment and what had all transpired in the last twenty-four hours. But it all came rushing back to me in an instant, and my lips began to tremble.
“Sure sweetheart.” My mom wrapped her arms around me. I broke down in tears. One can only take so much change in one day. I fell apart in her arms. “Don’t worry honey. Life is full of changes and new experiences. You should be proud of yourself for being so strong. You deserve so much better than Taylor. Put those memories behind you and start fresh.”
I cried for a while in the comfort of my mom’s arms. It was an outlet that I had needed for quite some time.
“Thank you Mom,” I sniffled, “for being here for me. I’m going to freshen up real quick.”
“No need to thank me dear. That’s what I’m here for.”
I kissed her cheek and walked into my new bathroom. I stood in front of the mirror, feeling naked and exposed. I stared into the mirror, into my pained eyes. If there’s one thing I’ve learned in life thus far, it’s that I’m stronger than I’ve given myself credit for. All of the hurt and pain I’d endured in the recent past had cut me deeply, but I’d be dammed if I let it break me down. I should’ve seen the signs. Looking back at when Taylor and I were dating, I should’ve noticed the subtle signs of his controlling personality. I promised myself at that moment, that I wouldn’t allow myself to fall victim to another man’s control ever again.  “Never again!”
I put on a brave face, refreshed my makeup, and walked out to the living room. “Ready Mom?”
“Yes, sweetheart, I’m ready.”


Chapter Thirty Two

The sun was beginning to set as we were driving to the hospital. I drove around the parking lot of the hospital looking for any free parking spots. I finally spotted someone reversing out of his or her spot and pulled in quickly. My mom and I walked into the main entrance and to the front desk.
“Hi, I’m looking for a patient. I was told he’d be here,” I bit my lip nervously.
“Sure. What’s his name?” The tanned, female secretary asked.
“Echo.”
“Echo?” She extended the name as if she was confused.
“Oh, I’m sorry, but I don’t know his last name.” I felt a little embarrassed.
“Do you know when he was admitted?”
“Yes, late last night.”
“Ok, give me a moment while I check my records,” she sifted through the patient records on her desk. “Ah, Echo Nordin, admitted late last night. He’s in room 16. If you go down this hallway to your right, and make a left, his room will be on your right hand side.”
“Thanks so much.” I followed her directions and walked through the sterile looking halls, with my mom following closely behind me. “There he is!” I could see through the glass window, Echo was speaking to a doctor. I was relieved to see him awake and talking. He had a band-aid on his forehead and his eyes and the side of his face were bruised. I waited for the doctor to walk out of the room.
“Oh hello, are you here to see Echo?” The doctor asked in his deep voice as he opened the door.
“Um, yes. How is he doing?” I asked nervously.
“Oh he’s going to be just fine. He has a concussion, but he should be able to check out of here very soon.”
“Oh good.” I breathed a sigh of relief. “Thank you.”
“Take care.” The doctor walked off.
“Mom, I’ll be right back. Do you mind waiting out here?”
“Don’t be silly sweetheart. I don’t mind at all. Please, take your time.”
“Thanks Mom.” I pushed my hair back with my hands and looked at my clothes to make sure I looked somewhat presentable. “Here we go,” I whispered to myself.
I turned the knob slowly, and knocked lightly on the door.
“Come in,” he said in a sweet voice.
I peeked around the door, “Echo,” I said softly.
His eyes lit up and he gave me a big smile, “Harmony.”
“May I come in?”
“Yes, please, come in.” Echo kept his eyes focused on me as I walked around his bed and sat in the chair next to his bedside. “Thank you so much for coming.”
“Of course. I’m happy to see you awake.” I paused, unsure of what to say. After all, Echo fought to protect me from Taylor, and he ended up in the hospital for it. I felt partially to blame. “Are you doing okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine. I just have a few scrapes and bruises, and a mild concussion, but no serious injuries. They say I’ll probably be discharged by the end of the night.” He said in a positive tone.
“Echo,” I bowed my head down, “I’m so sorry that this happened. After all, Taylor is the one that did this to you, and…” I couldn’t seem to find the words. I waited a moment to keep from crying. “Well, I can’t help but think it’s my fault. If I would have just done what he’d asked of me.” I closed my eyes.
I felt Echo touch my face and lift my head, “Harmony,” he whispered. “You have to know that none of this is your fault. You could not have prevented this. You have no control over someone else’s actions or reactions.”
I stared into his electrifying eyes. I didn’t even have to look at his lips and hear him speak. I could see and hear all I needed to through his inviting eyes. His eyes spoke genuinely, as if I could read his soul through them.
“Besides, I’m fine Harmony. More importantly, are you okay? How are you feeling after what happened last night?”
“I’m doing well,” my gaze fell to the floor.
“Harmony, listen, if you’re worried about me pressing charges, there’s no need. I’m not going to. I wouldn’t put you through that. Plus I don’t want him to blame you for that. How are you guys by the way?”
“Oh, Taylor and I are no more.”
“Really?” Echo remained quiet. I knew he was waiting for me to tell him more.
“Yes, I told him this morning that I was leaving. Apparently, he knew it was coming because when he showed up at the house and was with the girl that he cheated on me with. I’m sure he figured that there was no return from what happened last night and what I found out about.”
“Harmony, I’m so sorry. You don’t deserve to be treated that way. It’s his loss. He didn’t deserve someone so special like you.”
“Thanks Echo,” I smirked. “I’m actually relieved in a sense. We’ve been unhappy for a very long time now, and we needed to sever ties. It’s just that…change is hard. You know?”
“Of course,” he nodded. “It’s an adjustment.”
I exhaled loudly, “Exactly.”
“I’m here for you if you need anything. Anything at all.” Echo placed his hand on mine for a brief second and placed it back on his lap respectfully.
“Thank you.” I smiled at him. “Uh, well, I would love to stay longer, but my mom is waiting out there for me, and…”
“Your mom?” Echo interrupted.
“Yes, my mom. She came to help me pack.”
He looked concerned. “You’re leaving Ashland?”
“Well, yes, but only for a week. I’ll be back to finish off the semester. I got a furnished apartment already, and moved my stuff into there.”
“Oh, well, I have to be honest, I’m glad you’re staying in town a little longer.”
I felt my face turn bright red.
He smiled, “You moved out quickly.”
“Well, I didn’t have to move any large items, just suitcases of clothing and my personal belongings. That’s all.”
“Oh ok. That’s good to hear.”
“Well, I didn’t unpack yet, but I can do that when I come back home.”
“For sure. Why don’t you invite your mom in here?”
“My mom,” I was very surprised that he wanted to meet her, “really?”
“Well, sure. Why not? I’d like to see a piece of where you came from.”
I smiled warmly, “Ok. I’ll be right back.”
I walked out and signaled my mom to come in. She hesitated for a moment.
“Are you sure?” My mom asked, bewildered.
“Yes Mom, come in.” I gestured again.
She smiled excitedly.
“Hello?”
“Hi there. I’m Echo, Mrs.?”
“Mrs. Maia. But you can call me Sara. It’s very nice to meet you.”
Echo and my mother shook hands.
“It’s nice to meet you as well, Mrs. Sara. You have a beautiful daughter. She’s a very sweet young woman.”
“Why thank you. I think so too. Have you two been friends for a while?” She glanced at me and smiled.
“Well, not too long. But I feel like I’ve known her for a long time. I guess she just naturally makes people feel comfortable around her.” Echo looked at me and winked.
I stood there quietly and listened, trying to contain my smile. I was surprised to hear that he felt the same way I did about him.
“If you don’t mind me asking, what happened?” My mother asked curiously.
“Oh, I’m not sure…” Echo looked at me for guidance.
“Mom, things got pretty bad with Taylor last night. Echo is the one I told you about. The one who stepped in and protected me.”
“You did that for my daughter?” My mom’s eyes welled up with tears.
Echo bit his bottom lip and had such an innocent expression. His dimples stood out as his cheeks reddened. He nodded.
She lifted his hand and squeezed it between hers, “Thank you.”
“You’re welcome. It was no problem.”
“I’m glad to see that Harmony has a true friend she can count on here in Ashland. You’re a good man, Echo.”
“Thank you Ma’am,” he looked down shyly.
“Well, Mom, we’d better go if we want to catch a flight out tonight.”
“You’re right. Well, it was very nice meeting you Echo.”
“Nice meeting you as well.”
“I’ll be right out Mom. I’m just going to say goodbye.” I waited for my mom to leave the room, and I looked over at Echo. I fiddled around with my heart necklace. “Echo, no one has ever come to my rescue like you did last night. It means a lot to me. I owe you.”
“Harmony,” he grabbed my hand and I felt warmth rush through me. “That’s what friends do, they protect one another. Don’t think twice, it’s alright.”
“Did you just quote Bob Dylan?”
“Maybe?” He giggled.
“That’s hilarious.” I laughed. “Thanks again Echo. I’ll see you soon.” I kissed him on the cheek and waved goodbye.
“Ready Mom?” I asked as I shut Echo’s door behind me.
“Yes dear,” she smiled, “I’m ready.”
I chuckled as we walked out of the hospital and to the car. “What Mom? I see you smirking over there?”
“Oh nothing,” She said jokingly. “I see a little spark in your eye, that’s all.”
“What? Mom, come on. He’s just a friend.”
“Did you see the way he looks at you? It’s like no one else even exists.”
My heart fluttered, “Don’t be silly. He’s just a nice guy who was being nice, that’s all.”
“Uh huh. Sure, whatever you say!”
“Oh Mother.” I shook my head in embarrassment as we drove off to the airport.


Chapter Thirty Three

My mom and I waited on standby at the airport all night, but nothing became available. We eventually bought tickets for the first flight out in the morning. We slept uncomfortably on the stiff chairs at our gate. I rested my head on my bag and tried to catch some shuteye. But all I kept thinking about was facing my dad and telling him the news about Taylor. I knew he would be disappointed and upset. I just hoped that he would understand.
By the time we were called to board our plane, we were exhausted from lack of sleep and packing and moving the day before.
The flight back to San Diego was a blur. I fell asleep and didn’t wake up until we were asked to exit the plane.
“You ready honey? Don’t be nervous. It’s all going to be all right.” My mom said as we walked off of the plane.
I frowned nervously, “I hope so.”
We waited on the curb at San Diego airport. My dad had to take time off of work to come pick us up. When he pulled up, every inch of me shuddered in fear. I didn’t want him to be disappointed in me.
“Harmony, how are you honey? Your mom and I have missed you so much.” My dad held me tightly. “I’m so happy you’re home.”
“I’m happy to be home too.” I felt relieved. He wasn’t upset…yet.
Once we arrived home, I asked them to sit down in the living room and get comfortable, because I was about to unravel all that had occurred between me and Taylor since moving to Oregon. I asked them to keep an open mind, and to not be upset with me. They agreed and asked me to carry on.
I told them about Taylor’s drinking, his late night outs, the verbal abuse, physical abuse, his lying, cheating, and his attempt to force me to quit school. They listened quietly, a little too quietly. Their faces looked pale and concerned, and their bodies were stiff. After my outpour of information, I sat and waited for any type of response from them. But they were silent.
“I’m sorry I kept all of this from you, but I was scared you would be disappointed in me for making a bad decision. I made the commitment to be with Taylor, and you guys invested your time and emotions into him. So I thought I had to figure out any possible way to make it work. But, nothing seemed to help.” I hoped that one of them would speak up, because the silence was killing me.
“Harmony,” my dad finally spoke, “honey, I wish you would have told us this sooner. Yes, this was a big decision and a big step for your mother and me to agree to you living with a man whom you weren’t married to. But, that’s the culture here, and frankly I’m glad we did agree to that. No one should ever treat you that way. Never!” My dad’s face turned blood red and he became angry.
My mom put her hand on his knee and comforted him, “Harmony, this is hard to hear, but I want you to know that we are not disappointed in you in the least bit. In fact, it’s the complete opposite. We are proud of you for being a strong, independent woman and for finding the strength to leave such a toxic relationship. That’s not easy to do. You deserve to be treated like a princess. All I can say is that Taylor has some Karma coming his way.”
My dad stood up and opened his arms. I walked over to him and he wrapped his arms around me. “My precious daughter, you mean the world to us, and all we want is for you to be happy. I don’t want you to ever be afraid to tell us how you feel and what’s going on in your life. We love you. Screw Taylor. He better not ever come near you again! I will rip him to shreds!” He looked at me with tears in his eyes. “From this point forward, I want open communication between us. Anything you want to talk about, we’ll discuss. I don’t want you to worry about us being upset. I promise you, we will listen, and be here for you, always.”
I began to cry. “Thank you Dad.”
“I’m so proud of you Symon,” my mom said graciously.
“Times like this really open your eyes, and bring people closer together. Promise me you won’t let anyone treat you like that again bratee.”
“Oh I promise, Dad. You don’t have to worry about that.” I sniffled.
After a long and emotional topsy-turvy day, I felt completely worn out. I kissed my parents goodnight and thanked them for their understanding. I walked up to the comfort of my old bedroom. There was something to be said about the familiarity and warmth of being back at home with your family. My parents helped me feel grounded and stable. I was contented, and it felt wonderful.


Chapter Thirty Four

I walked across the open plain, my white dress floating behind me. I felt the sun peek through the clouds. I was enveloped in warmth and serenity. The birds began to chirp, and the air felt crisp and smelled fresh. It was happening. I was getting closer to him with every step that I took. He stood there with open arms; waiting for me to come to him. I am finally going to meet him: the man that I’ve been searching for and the man that has been searching for me. I walked closer, and suddenly, he floated further away. His face in distress, he reached his arm out to me. I did the same.
I woke up in a cold sweat. My heart was beating a hundred miles a minute. I stayed in bed, trying to recount everything that happened in my dream. Who was this man that I’d dreamt about for so long? Every dream brought me closer to him, but somehow, I hadn’t been able to reach him. I felt as though I really knew him, cared for him, and loved him. But how is that possible to love someone that does not exist? He exists only in my dreams.
“Harmony, breakfast is ready.” I heard my mom shout from downstairs.
I gazed up at the ceiling, waiting to respond. I wasn’t ready to be distracted from that warm feeling of true love. I wondered if it really existed. An unyielding bond between two people that is irrevocable. Is it possible to find love that stands the test of time and possesses a connection so strong that it cannot be severed? I hoped so. I wasted too much time on what I thought was true love, but it ended up being just the opposite. I didn’t want to settle for just enough anymore. I wanted the real deal. I wanted my one true love - a love that only comes along once in a lifetime. I wanted a love that swept me off my feet and lifted me high above the clouds. It sounded impossible, but I remained hopeful that fairytales really did exist.
“I’m coming Mom.” I wrapped my white oversized robe around me and walked downstairs to have breakfast. “Dad, what are you doing home?”
“I decided to use some of my vacation time while you’re here. I miss you and want to spend as much time with you while you’re in town.” My dad smiled and placed his hand on my shoulder.
“Aw, thanks Dad.”
“How are you doing this morning sweetheart?” My mom asked as she spooned some eggs onto my plate.
“I’m good, thanks,” I gave a half smile.
“Are you upset or sad about your breakup?” My mom asked apologetically. My parents both stared at me.
“If I can be completely honest, I’m actually very relieved.”
“Oh good!” My dad said, with a sigh of relief.
“I was unhappy for so long, and treated unfairly and poorly. There is nothing I miss about being with Taylor. Believe me when I say, that I’m happier now. Much, much happier!” There was a certain emptiness I felt when I thought about the breakup with Taylor. I suppose that I missed the comfort of knowing that someone was there with me when I woke up in the morning. It was a little intimidating to envision going back to Ashland and being alone in my own place. Although it felt exciting and new, I knew that it would take some getting used to. But all I wanted to do was to reassure my parents that I was happy as can be. I didn’t want them to worry about me. I knew that soon enough, things would feel normal again.
“We’re so happy to hear that honey!” My mom stated.
I smiled at the both of them. I knew they were relieved. I could tell that they were worried that I would run back to Taylor, but I assured them that there was absolutely no possibility of that.
“So is Grandma coming over?”  I asked with a mouthful of eggs.
“No sweetheart, your grandmother is in Vancouver visiting her brother for the week. Too bad you aren’t able to see her.”
“Yes, that is too bad.” I frowned. “Well, maybe she’ll want to take a trip up to Oregon sometime. If not, I’m sure I’ll be back here to visit soon enough.”
“That’s true. Well eat up honey. Your father and I have some stuff planned while you’re in town.”
“Like what?”
“We’re going to Disneyland today!” My dad said excitedly.
“Awesome! That’s your favorite place, Dad!”
“I know! I can’t wait. I haven’t been there in years.”
“Tomorrow, we’ll go to Sea World and the next day I was thinking about going to Coronado Island. The day after that I thought we’d go to the Queen Mary and do some ghost hunting! Then since we’ll be so close to Catalina Island at that point, I’d thought we’d take a boat ride there the next day.” My mom said expressively.
“Wow, that sounds like so much fun! I’ve needed a vacation, and this week is going to feel like a whole bunch of vacations.”
“That’s what we’re shooting for.” My mom said.
I bit my lip and smiled. I was ecstatic about all the fun trips that were about to take place. I couldn’t wait to forget about reality for a little while and focus on pure fun. I sat there in appreciation of my parents. I had needed their comfort for so long, and it was there all along. I began to tear up thinking about the situation I overcame with Taylor. For so long I’d felt like he was punishing me; like I’d somehow deserved the way I was being treated. He made me feel at fault. He made me feel like I was crazy. But no more!
My mom came to my side and held me for a moment. I must have looked troubled. “I know sweetheart.” My mom comforted me as I wept. “I can’t even imagine what you went through with that man. But I can see it in your sweet eyes. You’re not alone. We’re here for you dear. We love you so much.” My parents would never truly know just how much their support meant to me. After being cooped up in a situation in which I couldn’t express my feelings for so long, I felt like a bursting damn, unleashing all the pent up emotions within me.
That day, my parents and I drove to Disneyland and spent the whole day walking around, stuffing our faces and riding as many roller coasters as we possibly could. By the time we knew it, night was approaching, and we watched as the nightly Disneyland fireworks were set off. What a magnificent sight to see. It was the perfect ending to a magical day.
The rest of the days flew by so very quickly. My mom kept her word about all the places we would visit. Sea World was a blast and sent me back to my younger years when we would go several times a year. After Sea World we headed over to Coronado Island since we were so close. We walked around the infamous Hotel Del and visited all the cute little shops around town. We ended the day with a triple layer ice cream cones.
The day after that, we visited the Queen Mary in Long Beach. Although my mom wasn’t a big fan of ghost stories, she and my dad made that trip for me. I loved every minute of it. I walked aboard the ship and looked into all the corridors and rooms. With my nifty EMF detector, I was able to find some spots that were fairly active around the ship. I took many pictures with my digital camera, hoping that I would find some type of orb or apparition, but unfortunately I captured nothing besides a fake spider in mid air that some kid kept throwing at people. That night, we took a ferry to Catalina Island and spent two days there. My mom and I shopped until we had visited every store on the boardwalk. My dad and I went kayaking in the ocean. I was terrified for most of the kayaking experience. We spent the last day sunbathing on the beach.
By the time we knew it, I was at my parents’ house, packing my clothes to return back to Ashland. I needed that time with my family to rejuvenate and reevaluate my life. I felt refreshed at the end of my trip. I was ready to return to my new place, school and work. I thanked my mom and dad for everything and reassured them that I would not be talking to Taylor anymore. In fact, that was the last time I would even want to mention his name. I was happy and had high hopes for my future. 


Chapter Thirty Five

I yawned as I walked hurriedly to my car in the airport parking lot. The sun was still hidden behind the morning fog. I tried to sleep on the plane ride to Medford, but apparently the movie that everyone was watching was very funny, because the loud laughter kept me awake. I unlocked my doors and hopped into my cold car. I turned on the ignition and blasted the heat. A gush of ice-cold air blew into my face and I jumped out of the car. I laughed at myself. I gave my car a minute to warm up and reentered. I removed my gloves and jacket. I began my journey back to my new apartment home in Ashland.
Thirty minutes is all it took to make it back to The Lodge at Ashland Oaks. I walked into my fresh smelling apartment. I took a deep breath in and dropped my bags onto the floor. I called my parents to let them know I made it home safely. I changed into my warm, pink and black fleece pants and a pink hooded sweater. I walked over to the coffee maker and brewed a cup of coffee. I held my mug with both my hands and close to my chest, hoping that the heat would warm me. I turned the heater on and walked around the apartment, mentally taking notes of what I wanted to accomplish first.
I decided to start with unpacking my clothes. I took all of my clothes out of the boxes and scattered them on my bed. Next, I unpacked all of my shoes and placed them on the floor. Very carefully, I arranged my clothes in my closet. I paced the all of my pants together, the shirts together, the skirts together, the dresses together, etc. I arranged my shoes on the built in closet shelves, keeping the heels together, the tennis shoes together, and the sandals together. I didn’t have much else to unpack besides my personal belongings, like jewelry, hats, belts, scarves, important documents, and undergarments. It only took me about two hours to finish unpacking everything. The great thing about living in a furnished rental was that unpacking was a breeze. All the home necessities I needed were already there.
I took a long hot shower after that. I fixed up my hair and changed into my jeans and a long sleeve shirt. I sat on my couch and called Colton to let him know that I was back in town.
“Hello?”
“Hi Colton, it’s Harmony. How are you?”
“Hey girl! Are you back in town?” He asked excitedly.
“Yes, I am, and I’m ready to get back to work.”
“Good, ‘cause I’m ready to have you back. I miss you!”
“I miss you too!” I took in a deep breath of relief to hear a familiar, friendly voice. “How are things going at the shop?”
“Well, we’ve just been slammed lately. The Shakespeare Festival has been bringing a lot of people to this town and it has really helped pick up the business. We’re going to hire more staff, and you and I my dear, will be working together from now on.”
“Really, that’s awesome,” I said excitedly. “I can’t wait. It gets pretty boring working all by yourself.”
“Tell me about it. I’m looking forward to it! Listen, can you come in tomorrow?”
“Sure, but I can’t make it in until 1. I have 2 classes in the morning.”
“That works for me. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“See you then, bye.”
“Wait, Harmony?”
“Yes?”
“How are you doing? Are you feeling alright after everything?”
“Oh yeah! I’m doing very well! It feels good to be in my own place and not have anyone dictating what I can and can’t do.” I took a deep breath in and admired my quaint, little apartment.
“That’s what I like to hear. I’ll see you tomorrow then. Love you girl. Bye!”
“Love you too friend. Bye Colton,” I chuckled.
I was happy to be back in Ashland and return to some type of normalcy. I turned on the television and cuddled up in a blanket on the couch. It felt great to not have to answer to anyone but myself. I closed my eyes and started to drift off into sleep.
I woke up to my phone vibrating. Before I could pick it up, it vibrated off the coffee table. “Oh geez, where’d it go?” I muttered to myself. I patted my hands around the floor, with my eyes still shut. I yawned and sat up lazily. I felt a little better after taking that much needed nap. I picked my phone up off the floor and saw that I had a missed call from work. I called back.
“Thank you for calling Ancient Love Antiques, this is Colton, how may I help you?”
“Colton it’s Harmony. Did you call me?”
“Oh yes, I did. Your friend dropped off a package here for you.”
“My friend? What friend?”
“You know, that guy that you were mesmerized by, your first day on the job.”
“Echo?”
“Oh ya, that was his name.”
“That’s strange. I wonder what it is?”
“I don’t know, but I’ll leave it in the back for you.”
“Thanks Colton. I’m not doing much today, so I might come by and pick it up.”
The package piqued my curiosity. I couldn’t imagine what he’d give me, especially after my ex put him in the hospital. I was too interested to wait until tomorrow. I decided to get ready and head to the antique shop. Plus, I began to feel a bit lonely all by myself in my new apartment. I kept reminding myself that this transitional period in my life would have its ups and downs.
When I arrived at the antique shop, I noticed that they had placed new items in the front window area and they had rearranged some of the furniture.
The bell rang above me as I opened the door. I waved at Colton who was behind the register. He ran over to me with his arms open.
“He girl! I missed you.”
“Hi Colton, I missed you too.” I whispered. “Look at this place, it’s swarming with people.”
“Tell me about it! I love it. Come on back.” He walked with a feminine strut to the back room.
“Yum, what’s that delicious smell?”
“Oh we just got a Scentsy warmer. I’m burning Sandlewood Vanilla.”
“Nice!”
“Alright, here it is, with its brown paper wrapping and pink bow.”
“So strange. Did he say anything to you when he brought the package in?”
“Well if he did, then I wasn’t listening, because those chiseled abs of his were calling my name. Mmm hmm.”
I started laughing hysterically, “Whoa, calm down there. You’re too funny.”
“I’m sorry, he is just too pretty for a boy. It should be a crime.”
I kissed Colton on the cheek and chuckled, “Thanks Colton, I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Alright baby, see you then.”
I walked out and placed the package on the passenger seat of my car. I stared at it for a while. I thought about opening it right then, but I decided to wait. I drove straight home.
Once I was in my apartment, I sat down on the couch and set the package on the table. I’m not sure why I was hesitant to open the package. I guess I was a little excited. Slowly, I began to peel away the wrapped layers until I reached a cardboard box. I grabbed some scissors from the kitchen and sliced through the tape. I opened the package and found a note on top of popcorn packing. It read:
Harmony,
I want to thank you for coming to visit me in the hospital.
That was so kind of you and very thoughtful.
I hope you are doing well after everything that happened at Calypso.
No one deserves to be treated the way you were treated that night.
Please know that you always have a friend in me.
I like you Harmony, and I hope that we will remain friends.
Please accept this gift. You loved it, and so I want you to have it.
Take care of yourself.
Your Friend,
Echo Nordin
I felt a flutter in the pit of my stomach. I turned the note over and I found a phone number. I set the note down on the coffee table and lifted the gift inside the box. I unwrapped it slowly, as it was heavy. Very carefully, I unraveled the layers of wrapping, and there it was; the clay Lotus bowl that Echo had bought from the antique store. I bit my lip and smiled. How sweet of him to think to give that to me. That clay bowl was my favorite item that I’d come across in the antique store. I moved everything off of my coffee table and placed the Lotus bowl right in the middle. I was beautiful.
I stared at the bowl for a while, and wanted to call Echo and thank him. I sifted through the wrapping and packing popcorn on the floor until I found his note. I dialed the number on the back of the letter.
“Hello?” A curious voice said.
“Echo?”
“Yes! Harmony?”
“Yes, it’s me.”
“I’m so glad you called. I take it you opened my package?”
“Yes, and Echo thank you so much. It means a lot to me that you would give me the Lotus bowl. Believe it or not, that is my favorite item from Ancient Love Antiques.”
“I know, I could tell when you sold it to me. It belongs with you.”
“I appreciate that.” I bit my lip and smiled. “So you’re doing better?”
“Oh yes! Much better. How are you holding up? Are you alright living on your own now?”
“Yes, I kind of like it! I feel free.”
Echo laughed, “I know what you mean. I wanted to ask you if you…” he hesitated.
“Yes?”
“Are you free tonight?” He asked very quickly.
“Hmmm… let me look at my calendar,” I said jokingly. “Yup, looks like I’m pretty open tonight,” I laughed.
“Oh good.” He chuckled. “I was wondering if you would accompany me on a walk through Lithia Park?”
I smiled widely, “Sure, I’d like that. I’ve never been there before.”
“You’re going to love it! Dress warm and comfortable. May I pick you up?”
“Yes, please. That would be very nice.” I said shyly as my cheeks turned a burnt red with excitement.
“Alright then, that sounds good. May I come by in two hours?”
“Perfect. See you then!”
“Bye.”
I held the phone close to my ear and waiting for him to hang up. I admired the lotus bowl he had given me. I was happy to have a friend to lean on. More importantly, I’m glad it was Echo. I wasn’t sure why, but I felt an undeniable connection to him. I was excited to spend some quality time with him for the first time. It’s not that I thought that it was going to be a date. It was too soon for me to even consider dating. It was just going to be a walk in the park with a good friend, who happened to be very good looking, charming, chivalrous, outgoing, and smelled divine. I smiled at the thought of him.

My phone rang loudly and pulled me out of my reverie. I quickly looked down at my phone and answered without taking time to look at the number.
“Hello?” I said quickly.
“Hi habibi. How are you?”
“Nana?”
“Yes it’s me.”
“Nana, I miss you so much. I’m sorry I missed you when I was in California.”
“Me too habibi. Me too. How are you? I know everything.”
I exhaled loudly, “I’m okay Nana. It was hard, but I’m better now. I’m just happy and relieved to be out of that relationship.”
“Yes, me too. I have to tell you, I have confession habibi.”
“What is it Nana?”
“You remember in your cup reading I seemed nervous about something and I told you I would tell you in time.”
I recalled the cup reading in which my grandma told me about the P name and was reluctant to offer more information about something else she saw in the cup. “Yes I do.”
“In your cup I saw that the relationship with Taylor would not work out. I knew it would be difficult time for you, but I did not want to tell you because you might have broken up with him.” My grandma said in a soft tone and her strong accent.
“But that would have been a good thing, right? It would have saved me a lot of heartache, Nana.”
“Yes, but life isn’t always that simple.”
“What do you mean,” I was so confused at that point.
“The only way you were going to meet your soul mate and fulfill your destiny was if you remained with Taylor and let the relationship run its course. And you have done that.”
“So you’re saying there was a reason I went through the relationship with Taylor. That somehow I am closer to my destiny.”
“Yes habibi, exactly.”
I pondered what she was saying for a moment. Although it was hard to grasp the idea that I had to go through such pain to reach my destiny, I trusted my grandma and appreciated her honesty. “Thank you Nana, for telling me that.”
“Of course habibi. I have to go now. I love you and I’m always here. Call me anytime.”
“Thanks Nana. I love you too. Bye.”
She hung up and I set the phone down on the coffee table. I’m glad my grandma finally told me the truth about the rest of the cup reading. She was right: If she had told me about the toxic relationship I was going to have with Taylor back when we were still dating, I would have probably broken up with him. I suppose that everything in life happens for a reason.

I spend the next two hours preparing for the walk in the park. By the time I was done getting dressed, I heard the doorbell ring. I stared into my bedroom mirror, turning frantically in every direction. I made sure my skinny jeans weren’t too tight fitting around my behind. I lifted my legs to view my knee-high boots in the mirror. I fiddled with my fitted grey, sweater. I hurriedly picked up my scarf from the vanity and wrapped it around my neck.
“Coming!” I yelled as I walked quickly towards the door. I whipped the door open and smiled, “Hi!”
“Hello. You look amazing.”
I blushed. “Thank you. You look pretty handsome yourself,” I inhaled deeply and smelled his amazing scent, “and you smell good.”
“Why thank you. I’m glad you dressed warm. The temperature will drop quickly.” Echo glanced around the apartment. “This is a beautiful place you have here.”
“Thank you.” I stared into his electrifying eyes. “Well, you ready?”
“Sure, come on,” he smiled warmly and offered me his hand to help me out the door.
“Thank you.” I let go briefly to lock the door and took his hand again.
He walked me to his car and opened the passenger door for me. He helped me in, waiting to shut the door until I was comfortably seated.
He entered the driver’s side and sat down. With one arm on the wheel and the other on the stick shift, he looked over at me with his genuine expression. “You ready beautiful?”
My stomach fluttered and I whispered. “Yes.”
We listened to his eclectic mix of music from his iPod on our way. There was a comfortable silence in the car. It felt easy to be around him.
“Here it is.” Echo said happily.
“Oh that was fast. So I hear it’s a fairly big park.”
“Oh it’s pretty large. Ninety three acres that is. It starts at Mount Ashland all the way to here.”
“Wow. That’s amazing.”
“Ya, it sure is.” He exited the driver’s side and walked around to the passenger side and opened my door for me.
“Why thank you.”
“But of course, milady,” he said jokingly.
I chuckled and grabbed his hand to lift out of the car. The air smelled crisp and fresh. The scent of pine trees and rainwater emanated from the park. We walked towards the entrance of Lithia Park.
“This is breathtakingly beautiful.”
“Wait until we walk further.” Echo stated.
We walked on the pavement, past the entrance signs and into a forested opening. I gazed around in awe at all the massive trees. There were miles and miles of forested canyon land all around us. As I walked a bit further, I heard the trickle of running water. We walked up a little further and saw a creek to our right. Water was cascading over delicate stones and between moss plants. It was stunningly serene and captivating.
“So beautiful.” I breathed.
“I’m glad you think so.” Echo said. “Come on, there’s something I want to show you.”
I took his hand eagerly and gripped tightly as we ran through the forest. Echo stopped abruptly and whispered into my ear from behind. “Look over there.”
The grandeur beauty of the park was captivating. In front of us was an arched stone bridge that stood above the flowing creek. The water in this area gushed so quickly it created an effervescent, blanketed cloud above the water. “Now wait for it,” Echo said softly.
“Wait for what?”
“You’ll see.”
I watched patiently, looking in all directions. Suddenly, all the lampposts lit up all around us. The bridges lampposts shined brightly onto the water below, creating a glittering appearance on the misty waters. Simultaneously, twilight was upon us, and through the trees was the glowing, ambient light from the disappearing sun. As the sky grew darker, I saw specs of light floating above the bushes and trees.
“I’m in a fairytale!” I whispered. “What are those glimmering lights?”
“Those are Fireflies.” Echo leaned in closer, from behind. He whispered in my ear. “You see,” he pointed, “Fireflies are most common east of the Rockies. But very few do make it out this way. This is the only place that I’ve seen them.”
“Wow, they’re absolutely stunning. I’ve never seen them before. Thank you for bringing me here Echo.”
“It’s my pleasure.” He held my hand, “Come this way, I want to show you something else.”
I smiled. More? This man is full of surprises.
Hand in hand we walked across the stone bridge. The bridge felt colder than the hard ground, probably due to the mist evaporating upwards from the creek below. We walked through a meadow and through the forest yet again. This time, there was a bench that rested above cobblestone ground, and a three-tier waterfall that created a relaxing and romantic ambience. Only one dim lamppost lit the area.
“Let’s have a seat,” Echo pulled me down onto the bench beside him. “Now look up.”
“The stars are so bright tonight.”
“You see that star right there?” Echo pointed upwards. “That is Saturn. Just below that, and to the left is Venus. Now that is harder to see, but you can make out a faint star right there.”
“Oh cool.” I responded; intrigued that he knew exactly where those stars were located.
“Now if you look to your left a bit more, just down there. See?” He pointed his finger upwards and leaned in to me.
“Yes, I see. What is that?” I whispered.
“That’s Andromeda.”
“Andromeda. I’ve heard of that before.” I looked at him with a curious expression.
“Yes, assumedly so. Andromeda is a spiral galaxy about 2.5 million light years away. You know, they predict a galaxy collision between the Milky Way and the Andromeda Galaxy?”
“Really? That’s scary. Is that soon?”
Echo smiled, “No, not at all. They don’t foresee that happening for another 4 billion years.”
“Oh,” I chuckled. “Well that’s a relief.”
Echo laughed. He smiled his big white smile and stared into my eyes. “You are so funny Harmony. Your ex was an idiot, if you don’t mind my saying so,” his inviting eyes pierced through mine.
I laughed, “I concur.”
“Good.” Echo smiled shyly.
“Echo,” I placed my hand over his, “I want to thank you again for looking out for me. If you didn’t jump in between us that night at Calypso, I’m not sure what he would have done.”
“I would do it again in a heartbeat.” Echo said sincerely.
I wrapped my arms around him and rested my head on his shoulder. “You’re such a great guy,” I whispered, “any woman would be lucky to have you.”
I could hear his heart begin to pump louder. He gently lifted his head and whispered, “Harmony?”
I raised my head up to look at him. His eyes glowed, and read a sense of warmth and comfort. He smoothed his fingers through my hair and held my cheek. He smiled. I could feel his gentle breath on my cold face. I wanted this moment. The way he looked at me was unlike anything I’d ever experienced before. When he looked into my eyes, I was entranced. His eyes spoke a language I’d never heard, and yet I understood. He leaned in closer with his eyes never faltering. I couldn’t move. Time abruptly stood still. All that I could hear was my rapid heart rate accelerate even more. There was no movement between the two of us. We gazed into one another’s eyes for what seemed like eternity. I’m not sure whether I was breathing. There was an unseen connection that banded us. Unexpectedly, a jolt of electricity shot through my body and whipped me back slightly. I gasped, only to see that Echo had shot backwards as well.
I looked down and tried to catch my breath. “Did you feel that?”
“Ya, I did. I felt like I had been shocked.”
“Me too.” I took a moment to gather my thoughts. “The strange thing is, when that happened, I envisioned Egypt, and the pyramids.”
I looked over at Echo who looked aghast, “That’s strange. I envisioned that same thing.”
I was perplexed. What did that mean? And why did we both feel and see the same thing? “I’ve never experienced anything like that before.”
“Neither have I.” He placed his hand over mine and weaved his fingers through. He looked at me once again. “I really like you Harmony,” he said in all sincerity.
I felt my face turn a deep red and bowed my head down. I smiled and looked up at him shyly, “I like you too.”
“There’s something about you. I feel like I know you - like I’ve known you my whole life. I don’t know how to explain it, but…”
I interrupted. “You don’t have to. I know.”
Echo stood up eagerly. “How would you like to see the Andromeda Galaxy up close?”
“How’s that?”
“Come on, I’ll show you.” He pulled me up and led me back out of Lithia Park.
“Where are we going?” I asked breathlessly as we ran through the meadow and back into the forest.
“We’re going to my Dad’s.”
“I’m going to meet your Dad at this hour?”
Echo laughed loudly. “No, he’s on vacation. We’re going to his house. He has a large, very expensive telescope. We’ll be able to make out Andromeda’s spherical shape.”
We reached the entrance of Lithia Park and walked into the parking lot.
“Here you go Madam.”
“Why thank you sir.” Echo shut the door behind me and started the car.
“Here we go. My dad’s house is about 15 minutes from here. Not too far, but far enough away where you feel like you’re nowhere near the city. It’s really nice.”
“Echo, how do you know so much about Astronomy?”
“I never told you?” He asked. “I’m studying to be an Astronomer.”
“You are? That sounds like a really interesting job.”
“I think so. Then again, I was raised around Astronomy. My Dad is an Astronomer. He taught me mostly everything I know about the universe.”
“That’s incredible. How cool is that?” I asked rhetorically.
“Thanks.” He smiled.
We drove through open fields and rolling hills. As we were approaching his Dad’s home, the city lights were well behind us. We turned onto a side road and up a hill. As we reached the top of the moderate hill, I saw a large home nestled between staggering pine trees. Strategically placed lights lit up the modern designed home. As we got out of the car, the smell of roses enveloped me. I could see Rose bushes all around the front of the home.
“Wow, those rose bushes are beautiful.” I admired.
“Thanks. My Mom planted those a long time ago. Just recently the roses have gotten bigger and the smell stronger. The oddest thing was I found a rose that grew in the shape of a heart. I had to snip it and place in the house. My Mom loved hearts. In fact, she collected everything hearts.”
“Where s she now?”
“Oh,” he paused for a moment, “she passed away about seven years ago.”
“I’m so sorry,” I placed my hand on his shoulder.
“Thank you. It’s all right. I miss her every day, but I try to remember all the good times we had. There’s a saying: don’t cry because it’s over - smile because it happened. I try to live by that every day.”
“I like that.”
“Let’s head inside. We’re gonna go up to the observation tower; that’s where the telescope is.”
“He has an observation tower?” I asked, amazed.
“Yup. Come with me.” Echo pulled me next to him and we walked into his father’s home. He turned on a dim light inside. It smelled comforting and natural, like a cabin out in the woods.
“This is the main living room right over here with the large brick fireplace. I just put some wood in there the other day. Let me just light this really quickly.” He grabbed a piece of paper and lighter that were placed right next to the fireplace. He lit the paper and threw it onto the wood. The paper sparked once it touched the wood, then slowly but surely the fire rose up and the room began to warm.
“I like the décor. It’s very woodsy. Reminds me of nature.”
“That’s what my Dad was going for I think. He loves being out in nature. Would you like some hot cocoa?”
“Sure, that sounds great,” I clasped my hands together and paced around the room.
Echo walked over to the grand kitchen. The archway into the kitchen was made of wood that spiraled around. Natural stone was the floor covering of choice, and the countertops were stained cement. He put some cocoa powder into a small machine and added water to start.
“What’s that thing?”
“This little machine?”
I nodded.
“Oh it’s a hot cocoa maker. You’ve never seen one?”
“No I haven’t.”
“Well, to be honest, my Dad is the only one I know of who actually has one. He loves his hot cocoa, and he likes the convenience of not having to stand over a stove to make it. So he bought this little hot cocoa machine. Most of his work is done in the evenings, so he likes having his hot cocoa around.”
“That’s pretty cool. I want one of those.”
“Makes a good cup of cocoa too. You’ll see.” At that moment we heard a beep. “Oh, there it is. It’s done.” He poured a cup for me and for himself in rather large mugs.
I took a sip of the hot cocoa, making sure to blow on it first. “Wow, this is really good.”
“Told ya. Let’s go upstairs,” Echo walked towards the stairs.
“Right! To the observation tower.” I said as I walked behind Echo.
I followed Echo up the winding stairs to the middle floor, and then up another set of winding stairs up to the top floor, or observation tower. It looked like a large balcony. The coolest part was that the roof was retractable, to protect the telescope when it was not in use. At least that’s what I assumed. Once the roof was open Echo pressed a petal with his foot to lift the telescope up higher.
“This is pretty high tech.” I admired.
“Well, that’s what you get when you have an Astronomer for a father. Let me find Andromeda. You can place your Cocoa down next to mine on that table over there if you’d like.”
I turned around and walked to the square table to set my cocoa down.
“Oh I found it, come look Harmony.”
I walked over to him giddily and peeked through the telescope. “All I see is a star. I think I might have moved it accidentally.”
“Oh no worries, I’ll find it again.”
I tried to shift my weight over so he could find Andromeda again. “No please, stay here. I’ll find it right now.” He wrapped his arm around my waist and used his other arm to gaze through the telescope. “Now,” he whispered, “I think it’s over here. Take a look.”
This time, I slowly peeked through the telescope, making sure not to move it. Echo now placed both of his arms gently around me. My stomach fluttered and my breathing quickened. I closed my eyes for a second, reveling in the moment. Somehow, it always felt somewhat electric when he touched me.
“Do you see it,” he asked softly in my ear.
“Let me see.” I opened my eyes to look. “Wow, that’s incredible.” Although the view wasn’t perfectly clear, I could make out a spherical galaxy. “Beautiful.”
“It is isn’t it?”
I move my eye off of the lens and looked out into the vast sky. “Oh look, a shooting star!”
“I see it.” With his arms still around me, he placed his head on my shoulder and spoke gently, “I’m so glad you’re here with me.” He sensually placed his lips on my neck.
I turned to face him, still enveloped in his warm, comforting arms. We stared at one another. His eyes sparkled so brightly and his smile was the most genuine smile I had ever seen.
“I don’t know what it is Harmony; but I feel like I’ve been searching for you my whole life.”
My eyes welled up. I knew exactly what he meant. I felt what he felt. My heart raced like it never had before. I felt emotions that I didn’t think existed in this world. “If what you say is true, then guess what? You found me.” I smirked and bit my lip playfully.
“I found you.” He smiled and leaned in closer. He placed his forehead on mine and rested there for a moment, “I found you,” he repeated. I could feel the electricity between us. I felt his breath so close to mine. He placed his hand around my cheek and pulled his face even closer. I felt his lips barely touching mine. I heard his breath flutter uncontrollably. I leaned in and our lips connected. We kissed passionately. It felt gratifying, like I was quenching my long time thirst. I felt our bodies touch as we approached even closer. I could feel electricity running up and down, through my veins. There was an undeniable magnetism between us. It was exhilarating.
He disconnected his lips and stared into my eyes. He leaned in once more to kiss me, but this time he took his time. Kissing me softly with gentle pecks on my lips and down my neck. He kissed my ear and whispered, “I know you. I don’t know how, but I have this strong sense. Call it fate, call it destiny, call it the Law of Attraction; I feel like I was meant to find you.”
I bit my lip and looked at him innocently, “I’m so glad you did,” I whispered.
He lifted my hand onto his and wrapped his other hand around it. “You’re hands are freezing. How about we drink our hot cocoa next to the warm fireplace?”
“Sounds good.”
“After you.” He ushered for me to walk in front of him.
As I walked down the spiral staircase and on to the second floor, I noticed a room that caught my eye. “Echo, what are all those photos hanging up in that room?”
“Oh, those are photos my Dad took with his telescope. Want to see?”
“Sure, I’d love to.” I walked into the small room. Echo turned on the lights to reveal gorgeous photos with explanations beneath all of them, including the dates of when the photos were taken. “Whoa, these pictures are stunning. What’s this thing?”
“Oh that’s a Nebula. It’s basically a huge cloud of ionized gasses.”
“What produces all these vibrant colors?”
“You see, the stars that shine inside of these clouds of gas actually cause them to glow in different hues of red, blue and green. You can see these colors on photos thanks to the telescope cameras with long exposures.”
“So interesting. I love how you know so much about this,” I looked at him admirably and smiled a half, shy smile.
“I would hope. My Dad taught me a thing or two.” He smirked and placed his hands in his pockets.
“True!” I gazed around at the whole room, looking at all the photos. There must have been more than a hundred photos hanging on the wall. “Maybe if you have some time, you can teach me some more about Astronomy.”
“I would love to.”
I began to shiver, “Whew, it is cold.”
“The heater isn’t on. Let’s go sit in front of the fire place and warm up. Would you like to make some s’mores?”
“Yes, that sounds delicious,” I widened my eyes and nodded.
“Let’s do it then,” he led the way down the stairs.
As we reached the bottom of the stairs, I hurriedly walked to the fireplace and sat in one of the rocking chairs next to it. I wrapped the warm blanket that was hanging on the chair, around my cold shoulders.
“I’ll be right there Harmony. I’m just going to grab the stuff.”
“Ok, I’ll be right here.” I laughed.
Echo walked over with two skewers in hand, and a plate filled with graham crackers, marshmallows and chocolate bars.
“Ooh, that looks scrumptious.” I drooled at the thought of biting into a warm and gooey s’more.
He set the silver plate and skewers on the coffee table. “I’ll be right back.” He walked off into one of the bedrooms around the corner and returned with a thick, wool blanket. “It’ll be like a picnic.” I stood up as he moved the rocking chairs from in front of the fireplace and placed the blanket right in front of the warm flames. He grabbed the plate and skewers and situated them on the blanket. “Ok, you ready.” He sat cross-legged on the floor and offered his hand for me to sit next to him.
“Sure,” I cozied up right next to him on the blanket. “I must say, I’ve never made S’mores indoors.”
“All the more fun!” He handed me a skewer and lifted the tray for me. I placed a large marshmallow on my skewer and held it over the flames. “Mmmm, smells so good.” I turned my marshmallow in circles, making sure not to burn it to a crisp. The scent of toasted marshmallows was so enticing. I immediately grabbed two graham crackers and slid the marshmallow in between them. Then I slid a piece of chocolate inside. I couldn’t wait to taste it. I took a bite and savored every second of chewing. “Mmmm, yummy.”
“You can say that again!” Echo had already devoured his first S’more. His face had remnants of melted chocolate all over.
I laughed, “How in the world did you get chocolate everywhere?”
“Did I?” He started laughing hysterically, “I always manage to do that when I eat these things.”
“It’s ok, here, let me get some of that off.” I used my finger to wipe some of the chocolate off of his cheeks and chin, still laughing at the mess he had made. Then I tried to wipe some chocolate off of and around his lips. I used my fingers, but it wasn’t coming off too easily. “You have a little chocolate right there next to your lip.”
“Where, right here?” He stuck out his tongue and tried to lick around his lips, but he wasn’t coming close to the chocolate.
I chuckled, “No, no.” I moved in closer, and whispered, “Right here.” I looked into his eyes once more, and became silent. I licked the side of his lip, but before I could turn away, he turned his head, and our lips met. We looked at one another; the wood burning fire in front of us was sparking and sizzling. I closed my eyes and let him lead. He kissed me passionately. I was fervidly entranced under his spell. His tongue moved around mine with affection and intention. 		He knew what he was doing. All the muscles in his face held strong as he fixated his lips onto mine. He held my waist and gently placed me down on the blanket. His hands moved up and down my face. My accelerating heart rate and fast pace breathing left no doubt that I was completely taken with him.
He gradually slowed the rapid kissing to a gentler, more passionate kiss. Eventually, he tenderly moved his lips to my cheek, and kissed each of my eyes. He then pressed the tip of his nose against mine and whispered, “Eskimo kiss.” He batted his eyelashes on my cheek and breathed, “Butterfly kiss,” and kissed my lips once more and spoke softly, “and a true kiss for a true l...” He gasped, realizing what he had almost just said. He lifted up and sat next to me with his legs crossed. “I’m sorry Harmony, I got carried away.”
I remained quiet. I liked him, more than I liked anyone ever before. There was an unimaginable, magical, thrilling connection between us that was undeniable. But it was only recent that I had left a relationship. My last relationship hadn’t felt like a true relationship for quite some time. In fact it didn’t seem like more than a business arrangement, or maybe just a really bad mistake. The intense passion and electricity between Echo and me is something I’d never felt before. Even still, although I had never truly given my heart to anyone in my life thus far, I wasn’t sure if I was ready to break down my protective barriers just yet. I didn’t want to be let down. Echo seemed too good to be true. He seemed like the prince that I had been waiting for to rescue me. I was Juliet and he was my Romeo. But how did I know that he wasn’t a façade, acting one way but inevitably changing to someone else down the road. I was scared. Scared to be hurt again, scared of the unknown. Scared to put my heart on the line, and enable him to smash my soul into oblivion.
“Would you like me to take you home?” Echo asked in an apologetic tone.
“Well, maybe it is getting a bit late.” I wasn’t sure how to react. I myself didn’t know how to proceed with the night otherwise.
“Ok,” he looked over at me and smiled. His eyes sparkled with tears that were trying to break their way through. “I’ll help you up.” Echo lifted me up with both his hands.
“Echo, thank you for tonight. I had a great time.” I assured him as I stared into his eyes. “The truth is I just don’t know if I’m ready to jump into anything. It’s too soon for me. I need time to adjust to my new circumstances before I leap into another big change. But I really value your friendship. Can we still be friends?”
“Of course, and you’re right,” he nodded.
“Thanks so much for understanding.”
“Anytime. Come on, let’s get you home.” He put out the fire in the fireplace and turned off all the lights.
We walked out into the dark, cold night. The stars shined brightly in the dark, crescent moon night sky. Echo helped me into the passenger side of the car and walked over to the driver’s side. He started the engine and put the heat on full blast.
We were silent on the ride home. A lot had happened that night. I don’t think either of us expected it or knew what to say. The spark that was ignited between us was irrevocable. Yet we sat there, pretending to be platonic friends. I could feel the yearning tension brewing around us. But there was an implicit, mutual respect that we both had for one another, and neither of us wanted to penetrate one another’s boundaries.
We had finally reached my apartment after what seemed like an endless, heart wrenching drive. Echo parked right in front of my walkway and walked around to open my door. He perked his lips upward genuinely and said, “Here we are.” He held me by the hand and walked me to my door. “Thank you for spending some time with me. I had a great time.”
“Thank you as well. I had fun. It was pretty memorable.”
“Have a good night Harmony.” He stated sincerely, his eyes focused on mine.
My heart skipped a beat as I stared back into his aching eyes. “Good night Echo.” Without hesitation, I lurched forward and wrapped my arms around him tightly. I released my hold and planted a kiss on his warm cheek. “Bye,” I whispered. My keys rattled as I unlocked the door and walked in. I turned back to shut the door, and Echo was already walking back to his car.
I lay on the couch for about an hour, thinking about Echo and our night together. Every time I pictured his face, it warmed my heart and sent tingles through my stomach. We were both erring on the side of caution; not wanting to over step any boundaries. I wanted so badly to talk to him more about what went on between us that night, but it was a sensitive subject. I was nervous to threaten our friendship in any way, so I thought to just leave it be.
I knew one thing. I needed to get some rest before school and work the next day. I went about my nightly routine and hopped into bed. I rested under my cozy blankets and stared at the ceiling. Reality set in that I was newly single and living alone. I began to feel empty and lonely. The silence was like a fast moving flow of lava that enveloped me and hurt me to the core. I had put so much of my heart and effort into my past relationship, that it was difficult to accept it was abruptly over. I knew that I had made the right choice, but the severance of a relationship requires time to heal no matter what. The new changes in my life we exciting, frightening and overwhelming. All I could do was cry myself to sleep.


Chapter Thirty Six

The next day proved to be a busy one. I was emotionally drained but I was thankful for school and work to keep my mind occupied. I raced off to school after chugging down two cups of coffee. I was exhausted from my lack of sleep the night before. Not only did I go to bed at a late hour and cry myself to sleep, I tossed and turned all night.
In my classes, not only was I working on the course work that week; I had to catch up on last week’s assignments as well. It was going to be a long week of homework and studying.
I couldn’t relax after school. I had to rush straight to work that day. Once I arrived at Ancient Love Antiques, I walked in speedily past Colton and into the bathroom to change into my work clothes. Once I was dressed and ready, I walked out to the register and logged into the computer.
“Hi Harmony!” Colton yelled from the corner of the store.
“Hey Colton, how are you?”
“I’m good girl, how are you? I’m glad to see you back at work. I missed you.”
“Missed you too!” I said, out of breath.
“I didn’t even see you come in.”
“Oh I rushed in to change real quick, but you were busy messing with that table lamp over there, so I didn’t want to interrupt.”
“No worries. So how are things?”
“Ok. Hanging in there. I’m happy to be on my own and out of my old relationship. I have my moments when I miss having someone there all the time. But I remind myself that just because someone was there, doesn’t mean it was pleasant.”
“That’s true. I’m here for you if you ever need to talk. You know that.”
“I do, thanks Colton.”
He nodded and crossed his arms. “So did you call Echo?” Colton smirked.
“Yes,” I smiled instantly.
“You saw him!” He screeched.
“How do you know these things?” I yelped.
“I have my ways. How was it?”
“Good,” I smiled, and I felt my cheeks turn beet red. “Really good until I kind of rejected him. But we’ve agreed to just be friends. I don’t want anything more right now. It’s way too soon.”
“Tell me everything.” Colton skipped over to the register and rested his arm on the desk and placed his face on his hand. “I’m ready. I want every detail,” he mentioned excitedly. “Oh wait, how much happened last night?”
“Hold your horses there cowboy, I’ll tell you all the details,” I laughed.
The bell above the door rang and two customers walked in.
“I guess it’ll have to wait.” Colton said as he started walking towards the customers. “Welcome to Ancient Love Antiques, may I help you find anything today?”
“My daughter wants a vintage table lamp for her newly decorated room,” the beautiful, blonde haired mom said as she swung her long hair to the side.
“Well, I have just the perfect one for you. We just received it. Let me show you.” Colton walked them over to the corner where he had placed the table lamp earlier.
“Oh Mom, it’s perfect. Can I have it? Please?” The daughter pleaded.
“How much is it?” The mom asked Colton.
“This one is Forty dollars.”
“I’ll take it. Anything for my daughter,” she gazed at her daughter lovingly.
“Thanks Mom.”
“Hi there, how are you today?” I asked as the mom approached the front desk with the lamp in hand.”
“Great thank you, and you?”
“Wonderful, thanks. It’ll be forty dollars even please.”
“Forty dollars even,” she handed me two twenty dollar bills, “here you are.”
“Thank you so much. Let me wrap this up for you.”
“Mom, are we going to see Echo now?”
“Yes honey, one second.”
Echo? That Echo-the one I know? I can’t imagine they’re talking about someone else with the same unique name.
“Echo? I have a friend named Echo. He goes to SOU.” I stated. “Is that the Echo you’re talking about?”
“Really, yes, well,” as the Mom began to explain, her phone rang, and she frantically fumbled through her purse to retrieve it. “I’m so sorry, I have to take this. Thank you so much! Take care!”
“You’re welcome, thanks for stopping by,” I said with a very confused look on my face.
“Hello. Hi hon. Yes, we’re on our way. Come on sweetie.” The Mom stated and she and her daughter walked out the door.
“You alright there? You look a little pale. You need some water?”
“Umm… no, I’m fine.” I stood there puzzled. I wasn’t sure what to make of what I’d just heard, or didn’t hear for that matter. How do they know Echo? My mind started creating all different scenarios. Could he be dating someone? Does he have a daughter? Was that his wife? My heart sank a little. I wasn’t sure how to feel. I just felt hurt and confused.
“You sure?” Colton asked again.
“Ya, that was just weird. The daughter wanted to see Echo and her mom said they were going to see him soon. Then I mentioned that I know an Echo that goes to SOU, and asked if he was the same person she was talking about, and I think she said yes.”
“You think she said yes?”
“Now I’m not so sure. But who is she?”
“Don’t worry about it, I’m sure it’s nothing serious.”
“But the little girl asked to see him, and she kind of has similar features to him.”
“Ok, Harmony, you are looking way into this. After all, aren’t you two just friends?” Colton put his hands in the air and made quotation signals with his fingers.
I chuckled, “Ok you’re right, I guess we are just friends.” I couldn’t hide my smile that perched upwards every time I talked about Echo.
“Spill it!”
“Spill what?”
“All the details! What was in that box that was so exciting?”
“Well, it wasn’t just the box,” I grinned.
Colton smacked his hand on the table jokingly, “What happened last night?”
I grinned, “So in the box he had given me the Lotus clay bowl that he had bought from here.”
“Aw, really? That was your favorite!”
“I know,” I blushed, “I love that bowl. It’s so pretty.”
“And?” Colton was eager for me to continue giving him some gossip.
“Oh yeah, and then I called him and thanked him. Long story short, he picked me up and we took a really nice, long walk at Lithia Park.”
“Ooh, how romantic. Proceed!” He demanded. Colton was now completely enthralled with the story.
“Yes, and afterwards he took me to his Dad’s place and we looked at stars and galaxies in a huge telescope,” I wasn’t giving any juicy details just yet. “Oh yeah, then we had S’mores in front of the cozy fireplace.” I stood there innocently, acting as if I had finished telling Colton about my night with Echo. “Oh, then he took me home.”
Colton squinted his eyes and grinned, “You kissed him!” He screamed.
“What, no!” I couldn’t help but giggle. “Oh alright. How could you tell?”
“Girl, I can smell the love all around you. You’re such an open book.” He waved his fingers all around me.
“I’m that obvious huh?”
“Just a little.”
I grunted.
“So?” Colton paused for a moment, “Was he a good kisser?”
I bit my lip excitedly. “Good is an understatement.” I yelped.
Colton put his hand up in the air to give me a high five. “That’s my girl. You are so lucky, he’s pretty hot.”
I laughed hysterically, “No, no, it’s not like that. We are just friends.”
“Right, keeping telling yourself that. I’m sure he was thinking the same thing when he had his tongue down your throat.” Colton suggested jokingly.
“Colton!” I fired back, unable to hide my large smile, “You are so bad.”
We both laughed like crazy.
“No really though Colton, I think we are really trying to stay friends.”
Colton began to crack up.
I couldn’t help but laugh with him, but I tried to control myself. “Well, the night ended kind of weird because he accidently, indirectly, almost said the ‘L’ word, and I think he got scared. It’s just too soon. I’m not ready to date or throw myself into a relationship just yet.”
“The ‘L’ word huh? Wow, maybe it wasn’t such an accident.”
“That’s not how he acted. He said he got carried away. But the worst part is, that I told him it was too soon for me and I wanted to just be friends.”
“Harmony!” Colton screeched.
I placed my hands over my head, “I know, I didn’t want to make him feel worse or hurt his feelings but I just didn’t know what to say. Plus, I didn’t want to ruin our new friendship.”
“Well, if it doesn’t feel like the right time, than you should do whatever feels right. I like this one though! He’s definitely a keeper. And if he’s not the one, he’s definitely a good one to keep around, at least as a friend.”
I nodded in agreement, “True. I agree!”
The telephone rang and I looked to Colton to decide who should answer it.
“It’s all you Harmony.”
“Thank you for calling Ancient Love Antiques, this is Harmony, may I help you?”
“Harmony, hi. It’s uh,” he hesitated, “It’s Echo.”
My heart skipped a beat, “Hi Echo!” I uttered happily.
“Um… I heard that,” but before he could finish his sentence, the phone started breaking up.
“Hello? Echo, are you there?”
There was still static, and then I heard a woman’s voice say, “Who’s that?” Then more static. My heart sank. Had my fears come true? Was that the same woman from the store? If so, was that woman in some type of relationship with Echo?
Eventually, the phone disconnected.
“What happened?” Colton wondered.
“I don’t know, the phone was cutting out. But, I heard that woman in the background.”
“Do you think it’s the same one?”
“Well, that would make sense. Oh well, looks like yesterday meant nothing anyway. But what do I care, we’re only friends.” I wasn’t sure whom I was trying to convince, Colton or myself.
“You okay?” Colton asked sincerely and placed his hand on my shoulder.
“Yes, of course, I’m fine. I mean, it’s not like we’re dating or anything. So what if he’s seeing someone else.”
More customers walked in at that moment.
“Come on girly, take your mind off of it. Let’s talk later ok?” He whispered.
“Sure,” I said with a half smile.
Colton and I could barely keep up with the customers for the rest of our shifts. We were slammed with customers left and right, and the phone kept ringing off the hook. We were so busy we had to let most of the phone calls ring and go to voicemail.
After an exhausting day of selling and talking, I was beat. I rested my head against the counter as Colton began locking up the shop.
“Alright Colton, should I close up the register?”
“Yes, please,” He paused and placed his hand in the air, “you know what? Actually, I forgot that I have check inventory really quick. Aunt Zelda wanted me to do that before she gets here tomorrow. Plus, I have to check the voicemails. So, I can just take care of the register after I check inventory.”
“Oh, well I can stay and help.”
“No. You need to go home and get some rest. You need it.” Colton smiled.
“I really don’t mind.”
“I know you don’t, but I don’t have to be to work tomorrow until really late, so it’s no bother at all for me. Now go, before I fire you.” He laughed.
“You can’t do that.” I whined.
“Watch me!” He tried to stand up straight and look very serious.
I laughed, “Ok boss.” I grabbed my coat and purse, and change of clothes. “I’ll see you soon. Have a good night.”
“You too friend.” Colton waved.
I ran out to my car, freezing as the wind blazed past me. It was especially windy that night, cutting through me like a knife. I could hear the air howling as it swirled around.
I drove home with the heater turned on high and the radio blasting. I moved my head to the rhythmic sounds of the music, but somehow couldn’t divert my focus from Echo and that blonde woman. I wondered whom she was and what her relationship was to Echo. If anything, I was just hurt because he said so many sweet things to me and was very romantic, and then I found out that he’s possibly in a relationship. I felt used. I knew I shouldn’t assume anything about Echo and that woman, but it was plainly obvious that something was going on between them.
I whipped my head around and blasted the music even more, thinking the music could drown my thoughts. As I pulled into my gate, I screeched around and parked abruptly in my parking spot. I shot up out of my seat and slammed the car door shut, and walked hurriedly to my front door. But halfway there, I realized, I’d forgotten my purse and phone on the passenger seat.
I turned around and walked back to the car. I was becoming a little creeped out by the dark, cold night. I could hear Owls howling and the leaves rustling with the frigid, whistling wind. I fumbled with my keys and opened my car door, reached over to the passenger side and swooped up my purse and my phone as fast as I could. Then with quickness, I began to walk towards the front door again.
My loud phone rang, and almost scared the life out of me. I instantly answered it without even thinking.
“Hello?” I breathed quietly.
“Harmony is everything alright?”
“Oh, hey Colton, you scared me. What’s up?” I stopped walking for a moment to hear him. The phone connection seemed a bit static.
“Hey, you forgot to pick up your schedule.”
“Oh, that’s alright, I’ll pick it up next time. When do I work again?”
“Thursday at one o’clock.”
I began to walk towards the door again. “That’s great. Thanks Col…” I heard a strange rustling, but this time, it didn’t sound like leaves. My heart began to pace fast, and I scurried my feet even faster.
“Harmony what’s wrong?”
“Wait…” Then, I stopped dead in my tracks. My body froze in mid walk. A voice trailed from a close distance; a voice I knew all too well.
“Hello Sunshine,” I heard in a low roar.
No, no! This can’t be happening.
“It’s been a while.” The voice whispered. “Miss me?” he slurred.
I was paralyzed. I couldn’t move my body or my lips to yell. I moved my eyes around, gasping, trying to figure out where the voice was coming from.
I looked towards my apartment door, only about 30 feet away from me now. I contemplated running towards the door. But then I saw a shadow. The dim light that shined above my apartment number gave me a glimpse of this shadow. I saw boots, muddy boots. Slowly, those boots slithered away from the wall and walked towards me.
I gasped, an expression of dread washed over my face.
“What, you’re not happy to see me?” He snarled.
“Taylor,” I shuddered. I could barely get the word out of my mouth.
“Get rid of them,” he pulled a Glock Pistol out and pointed at the phone and then at me.
I lifted my phone to my ear, “Colton, I have to go.” I muttered weakly. My voice shuddered as I spoke. My body shivered uncontrollably.
“Harmony, no. Wait. Did you say Tay…?”
But I didn’t wait for him to finish. I hung up. Taylor’s eyes were unnaturally bleak and empty. He had a frightening glare as he held that pistol up at me.
“Aw, come on. What kind of welcome is that?” He stood there right in front of me. His appearance disheveled and he was drunk as ever. He held a bottle of whisky in one hand and held his pistol in the other. I could smell the alcohol vaporizing off of him as he lurched closer to me.
“Look Taylor,” I threw my arms up in the air. “I thought we settled things amicably. I didn’t press charges, and I was pretty cordial with you when things ended. It could’ve been a lot worse.” I pleaded.
“Oh you think that was nice?” he screeched softly. His eyes beamed a dark, menacing stare.
“You treated me horribly, and I could’ve treated you horribly right back, but I decided to end the relationship on good terms. I didn’t want you coming back to seek revenge.” I cried.
He wore an ominous expression, and placed the pistol in his back pocket. “You see, that’s where you’re wrong. You did treat me poorly in my opinion. You were able to say goodbye just like that. No tears, no hugs. You just left. You were emotionless. Where was the love?”
Love? What love?
“Taylor, we didn’t have much of a relationship. You were out late all the time, and you know what, we grew apart. I’ve moved on and I think you should do the same.” I walked around him and headed towards my door quickly, hoping I could make it into my apartment.
But then, I heard his alcohol bottle crash onto the pavement and instantly he grabbed my coat and yanked me back towards him. “Get back here! I wasn’t finished talking to you!” His voice escalated to a loud holler.
I panicked, “Please Taylor!” I pleaded as my voice vibrated with terror.
“I think it’s time that you say goodbye the right way.” He hissed.
“What does that mean?” I cried.
He tightened his grip on my coat and proceeded to drag me to my apartment. He slammed the door open, “I took the liberty of letting myself in while you were gone. Hope you don’t mind.”
“Please Taylor, you’re not thinking straight. You’re drunk. You’ll regret this tomorrow. Please,” I begged.
He slammed the front door shut, threw me onto the ground and stood over me. “Shut up and save it.” My purse fell on the floor, and all of my personal belongings scattered all over.
“How did you find me?” I stuttered.
“I’m a cop. You really thought you could hide from me?”
“I didn’t know I had to.” I wailed.
His lips lifted into an evil grin, “Harmony, Harmony, Harmony,” he said as he reached into his jacket and pulled out a pair of black leather gloves. He slipped the gloves onto his hands. “You know? You were always pretty naïve.”
“Why are you doing this?” I howled.
“Why?” He looked at me baffled, as if I was supposed to know the answer. “Let’s see. I dedicated how much time and money to you, and you just walk out on me. You never even gave it up.”
“Gave it up?” I asked nervously. “Taylor, please, what are you going to do? I can make this better. Do you want money?”
“For starters you can shut the FUCK UP!” He reached into his black bag that was laid out on the floor next to the door. He pulled out a piece of tape and handcuffs.
“No!” I shot up as fast as I could and turned to run into my bedroom. He pulled my hair from behind and kicked my back. The wind was knocked out of me and I fell forward. I felt dazed and in pain. Suddenly he kicked me flat onto the ground with his foot. My face was planted on the carpet. I could feel him kneel down and he grabbed both of my arms, and then he handcuffed me.
I began to cry, “Taylor, please don’t do this. Please.”
He kicked my side to flip me over so I faced him. I grunted in pain. He reached down and placed duck tape over my mouth. I shook my head in terror and screeched as loud as I could, with the tape covering my lips. He took a pack of cigarettes out of the inside of his jacket pocket and popped one into his mouth. He lit the cigarette and threw the lighter on the floor.
He grinned, “You want one baby?” He asked in a disturbing voice. “Oh that’s right, you can’t talk right now.” He chuckled wickedly.
Tears flowed down my face. I was abashed and petrified out of my mind. The feeling of impending doom lingered in the air. I looked over to my right and saw my phone vibrating with a call from work. Surely it was Colton worried for me. I had to reach it. I looked over at Taylor who was still smoking his cigarette and now sifting through his black bag. I used all my strength to scoot over to my phone as quietly as I could, attempting to not make even a hint of a sound. I was almost there. I looked back at Taylor again. He was mumbling about not finding something, and rummaging like mad through his bag. I slithered my body once more and I finally was face to face with my phone. I used my nose to answer the call. But before I could use my throat to screech as loudly as I could into the phone, Taylor’s muddy boot kicked my phone away from my reach. My heart sank in that moment. The inkling of hope that I possessed a minute ago was gone.
“What the hell do you think you’re doing? Don’t get anymore stupid ideas!” Taylor grabbed me by the waist and lifted me onto the couch. He picked the cigarette out of his mouth and threw it across the room. He then reached in his back pocket and whipped his pistol around and pointed it in my face.
I shook my head in horror and moaned loudly.
“Shut up! Shut up! Hey! Shut up!”
I started to hyperventilate.
“I’m going to take this tape off of your mouth, and you’re not going to scream, ok?”
My eyes were wide open, and I couldn’t even make any other expression besides complete panic.
“I said, OK?” His eyes widened.
I nodded.
He ripped the tape off of me and threw it on the ground. He took his left hand and caressed my face. “Good girl.”
I thought my heart was going to explode from my high blood pressure. I wept, mortified of what he was about to do.
“Oh don’t cry. This will all be over soon. Don’t worry, you’re gonna like it.” He said sadistically.
He slowly moved his hand down my chest and began to feel around my bosom. He placed his pistol down on the couch, grasped my shirt, and ripped it in half. I lay there with my bra exposed, my shirt ripped in half, and my jacket still covering my arms. I lunched forward to try and get up but he just pushed me down harder.
“I like it when you fight.” He laughed an evil laugh. He bit my neck and licked his way down to my breasts. I cried hysterically and screeched. “Hey! What did I say?” This time I was staring right down the barrel of his black pistol. It was barely touching my face.
I instantly quieted down. He proceeded to unbutton my pants, and set his pistol down again so that he could remove them from my hips. As he reached into my pants to pull them down, I was able to kick my leg as hard as I could right into his scrotum.
He shrieked in pain. With his head tilted towards the floor, I bent my knee and kicked his chest with all my strength.
He squealed again. “You bitch!” I was able to run around him, and reach the doorknob. But before I could run out the door, he took hold of my hands, still in handcuffs, and turned me around. “You don’t know me bitch. Who the fuck do you’re dealing with?”
“Please Taylor, just leave. Please, leave me alone, and I promise I won’t tell anyone about what happened.” I pleaded.
He reached for my pants again and I struggled to move away from him, trying to wiggle my hips out of his grasp. I couldn’t gain any sort of control with my hands still in handcuffs. I tried to kick him once more, but this time, he expected it, and flung backwards. I could see his mood shift now. There were no more games, and no more chances. Whatever little empathy he possessed before this moment, it faded away into nonexistence. His eyes exemplified the true meaning of vacuity. He was empty inside. Who was this person that I thought I once knew?
He roared and with a swing of his arm, he punched me right in the face. I felt myself fall over my coffee table as my head jolted forward and smacked the floor. My Lotus bowl flew in the air and landed on the floor next to my face, shattered into pieces. I felt another blow to the back of my head. The lights around me started to dim. Slowly, the darkness washed over my eyes like a blanket.
I couldn’t hear anything anymore. I felt no pain, just peace. In that moment, I saw a glimmer in the distance. A bright yellow, glistening light that radiated warmth like the sun on a perfect summer day. The ball of light gently grew larger and larger, until all the darkness faded away. There was a sense of placidity in this place.
I saw a woman walking towards me. As she approached closer I could see her warm, beautiful smile. She looked somewhat familiar. I felt safe and secure with her around. She stopped right in front of me and looked at me with loving and sincere eyes.
“Hello my dear,” she whispered softly, “it has been a long time my sweet Zahra.”
“Who’s Zahra,” I asked.
“That’s alright dear, you will understand someday.” Her beautiful eyes sparkled and her dark hair gleamed different shades of brown. “I’m so sorry I didn’t listen to you. I want you to know, that I love you more than anything in this universe.”
“Thank you,” I smiled.
“You’re going to be okay,” she reassured me, “you’ve found each other. After all these centuries, you’ve finally found each other. Be happy my daughter. Just be happy.” She kissed me on my cheek. Her warm lips sent a shot of love and contentment through my veins.
I smiled at her lovingly. I felt connected to her.
“You need to go back now. I know it’s unsettling to go back, but you’ll be okay, I promise. You must go back. He’ll be waiting for you.”
“I don’t know if I can.”
“You must dear, you must.” I saw her hands hold mine, and the vast space that we were in began to pulsate.
“What’s happening?” I yelped.
She looked into my eyes. “Do not worry my dearest, you will be fine.”
I felt myself drifting further and further away from her. Her voice now a soft whisper.
I didn’t want to lose sight of her. “What is your name?” I asked as the darkness began to creep from all corners.
“My name… is Isis.” With those last words, she had completely dissipated and the blackness zapped every inch of light that was left.
My eyes shot open and I choked, trying to catch a few breaths. I wheezed back into existence. Paramedics stood over me, and I could hear Taylor screaming outside.
“She’s back!” Yelled the paramedic hovering over me. “You’re back!” He smiled and gripped my shoulder. “Are you alright young lady?”
I tried to refocus as my vision had just returned. I took a minute to adjust my eyes and collect my thoughts, and responded, “As long as I never see that man ever again!”
“You won’t have to!” A familiar voice said sternly.
I looked up to see who was standing there. “Logan?” I whispered weakly.
“Hey Harmony. I’m really sorry about what happened tonight, and whatever happened in the past. I should’ve been a better cop. You have my word, he will never come near you, ever again!”
I nodded in relief as tears threatened my eyes.
“Harmony!” Colton ran in from behind Logan.
“Colton!” I was relieved to see my friend. “Did you call the cops?”
He looked down and smiled. “Yes.” He looked up at me with a tear trickling down his face. “I had a terrible feeling when you hung up. I had to…”
“Thank you friend!” I stated as tears began to flow effortlessly down my face. “You saved my life.”
“Actually, I think the person you should thank is him.” Colton gestured for someone to walk in the door.
I gasped, “Echo?” My voice was a faint whisper.
Echo looked at me from the doorway, his face filled with worry. “I’m so glad you’re alright Harmony!”
“How did you know to come?”
The paramedics began to put their tools away and placed a blanket over me.
“Colton called me. He told me he thought you were in trouble.”
“He actually got here before anyone else did. I called the cops after I called him.” Colton said proudly.
“He was the one who performed CPR until we got here.” The paramedic said.
“CPR?”
“Your heart stopped M’am.” The paramedic said apologetically.
“Oh my gosh.” I tried to catch my breath.
“Taylor was pacing back and forth in the kitchen when I got here. He was flipping out, and didn’t know what to do. He didn’t get in the way of me trying to help you.” Echo explained.
“He would have left me for dead.” I muttered sadly. I placed my hands over my face and sobbed.
Colton kneeled down next to me. “You’re okay now, and that’s the important thing. We’re all here for you.”
“We’re going to take you to the hospital now. We have to monitor you and make sure you are okay and everything is working properly. You had an unbelievable miracle tonight.”
I looked over at his nametag. “What do you mean Mr. Flynn?” I asked, still discombobulated.
“You were dead for 7 minutes. But somehow, your heart began to beat again. We don’t see that too often.”
Flynn and a few other men lifted me onto a gurney and proceeded to walk me out of the apartment. I tilted my head and looked over at Colton and Echo. “Thank you.” I placed my hand over my heart and smiled.
They both looked at me. I could see the look of relief on their faces. 


Chapter Thirty Seven

I was taken into an ambulance and driven to the E.R. Once they had placed me in my room, they ran a series of tests, to make sure that all of my organs were functioning properly. They tracked my brain waves to assure that I hadn’t acquired any brain damage from the incident.
My parents were notified of what was happening after I was placed in the hospital. The nurse was nice enough to make those important calls for me. My parents flew out the next day and were by my bedside for the three whole days until the test results were scheduled to come back.
On the third day, my parents sat there nervously by my side as the doctor walked in with his file and took a seat on a stool next to the bed.
“Hello Harmony, how are you feeling today?” Dr. Pierre asked.
“I’m doing well, thank you.” I responded, nervously awaiting the results of my tests.
“Mr. and Mrs. Maia, how are you holding up?” Dr. Pierre asked my parents.
“We’re alright. We’re hoping for some good news today doctor,” my dad said as he and my mom held hands.
“Well, normally, we wouldn’t have a patient remain in the hospital if they seemed to be functioning alright. But in your case, Harmony, we had to take every precaution because we’ve never had a patient that has come back after 7 minutes of her heart stopping. We checked all your organs, your brain activity, and everything else we possible could, and I’m happy to announce, that there is absolutely nothing wrong. You’re perfectly healthy and fine. I’m glad you’ve taken this time in the hospital to get some rest.” Dr. Pierre smiled genuinely.
“Oh thank you,” my dad stood up and shook Dr. Pierre’s hand. “Thank you so much Doctor.”
My mom began to weep. She walked over to me and held me tightly. “Thank goodness you’re alright.” She held my face in her arms. “I love you!”
“I love you too Mom!”
We all wept and hugged one another.
My mom picked up her phone and dialed a number. “Mom?” I heard her say. “She’s alright Mom. She’s alright.” Here she is. My mom handed me the phone.
“Hello?”
“Habibi, I wish I could be there with you. I’m so happy you’re okay. I’m so sorry this happened. I love you so much.”
“I love you too Nana! I miss you.”
“I miss you too habibi. I hope to see you soon.”
“Don’t worry Nana, I’ll try to make another trip out there very soon.”
“No problem Habibi. Anytime.”
“Talk to you soon Nana.”
“Bye bye habibi.” I handed the phone to my mom and she continued to talk with my grandma.
My dad placed his hand over mine, “I’m so sorry this happened to you bratee. I want to rip that guy’s head off.”
“I wonder what’s going to happen to him?”
“Well, you’ve been resting quite a bit these last few days so you haven’t been updated on the latest news. Last I heard on the news, the courts are making an example out of him. They stated that some police officers take their authority to a whole other level and gain this sense of entitlement. They’re really cracking down on the Police Force now, and are hoping to get him for attempted murder.”
“Oh my gosh.” I was shocked, but very relieved.
“Don’t worry honey. You will never have to see that low life piece of crap ever again. He can’t hurt you anymore.”
Suddenly, I felt a rush of solace envelope me. I began to sob.
“It’s been a rough week for you bratee. I’m so sorry. I promise you, it will only get better. He’s long gone.”
I nodded in agreement. “Thanks Dad.”
The nurse walked in with some paperwork. “Alright beautiful girl, are you ready to be discharged.”
I smiled. “Yes please.”
After all the necessary paperwork was filled out and signed, I was given permission to leave. My dad wheeled me out onto the curb, and my mom helped me up. The valet pulled the car up and my parents helped me into the backseat of their rental car.
“Oh, I’m so sore.” I moaned.
“That’s normal honey. It has been a rough week after all.” My mom said.
My parents’ voices murmured softly as they talked quietly among themselves in the front of the car. I found comfort in being in the presence of my parents and hearing their voices in the background as I drifted off into sleep. It didn’t take long for me to fall into a deep sleep.
“Harmony,” my mom’s soft voice whispered. “Harmony, are you ready sweetheart? You’re home.”
“Hmm…” I opened my eyes slowly and groaned. “Oh, yes. Yes Mom. Can you help me up?”
“Of course dear.” She wrapped her arm around me, lifted me up, and helped me out of the car.
“I’ll park the car. Be right in.” My dad said as we walked towards my apartment door.
My mom removed a set of keys from her purse and unlocked the door.
“Mom, is that a new lock?”
“It sure is sweetheart. The management company changed it for you.”
As my mom opened the door, the scent of lavender and vanilla cascaded out of my apartment and invigorated my senses.
“It smells so good in here,” I scanned the apartment, “and it looks amazing.” The apartment was freshly painted a creamy white color. There were yellow accents everywhere, from the drapes, to the kitchen table cover. On the kitchen table was a fresh lavender plant. There was new bright white carpet all over, and the tile was sparkling like it had been buffed clean. On the coffee table were vanilla orchids. Then I saw a glimpse of something next to the orchids. I peeked around to see what it was.
“My lotus bowl!” I picked it up and inspected it. “Mom, did you do all this?”
“Well, we all pitched in.”
“Who’s we?”
“Well, I cleaned the place up. Colton decorated the apartment. Your dad made sure that the management company changed your locks and set up an alarm system for you. And that,” she said as she pointed at the lotus bowl, “That was Echo’s gift to you. He worked on it for two days straight.”
My heart melted. I felt so much love all around me. A tear trickled down my face. “Thank you.” I held the lotus bowl close to me and looked at the new paint that was applied on it. The beautiful shades of purple, blue and white were so delicately painted on my lotus bowl. There wasn’t even any evidence that it had been shattered just days before.
Suddenly a feeling of dread washed over as I remembered what had happened in the apartment just days earlier. I held the lotus bowl tightly and bowed my head down. I was so overwhelmed with fear and anger. I couldn’t believe that I had ever dated someone so menacing without even knowing it. I wasn’t going to feel strange or lonely about the break-up any longer. That terrifying night reaffirmed to me that I made the right decision in leaving him. I wouldn’t allow myself to mourn for the death of our past relationship any longer. I would instead embrace the beautiful gift of life and the loving people I had around me.
“Alright, I’m back. Who’s hungry?” My dad waltzed in and closed the door.
I walked over to the both of them and placed one arm around my mom and one arm around my dad. “Thank you for everything,” I breathed.


Chapter Thirty Eight

My dad had gone to pick up a pizza for lunch. I freshened up while he was gone and my mom took a nap on the couch. I gently removed my clothes off of my bruised body. I cringed with each delicate movement from the pain. I was finally able to get in my own shower and stand under the warm, percolating water.
Once I was done, I dressed in my most comfortable yoga pants and a sweater. I walked out into the living room, only to find the pizza ready, and my parents’ waiting patiently for me.
“Oh, sorry. Did I take too long?”
“Not at all sweetheart, come on over. I made you a plate.” My mom said in a nurturing tone.
“I got your favorite, pepperoni and sausage with all the vegetables.” My dad stated proudly.
“Thanks Dad. Yum!” I exclaimed as I took a big bite out of my gooey and cheesy pizza.
I scarfed down two large pieces of pizza and sat on the couch satisfied.
I gazed around the room lazily, as my hunger had been completely satiated. I thought about Echo and Colton, and all they had done for me. “So you guys saw Colton and Echo while I was in the hospital?”
“They came to visit you in the hospital, but you were asleep. Your mom and I talked to them for quite a while. They are both very nice boys, and we owe them a lot for…” My dad choked up a little, “for saving your life…”
I got up off the couch. “Aw Dad, I’m ok now.” I sat next to him and held him.
“I know sweetheart, I know. I just don’t know what we would have done if…”
“I know.”
I saw my mom in the kitchen wiping tears off of her face. “You know, they are the ones that suggested we fix up your apartment. They wanted to do something special for you.”
“That’s so sweet of them.” I smiled.
“It sure is. You have made some really nice friends here.” My mom said proudly.
“I have. I’m very lucky. In fact, I want to call them and thank them.”
“I have a better idea. Why don’t you thank them in person?” My mom asked.
“What do you mean?”
“Well, invite them over.” My mom said enthusiastically.
“Oh really? You wouldn’t mind?”
“No, of course not. Why would we mind silly?”
“Well, I dunno. I thought you might want to spend quality time alone.”
“Yes, we love spending quality time with you, but we’ll be here all week, making sure you’re alright. I mean, if that’s alright with you?” She smiled a cheesy smile and shrugged her shoulders upwards.
“Sure. Of course.” I laughed. “In that case, I would love to see my friends. Thanks Mom.” I walked over to her and planted a kiss on her cheek. “Thank you too Dad. You guys are the best.”
My dad nodded and smiled.
“I’m going to walk outside and call them. I wanna get some fresh air.” I walked out the front door and inhaled deeply. The clean air entered through my body and cleansed my soul. I could hear the birds chirping loudly in the trees. The warm breeze swooshed past and around me. I had a flashback to those days on the warm sand in Oceanside, watching the waves flow towards the shore, and a sense of serenity that hung in the air. The dark cloud of negative energy that once followed close behind me was finally gone.
I dialed Colton’s number and waited for him to answer.
“Hello?”
“Colton, it’s me, Harmony.”
“Harmony!” His voice sounded more chipper. “Am I glad to hear from you. How are you?”
“I’m fine.” I laughed. “Everything is great. The doctor said that I am healthy and everything is okay. So they let me go and I’m home now.”
“That’s awesome! I’m so glad to hear that Harmony!”
“Thank you friend.” I said. “Colton, I saw all that you did in my apartment. Thank you so much. It’s absolutely beautiful.”
“No problem. You deserve that and so much more.”
“Thank you so much.” My eyes welled up with tears, and I began to choke up, “I can’t thank you enough for calling the police when you did. I will forever be grateful to you.”
“Harmony, it’s alright. I know that you would have done the same for me. Besides, the real hero is Echo.”
“It was nice that Echo was there. Thank you for calling him.”
“Harmony, I don’t know if they told you, but Echo saved your life. He brought you back to life.”
“He did? I didn’t know. I thought the paramedics did.”
“No, Echo performed CPR and got your heart to beat again. Then once the paramedics got there, they took over and finally woke you up. If Echo hadn’t been there...” He paused, “he didn’t give up, even after all those minutes past.”
I broke down into tears silently for a moment. “I didn’t know.” I took a deep breath. “I’m just so thankful to be here.”
“I’m glad you’re here too! Who else am I going to gossip with at work and talk about cute boys with?” He giggled.
I laughed, “I love you Colton, you’re the best.”
“I love you too friend!” He said happily.
I wiped the tears off of my face and cleared my throat, “I wanted to invite you over for dinner. My mom’s gonna make this Middle Eastern dish called Dolma. It’s stuffed grape leaves and veggies. It’s so good.”
“That sounds delicious. Count me in. When should I be there?”
“Can you make it around five?”
“Sounds great. Should I bring anything?”
“Just yourself.”
“Yes, yes, I will bring me.” He laughed. “I’ll see you then. Bye.”
“Bye.” I hung up the phone and smiled.
I prepared myself mentally to make the next call. I tried to recite exactly what I’d say and how I would thank him. I lifted my phone and dialed.
It rang only once, “Harmony?” The sweet sound of Echo’s voice sent chills through my body.
“Echo, hi,” I breathed.
“How are you?”
“I’m great. The Doctor released me today, he said that miraculously I was unaffected by my near death experience. Everything seems to be okay.”
I heard Echo breathe a sigh of relief, “I’m so happy to hear that Harmony.”
“Thank you.” I racked my brain, trying to think of what I had wanted to say, but I was drawing blanks. “Uh,” my throat tightened and I felt tears well up in my eyes again. “Echo, I don’t know how I could begin to thank you for what you did.” I murmured softly, desperately trying not to weep.
“Oh Harmony,” he whispered. “I’m just glad I was there. I don’t know what I would have done if…” He fell silent.
I regained some sort of control over my emotions, “I will be forever grateful to you.”
“I’m glad Colton called me. I’m just sorry I didn’t get there sooner.”
“That’s not your fault. You are such an amazing person and friend. I’m so lucky to have you in my life.”
“I’m lucky to have you too Harmony,” he said softly. “Now, please, don’t ever scare me like that again,” his tone became playful.
I laughed and sniffled, “I’ll try not to.”
“Good,” he whispered. “Thank you.”
I leaned against the wall and blushed. “I wanted to invite you over tonight. I mean, if you want to. My mom’s making Dolma, this stuffed vegetable dish.”
“I would love to. Your parents are great. I got to know them a little bit while you were in the hospital.”
“That’s what they told me.” I paused. “Echo, I saw the Lotus bowl. It looks even better than it did before. Thank you. It was so nice of you to put that back together for me.”
“No worries. I had fun re-gluing it and painting it.”
“Well, thank you. You’re so sweet.” I recalled that blonde that I had me at the Antique shop. “Oh, and you’re welcome to bring your girlfriend if you’d like,” I said nervously, hoping it wasn’t true.
“Girlfriend?” He asked, baffled.
“That blonde girl. I met her at Ancient Love Antiques. She had a young girl with her.” I said nervously, hoping that my theory about their relationship was wrong. “She and her daughter talked about seeing you.”
Echo laughed. “Oh! That’s my sister and niece.”
I felt so embarrassed, but extremely relieved. I giggled, “Oh, I guess that would make sense, since she looked so much like you.”
“I would have told you if I was seeing someone. I wouldn’t have kept that from you.”
I felt my heart flutter with happiness. “I feel silly. I guess I shouldn’t make assumptions.”
“No worries. I would have loved for you to meet her but they were only visiting for a few days. They flew back to Minnesota.”
“Aw, maybe next time.”
“For sure. So what time are you having dinner?”
“Oh, right. At five, does that work for you?”
“That’s perfect for me. I’ll be there. See you then Harmony.”
“Bye Echo.” I waited for him to hang up.
I walked back inside and found my parents asleep on opposite ends of the couch. I crept in slowly and carefully shut the front door. I tiptoed to my bedroom and left the door ajar. I felt a little tired myself, so I opened up my windows to let the fresh breeze enter the room, and hopped into bed. The cool breeze circled the room and before I knew it, I felt myself drifting off into a relaxing, deep sleep.


Chapter Thirty Nine

I woke up to the clatter of dishes and the murmuring sound of the television in the living room. I rubbed my eyes and sat up in bed. I idly wobbled off the bed and moseyed towards my bedroom door, which was now shut. I opened it and instantly I could smell the Dolma’s aroma.
“Good morning honey!” My mom said jokingly.
“Hi Mom! It smells so good in here. Did you already start cooking the Dolma? I was supposed to help you buy the stuff and make it.”
“Don’t worry about it hon, your dad and I woke up from our nap a few hours ago and saw that you were sleeping, and we didn’t want to wake you. You need to catch up on your rest. Do you feel rested?”
“Ya, I feel great. Thanks for making the food Mom, I really appreciate it. I think I’ll make some coffee real quick and then get ready. What time is it?”
“It’s 4:40 hon. I think your guest should be arriving soon.” My dad answered from the couch.
“4:40!” I shrieked. “Oh my gosh, why did I sleep for so long. Mom you should have awakened me.”
“Sorry dear, I didn’t want to interrupt your sleep.”
“No time for coffee now. I’ve got to get ready.” I raced to my bedroom and slammed the door behind me. I rummaged through my closet, looking for something comfortable but cute.
What to wear? What to wear?
I scoured through my hanging dresses and I stopped when I saw one that I knew would be perfect. I walked to my bathroom counter as I flung my clothes off of me. I reapplied my deodorant, then scurried back to the closet and slid the grey knit dress over my head. I pulled the long sleeves up just a little and adjusted the bottom, making sure it wasn’t too short for my dad’s liking.
I heard three knocks on the door. Oh no, I’m not ready yet.
I hurriedly pulled my makeup out from under the sink and applied some eyeliner to my top and bottom eyelid and brushed some bare lip-gloss over my lips. I took one good look at myself and did a 360 turn to view myself all around. I grabbed my perfume and sprayed it on my wrists and neck.
I walked to my bedroom door, held on to the doorknob, took a deep breath, and slowly turned the knob and walked out. Right near the front door was Colton. My parents were still greeting him and telling him how well put together he was. I was happy to see my friend, but still anticipated Echo’s arrival. My stomach twisted in excitement when I thought about him.
I smiled brightly and walked towards Colton. “Hi my friend,” I said with my arms wide open.
“There she is!” He wrapped his arms around me. “I’m so happy to see you up and about. You look great!”
“Why thank you! You don’t look too bad yourself. Although I’m sure you knew that.” I winked.
“Don’t hate me ‘cause I’m beautiful.”
We both bent over with laughter. My parents were eyeing us in confusion. They obviously didn’t understand our humor.
“Well, don’t just stand there, come on in, have a seat.” My mom insisted.
“Come on,” I grabbed Colton’s hand and sat next to him on the couch.
My mom worked in the kitchen some more and my dad plopped down in the chair next to us.
“Mom, don’t you want to sit down? You’ve been in the kitchen almost all day.” I whined.
“No, I’m fine honey, thank you. You know me. This is where I’m most comfortable.”
“Ok, if you say so.”
“I like what you’ve done with the place. It looks very summer-like. Where did you get such great taste?” Colton joked.
“Ha-ha-ha,” I muttered sarcastically. “I owe it all to you Mr. Interior Decorator.”
“Why, thank you. Maybe that’s what I should be doing.”
“You’d be great at it!”
“So Colton,” my dad interjected, trying to be part of the conversation. “Do you have a girlfriend?”
Colton and I looked at one another, and keeled over in laughter once again.
“What is going on with you two?” My mom laughed, “I feel like you are teenagers.”
“I’m sorry, it’s just,” I cleared my throat and tried to put my serious face on. “Isn’t it obvious?”
“What?” My dad asked.
“Mr. Maia, I’m gay.” Colton said nonchalantly, although, I could see a hint of worry in his face.
I have to admit I was a little nervous at how my dad would react to that. After all, he was very old school in his ways.
“Oh,” my Dad said seriously. “Well, good then.”
“Good,” I smiled and patted Colton’s leg, trying to maintain my laughter.
“Well, you know,” my dad said, now intrigued, “my Uncle Samir was gay. I didn’t know until I was in my early twenties. He sat me down and explained to me how he felt about it and why he had to hide it from the rest of the family. It was a great hardship for him to live in secrecy. Good for you for not being afraid to be yourself. That’s what’s great about America.”
“Thank you sir, that means a lot.”
“I never knew that Dad.”
“Well, that’s because I never told anyone. Not even your mother.”
“Well, I kind of knew when I had met him dear.” My mom yelled from the kitchen.
“How did you know?” He asked.
“Honey, it was obvious.”
My dad looked at us and shrugged his shoulders, “I guess I’m just not good at spotting these things. Hence the confusion here.” He pointed at Colton.
“No worries, sir.” Colton smiled.
I had learned more and more about my dad every day. I realized that after I had moved out of the house, it seemed as though my relationship with my dad had become more like a friendship. He was more open about his thoughts and feelings with me, and took time to discuss adult matters. Not to mention the fact that he was much more open-minded than I could have ever imagined.
I was enveloped in my thoughts, when suddenly I heard two knocks at the front door. I gasped. “Oh, that must be Echo, I’ll get it.”
I took a deep breath quietly, hoping that no one would notice my nerves. I shot up off of the couch and pulled down my dress. As I walked towards the door I felt a rush of excitement wash over me. I couldn’t wait to open that door. As I stood there with my hand on the knob, I took one last deep breath, whisked my hair away from my face and floated the door open.
My eyes caught his. Echo stood there in his deep colored designer jeans and dark grey shirt. I could see his chiseled abs popping through the thick material of his shirt, covered slightly by his black blazer. He was the hottest man I had ever seen. I gazed into his eyes, and felt a zap of adrenaline as his eyes pierced mine like a needle into fabric. I couldn’t release my gaze away from his electric eyes. They were fascinatingly inviting. I could see his luscious lips turn upwards into a smile as soon as he saw me. I felt our bodies connect through some invisible magnetic current.
Then, slowly I moved my lips, “Hi.” That’s all that would exit my mouth at that time. I couldn’t focus on speaking, just looking and feeling, and smelling. As he moved closer to me I could smell that tantalizing aroma that emanated from him. It was woodsy and sweet, and alluring. No one had ever smelled so good to me.
He moved in even closer and wrapped his arms around me like a warm blanket. He tilted his head towards my ear. I could feel his breath on my neck. “Hello beautiful, I’m so glad you’re alright,” he whispered softly; so softly that no one heard but me. It sent shivers down my spine, and my legs felt limp. He had such a power over me, but not a power that you would describe as negative or controlling. More like a power that infected me, that shot through my veins and turned my world upside down. A power so strong in its intent, that it made everything else in life so miniscule.
I breathed in, and held my breath. I didn’t want to let him go, but I knew I had to. He released his hold, and as he did, his hand brushed mine, and he lightly caressed my palm with his fingers, and let go. My heart skipped a beat.
“Come on in, Echo.” I said leisurely, trying to compose my feelings.
“Thank you. Hi everyone.” He waved his arms around the room.
“Hey Echo, what’s going on man!” Colton got up and shook his hand.
“Hi Echo, it’s so nice to see you again!” My dad said as he gripped Echo’s hand tightly.
“Nice to see you too Mr. Maia. That’s a strong grip there.”
“Thank you, you too!” He said as he released Echo’s hand.
My dad loved to show how manly he was.
“Echo,” My mom wiped her hands on her apron and walked out of the kitchen. She opened her arms as wide as she could and kissed both of his cheeks and gave him a hug. “So nice of you to come. It’s good to see you again. You look great.”
“Thank you Mrs. Maia, you look very beautiful yourself.”
“Oh,” my mom touched her hair and giggled, “you think so?”
“Absolutely! Thank you so much for having me over. It smells amazing in here.”
“Of course. Come on everyone, please, have a seat at the table. I’ll bring an extra chair from the patio.” My mom offered.
We all found our seats at the table as my mom came rushing in with another chair. She placed it right next to my dad and sat down. I sat between Echo and Colton. My mom had already prepared our plates with the Dolma. Each plate had stuffed grape leaves, onions, cabbage, zucchini, hot peppers and a side salad. The scent was absolutely delectable. I bit into a grape leaf right away and savored the flavor of the scrumptious rice and beef that were seasoned with my mom’s homemade Middle Eastern spices.
“Oh, I forgot drinks, what would everyone like?”
“Mom, don’t worry, I’ll get the drinks.” I walked over to the fridge and pulled out a two-liter of soda and some milk and a few water bottles.
“Milk anyone?” I asked as I held the milk up.
“Ooh, yes please. I’d love milk with my dinner,” Colton said with a mouthful.
“Soda?”
“Yes please,” Echo raised his finger and smiled.
“Here you are,” I poured some soda and milk into cups and handed them to Colton and Echo.
I put the soda and milk away and grabbed three bottles of water for my mom, dad and me.
As I joined the crew I noticed everyone’s heads were down munching on their food, everyone except Echo. I saw him from the corner of me eye, glancing over at me, but when I turned to look at him, he turned his gaze to his food.
There was an unsaid tension between the two of us; one that we chose to ignore for the time being. I wanted to jump into his arms and never let go, but my head was telling me no. I needed time. Time from all the chaotic mess that just occurred in my life. Besides, I was unsure what my feelings for Echo truly meant. He had been my hero that saved me from my bad nemesis, and the hero that saved my life. Was that why I had feelings for him? Did I feel indebted to him somehow? Or was it more than that? I didn’t want to confuse appreciation and obligation with real, raw feelings. Too much had happened in the recent past. I needed time to sort it all out.
As we finished dinner, Echo and Colton were the ones who stood up first to help clean up. My mom was impressed with their chivalry. Although she was a control freak when it came to the kitchen, she allowed them to take over and clean up after dinner.
The boys wouldn’t let me touch a thing. They insisted on doing it all by themselves. So in the mean time, I brought out a game of MadGab and set it up on the coffee table. After everything in the kitchen was put away, Colton and Echo came over to the living room to join us for the game.
“You all go ahead and play. I’m going to make some tea and get some baklava out.” My mom insisted.
“You sure Mom, we could all take turns?”
“I’m sure honey. Go on ahead, please.”
“Ok if you insist.” I looked over at my dad who was leaning forward and reading the directions for the game. “Do you see how it works Dad?”
“So, I read what the card says, and I have to guess what it really means?”
I chuckled, “I know it sounds a little complicated, but I promise it’s very easy. We need partners. How should we pair up?”
“What do you think Colton? You want to partner with this old man?” My dad asked.
“Sure Mr. Maia, let’s win this thing.” They high fived and Colton joined my father on the couch.
“Ok, that means you and me Echo.” I was ecstatic on the inside, but tried not to display it on the outside.
“We can win this!” He said, as he raised his eyebrow and perked a small grin.
We chose the first team to begin by rolling the dice. Whichever person would get the highest number when rolling the dice, their team would go first. The winner was my dad, so he and Colton started off the game.
My dad pulled three cards and one by one began to show them to Colton.
“Prit-eee-woo-man? Prit-ee-woo-man?” Colton repeated.
“Yes, yes, you’re saying it.” My dad said excitedly.
“I don’t know what I’m saying,” Colton fired back anxiously, and kept repeating the same thing over and over again.
I covered my mouth with my hand and contained my laughter, but only for a moment before my voice exploded into loud guffaws.
“Haha Harmony.” Colton shot an irritated glance at me.
“Sorry,” I giggled.
“I got it! Pretty Woman!”
“Oops, times up! You only got one.” Echo kept score on a little notepad.
“Really? That’s all right! That was a good first run Mr. Maia.” He offered a high five.
“Ok, would you like me to read?” I asked Echo.
Echo responded quickly, “Yes, sounds great.” I could tell he didn’t want to be stuck sounding like a broken record like Colton had sounded just a minute ago.
“Ready?” He waited for me to nod. “Here we go!” He showed me the first card.
“Seer-micks-earl-ought, seer-micks-earl-ought, seer-micks-earl-ought. Sir Mix a lot!”
“Good one, next.” Echo flipped to the next card.
“Peen-yuck-olada. Peen-yuck-olada. Peen-yuck-olada. Peen-yuc… Oh! Pina Colada!”
“Nice!” Echo screeched as he held the last card in front of me.
“Sand-uh-cloths. Sand-uh-cloths. Sand-uh-cloths.” I paused and closed my eyes. Then repeated it in my head, “Sand-uh-Cloths. That’s it! Santa Claus.”
“Yes!” Echo punched the air and held his hand high for a high five. I met him halfway, and we celebrated with woohoos!
The game went on for about ten more minutes. In an unexpected turn of events, my dad and Colton actually won the game. But Echo and I didn’t care, we were just happy working as a team. We’d share quick glances every now and again, making sure no one noticed.
After we were done with the game, my mom brought the tea and Baklava. Everyone enjoyed her homemade dessert and aromatic tea. She loved feeding people and keeping their bellies full. I’d never seen my parents engage in such fun with close friends of mine. It was nice to see what an effort they were making to get to know them.
It wasn’t long after the desert and tea that Echo and Colton decided to head out. My parents complimented Echo and Colton on their extremely respectable manners and wished them a good night. They’d decided to get a hotel for the week since there wasn’t much room in my apartment. My parents left to their hotel and I was left saying goodbye to Echo and Colton.
Colton looked at me and smiled, “You have some awesome parents! You’re a pretty lucky gal.”
“Thanks Colton, I couldn’t agree more. They really like you guys!” I looked at both him and Echo.
“I like them too!” Echo chimed in. He stood against the wall behind Colton with his hands in his pockets and one foot in front of the other. If I didn’t know any better, I’d say he was a model straight out of a Calvin Klein magazine. It should be a sin to be that good looking.
“Alright my good friend, I will see you tomorrow at work?” Colton asked sweetly.
“Sounds good, I will be there.”  I hugged Colton and opened the front door.
“Have a good night.” He began to walk out. “See you later man! Nice seeing you again.” He waved at Echo.
“Bye Colton, see you dude.”
I sighed at the end of a great night. I looked over at Echo who was leaning against the wall so poised right next to the door. He gave me a sweet grin and spoke softly, “I had a great time. Thank you for inviting me.”
My heart made a few leaps and bounds in my chest. I tilted my head to the side and smiled back, “Thank you for coming, and for everything. Really, I can’t thank you enough Echo.”
“Of course.” He breathed. “Will you be alright tonight? I know it’s your first night back home alone.”
“Yes, thank you. I’ll be fine. I feel safer than ever.”
“Good. Call me if you need anything, okay? Please.” He moved away from the wall and closer to me.
I breathed heavily as he moved in even closer, “I will, thank you.” I leaped forward and grasped his waist and he reciprocated the hug. “I appreciate you so much. It means a lot to me to have you in my life.”
“I feel the same way, Harmony.” He lessened his grip and whispered in my ear, “Goodnight beautiful,” and gently kissed my cheek. He pulled away and stared into my eyes. He smiled and winked. “Bye,” he whispered softly.
“Goodnight.”  As soon as he walked out that door, I felt a yearning for him. I felt alive when I was with him. I shut the door and locked it.
I began to turn off the lights when I heard two knocks at the door. That’s strange. I looked through the peephole and unlocked the door. The door creaked as I opened it.
“Echo.” I breathed.
“Hi. Did I forget my wallet?”
“Oh, uh, let me check.” I walked around the living room and saw a brown wallet lying on the floor next to the coffee table. “Here it is. It must have fallen out while we were playing the game.”
“I guess so. Here let me get it,” he said as he walked in again.
But I had reached for the wallet at the same time he’d decided to. As I grabbed the wallet, I looked up, only to find my face inches from his. “Here you go,” I said as I handed it to him, his body still hovering over mine as my body was still bent down.
I straightened up, my face still close enough to his; I could feel his breath on my face. We gazed into one another’s eyes.
His lips moved closer to mine. As his warm, lush lips barely brushed mine, he reversed. “I should go.” He looked over at me as if waiting for a response, but all I could do was nod.
I wasn’t sure what to do, but again I decided I just needed time to think and reevaluate things. I waved goodbye to him and closed the door again. I shrugged my shoulders.
I set the alarm, turned off all the lights, changed into my pajamas, and hopped into bed. For the first time in a long time, I finally felt at peace. Taylor - the negative energy that hovered in the background was finally out of the picture, and now I was just looking forward to a life of endless possibilities. I looked forward to a new beginning.


Chapter Forty

The months seemed to creep by without notice. I was almost to the end of my semester and summer was fast approaching. As the sun made its way through those infamous Oregon clouds more and more, the state became quite the tourist attraction. Work was the busiest I’d ever seen it. College was coming to a close, and finals were occupying a huge chunk of my brain at the moment.
The past few months had been a healing process for me. From the incidents with Taylor, to moving out, and the near death experience; I had given myself time to think about what I wanted out of life and to enjoy each moment for what it was. Every day I would wake up and recite everything I was grateful for in my life. I never wanted to take anything for granted ever again. I enjoyed being single and had learned to love it. In the past few months I had done some soul searching and had learned to love myself and rebuilt my self esteem. I knew when I began my process of healing that I would need to fully be happy on my own in order to be ready for another relationship. I wasn’t actively looking for a relationship, but I was finally at a place in my life in which I could at least entertain the thought of it.
Echo, Colton and I had remained great friends. When Colton wasn’t busy working constantly and going to school, and Echo wasn’t busy at SOU and his plays, we would get together and go to the movies, or have dinner together. Occasionally, we’d go for a game of laser tag or go on hikes or take day trips to neighboring cities. Echo’s friends joined us on many occasions when they weren’t busy as well. Echo’s life pretty much remained the same, especially in the girlfriend department; that is, no girlfriend. He and I had remained close friends but it hadn’t gone beyond that. He respected that I needed my time to grow on my own and I enjoyed that time to myself as well. Echo and I were able to nurture quite a close friendship, closer than I’ve ever experienced with anyone. He was very special to me and me to him.
Colton, on the other hand was also one of my best friends, but our relationship had a very different dynamic. We would go shopping together, and talk to one another about guys and fashion. I was able to sustain very different, yet very fulfilling relationships with my closest friends. In the last three months Colton had reconnected with an old friend from high school on Facebook. Little did he know that his friend had come out of the closet a year prior. While he wasn’t surprised to hear the news, it made sense that they were inseparable in high school. Like a match made in heaven, they had tried at a relationship, and have been going strong ever since. His boyfriend Kenny, moved in with Colton about a month after they began dating. Colton helped Kenny move all his belongings from San Francisco to Ashland. Colton and Kenny both wanted so much to move back to San Francisco together in the future, but for the time being, they decided to work on saving their money.
My parents had stayed a week after my hospital visit, and they headed back home to their lives. I hadn’t had the chance to visit them since because I’d been so busy with my life in Ashland. But they were just as busy themselves. My dad had been working a lot of overtime due to the recent layoffs of his fellow coworkers. He didn’t mind it too much though, in fact, he volunteered for most of the overtime in which he worked. He had always been a workaholic.
My grandma’s health had unfortunately taken a turn for the worst in the past few months. She needed a lot of help getting around and wasn’t able to take care of herself like she used to. I wished so much that I could see her, but my grandma insisted that I stay put and focus on my studies. She didn’t want anyone going out of his or her way for her. That’s my grandma for you! Needless to say, my mom was the one who took full responsibility of her mother while she was ill. She was at her side constantly. When she wasn’t at my grandma’s house, she was at home making doctor’s appointments for her or taking care of her bills. She hadn’t had a free moment in a while, and it was apparent that it was taking a toll on her. I knew that she wanted nothing else but for her mom to get better. That’s what we all wanted.
In an attempt to celebrate the ending semester of school and the coming of summer, a bunch of us friends, including Echo, Colton, Kenny, and extended friends, decided to take a trip to Sunset Bay State Park for the weekend. We were going to be staying at a campsite right near the beach. A few of Echo’s friends from SOU were able to borrow RV’s from their parents. Echo had planned on staying in one of the RV’s with his friends: Sadie, Cassidy, and Liam.  Colton and Kenny had a tent that Kenny had bought a while ago, and I had to purchase my own tent. I hadn’t been camping since I was a little girl. I knew it would be quite the adventure.  I was a little timid about staying all by myself in a small tent, but I was comforted in knowing that my friends were going to be right next to me.
I was scrambling to pack my belongings that Friday morning. I had finished school for the week, and Aunt Zelda was taking over at work for Colton and I that weekend. I managed to pack everything in a large duffle bag. I didn’t need much being out in the wilderness. Mainly I brought some warm clothes and a thick blanket for those cold breezy nights ahead. The entire group decided to meet at Southern Oregon University at noon. Once I packed my car with my duffle bag, tent, snacks and water, I made my way over to the gas station to fill up on gas. I hoped my car would make it on a full tank for the four-hour drive to Sunset Bay State Park.
I pulled up into the Southern Oregon University parking lot just as the clock reached twelve. I saw two RV’s and one car parked next to them. Everyone was outside of their vehicles talking and mingling. I parked right next to Colton and walked towards the group. The energy was lively and I could tell everyone was pumped about this mini vacation.
I walked behind Kenny and Colton and poked them both in the back with my index fingers. “Boo.”
“Hey, there you are! I was worried you’d changed you mind.” Colton said.
“No way, are you kidding? I’m in desperate need of a vacation. Finals are killing me. I’m tired of studying.”
“Tell me about it.” Colton sighed.
“Hi Kenny!”
“Hey Harmony! Don’t you look adorable?” Kenny smiled.
“Why thank you Kenny! You look great too! I love that pink scarf!” I admired.
“See, Colty, other people like it!” Kenny whined.
“Ken bear, I like it too, it’s just really bright that’s all.” Colton whined back.
“Ok, you guys are way too mushy for me right now!” I laughed.
I saw Echo standing next to one of the RV’s talking to his friends. I didn’t walk to say hello just yet. He hadn’t seen that I arrived. I noticed his friend Cassidy that was standing next to him kept flirting with him. I saw her hand brush his arm many times and she leaned into him whenever she laughed. I had met her many times before. She was nice and not to mention beautiful. I could always tell that she had a crush on Echo, but I never thought anything of it because he didn’t seem to reciprocate those feelings. This time would be different though, because they were staying in the same RV. I didn’t want it to bother me, but a part of me was jealous. They were both single and that meant that they were free to do whatever they pleased. I tried to put it out of my mind. I wanted to enjoy this trip. I had to keep reminding myself that Echo and I were just friends, and nothing would change that, and no one could come between that friendship.
I could still hear Colton and Kenny bickering in the background like an old married couple. I tuned them out. Suddenly I saw Echo look my way. He smiled at me and I smiled and waved. I couldn’t hide anymore so I walked over to him.
“Hi Echo!”
“Hi Harmony, I didn’t even see you come.”
“I just got here. How are you?” I hugged him.
“I’m good how are you?”
“Great!”
“Harmony you remember Sadie, Cassidy and Liam?”
“Yes, hi everyone.” I waved and looked at everyone. Sadie smiled and waved, Liam waved from the rear of the RV and Cassidy lifted her arm and said hello. I looked over at the other group next to them.
“Oh, those are some of Liam’s friends I told you about. Conner, Pratt, Mandy and Bucky.”
I waved at all of them as Echo screamed an introduction.
“I’m ready for this! I’m excited.” I said, trying to keep the conversation going.
“Are you going to be lonely all by yourself? I mean, everyone else has someone and you’re sleeping alone.” Cassidy bluntly pointed out.
I looked over at her. I was taken aback by her comment. I wasn’t sure if that was meant to make me feel bad or was just a true observation. I looked over at Echo who was waiting for me to respond.
“No, I’ll be fine. It’s an adventure!” I said confidently. “I brought my trustee flashlight just in case and bear burglars decide to break in.
Apparently Echo was the only one who thought my joke was funny as he laughed hysterically.
“Oh gosh, do you think we’ll see any bears or anything?” Cassidy directed her question towards Sadie.
“I hope not,” Sadie cried.
“That’s okay,” Cassidy said and wrapped her hands around Echo’s arm, “that’s why we have Echo to protect us!”
He looked over at me and shrugged his shoulders. I smirked and began to walk back to Colton and Kenny. “Alright guys, I guess I’d better get back to my car so we can all leave. Drive safe.”
“Hey guys,” I muttered as I walked past Colton and Kenny, “I’m gonna get back in the car now so I can be ready. I think we’re leaving soon.”
“Okay, thanks Harmony.” Kenny said in his soft voice.
“Hey Harmony?”
“Ya Colton?”
“Are you alright driving alone?”
“I’m fine doing things alone. What is with everyone worrying about me being alone?” I cried as I got into my car.
I could see Kenny punch Colton’s arm and Colton shrugged his shoulders. I definitely wasn’t upset with Colton. He had my best interest at heart. Maybe I just felt a little sensitive about the subject of being alone since people were making it their mission to point it out.
I noticed everyone getting in their respected vehicles so I started my ignition and turned on some music as I awaited our departure.
Then I heard a knock on my passenger window. I saw Echo standing there and rolled down the window.
“Hey, what are you doing?” I asked.
“Would you like some company?”
“Are you just asking because of what Cassidy said?”
“No, of course not. Pay no attention to her; she just likes to stir the pot. Besides, if I hear any more ongoing stories about her ex-boyfriend, I think I’ll get a migraine.”
“Alright,” I chuckled.“Come on in.”
“Thank you.” He hopped into my car and kissed me on the cheek. “You look very pretty today. I mean, you look pretty every day, but you look especially pretty today.”
“Really? I hardly have any makeup on and I’m in torn jeans and a tank top.” I looked myself up and down.
“You don’t need makeup, you’re naturally beautiful.” He said in a sweet, genuine tone.
I bit my lip and let a smirk form on my face. “Thanks Echo.” I said quietly.
I looked up and all the vehicles were heading out of the parking lot so I followed them out.
“Wait?”
“Huh?” I looked over at Echo.
“Would you like me to drive?”
“Oh, that would be great. I mean, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“No, of course I wouldn’t mind. Here let’s trade spots really quick before they’re all out of sight.”
I quickly stopped the car, stepped out and ran over to the passenger side as he got into the driver’s side.
“Here we go!” he stated as he followed everyone out of the parking lot.
It was nice to just sit back and let Echo do all the driving. I hadn’t driven to the coast before, and admittedly, it was nice to have some company, especially when that company was Echo. We listened to music the whole way. Echo would look my way every once in a while and smile. I kicked back and enjoyed the ride. I leaned my head against the headrest and just focused on the breathtaking Oregon scenery. The bright sun cast its warm rays on the rich, green trees and grass. Something about the landscape was so calming and serene.
Before I knew it, Echo was gently caressing my shoulder, “We’re here Harmony,” he whispered.
I was befuddled. “Huh? Already?”
I opened my eyes and saw Echo’s gentle expression. “You slept most of the way. You looked so relaxed.”
“I’m sorry Echo. I wasn’t great company.”
“Not at all, I enjoyed the drive. It was nice watching how you sleep.”
“Oh no,” I rubbed my eyes and yawned. “I hope I didn’t embarrass myself too bad.
“No, you’re cute when you sleep. You had this peaceful expression the whole time.”
I giggled and covered my face in embarrassment.
“Oh, we got company!” Echo pointed towards my passenger window.
But before I could turn my head I heard three loud knocks.
“Let’s get this party started,” Colton shouted as he opened my door. He dragged me out of the car and walked me to the trunk. “Come on, get your stuff, let’s set up the tents before it gets dark.”
I moaned. “But I’m so groggy, I just woke up.”
“No whining.” Colton chuckled.
“Alright, alright.” I sighed.
“Echo, come on, let’s get our stuff situated in the RV.” Cassidy shouted from about thirty feet away.
Echo opened the trunk for me and handed me the keys.
“Go ahead Echo. I think they need you.” I said nonchalantly.
“They can wait. I’ll help you set up your tent.”
“Echo, hey man, I could really use your help with these tables and chairs.” Liam yelled.
Echo rolled his eyes.
“Go. Honestly I’m fine.”
“Ok, I’ll be back.” He rushed over to the RV to help the others unload their things.
I grabbed my tent and walked over to where Colton and Kenny were setting up theirs.
“Ken bear, I need you to hold the other side please. Which direction do you want the door facing?” Colton said as he looked for the door opening.
“Um I don’t know. How about it face the others in camp?”
“Okay, I guess I’ll do that too.” I interjected.
I looked over at them to see how they were setting up their tent. I’d never set one up on my own before, so I was very confused on what to do. I removed the tent out of its box and moved it around on the ground, trying to figure out which part to grab. I looked for the door, and moved it so it faced the camp.
“What do I do next?” I asked Colton and Kenny.
Kenny replied, “Grab a stake and put it in the ground. Here, I’ll help you.”
“Awe, Ken bear, you’re so sweet.” Colton admired his boyfriend’s chivalry.
“Thanks Ken bear,” I joked.
“Silly nickname isn’t it?” Kenny whispered. “But he likes it, so I’m okay with it I guess.”
By the time Kenny helped me set up my tent, Colton had finished setting up theirs, and the other groups in their RV’s seemed as though they had all their tables and chairs set up as well.
I grabbed the rest of my stuff out of my trunk and placed it in the tent. A two-person tent sure seemed like a one-person tent once I had it all set up. I placed my pillow and blanket on one side and my bag on the other. I heard the group murmuring about going to the beach so I zipped my tent, and changed into my shorts. I wasn’t in the mood to wear my bikini.
“Alright everyone, let’s go to the beach!” A voice uttered loudly. I assumed it was Bucky, since he had a very strong southern accent. “Mandy and Pratt are gonna stay behind and prepare the dinner. That’s what they said anyway. They’re probably gonna make out or somethin’.”
“Shut up, Bucky,” I heard Mandy scream.
Bucky laughed and assumedly he ran away because his voice trailed off.
I unzipped the tent and walked out. I saw the entire group, besides Mandy and Pratt walking towards the beach.
I scurried to catch up to them.
“Oh hey girly, there you are. I didn’t know you were still back there.” Colton acted surprised.
“Ya, I was changing and setting up the tent.” I walked with my hands in my pockets next to Colton and Kenny who were holding hands. I saw Echo walking with Liam and Conner. Bucky was leading the crew, and he was bouncing around crazily like a chicken with his head cut off. Sadie and Cassidy walked behind all the boys as they had their arms wrapped around one another. They were giggling and whispering back and forth.
I felt at ease as I walked between the tall lush trees and felt the sunlight warm my skin. I could definitely live in a place like this forever. I saw an opening out of the trees, and as we approached closer to it, I saw the beach. It was so picturesque, with the waves crashing into the bright, sandy beach, and the towering cliffs nearby that looked so intimidating. Although, it was a little difficult to focus solely on the scenery when there were so many loud voices all around, nature still took center stage.
Sadie and Cassidy screamed their heads off in excitement as they took off their clothes and jumped into the ocean with their tiny bikinis. Bucky threw his shirt off and revealed his beer belly as he followed in. Conner and Liam both removed their shirts and ran in to join the rest of the crew. Colton and Kenny walked away from the group and held hands as they tip toed into the water, not allowing it to go above their knees.
I stood there just observing everyone as I sat on a warm rock. I watched as Echo slowly removed his shirt and threw it onto the sand with the other clothes. His shapely, ripped body was so eye catching; it was hard to look away. I watched as the girls gawked over him and cheered for him to join them in the ocean. He took a quick look over at me and smirked, then raced off into the waves and dove in.
The group screamed, laughed together, and splashed water at one another. It was only our group at the beach for about twenty minutes, and then a few guys, three to be exact, came wobbling over with beer cans in hand. They were extremely rowdy and drunk off their asses. They kicked the water as it splashed onto the shore.
“Hey there pretty girl.” At first I didn’t know they were talking to me, but when I realized there was no one else but me sitting there, I knew.
I looked their way. “Hi,” I said in a timid voice. They seemed to be in their mid twenties, all with a military haircut.
“What are you doing out here all alone?” Only the man in front spoke while the other two behind him kind of chuckled and nodded with every word he said.
“I’m not alone. My friends are right over there.” I pointed out the group.
“Yet you’re here in this corner all by yourself. Well, it’s just my lucky day. Why don’t you come join us for some drinks, eh?” His ash brown hair was disheveled and he stumbled as he tried to speak clearly.
“No thanks.” I stayed put on the rock. My body was beginning to tense up as he moved closer to me. I could smell the alcohol beaming off of him a mile away.
“Look at those sexy legs, damn girl you look good.”
I was beginning to become very uncomfortable. I shot up and walked away from them towards the group. But that didn’t stop them. They followed close behind.
“Come on pretty, don’t let me down. Come back with me.” He reached for my arm and pulled it towards him.
“Hey, let me go.” I screeched.
“What the hell is your problem, I’m just trying to talk to you.” He fired back.
“Hey! Get your hands off of her! NOW!” I flung my head around to look at the group and saw Echo racing out of the water. “I said NOW!”
“Damn dude, calm down.” The man said as he released my arm. “We were just trying to have a little fun.” He cocked his head to one side and shrugged his shoulders.
“Oh ya? Well you better take your fun somewhere else.” Echo said sternly.
“We’re walkin’. Settle down.” He threw his hands up in the air and walked off; his followers following close behind him.
Echo grabbed my hands gently. “Are you alright?”
“Yes, thank you. They’re just a bunch of stupid jerks who are drunk as hell.” I felt my heart flutter as I gazed in my protector’s eyes.
“You wanna come in? The water’s nice.”
“Sure, but only up to my thighs. I didn’t wear my bathing suit.”
“Sounds good.” He put his arm around my shoulder and led me to the water to join the group. Everyone was looking at me.
“I’m fine. Just some drunk guys messing around.” I immediately shouted in an attempt to divert the attention away from me as quickly as possible.
I kicked my legs around in the water, making sure it didn’t touch my shorts, but inevitably they did get a little wet. Echo jumped back in and swam around with the others. I looked over at Colton and Kenny who were still holding hands and walking around on the shore.
I took comfort in knowing that Echo was there looking out for me, as he always had. I stared at him as he flung his wet head around and combed his hair back with his hands. His eyes sparkled and his flawless skin gleamed. I saw brightness around him. But not a brightness that is visible to the naked eye. It was more like a feeling; like an aura that surrounded him. I couldn’t deny my feelings for him anymore, and I knew I couldn’t hide them for too long.  


Chapter Forty One

The group walked back to camp as the sun began to set. Darkness was fast approaching and when we got back to the campsite, we were all happy to see that there was already a fire started and all the food was laid out on the tables.
“Come and get it everyone!” Mandy shouted. She and Pratt sat next to one another, holding their hot dogs on sticks over the rising flames.
After I’d changed into my jeans and sweater, I’d joined the rest of the crew and cooked my hot dog over the fire. It was pitch black, with our only light sources being the stars, full moon, and the fire that burned in front of us. Everyone was chit chatting. All the boys discussed their past fantasy football teams, while the girls raved on about their summer plans. Colton and Kenny sat next to me discussing the Gay Pride parade they were going to attend next month. I sat there quietly, just listening to the murmurs of conversation that took place all around me. I’d always been an observer, just sitting back and taking in my surroundings.
After we’d all eaten, the group decided to walk together with flashlights in hand and hike one of the trails close by. Sadie had brought a bottle of Tequila for anyone who was interested in drinking with her. She passed it around to Cassidy, who passed it around to Liam, who then passed it around to Bucky, whom drank about one quarter of the bottle on his own.
“Geez, Bucky slow down,” Sadie prompted.
“Ain’t nothing can slow me down. Mmm, back home, I used to mix this stuff with Dixie Crystal. Whoo wee was that good, over ice of course. Y’all ever tried it?”
“Uh, no.” Sadie irritatingly grabbed the bottle back from Bucky and took another swig.
We found a trail that led us up to a flat grass patch, so a few of us decided to hang there and star gaze. Conner and Liam rested on the grass and took the bottle of Tequila for themselves since Sadie and Cassidy were already displaying their sloppy drunkenness. I rested on the grass, and watched for shooting stars. Kenny and Colton sat only a few feet away from me.
“Hey there. Are you looking for Andromeda?” Echo smirked.
“I hardly remember which direction to look. You’re the pro.” I complimented.
“Nah, I’m not…”
“Echo! Oh Eh-cho!” Cassidy slurred.
Echo turned his head to see who was calling him.
“Come with us, we’re gonna hike up the trail a little more. Sadie doesn’t feel like coming, and Pratt and Mandy are probably gonna make out the whole time.” Her words barely made it out of her mouth as she stumbled in place.
“Why does everyone keep saying that?” Mandy whined.
“Maybe we should prove them right!” Pratt stated with a hopeful look, like a puppy dog waiting for his treat.
“Shut up Pratt!” Mandy fired back at him.
“Baby, come on, you know you want me.”
“Argh!” Mandy whisked her head away from him in irritation.
“Echo please, I really want to check out the trail. Will you come?” Cassidy begged.
I sighed and looked at him, feeling pity for him, “Go on.”
He rolled his eyes, “I don’t want to,” he whispered.
“Just go with her Echo, she’s scared!” Sadie said, trying to help her friend.
I giggled and punched his leg, “You’d better go, Echo!” I whined, attempting to mock Cassidy’s drunken voice.
“Ya, ya.” Annoyed, Echo got up and walked to Cassidy. She wrapped her arm around his waist and held on to him as they followed Mandy and Pratt further into the trail.
I watched with wonder as shooting star after shooting star kept plummeting through the moonlit sky. I stared at the stars, which seemed to sparkle brightly then dim, like a candle. I tucked my arms into my sweater when the wind began to pick up. I sat up to see what everyone was up to. It had been about thirty minutes since Cassidy, Echo, Mandy and Pratt had gone on their walk. The rest of the group was still relaxing on the grass.
“Hey guys, I think I want to head back now,” Liam mentioned as he stood up.
“I’m right behind ya brother,” Bucky followed.
“Me too,” added Conner.
“Hey, don’t leave me here.” Sadie cried out.
I looked over at Kenny and Colton, “Are you guys going back?”
“I think we’ll stay a bit longer. The stars are so bright here.” Colton expressed.
“Okay, well I think I’ll go see what the rest of the group is up to. I’ll be back.” I stood up to walk the trail.
“Wait, you’re going alone to look for them?” Colton asked surprised.
“Ya, why?”
“Harmony, it’s really late. You can’t go by yourself. It’s dangerous!” Colton exclaimed with a worried look on his face.
“I’ll be fine.” I began to walk off.
“We’ll join you, right Kenny.”
“Aw, but I wanted….” Kenny whined.
“Right KENNY?” Colton punched his arm lightly.
“Uh, ya! Sure!” Kenny stood up and followed Colton as they walked behind me through the trail.
I laughed at Colton’s protectiveness. Although, I knew he was right, I shouldn’t be wandering the woods all by myself late at night.
We walked about a mile and still heard nothing. As we walked a little further, we heard giggling and lip smacking. I looked over at Colton and Kenny with a disgusted expression. We peeked over only to find Mandy and Pratt making out against a tree.
“Oops.” I yelped.
Mandy turned her head, petrified that we’d seen them kissing.
“Sorry, carry on!” I exclaimed as I walked off hurriedly.
Where are Echo and Cassidy? If Mandy and Pratt are alone, that means that they are alone too! I became nervous at the thought of Echo and Cassidy being alone.
I walked a little further and heard a girl giggling, then a scream. I ran a little further so I could catch up to the voice. Then the female voice trailed off into a whisper. I lost track of where the voice was coming from. As I walked over a bridge, I looked over to my left and saw Cassidy’s legs sprawled out. I turned the corner and my heart felt like it suddenly dropped a hundred stories down a building and smashed into oblivion.
I was stunned in disbelief as Cassidy’s body was hovering above Echo’s and her head was tilted down. Echo’s hands were up in the air, and in that moment, I saw it. I witnessed her kiss him. Echo. My Echo…
I gasped loudly, like an unstoppable reaction that I couldn’t prevent. Cassidy looked back at me and Echo lifted his head. He looked into my saddened eyes, an expression of horror washed over his face.
I paced backwards into Colton. Quickly I turned around and sprinted back to camp.
“Wait, Harmony!” I heard Echo scream.
“Why are you running after her?” Cassidy whimpered.
I ran as fast as I could as I kept tumbling and tripping over sticks and the uneven ground. I finally managed to reach our camp.  As I reached camp, the others were now sitting by the fire again. I nonchalantly changed my sprint into a subtle walk. I paced to my tent and started to zip it closed.
I heard intense breathing just as I was about to seal the tent.
“Wait, please. Harmony, wait.” I heard Echo plead.
I paused. I didn’t want to unzip the tent. I didn’t want to show that I was upset. I didn’t want to express emotion about that kiss. After all, he wasn’t my boyfriend or anything like that. We were friends, that’s all. Then why do I feel so hurt?
“Harmony, please, let me in,” Echo articulated breathlessly.
“I’m okay Echo. It’s nothing. I’m just tired. I’m gonna go to sleep.”
“Harmony please. I know you. You wouldn’t just run off like that if it was nothing.”
“I’m okay.” I said, insincerely.
“Please, give me a chance to explain.”
I took a deep breath, dried my tears, and unzipped the tent.
“Thank you,” he whispered. He tucked into the tent and sat near me, but didn’t get too close. I knew he could gauge from my body language that I didn’t want any closeness at the moment. I leaned against the corner of the tent and stared down at the floor.
“Harmony, it’s not what you think. She tripped and fell on top of me, and I guess she took the opportunity to…”
“It’s alright Echo.” I looked over at him. His apologetic expression looked genuine. “Why would it matter to me? You’re free to date whomever you choose.”
“Date? I don’t want to date! I’m not looking to date Cassidy or anyone else.”
Anyone else? I wondered what he meant by that.
“It’s okay if you did.” I looked into the corner and avoided making eye contact.
“Please don’t shut down Harmony. Let me in. I never know what you’re thinking. Why are you inhibited when it comes to opening up to me? What are you afraid of?”
His words struck a chord with me. They lit my emotions on fire and I tensed up, working so hard not to shed a tear.
“I promise, that kiss meant nothing. Harmony, please look at me?” He pleaded. “It meant nothing.”
“Who’s to say that I care if you kiss anyone else?”
“Do you?” He looked at my expression and tried to read what the answer would be. “Do you care Harmony?” He leaned in and looked me intensely. “Because you have never once expressed that to me.”
My heart knotted up and my breathing intensified. I couldn’t hold back my emotions anymore. My imaginary, emotional brick wall tumbled down, and a tear trickled down the side of my face as I nodded, “yes.”
Echo looked at me intently, and waited patiently for me to continue.
“I’m just afraid.” I stuttered.
“Of what?”
“Afraid of letting my guard down and getting hurt.”
“Harmony,” he whispered softly and gently placed his hand on my knee. I inhaled his sweet smell and felt limp in his presence. “I promise you, I will not hurt you. Do you believe me?”
I looked at him once again. His eyes were sincere and spoke for him. I knew he cared, and somehow I knew he wouldn’t hurt me. But it was my past experiences that left me expecting hurt. It was an expectancy that was embedded in me from my previous relationships with men. How was I supposed to change habit? How would I move past those emotions?
“Anything that happened in your past, I cannot change. But I can promise you, that as long as I am around, I will never let anything bad happen to you.” He placed his warm hand on my face and caressed my cheek. “Harmony?” His voice fell to an extremely soft whisper.
He knew exactly what to say to make me melt like putty in his hands. I stared into his eyes and soared into his arms. I held on to him firmly. Tears streamed down my face as I gripped him as tightly as I possibly could. He embraced me back, and slid his fingers through my hair. I could hear his heart beat rapidly, as did mine. I felt the magnetic current that generated between us. It jolted through my veins making me breathless. I leaned back to look at him. We gazed at one another for no more than five seconds. I closed my eyes and became entranced in his grasp as he pressed his lips against mine and kissed me vigorously. I released all inhibitions and encircled my tongue around his as he caressed my face with his hands. I wasn’t sure if I was breathing. It felt as though he was all I was breathing in. I yelped, as my yearning for him just grew stronger and stronger with each motion he made. His breath and advance intensified as he lifted me up in his arms and laid me under him. He kissed me passionately and gripped my hand tightly.
He slowed and pulled back, giving me pecks as he stared into my eyes. I closed my eyes and breathed in deeply, and exhaled only to look up at Echo with a new perspective. I’d released my worries and fears. Now, all I knew was that Echo didn’t just envelop a large piece of my life, he was my life. I breathed for him. I wanted him, all to myself.
He stroked my cheek and brushed his fingers against my lips. We heard murmurs outside of the tent and smirked. I put my finger to my mouth in an attempt to tell him to keep quiet. He chuckled quietly and leaned his head against my chest. I held his head and caressed my fingers through his hair.
He looked up at me with his eyes glistening in the darkness. “You’re so beautiful,” he breathed.
I bit my lip and shook my head in disagreement.
He leaned in and gently pressed his lips against mine and looked at me once again. “I’ve never felt this way about anyone in my life.” He whispered.
“What way,” I asked softly, as I stared into his electric eyes, inches away from his face.
“I don’t know how to explain it. It’s like, when I’m with you, I know which way to turn and everything makes sense. I feel alive and my heart is fulfilled.”
“I feel the same way.” I breathed.
“You really do?”
I nodded. I pulled his head close to mine and wrapped my lips around his so tenderly. The kiss was effortless and intense.
“Uh, Harmony, are you alright in there.” I heard Colton ask just outside of the tent.
I held my hand over my mouth to keep from giggling. I gained my composure and answered. “Ya, thanks Colton. Echo and I are just talking.”
“Okay, just making sure.”
“Thanks friend.” I looked at Echo who had his lips sealed shut. I could see his dimples as he pressed his lips together tightly. “You probably should go back to the RV so they don’t suspect anything.”
“Come here,” he pulled my body next to his and held me from behind. He wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me as close to him as humanly possible.
I felt a spark ignite inside of me, and the feeling of ecstasy swirled like a whirlwind tornado. I basked in the comfort of his arms and gripped his hand tightly.
He softly kissed my neck and whispered in my ear. “I love the way you look at me.”
All I could do was breathe heavily. The truth was, I loved the way he looked at me as well. His eyes spoke to me; they captivated my attention in such a way that I could not explain. It’s like I’d known him for centuries.
If butterflies could really flutter around my stomach, they really did in that instant. The emotions that washed over me and the sensations that enveloped me when I was around Echo seemed fantasy-like and surreal. The connection and chemistry that was present between us was unequivocal and could not be denied.
I turned only my head to face him. I stared into his captivating eyes and our lips connected. If I had one ounce of doubt about my feelings for Echo in the past, it was most certainly annihilated now. I was madly in love with him.
“Will you stay,” I gasped.
“I would love to.” He spoke gingerly. 


Chapter Forty Two

Echo had held me all night. I’d never felt such peace and serenity in my entire life. He acted very gentleman-like and cuddled with me until morning. He’d slip in kisses and whispers every now and again.
By the time the morning dawn broke through, we’d awakened to the sound of Colton and Kenny discussing their plans for the day. Echo had kissed my cheek and snuck out to go back to the RV. Not a moment later I heard a scratching sound on my tent.
I unzipped my tent and squinted my eyes at the bright light of the sun. I saw Colton’s chipper face staring at me with a grin.
“Colton? What are you doing?” I asked groggily.
“The question is what were you doing? Last night?” He responded cunningly.
I giggled, “Nothing.” I squeaked.
“Nothing? Bologna!”
I laughed. “Honestly, nothing happened. We just cuddled and… uh… made out a little… or a lot!” I bit my lip, attempting to hold back my excitement.
“Shut up, really? So what about that whole Cassidy thing?”
“I guess he isn’t into her and he said that she pushed herself on him and kissed him, but he didn’t reciprocate.”
We made sure to whisper so that no one would hear our conversation.
“I knew it. I could totally tell from his body language with her. He actually seemed super annoyed by her.”
I nodded in agreement.
“I’m so happy for you guys. It’s about time! You deserve each other. He’s so in love with you.”
“What? Really? How do you know? Did he tell you something?” I was intrigued.
“Huh, oops. Uh, I think I hear Kenny calling me.” He turned his head around, “Coming Kenny,” he shouted into the air. “Gotta go Harmony.” He jogged off.
“What did you need Colty?” I heard Kenny ask.
“SHH!” Colton responded.
I chuckled silently and sat back down in my tent as I day dreamt about Echo. I wondered what he had said about me to Colton. Did he really mean all that he said last night?
I’d heard the rest of the group waking up about an hour later and decided I would change and get out of my tent. Once I was ready and dressed, I walked out of my tent and stretched as I inhaled the crisp morning air. I gazed around the camp. Nearly everyone was awake besides Liam and Cassidy. Conner passed out Clif bars to everyone and I walked over to get one for myself.
I slid my hands into my shorts pockets and walked with a confident strut as I headed towards the rest of the crew. Echo peeked over at me and winked, but quickly looked away again as to not draw attention to himself.
“Good morning,” Conner said in his surfer boy voice.
“Good morning Conner. Hi everyone.” I waved around and smiled.
Everyone had said hello and waved.
“Clif bar?” Conner asked.
“Yes please.” I opened it to take a bite. Sadie stood next to Echo discussing everyone’s drunken behavior last night. The others remained pretty quiet; I could tell most of them were suffering from dreaded hangovers.
I was surprised that no one had said anything or even noticed that Echo stayed with me last night. I guess I’d have to give thanks to the alcohol for keeping them in the dark. I wouldn’t have cared if anyone knew that something was going on between us, but I wanted to see how the relationship would evolve before anyone decided to give their two cents about it. Besides, I wasn’t really sure what Echo and I were: friends, boyfriend and girlfriend, soul mates?
I heard the door to one of the RV’s creek open and waited to see who would come out. I watched as Cassidy walked out with a paranoid look and disheveled hair.
“Uh, hi everyone.” She walked past Echo and tried not to make eye contact. “Hey Echo,” she said uncomfortably. She grabbed a bar Clif Bar from Conner’s offering hand and had a seat on one of the chairs.
Not even a minute later, I heard the door to the RV creek again and Liam walked out with only his shorts on and a wide smile on his face. He stretched his arms and let out a loud yawn. His chocolate skin was shiny with some sort of oil slathered all over it.
In that instant I knew that something happened between them. I placed my hand over my mouth and held in my laugh. I looked over at Echo who looked over at me and lifted his eyebrows in amazement. He pressed his lips together and held back a smile as hard as he could, with his dimples creating deep indents on his face. Gosh, he is so handsome!
It seemed as though everyone had gotten their drinking and partying out of the way the day before. Today, the plans were to relax on the beach and walk some more hiking trails. Since we were to leave tomorrow, everyone decided it would be best to just sit back, relax and take in the beautiful scenery of the Oregon Coast.
After we’d all finished our breakfast, everyone was ready to go about their day. Cassidy seemed to be ignoring Liam for some reason or another, so she, Sadie and Mandy decided to walk the waterfall trail. Conner, Liam, Pratt, Echo and Bucky pulled out some beers and sat at the campground telling their oh so uninteresting stories about all the girls they’d been with. I heard Conner asking Liam a million and one questions about last night and Cassidy, but Liam did not breathe a word. He just grinned and nodded. Conner punched his arm and gave him props. I laughed. Boys will be boys. The only one that seemed to be staying out of the conversation completely was Echo. He just sat there sipping his water and smiled every now and again. He’d look over at me once in a while and wink. My heart would melt every time.
Kenny was feeling a little queasy so he decided to stay behind in his tent and try to get some sleep. Colton had wanted to stay with Kenny but Kenny insisted Colton go have fun without him. So Colton and I decided to go to the beach and sunbathe. We threw our towels over our shoulders and headed to the warm sand.
The wind was nonexistent that day. It was a quiet and peaceful afternoon. The bright sun warmed the sand and my towel under me felt like a heated blanket. I listened to the waves of the ocean as they subtly crashed into the rocks and piddled onto the sand near my feet. My sunglasses helped block some of the sunlight as I closed my eyes. Colton and I were quiet as we tuned in to the tranquil sounds of the beach.
Before I knew it, I was being awakened by a hand on my shoulder. I peeked up to see Colton hovering above me.
“Ahh!” I screeched.
“Oh sorry, Harmony. You might want to turn over before you get burnt. You’ve been in this position for over an hour.”
“Really?” I asked as I sat up. I felt completely rested. The warmth of the sun felt great and the wind picked up a little now.
“Ya. Do you mind if I go back to camp? I really wanna check on Kenny. I’m worried about him.”
“No, of course not. Go right ahead.”
“You want to come?”
“No, I think I’ll stay here,” I chuckled, “I guess I’ll tan my backside so I don’t end up looking like a freak.”
“Sounds good.” Colton smiled. “See a later Harmony.”
“Bye,” I smiled and yawned. I stretched out my body and watched the waves cascade towards me. I wrapped my arms around my knees and kneeled my head on them as I focused on the horizon. I could have stared at that picturesque seascape forever.  I looked down and saw that my knees looked a bit red, so I flipped over onto my stomach and closed my eyes.
I grinned as I laid there thinking about last night and what Echo had said to me. His voice repeated in my head and I wished that he were there with me. I heard voices coming towards the beach and opened my eyes to see who they were. I saw a man and a woman with their large dog walking next to the water. I closed my eyes once again.
A few minutes had passed and I didn’t hear the couple anymore. I had the beach all to myself. I heard a rustling in the distance but I attributed it to the escalating wind. Suddenly, I felt a warm hand touch between my shoulders and trail down to my bikini bottom. At first I was startled, but when I looked up, I relaxed once again. Echo looked at me with his sparkling eyes and a genuine smile.
“May I join you?” He whispered.
“Of course.” I bit my lip and responded quickly. “Are the rest of the boys coming?” I asked as he placed his beach towel down and rested on his front next to me. His muscular arms and back were so appealing as he lay there shirtless.
“No, they’re back at camp getting drunk and still talking about their crazy stories.”
“Of course,” I giggled. “What about the girls?”
“They’re not back yet. I think Cassidy was embarrassed about last night, so she is keeping the girls occupied and away from the boys. At least that’s what Pratt heard from Mandy before they left.”
“Oh I see. You didn’t want to stay at camp?”
“No way. I want to be here with you.” He looked at me and smiled. “I saw Colton come back and thought it would be a perfect opportunity to spend some time with you.”
I sighed happily. We couldn’t help but stare into each other’s eyes. We were completely entranced in our own little world.
I saw Echo lick his lips and open them slightly as if to speak. But before he could breathe a word, he lurched his face close and locked his lips with mine. My heart instantly fluttered and I felt breathless. I slowly turned over, not releasing his lips for one moment. He placed his hand on my belly and softly moved his hands up and down my side. I wrapped my arms around him and felt every inch of muscular back. He gripped my hip and moved his fingers around my waist so tenderly. He kissed me passionately and took his hand off my hip and caressed my face. I rested my head on the ground and let him lead. I could smell his sweet aroma and closed my eyes tightly. Kissing him was unlike anything I’d ever experienced.
He released my lips and stared into my eyes. “Harmony,” he whispered as he repeatedly moved his stare from my eyes to my lips. “I…”
“Get a room!” A voice yelled out from afar.
I’d forgotten for a moment that we were on a public beach. I looked up startled and stared in the distance.
Bucky was stumbling towards us with a sneaky grin on his face, as if to say with his expression: I caught you.
“Hey Bucky.” Echo stated to Bucky then looked at me and rolled his eyes. “Someone’s drunk again.” He whispered.
I chuckled and sat up as Echo lifted himself off of me.
“I knew there was somethin’ up with you two.” Bucky slurred with his strong southern accent.
“What are you up to Bucky?” Echo completely ignored Bucky’s comment.
“We were all havin’ a good time drinkin’ but we ran out of booze, so I thought I’d see what y’all were up to.” As Bucky walked onto the sand, he tripped on a small rock, but caught himself.
“Whoa, whoa, you’ve got to take it easy bud.” Echo mentioned as he shot up and grabbed Bucky’s arm.
“Ya, I’m fixin’ to do just that. I thought laying out on the beach would help.”
“Ooh, I don’t know if laying in the hot sun will make you feel any better. Hold on to me and let’s dip you in the water real quick. The cold should help wake you up a bit.” Echo held on to his friend and led him to the Ocean. He looked back at me with a sweet grin and winked.
“I feel sick Echo.” Bucky kneeled forward.
“Don’t worry bud. This should help. Ready?” Echo held onto Bucky as they both walked into the crashing waves and turned right back around.
“Whoo, that felt good.” Bucky screeched.
Echo laughed and kept his arm around Bucky. “Come on my friend, let’s get you back to camp and get some food in you. I think Sadie brought some crackers with her for her motion sickness. They should be in the R.V. Do you mind Harmony?”
“Of course not,” I smiled lovingly. “I’ll be right there. I think I’ve had enough sun for one day.”
He nodded and they walked off. I sat there for a moment, admiring Echo and the heart that he possessed. He cared so much about the people around him. I breathed in deeply and could still smell his sweet aroma on my skin. I wrapped my arms around my shoulders and felt a cold chill at that point. I picked up my towel along with Echo’s towel and walked back to camp.
As I reached our camp, I saw the girls walking up and talking about their hike to the waterfall. They were mumbling about some hot guys that were on the trail and how they got their phone numbers. I saw Pratt glare at Mandy. Mandy shook her head as if to disagree with the conversation. Sadie seemed pretty excited with a huge smile on her face. She lifted her hand up, which had black ink all over it with what looked to be phone numbers. Cassidy was speaking the loudest, and boasting about the boys and how much they had liked all of the girls including her. She peeked over at Liam every once in a while to see if he was listening. I saw Conner just giggling about the whole ordeal.
Echo was in the far corner holding a water bottle and crackers for Bucky who was sitting right next to him.
I walked over to check on Colton and Kenny. Their tent was open so I quietly said, “Hello?”
“Hey Harmony. You’re back.”
“Hey, Colton. Ya I just walked back. How’s Kenny?”
“Hi Harmony, I’m okay thanks. I think I just caught a little stomach bug. But I feel a little better.”
“Oh, I’m sorry Kenny. Is there anything I can get for you?”
“Do you know if anyone has crackers?”
“As a matter of fact, I do. Let me see if I can get some for you.”
“Thanks Harmony,” Kenny responded.
I set my towel down on the ground and wrapped Echo’s towel around my arm. I walked over to him and Bucky. “Hi.” I looked at Echo and smiled. “How are you doin’ Bucky?”
“Better thanks.” Bucky groaned. “I aint drinkin’ no more alcohol for the rest of my life.”
“Aw, I don’t blame you.”
“Oh you brought my towel. Thank you.” Echo stated.
“You’re welcome. If you’d like, I can put it with mine and wash it when I get home.”
Echo grinned, “I’d like that. If you wouldn’t mind, of course.”
“Not at all,” I stared into his eyes. I wanted so badly to jump into his arms and spend every waking moment with him. “Oh!” I snapped out of my trance. “I forgot. I’m looking for crackers for Kenny. He has a stomach bug. Do you have any extra?”
“Take those Harmony.” Bucky pointed at the ones Echo was holding. “I had way too many.”
“You sure you don’t need them?”
“Nah, I’m good.”
“Thanks.”
Echo placed the crackers gently into my hand and brushed his fingers softly against my skin, sending shivers down my spine. I bowed my head down and tried to contain my grin. I walked off back to Kenny and Colton. I placed Echo’s towel next to mine and saw Kenny coming out of the tent.
“Oh hi Kenny. Here you go.”
“Thanks Harmony.” He grabbed the crackers from my hand. “I really need these.” He stood there staring into the forest around him and munched on the crackers.
“Thanks Harmony.” Colton said as he exited the tent too. “I’m making Kenny get some fresh air. He’s been cooped up in his tent all day.”
“Ohhh…” Kenny moaned.
“Aw, are you ok Ken bear?” Colton walked up to Kenny and placed his arm around him. It was nice to see a couple so in love.
I walked into my tent and relaxed for a bit. I cleaned up my things and changed into some more comfortable attire.
The rest of the night was quiet. Everyone was busy packing their belongings and picking up after themselves. Dinner was hot dogs over the campfire and potato chips. The entire group seemed tired and ready to head back to some normalcy. After an uneventful evening, everyone had gone back to their respective quarters and rested for the night. Echo decided to stay with Bucky and make sure he was okay, but not before he kissed me goodnight. 


Chapter Forty Three

After a scattered morning of packing up tents and picking up trash, I had everything ready in my car and was ready to head home. I helped Colton with his belongings since poor Kenny was still feeling under the weather. I looked around our campsite and it was completely empty besides all of the vehicles and group still hanging around. Although I was ready to head home, there was a solemn feeling in the air as we bid adieu to the Oregon Coast.
Once Kenny and Colton were all packed and ready to go, they said their goodbyes and left. Kenny was very eager to get home and recover from his stomach bug and Colton had a busy upcoming week at school and Ancient Love Antiques.
Bucky was feeling much better that morning. With crackers, water, and Echo at his bedside, he made a full recovery from his alcohol poisoning. He and Pratt, Mandy and Conner left shortly after Kenny and Colton.
I stayed behind to say goodbye to the rest of the crew. But before I could walk over to them to say goodbye, I saw Echo pacing towards me. The way he swayed his body so effortlessly was captivating.
“Hi,” I stammered as he approached.
“Good morning pretty woman.” He said as he lifted my hand and kissed it.
I sighed and chuckled. “Why thank you.”
“How was your night?”
“It was fine. I slept pretty well. Not as great as I’d slept the night before…” I looked up at him and grinned shyly.
“Me neither.” He smiled, walked forward and swiftly wrapped his arms around me. He breathed in deeply. “Mmmm, you smell good,” he whispered.
“So do you,” I responded softly.
He released his hold and held my neck in his hand. He smiled and looked into my eyes, then gently placed his lips on mine, “I missed you.”
I gasped, “I missed you too.” I stuttered as my heart raced so intensely.
“May I accompany you on your drive, Madam?”
“I would very much like that Sir.” I laughed.
He kissed me once more. “Come on. Let’s go say goodbye.” He took my hand and we walked over to Sadie, Cassidy, and Liam.
“Are you sure about holding hands? You don’t care if people think…?”
“Think what?” He stopped and asked. “That we’re a couple?” He smiled eagerly.
I looked down and tried to contain my excitement. Those words made my stomach twist with happiness. I stared into his eyes and smiled innocently.
“Only, if that’s alright with you?” He asked curiously.
I nodded and smiled widely.
“Really?” He asked in disbelief.
“Yes.” I spoke gently.
He scooped me up into his arms and lifted me high into the air as I giggled with the feeling of elation. Then gently, he brought me down and wrapped his lips around mine. His slow motion kissing made my body tingle all over.
As he pulled away, he caressed my face with his hand. “You’ve made me so happy.”
I sighed. If only he knew just how happy he’s made me…
He gripped my hand tightly this time as we proceeded to walk towards the rest of the group.
“Hey everyone, looks like we’re taking off. Harmony is gonna take me back.” Echo waved to Sadie, Cassidy and Liam.
Liam grinned and gave Echo a curious but excited expression. Sadie and Cassidy just stared at our connected hands and looked at one another in confusion.
“Ok, bye,” Sadie said as she snapped out of her baffled trance. She smacked Cassidy’s arm.
“Oh, bye guys. Have a safe trip home.”
“Thanks everyone,” I responded. “Bye” I waved at them all.
Echo and I turned around and headed for the car. I had this overwhelming feeling that they were all still staring at us in disbelief.
“Do you think they’re still staring?” I asked Echo quietly.
“Probably, but who cares. Let them.”
I gripped his hand tightly and bit my lip. I was so ecstatic inside.
Echo had offered to drive, so of course I obliged. We stopped at a gas station nearby to fill up the tank. I was still getting used to the fact that I couldn’t pump my own gas in the state of Oregon, but I didn’t mind it. Every time I’d be at a gas station, I’d want to hop out right away and fill up my own tank. I’d been reprimanded a few times for that since moving to Oregon. Good thing Echo was the one driving so I didn’t have to worry about making that mistake again. After that, we were ready for our four-hour trip home.
I felt so comforted in the thought that Echo and I were now a couple. I watched him as he held the wheel and drove so carefully. His arms flexed any time he changed positions or turned the wheel. I could see his muscles making their presence known through his plain white tee shirt. I just stared at him and smiled. He glanced over at me every chance he had.
“Are you happy?” He asked as he offered his hand.
I grabbed it and responded, “I couldn’t be happier. You?”
“Happiest I’ve ever been.” He turned his head briefly and winked, then diverted his attention to the road once again.
I fiddled with his fingers and held his hand close to my face. I inhaled deeply and wrapped my fingers around his. I kissed his warm hand and held it close to my chest.
“Harmony?”
“Yes.”
“There’s something I haven’t told you.”
I felt a shock of anxiety when he said those words. “What is it?”
“Well, first let me ask you… What are your plans once you finish school? You’ve only told me that you were going to finish out the school year in Oregon, and move back to California. Is that still your plan?”
“Well, I’m not sure.” I turned my gaze to the floor nervously. “I’ve been thinking about it a lot, and that was my plan. But now, I feel that I’ve made Oregon my new home.”
“So there’s a chance you might stay?” I could hear the desperation in his voice.
“A very good chance.” I reassured him. “Now what do you need to tell me.”
“Well, there’s a summer program at SOU called Astronomy Abroad. It’s a program in which students travel to different places around the states and other Countries to study and learn more about Astronomy. The students mainly go to some of the best observatories and conduct research projects and work one on one with Astronomers. Even though my Dad is an Astronomer, as you know, he recommended this program. So, I signed up to go.”
I felt my heart drop into the pit of my stomach. “Oh. When do you leave?”
“In two weeks, right after the school year ends.”
“Two weeks.” I yelped. “Well... I’m really happy for you… that sounds like a great program.” I looked down at the floor sadly.
“Harmony, will you come with me?” He whispered.
I felt a flutter of hope again. “You want me to come with you?”
“Yes. But you don’t have to worry about a thing. All expenses will be paid.”
“Oh wow. Oh my gosh, that’s an amazing offer.”
“If you don’t want to go, I understand.”
“No. I mean, I want to go. I just… I’m not sure what my parents would think about that and…”
“No pressure.”
“I would love to go.” I said abruptly.
“Really? Are you sure?” He asked excitedly. “What about all the other stuff?”
“I’ll work it out. I want to go with you.” I stated happily.
Echo slowed the car and pulled over to the siding. He pushed the parking brake into place and faced me. He swiftly leaned into me and before I knew it, my tongue was swirling around his. He kissed me fiercely this time, with an abundance of passion. My heart nearly jumped out of my skin.
“You’ve made me the happiest man in the world.” His lips caressed mine and he slowly pulled away and placed his hands on the steering wheel once again.
I licked my lips and stared at him. “Echo?”
He turned his head to face me.
I wanted to say three words that I’d been wanting to say for so long, but I couldn’t just yet. I wanted the time to be perfect.
“Yes Harmony.”
“Nothing.” I sighed, “I just really like you.”
He looked at me with a sweet grin and winked. “I like you too Miss Harmony Maia.”
“Oh wow, you remember my last name.”
“I remember it from when you were in the hospital.”
“Oh.”
“But, let’s not talk about that. That was long ago. This,” he said as he wrapped his hand around mine, “this is right now.”
I nodded and leaned my head on the seat. There was a sense of comfort that I felt when I was with Echo that I’d never felt before in all my years. It was magical.
He pulled back onto the road continued driving. He wore a smile on his face the whole trip home. A quiet peacefulness enveloped the rest of our drive. We didn’t feel the need to talk. Even though I had a considerable amount of work to do once I headed home, I thought of none of it. Between the stress of finals at school, the busyness of work, moving out of my apartment home, and now the news about going away with Echo this summer that I had to reveal to my parents, I should have been a nervous wreck. But Echo had this uncanny way about him, in that whenever I was around him, my troubles seemed absolutely miniscule. The only thing I focused on when I was with him was he and I.
We arrived at SOU in too short of time. I wasn’t ready to say goodbye to Echo just yet. I felt an aching when I thought about separating from him.
“There’s my car.” Echo stated as he pointed my way.
“There it is.” I said as I sadly stared into his eyes. “I had a lot of fun.”
“Me too.” Echo’s smile widened.
“So you and me, huh?” I inquired shyly.
He smirked and nodded, “Me and you!”
I giggled and dropped my face into my hands. “I can’t believe it.” I giggled for a moment and lifted my head up to look at him. He leaned against the steering wheel with his arm resting above it. His chiseled body shown through his tee shirt as he sat there with his body twisted slightly to face me. I looked down at his jeans that fit perfectly around his muscular thighs and legs. Then I looked up at his angelic face. His hair tousled in the most perfect way, as if he’d spent hours perfecting it. The evening sun that beamed through the windows cast a glow on his multi colored, light hair color. Shades of the lightest brown and blond wrapped around in waves and gave a beautiful contrast to his electrifying green eyes. His dimples and luscious lips could make any girls heart melt within seconds. I couldn’t stop staring at every inch of him. Every gratifying feeling that may have been dormant since the day I was born was certainly very much alive now. Echo ignited a spirit in me. He awakened my soul, which seemed asleep for so long. How did he possess such magic?
“You’re so quiet,” Echo said as he broke my concentration.
A little embarrassed, I responded quickly, “Oh, sorry. I was just thinking.”
“About what?” He asked as he pressed his lips together and squinted his eyes as if to listen with intent. His dimples were even deeper now.
How much I want you. How every inch of my body yearns for your touch. How I want nothing more than to be as close to you as humanly possible. I wanted to say as much, but I couldn’t.
“About you.” I grinned. “I’m just happy, that’s all. I mean, who would have thought, that the guy I’d met in Ancient Love Antiques would one day be my boyfriend.”
“Boyfriend,” Echo whispered, “I like that. Can you say it again?”
“Boyfriend?”
“Say it again.” He whispered again as he leaned closer to me.
“Boyfriend.”
“One more time,” his voice even softer as his face nearly touched mine.
“My boyfriend.” I said. But before I even had a chance to smile, he pressed his lips onto mine and grabbed my head in his hand. His fingers twirled and twisted in my hair as his lips made their way around mine. My breathing grew heavier as he slowly moved his hands down my arms and around my hips. He slipped his warm fingers up my shirt and gripped my hips as his tongue swirled deeper and deeper into my mouth. I felt a surge of exhilaration rush through me as I wrapped my hands around his neck and pulled him in closer. He moved his hands carefully up my sides until he reached my bra. He brushed the front of my bra with his thumb and held his grip for a moment. He breathed heavily as he lifted his lips away. He stared into my eyes.
“I’m sorry, Harmony. I got carried away.” He said breathlessly.
“Don’t be.” I wrapped my hand around his neck and pulled him in another time to kiss him.
This time, his lips slowed and he took his time massaging every inch of my tongue with his. He moved his hands down and out from under my shirt. He grabbed my face in his hands and gave me a few pecks on and around my face.
“Thank you for making this one of the best weekends of my life.”
I chuckled, “No, thank you.”
“I should let you get home and rest. It’s going to be a hectic week.” I could tell he wanted to stay but knew it was best to go.
“Okay, I guess you’re right,” I stated, even though I didn’t want to be separated from him.
“I’ll talk to you soon. Will you let me know you made it home safely?”
“Of course.”
He leaned in to kiss me. “Goodbye for now.”
As he turned to open the driver door, I touched his arm. “Wait, Echo?”
“Ya?” He turned quickly to face me again.
“I’ve never…” I looked down, unsure of how to phrase what I was about to say. “I’ve actually never, um… I don’t really know how to say…”
“What is it Harmony?” He placed his hand over mine.
“Well, just because I lived with someone before, doesn’t mean that something happened between us. I mean, I’ve never before been with anyone.” I looked at him, hoping he would understand what I was saying.
A peaceful smile washed over his face, “That’s alright Harmony.”
“Is that strange?” I asked, a little embarrassed about the discussion.
“It’s very admirable. Especially when you lived with someone that you were dating, I would have thought that it would…”
I interrupted, “Well, I never wanted to. Not with him. I just thought you should know.”
“Thank you for telling me.” He placed his hand over my cheek, “Harmony, I want you to know something. I will never expect you to do anything that you don’t want to do. You tell me when the time is right, if ever.”
“Thanks Echo,” I smiled happily.
“Of course.” He kissed me. “Drive safe. I’ll talk to you soon.”
“Talk to you soon.” His hand slipped from mine as he exited the driver’s side. He walked around the front of the car and opened my door. “Milady!” He lifted me up and walked me to the other side of the car.
“You’re so sweet.” I expressed.
“No…” He blushed.
“You are.” I kissed his lips. “I’ll let you know when I make it home.”
“K,” he closed the door as I started the ignition. I watched as he walked over to his Audi and started his car. He looked over at me and blew me a kiss. I caught it and placed it over my heart. He smiled and drove off. I followed him out of the parking lot and we went our separate ways.


Chapter Forty Four

The upcoming week proved to be a frenzied one. In the midst of all the madness, I was restless and couldn’t wait for the school year to end. The last week of school was upon us and I was ready to finish up the semester. I had spent most of my free time studying and resting. Echo was doing the same. In fact, I hadn’t seen him since the camping trip ended. We had text and talked over the phone here and there, but we were both so extremely busy that our schedules didn’t permit us to see one another.
I had given Ancient Love Antiques my notice to leave work. Although they were sad to see me go, I think they were very happy for me. I had explained to Colton about my plans to leave with Echo on his Astronomy program trip. He wasn’t surprised at all by the news. He said he’d wanted us to be together since day one. He mentioned it had always been apparent that we would end up together because of the way Echo and I looked at one another. He could see the chemistry between us.
After the camping trip, I’d taken a few days to think about how to tell my parents about the summer trip with Echo. I’d finally built up the courage a few days prior. I’d explained to them about Echo’s Astronomy program and what it entailed. To my surprise, they were extremely supportive. Ever since my near death experience they made a point to support me in any decision that I made. They had a lot of faith in my decisions and knew that I wouldn’t make any in haste. They mentioned that they wouldn’t have picked a better man for me to go with than Echo. After all, they trusted him with my life. Literally. Although they didn’t know about our recent relationship, I’m sure they could tell in my voice that I was excited about going with him. I think they knew, and their silence about the situation proved to me that they didn’t see it to be a bad thing. I assured them that I would go visit them as soon as I returned.
My lease was ending at the end of the month. I didn’t renew and began to pack my belongings. Everything seemed to be falling into place perfectly.
The last days of school ended up being the easiest of days. I had studied so much that finals seemed to be somewhat of a breeze. It’s a good thing I had no life for the past two weeks besides eating, sleeping and breathing my finals. I felt a huge weight lifted when that last hand on the clock had struck 12 and my final hour of the semester had come to a close. I was finally done. I breathed easier knowing that all the hard work was behind me, and a summer full of adventure was awaiting.
I finished up my final day at Ancient Love Antiques as well the next day. They’d thrown a quaint party for me at the store and had a scrumptious chocolate cake and presents to send me off with. Aunt Zelda, Colton, and a few other employees that had worked there temporarily had gotten together and fixed up the back room in true birthday celebration. I’d received a visa gift card, some costume jewelry, and a brand new bottle of my favorite line of perfume, Poison. Pure Poison, they’d written on my farewell card, for a pure heart.
Colton’s gift was the last I’d opened. I opened the small golden box, unsure of what he’d fit in there besides an expensive piece of jewelry. I unwrapped the tissue paper that surrounded the small gift, only to reveal a silver plated compass. He’d written in his card: this compass is for you, to always know your way home. We hope you come back home soon. Tears streamed down my face as I’d read his note. Colton had been the greatest friend I could have ever asked for. I would miss him dearly. Throughout my time I’d spent in Ashland, I had truly felt like it was my new home. I hugged them all and thanked them for their warm hearts and generosity. I wished Colton the best of luck with Kenny and promised to always stay in touch no matter what.
The day after, I’d slept in a little late. After all the chaos of the past two weeks, I was due for a restful night’s sleep. I’d been awakened by the sun peeking through the windows and warming my face. After a yawn and long stretch, I sat up in bed and leaned against the headboard. I looked around the room, focusing on the dust that made its presence known as it swirled around in the sun’s warm rays. With school and work behind me, all I had to focus on was my enchanting adventure with Echo Nordin. I could finally aim my attention at nothing but the trip with him. Every time I thought of it, which was more often than not, I couldn’t help but smile and daydream. I missed him so much. I still had not seen him since we returned from our camping trip. We’d spoken on the phone yesterday and planned for him to come over in the afternoon to help me pack the rest of my belongings. We would begin the trip in two days. The first destination would be OMSI, the Oregon Museum of Science and Industry. The program would start with a fun and lighthearted look into the exciting subject of Astronomy. After two days there, then the real expedition would begin. From there we would fly to Greece. After that, I was unsure where the next destination would be. I couldn’t wait to begin the adventure.
I hopped out of bed and made a pot of coffee. After I’d showered and dressed, I enjoyed my freshly brewed cup of coffee as I sat on my couch and admired my lotus bowl that Echo had put back together for me. It had been quite an eventful year. I sat there and thought about all that had happened. All the changes that had occurred since I’d moved to Ashland have transformed my life completely. I’d never been happier and more satisfied with my life as I felt in that moment. I had a hunger for life and new experiences. I couldn’t wait to share those experiences with Echo.
Suddenly I heard a knock on the door. I glanced at the clock on the wall. Echo was right on time. I smiled, and set my coffee down on the table as I walked over to the front door. I swung the door open. Echo stood there with a bouquet of blooming pink and cream-colored lotus flowers.
“Hello beautiful.” Echo stated as he held out the bouquet of flowers.
I grabbed hold of them and smelled their divine aroma. I inhaled deeply and smiled. But all I could smell was Echo’s enticing scent breezing past me. I looked up into his warm, loving eyes. I lunged forward into his arms. He swooped me up and wrapped his arms around me tightly.
“I missed you,” I breathed as I gazed down at him.
“I missed you too beautiful.” He whispered as his dimples poked through his cheeks.
I pressed my lips against his and brushed my fingers through his hair as he kissed me back. His lips were warm and wet as they circled around mine.
“May I come in?” he asked.
I giggled. “Of course.” I jumped off of him. “Come on in.” I grabbed hold of his hand and led him in the apartment. I closed the door behind him. “Would you like some coffee?”
“Sure. Thank you. I can get it.”
“No, please, sit. I’ll get it.” I placed my flowers in a vase I found under the kitchen sink and admired them once more.
“How have you been? I feel like I haven’t seen you in so long.”
“I’ve been great. I’m happy to be done with the semester and work. I’m looking forward to the trip.” I said as I walked over to the couch with his cup of coffee.
“Thank you,” he took the coffee from my hands and placed it down on the coffee table next to mine. He gazed into my eyes and grabbed my face to kiss me again. This time, his tongue swirled deeper into my mouth and he moved his hands up and down my neck and back. He sighed and held my face in his hands. “I couldn’t wait to kiss you again.”
“I couldn’t wait either.” I took his hand and held it tightly between my hands. I placed his hand on my cheek. “I’m so glad you’re here.”
“Me too.” He picked up his cup of coffee. “So tell me, what’s the first order of business?”
“Well, I don’t have too much to do. I just have to pack little things here and there.”
“If you want to, you can leave your stuff at my house that you don’t need on the trip.”
“Really? Thank you Echo.”
“Of course. We can take all your boxes you won’t need over there today, if you’d like.”
“That would be great. That way, I won’t have to worry about it tomorrow or the next day.”
“Perfect.”
Once we had both finished our cups of coffee, we wasted no time and began to pack some of my belongings. I left out enough clothes for the next two days, and all of my necessities. Everything else was placed in bags and boxes, including my lotus bowl. Echo carefully wrapped it with tons of newspaper and placed it in a sturdy box.
Within two hours, we were done packing.
“Gosh, it sure is easy to pack when you live in a furnished apartment.” Echo notably peered around the apartment.
“Isn’t it though?”
“Ya. You left yourself enough essentials for the next few days?”
“Yup, and if I need any other clothes, I can just reach into the suitcase. It’s kind of like staying in a hotel in my own apartment. All that’s left is some cleaning and giving them my keys in two days.” I said excitedly.
“Two days.” Echo smiled, as he leaned against the mantle above the fireplace.
“So, should we take these boxes to your place?” I pointed at the three boxes that were placed next to the couch.”
“Sure, let’s do it. But I need to make sure you eat. Are you hungry?”
“Starving! That’s a great idea.”
“Alright beautiful, come on, let’s get these boxes in the car. I’ll take you out to a nice restaurant.”
I blushed, “Okay, sounds good. Let me just grab my purse.” I walked into the bedroom and swiped up my purse. “Here I come,” I grabbed my phone off of the kitchen counter.
But just as Echo was unlocking the door, the phone rang.
“Oh, sorry Echo. Hold on a sec.” I looked at the phone number. I didn’t recognize it, but it was a San Diego area code. “That’s strange.”
“What’s strange?”
“I don’t know who it is. It’s a San Diego area code though.”
“Oh okay. Maybe it’s someone you know.”
I stared at the phone for a minute and decided to answer. “Hello?”
“Honey it’s me!” My mom’s voice sounded urgent.
“Mom, where are you calling from?”
“The hospital.”
“Why? What happened?” My heart dropped instantly and I felt an aching in the pit of my stomach.
“It’s you grandmother. She had a heart attack.”
“What? Oh my gosh, is she alright?” I said, now panicked. Echo walked towards me and placed his hand on my shoulder.
“She’s sleeping now, but the doctor said it was a bad one. They aren’t sure of the damage just yet.” I heard my mom sniffling. I knew she was trying to be strong and prevent herself from falling apart.
“Oh no.” I placed my hand over my mouth and tears streamed down my face. “I should come.”
“I know you’re leaving in two days honey, so it’s fine if you can’t make it.”
“Mom, I have to come!” I exclaimed in my panicked voice.
“I know dear, I know.” She breathed.
“I’ll figure out what to do. I’ll call you back. Mom, are you doing okay?”
“Yes honey,” she sobbed, and regained her voice, “I’m fine. Your dad’s by my side.”
“Ok. I’ll talk to you soon. Love you.”
“Love you too.”
I hung up the phone and stared down at the floor. I was overwhelmed with emotion.
“Harmony?” Echo whispered softly. “Are you alright?” He circled his hand on my shoulder, trying to console me.
I looked up at him. He had a look of concern as he looked into my eyes. “Echo.” I yelped as I jumped into his arms.
He held me close as the tears streamed down my face and onto his shirt.
“It’s my Grandma. She had a heart attack. My mom said she’s not doing so well.” I looked away, worried to tell him that I wasn’t going on the trip anymore. “I have to go see her.”
“I’m so sorry Harmony. Of course. What can I do to help?” He held my face.
“Echo, I don’t think I can go on the trip.” I looked at him, nervously waiting for his response.
“I know Harmony. It’s alright.” He brushed his hand over my cheek. “This is more important. You should be with your family right now.”
“Thank you for understanding.” I wrapped my arms around him and gripped him tightly.
“Come on, let’s go to the airport and find you a plane ticket. What would you like to do with your things?” He pointed at the boxes on the ground.
“Well, I think since everything is already packed.” I looked at him sadly, “I’m not sure when I’ll be back here, so it’s best if it all goes back with me. I’m not sure how to go about doing that though.”
“Don’t worry about a thing. Here’s what we can do. I can ship these three boxes to your parents’ address today. The other two suitcases, you can check in, and you’ll just have a small carry on and your purse.”
“That’s a great idea.” I placed my hand on my forehead and thought about what else I needed to do. “Oh, I have to give my keys to the office. I should go over there right now.”
“Okay, that’s a good idea. While you’re in there, I’ll start researching some flights on my phone.”
“Thank you so much Echo.” I was too panicked to think about anything else other than getting a flight home.
I raced towards the door and opened it.
“Harmony, let me pull the car up. I’ll be right back.” He walked out and jogged to his car.
I ran to my bedroom and rolled the suitcases out to the living room next to the boxes. Echo had already returned to retrieve my items. I shoved the rest of my loose belongings into my carryon bag. I paced around the apartment, looking for any other belongings that I might have forgotten. Once I finished checking every nook and cranny of the apartment, I raced back out the living room with my purse and carryon bag.
Echo stood there out of breath with his arm reaching out to me. “You ready beautiful?”
The side of my lip curled up into a half smile. He always knew how to make me feel good inside. I grabbed hold of his hand as he led me out of the apartment. “You already put everything in the car? That was fast.”
“Yup, it’s all ready. Here you go.” He held open the car door for me and shut it as soon as I was inside. “To the office we go.” He stated as he drove to the main office of the apartment building.
“Thanks Echo, I’ll be back.”
I hurriedly ran inside, signed some necessary paperwork and handed them my keys. By the time I’d come back to the car, Echo was finishing up with a phone call.
“Thanks so much. Buh bye.”
“Who was that?” I wondered.
“Southwest. I was able to book a flight for you in three hours. That gives you enough time to get to the airport, check in, get through security, and relax at the gate before your flight.”
“Oh thank you so much Echo. Do I pay when I get there?”
“It’s all taken care of.”
“What do you mean?”
“I took care of it. All you need to do is show your ID to get your boarding pass and you’re set.”
“You bought the ticket?” I slouched my shoulders and tilted my head in appreciation.
He nodded with a half grin.
I lunged towards him and hugged him. “Thank you Echo. You’re so sweet.”
“No worries.” He spoke softly. “I’d do anything for you.”
A tear trickled down my face. “I know you would.” I glanced into his eyes. I could see the pain behind his stare. The realization washed over me that I wasn’t going to see him for a while, if ever. “When will I see you again?”
He reached for my hand and held it in his. He looked down as he weaved his fingers through mine. “I don’t know.”
“You’ll be traveling for two and a half months?”
“Yes.”
I nodded. My heart ached at the thought of not seeing Echo again. “Maybe we could see each other when you get back.”
“I hope so.”
“I’ll be living in California, but I’m sure we could try to get together again.”
“Ya, that would be great.” Echo whispered with pain in his voice.
“I’ll miss you.” I shut my eyes and breathed in deeply.
Echo lifted my chin and kissed me softly on the lips. “I’ll miss you too beautiful.”
I opened my eyes and I could see tears welling up in his, but he quickly turned to face the steering wheel. “We’d better get on the road. Ready?”
“I think so.”
Echo sped out of the parking lot of the apartment complex. I could feel the tension in the car escalating as we drove in silence to the airport. There was a very solemn mood circulating in the car. The sky mirrored our moods as the sun disappeared behind the grey clouds.
Echo parked the car at the airport and walked me to the Southwest desk. I checked in my two bags and retrieved my boarding pass. We walked hand in hand to the security check in.
“This is where I see you off.” He said sadly.
I placed my bags on the floor. “Thank you Echo for everything.” Our eyes locked and my heart ached at the thought of leaving him. “I’ll miss you so much.”
“I’ll miss you too, my Harmony.”
“Will you keep in touch?” My voice cracked as I tried to hold back my tears. We both knew what this meant for us. We couldn’t be in a relationship when we didn’t even know what the future held. There was an unsaid understanding about our newly severed status as boyfriend and girlfriend.
“You know I will.” He breathed.
We hugged one last time squeezing as tightly as we could. I didn’t want to let him go.
“Please give your family my best, and take care of yourself.”
“I lo…. I will.” I wanted so badly to express my feelings towards him, but this would not be the right time. Not when we were about to separate from one another. “You too…”
He kissed me with his warm lips. I could feel a tear trickle down his face onto mine. He pulled back and breathed deeply, “I wish your grandma the best. Goodbye for now.” He squeezed my hand and released his hold. He glanced into my eyes and winked. He turned around slowly and walked away with his head down and hands in his pockets.
I took a few deep breaths and wiped the tears from under my eyes. I walked into the security line and waited my turn. I looked back to see if Echo was still there, but there was no sight of him. He was gone. 


Chapter Forty Five

The trip back seemed like a blur as I raced through the hospital doors. My dad trailed behind me and guided me to my grandma’s room. One knock and my mom opened the door.
“Mom.” I gave her a hug. “How is she?”
“She’s stable. She’s asleep though. Come on in.” She whispered as she held the door open for my dad and myself.
“That was fast.” My mom stated.
“Dad was there as soon as I landed and he sped all the way here.”
“I’m glad you made it honey.” She muttered sadly. “I know it must have been hard leaving Echo.”
I pressed my lips together and tried my best to not become emotional. “It’s alright. I need to be here. I want to be.”
My mom placed her hand on my shoulder and squeezed firmly.
“Sweetheart, would you like to go home and rest. We can come back as soon as she wakes up.” My dad offered.
“No, thanks Dad. I think I’ll stay here with Grandma. But you and Mom need a break. Why don’t you guys go home? I’ll let you know when she’s awake.”
“Are you sure honey?” My mom asked.
“Yes, I’m sure. I’ll stay.”
“Alright dear, we’ll be back then. Please call us when she wakes up.”
“I will.”
“I love you.” My mom kissed me on the cheek.
My dad placed his hand on my head. “Stay strong kiddo. Everything will be alright.”
“Thanks Dad.”
“Bye.” My mom whispered. She took one last look at my grandma and they left the room.
I sat there for hours, waiting for her to make a sound or move, but she remained silent and still. Nurses came and went, checking on her vitals every now and again. I rested on the armchair in the corner next to my grandma. I watched as she slept so peacefully. I hoped and prayed that she would be okay.
Before I knew it, I was drifting off into sleep. I was in a park that looked like Lithia Park. I could see Echo in the distance, but every time I walked towards him, he seemed to fade further and further from me. I began to run after him, but somehow my running was in slow motion. I couldn’t seem to control my pace. I panicked as I realized he was slipping away from me. I worried I would never catch up to him.
I awoke to the sound of deep coughing. I gasped and looked over at the clock on the wall. I had been sleeping for three hours. It was pitch black outside and I was a bit cold. I looked over at my grandma and saw her fingers moving slightly.
“Nana,” I swallowed. I reached over and held her hand. I saw her eyeballs moving under her lids. “It’s me Nana. It’s Harmony.”
Slowly, I saw her eyes open. She looked at me, her eyes red and confused. “Harmony?” She croaked.
“Hi Nana.” I said happily and breathed a sigh of relief.
“How did you get here habibi?”
“I took a flight out today. Well, yesterday.” I realized it was past midnight already.
“I’m happy to see you habibi.”
“I’m happy to see you too. How are you feeling?”
“I’m okay. Don’t worry about me.” She said weakly.
“I’m gonna call Mom and Dad. They said to call when you’re awake.”
“Hello? How are you feeling today?” The nurse asked my grandma as she walked in.
I took a moment to call my mom and let her know my grandma had woken up.
“Okay I called. They should be here soon.” I told my grandma as the nurse walked out.
“That’s good habibi.”
“Nana, what did the nurse say?”
“They are going to keep me here. I have lack of oxygen to my heart, so they need to keep a close eye on me.”
A worried look must have washed over my face. “Oh.”
“Don’t worry habibi. Everything will be okay.” She smiled and lifted her fragile hand. “Come, sit. I haven’t seen you in so long. You must catch me up on the latest in your life.”
I sat down next to her and held her hand. “I’ve missed you Nana.”
“I’ve missed you too. You had a big scare in the hospital yourself a while ago. How are you feeling now?”
“Oh I’m great Nana. Everything is wonderful. That jerk is completely out of my life and I’ve had a fresh start ever since.”
“That’s great to hear habibi. Your mom has told me that you have a prince charming up there. He sounds like guardian angel to me,” she muttered weakly with her strong accent.
I smiled as I thought about Echo. “He sure is. He’s been a wonderful friend. I’ve made quite a few life long friends up there.”
“He sounds like more than a friend. Your mom said you are supposed to go away with him on a College trip for summer.”
“Oh. Ya, that’s not going to work out.”
“Why not?”
“Well, he leaves tomorrow.”
“Oh habibi, you didn’t because of me?”
“No, I wanted to come here. This is where I want to be.”
“You’re sure?”
“Yes Nana,” I squeezed her hand. “I’m sure.”
I could hear her wheezing. I knew she was having trouble breathing. She began to cough.
“Nana, are you alright?”
“Never been better.” She coughed again. “Don’t worry habibi. I’ll be fine. Please fill me in some more. Tell me more about this angel of yours.”
I giggled. “His name is Echo.”
“Echo. I like that name. Echo and Harmony. Harmony and Echo. Harmony’s Echo.”
“Nana,” I whined.
“Oh habibi, when you get to be my age, you know a thing or two. And I can tell you have strong feelings for this one.”
“Maybe,” I smirked.
“Habibi, what was it like?” She groaned as she coughed loudly.
“Are you okay Nana?”
“Yes. Anyway, your mom said that your heart stopped beating. I thank heaven every day that you’re here. Was it scary?” I could tell that she was nervous about her own life being taken away. I could see the anxiety in her eyes.
“When my heart stopped?”
She nodded.
“No Nana, it wasn’t. It was actually very peaceful. The memory is a little bit foggy. But I remember dreaming of a white light, and seeing a woman. This woman was beautiful and loving. She protected me. She even called me her daughter. Wait,” I tapped my fingers against my lips. “She called me by a different name. What was it? Oh, I think it was Zera. No, no that’s not it. Zoora. No. Hmmm.”
My Grandma sat up a little in bed and she looked at me intently. “Harmony?”
I looked over at her, “Hmm?”
“Was it Zahra?”
“Yes!” I screeched. “Whoa, how did you know that?”
“Did she say what her name was?”
“Yes. As a matter of fact, it’s the same name that the spirit gave when I played the Quija board a long time ago.”
“What was it habibi?”
“Isis. Why?”
She gasped. Her shaky, fragile hand covered her mouth. “Oh my…” she muttered. “The story is true.”
“What story?”
“And you’re her.”
“Nana, are you alright? Because I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
She cleared her throat and reached for my hand. “Have I ever told you the story?”
“The story?” I asked, a bit confused.
“The story of Zahra.”
“There’s a story?”
“Yes.”
“No, you haven’t.”
“Your Great, Great Grandmother, Elizabeth, documented the stories of our Ancestors. Many stories have been passed on generation, after generation. She found these stories to be so interesting that she kept a journal of them, especially the story about Zahra.”
My eyes widened in amazement as I listened to my grandma’s tale.
“Zahra’s father was a Pharaoh, and her mother was a homemaker. Her name was Isis.” She spoke softly.
“Wow, I can’t believe this is all real. So we are related to Isis?”
“We share a common ancestor.”
I was entranced by her story. So much so, I couldn’t breathe a word. I just listened.
“Hello?” My mom walked in the room with my dad behind her. “Mom!” She ran to my grandma and hugged her.
“Hello, Sara.”
“How are you feeling Mom?”
“I’m okay.”
“We got here as soon as we could.”
My dad stood in the background. He lifted his hand, “Hi Mom, glad to see you up and talking.”
“Thank you. And how are you both doing?”
“Better now that you’re awake Mom.”
“I was just telling Harmony a story. The story of Zahra. Do you remember me sharing that story with you when you were a young child?”
My mom thought hard, “Vaguely. I remember the name. Didn’t you have that journal with the whole story?”
“Yes, I was just telling Harmony that Elizabeth had written about the story in her journal.”
“Nana, you have the journal?”
“Yes, I…” she began to cough heavily. Her voice trailed off and her breathing thickened. She was now wheezing.
“Mom!” My mother cried. “Doctor?” She screeched loudly.
“Harmony,” My grandma grabbed hold of my arm with the little strength she had. “You must read the story. My journal is under my bed in a wooden box with flower designs. I love you.”
“I love you too.” The machines she was attached to were beeping uncontrollably.
Nurses ran in, and not long after the doctor soared in the room. “We need some space everyone!” He yelled to us.
I lifted off of the chair and released my grandma’s hand in terror. I ran over to my parents who were in the corner of the room. I held on to my mom as the doctor and nurses worked frantically on my grandma.
“What’s happening?” I sobbed.
“Shh… it’s okay honey. It’s going to be okay.” My mom croaked as she began to choke up.
“Come here you two.” My dad wrapped his arm around the both of us and held us while we watched in terror.
Suddenly, everything quieted down. The doctor and nurses stopped working, and all we could hear was a loud monotone beep.
“Nana?” I screeched.
“Defibrillator now!” The doctor screamed at the nurse. She reached for the large defibrillator and handed it to him. “Clear!”
I sobbed uncontrollably. The whole thing seemed to be a blur. Their efforts were unsuccessful in reviving my grandma. Within a few minutes, she was pronounced dead.
I held on to my mom who couldn’t contain herself. Her efforts at being strong were thrown out the window as she cried hysterically. My dad consoled the both of us. He had tears trickling down his face, but he remained strong for my mom and me.
The doctor walked over to us with his head bowed. “I’m so sorry for your loss. Please, I must ask you to say your goodbyes. We will need to take her away.”
My mom sniffled and nodded. She walked with me hand in hand over to my grandma’s lifeless body. As I glanced at her lying there so still, I felt a sense of peace. I could see the serenity in her facial expression. I knew she was in a better place. My mom, dad and I each said our goodbyes.
I took one last look at my grandma and headed for the door. I heard my mom speak to the doctor. “She wanted to be cremated. How should we go about doing that? I wasn’t prepared for any of this.” She cried.
“Don’t worry M’am, I’ll have someone come speak with you and help you with those arrangements.”
“Thank you.”
My parents walked behind me as we exited her room. I whispered softly to myself. “Goodbye Nana.”


Chapter Forty Six

It had been an emotional day to say the least. Of all things, I never expected to lose my grandma that day. I really thought she was going to be okay. The doctor said that there was just too much damage done from the heart attack that her body couldn’t take it anymore. A few hours after her passing, I’d finally come to grips with the fact that she was actually gone. I missed her already.
We had spent most of the early morning hours at the hospital taking care of the arrangements to fulfill my grandma’s wishes and have her cremated. The cremation was set for the next day, which was when they would transport her body to the mortuary. My dad drove my mom and I back to the house while he went out to pick up some pizza. I wasn’t hungry, and neither was my mom, but he insisted that we needed to eat.
“Are you alright sweetheart?” My mom asked. Her tall stack of wet tissues fell off of her lap as she repositioned herself on the couch.
I sighed heavily, “As alright as I can be. How about you Mom?”
“Oh, you know. I’m holding up okay.” She cried. “It doesn’t matter how old you are, losing your mother is never easy.”
“I know. I’m sorry Mom.” I walked over to her and held her as she sobbed on my shoulder.
She patted me on the back. “Thanks honey. It’s alright. I’m just glad you’re here.”
“Me too.” I sat back on the other couch.
“I miss her already. I just spoke to her last night. It seems so surreal.” My mom said as she gazed at a spot on the ceiling.
“Yes. It does. I’m glad I came home. I was able to reconnect with her a little bit.”
My mom blew her nose. “That’s right. You two were talking for a while. Tell me what you discussed.” She smiled as she thought about our conversation.
I shared with her everything my grandma and I spoke about. I told her about how she called Echo an angel and I finally heard my mom giggle a little. Then I told her about the conversation of my near death experience and the vision I had.
“You never told me about that.”
“I guess I forgot.”
“Wow, Harmony. That sounds like you actually connected with your ancestor’s spirit.”
I gazed out the window in wonder. “You really think so?”
“I do.”
“I thought you didn’t like all that spirit stuff.”
“Well, things change. I can be open minded.” She joked.
I was happy to see her break a little smile. “What do you think about the whole Zahra thing?”
“Well, I don’t know. That’s tough. Isis called you Zahra?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t know if I believe in these things, but if I did, then that would mean you are the reincarnated spirit of Zahra.”
I thought about it more seriously now. “If that were true, then that means that I really did experience something supernatural, and Isis saved my life. She pushed me back into Earth.”
“Whether or not that’s true honey, it’s a beautiful story. I do know one thing. You have angels watching over you.”
I smiled. “Grandma told me to read the journal. She said it’s under her bed. I’m curious to know more about the story.”
“I’ll tell you what. Once we finish dinner, we’ll head over to your grandmother’s place so you can get that journal. Your grandma wanted you to have it, so I think it’s appropriate for you to be the one to keep it.”
“Thanks Mom.”
My dad had returned with a large pizza in hand. After smelling it, I realized I was hungry and had two pieces.
After dinner, just as promised, my mom, dad and I headed over to my grandma’s place. As we reached the front of her house, the mood in the car became melancholy. I took a deep breath and stepped out of the car. I waited for my parents to reach the front door and open it. I gazed at the home as tears flowed down my face and slowly walked in behind them.
“It seems so empty without her.” My mom broke the silence.
I nodded as I gazed around the one story home.
“It feels peaceful though. I think she’s at peace.” My mom uttered.
“She is Mom,” I looked over at her and reassured her. “She is.”
“She’s in a good place Sara.” My dad wrapped his arms around her and held her close.
“I know,” she mumbled. She steadied her breathing and looked over at me. “Honey, I’m going to spend some time in the living room. Why don’t you go ahead and look for that journal?”
“Okay.” I perched my lip up into a sympathetic smile and walked towards my grandma’s bedroom.
As I approached the end of the hall, I could already smell my grandma’s potent perfume emanating from her room. She had always worn the same perfume since I was a young child.
I walked in and instantly, a cold chill swooped past me. I wrapped my arms around my chest. “Brr, it’s cold in here.”
I gazed around the dark room. I looked to my left and saw my grandma’s bed in the right, back corner and her dresser and armoire were on the left. Her bed was made perfectly and her perfume was where it always was, on her dresser, along with her spray deodorant, hair spray and small antique looking mirror. Her comb was situated on the dresser with a few loose hairs, as if she’d just comber her hair. Her bathroom, on the opposite side of the room was open and the light was on.
An eerie feeling swept over me. My grandma was no longer with us and yet her home felt as though she still lived there. I quickly skipped to her bed and kneeled down. I peeked under the bed skirt and reached my hand under there. Gently I patted around to find the box. I felt something solid, so I pulled it out from under the bed, but it was a shoebox full of yarn. I pushed the shoebox back under the bed.
I moved to the middle of the bed and began my search again. This time when I patted around, I felt a small solid box. When I tried to move it, it seemed a lot heavier than the shoebox I’d found. I used both hands and pulled it out slowly. It looked like a wooden box. I picked it up and walked over to the dimly lit bathroom to get a better look. It was the one - the box my grandma talked about. It was exactly how she described it. I felt another cold breeze pass by me. I shuddered. I held the box close to my chest and paced quickly out of the room.
I ran into the living room breathless, with the box in my arms.
“Hey honey, did you find it?” My mom asked.
“Yes, I did.” I lifted it a little for her to see.
“That’s the one. I remember that box. Are you alright?”
“Ya, I’m just… It’s just eerie being here without Nana.”
“I know baby, I know.” She looked over at my dad, “I think we’re ready my love.”
My dad perched up off the couch. “Alright then, let’s get you two home.”
I gazed around the home as we walked out. I closed my eyes for a moment and recalled memories of my grandma in the kitchen baking cookies and baklava. “I love you Nana,” I mumbled under my breath. I inhaled deeply and walked out the door.
I held on to the box the whole way home. I didn’t want to open it just yet. My parents headed for their bedroom when we arrived. I wasn’t ready for bed just yet. After I’d taken a long, hot shower, I got comfortable and headed for my old room. I jumped into my bed and stared at the wooden box that rested in front of me. I reached for it and carefully placed it on my lap.
Gently, I lifted the tab and the box creaked open. Dust had lifted out of the box and I whipped my hand around to air it out. I dusted off the journal and smoothly lifted it out of the box. The journal cover was brown in color and had a lock that kept the journal closed. I looked around the box and saw a faded, small gold key. I used it to unlock the journal. I gently opened the journal. The pages were barely sticking together, probably due to moisture over the years.
As I opened the first page I noticed an old, dried out, preserved flower. With closer inspection, I noticed it was a lotus flower. I lifted the cream-colored flower and saw writing on the front page that read Lotus Love. I wanted to flip the page and read on, but my eyes kept closing. I placed the flower back into the journal and placed the journal back into the box. It had been nearly twenty-four hours since I’d slept, and it didn’t take long before I passed out into a deep sleep.
“Zahra…” I heard as I floated next to a beautiful river. The sand filled wind whipped past my face as I admired the glimmering waves of the water. “Zahra…” The female voice repeated. I gazed around the river and looked forward to find the culprit. Abruptly I stopped. I felt someone behind me. I turned and a figure in a white, hooded robe had his or her head bowed down. I tilted my head and smiled.
“Hello,” I said softly.
Instantly, tender hands lifted the hood of the robe and I could see her angelic face, “Hello my dear.”
“Isis!” I proclaimed.
“Now you know the truth. Do what you will with this information sweetheart. All I want is for you to be happy.”
“Isis, you saved my life,” I felt an abundance of gratitude for her.
“It wasn’t just me my daughter. Jahir helped bring you back as well.”
“What do you mean?”
“I have to go…” She floated backwards quickly.
“No, Isis, please…” I ran after her.
“You know… You know…” Her voice echoed from afar. With those last words, she disappeared into the brown background.
It was difficult waking up that next morning. The realization that my grandma was gone had set in, and I knew that my mom would be struggling today during the cremation. As I walked down the stairs I could hear sniffling coming from the living room.
“Good morning Mom,” I said empathetically.
“Hi honey,” she lifted her arms up from her seat on the couch, “come here.”
I walked to her as she wrapped her arms around me.
“How are you doing this morning dear?”
“I’m okay. How are you Mom?”
“I’ve been better.” She perched a smile and wiped the tears off her face with tissue. “But I’ll be okay.”
I could feel the tears well up in my eyes. “I miss her.”
“Me too.” My mom stood up and walked into the kitchen. “Would you like some coffee dear?”
“Yes please.” I fell onto the couch and watched as my mom made coffee. I loved the sound and aroma of brewing coffee in the morning. It felt comfortable to be at home with my family. Even though that was a very difficult time, it brought us all closer.
I remembered the trip with Echo; realizing he would be leaving for Portland today. A part of me ached for him, but I couldn’t focus on much other than my grandma’s passing.
My mom carried our cups of coffee into the living room. “Here you are.”
“Thanks Mom.”
“So, tell me honey,” she sipped her coffee and sat on the other couch and faced me. “Did you read the journal?”
“No, I didn’t have a chance to. I was so tired, I passed out before I could get past the first page.”
“Oh. Well, it was an exhausting and draining day.”
“I had a very vivid dream last night though.”
“Tell me about it.”
“I was walking next to a very serene river, and a lady in a white robe appeared. She lifted her head and I saw that it was Isis.”
My mom furrowed her brow, “Really? What did she say?”
“She called me Zahra again and said now I know the truth. I thanked her for saving my life during my near death experience. But she said that it wasn’t just her who saved my life. She said Jahir brought me back as well.”
“Jahir?” My mom said with a confused expression. “That sounds familiar.”
I shrugged my shoulders and sipped on my coffee.
“Maybe the journal will have more answers for you.”
“There was a dried flower in the book and a title,” I recalled.
“What’s the title?”
“Lotus Love.”
“Ahh, yes. I vaguely remember that. Why don’t you bring the journal down here?”
“Okay.” I ran up the stairs and brought the wooden box back downstairs. “Here it is.” I handed her the box.
“Wow, this is so old. I remember your grandmother showing this to me when I was a young girl.” She opened it and pulled out the journal and opened up the front page. “What a pretty flower.”
“I think it’s a Lotus.”
“Well, that would fit perfectly with the title of the story then. Here sweetheart,” she handed me the journal, “read it.”
I took the journal from her hands and sat down on the couch. “Lotus Love,” I turned the page to begin the story. “Psamtic, a Pharaoh long ago, had many wives, but of those wives, his number one was a beautiful woman by the name of Isis. Psamtic and Isis had a child later on in life, but in their early years of marriage, they had their first, a young girl whose tragic story has been passed down from generation to generation. Here is the necromantic yet fateful story of a young woman by the name of Zahra.” I read on, my mom silent as she listened to the story. Page after page I read about Zahra’s love for Jahir - her best friend, and their story of true love that was severed so early in its prime. Tears streamed down my face as I read of that unfortunate night when she lost her life, and of her soul mate who never stopped believing that one day, he would be reunited with her. I paused after the story and breathed deeply.
“Keep going.” My mom insisted.
“After Zahra’s death, her Mother lived on, but never truly found peace again. She’d vowed that if she possessed the power, she would one day reunite Zahra and Jahir, and that one day the union will be validated by the lotus flower, a powerful symbol in her day.” I gasped as my mouth dropped to the floor. I stared at the book I held in my hands. Thoughts began to race through my mind. Memories of the recent past; the lotus bowl, the near death experience, the dreams, and… Echo. “Oh my gosh.” I breathed.
“What’s wrong?”
“It all makes sense.” I couldn’t focus on one specific thing. All those images were like photos snapping in my mind. I couldn’t believe it.
“What is it honey?” My mom broke my concentration.
I held my breath and looked up at her, “Mom… I’m Zahra… and Echo… he’s… he was Jahir.” I began to tear up as the puzzle pieces of my life began to make sense.
“What are you saying?”
“Mom, I know you don’t believe in any of this stuff, but open your mind a little. Everything that I’ve shared with you recently, my dreams, my near death experience, the lotus bowl and the lotus flowers Echo gave me. No one has ever given me a lotus flower, ever! Don’t you get it Mom? The story. It’s us. It’s him and me. Isis brought us together again, and Nana helped me to figure that out. Isis just said in my dream last night that Jahir helped to bring me back to life as well. Echo is the one who performed CPR on me and saved me. So Echo must be Jahir.”
“Oh my word,” my mom gasped as she placed her hands over her mouth. I saw the tears well up in her eyes. “But that’s not possible. Is it?”
“Mom, think about it.” I asked desperately as my throat clenched and I held back from crying.
“That’s unbelievable.”
“Echo!” I recalled his trip was today. “He’s already gone.”
“Harmony,” my mom lifted off the couch and grabbed my hands in hers. “Honey, do you love him?”
Without hesitation, my voice cracked and I spoke honestly. “More than life itself.” I closed my eyes as the tears flowed out.
“Then you must go.”
“He’s already gone.”
“Where to?”
“He’s on his way to Portland right now.”
“Then go to Portland.” My mom articulated and looked at me intently. I knew she meant every word.
“What about Nana?”
“Honey, your grandma would have wanted you to go. Why do you think she told you about the journal? She wanted you to be happy.”
I nodded in agreement. “You sure? Will you be okay?”
“I will be much better when you’re happy. So that means you need to go and find your true love. If I had that opportunity Harmony, I wouldn’t give it up. I mean that.”
“Thank you Mom.” I reached up and held her.
“You’re welcome. Now go, get your stuff. I’ll tell your father what’s going on.”
“I don’t know if he’ll…”
“Never mind what he’ll say. He will understand. Now go pack your things.”
“Okay.” I ran up the stairs and started throwing my clothes and belongings into my duffle bag.
I heard my mom run up the stairs after me and shuffle through her room. Whispers echoed through the walls of her bedroom. I knew she was explaining what was going on to my dad. I heard him storm out of the room. His footsteps grew louder and louder, until they stopped at my doorway.
I looked over at his stern face. “Hey Dad.”
“Harmony, are you sure about this?”
I looked him right in the eyes. “I’ve never been more sure about anything else in my life.”
“You love him?”
“Yes. I love him very much.”
His expression softened. “Well, then sweetheart, who am I to stop you?”
I ran to him as he opened his arms and embraced me. “I love you Dad.”
“I love you too sweetheart.” He released his embrace, “I’ll call the airlines.”
“Okay. Thank you.” I continued to pack my things as I paced back and forth from the bathroom to my bedroom.
“Harmony,” my dad said, “their next flight to Portland doesn’t leave until tomorrow afternoon.”
My heart sank into my stomach.
“But you can take a flight to Eugene. It leaves early morning tomorrow.”
“If those are my only options, then I’ll go with Eugene.”
“But honey, it’s a two hour drive from Eugene to Portland. You would be there at the same time if you just take the flight to Portland.”
“Oh,” I sighed sadly, “I guess the Portland flight then.”
I sat on my bed discouraged. I didn’t want to be too late. I frantically looked for my phone on the bed. I picked it up and dialed his number.
“What are you doing hon?” My mom walked in.
“Calling Echo.”
His phone was turned off. I tried again and this time listened to the recording, “You’ve reached Echo. I will be on vacation for the next three months and will not be taking my phone with me….” I couldn’t even finish the message.
I covered my face in my hands and wept.
“What happened?” My mom asked sympathetically.
“He isn’t taking his phone with him. What if he’s gone before I get there?”
“Don’t worry. Everything will happen the way it’s supposed to.”
“But what if?”
“Don’t worry about the what if. There is always a solution. Everything will work out. Okay?”
I nodded, “Ya.” I worried so much that I was going to be too late. But I still had to try and find him before he left Oregon.
I felt nervous about every passing minute that I wasn’t on the way to Portland. My mom and dad had gone to pick up my grandma’s ashes, and I’d decided to stay home. Over and over again I read the story, baffled at the circumstances and connections between Zahra and Jahir and Echo and me. It was unbelievable. I wasn’t sure I could even wrap my head around it. All I knew is that I was madly in love with Echo, and everything that had happened in my life thus far, finally made sense.
I began to piece together some of the puzzles from the past. My grandma’s cup reading long ago, that read there are two sides to the man with the P name who ended up being Taylor. There was the message from the Quija board in which Isis stated there would be trials and tribulations in the future. All of my dreams. My grandma telling me that every occurrence had a purpose. I knew at that moment that every stage of my life has led me to my destiny. One thing I was sure of was that I loved Echo more than life itself. Whenever we were together, I felt like our souls were connected. Whether the story in my grandma’s journal was about Echo and I in a past life or not, I still knew in my heart that we were meant to be together.
Then suddenly, I recalled a memory on a night when Echo and I were on a date. We had both felt a jolt of electricity and had picture flashes of pyramids and a dessert. I gasped. I realized that those were not just pictures. They were memories. Memories from a life once lived. “It’s true.” My one true love that I’d been waiting for, for centuries was Echo. At that moment, I truly believed with all my heart that the story was true, and Echo and I had found one another again.
I stowed the journal safely away in my bag and waited as patiently as I could for the night to come, and tomorrow to begin.


Chapter Forty Seven

I had set my alarm to wake up bright and early. I had my daily cup of Joe as I tapped my feet on the ground waiting for the minutes to pass by quickly. After showering and getting dressed, I placed the rest of my belongings into my duffle bag and purse. I frantically gathered my bags and followed my dad to the car. My mom followed right behind.
“Sweetheart.” She held my shoulder and turned me around to face her.
“Yes Mom?”
“Take care of yourself.” She embraced me quickly.
“I will. I love you.”
“I love you too,” She blew me a kiss, “and good luck,” she said excitedly.
I smiled widely. “Bye Mom.” I uttered as I got in the car.
“Are you ready Harmony?” My dad turned the ignition on and prepared to reverse.
“I’m ready.” I smiled.
I was leaving beautiful sunny California yet again and flying back to the greenest place I had ever seen. I felt every type of excitement and anxiety on that drive. I hoped that I would find Echo in Portland.
After saying his goodbyes, my dad dropped me off at the curbside and wished me luck. I’d flown so many times that I was used to the whole routine by then. Get a boarding pass, check in bags, go through security, and wait for your flight, blah blah blah. Although this time, I wouldn’t have to check in any bags. I only had my duffle bag and purse that I could easily carry. I couldn’t wait to set foot in Oregon again.
The flight was smooth that day with no turbulence at all. The cabin was nice and peaceful with only fifty percent occupancy. Every few minutes I would peek at the journal that I kept tucked away in my bag, making sure it was safe. In about four and a half hours, we were finally landing at the airport.
My heart raced as I stood up and followed the other passengers off of the plane with my bags in hand. I walked downstairs and looked for a door that read Taxi. “There.” I mumbled to myself. I sprinted to the door and walked out.
“Taxi?” The gentleman asked.
“Yes please.”
“Give me a sec.” He blew his whistle loudly and gestured for a taxi to pull forward.
“Thank you.”
“No problem M’am.” He tipped his hat forward.
“Hi. Where are we going?” The baldheaded driver said while barely turning his head away from the road. The top of his head shined as if he had lathered oil all over it.
“Um, OMSI. I don’t know where it is,” I said as I threw my duffle bag and purse onto the empty seat next to me.
“Ah, OMSI, got it,” he said with his barely noticeable accent.
“Oh,” I sighed in relief. I’m glad he knew where he was going.
Portland was quite a bit busier than Ashland, although there were similarities between Ashland and Portland, like both of their lush landscapes. Portland was picturesque with its opulent greenery and vast river that flowed through, which separated its border from Washington State. There were more bridges than I could count and everyone seemed to be dressed for eighty-degree weather when it was only sixty degrees out. I loved the fact that there were so many people outdoors who were walking, biking, stroller pushing, and having coffee while their children were playing in the park. Although Portland was a large city, it gave the impression of a small town.
“Here we are M’am. It’ll be twenty-one dollars.”
“Oh,” I’d been so distracted with the sights that I hadn’t even noticed we had arrived. Suddenly, I felt the anxiety build up in the pit of my stomach again. I reached into my purse and pulled out twenty-five dollars from my wallet. “Here you go sir. Keep the change.” I lifted my purse and duffle bag onto my shoulder and reached for the door. “Sir, if I need a ride back to the airport, how do I call a taxi?”
He chuckled, “Here you are. Here’s a card. Call this number and they’ll send someone out to pick you up.”
“Thank you.”
I grabbed the card and shot up out of the car. I stood there for a moment as the Taxi sped off. I stared at the entrance to OMSI. I knew I was blindly walking into a situation in which I had no idea if Echo would be in there or not. But it was a chance I had to take. I closed my eyes for a moment and took a deep breath in. I exhaled and walked towards the entrance with intent.
After I had bought the ticket, I entered the Museum. I walked around a little bit, trying to find any sign of Echo. OMSI was a large museum equipped with a planetarium, a submarine, dinosaur bones, and anything else you would expect a Museum of Science and Industry to have.
I didn’t pay too much attention to the Museum. I had one focus and that was to find Echo. I felt the knots tighten up in my stomach as I gazed around the Museum but didn’t see Echo. I paced around for about ten minutes and found no sight of him, but then, a part of me became rather excited. I saw a young woman wearing an SOU sweatshirt.
Without hesitation, I walked quickly over to her and asked politely, “Excuse me?”
She turned her head to face me. “Yes?” She flung her long, red hair behind her shoulders and stood about six feet tall.
“Are you here with the Astronomy group from SOU?”
“Ya, how’d you know?”
“My boy… I mean, my friend is with the group as well. In fact I’m looking for him. Do you know Echo? Echo Nordin?”
“Oh, ya Echo. Of course. Although, I haven’t seen him for a few hours. He might have left with the first group.”
“Left?”
“Ya, half of the group took earlier flights to Greece. The rest of us will leave tomorrow morning.”
My heart ached in pain. “Oh no.”
“But he also might be with the other group.”
“Other group?” I felt like my head was going in circles with all the information she was throwing at me.
“Most of the group that is left is on their way to Forest Park. I’m going to meet them later, I just wanted to stay and check out the submarine.”
I’m not interested in what your plans are! “What’s going on at Forest Park?” I asked urgently.
“Star gazing tonight. It’s pretty dark there at night so the group is setting up some telescopes. There are supposed to be some meteor showers tonight.”
“Thank you so much.” I whipped around and left the building. I frantically searched for my phone in my purse and dialed the number on the card the Taxi driver had given me.
But before I could finish dialing I heard a voice call out, “M’am?”
I looked up. It was the same Taxi Driver waiting right in front of OMSI. I felt relief for a moment’s time.
“I thought you might need a ride soon.”
“How did you know?” I asked baffled, yet relieved.
“I could just tell. Where to?” He offered a half smile.
“Forest Park.”
“Hmm… there are a few entrances. Any idea where?”
“I’m sorry, I don’t know. All I know is that there are some people star gazing.”
“Okay, I think I might know where to take you.” He began to drive. “Is this your first time in Portland?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Well, this time I’ll give you my direct number. Don’t stay in Forest Park alone all night. It’s a pretty big park and you can easily lose sense of direction after the sun goes down. It is very dark in there. You have a good three hours until the sun sets.”
I gulped nervously. “Okay, thank you.”
We drove through a residential area and before I knew it, I was staring into a magnificent park that looked nothing like a park, but a captivating forest.
“I can’t go any further. The chains are there to prevent cars from driving through. Read that billboard to the right. It’ll guide you to different trails in the park. Don’t be nervous, plenty of people walk the park. You’ll be fine.”
“Thank you so much. Here’s a twenty.”
“Change?”
“No thank you.”
“Okay, be safe now.”
I smiled and walked out. I threw my purse and duffle bag over my shoulder and walked around the chains to the trail. I glanced at the billboard. It was a map of the whole park. I wasn’t sure which way to go. I decided my best bet was to just walk the park and take my chances on finding the group from SOU.
I walked at a fast pace, checking out all of the amazing surroundings. The park felt like a movie set. It seemed almost too beautiful to be real; like a mirage. The trees soared high into the sky and covered every inch of the park. The rocks that lined the trail were covered in green moss. Even all the bark on the trees were green from all the moss covering. It felt cooler as I entered through that mystical looking place.
I saw a couple walking their dog and another two gentleman jogged passed me. In the next mile I walked, I saw quite a few people jogging or walking by; some with their Starbucks coffee in hand, and others with babies in strollers. It seemed like a very popular place for people from all walks of life.
I was becoming a little bit discouraged after not finding any sign of Echo or the group from SOU. As I walked further, I heard many voices trailing from one particular corner. I quickly followed the voices, veered off the path slightly and turned the corner. I was ecstatic to find two telescopes set up and a group of what looked to be college students standing around. But I saw no sign of Echo.
“Excuse me?” I walked up to a group of four. “Are you from SOU?”
“Yes, we are. Did you want to join us for some star gazing tonight?” A young brunette woman offered.
“Oh,” I was relieved I’d finally found the group. “Thank you, but I’m actually looking for someone. Echo Nordin. Is he here with you?”
“Ya.” She peered around at the rest of the group and furrowed her brow. “Well, he was.” She looked over at one of the guys standing in the opposite corner, “Hey Todd?”
“Ya?” He responded.
“Have you seen Echo?”
“Not recently. He left about an hour ago. He didn’t say where, he just seemed troubled about something.”
The brunette looked at me. I knew she could see the tension in my face. She turned back to Todd. “Did you see which way he went?”
“Ya, he went down the trail that way.” He pointed towards the direction I hadn’t been down yet.
I looked over at the young woman. “Thank you,” I breathed.
I turned and quickly began to pace down the trail.
“Wait, what’s your name, just in case he comes back?”
“Harmony.” I yelled and headed off deeper into Forest Park.
The trail narrowed and the massive trees covered a lot of the light from the sun. A little bit of the sun’s bright rays peeked through the leaves and lit the dirt trail I was walking on. “Echo, where are you?” I mumbled under my breath. I hugged my purse closer to me and felt the journal inside. It gave me strength to push on and keep searching for Echo. I pushed my duffle bag behind my back and walked as quickly as I could.
Frantically I looked around every corner. Every footstep I had heard, I would slow down and wait, hoping it would be Echo. I shuffled around the leaves that had fallen on the path. I felt discouraged and defeated. I have come all this way, and he’s already gone.
“Hi,” a lady said as she walked by with her yoga pants and bright pink shirt.
I just smiled and grumbled a low, “hello” under my breath. I wasn’t sure where I was going now. I was in the middle of Forest Park and didn’t know when I would find an exit.
I kept a steady pace and emerged upon a small bridge with a creek running under it. I stood on the bridge, watching as the water trickled slowly down the creek, and around the moss covered rocks and ground. I heard a clank on the water. Small rocks tumbled off of the larger rocks and into the creek. I looked to the direction from which they were coming, and I noticed someone sitting on the grass, next to the rocks. From where I stood, I could tell he was a male. He was fiddling with the ground beneath him. He kept his head down as he continued to throw rocks into the creek, which prevented me from seeing his face. He looked so very familiar. I admired his light brown and blonde tousled hair, which swayed effortlessly in the wind. I watched and waited for him to look up. Then, as if he’d heard me, he lifted his head upward in slow motion and looked in my direction.
Shock came over me, “Echo,” I whispered. I felt the muscles in my body release the tension and I became flushed with happiness.
“Harmony?” He perked up. “Harmony, is that you?”
“Echo!” I squealed. My heart felt as if it was going to burst out of my chest as I raced off of the bridge and ran towards him.
He shot up and sprinted towards me. I threw my bags onto the ground and lunged towards him. Before I had a chance to take a good look at him, he lifted me high into the air and held me in his warm embrace. “Harmony. I missed you.”
“I missed you too.” I breathed. Finally, I felt light as a feather again in his arms.
“How did you find me?” He asked, still holding on to me tightly.
“Long story.”
“Your grandma?”
I exhaled. “She’s gone.”
“Harmony, I’m so sorry.”
I pulled my head back to look at him. “It’s alright. She’s in a better place now.” I ran my fingers through his soft waves. “I missed you so much.”
“I missed you too,” his eyes twinkled with a look of love and commitment.
“Echo?”
“Yes, beautiful?” He said softly. His eyes focused on mine and I felt our souls connect.
“I love you.” I whispered.
His face glowed. His eyes welled up with tears and he grinned, “I love you too.” He planted his lips onto mine as he held my head in his hands. He looked at me once again, “I love you.”
“I love you.” I wrapped my lips around his and my tongue swirled in circles as I whisked my fingers through his hair. I yearned for his touch and embrace. The more he offered, the more I wanted.
I released my lips and stared into his gleaming eyes.
“Are you here to stay?” He asked as he caressed my cheek.
I nodded.
“I didn’t know when I would see you again.”
“I couldn’t wait until you got back. What if you found someone else?”
“Harmony, there’s no one else. There never has been and there never will be. There is only you!” He affirmed with conviction.
I felt tears trickle down my cheeks. He tenderly took his finger and wiped away my tears. “Run away with me,” he whispered softly.
“But Echo, you have this trip.”
“I can meet them later. Besides, my dad is the best Astronomer I know.”
“Meet the group later then?” I bit my lip in excitement.
“Yup,” he smiled up at me as he held me. My legs were wrapped around him tightly.
“In that case, how about a road trip?”
“Exactly what I was thinking. Where to, my beautiful Harmony?”
“My Harmony. I like the sound of that.”
He chuckled. “Not as much as I do.” He gave me a peck on the lips. He looked up at the sky. The sun was beginning to make its decent and the moon was already present. “It’s going to be dark soon. Would you like to head out tomorrow?”
“Sure.”
“Then what of tonight Milady?”
“I love your Shakespeare language.” I chuckled. “Well, I’m pretty beat. It’s been a long day. Rest?”
“Rest it is. Come on.” He gently slid me down onto the grass and reached for my hand. He quickly picked my bags up off of the ground and lifted them over his shoulder. I gripped his hand tightly we walked side by side to the nearest exit.
“Here, let me call a taxi.” I pulled out the card the taxi driver had given me and dialed his number. “Hi, it’s me again. Are you available?”
We waited as the taxi driver pulled up in five minutes time.
“I see you’ve found what you were looking for,” the taxi driver stated as he grinned from ear to ear.
Echo wrapped his arm around me. I gazed into his eyes. “I sure did,” I said without even turning my head.
“Where to?” The driver asked with a smirk on his face.
“Riverplace Hotel.” Echo pronounced.
“Oh, that’s luxurious.” The driver stated.
“Only the best for my Harmony.” He leaned down and kissed me passionately.
The sun had finally disappeared as we reached the hotel. As we drove up, I could see the river behind and around the building sparkle in the moonlight. Echo paid the driver and we exited the car with my bags in hand. The hotel was beautifully lit all around and the mood was romantic with soft music playing in the background. The entrance was adorned in large fancy vases filled with flowers.
“Ready beautiful.”
“Of course.”
We walked in to the front desk and Echo approached the concierge. “Two rooms please.”
The woman gave Echo an odd look.
I placed my hand on Echo’s arm and looked up at him. “One.”
He cleared his throat. “Excuse me. I meant, one room.”
“I’ll be over here.” I walked over to the guest shop, which was closed. I peered through the glass doors to look at their fine jewelry and fancy sunglasses. I imagined myself wealthy and purchasing a number of items in there. I glanced over at Echo, and he was leaning in, whispering to the woman. I tilted my head in confusion.
As I walked towards them, the woman behind the desk cleared her throat. “Alright sir,” she spoke loudly, “your room will be ready in about twenty minutes.”
“Thank you, we’ll wait here.” He turned to face me. “Would you like a bite to eat? The restaurant is open.”
“Sure, but why is it going to be twenty minutes?”
“Oh I don’t know. They have to clean or something like that. Come on, let’s grab a bite.”
Once we sat down at the restaurant, I began to fill him in on what had happened with my grandma, except for the part about the journal. He gave his condolences and asked what made me return to Oregon.
“I missed you, and I wanted to be with the man I love.”
He smiled his warm smile and his eyes sparkled brightly. “I love you so much my Harmony.” He stood over the table and kissed me.
After eating our sandwiches we had ordered, the concierge found us and gave Echo the key. “Enjoy your stay, Mr. and Mrs. Nordin.”
The sound of that combination made every inch of my body tingle with excitement. I looked at Echo who was glancing over at me with a warm grin.
“Are you ready Mrs. Nordin?” He said with one hand behind his back and the other reaching out to me.
“Why yes, I am Mr. Nordin.” He lifted me up and we walked to the elevator and waited as it ascended to our floor.
“Close your eyes.”
“Really?”
“Yes, please.”
“Okay.” I sealed my eyes shut and Echo led me to our hotel room. “One sec.” I heard him fiddle with the handle and the door creaked open. “Now, open your eyes.”
“Wow,” I gasped in amazement. I threw my bags onto the ground and peered around the room. The room was lit with candles all around. The floor was lined with flower petals, and on each of the night stands were bowls filled with water and floating lotus flowers. The King sized bed was lavished in cream-colored petals. I walked over to the far edge of the room, which overlooked the water. “This is breathtaking. How did you do this?”
“I have my ways. Do you like it?”
I shook my head, “I love it.” I lunged towards him and embraced him. “Thank you.” My lips touched his.
“You’re welcome.” He walked away to close the door and returned. “Are you okay with this?”
“With what?”
“Staying in one room? If you’d like, I can sleep on the couch.”
I stepped towards him so my body was connected with his and I reached for his face, “No,” I breathed, “stay with me.”
“With you?” his voice cracked as he whispered.
I nodded once, and slowly tilted my head upwards as I peered through his electric eyes. I felt the familiar jolt of electricity rush through my veins as my lips connected with his. His wet lips slowly massaged mine as he twirled and twisted his head intently. I yelped as I yearned for more. His breathing grew heavier as he wrapped his hands around my neck and slid his fingers through my hair. I focused on his eyes as I moved my hands under his shirt and slid my nails softly down his back. He licked his lips and lifted his shirt upwards. I gazed at his perfectly toned body and I tenderly felt around his chest down to his abs.
“You sure?” Echo whispered.
I placed my finger on his lips and lifted my shirt off. He looked down and examined me. He bent down and kissed me again. His warm lips wrapped around mine and moved to my neck and then my chest. He lifted me off the ground and carefully placed me on the bed.
“Harmony. We don’t have to.”
“I know.” I reached for my jeans and unbuttoned them.
He placed his hands on my hips and held on as he leaned over and kissed around my belly button and down towards my jeans. He looked up momentarily, “You’re absolutely sure?” He asked sweetly as he caressed my hips with his thumbs. I nodded. He gently moved his hands further down to remove my pants and threw them over the armchair next to the bed.
I reached up and unbuttoned his jeans and slide them down. I moved under the sheets and removed the rest of my undergarments while he removed his. He slithered under the down feather comforter and gazed into my eyes. “I love you,” he breathed softly.
“I love you too Echo.”


Chapter Forty Eight
I was in the dessert once again and I knew instantly that I was in Egypt. I sat next to a beautiful rock that had Zahra and Jahir etched into it. I admired it as I waited for him. Somehow, I knew he would come. I knew in my heart that we would finally connect with one another. I gazed at the peaceful water that glimmered beautifully in the sun.
“Ya Amar,” I heard his voice.
“There you are,” I whispered happily as I jumped up into his arms.
“I’ve waited so long for you my love,” he said as he kissed me tenderly.
“And I you.”
“I found you. After all this time… I finally found you,” he breathed.
“You kept your promise.” A tear trickled down my face.
“Stay with me forever?”
“I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.”
We embraced and I felt a white light encompass us. The warmth that enveloped all around us was filled with love, happiness and fulfillment.
I smiled as I awoke from my beautiful dream. My eyes opened slowly as the birds chirped musical euphonies just outside the window. I couldn’t be happier. The sun seemed brighter than it ever had as it beamed through the curtains. The wind blew harmonious tunes and everything tangible seemed more real than ever before. The future appeared more promising, and life in general seemed like a dream come true. Life was calling out to me like an echo from the highest of mountains.
More than anything, I felt such vibrant and intense love for the man lying down next to me. We possessed a love for one another that seemed unbreakable; a love so intense, even I didn’t know how to wrap my head around all of the feelings rushing through me all at once. I had found him - my one and only Soul Mate. Or as my grandma phrased it: Harmony’s Echo. Comical and yet mysterious, I thought to myself. Our names held their own meanings alone, and yet when combined, they created a story - our story. Strange how the Universe works.
His warm embrace warmed my soul and filled my heart will happiness. I could feel his sweet breath on my neck as he held me close to him. I reached behind me and placed my hand on his cheek. Gently, I brushed my hand down his face and slowly turned to face him. He looked angelic as he slept soundly. I kissed his luscious lips and snuck out of the bed.
I walked into the bathroom and turned the shower on. The shower was rather large, with a rain showerhead on the ceiling and another on the wall. Once the water reached a comfortable temperature, I walked into the warm, natural stone shower. I closed my eyes and basked in the steam and warm water dripping down my face. I whisked my fingers through my hair and breathed in deeply.
I heard a noise behind me, but before I could turn my head, I felt Echo’s hands wrap around my waist. I leaned my head against his warm body as he leisurely kissed my face and neck.
“Good morning my love,” he breathed.
“Mmm… Good morning.”
				   “I love you.”
I tilted my head, “I love you more.”
“I can assure you, that I love you more,” he furrowed his brow.
I giggled.
Echo gazed into my eyes and kissed my lips gently. He grabbed the sponge and began to circle it around my body. He began from my shoulders all the way down to my toes. He bathed every inch of me as he kissed me down along the way.
“Go ahead beautiful. I’ll finish up and meet you out there.” I kissed him one more time and wrapped the robe around me as I stepped onto the bathroom tile.
I walked out into the room and gazed out the window. The still water of the river gleamed in the sunlight as the birds flew high above. The picturesque landscape glittered in rich hues of green as the sun’s rays bounced off of the trees and grass. I felt the warmth of the sun seep through the room and I breathed in deeply. The air in the universe somehow seemed more pure and fresh. I admired the outdoors for a few minutes; captivated by the gorgeous Oregon scenery.
I got dressed and placed all of my belongings back into my bags. When I was ready, I knocked on the bathroom door.
“Echo if it’s alright with you, I’m going to head downstairs and grab a cup of coffee.”
He whipped the door open in just a towel wrapped around his waist. The steam from the bathroom made his body shine as tiny droplets trickled down his perfectly shaped chest and abs. “Okay beautiful. I’ll meet you there.” He kissed my lips.
“Okay,” I bit my lip and grinned. I held onto my bags as I left the room. After the short elevator ride, I walked over to the coffee shop and ordered two lattes for Echo and me. There’s nothing like the smell of fresh brewed coffee in the morning.
I held onto the fresh brewed coffee cups as I gazed out the large windows of the hotel. The grass outside twinkled and the grandeur trees commanded my attention as they swayed slightly back and forth in the wind. I felt a warm hand brush across my waist, a gentle kiss on my cheek and a sweet smell emanating from behind me. I knew it could have only been one person - my dear Echo.
“Hello there,” I turned and gazed into Echo’s tender eyes.
“Hello my Harmony,” he gently kissed the edge of my lips and smiled.
“Mmm…” I mumbled happily.
“I rented a car for us. They were supposed to drop it off this morning. Let me check with the front desk. I have to check out anyway.”
“When did you have time to do that?” I smirked.
“I asked the concierge last night when we checked in. She said she would take care of the reservation for us.”
“That was nice of her.”
“It was. I’ll be back.” Echo walked over to the front desk and checked out. The concierge handed him a sheet of paper with a set of keys. Echo looked over at me and winked. He then signed another piece of paper and handed it back to the concierge. He walked back over to me with the set of keys and sheet of paper in his hands.
“We have a car?”
“We sure do.” Echo jingled the keys in the air.
Hand in hand, we walked outside, holding our coffee and bags. We threw the bags in the blue sports car and hopped in.
“Are you ready my Harmony?” Echo said softly as he held my hand and gazed intently into my eyes.
“I’m ready my Echo.” I smiled.
“I just have to make one stop to pick up my bags. They’re at a hotel not too far from here.”
“Oh Echo, we could have stayed there.”
“Not unless you wanted to share a room with two other guys.”
“Oh,” I giggled, “I suppose not.”
We drove to his other hotel and Echo quickly walked inside, picked up his belongings, raced back out and placed his bags in the trunk.
“Did you say bye?”
“Everyone was asleep so I left a note. Must have been a late night for them.”
I rested my head against the seat and a warm smile swept over my face as I glanced at Echo’s angelic face.
“You’re so beautiful,” he leaned in and kissed me tenderly. “Are you ready for our vacation beautiful?”
“Yes, I’m ready,” I bit my lip with excitement.
He wrapped his fingers around mine and we began our voyage to the coast.
I gazed admirably out the car windows as we crossed over a bridge. The water beneath us streamed past gently as a few boats floated by. I looked up at the clear blue sky that had no clouds in sight. The temperature was a perfect seventy-five degrees and the wind was just enough to create a nice, gentle breeze. I watched the glimmering sun shine down on us as its light enveloped the earth. I glanced at the large, magnificent birds dancing around in the air effortlessly.
Echo gripped my hand tightly as he drove to the coast. He would glance over at me, smiling and winking along the way. I felt warmth inside of me that comforted my soul. I admired him as he sat there, masculine and strong, gripping the wheel and guiding us down our path.
I squinted my eyes and thought about asking him a question. Without hesitation, I proceeded to ask, “Echo?”
“Yes beautiful.”
“Does the name Jahir mean anything to you?”
“I’m not sure I’ve ever heard it before.” He answered. “But somehow, it sounds vaguely familiar.” He sighed, and lifted his eyebrows as if he was concentrating on something. “I had a really vivid dream last night. I remember being next to a rock and a river and telling you that I had finally found you,” he peered at me briefly and smiled warmly. Then he furrowed his brow, “Except you looked different and so did I. Does that make sense?”
I turned my body to face him and smiled widely. I bit my lip and prepared to open up a conversation; one that he would never forget. “Yes, absolutely, because I had the same dream. Do I have a story for you!” I pulled my journal out from my bag and held it against my chest. I looked at him admirably, feeling a love for him so strong, that nothing could ever sever it, not even death.
I began to tell him the tale of our wonderful story as we embarked on the greatest journey of our lives; our journey together, as one.
- End -
































