December 32nd:
The Vipers
Adam Scopp


Prologue:
Drake Viper stood at the top of The Cliff, staring down at the puny town of Testrotone. It had once been called Walthamstow - but so much had changed since then you wouldn't recognise it.
He knew all about this town - the secrets it held and the damage it caused. The Hunters 2 years ago caused chaos. Drake was there to see it all.
Everyone thought he was dead. His town had crashed and burned and there weren't many survivors. But he survived. And he'd made some friends.
Friends that would give him the power he deserved.
But first he needed to get her out of the way.
Her. She was the source of all his rage. One girl had changed him so deeply - taking a boy and turning him into a savage man. He thanked her for that. She had made him who he was.
But she still had to pay. They all did. And they would - they all would. Drake suddenly wanted to scream. Howl into the wind and at this world for all the pain it had caused him. But instead he said one sentence. One sentence that made him feel like a child who had been awarded all the toys he could think of.
"Get ready, Lara. I'm coming."

Part I:
Lara couldn't find Alex. He had told her to meet him in the town plaza. But he wasn't here.
"Alex?" She called, but received no reply.
"Close your eyes." His voice came from nowhere.
"Why do I have to-"
"Just do it, Tristle."
She sighed.
"Fine, but don't call me by my last name, Burk." Lara closed her eyes and retreated into the darkness behind her eyelids. She always saw strange patterns when she closed her eyes, which amused her.
"OK...ready...open them." He said and she did so. Lara looked at Alex. His handsome features still remained even at the age of 18. His short brown hair was always cut similarly. His eyes still that emerald green. Still Liam's eyes. But today he had decided to stand in the public plaza in nothing but his boxers.
"Alex...why are you practically naked?" She asked, stifling a laugh.
"I promised you that if we were still together after 2 years I would stand in the plaza in my boxers for 1 hour. I'm keeping that promise." He grinned at her. Lara had got together with Alex 2 years ago from this day. Well, kind of this day. They had got together on December 32nd, because that was
when they realised they liked each other. Alex told her that counted as together. But they counted it as the beginning of the year. The 1st of January.
"You actually remembered. I'm impressed." She told him and giggled. "Don't get me wrong. I'm not complaining." She said with a smirk. Alex had a great body, and it had only gotten better. Girls still drooled over him, and most of them still hated Lara for 'snatching' him.
"Oh I know. You don't seem to complain in the bedroom either." He fired back. Lara blushed.
"Hush." She said and burst out laughing. "How long you been like this?"
"5 minutes..." He said and smiled.
"Ha, good luck with the next 55 then. I'm not going anywhere." Lara told him. He came over to her.
"You just want to stare." He remarked and she rolled her eyes. It was true, but still...
He grabbed her body and pulled it to his.
"What you up to, Burk?" She asked him.
"I'm naked and it's bloody freezing. I'm stealing heat." He said obviously. "And I also want to be close to you..." He said and his cheeks coloured slightly.
"Aw, your such a softie." Lara pinched his cheek.
"You did not just call me a softie." He said and lifted her over his shoulder. Lara erupted into a laughing
fit whilst she hung over his back, watching his butt as he walked. He sat her down on a huge marble block, with the letter 'P' imprinted on it. There were five in a line that read PLAZA. Sitting down on it, Lara was equal height. He leaned in and kissed her hard.
"See, I'm not soft." He took her hand and placed it on his peck.
"Does that feel soft?" He asked cockily. Of course it was as hard as a rock.
"It's so mushy dude." Lara teased. His hands came to her ribs and began to tickle her. Lara laughed uncontrollably. He knew her weakness.
"Stop!" Lara breathed through the laughs.
"Am I soft?" He asked. She shook her head and he stopped. "Good." He said and grinned. He was close to her now so she wrapped her legs around him. Lara put a hand on the back of his head.
"You're still my doof." She told him.
"Oh I know." His grin was almost too big. Lara pulled him in and kissed him again, making sure it lasted.
Lara heard someone clear their throat and she pulled back. Over Alex's shoulder she saw a guy. Lara had never seen him before.
"Yes?" She asked impatiently.
"There's someone here to see you." He told me and motioned to the Town Hall.
"Thanks." She said and he nodded and walked off.
"Get dressed, sexy. We've got company." Lara instructed Alex.
"Fine. But we have to resume this." He said. She smiled and nodded. Once he was dressed they made their way to the Town Hall.
When they arrived there was a group of four people waiting at the bottom of the steps. The Town Hall used to be Governors Hall but it was changed and remodelled slightly. The people all had their backs to Lara and Alex.
"Hello?" Alex asked. Three of the people turned around. The one guy remained with a back to them. Something about him was familiar. The three that turned around seemed intimidating. Two of them were women, about her age. One had long red hair and a nose piercing whilst the other had short purple hair and a lip piercing. Lara saw that there was a tattoo of a snake on each of their wrists. It wrapped around them like bracelets. The other was a guy who must have been about 20. He had a short beard and a very square head. He wore a leather jacket and jeans with chains. The classic biker.
"Who are you?" Lara asked to the guy who had remained turned.
"We're The Vipers." The guy with his back-turned said.
"OK, better yet, who are you?" Lara asked, irritated. He turned around in slow motion. When his face came into view her mouth almost fell off.
"Miss me Lara?" He teased.
Standing in front of her was Drake Viper. The man who should be dead.

Part II:
Lara's face fell at the name. Alex looked at the 20 year old man in front of him.
How could she possibly know him?
Alex looked to Lara for some sort of recognition. She gave none.
"You didn't answer my question." He said casually.
"You're...you're meant to be dead. You died!" Lara spat at him.
"I escaped. I got out of our town before it was burnt to the ground. I see you got yourself a hump buddy." He said and nodded at Alex.
"Who are you?" Alex asked him sternly.
"Drake Viper, at your service!" He said like a showman.
"Better question, what do you want?" Lara asked fiercely.
"There's a lot of things I want, Lara. But it all revolves around one thing." He replied.
"And what's that?" She asked.
His eyes lit up slightly. "Power." The word rolled off his tongue as if he'd chewed it. Alex could tell immediately that this guy was going to be trouble.
"Who are your friends?" Lara continued.
"I picked up some allies the two years I have been 'dead'." He said the last word with a sarcastic spirit.
"So...why have you come here?" Alex asked him head-on.
"Because this place has power, and me and my gang want it." He said.
"Well too bad, so why don't you take your leather arse and scoot?" Lara fired at him.
"You didn't think I would come without a plan, now did you? Come on Lara, you know me better than that." He said smoothly. He clicked his fingers. The three gang members who stood next to him lifted their hands rapidly and Alex felt himself be lifted off the ground. He looked at Lara to see that the same had happened. They flew through the air for a few seconds then landed roughly on the concrete. Alex groaned and watched Lara jump back to her feet. Neither of them had evolved yet, so the fact they couldn't fight back caused a twinge in Alex's stomach. He dragged himself to his feet and stood next to Lara.
"That was a warning, Lara. Don't get in our way. The more you fight back - the more who die." The glint in his eyes widened. He was blood-thirsty. He and his allies walked down the steps and away from them both.
"Lara, how do you know him?" Alex asked her once they were gone.
"I used to live in the same town as him before it was burned down. We...we used to date." She said sheepishly.
"Before me, you had really bad taste in men." It had no emotion behind it. He already hated the guy - and a feeling in Alex's stomach told him that it hadn't even begun.
This wasn't going to end well.

Part III:
Drake left Lara and her boyfriend on the floor and retreated around the back. There waited his gang of newly evolved. There were about fifty of them - all fit and ready to fight. He smiled devilishly.
"Are you all ready to do this?" He roared at his crowd. They cheered back at him. They wanted a rightful place in this world - and there was only one way to get it.
"Archie! Where are you?" He asked. Archie cut through the crowd and came forward. He was a tall, skinny man. He had short ginger hair and square spectacles. He wasn't a fighter, but he was the brains of the operation.
"Ready. I think I've managed to work out the schematics of the plan. If we can get to where they're stored I think I can insert our controlling data and-"
"Can you do it?" Drake cut him off.
"Theoretically, yes." Archie replied sheepishly.
"Then, let's get to our prize, and bring this world to it's knees!" Drake roared again. The Vipers were crazily excited. They were ready to fight back.
The Vipers were ready to attack. And they wouldn't let anything get in their way.

Part IV:
Lara ran up the stairs of the Town Hall and burst through the doors. Alex's parents had been elected to run Testrotone and ran the Newly Evolved Programme. She wound her way through the marble halls until Lara got to the centre. The huge glass dome window still sat where the ceiling should be. The windows had been replaced with tainted ones and the huge table still remained. Memories of Liam came flooding back to her. He'd attacked her in this room. Pushing away the memories, Lara saw Alex's parents sitting across from each other at the table talking. Lara marched over.
"Hello, Lara." Alex's Mum - Cindy - greeted her.
"Hi, Cindy. Hey Al. We...uh...we have a problem." Lara said awkwardly.
"What's wrong?" Al asked. Alex stood behind her now.
"There's someone here. He wants to take over, and he's threatening to use force with their new abilities." Lara informed. Al and Cindy both nodded.
"Ah, you know him. An old boyfriend looking for power." Cindy said.
"Feel free to read my mind!" Lara said sarcastically. Cindy smiled.
"Sorry, habit." She replied.
"Lara, can you and Alex please bring him in. We can have a civilised discussion about this and sort
this mess out before it gets out of hand." Al recommended. Lara knew that wouldn't work, she knew Drake.
"OK." She replied. She turned on her heel and walked out with Alex close behind.
"So, what are we doing?" He asked her. She smiled at him.
"We sort him out ourselves. But we need an evolved. And I know one that owes me." She replied and winked. Alex nodded slowly and followed Lara.
*
They arrived at the school and Lara searched the college grounds. She found Terra sitting on a bench chatting to Hayley. Lara was well aware neither of them liked her very much - but Lara had saved Terra, so she owed her. Terra saw her approach and stood up.
"Terra, we need to chat." Lara said and Terra came over. Hayley pretended not to listen in. "Terra, we need you're help. There's a group in town, called The Vipers, and they want to take over." Lara told her.
"And you want me to bust their asses with my new abilities." Terra replied with a smirk. Lara rolled her eyes and nodded.
"OK, I'll help...if..." Terra said deviously.
"If what?" Alex asked.
"Is this Drake guy, your ex, is he good looking?" Lara felt heat rise to her cheeks.
"Stop reading my mind!" Lara snapped. Terra laughed and nodded.
"Fine, fine, I'll help. Come on." Terra grabbed her arm and pulled her along side her. She waved bye to Hayley.
Terra thought this was going to be easy, but Lara knew it wouldn't be. She didn't know Drake like Lara did.
He was bad news.

Part V:
Alex watched the two girls squabble with each other as they searched for The Vipers. Alex still couldn't comprehend why these people would want to do this. Why wreck the balance of things when everything was just back on track?
What were their real intentions? The questions kept coming, but Alex had no answers. And he knew he had to get them. Alex saw a head poke around the corner of a building and their eyes met his. He couldn't quite identify the colour from here, but the way they were looked like this guy was pleading for Alex. The girls were lost in conversation so he broke away and went over to the stranger. Up close Alex could start to make out that the figure was a girl about his age who was very short. She looked up at him with big green eyes and her lip quivered slightly.
"Can you help me?" She whispered.
"What's wrong? Are you hurt?" Alex examined the girl, but she looked fine. Her hair followed her jawline around her head, but the shortness made her look better. She had a very small nose but clearly a big mouth, which made her face look uneven. The girl shook her head.
"I need something to bargain." She said with a strong voice. Alex stepped back just as hands slammed into his shoulders, forcing him to his knees.
"Oh Alex, you're too easy." The girl purred and stroked his chin. There were two guys standing above Alex, both dressed like bikers.
The Vipers.
"Come on, pretty boy. Let's go make sure Lara knows who she's dealing with." The girl said and laughed. Alex's mind went through a million possibilities of what she could mean, but Alex came to one conclusion. They wanted to make sure Lara knew what they were capable of.
They were going to kill Alex, and shatter Lara's heart.

Part VI:
When Lara noticed Alex was missing she stopped. Terra creased her brow but Lara ignored her.
"Where's Alex?" Lara asked. Terra shrugged.
"He's bogged off. Come on."
Lara rolled her eyes. Alex wouldn't do that.
"Hello Lara!" Lara heard a much too familiar voice chime. She turned on her heel to see Drake smiling at her.
"And you must be Drake. Damn, he is hot." Terra remarked and Lara shook her head.
"Terra! He wants to kill everyone and take over!" Lara shook Terra back to reality.
"Listen yeah," Terra began, "you need to back off, OK? 'Cause you don't want me to pull out some major telekinnini on your arse."
"Telekinnini?" Drake asked.
"Telekinesis!" Lara screamed in frustration and stormed towards her ex.
"Where's Alex?" She demanded and he smiled.
"I came to bring you to him. As for her..." He looked at Terra and flicked his hand. Terra flew off her feet and landed on her back a few foot away. Lara heard a horrible crunch and cringed.
"She was annoying." He remarked and grabbed Lara's hair. She cried out as he brought his mouth to her ear.
"Listen Lara, you and Alex are going to die. And then I'm gonna run this town. And I know just how to do it." He whispered menacingly to her. He let go of Lara's hair and she bounced back from him. Right into the arms of one of Drake's goons. The Vipers.
"Come Lara..." Drake purred and started to lead the way.
***
Drake took Lara to a basement in a set of abandoned laboratories. He flicked on the light and the goon holding her dropped her to the ground roughly. She looked back up at the chubby guy and scowled. He toddled off, leaving Lara and Drake alone.
"Lara, Lara, Lara..."
"Shut up, Drake. You're meant to be dead!" She screamed.
"And yet, here I am, inflicting you pain." He spat. Lara creased her brow.
"You aren't-" Lara was cut off from being slapped across the face. She winced and Drake smiled at her. She hated the fact he was so handsome. Still had that smile that used to take her breath away.
She loved him, once.
"Where is Alex?" She asked. Drake flicked his fingers and a light came on, revealing a body slumped on the ground.
Alex.
"Alex!" Lara screamed and got up. Drake slapped her again and she dropped to her knees.
"Stay down. Or I'll do worse." He hissed, and Lara lowered her head. "Good girl." Lara almost gagged at those words. For now, she would play nice. But Drake better watch his back.
Lara was ready to bite.

Part VII:
Alex pretended to be unconscious whilst he listened to Lara and Drake's conversation.
"What do you want Drake?" She asked.
"To rule this town. And so I have to first show authority. And I know exactly how to do it." He replied devilishly. Alex had to fight the urge not to strangle the man. He was demented.
"And how are you gonna do that?" Lara asked spitefully.
"Simple. I order a public execution. Of you, your boyfriend and your boyfriends parents. No one will want to test me after they see that."
Alex was going to scream. His parents?
If Drake said one more word - just one - Alex would kill him.
"You're sick."
"And you're sexy." He purred.
That did it. Alex jumped from the ground and lunged straight at Drake. He wasn't expecting it, so Alex tackled him to the ground. Drake was trying to use his new abilities, so Alex kept repeatedly punching him in the face. Blood spurted from his nose and a bruise started to form under his eye. Small hands gripped Alex's shoulders and pulled him off of Drake. Alex landed on his back and Lara loomed over him. She walked over to Drake and kicked him straight between the legs. He grunted
and brought his knees to his chin - making Alex grin. Alex got to his feet and pulled Lara out of the room. But as soon as they opened the door Drake pulled us back in with an invisible force.
Drake looked at them both and the full extent of his injuries showed. Alex beat him bad.
"Alex...you beat me up because you're jealous." He said. Alex clenched his fist. "And I get that. I mean, look at me? I guess that would explain why Lara still has feelings for me."
Alex ran at him, but Drake held his hand up and Alex went flying back. His back collided against the wall and he slid down it. Pain ran up his back and Alex left his head to lean against the wall.
"You see, Alex, I need you dead. And so, if I kill you in front of Lara, it will be even more fun." Drake cooed. Then Alex couldn't breathe. His throat had closed up and he couldn't get oxygen to his lungs. He saw Drake had his hand in the classic 'Darth Vader' pose and Alex scratched at his neck. But there was no hand there - because Drake didn't need to get his hands dirty.
"Drake, stop!" Lara screamed and walked towards him. Drake lifted his other hand and Lara went flying towards the other wall. She was compressed there by telekinetic energy. Alex started to see spots in front of him and knew he was going to die.
"Please..." He heard Lara whisper.
"I love you." Alex croaked and Lara sobbed. She had to hear it - before he died. Drake made a
gagging noise and something snapped inside of him. Alex felt a burst of energy and adrenaline and then - all of a sudden - he could breathe again.
"How..." Before Drake could finish, Alex narrowed his eyes and Drake lost his foot and smacked against the floor. Lara instantly regained control over her body and looked at Alex in shock. She ran over to him and he stood up to catch her in his arms. She kissed his neck and whispered, "You're not allowed to die."
Alex smiled and closed his eyes. He let the rest of the world fall away and just got lost in the moment with Lara. When he did open them he almost did a double-take. They weren't in that small room with Drake anymore.
They were standing outside Town Hall, and on the side of it two bodies hung in the air. Their blood was smeared all over the walls and there was a message written in their blood:
THE VIPERS RUN THIS TOWN!
It was Alex's parents blood. The Vipers killed his parents...
And displayed them, like dolls. Whatever snapped in Alex before completely broke in half.
He was going to kill Drake Viper.

Part VIII:
Alex had evolved. Yet another obstacle in Drake's plan. No matter, Alex was new and had no control - and now no parents to teach him. Drake teleported to the alleyway where his gang was waiting. The Vipers all faced him, their eyes waiting for orders to kill. He'd picked the right people.
"It seems that they don't want to co-operate with our needs. So it looks like we take this town by storm!" Drake roared and the crowd screamed alongside him. Drake smiled at them, proud of what he'd managed to achieve.
"Archie?" He called. "We need to take over Town Hall. That's where The Hunters will be. And the place to control them." He smiled evilly. Drake liked the guy, he had the brains for his plan but he also had the determination. He shared Drake's views. That's why he made sure none of his crew gave him a hard time. He liked the bloke.
"And there we can bring back the day they took from us. We can make it The Viper Day!" This got the crowd going again. Drake hid the grin forming on his lips. This was it. They would rule this town, then the country, then the world. And it would all start with bringing back The Hunters.
And bringing back December 32nd.

Part IX:
Lara watched Alex march into Town Hall without saying a word. Lara gave one last look to his parents corpses.
The Vipers did that. And they would pay for it. Lara rushed after Alex.
"Alex..." She started, but didn't know where she was going with it.
"Don't Lara. I don't need your pity. Let's just take them down." Alex said emotionlessly. Lara stayed quiet. He went straight through the doors and Lara waited outside.
A few minutes later an announcement buzzed over the speakers.
"To all the residents here who have Evolved, you must come to the Town Hall immediately for a briefing. That is all." Alex's voice cut off. Lara widened her eyes and she rushed inside the hall until she found Alex sitting at the huge table.
"Alex, what are you doing?"
"Assembling an army. If Drake wants to play dirty, then I'll give him dirty. I'm sick of playing games. Let's end this." Lara had never seen such fire in his eyes. He'd adopted that from Charlotte. There was a lump in Lara's throat at the thought of Charlotte.
"OK, so you're going to get them to fight. But you're risking their lives." Lara pleaded.
"And what happens if I let Drake and The Vipers take over? Hell, that's what. We have to stop them. I've evolved now, you haven't. So get out of here, and be safe." He gave Lara a cold look.
"I'm not leaving." She said sternly.
"Yes you are. Go, now."
Lara stared at him for one solid minute, and he didn't falter. His eyes didn't soften. He was stone cold. Lara slowly backed out of the room and left the hall, and on the outside she saw crowds gathering.
The Evolved. Coming to fight.
Lara broke through the whole crowd until she bumped into someone.
"Move." She said angrily. When they didn't move, Lara looked up at his face. Drake stared down at her, smiling. She turned to run, but he grabbed her waist and pulled her into him.
"If you scream, you die." He whispered. Lara didn't dare make a sound. "Good girl."
She hated when he called her that.
"Now, let's take you somewhere a little more private, shall we? You're an important aspect to our plan."
Lara couldn't help herself. "What's your plan?" She asked.
"Oh you'll love it. Me and my gang are gonna bring back all those lovely Hunters. And December 32nd." He grinned at her. Lara was too gobsmacked to do anything.
They were bringing back The Hunters.
They were bringing back December 32nd.
They were going to run this town, and destroy it.

Part X:
Alex stood in front of the crowd of evolved that stood before him. They were all willing and ready to fight The Vipers.
He understood where Lara was coming from, how putting innocent lives in danger isn't something he would do. But she didn't understand this empty feeling. His parents had been murdered, and he would get his revenge - even if that meant killing Drake Viper himself.
"Are you ready to protect this town?" Alex roared, and they all clapped and cheered and whistled.
"Listen carefully, I need a set of 10 people, all young and fit and healthy and clever, to fight alongside me. The rest will remain here, guarding the Town Hall."
The crowd started to squabble, trying to decide who comes and who stays.
Then, someone broke through the crowd and stood on the third step. Alex was standing on the fifth. He looked about Alex's age, tall and strong. He had a slightly square-head, and a forehead infested with acne which he tried to hide with his fringe. His black hair was short and parted from the left side.
"My name is Zyron, and I volunteer to go with you." He said to Alex. Alex nodded at him gratefully, and he stood next to Alex.
After 30 solid minutes, he had 10 people standing on the steps of Town Hall.
After Zyron, Tess had stepped up. She was 20 years old and was very skilled with her abilities. After her there was Alan, then Jorge, Cheryl, Cass, Billy, Ahmed, Nellie and Darren. They all varied from ages between 17-21, and were all fit, clever and skilled in their own way.
"Are you guys ready to do this? I have to warn you, this could be a one-way mission." Alex knew that if these people volunteered, they should be ready to fight. They all nodded, some faster than others.
There were doubts, but they were all on board. Alex smiled.
"Well then, lets do this. Lets take down The Vipers."
They all gave one nod and then Alex turned and lead them away from Town Hall. The crowd parted to allow them through, and they all marched forward. Alex was powered now, feeling like he would come out triumphant. But there was something that did feel alien to him.
He didn't have Lara by his side to do it.

Part XI:
Lara jumped from her window and ran from her small cottage. Her parents had finally fallen into a deep enough sleep for her to escape.
She ran the streets of her town, always staying hidden in the shadows. Just when her stamina was failing her, she made it to the alleyway where he was to meet her.
She waited patiently, always watching for his arrival. She hadn't seen him for some time, and Lara was looking forward to their time. Before she plunged into her thoughts, she heard footsteps. Lara stepped back, shrouding her body in the dark cover of the night. The footsteps came closer, and then a face came into the light. It was him. Lara lunged at him, causing him to yell in fright.
"Shhhh, it's only me." She said and giggled. He looked at her with a disapproving look, which faded and was quickly replaced by a handsome smile.
"I haven't seen you for a long time." He remarked.
"I know, as I haven't seen you either." Lara replied and stepped forward. He came closer to her, closing off the space between them.
"Did you miss me?" He whispered. Lara looked him in the eyes. She propped herself high on her toes and kissed him gently.
"Does that answer your question?" She asked, and he kissed her again. This time he poured his
longing for Lara into the kiss, and Lara gratefully soaked it up.
Lara pulled away for breath and smacked his chest playfully. "Is that all you want from me? Kisses and affection?"
"I love you, Lara. And the one thing I want is to be with you forever. No matter what our parents think." He whispered into her ear. Lara placed her lips against his earlobe.
"I love you too, Drake."

Part XII:
Lara sat in an uncomfortable wooden chair, her hands and feet bound. Drake had dragged her here, then slapped her until she complied. Then he left, and she was alone with her thoughts. All Lara could think about was Alex. Even though they'd argued, she only prayed revenge wouldn't blind him.
When Lara heard the door open she craned her neck to see who had entered. A girl came in, her hair dyed a pure red which travelled down to her shoulders.
"I've been sent to get some info outta you. So, lets make this easy. Answer all my questions truthfully, because I'll know if you're lying." She spoke with a lethargic edge, as if she didn't want to be here at all. "First question. What are Alex and his new found friends planning to do?"
"They're going to skip in here and give you all muffins. What do you think they're going to do? Kill you and your little Viper friends." Lara smiled at the girl. This gesture caused anger to rise in her eyes, and Lara suppressed a smirk.
"Why?"
"You lot killed Alex's parents. And you want to bring back all The Hunters and December 32nd. Why do you think?" Lara spat at the girls shoes.
"Stop being sarcastic. It doesn't suit you." The girl narrowed her eyes. "I think I have an idea...and you would be the perfect girl for the job." She smiled
devilishly. Lara tried to read the emotion behind her eyes but couldn't identify it.
"What is it?"
She laughed, and Lara shuffled in her chair. "I think we should arrange a public execution just for you. And what's better, you can be the first person for the newly born Hunters to kill. That way everyone will truly know The Vipers are the new rulers."
Lara shrank back and shivered. The Hunters scared Lara more then anything, and every time she tried to fight one, she thought of Liam. She couldn't imagine beating her brother. It was inhumane.
"Oh Lara, look at the tough girl now. You're a poser. What you really are is a scared little girl." The girl bent down and laughed in Lara's face. Then she stood and walked out, chuckling and shaking her head. When she left Lara reflected on what she had said. And what shocked Lara the most was...
The girl was right. Lara wasn't tough - all she was was a scared little girl.
A scared little girl...who's days were now numbered.

Part XIII:
The Vipers ambushed them. Alex hadn't seen it coming, until the last second when he heard a battle cry and people come running towards them like a stampede. His gang of fighters reacted best they could, but the Evolved Vipers were capable of more then Alex's crew, and had taken them down easily. Now Alex was crouched behind a random car, with Billy on one side of him and Cass on the other. He could see Tess being dragged off across from them, screaming her head off. The three that currently hid behind the car were the only left of Alex's band of 10. The rest had been taken by The Vipers - most likely to be killed. Billy nudged Alex, and he turned to him. A sharp wind whistled through the air, causing Billy's messy blonde hair to look even messier. Cass crouched in front of them both, her hair kept neat in a high ponytail.
"We need to retreat. They've got the others. Our powers alone won't be enough." Cass said urgently. Fear riddled her face, and was clearly displayed in her voice.
"I agree with Cass, staying will not help us. We have to run - now." Billy piped up. Alex sighed and looked through the dirty car windows. The Vipers were searching around, trying to find him and his remaining bandits. He narrowed his eyes as he saw Drake Viper break through the crowd. A searing anger erupted in his chest, and an image of Alex's hand wrapped firmly around Drake's neck came to mind. He would be more then happy to watch the life leave Drake's body.
"Come on, Alex! Don't be such a coward. Come out, come out where ever you are." He cooed, making Alex ball his hands into fists. Cass and Billy exchanged a worried glance, and then looked to Alex. "What would Lara have thought of your cowardice?"
Suddenly, something about his sentence caught his attention. Alex stood up angrily, exposing himself. Drake held up his hands, but still a Viper ran forward, ready to kill Alex. Using his anger, Alex lifted his hand and swept it to the left, and watched satisfyingly as the Viper flew down the street, his body scraping across the pavement. He then snapped his head back to Drake.
"Why was that the past tense?"
"Oh, well look who's perceptive. Why do you think?" He smiled, his perfect white teeth practically inviting Alex to break them. Suddenly Cass and Billy stood up, and threw their hands in the air. Drake lifted from the ground and floated above The Vipers. However the smile never left his face throughout.
"Vipers...kill them." He said, and then there was chaos. Instantly a knife came flying forward, piercing Billy's chest. He went pale, and a dark red stain started to pour onto his T-shirt. He collapsed almost instantly afterwards. Cass looked at his corpse in horror. Alex saw another knife come whizzing towards Cass. He lifted his hand and threw it off course. He felt his anger burn stronger from the death of Billy. And if what Drake said was true...
Suddenly, Alex couldn't hold it in anymore. He screamed, his lungs burning - releasing all his pain. And as he did, he saw just what his anger was capable of. A ripple of telekinetic energy flew forward, cracking the pavement. It hit The Vipers and brought almost all of them to the ground. He stopped, and leaned against the car for support. He could see some of them were clearly dead, but others rose again. Drake had lowered himself and was clapping slowly towards Alex.
"Lovely trick, truly. You may have won this round Alex - but you won't win the next. That I can guarantee." He smiled again, and then turned and walked away. The remainder of The Vipers followed. When they were out of sight, Alex finally let the grief take over him.
Lara could be dead, and it was most likely his group were too - all because of him. Cass placed her hand on Alex's back, but that didn't help. Alex had to accept the facts...
He had too much blood on his hands.
He was just as bad as the man he hated purely - he was just as bad as Drake Viper. And if Drake deserved death for what he had done...
Didn't Alex?
He did.

Part XIV:
Alex wasn't like the others.
That was the thought that tormented Drake's head as he made his way back to Lara.
He could clearly see that Alex had stronger abilities than others, almost stronger than him. And if he continued to excel...
Drake stopped before he finished his thought. That wouldn't happen. No one would stop him bringing back the day of doom. No one would stop his Hunters from roaming the streets - killing anyone who disobeyed him.
Drake smiled at the thought. He wanted that more than anything.
On his way towards the warehouse where Lara currently stayed, Archie approached him rapidly.
"Drake! I've done it! I've done it!" He beamed, stumbling into Drake. Drake grunted and pushed him away. He may have been smart, but he was still a clumsy guy.
"You've done it?"
"That I have. I hacked into the system which controls The Hunters. I tweaked it and now they're ready to come back online. All I need is your command, and they'll bring this town to its knees." He clenched his fists and smiled. Archie may have been weak when it came to muscle, but he was sure devious. Drake liked how determined he was. Plus, the guy did whatever Drake wanted.
"I'll be there in one minute. First I have to pick up my favourite girl Lara. She'll love this." Drake couldn't stop his grin. He dashed over to the warehouse and slipped inside. Lara looked up at him and a look of distaste appeared on her face. "Oh, well that's not a pretty face."
"Piss off." She spat.
"Touchy. I actually came to get you." As Drake said this, he started to undo the binds on her wrists and ankles. When he'd finished he stood back, allowing her to stand. She stood warily. Drake waited for her to bolt. He knew it was coming.
Lara didn't move, looking straight into his eyes. What was she playing at? She stepped closer to Drake, filling some of the space. She gulped, and then took another step. And another. Until she was face to face with Drake, their noses very close.
"Drake..." She whispered seductively. Her hot breath hit his jaw and he felt his heart rate quicken.
His hands could easily slip around her waist. His lips could easily fit onto hers.
She loves Alex, not you. She's tricking you.
Drake knew that his conscience was correct, but just this once he wished it wasn't. No matter how much he denied it, he still had feelings for Lara. The girl who used to sneak away from her parents to see him in the middle of the night. The girl who used to hug him and kiss him and be with him every day.
Drake stepped back and shook his head. He wouldn't let her win. He grabbed her wrists and pulled her along behind him, and she followed in silence. He took her form the warehouse and across to the building where The Vipers had set up shop. He pushed her in and closed the door behind him. Aimee came up from the crowd, her red hair all messy from the strong winds outside. She'd interrogated Lara before, and when Drake heard her plan he didn't give her a proper response. Something told him to just stay silent.
"Well if it isn't the scared little girl. How you holding up?" She teased, causing Lara to give her an icy stare. "She's a bit of a touchy one, this one. Ain't she Drake?" Aimee looked at Drake with a smirk. He chuckled and nodded, smirking at Lara.
"Show her." He said, and Aimee brought Lara to the front of the room. Drake followed behind, and when they stopped he stood behind her. His chest was almost touching her back. Archie turned from his screen with a massive creepy smile all over his face.
"Oh Lara, I have been waiting to meet you. Look at this. You're gonna love it." He took Lara's hand and Drake felt his body flinch.
Don't touch her.
Where had that come from? He didn't care about Lara.
"You see, you're gonna push that button, and something incredible is going to happen. History will be made because of you!" Archie showed her the big red button on a panel full of them. That would activate The Hunters. That would bring back December 32nd and all its chaos.
"No, get off me." She pulled away, her hand easily escaping Archie's grip. Aimee stepped forward and shoved Lara. She fell forward but caught herself in time. Her hand was so close to the button.
"Push it." Aimee spat.
Lara turned sharply, and this took Aimee by surprise.
"No." She said through gritted teeth. And then Lara lashed out, jumping at Aimee. Her hands came up and she started to claw at Aimee's face. Drake knew that Lara had made a big mistake. Aimee screamed as Lara drew blood from a small cut. She threw Lara off and brought her hand up. Before Drake could stop her, Aimee used her telekinesis to throw Lara forward. Her whole body flew through the air, and Drake could see just where she would land.
With a loud crash, Lara's body landed on the panel controlling The Hunters. Drake saw the big button be pushed by her hip, and then the screen lit up with an image from The Town Hall basement. Lara rolled off the panel. Various buttons were broken, but it worked nonetheless. Drake left Lara on the floor and stared at the screen. He saw The Hunters all raise their heads and take a brief look around
through their visors. Then they moved towards the stairs, and started to file up.
Drake couldn't hold the laugh that had bubbled up in his throat. They'd done it. They'd actually done it.
The Hunters were back - and they were ready to kill.

Part XV:
Lara laid unmoving until all of The Vipers left the building. They'd left with such high hopes, because they'd succeeded. The Hunters were back online - now they would destroy everything.
A chill ran down Lara's spine. Technically, today was December 32nd. The irony made Lara feel ill.
She struggled to her feet, holding the control panel whilst the wave of nausea passed. She looked at the screen, now displaying an empty room. The basement of Town Hall. All The Hunters were out now, destroying and killing God knows what.
Lara went to shut it off when she saw something. Her eyes darted to the screen and she scanned it intently. She didn't dare blink, in case she missed it. And then it happened. A lone figure stepped from the shadows, and turned to face the camera broadcasting the footage. Their face was covered by a visor, which they turned so it angled at the camera perfectly.
Their hand came up and began to pull the visor from their head. The movement was painfully slow, The Hunter literally tormenting Lara. And then it came off, and they dropped the visor on the ground. Lara imagined the brief clatter it would make if there was sound.
The Hunter looked up at the camera, and Lara jumped back. She started breathing heavily, and tried to calm herself down. But she couldn't stop. She'd seem them. Those emerald green eyes. The
ones she'd been longing for, for so long, all because of the Government and their lies.
She stepped forward and looked at the screen again. Liam stood there, looking at the camera with no emotion. Lara felt tears burn her eyes, and she did her best to keep them at bay.
Liam, her twin brother, the one who went missing and was later discovered to be abducted and turned into the monster that stood before her.
"Liam..." She whispered, her fingers coming out and gently brushing the cold screen. He cocked his head to the right, as if trying to figure something out.
His mouth began to move, but no sound came from the feed. Lara leaned forward and tried to read his lips. He appeared to be saying the same thing over and over. Lara leaned closer, trying to match the way his mouth moved. After a few tries, Lara realised that he was saying the one thing she'd wanted to hear from him. To show he was still in there. He was repeating her name.
Lara, Lara, Lara, Lara...
Tears started to roll down her cheeks as she let out a hoarse laugh. He was saying her name, calling for his twin sister. She felt something change in her mind, something snap and release a tingling sensation. It wasn't a good feeling, but not a bad one either. Just something she wasn't used to. Like, a sense of power. She closed her eyes to try and stop the tears and put her hand on her heart.
All she wanted was to be with him. To be with her Liam.
The world around her began to slip away and all she thought about was Liam. His thick brown hair, the same colour as her own. His strange smile, where the ends of his lips turned up ever so slightly. His deep manly laugh, the one she used to make fun of when he was going through puberty. And his eyes. His beautiful emerald green eyes.
She felt something brush her cheek and her eyes shot open. Liam's fingers were on her cheek, and he was studying her.
Lara screamed and jumped back, almost slipping and falling. Liam stepped away from her, a frightened look on his face. She looked around at the basement of Town Hall.
The tingling in her head. The sense of power. She'd teleported.
Lara had evolved.
"Lara..." Liam said, and jumped forward. He crashed into Lara and sent them flying to the ground. "Lara, Lara, Lara, Lara!" He chanted angrily. He was on top of her, a desperate and terrified look present on his face. He shook her slightly,
"Liam! Calm down! It's me, it's Lara!" Lara screamed, trying to set her brother at ease.
Liam looked her in the eyes. This close, Lara could see a strange brown rim around the pupil of his left eye. That wasn't there before.
"Lara...he loves you." Liam breathed, finally forming words.
"What? Who loves me?" Lara asked. She didn't know what crazy answer was about to come out of his mouth, but she prepared for it.
"He loves you...Drake. That's why-" Liam cut himself off as he screamed in agony. He sealed his eyes for a brief moment and then opened them again. Now Lara saw the brown colour had swelled, swallowing more of the green and making it brown.
"That's why he saved me, Lara. Drake saved me." And with that, Liam passed out.

Part XVI:
Screaming. Over time Alex had realised that he was afraid to hear people scream - it meant there was danger. Something bad, or something worse.
As Alex made his way back with Cass, he was greeted with crowds of people screaming and running for their lives, looks of pain and fear dominating their faces.
Cass gave him a worried look and they both broke into a sprint. The chaos seemed to be coming from the Town Hall, which made the fear in Alex's chest swell. He didn't know how much more he could take. Finally he got a clear view, and he felt that fear in his chest explode, almost leaving him breathless.
The Hunters - all lined up in a neat line facing the public. Alex was petrified at the moment, so badly he was forgetting to breathe. December 32nd was the worst day of his life. He'd lost a good friend, and felt so much pain. It had almost become unbearable - but he'd survived.
But now the weight of everything was coming back to him. The Hunters before him didn't make a move, which made this that much more unnerving.
Cass put her hand on Alex's shoulder, and he felt the urge to remove it. That was where Lara rested her hand. Not Cass.
"What do we do?" She asked in a whisper. Alex fought to get his voice back, but he couldn't conjure any words. She looked up at him, a new fear visible
in her eyes. Alex stared ahead, as if doing so he would find some miraculous solution. But all he could think about was the basement where they'd all been deactivated. All 100. What had woken them up?
He closed his eyes and visualized the room. He referred to it as The Hole, because it was like a death pit - holding all these former killers.
When his eyes opened, he was facing a beige wall. Cass looked shocked at their new scenery, but Alex only smiled. He turned around to hear a set of feet hit the last few steps.
The last Hunter, escaping its cage. Alex felt a burst of blind-rage, and suddenly jerked away from Cass and made his way up the stairs. He moved with phenomenal speed, but didn't let that get in his way. He'd had enough of all this misery and pain. He just wanted it to end.
He reached the top of the stairs and heard The Hunter stop. He brought out a knife from his belt and counted to three. Then he jumped out and screamed, bringing his knife down and feeling satisfied to feel it plunge into flesh.
Only when he really looked did he see his mistake. Cass had come up the stairs and gasped as she saw what Alex had done. He hadn't stabbed a Hunter trying to escape...
He'd stabbed Lara, and now she was dying. All because of him. His knife stuck out of her back, and she turned her head to look at him. Her eyes were
becoming hollow by the second, but Alex watched as she registered who her murderer was.
Him.

Part XVII:
Liam stared down as a strange red substance leaked from the girl.
No, not the girl, Lara. Lara.
His brain started to ache as he forced memories back into his head. He scrunched his hair into balls either side of his temple, trying to calm the voice in his head.
Lara. She's hurt. She's hurt. In pain. Blood...
The guy was on his knees. He was making a strange strangled noise as he tried to stop the bleeding. He had removed his shirt and placed it around the knife sticking out of the girls back.
Lara.
Something sparked about that name. It was important. She was important to him. To Liam. He felt a pain in his chest as something tugged at his heart. The man, he'd injected Liam. Straight into his eye. Liam had screamed in agony, but still the man did it.
Drake. He hurt you. He did it.
Liam opened his eyes and realised he wasn't even conscious. Yet somehow everything he had seen in his head was happening. Maybe seeing the future was another thing he could do. Especially after they had played with him. His head, taking everything that made him who he was. And turning him into a monster.
Or were you a monster all along?
Liam sat up and slapped his head. A searing pain crashed into his skull and he screamed. The guy looked up from his position, water dampening his dry cheeks. It was coming from his eyes.
Tears, you monster. They're tears.
He wasn't a monster. Not anymore. That man had saved him. Drake. He'd saved Liam, by causing him pain. So much pain.
Taming the beast inside you.
Liam crawled over to the girl and leaned over her face. The guy knew who Liam was, but did nothing. He was frozen for some reason.
Shocked.
Liam gripped the knife handle without choice. Something deep in the pit of his head was doing this, telling him what to do. An urge of some sort. A feeling.
Love. For Lara.
Did Liam love her? He looked down at the girl. Not that kind of love. The other kind. He loved her like...like a...
Sister.
He felt a tingling sensation in his head as the pain faded. It was replaced by a feeling of power, and his whole being focused on the girl being better.
Alive. Looking at him with that glimmer of hope in her eye.
She loves you too. Like a brother. She loves a monster.
Liam slipped the knife from her back, his eyes firmly shut. When he opened them, he heard the guy make a strange noise with his breath. He gasped. Liam looked at the knife, and saw no red substance on it.
No blood...
He looked through the hole in her shirt and saw no incision. The girl breathed in hungrily and looked around. Liam scrambled away from her and the guy. He only just realised there was someone else here as well. Another girl. She met his eyes and his heart did something strange. It started to beat faster, only for a minute, but it did. There was some sort of registration in her eyes. Liam felt something on the tip of his tongue. He got up and walked over to her.
She was tall for a girl, but Liam was still slightly taller. She looked up at him with that weird shocked expression.
"Liam..." She whispered in disbelief. Liam tried to say something, but couldn't think of the word. It was right there in his head, he could see it. But it wouldn't come out. "Is it really you?" She asked, and put her fingers on his jawline. He pulled back at her touch, running into the far corner, away from all of them.
So many things rushed around in his head. So many memories invading his head. He held his head tight and rocked back and forth on the floor. Too many. Too many.
He willed them to go away, but on the other hand forced them to the surface. He wanted his life back. Lara, the guy, the other girl. Her name...he knew her name. It was there. She was there, in his head. He strained to remember it.
And then there it was. He knew who she was, who she had been. His brain killed processing the information, but he knew.
Her name is Cass, and she was the girl you loved.

Part XVIII:
Lara had no idea what had happened. Everything was a blur. She remembered trying to escape with Liam, and then everything after that was blank.
Liam.
She sat up abruptly and looked around the room. Alex was next to her, concern and guilt on his face. There was a girl with a shocked look on her face across from them. And hiding in the corner, was Liam. Looking frightened and confused.
Lara got up from her seating position, Alex following her movements. She walked over to her twin brother.
"Liam, it's me. It's Lara. Remember? Your sister." She said calmly.
"La-Lara? My sister..." He said, as if he was learning to talk.
"Yes. It's me!" Lara wrapped her arms around Liam's waist and pulled him to her. He stood limp for a moment, then brought his arms up and wrapped them around Lara. She smiled into his chest.
Her Liam was back. Piece by piece, he was coming back to her.
Alex came up behind Lara, so she turned to face him. She grabbed his head and pulled him down in a rush. Her lips crashed into his and he didn't pull back. He replied instantly, as if he needed her.
Lara pulled away for breath.
"I love you, Goof. Always will." She breathed. He laughed and kissed her forehead.
"I love you too, Princess." He said, and Lara froze.
"What?"
"What?" Alex asked.
"Why did you call me Princess?"
"I dunno. Just felt like it suits you." He said, looking away from Lara.
Lara shook her head and backed away. No one had called her that other than Drake. No one. "Alex, what's wrong?"
He looked at me with a hollowness in his eyes.
"I stabbed you, just then. And Liam saved you." He whispered.
Lara stepped back and stumbled into Liam. He caught her, holding her to him. The girl across from them came towards Alex and patted his back.
"It was an accident. He thought you were a Hunter." She said.
"You have no right to speak. I don't even know who you are." Lara said calmly.
"I was your brothers girlfriend!" She snapped, causing Lara to look at Liam.
"I love her." He whispered.
Lara put her hands over her ears and tried to think. This was all too much. Her brother had a secret girlfriend, and Lara's boyfriend had tried to kill her by accident?
"I can't. No, I'm sorry. I need a break from this. You guys can figure out how to stop The Hunters. I just...I can't." Lara said sadly.
"Lara, wait." Alex said, but Lara was gone in an instant. In her home, standing in the centre of the living room. She collapsed onto the sofa, curled up into a ball, and began to cry.

Part XIX:
Drake watched from a building top as The Hunters scavenged the streets. He heard a very loud scream cut through the air, and followed its direction. A teenage girl was trying her best to get a Hunter off of her, but it was too strong. It snapped her neck in a swift action, and her screaming subsided.
December 32nd. Drake felt the power he had buzz around him. He loved this feeling, of having control. Leading something.
He felt a tinge inside his chest. He felt her. Lara. She was in pain at the moment, he could sense it. Drake knew that she would get in his way. She would be a distraction that he should dispose of.
But he knew he couldn't, because no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't ignore how he felt.
After clenching and unclenching his fist numerous times, he pictured Lara clearly in his head. He felt the air shift around him, and opened his eyes to see Lara laying asleep on her couch. Her eyes were red and slightly puffy, showing she'd cried herself to sleep. Drake felt a pang of guilt bubble up in his chest, but pushed it down. He couldn't love her anymore. He had once, and she loved him back.
He walked over to her and crouched, his face inches from hers. For a moment he just stared at her, taking in her appearance. Her chin was still slightly pointed, her brown hair wrapped around her
face like a mane. Small nose with a gentle flick at the end, and a few stray freckles were spotted on the bridge of her nose. She was cute and beautiful at the same time.
It was then that Drake lost himself, and felt a strong sense of lust towards this girl. Drake leaned forward, ignoring the voice in his head telling him to stop. He didn't care. He wanted her, and he had to make her see she still wanted him. He had saved Liam for her. As soon as he saw him among The Hunters, Drake changed him instantly.
He continued to lean until his lips gently brushed against hers. The action was so delicate. That was when Lara's eyes shot open, and she registered what was happening.
She pushed him away with surprising force and Drake stood back up, making space between them.
"What are you doing?" She asked, her voice slightly hoarse from sleeping. She got on her feet, her hair a bit fuzzy.
"I-I..." He stuttered, lost for words.
"Well?" She pushed.
"I'm sorry. I don't know what came over me."
She walked towards him, coming close to his body. Her head only came to his chin, so she looked up at him with a strange look in her eyes.
"Why did you kiss me?" She whispered.
"I...I just..." Drake stumbled, trying to form a coherent sentence.
Lara smiled. She actually smiled up at him. Even after bringing back December 32nd and The Hunters and causing her so much pain, she still smiled at him.
She brought her hands up and gently brushed his jaw. There was a slight bit of stubble there. The simple action sent heat through his body.
"You haven't changed. Still want power. Still want to rule over others. Still my Drake." She whispered the last part, as if she was afraid that he would hit her for saying it. Drake lifted his hands and placed them on her waist.
"I'm sorry, Lara."
A tear sprung from her eye and ran down her cheek, leaving a small trail like a snail did.
She put her hand at the back of his head and pulled him downwards. Her lips met his gently at first, until he couldn't take it anymore. He deepened the kiss, slipping his tongue in her mouth and making her moan. She responded prominently, giving Drake what he'd wanted for too long now.
She broke away, breathing heavily. She broke the contact they had and stepped back, creating too large a space for his liking.
"Sorry, that was a mistake."
A mistake? Is that what she thought? He thought it was completely right.
"Don't lie to yourself Lara. You know that was right." He said before he could think. She looked taken aback by this statement.
She shook her head, not wanting to believe that she still possibly had feelings for him. He crossed the space between them in two strides and grabbed her again. At first she resisted, until she looked into his eyes. Drake was displaying that the love he had for her was still present. It never died.
"I can't love you Drake, you're a bad person." She said, looking at his chest. She was trying to convince herself more than him.
"I may not make the best decisions, that's why I need you to set me straight." He countered, bringing his forehead to hers. She closed her eyes and soaked up his words.
"But, Alex..."
"Who do you want more, me or him?" Drake asked, pulled back slightly. She looked up at his face, analysing all the little details. His big nose, full lips, tanned skin, dimples...
She always used to point them out, giving him reasons why she loved him.
As she opened her mouth to answer, a Hunter burst through the door. She stiffened at the sight of it, and he pushed her behind him.
He raised his hand, but The Hunter was too fast, catching his hand and throwing him with it. He landed on the sofa roughly. Lara's eyes were
riddled with fear as she looked at The Hunter in front of her.
Drake did that to her. He made her feel that petrifying fear, because he brought this upon them. He realised there and then that he didn't want control over the town.
He wanted her, but he was too blind to see it.
The Hunter stepped forward and grabbed her, clutching her tightly. In a second they were both gone, as if they were never there.
Drake felt his chest tighten and a lump began to form in his throat.
Lara had been kidnapped, and it was his fault. He had to get her back.
And he needed help from the one guy who probably wanted to murder him.
Alex.

Part XX:
Alex had left Cass with Liam so that they could have their reunion. He was more concerned about Lara. He's made a huge mistake.
Alex walked out of the Town Hall to find empty streets. Everyone was hiding away, trying to steer clear of any Hunters.
He walked down the steps and along the pavement, using the cover of parked cars. It wasn't a great way to hide, but Alex's thoughts were all over the place. He wanted to find Lara, stop The Hunters and kill Drake. It would be a lot to do in a day. And then there was The Vipers to deal with.
It just seemed like so much. Too much for Alex to do alone. He'd lost so many lives, and he felt responsible for all of them. He was meant to protect them. But then the question: why him? Why did it have to be him who got all the weight on his shoulders? He'd been a good person all of his life. He didn't know that meant he would have to save everyone from dying. He couldn't save them all. He couldn't.
He stopped when a Hunter stepped into view in front of him. It faced him, completely frozen. Alex didn't know how to react, but as he took a step it rushed forward. Before he could run or do anything, it wrapped its arms around him with incredible strength. Alex felt the breath leave his lungs instantly, and before he knew it everything started to become a blur. He tried desperately to get oxygen to his lungs, but he couldn't.
His vision started to darken, and he sent a last thought to Lara before he died.
I love you, Lara.
And then his vision faded as Alex fell into a strange darkness. However the last thing he saw was something shocking. He saw Drake, running towards him. And by the look on his face, it looked like he was about to save him.

Part XXI:
The Hunter had locked Lara in an abandoned warehouse on the outskirts of town. She had no idea why it hadn't killed her yet.
It left, locking the door. She was plunged into darkness. She'd never been fond of being in the dark. She always thought because it took away your eyesight, it enhanced your other senses. Like hearing. She could hear every creek and ping in the dark. It always made her paranoid.
At the moment, her paranoia was starting to consume her. She could hear small sounds. And from the glimpse she had got, the place had been completely bare.
Then she heard it - a footstep. Faint, but she heard it. Lara's heart began to speed up, hammering against her rib-cage. She stood completely still as she waited to hear another accompany the first.
She tried to breathe as quietly as possible, so not to attract attention to herself. She wondered if her acquaintance could hear her heart beating.
Then another footstep. This one louder than the first. Her assailant wanted her to know that they were present.
"Who are you?" She asked. She waited, expecting no answer.
"They call me Defective." The voice was deep. It sounded empty.
"Who are you?" Lara repeated.
"Just because you ask the question twice doesn't mean I'm going to answer it."
"And why won't you?" Lara asked, now facing the direction the voice came from.
"It's the only thing keeping me alive."
Lara recognised the voice. She'd definitely heard it before. She strained to remember who it belonged to.
"Why don't you just leave? Teleport out of here or whatever it is you do." The voice added.
"I can't focus." Lara replied honestly. She needed to know who this man was. She felt the answer in her head, but couldn't pin it down.
"OK."
He was trying to cut the communication off. Maybe he knew who Lara was as well. Maybe he was afraid of her.
"Why do they call you Defective?"
"Because I shouldn't be alive. But that boy - Drake - he isn't like the others. He's intelligent. He's...more. He brought me back, and kept me here."
Lara felt the pieces slide into place. She realised instantly who the voice belonged to. A voice she had prayed would never be heard again. She shook her head, scrunching her hair. There was no way. No way that it was him. But she couldn't help uttering his name.
"Claspe."
The light flickered on, and there he stood.
"Hello, Lara."

Part XXII:
"Put him down." Drake ordered The Hunter holding Alex's unconscious form. The Hunter tilted his head at him, trying to display confusion.
Archie had re-programmed them to obey Drake's commands.
"De-activate." He ordered, but The Hunter just stepped back one pace. Drake scrunched his forehead. It should have just shut down - died. "De-activate!" Drake yelled, but it backed away further, still holding Alex. Drake took one step forward, but as soon as his heel hit the ground The Hunter vanished.
Drake swore under his breath. Something was wrong with them. Now he was torn - he had to find Lara and Alex. But he needed to go pay a visit to someone.
He fished his phone from his pocket and dialled Archie's number. It rung for a few seconds then Archie's voice came through.
"Hey, Drake."
"Archie, where are you?"
"Town Hall, I've set up all the equipment here. Why?"
"I just want to talk to you - in person. See you in a sec." Drake said, and cut the phone off before Archie could reply. In a second he stood in Town Hall, behind Archie. Drake cleared his throat, and
Archie jumped and spun around. Drake smiled mockingly at him, and he gave a sheepish look.
"What's up?" He asked.
"The Hunters aren't obeying me. I think there could be a malfunction."
Archie looked puzzled, but then his face cleared and he smiled.
"Ah, right." He said calmly. Drake faltered slightly.
"So...what's wrong with them?"
"Nothing."
"Then why won't they obey my command?"
"Because they're not programmed too." He replied simply. Drake narrowed his eyes at the skinny man.
"And why's that?" Drake asked, anger beginning to leak into his voice.
"Let's face it Drake, you had no initiative. You brought together a group and promised them power. And yet, I was the one with the real power. I was the person with the brains - without me you all failed. So really I held all the cards. Well guess what? The Hunters only obey me. It was amusing, watching them storm the warehouse where we originally set up. They killed you're little Vipers without a second thought. So much blood. The room was practically red by the time they were done. It was quite beautiful, I must say."
Drake was too shocked to speak. Of all the people in his group, he had never expected Archie to be the one to betray him. His money had always been on Connor.
"You're sick."
"Maybe so, but some of the most famous icons in history were psychotic, and yet they were visionaries. You, my friend, were just a love sick puppy." At the mere mention of Lara anger boiled through Drake.
"What have you done with her?" He asked through gritted teeth.
"Don't worry, Drake. She's safe. Do you really think I'd kill her without you seeing? That would just be a waste." Archie made a tutting sound with his mouth. "No, no. She's spending some time with an old friend. One that you had a hand in bringing back before you realised why you actually came back."
Drake realised instantly who he was referring too. Benedict Claspe. Drake had brought him back. He'd injected Claspe's corpse with the same serum he'd injected Liam with. It gave Liam his mind back, and Claspe his life. That serum was Drake's only kept secret, not even Archie knew its contents. If Archie had Lara trapped with Claspe, then he probably planned to take Alex to the same place. He was rounding people up. But why?
"Simple actually. The Hunters will go into standby mode at the stroke of midnight. At this time they will
collect all of their victims, clean up the blood and gore left behind and go into hiding. Next year, on the third December 32nd, they will start their reign of terror again."
"But think about it, what is the point of this? At first I just wanted power. Power and revenge. But then I realised, there's no purpose to this. Killing innocents, killing our enemies. All it does is make us the enemies to everyone else." Drake countered, trying to shove some sort of reasoning into Archie's head. It had taken a long time to get into Drake's.
"No Drake. There is a purpose. One that you and everyone else is yet to discover. There's a reason the human race has started it's next step in evolution. Everything was planned."
"By who?"
"A greater power. Don't worry, you'll see soon enough." Archie grinned and snapped his fingers. In a second two Hunter's held both of Drake's arms.
"Archie, you're insane! Why can't you get it into you're head? This is wrong, you have to stop it!" Drake yelled, whilst trying to break the iron holds of his captors.
"No Drake. You're just naïve to think that the human race are actually capable of achieving these things without a little nudge along the way." Archie said, and winked. Drake felt his anger seethe.
"Think about what you're doing! Think, Archie!"
"Oh I know exactly what I'm doing. You two, take him away. And collect the others I want. They all have to be there for the show. They all have a part to play." Archie instructed The Hunters, and they nodded once each. The Hunters zoomed out of the room, holding onto Drake tightly. His surroundings became blurred as wind crashed into his eyes. Absent tears welled at the brim of his eyes, the wind making his eyes water.
Suddenly they came to a halt, and Drake was too dozed to look around. A metal door was opened, and Drake was thrown in roughly. He landed on a hard floor. He groaned, and the door was slammed shut and bolted. He heard footsteps rush to him, and felt a warm hand on his face.
"Drake? Drake!" He heard her say. Drake opened his eyes and saw Lara on her knees next to him.
"Hey." He managed. She placed her forehead on his.
"You're an idiot." She whispered.
Drake sighed, his recent conversation now sinking in. He was on the losing side again. He'd lost his position of power as soon as he'd came, not that he'd even actually wanted it.
"I know I am, Lara. I know."

Part XXIII:
Cass wasn't sure what to think, all she knew was that Liam was back. Despite everything that was happening - The Hunters, December 32nd, The Vipers - she had her Liam back.
Everyone had left them here. Lara had disappeared. Alex went on a frenzy to find her. Liam clung to Cass tightly, his strong arms flexing against her back. He was pouring his love for Cass into her through this simple gesture. That was one of the things she loved about him. He was always like this, before he went missing.
Cass remembered that day, being told her boyfriend had been reported missing for 24 hours. The memory crept back into her head unintentionally.
"Cass, sweetheart, can you come downstairs a moment?" Her mother called, her voice seeming to be pained. Cass recognised the difference in her tone, and quickly made her way down the red-carpeted stairs, her toes sinking in between the fibres. She reached the bottom, and turned into the living room. There her mother stood, a policeman next to her. He looked fairly old to Cass, possibly about 40. His hair was dark brown, but had small streaks of grey lining it. His face had began to wrinkle ever so slightly. His eyes met Cass' and she saw a look of sympathy there.
"What's going on?" Cass asked.
"Cass..." Her mother began, but choked before she could finish.
"Cass? I'm Gary Forser. I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your boyfriend, Liam Tristle, has been missing for just over 24 hours now." He said slowly, allowing time for his words to actually settle on Cass.
Cass didn't know what to say. She didn't know how to react, or how she should have reacted. All she did was stand there frozen, her eyes fixed on the photograph of her and Liam that sat on the mantelpiece behind Officer Forser.
"Now, I assure you that finding Liam is essential, but we can't step in until 48 hours have gone past. If he still hasn't shown up, we'll start our search. We will find him, Cass. Don't you worry about that." Officer Forser assured, but Cass could see it. That little line near the corner of his mouth. He couldn't say it for sure, so he lied to spare her feelings. She'd always just preferred the truth, no matter how hard it was to take.
But still, she said nothing, only nodded dumbly. A distant memory sparked, one of Liam mentioning something about his sister. He hadn't said her name, but still a pit of sympathy formed for her. She'd been told the exact same thing by this exact man. Cass didn't have to imagine what she felt, because Cass felt it too.
It felt like a piece of her was missing - gone. And she'd never get it back.
Cass had gone through that memory so many times. Always haunting her. Always reminding her she'd lost Liam forever. That was, until about 10 minutes ago.
"Liam, what happened?" Cass asked, feeling a weight be lifted off her chest at the same time. He pulled away, locking eyes with her.
"I was kidnapped 3 years ago. It's all a bit hazy, but I remember walking home one night half drunk. And some guy said night to me, and then he drugged me. I woke up once, and everything was so clean. I felt wires in my veins, and I screamed so loud the doctors around me had to tape my mouth shut. Then I drifted away, and up until now I hadn't remembered anything about the past 3 years." Liam told Cass. She tried to put the information together. Cass had always been a person who liked to complete puzzles and mysteries. When she was a child her mother used to do a puzzle with her every evening. Some evenings it would take them 5 minutes, and others hours on end. As Cass got older, the puzzles got harder. Cass realised a little while ago that her Mum used the puzzles as a distraction so that she didn't ask about her Dad much.
"That sounds horrible." Cass admitted. Liam smiled at her, and she raised an eyebrow. "What?" Cass asked.
"You're telling me that a pretty little thing like you didn't have any other boyfriends while I was gone? I mean, you must have thought I was gone forever."
Cass stared at him, but realised that he was being serious.
"I didn't have any other boyfriends Liam. I couldn't move on from you." Cass said, looking down at his black shoes. He lifted her chin with his finger, forcing her to stare into those emeralds.
"Well I'm glad then." He whispered, and leaned down. His head tilted slightly, and at an achingly slow pace they kissed. Cass relished the feeling that came with Liam's kisses. It was one she hadn't felt for such a long time she'd almost forgotten it.
He pulled away, a smile on his face. Cass was about to kiss him again, when she heard footsteps.
"Who's that?" Liam asked. Cass shrugged, splitting from him and going to the stairs. The door opened and a Hunter stood at the top. No, two Hunters. Cass' eyes widened and she backed away.
"Hunters!" She said, and Liam grabbed her and shoved her behind him. In an instant The Hunters were down the steps and in front of them.
"Leave." Liam ordered, but The Hunters stayed deathly still.
And then they moved. It was so quick, Cass would have missed it if she blinked. The Hunter closest jumped forward and took hold of Liam like a viper. Liam was yanked away from Cass, and in a whoosh of air they were both gone. Now Cass stood alone with the remaining Hunter.
It stepped forward, and that was enough for Cass. She raised her hand in an instant sweep, and The Hunter flew back through the air and hit the wall. Cass tried to focus, but she couldn't teleport with her heart beating in her ears. She needed to be calm.
Instead she dashed up the stairs and burst through the door. She stumbled into another empty room, and went through the door.
Now Cass stood in the Grand Hall of The Town Hall. She knew how to get to the exit from here. She made a run for the first door, but when she blinked The Hunter stood there, blocking it. She skidded to a stop.
"Get out of the way." She said, forcing herself to sound stronger than she was. The Hunter ran forward, and they both crashed into each other. The Hunter landed on top of Cass, and Cass slammed her back against the hard floor. She moaned in pain, and The Hunter jumped up. It scooped Cass up with ease, and then they were moving. Cass' head began to spin at the speed they were going, so she tried to block it out.
They stopped soon after, and Cass' world began to tilt. She heard a rusty sound, and then she was falling. Yet again, another hard floor greeted her, and just before she sunk into the darkness, she saw Lara running to her.
Cass couldn't tell if it was real or not, but it didn't matter when the darkness took her.
Everything was quiet.

Part XXIV:
Lara stared at the people in the warehouse around her. Alex, who sat dazed against the far wall. Drake, who paced back and forth, despite his injuries. Cass, who seemed to sit alone, staring off into space. Liam, who looked scared and confused, always looking to Lara for an explanation she didn't have. And Benedict Claspe, who looked irritated at his current surroundings.
She stood on the centre, wondering why this group of people had been brought together by Archie - the computer genius behind The Vipers.
And, above everything that was happening, she felt conflicted. Her emotions were having a war within her. She was torn between two men. One who she'd been with for 2 years and fallen in love with over that time. And another, who'd she'd fallen in love with long ago, but had left behind. Now her love for them both strangled her heart.
"I don't understand. Why would this boy gather us here?" Benedict wondered for the umpteenth time.
"He said we all had a part to play. I'm just curious to know what part we each have." Drake added, his eyes glued to the floor. Benedict didn't formerly know Drake, or Cass most likely, but they spoke as if they were in an alliance. Lara would never say it out loud, but she needed to work with Claspe in order to figure out how to stop Archie.
"I don't understand what part I would play in anything." Cass said.
"Well, Drake lead Archie here which allowed him control of The Hunters. Alex and I took down The Hunters before, so he must want us gotten rid of. Benedict was brought back by Drake, but taken here...which reminds me, how? How did you bring him back?" Lara directed this question at Drake. He looked her in the eye.
"I just...did. Archie advised me to bring Benedict back because he could be an important asset. So I re-animated his corpse with the serum. It was hard, but I managed to do it. We had Benedict taken here."
"You saved me." Liam said, intending it for Drake but looking at no one.
"I did. I injected a reversal serum into your eye, which I developed. I was always watching Archie and learning from him, so I used all that to make a serum to reverse major effects. Even death."
Lara noticed that Archie had a voice in all of Drake's decisions. Which meant he could have been influencing him without Drake actually realising.
Benedict laughed spitefully. "You've been manipulated by your own partner in crime. I do respect him for that."
"Not the best time, Claspe." Alex spat. He looked at Claspe with sheer disgust. He hated that man, which Lara understood, because she hated him
too. He had stabbed Alex and murdered Charlotte and countless others because he was power-hungry. Lara had been the one to put the bullet in his head.
Drake jumped to his feet. He looked shocked, but also confused.
"Drake, what's wrong?" Lara asked.
"Claspe wasn't the only person I was told to re-animate. Archie told me there was another. He said that bringing them back would ensure our plan to be successful." Drake couldn't speak fast enough.
"Do you know who it was?" Cass asked.
Drake nodded. "Archie told me her name. He said it was-"
The door opened to the warehouse, cutting Drake off. Archie strolled in casually.
"Hello, prisoners. How are we all?" He spoke with a strange kind of confidence. As if the tone had been one he wasn't familiar with, but enjoyed it nonetheless. The people in the room all sent poisonous stares at the skinny man. "Ah, I see there are still some bad vibes. No matter, I was just delivering the final prisoner. Personally, of course." Archie smiled. It was devious, giving him an edge of pride and deceit. He stepped aside to allow the last prisoner to join them in the room.
She looked exactly the same since the last time Lara had seen her. Dark hair, beautiful body. But modest, unaware of her own beauty. It was a
quality Lara had admired in her long ago. The last thing Lara looked at were her eyes.
There was no familiar fire that Lara once saw.
"Hello." Charlotte-Jane greeted.
All jaws dropped at once.

Part XXV:
Alex felt sick. His head was pounding, his stomach twisting. Charlotte stood there, blinking at all of them.
"Charlotte?" Lara asked in disbelief.
"Yes?" Charlotte's voice. Her voice. She was alive. Flesh and blood and bone.
"It's really you..." Lara breathed, rushing to her old friend. Charlotte stepped back, away from Lara's embrace, and gave a confused look.
"Uhm, I'm sorry. I don't believe we've met. Who are you exactly? Cass or Lara?" Charlotte smiled at Lara, an innocence on her face. Alex sat up straighter, his heart beating faster in his chest.
"What? It's me. Lara."
Charlotte creased her brow. "Do we know each other?"
Lara's face fell slack, and she stepped away. Charlotte had no memory of who she was. Of who they were. She wouldn't know Cass or Drake, but surely Lara, Alex and even Benedict. The man who killed her.
"Isn't she brilliant? You are all strangers to her. Drake brought her back, and I re-wrote her entire memory starting just before the announcement of December 32nd. Now she has no idea who she is." Archie glowered.
"You do know she can hear you, right?" Drake said, looking at Charlotte. Another dead person he'd brought back - somehow. Him, of all people, was granted the power of restoring life. Alex hadn't seen anyone Evolve like that.
Archie waved his hand in front of Charlotte's face and she blinked rapidly. She stood frozen for a moment, then blinked once and looked around.
"Oh, hello. Nice to meet you, I'm Charlotte-Jane." Charlotte greeted again.
"What did you do?" Cass asked, scared and intrigued at the same time.
"You see, the greater powers think that people should all have something about them. We shouldn't all just Evolve to be the same. At first, we will. All taking on the basic telekinesis and teleportation. But after a while those abilities start to disappear and are replaced by your true discipline. Drake has been given the gift of resurrection. I have the gift of memory, because that is what the powers gave me." Archie explained, almost in a chant.
"The greater powers? What are you talking about? You sound worse than Claspe." Alex commented.
"Amusing, truly." Claspe said dryly. Alex scowled at him, then looked to Archie.
"Don't compare me to this moron." Archie motioned to Claspe.
"I beg your pardon." Claspe said, stepping closer.
"You may beg for it, but you ain't getting it old man." Archie hissed, and Benedict's hand shot up.
Nothing happened. He looked down at his own wrinkled hand. No abilities.
"Anyone resurrected by Drake loses their abilities for good. The price to pay. You have know further protection from the powers." Archie grinned. "I may not have my abilities anymore, but I can sure as hell mess with you a little." Archie went to wave his hand over Benedict's face, but before Alex could think he raised his own hand and threw the skinny man backwards.
Alex got to his feet, and Charlotte looked between Archie and Alex, unsure. Alex walked over to him. Cass was quickly by his side, as was Lara. Drake stayed back with Liam.
"Don't move." Lara instructed. Archie looked up at them, a sliver of blood ran from his nose. He touched it and laughed.
"They haven't given you a purpose yet." He chanted.
"Who? Who hasn't?" Cass asked. She grabbed his collar and yanked him forward. "Tell us!"
Alex had never seen such anger. He'd not known Cass for long, but he never knew she was capable of emotion like this. Pure, pure anger.
"They are the greater ones. They have watched us from beyond, implanting ideas and thoughts inside certain minds in order to set off their plans.
Everything that has happened over the last 3 years has been because of them. We are all a part of something bigger. We were chosen to be heroes. They chose me to deliver this knowledge to you all specifically. That's why they made mine and Drake's paths cross. They needed Charlotte and Benedict and Liam alive to complete their final plans. To set everything into place." Archie, from this angle, looked insane. He spoke with a deranged passion, one that he seemed to fool himself to believe.
"You are mental." Cass spat, and dropped the man to the ground. She lashed out, kicking Archie in the side with her boot. Archie heaved but laughed still. Cass kicked him again, and again and again - each one harder than the previous. Alex grabbed Cass and pulled her back, seemingly breaking her from her blind rage. She breathed heavily, and wouldn't look into Alex's eyes.
"What's wrong with me?" She whispered. She looked at her hands, which were red. Alex touched one, and felt the heat there. Alex moved her chin so she looked at him. Finally, their eyes locked, and Alex saw something that had once belonged to Charlotte, a long time ago.
He saw fire.

Part XXVI:
Liam covered his ears and sat on the floor in the corner. Too much noise.
Too much.
He didn't understand why they all spoke with heavy voices. Why they sounded like they could never be happy again. Liam's past was still hazy to him, but from what he could remember he could find reasons for Cass and Lara to be sad. They'd both lost someone they'd cared about.
But what about the others? The boy they called Alex, who walked with the weight of the world on his shoulders. The boy they called Drake, who looked at Lara with guilt and lust at the same time. Even the man, Benedict. Liam could gather he was a bad person, but he still had emotions.
The skinny man, Archie, spat blood onto the floor. He propped himself on his elbows, looking up at Lara.
"You, my dear girl, were always my favourite." Archie slurred.
"Shut up." Lara said fiercely.
"There's a reason that you're here, Lara. You, and Alex, and Liam and Cass. Cass is what they like to refer to as 'The Replacement'."
"Replacement for what?" Lara asked.
"For Charlotte-Jane. Have you noticed that Charlotte lacks that familiar spark?" Archie was teasing her. He was teasing Liam's sister.
Liam jumped to his feet and walked over to Archie. He stood in front of Lara to shield her.
"Why bring her back?" Liam asked. His speech had come back fully now. And, piece by piece, his memories were returning too.
"The greater powers said to do so, so I made sure it happened. She no longer has her branded gift. It was passed on to Cass. You, however, still have yours." Archie sat up fully now. Then he rose to his feet, his height easily matching my own.
Suddenly a memory flashed into Liam's mind. One where he and Lara were arguing about him being a little bit taller than she was.
Liam smiled to himself. That was the first normal memory he'd had.
"But, Drake helped Liam. Shouldn't he be without powers now? Plus, he was genetically altered. His Evolution process, or whatever it was, was sped up." Lara commented, her voice an octave lower than before. Her curiosity was starting to take over now. Liam couldn't forget how curious she could be.
"Very true. But it was all a part of their plan. Everything that's happened has lead up to this. The only thing that they didn't know would happen was that Charlotte would die."
"I died?" Charlotte asked, walking over to join them.
"Don't worry about that." Lara dismissed. "So, because Liam was never actually dead, he still has his purpose?"
"Precisely. Drake injected him with a serum that counteracts with the effects of a Hunter. I made sure he created the serum, based on instructions I was given. The only thing is, in order for it to work, The Hunters have to be activated. That's why I lead Drake to do so. Form The Vipers, activate The Hunters, set the plan in motion. I plan to use the serum on all the Hunters. Only the Hunters here are activated. Nowhere else. I can just send out a signal, and they all come running to Town Hall." Archie explained. Some of the words confused Liam, but he understood the basics. Archie was going to save all of The Hunters that had been turned.
"But I died, as well." Lara said very quietly. Liam still noticed Alex's head turn towards them. He heard her. His eyes displayed that clearly. "Shouldn't my purpose be gone?"
"You were on the verge of death. You were saved just in time."
Liam was relieved of that. To come back and finally be normal again is one thing. But to find out your sister died moments before? That would have broke him.
"So what happens now?" Liam asked.
"Now, we wait. You all will receive your purposes at the same time. It will come...soon." Archie said, a smile plastered on his face. His pointy nose scrunched up like a rat.
"Well, in the mean time, deactivate all The Hunters and bring them back." Lara commanded.
"Ah, first I must witness the shift from basic abilities to pure purpose. Everyone has one, but there are certain ones where only one person will have one certain purpose. There are many purposes which people will have the same. You, Alex, Liam and Cass all have a special purpose. As do Drake and I. There are a few others, but I was not told to locate them." The more Archie spoke, the more Liam started to believe his words. He spoke with a certainty that couldn't be ignored.
And then, Cass started screaming. She crumpled to the ground and writhed in pain. Her face was turning red. Her lungs must have been burning. The scream was being torn from her throat. She rolled about, and Liam couldn't understand what was happening.
And then, she was on fire.
"And so it begins." Archie said, and Liam could tell he had a smile on his face.

Part XXVII:
Lara couldn't think straight. Too much was happening. Cass rolled around on the floor screaming, bright orange flames encasing her. Alex stood completely still, looking down in disbelief. Liam held his hands over his ears and started to panic. Drake had got to his feet and rushed over. So had Archie, but Archie was the only one smiling at the scene. Benedict Claspe stayed back, watching from a distance. Charlotte stood near the door, her eyes riddled with confusion and fear.
Lara turned to face Archie. "What's happening?" She demanded.
"She is receiving her purpose."
Lara looked back at Cass, who was now burning alive.
"It's killing her." Lara argued, gesturing to the fire. Surely Archie had to see that Cass was going to die if this continued. Lara may have started to see some sense in his theory, but that didn't mean it was all correct.
"Watch." He whispered. She turned her head to look at Cass. Her screams were becoming deafening. Her throat sounded rough, but she still screamed. And then, as if by magic, the flames disappeared, leaving Cass laying on the ground unharmed. She breathed in and out, her eyes wide and wild. Lara couldn't comprehend what had just happened, but she didn't have time before she stopped breathing. Her throat and lungs filled with
fluid almost instantly. She staggered to her knees, trying to cough up the liquid. But nothing would come up. Her face began to turn red as the struggle for oxygen continued.
"As one ends, another begins." She heard Archie say. She'd slap him if she wasn't dying. She leaned forward, hunching her back. Nothing would bring up the fluid. She could taste it in her mouth. It tasted of nothing. Like...water. She took drastic measures and stuck two fingers down her throat. This caused her to gag, and she coughed up a hefty portion of water onto the ground.
"Lara!" Alex yelled, kneeling beside her. Her face was now changing into a purple shade. Alex attempted the Heimlich manoeuvre, but it didn't work. The water had come from the inside, and it wouldn't come out. Lara coughed violently, but no matter what she did the water remained in her lungs, choking her.
"Save her! Save her!" Liam was screaming.
"Let me try." Drake said, and Lara heard his footsteps distantly.
Before he could reach her, she felt the urge to puke. She followed it, and brought up all the contents that had been stored in her lungs. Water poured from her mouth - an unnaturally worrying amount. When she was finished, she sucked in air greedily. Alex kept his hand on one shoulder, whilst Drake placed his hand on her other. The irony in the small gestures was laughable.
"I wonder who's next." Archie said, and Lara scowled at him. She sat up, now regaining her strength, and looked around. Cass was still recovering from being set on fire instantaneously. Lara felt a huge jolt underneath her, and then the ground started to split under Alex's feet.
He began to sink into the ground.
Lara scrambled up and grabbed Alex's hand. She tried to pull him, but he had already sunk to his knees in the earth. Drake grabbed his other hand, but the ground pulled hard on Alex, dragging him downwards further. Lara couldn't comprehend why all these anomalies were happening, but she ignored that for now and focused on Alex. Her shoes were slipping.
"Help!" She yelled. Liam came over and wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling backwards. The effort still wasn't enough. Lara's hand slipped from Alex's grasp. He let go and she fell backwards. Liam fell onto his back and she landed on top of his chest. She sat up quickly to see Drake lose his grip and fall back beside them. Alex sunk at a faster rate. His hips disappeared in dirt. And then his stomach. and then his armpits. He held his arms over his head, trying to get a grip on the stone ground. He couldn't, and his neck sunk downwards.
Lara tried to reach for him, but Liam's limbs were tangled in her own. Drake was too dazed to respond. Benedict still stayed back cowardly, whilst Cass laid still in the same position as before. Archie, of course, stood smiling at the scene as it played out.
Lara looked back as Alex's nose sunk, and then he closed his eyes as his head was dunked under. His arms were pulled down in three seconds, and he was gone. No one moved. Silence had enveloped the room. The hole in the ground remained, and Lara waited anxiously for Alex to appear.
Nothing was happening.
"Please..." She mumbled to herself in desperation. Still nothing happened.
"Well this is odd..." Archie commented. Lara jumped to her feet and stomped over to him. She brought her fist back angrily, and just as she was about to throw it forward the ground shook again.
She cast her gaze back to the hole, where she saw the soil pulsating slightly. And then, almost instantly, Alex burst from the dirt and landed on the other side of the hole. He was breathing heavily, the struggle to hold his breath underground finally being awarded with air. He was covered from head to toe in dirt. The ground had consumed him, and then spat him out like waste.
The hole closed up noisily, covering itself with grey stone again. Lara rushed to Alex, brushing some dirt off of his face as she stroked his chin. She pecked him on the lips, and he attempted a small smile. He coughed, spitting some dirt that had invaded his mouth.
"What the hell just happened?" Cass asked, bewildered. She'd finally started to respond to the fact that she was still alive.
Lara looked to Archie for an explanation.
"There's still one more to go before I can reveal any more." Archie said. Lara wondered what this skinny little rat would look like if he didn't smile all the time.
Archie cast his eyes to Liam. One more to go...
Lara also looked at her brother. It couldn't be Claspe or Charlotte - they'd both been dead. Drake and Archie already received their purposes, and Alex and Cass and Lara had all endured an unexplainable event. That only left one more eligible person for Archie to be talking about. The boy who Lara and Archie both looked at in unison. The boy who, over two years ago, had been a Hunter on December 32nd. Her brother.
Her Liam. He was next.

Part XXVIII:
Alex looked at Liam as he spat the remnants of dirt from his mouth. All he tasted was nature and soil. A sharp wind had disrupted the silence that had settled. It hit Liam with an intense force, blowing him off his feet swiftly. He landed on his back, and the wind began to swirl around him, gathering bits of dust and dirt. It began to expand and grown towards the ceiling, trapping him inside. It formed into a small cyclone, spinning at an impossible speed. Alex saw small glimpses of Liam through the miniature tornado. Liam seemed to be struggling for breath. Lara tried to step towards him, but Alex gripped her shoulder.
"It isn't safe." Alex warned her. She looked so confused and afraid - it wasn't a natural look for Lara. Archie chuckled behind them, and Alex felt anger burn in his veins. He turned towards the scrawny man and punched him across the jaw. His head jerked to the right and he stumbled, but regained himself. "What's wrong with you?" Alex bellowed, making Lara jump.
"Alex, look!" Lara said, and Alex turned to see the cyclone was dissipating. Suddenly it vanished, and Liam was left lying on the ground, taking deep lungful's of air. Lara fell to her knees next to him. Drake came over towards them both, and Alex turned back to Archie.
"Is it over now?" He asked, trying to contain his anger. He was failing miserably.
"Oh, on the contrary Alex, it's only just begun."
Lara and Liam came over to Alex and stood next to him, attempting to show that Archie's conspiracies couldn't hurt them anymore. Cass stood beside Liam, and Alex saw their fingers lace together. He did the same with Lara's. Drake stood on the other side of Lara and followed suit. Alex looked at Liam. They weren't going to hold hands - just a bit too weird. Alex saw as the five stood united in front of the insane man. He half-grinned and pushed his glasses further up the bridge of his nose.
"You five have very important parts to play. You'll be the ones who will shape the world so that it is ready for the greater powers to co-exist among us." Archie said, looking to the ceiling. Alex couldn't help but tinker on the edge of belief for Archie's words. He sounded so sure of himself, and all his crazy predictions had come true. What if the greater powers he spoke off were actually true?
"What do you mean? Can you just say it instead of talking in riddles?" Lara exclaimed. Alex glanced at her expression. Her nose was scrunched up like it did when she was irritated and her eyes were slightly narrowed.
"Think about it, Lara." Archie challenged. She undone her fingers from Alex and Drake's hands and jumped forward. She kicked her foot out and caught him in the ribs. He cried out and staggered to the side, falling to his knees. Lara moved to punch.
"Stop!" Charlotte screamed from behind them. Alex watched as his previous girlfriend stomped over to
Lara and pulled her away from Archie. "Just stop, hurting him will get you nowhere."
"Let go, Charlotte. You don't even remember us." Lara replied flatly, shrugging out of her grip.
"Actually, I do remember him." She said, pointing at Claspe behind them. "He shot me." She breathed.
"And she shot me." Benedict spat, motioning to Lara. "Get over it."
"Are you serious? You shot me. I died. I should be dead, but I'm not. So maybe what Archie's saying is true. And if it is, you can't kill him, because he has a purpose." Charlotte argued. Lara locked eyes with her. Alex stared at Charlotte, waiting for that recognition she used to get in her eyes when she looked at him or Lara. But she didn't, because bringing her back had stolen her memories. Lara turned to Archie.
"What are our purposes?" Lara asked, her jaw tight with anger. Alex could tell if she received the wrong answer then Archie would regret it. He chuckled.
"You, my dear girl, have control over the four elements." He stated. Lara's eyes widened, and Alex's mouth fell open. Drake looked at Archie in disbelief, and Liam had no emotion on his face.
"You're lying." Lara sneered.
"No, he's not." Cass breathed. Lara turned to her sharply, ready to protest, but Alex saw her words catch in her throat.
In front of her, Cass was holding fire in her hand.

Part XXIX:
The fire didn't burn her palm. Cass watched in astonishment as the flame danced around her fingers.
"It's starting..." Archie chimed.
Cass wasn't listening. She wasn't listening to Alex and Lara argue with Archie, and she couldn't feel Liam's hand that was most definitely on her shoulder. She couldn't take her eyes off of the splash of colours that nested in her hand. She was holding fire.
The bickering got louder, with Claspe joining in and Charlotte-Jane trying to establish some sort of reasoning. The whole scene was out of control. Two of the people standing before her should have been dead, one of them was insane, and apparently four of them had control over the elements. Cass would have laughed if she was told a story like this was true, but it was true. The dead were living, there was a crazy boy and she was holding fire.
"Enough!" Cass shouted, silencing the group. Alex and Drake stood either side of Lara. Liam stood just behind her, his hand on Cass' shoulder. Claspe looked at her with an annoyed and exhausted expression, whilst Archie stared at the fire she still held. "Everyone be quiet for 1 minute." She demanded. No one spoke. She turned to Archie. "What is happening?" She asked, extending her palm slightly. The fire wavered, but still stayed where it was.
"The greater ones have chosen you four to wield the power of the elements. You are going to shape the earth in preparation for their arrival." Archie replied, raising a hand and pointing upwards.
"So...how do we control it?" Cass continued. She couldn't deny that everything Archie was saying wasn't the truth. It was all coming true.
"Control will come naturally, in time."
"How much time?" Lara asked, breaking the silence.
"As much time as is needed to do so. If it is not within your lifespan, then it will be passed to the next generation." Archie said, looking at Cass' and Lara's stomachs.
"What about Charlotte-Jane?" Cass asked.
"She cannot bear children." Archie replied. "Another price paid to live."
"This just keeps getting better and better..." Charlotte-Jane mumbled, crossing her arms. Cass still couldn't wrap her head around the fact that she was brought back to life. Everything that was happening defied all laws of science, and yet here it was. The human race wasn't evolving naturally, it was being pushed into the next evolutionary stage by 'the greater ones'.
"Uh, enough of this shit." Drake said. He stepped forward sharply and in one swift motion punched Archie around the jaw. His head jerked to the left and he lost his balance, falling onto his side.
"Drake!" Lara said, stepping forward and grabbing his arm. Alex visibly tensed at the minute contact. Charlotte-Jane watched Alex's expression carefully, and Cass was sure she saw hurt cross her features. She was clearly tangled in a complex relationship web. But Cass couldn't help but think that they had much bigger problems to deal with, like the fact everything people had been told was a lie, and that everything happening was just a part of a bigger plan for some unknown race to inhabit Earth.
"Oh for Heaven's sake, children control yourselves." Claspe said. Drake turned towards him.
"Why don't you shut up? You're meant to be dead." Drake reminded.
"And who, my dear boy, was the one who changed that situation?" Claspe challenged, smiling to himself. Cass saw that Drake's patience was thinning rapidly.
"Well I can change it back!" He growled, moving closer. Alex didn't go to stop him, and Lara looked disappointed at Drake's handling of the situation. Charlotte-Jane still watched Alex, and Cass almost laughed at the fact that he hadn't noticed. Cass just stood to the side with Liam, watching the situation. She didn't understand why Lara looked disappointed at Drake's reaction. Cass thought it was completely reasonable, considering everything that they had discovered.
"Feel free. There's nothing here for me, anyway. I preferred being dead." Claspe hissed, and Charlotte broke her gaze from Alex to look at Claspe.
"Then die." She said simply, and the room fell silent. Cass looked at everyone in turn. Alex, Lara, Liam, Claspe, Archie and Drake all stared at Charlotte-Jane. Cass noticed a slight tremor in her hand. She was trying to hide it behind her back, as if it had happened before.
Cass' eyes widened as realisation dawned on her. Charlotte-Jane may have been brought back to life, but there were more side-effects than just infertility and no abilities...
Charlotte-Jane was dying all over again.

Part XXX:
Charlotte-Jane was dying. She knew she was. The idea of living again was too much to believe, and the constant tremor in her hand confirmed that. Her body was dead, but had been sparked back up. But that spark of energy was being used up, and she knew it was only a matter of time before she became a corpse again. She looked at Benedict. He seemed to be fine, but she knew death stalked him as well.
"Archie, I want you to listen to me carefully. So, you're saying we have these...abilities...and we've been given them to mould a new world fit for these...greater beings?" Lara asked, abusing the silence that had settled.
"Exactly. Everyone will slowly shift into a group of different abilities. This was always going to happen, it was only a matter of time. You all should feel pleasured to be picked for such an amazing thing. You will shape history from here on out." Archie spoke with a deranged passion, which almost made Charlotte want him to continue. It was nice to hear such belief behind something that should sound so far-fetched.
"What if we don't want to?" Alex asked. He hadn't looked at Charlotte. All she'd managed to get was a brief glance. She remembered what she'd told Lara in her dying moments, but seeing him pine over her hurt more than Charlotte thought possible. She still loved him, the only boy who ever paid her any attention. She couldn't help her jealousy. It didn't
matter though. She had to stay quiet; she knew her time approached.
"You have no choice, Alex. You've been chosen. If you don't learn to control your powers, then they will control you." Archie replied, narrowing his eyes at Alex. Charlotte looked at Cass and Liam. She'd never seen Liam, but Lara had mentioned him once before. She could see the spitting image between them. Benedict Claspe made a pfft sound.
"I've had enough. Shut down The Hunters, now." He barked. Archie didn't flinch like any normal person would. He simply tilted his head. Somehow they were all standing in an arch around Archie, as if it was all of them against one. In a way it was, because no one really wanted to believe anything Archie was saying, mostly because they could tell it was the truth.
"It's funny, Benedict, how you did the exact same thing this time last year. I thought you would have liked this." Archie teased, grinning. Charlotte had to hand it to him, he knew what he was doing.
"I was doing what needed to be done from a political perspective. I am a visionary, you are a fool." Benedict hissed, anger clear in his tone. Charlotte rolled her eyes at his callous behaviour. He was giving Archie exactly what he wanted.
"What if you die?" Charlotte said, looking at Archie.
"I am protected. I still have purpose. Those who must live will do so; nothing can harm them." Archie replied. Charlotte saw Drake's hand slip behind his
back. It should have been a gesture that went unnoticed, but ever since being revived, Charlotte's senses had perked. She noticed things more clearly. The crease of skin, the blink of an eye. She watched Drake's face. He was trying to act normal, but in trying to do so he was giving himself away. His lips were ever so slightly puckered. He was going to do something, and Charlotte had a gut feeling it would lead to more chaos. Charlotte locked eyes with Lara, and she motioned to Drake. Charlotte watched as Lara slipped her hand behind Drake's back. His eyes widened.
"Drake." Lara hissed.
"Let's put his word to the test." Drake said, loud enough to attract attention. All eyes turned to him, and Charlotte fought the urge to call him a moron. Drake pulled out a small knife, and before anyone could do or say a thing Drake grabbed Archie and plunged the knife into his stomach. A wave of nausea took over Charlotte as she remembered seeing Alex in the exact same situation. She tried to steady herself, but her knees felt weak, and her head felt unnaturally heavy on her neck. Cass and Liam stood still as Archie fell to the ground, blood pouring from the wound in his stomach. Lara was screaming at Drake, who seemed to be in a trance. Charlotte's vision blurred, but still she managed to make out the only person who noticed her strange episode: Benedict Claspe.
"What's wrong with her?" He asked, and Alex finally looked at Charlotte with some emotion. Charlotte tried to smile, but her legs gave out and the world
tipped around her. Her head smacked against the hard ground, and suddenly her vision blinked away. All she could see was pure darkness. Sound slowly fell away, but the last thing Charlotte felt was Alex's hand on her side. She knew it was his hand.
She would know his touch anywhere. She was grateful that she couldn't feel the pain that came with it.

Part XXXI:
Everything happened so fast Lara struggled to comprehend.
Archie fell to the ground, groaning as blood pooled around him. Drake stood still, barely blinking, staring at the skinny dying man on the ground. Alex had went to help Charlotte, who had fainted. Benedict Claspe looked like he didn't care - arsehole. Cass and Liam stood to the side, too shocked to react to a thing.
Lara almost laughed at the scene. It was unreal. Every single thing about what was happening was completely off the scale of normal. It was all messed up. The people here, somehow all their lives had intertwined without them even knowing about it. Two of whom were dead.
Lara looked cautiously at Archie. He was dying. Anyone could see that. All his crap about 'being kept alive' was just that. A load of bullshit. If you were killed, that was the end of it. Lara looked at Benedict and Charlotte. It should be the end of it. But Drake would never bring Archie back. Unless the greater ones planted the idea in his head...
This time Lara did laugh, but quietly. She couldn't believe any of that. Yes, maybe they would all move into different groups for their abilities, but that wasn't because some alien race said it to be that way. The human race was evolutionising. That was the only logical explanation for it.
Was there really a logical explanation for holding fire? Probably. Somewhere. There had to be, because Lara couldn't believe it. Believing it would make it that little bit more real, and that would only cause new fear to blossom.
She already had enough of that on her hands.
"Lara." Benedict pulled Lara from her thoughts before they consumed her. "It isn't the time for day dreaming. Look around you, everything's falling to pieces."
"What can I do about it?" Lara asked. Charlotte was unconscious, couldn't be helped. Archie was dying - who was going to help the mad-man with his conspiracy theories?
"You can start by getting the rat to talk before it dies." He looked down to Archie, who now sat in his own puddle of crimson blood. Lara approached him and bent into a squat.
"If you need to tell me anything, tell me now." Lara whispered, her teeth gritted. She couldn't deny that she was glad Archie was going to die. He was sick and twisted. It was either die or spend the rest of his life staring at four white walls.
"I welcome death, because I know that they will protect me. If I am to be taken from this earth, than they have mercy on me." He croaked. "You have no control over your mind, Lara. No matter what you think, your choices are made by them. They're inside you. Every decision you make, they had a
part in it. You have no choice but to mould an Earth they desire."
Lara shook her head and stood up. Archie had no hope. Everything that happened he just made up some excuse to make it seem like it was meant to happen. The truth was he was dying and he was in-denial about it. He couldn't accept the fact he was going to be dead, so he made himself believe that being dead was better than being alive. Well so be it. Lara didn't care how he dealt with it, as long as it was all over after he took his last breath. No more 'greater ones' or conspiracies or anything. Just deal with new problems as they come. That was how she had to think, because she couldn't cope with any more than that.
"What did he say?" Benedict asked her. She shook her head.
"A load of crap. As expected." She turned her back to him. She still felt uncomfortable to talk to Benedict. To even look at him. The circumstances were different, but he was still the same man who kidnapped Lara's brother and murdered her friend. She could never ever forgive him for that.
Lara went over to Liam and Cass. "See if you guys can get the doors open." She instructed. Liam nodded, smiled at her, and then walked off.
"He's so happy, you know." Cass said. "He can't believe he's back."
"Neither can I." Lara breathed. Cass smiled.
"I know how you feel. I love him, just like you. Who knows? Maybe's he's our lucky charm."
"You know, Cass, you might be right." Lara grinned and Cass walked off to help Liam. Lara moved towards Alex and Charlotte. Drake was sitting cross-legged on the ground. Best not to disturb him. Lara leaned over Alex to look at Charlotte. She'd become unhealthily pale, and her breathing seemed to be too shallow.
"What's wrong with her?" Lara asked.
"Her pulse is weak." Alex said emotionlessly. A weak pulse? Lara looked at her friend, at how her condition had changed so much. Just a minute ago she looked fine, and now...
"You don't think...?" Lara couldn't finish. She didn't want to. She didn't want to accept it. To watch her friend who'd she'd just got back die all over again. "Is she...?"
"Stop it, Lara." Alex said, but not aggressively. Protectively. Stopping the pain for as long as possible before the inevitable happened. There was always a catch. After something good, something always bad followed close behind. There was no escape.
"Why?" Lara asked, feeling tears brim at her eyes. "Why should I stop? She's going to die, Alex. She's going to die all over again and there's nothing we can do. Her heart is slowing down. She's becoming what nature said she should be - a corpse." Lara was fully crying now. Tears pouring from her eyes
and racing down her face. Alex stood up and took her into his arms.
"Life's not fair, Lara." Alex whispered. She sobbed into his shoulder. Life would never be fair. It never had been to begin with.
Drake scrambled to his feet. "He's moving!" He yelled, pointing at Archie's body. It was jerking around on the ground, as if he was having a fit. Half of his clothes were covered with his own blood. He had to be dead. But Lara watched as he continued to shake, as if an invisible man was trying to shake him back to life.
And then he stilled. For a moment there was silence. Everyone stared at the dead body. And then he sat up, and Lara jumped back into Alex's arms. Archie's eyes were open, but they were blank, unseeing. Archie's legs twisted around and he climbed to his feet without using his hands. His body flopped as he stood, as if he was being held by some sort of force. He turned to Lara, and his blank face was pulled into a twisted smile. But Archie wasn't doing it. Someone, something, else was.
"Well, I'm glad that one's dead, he was a pain. Thank you for that, Giver of Life." It wasn't Archie's voice that came out of his mouth. It was a woman's. Archie nodded at Drake and then looked back to Lara and Alex. "It is time, Water and Earth, for you to fulfil your purpose."
Lara stared at Archie's dead body.
Nothing was ever easy.

Part XXXII:
Alex was speechless. Archie's corpse stood up as if being pulled on strings. His head swerved to look at Alex and Lara, and then Cass and Liam.
"Are you ready?" The woman's voice persisted.
"This isn't real." Lara said.
"Can you not hear my voice? I am very much real, Water." Archie's body said.
"My names not Water." Lara snapped. Archie recoiled slightly.
"But it is, my dear. As he is Earth, and she is Fire and he is Wind. You are the elements, you must embrace that." Archie smiled, his pale face making him look terribly ill.
"I don't understand." Benedict piped up. "How is this possible?"
"Ah, the one who was brought back. The smart, power-hungry one. You were a good choice on my part. I was the one who saw greatness in you, who chose you to set into motion all of my peoples plans. You did well, I must say." She complimented. It was so weird to hear a completely alien voice come out of Archie's mouth, Alex almost laughed. "My species have no physical form. We simply exist. In order to communicate, we have to inhabit a humans body. Like I have just done with Archie."
There was a bodiless alien inside Archie's dead body. That wasn't something you could say every
day. Alex tried to work this out. A whole different species had been watching Earth, planning everything. They must have been clever to achieve all this from using just one event that could spark it off.
"So, who are you?" Cass asked.
"I am Rai. A leader amongst my kind." Rai responded.
"Well, Rai, no offence to you or your kind but I'm afraid we're going to have to refuse your offer." Lara said. Archie's head tilted.
"I don't think you realise, Water, you don't have a choice." Rai said coolly.
"Well what are you gonna do about it? Because I'm not doing anything. Do you not hear yourself? You talk like you expect all this to just happen. Well who the hell are you, Rai? This is our planet, not yours." Lara hissed, stepping away from Alex and closer to Archie.
"Nice." Alex muttered. He saw that Drake was staring at Lara, lust clear in his gaze. Alex felt jealousy burst inside of him, but also guilt.
He'd done the exact same to Charlotte. And now she was unconscious, most likely dying all over again because no one was meant to live twice. Nature had made it that way for a reason.
Rai's bitter laugh cut off Alex's thoughts. "Alright, Water. There are other ways of making you reach your potential." The light-hearted tone was gone,
replaced by a more bitter and frustrated one. Alex knew it well. She sounded just like Benedict Claspe had two years ago, when he'd tried to get rid of Lara, Alex and Charlotte.
He'd succeeded in one. And then she'd come back. And now she was slipping away again. Right through Alex's fingers. He wasn't even with her whilst her breaths became shallower behind him. He could hear them. How they were becoming slightly more strained. Why wasn't he with her? Comforting her in her last moments?
"Cut the crap." Drake boomed, his voice echoing in the empty space.
"I agree with the boy." Benedict said, as if any of them cared.
"Why Earth?" Liam asked. He didn't speak much. Not since Alex had met him anyway. He vaguely remembered seeing him in school sometimes, but he'd never actually met him. Then he'd been abducted by Claspe, and that was that.
"Earth is viable. Once shaped by you, it will be perfect for us to inhabit. To co-exist." Rai sounded calmer now, more like she was reciting something.
"Co-exist?" Cass questioned. The secret girlfriend. It was lucky she'd joined Alex in his fight against Drake Viper, who was standing just next to him. Suddenly he wasn't an enemy, just a lovesick boy who was lead astray.
"Co-exist indeed, Fire. My kind wish to live on this planet with humans. We just need you to help us
prepare it for us. That is why we have given you these gifts. They're blessings." Alex realised Rai was pleading.
"What do we need to actually change about the planet?" I asked. Rai smiled on Archie's face.
"Make it cleaner. Reduce pollution, create new fuels that don't harm the environment. Grow more trees, produce cleaner air. Make it better." Rai lifted Archie's hand and bunched it into a tight fist.
"Hold on, rewind." Lara interrupted. "Co-exist. Tell me about that."
Rai didn't speak for a moment. She cleared her throat. "My kind have no bodies. We exist. We just are. So, when I say co-exist, I mean that my kind will live through you."
"Wait, what?" Drake asked.
"One of my species will be inside of you. You shall share a body. Co-existing, of course." Rai said, brushing it off as if it was nothing. As if being told that your body was going to get taken over by an alien was normal. Lara started to laugh humourlessly.
"You're serious? You want to take our planet, and then take over the human race? No. No, just go. This planet, it doesn't belong to you. No matter what bloody ideas you plant in people's head and no matter what new dates you create or what powers you give us, this isn't your planet, so leave, now." Lara barked, almost seething. Drake stepped
forward and placed a hand on her arm. Alex bit his tongue.
"I thought this would happen. You humans, so strong-headed. Never know when to just sit down and accept fate. Well here's fate, and you can't just ignore it. And if you try to, well, fate always finds a way." Rai winked through Archie's discoloured eye. "Fate had a back-up plan." And then Archie's arms were in the air, and he opened his mouth.
And a screeching sound came out so high pitched Alex thought his eardrums might burst.

Part XXXIII:
Drake had his hands over his ears before he could even think about it. He squeezed his eyes closed, waiting for the banshee-like shrieking to subside before his ears bled.
As if Rai read his mind, she stopped screaming, returning the room to a silence that was almost heavenly. Drake peeled his hands from over his ears and checked to make sure Lara was OK. Apart from looking confused and pissed, she seemed fine. They all did.
Drake heard something hit the ground and turned on his heel to see Benedict Claspe lying there, his skin old and pale, ill-looking.
So not everyone was fine then.
"Life cannot be granted a second time for long, young ones. Remember that." Rai said, coughing slightly.
"Life is only meant to be lived once." Alex said, looking surprised at his own words. Drake looked down at the small form of Charlotte-Jane. She was breathing still, but barely. His gift wasn't as miraculous as everyone thought. They all still died again. In a way that would be much more painful, to see a loved one die in front of your eyes again. It just refreshes the pain.
"Believe whatever you want, Earth. It won't matter in a moment."
"What does that mean?" Lara reprimanded. She was quick. Her voice was powerful, and she held herself well. She'd always been like that. Even in their old village, all those years ago when Lara was only a 15 year-old and Drake was only 16. They'd been in love, in a village that didn't believe in electricity and instead tried to mimic a town in England's history. Lara wasn't even allowed to love Drake. Their families both worked together, and there was an unspoken feud between them that forbid their love. It reminded Drake of a play he'd read about from many years ago. Romeo and Juliet, it was called. Except Drake was foolish enough to believe that he'd get a happy ending.
And then the fire started. And the town made of wooden structures went ablaze, killing so many innocents, burning everything they'd built to the ground, erasing it from existence. That's what death did. To a human or animal or object. It erased it. Like it was never even there to begin with.
"It means you had your chance, Water. But you don't want to co-operate. Well, there are other ways." Rai responded, smiling.
And then there was a pounding on the door. The loud crashing made Cass jump. Not Lara. She was too strong to be fazed.
"What is that?" Liam asked, his tone shakier than he'd probably wanted to show. Drake said nothing, just stared at where a dent was being made by whatever was outside the door. He was certain he didn't want to know.
"That, Wind, would be my people. Come to take their prize." Rai paused to look at each of them through dead eyes. "You."
The door flew open. And in streamed little floating balls of green light. They flew around the warehouse, hitting the walls and ceilings, orientating themselves. One flew up close to Drake, and he saw it was like a ball made up of mixed gasses that glowed.
"These are the greater powers?" Alex asked, which made Lara scoff.
"Make fun, please. You won't have long. I'd say a minute, maybe two." Rai said, looking at Archie's wrist where a watch was.
"What?" Drake asked.
"You think I called them here for a party, Giver of Life? No, they're here for your bodies." Rai snapped her fingers and they buzzed forward, towards the group. Drake swatted one away, feeling how hot it was. Lara stepped back, bumping into Alex who shoved her behind him. Drake watched as one attached itself to Cass' mouth and then slipped down her throat. Her eyes glowed green before returning to normal. She smiled at Archie.
"Master Rai, it is I, Chark." Chark introduced with a deep, manly voice. They didn't seem to care what body they got, as long as they got one.
Drake's mind was racing. The floating balls tried to get at him, but he waved his hands around, keeping
them away. Liam had backed up against the wall, staring at the girl that had one minute ago been his girlfriend but was now a completely different person. Cass was gone, and replaced with Chark. He looked to Lara, to see she'd adopted the same strategy to swat them away. Drake saw one fly straight for Alex's mouth.
"Alex!" Drake yelled, causing Alex to snap his head towards the alien. It was too close to swat away, and he was too slow. The green light popped itself in his mouth and crawled down his throat. Like Cass, his eyes lit up before dimming as the new person took over. Lara watched in horror, her hands dropping to her sides, as Alex went to join Chark and Rai.
Alex was gone. And Drake saw how much Lara was hurting.
And then Liam screamed.
One of the aliens was trying to get down his gullet, but he was choking it back up.
"Liam, spit it out!" Lara bellowed, dashing towards her brother to help him. But she was too late. Down the alien went, and there it took control. Lara fell to her knees in front of Liam, grabbing his shin. "Please..."
"Don't be afraid, child. I am Gord, and I will take care of this body." Gord reassured, making Lara cry. Drake ran over to her as Gord joined his kind. There were still some of the green lights encircling them, trying to get to them. Drake was doing his
best to protect Lara. He knew he couldn't protect her.
"Lara..." He whispered, his voice cracking, betraying him. She looked at him with glassy eyes, and for the first time Drake saw a trace of the innocent 15 year-old he'd fallen for. Who he was still falling for, even now. All of her barriers had broken, leaving her bare. Drake cupped her cheek, wiped a tear from under her eye, and leaned forward. "It'll be OK." He lied. And she knew he was lying, but it didn't matter. The web they'd been caught in, that she'd been caught in, was inescapable. It was only a matter of time before the spider finally ate the flies.
Now was that time.
Drake closed the gap between them and sealed his lips onto hers. Even after all these years, he still recognised the taste of her lips. The way they fit with his as if they were made for him and only him. He savoured every moment of it.
He knew it would be his last.

Part XXXIV:
Lara was too caught up in everything to comprehend Drake's kiss. Once upon a time, his kiss would set off fireworks in her stomach.
She felt nothing.
Drake broke away, stroked her cheek softly, and murmured something Lara didn't hear. She didn't care either. Her heart was throbbing. She looked at Alex and Liam, at how they still looked like the boys she knew. But they weren't. They were just costumes being controlled by someone else. Something else.
Lara had just got Liam back. And now she'd lost him again. And Alex. And even Cass, who she didn't know that well but would have liked to have been given the chance to get to know.
The small green lights swirled around Drake and Lara, some darting forward and then retreating. They needed a host. A body to use to communicate properly. To control.
Lara rose to her feet, swatting away the creatures, and bounded over to Liam. He was hers. Her brother; her twin brother. No matter what, he could never forget her.
Could he?
"Liam." Lara whispered, standing face to face with him. He locked eyes with her, and for a moment, Lara thought she saw recognition shimmer within
them. But his emerald green eyes narrowed as he scanned her face.
"I am not Liam. Liam is inside, he is safe." Answered the voice. Not Liam's voice. Lara hadn't been listening when the thing said its name. She didn't give a damn what its name was. She wanted it gone. She wanted Liam back.
"Get off!" Drake roared. Lara turned on her heel to see that three green lights had surrounded him. He opened his mouth to protest again, when one slipped through his lips and rolled down his throat in one swift motion. Drake's eyes glowed, and then it was done. Drake was gone. Just like the rest of them. Locked away in their own bodies. Lara turned to Archie, teary-eyed.
"Why?" Was all she could manage.
"I had no choice. This was always going to happen, it was only a matter of when. You do not die, you simple share your existence with another. My people are currently scrounging your planet, looking for someone who they can inhabit to survive. It will all be OK. The world will be better...because of us." By the way Rai spoke, it would almost make someone forget that she was being arrogant.
"No, Rai. This isn't OK. Look at them. My own brother doesn't recognise me, and you think that's OK? You have no right to take away our lives. You have no right to make us feel like strangers in our own bodies!" Lara exclaimed, trying to push sense into Rai's - or Archie's - head.
"This was always going to happen." Rai repeated.
Lara backed up and sunk to the ground, using a wall as a guidance. She buried her head in her hands, blocking off the green lights from her mouth. But why bother? There was no escape. They'd take control of her - they'd take control of everyone - and then everyone who'd ever existed would just be gone.
And no one would remember them.
During those dark days, those days where she'd fantasise about all the horrible things that could happen, she would've never conjured up a situation like this. Not even something like December 32nd came into her mind. But, December 32nd was never the real problem. It wasn't a date, or Benedict Claspe, or The Vipers. It was them. The greater ones. They were the root of it all. Lara bit down hard on her tongue, tasting coppery blood.
It was their fault Lara's village had caught fire, burning to the ground and killing Lara and Liam's parents. It was their fault that a few months after arriving in Testrotone that Liam was kidnapped. It was their fault that he'd become a mindless Hunter. It was their fault Lara was a murderer.
All the bad that had happened in Lara's life, all those painful days of wondering where her brother was and if he was even alive, was all because of them. Their little act to shadow their real intentions.
The pain in Lara's heart would never go away. She could resist. She could do what she'd trained herself to do for years now - rebel. Fight back. Resist.
"Not this time." She whispered. What was the point? There was nothing left now. She had nothing and no one. This was exactly how it felt three years ago, when Liam was gone. When Lara had no friends, and no family. She knew the pain of losing people you loved.
And she couldn't take anymore.
Lara climbed to her feet, leaned against the wall for support, and locked eyes with Rai.
"We all fall." Rai said, tilting her head as she looked Lara over. Lara forced a grin onto her face. She nodded once.
"We all fall."
And with that, Lara opened her mouth wide, and saw the green ball of light and gas fly towards her newly open hatch. She winked at Rai.
The thing was hot. It burnt her mouth, and then started to singe her throat as it choked its way down. It was so quick. The light travelled into her body, and she felt herself being pulled away. Being detached. A moment ago, she saw everything.
Now she saw nothing.
Now she was nothing.
And just like that, Lara Tristle ceased to exist.


Author's Note:
December 32nd originally started off as a submission for a competition a couple of years ago. I was so excited when I was writing it. 
And then I read the rules, and saw that the stories couldn't be more than 800 words. December 32nd was 11,000. Damn. 
But I didn't want to waste the story. I liked it, and with a bit of a brush up, it wouldn't be a bad read (I hoped!). So, I decided to post it on this site called Wattpad. Naturally, I fell in love with Wattpad and the idea of it as soon as I started using it. It was perfect for me, for what I wanted to do. 
After getting a decent amount of reads and a positive response all-in-all, I decided to give the story a sequel. 
And now that sequel is finished. This is where it all ends. It may not have been what you were expecting - which is how I like it - but I hope that you enjoyed it nonetheless. I know I did.
It just goes to show that what starts off as something small can turn into this whole big thing. Without December 32nd, I never would've discovered Wattpad. So I owe this small little saga a lot. 
And to everyone who read it, whether you enjoyed it or not, thank you for taking the time to do so. 

Also Available By Adam Scopp:

The Tempus Series:
The Freeze 
The Heat
The Surf (Coming April 2015)

The Reeper Trilogy:
The Welcoming
The Unknown
The Hunting

The December 32nd Series:
December 32nd (It's FREE!)






