
Waiting For A Fall
By
Sarah Tork

Copyright @ 2015 Sarah Tork
Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to it and purchase your own copy.

Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to any person, living or dead, any place, events or occurrences, is purely coincidental. The characters and story lines are created from the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.
Images From: http://www.dreamstime.com/

CONTENTS

Title page
Copyright page
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
About the Author

CHAPTER 1


Wednesday August 1st 2012

“Don’t forget to eat the snacks I packed. We have to follow the plan, just like the nutritionist said, or else we’re not going to get those amazing results!” My mom yelled as I shut the front door. 
Halfway across the lawn, I could still hear her go on about the benefits of ‘dieting’, but behind the wooden gate that led to our backyard, relaxation reigned supreme. My getaway was definite in the form of a sparkling green bike.
Hallelujah! My mind sang as I hopped on and peddled away from ridiculousness. 
Cooling soft wind, palm trees in the hundreds, sunshine on my back, bicycling to work was the definition of peaceful. 
“Yo, Anna!” 
I pushed my brake levers down, stopping the bike. At the bottom of the hill I was about to soar down on, my best friend of a million years was waving her arm next to the bike docks. We both worked at Royal Heights Country Club. My shift was outside in blazing heat, manning the ‘organic’ lemonade stand next to the golf course, while Jenna’s was in air-conditioned bliss doing administration work at the reception desk. 
Besides living in Orlando, Florida our entire lives, we were both seventeen, 5’7, had brown eyes and long brunette hair. The similarities stopped there. She was pretty and had a toned body from swimming competitively all her life. My body was okay… and I was decent looking, but according to Jenna, I was totally cute. 
Our friendship was hardcore by the way.
Best friends for life. 
A black SUV rolled beside me and I stalled for a few seconds to let it go down first. After it was gone, I pedaled forward and my stomach did summersaults on the way down. I rocketed into the curve and Jenna dived out of the way, screaming. My blood rushed wildly, high on excitement. I stopped the bike in front of an empty dock. 
“You almost killed me!” Jenna bellowed as I bent down to lock up my bike. 
“Almost,” I grinned, fastening twisted metal together and shoving the key back into my purple backpack. “But you’re still alive.” 
“Bi-otch.” She grinned, linking her arm through mine, pulling me to the club’s employee entrance. Her shoulder bumped against mine, making me stumble. 
“Hey!” I laughed as she continued to drag me. “Girl, you know I can whoop you.” 
“Sure you could.” she snorted, pushing her hip into mine. “We both know who the bad ass in this relationship is. Me, the champion swimmer, that’s who!”

*~*~*

Let the food games begin…
The R.H.C.C employee change room was a depressing room in the back of the building. Sitting on the only bench, surrounded by rusted olive green lockers that outlined the walls, I unzipped my backpack and cried like a teen girl gone mad. I should have kept a closer eye on my backpack before leaving earlier.
My mom needed an intervention. 
Frustration reigned supreme in the form of a very purple, very plastic, very old lunch box. I unsnapped the ancient contraption (approx. ten years old) and pulled out a strawberry yogurt, noticing in the nutrition information section there was a red circle around total calories.
Eighty calories.
What the hell did she want me to do, call the press and take out a front-page ad? 
Yell out hurrah… hurrah?
Find the closest window, open it and yell out. “Hope is alive in the form of a nonfat dairy product! The yogurt my mom gave me for lunch today is only eighty calories!” 
I shoved my stuff into a locker, and on my way out of the change room the tainted yogurt went into the trash. 
I burst through double doors. The golf course was nestled behind the building with a stretch of pavement separating the entrance to acres of green. 
“You’re late, Annabelle Simms.” Shelby, my supervisor accused in front of the lemonade stand. There was no one outside except for the two of us and I was probably only thirty seconds late. 
My eyes circled back, catching the burn of Shelby’s impatient glare. I was sick of people giving me glares. What the hell did she want? Maybe I had bad cramps? 
 “Got a newbie today. Young like you. Great, huh?” She tilted her head to the side, eyeing a guy lifting up a crate of lemons. 
How did I not notice him?
“Great.” I replied, watching the new boy carry the crate into the stand and set it on the table. Shelby took that as an okay and left to bother another employee.
His dark brown hair was messy, stopping above his ears. He was tall at 6’1… 6’2… and he was kind of lean, kind of muscly, and kind of… really nice to look at in a strictly platonic, no fantasies about him later kind of way. But besides all that, the club’s black and green polo fit him perfectly. 
“Hey.” he called out, jolting me out of my daze.
“Hey!” I shouted back and his green eyes widened, seeming startled.
Wonderful, he was freaked out by me already. 
I entered the stand, the crate of fresh lemons in between us and dunked my hands into the mass of lemons. “Sorry, I’m just shocked they hired someone so quickly.”
He leaned forward, grabbing a lemon from the crate, tossing it in the air with a quick flick of the wrist and catching it again with ease. “What happened to the other girl?” 
I jerked my head back, glaring at him. “How’d you know it was a girl?”
He shrugged with a cocky smile. “I’ve never seen a guy work in a place like….‘this’.” 
“What is a place like….‘this’?” I scowled at him, crossing my arms over my chest.  
“A place a man shouldn’t work in.” he scoffed. 
I cringed and shook my head at him. “That’s a stupid thing to say.” 
“So are you gonna ride my ass every time I say something stupid,” he sneered, and then grabbed a lemon from the crate and held it out in the space between us. “Or are you gonna teach me this shit?” 
What a douchebag!
He was lucky the bicycle ride over had calmed me down. If he’d caught me right after I’d left my house, he would have gotten an earful. 
“Whatever.” I grunted. Rolling my eyes and ignoring his extended arm, I grabbed a lemon and turned toward the juicer on the table. “Come here and bring a lemon.” 
He dropped his lemon, selected another one and stood close enough that his shoulder lightly grazed mine. Normally it wouldn’t have bothered me if a hot guy stood beside me, I’d be all ‘yay me’, but the asshole persona was a major turn off. 
Honestly.
My head dipped slightly and, for a brief second, I caught a whiff of his scent: a mixture of shampoo and cologne. 
It was nice. 
“You like how I smell, huh?”
My ponytail flew through the air as I faced him in the middle of smirking. “I didn’t smell you!”
“Did so, Fireball.” His green eyes were electric. “You got all quiet and the only thing I heard was the sound of your nostrils sniffing my sweet scent!”
Fireball? 
He was lucky my eyes didn’t shoot out fireballs, he would have been toast by now. “I was not!”
“Yes you were. I don’t blame you, if I wasn't me, I’d smell me, too.” He grinned, turning his collar upright.
I scowled. “Oh my God, get over yourself!”
I grabbed my lemon and shook it in front of him to get his attention.
“Watch how I do this.” I ordered. 
He saluted. “Got it, boss.” 
Rolling my eyes again, I demonstrated how to use the juicer with half a lemon. Then I mixed the club’s signature syrup in with the fresh lemon juice. He watched closely and didn’t make any smart-ass comments. 
Surprisingly.
“We cut the other half into five wedges and place them in the drink along with a scoop of ice.” I scooped ice out of the freezer from underneath the table and dumped it into the lemonade, and then added frozen pieces of mint. “We add frozen mint on top, as a garnish and for taste. That’s it.”
He glared at the drink like a man possessed. “Can I drink it now?” Before I could say ‘no’, the drink was tilted and nearly finished.
I couldn’t take my eyes off of him. 
His level of thirst fascinated me. 
It shouldn’t have.
I mean, who cared if his lemonade drinking skills were record speed worthy? 
Not me. 
“Easy there, Tiger.” I murmured, unconsciously.
The cup dropped from his mouth. “I’m ‘Tiger’ now?” 
Giving him a sweet nickname was a brain fart.  
“I didn’t mean it. Forget I said anything.” Humiliated, I snatched the cup and walked away to the garbage on the other side of the stand. He followed right behind me. 
“I’m not forgetting anything.” he declared, giving me a side smile as I threw the cup into the trash. “It’s okay, Fireball. If it makes you feel any better, I’m okay with ‘Tiger’. You can call me that anytime you want.” 
I shook my head. “I’m not going to call you ‘Tiger’.” 
“Well if you aren’t going to call me ‘Tiger’, what are you gonna call me?” he scoffed. “You don’t even know my name.”
He was right, but he didn’t know mine either, so he was just as guilty as I was. I jerked my chin up at him. “Well, you don’t know my name either. Hypocrite much?” 
He took a step back and looked at me with narrowed eyes, like he couldn’t figure me out. I didn’t have time for his ego wound. Fighting with him was a waste of energy.  I exhaled, feeling exhausted. “Well, what’s your name?” 
 His brooding face cracked with a full on grin. “It’s Tiger!” 
I shoved his left shoulder. “You’re an asshole!”
“Hey, that’s abuse!” he yelped, laughing. I lowered my hand and stretched aching fingers out. What was his shoulder made out of, steel?  
“What…. Is…. Your… Name?” I slowly enunciated each word, hoping to make him feel stupid. He gazed at me with an amused expression, as if I were the stupid one who dared to even play that game with someone of his level of intelligence. 
He sighed loudly and looked away. “Oh Fireball, what am I going to do with you?”
When he finally turned his eyes back to me, his expression was different, weirder. It made me feel funny. Nevertheless, I was not someone who was going to bow down to his obvious cuteness.
 “For the last time, what is your name?” I asked, lifelessly, knowing he wasn’t going to spill anytime soon. He was having too much fun playing with me. 
His lip twitched. “I told you, it’s Ti_”
“You two!” Someone interrupted loudly. 
We turned around, finding Shelby with her hands on the counter, giving us glares of destruction.
“Annabelle, you’re supposed to be training James. I don’t see any training going on. You’re wasting time!” she shrieked.
Bi-otch.  
“I already showed him how make the lemonade.” I stated, feeling James move close by me.
“Oh, so he knows how to make them precisely and efficiently?” Shelby asked with slight hesitation, a strange look in her eyes. She didn’t believe me that much was obvious.  
I glanced up at James, who was staring at Shelby. I made a silent prayer and looked back at her. “Yes.”
“Wonderful. Show me.” she ordered, indicating the juicer with her pointy chin.
Behind me, the roar of the juicer quickly took over. My eyes were still on Shelby, who now reminded me of a tall, skinny, blonde troll. A few seconds later, a perfectly made cup of lemonade, complete with mint garnish was placed in front of her. 
“All finished.” James announced, stepping away from the counter.
Shelby grunted back a laugh. “I’ll be the one to affirm that.” 
She picked up the drink and inspected it from every angle imaginable. Then she took a sip and, instead of swallowing she swished the liquid around her mouth as if she were at a wine tasting. 
“Not bad. Keep it up, Sport. You’ll have it in no time.” After swallowing she said and then left us to ruin somebody else’s day.
“Sport?” James repeated, after Shelby was out of earshot. 
“Yeah, that’s Shelby. She’s a supervisor.” I said slowly, as if it didn’t make sense to me either. “And no… I don’t know how she got the job in the first place, but management must have been pretty desperate at the time. The good thing though is, she won’t be back ’til lunch.” 
“Thank God.” he stated dramatically, sounding beyond relieved.
I laughed at his delivery and glanced up at him. 
I stopped laughing.
Our eyes met and he smiled sweetly for the first time. My heart was on fire and without realizing it, his mouth was all I could see. He leaned in and I had to decide in a nanosecond whether or not this was something I wanted.
No?
I jerked away before he could lean in any further. Two seconds later when the realization about what might have happened hit the both of us, awkward was the word of the moment as we stood in silence, staring at one another with stunned expressions. 
Giving me a weird vibe, he narrowed his eyes. “Fireball, you shouldn’t have moved. Could have made this work thing more… fun.”
 “Let’s just work, okay?” I whispered, bewildered but was doing my best to not show it. I turned away and immediately my palms were sweaty, and my knees were jelly. With heavy breaths and foggy vision, I was experiencing the whole shebang, and the man hadn’t even gotten his lips on me.
Calm down! 
For the next hour, we made lemonade and handled the register, barely speaking. When Shelby came by and told me I was first on lunch, I rushed away without saying a word.
Back in the change room and sitting on the bench with the purple lunchbox, I pulled out a small plastic bag full of carrots and celery, another small plastic bag with four slices of turkey deli meat tucked in-between a piece of whole wheat toast, and a 250ml bottle of water. 
Yay?
If Mom wanted to give me a sandwich she should have at least given me two pieces of bread. Wasn’t it a sandwich rule to always have two slices of bread? 
I glanced at the door before diving into my ‘meal’, hoping Jenna would walk through. Five minutes passed and there was no sign of her. 
Enjoying the sweet taste of carrot, I thought about an hour ago when a kiss almost happened, and me doing the smart thing by pulling away.
How could I kiss a guy I didn’t know? 
I wasn’t like that…. I mean it’s not like I wanted…. beautiful green eyes looking at me seductively… pretty lips kissing my lips… strong arms hugging me… feeling warm and wonderful everywhere… and STOP thinking about him! 
The last thing I wanted was to head back out with a clearly affected, reddened face… and a breathing problem. I had visions of me heading back outside after lunch, collapsing slowly on burning hot pavement, reaching up for help and gasping for air whilst shouting… “Help me… I’ve become compromised! I’m boy crazy and it’s making me stupider by the second!”
I couldn’t let that happen…. it was very possible. I had to flag James from my brain and there was only one way I knew how.
Shelby. Thinking of her face, hearing her voice in my head, it was like a cold bucket of water to my system. 
Starting to feel chill again, I began eating my sandwich only to choke mid-bite when a new thought hit me like lightening. 
I. 
Rejected. 
Him.
My palm with my half sandwich met my forehead, lettuce and turkey pieces flying out, soggy bread squished onto my skin. I got up from the bench, sweating bullets. I knew this much, guys did not handle rejection well. And I wasn’t one of those ‘hot’ girls. What if he wasn’t going to be nice about the whole thing? 
What if he decides to make me feel like a loser for turning him down? 
Like how dare I? 
I should be so lucky…
What’s left of my sandwich is thrown into the trash. I drank my water bottle in one shot and threw it across the room into the blue recycle bin. 
Lucky shot. I thought on my way out of the change room. Bursting through double doors, hot summer sun consumed me as nervous butterflies roused my stomach, making me nauseous. I’d deal with James, and then I’d find a place to throw up at. 
Sounded like a plan to me. 

CHAPTER 2




“Where’s James?” 
Shelby was alone inside the lemonade stand, counting change from the till.  “He’s been assigned to a different sector of the club. Are you going to be okay working alone?” 
I nodded. 
Shelby narrowed her eyes. “I hope you’re not sick?” 
I shook my head slowly. “I’m not sick.” 
Or was I? 
Shelby rolled her eyes. “Yeah, then why do you look like you’re about to throw up?” 
I looked away and cleared my throat. “My lunch’s making me feel a little funny, but I’ll be okay, it’s going away.”  
She sighed in relief. “Good. I don’t want to have to work your shift just because you’re sick all of a sudden.” 
After Shelby galloped away, I sat on the counter in front of the register. Fifteen minutes ticked by, nobody came. My shift was getting boring, despite the brief excitement I’d experienced earlier. I closed my eyes and dropped my head into my hands, resting my elbows on my thighs. 
Why did I always ruin everything? 
Couldn’t I, for once, let things happen? It could have been the best damn thing that ever happened to me. Or not. I guess I’d never know now.  
I needed to move past this. 
I needed a pick-me-up. 
I needed a candy bar. 
‘How many calories did you burn today, Annabelle?’
I did not need a candy bar. Mom would find out somehow. 
I moped for a while longer until I finally got my first customer. I pasted on a smile and made two cups of lemonade for an elderly couple about to play golf. I heard the clink of coins hitting the side of the tip jar. After they paid and left, I counted the tips I wouldn’t have to share with anyone. 

*~*~*

An hour later, I closed up shop. 
Now what am I going to do? I thought as I grabbed my things and shut my locker. 
I was two hours early and that was two hours I did not plan on spending under the careful eye of Mom. Her and Dad’s office took up the entire basement, so it was rare to get the house to myself these days. If I went home, I’d get the third degree before the front door even closed. 
“Show me your calorie watch. Doesn’t it feel great knowing you’ve only had about six hundred calories until now, including breakfast? How come you aren’t sweating, didn’t you ride your bike home? Show me your food diary again!” 
“You know, Anna Banana, boys can be cruel. I hope you realize school will be starting in a few weeks… I only want you to be healthy. Don’t you want to be healthy? By the way, would you like a salad with the dressing on the side for dinner tonight?” 
Was it ever going to get better? 
I let out a deep sigh while staring at my reflection in the change room mirror. The sinking feeling deep in my stomach told me… no. 
“Whatever!” I moaned on my way out of the change room, pulling my phone out to text Jenna. After sending a text about my early departure, I headed toward the bike docks. I run through things I could do instead of going home. I could catch a movie or eat a burger, or just go to the park and listen to my iPod for a few hours.  
A long shadow stretched over me as I knelt to unlock my bike. 
“Hey.” A familiar voice called from behind me. 
I craned my neck to see who it was and blinked at the owner of the shadow. One shouldering his dark blue backpack, James stood over me, grinning. Somehow I managed to unlock my bike.
“Hey, what are you doing here?” I asked, struggling to place the lock back in its holder. It wouldn’t snap in. Frustration overload. Could this situation get any worse?
Flustered, party of one.
“Let me.” James crouched down and easily snapped the lock in place. He smiled, straightening his posture. “There you go.” 
He was making me feel things in a pulse quickening, unhealthy heart rate kind of way. I cleared my throat. “Thanks.” 
“Are you going home?” James asked. 
I nodded and his eyes narrowed.
“Is something wrong?” I asked. 
“No…. well, yeah, there’s something wrong.” He folded his arms over his chest and didn’t continue. 
A few seconds later, after a brief staring match, I broke first. “And that is…” 
He smirked. “Well, Fireball, you didn’t tell me you missed me.” 
I rolled my eyes and turned my bike towards the hill. “Forgive me, I missed you so much.” 
“Finally, the truth comes out.” James grinned, matching my stride up the hill.
I snorted. “That’s right, Tiger, I missed you like crazy.” 
“I like how that sounds.” he stated. 
“What sounds?” I asked. 
He suppressed his grin. “The nickname you gave, it sounds nice…. coming out of your mouth.”
I thought about it for a second before answering. “Well, you gave me a nickname.” 
“That I did.” He smirked.
“Are you going home now?” I asked. 
He shook his head. “Nah, my car’s in the shop, so my dad’s going to pick me up in an hour.”
“Oh, that’s cool.” I said. 
“You ride your bike to work, don’t your parents give you a ride?” he asked, staring up the hill. “These hills are kind of steep.”
“My parents don’t believe in driving me places I can ride my bike to.” I explained.
“Oh, they’re one of those Green Peace types?” he assessed. 
“No.” I replied. “They want me to lose weight.” 
Why did I just tell you that?
“That’s stupid.” James replied. “You look fine to me.” 
Happiness overload, someone other than Jenna thought I looked fine. If I did a little dance, would he think me weird? 
“You’re just being nice,” I scoffed. 
“No, I’m not. It’s the truth. You look good to me.” he declared, sounded completely sincere. 
“Thanks.” I mumbled, feeling my cheeks heating up. 
Oh yeah, happiness overload, totally dancing in my room later. 
“Nothing to thank me for, it’s just the truth after all,” he told me. “Besides, it’s your parents that are making you feel like this. I sort of know what that’s like… my dad’s a dick.” 
“Yeah, my parents are always ruining my mood for no reason.” I shared with him, since he’d opened up a bit too. 
“I bet your parents have nothing on my dad. When I say he’s a dick, he’s really a dick.” James exclaimed. 
I didn’t fight him on it, not because I couldn’t go toe-to-toe with whose parents were the bigger assholes, but because I was hurting – this hill was killing me!
“I’m sorry.” I replied, struggling to breathe.
“Here, let me.” he offered, taking the handlebars from me. 
“Thanks.” Without the weight of the bike, the hill instantly became easier to climb. But that didn’t stop my thighs and calves from screaming when we reached the top. 
I glanced over to James and he was breathing normally, unlike me who was a panting mess. I took my bike from him, thanking him again. I climbed on and looked at him for a moment. Despite our fight earlier, he was actually a nice guy who’d just had a bonehead moment. 
“I saw you earlier,” he confessed all of a sudden.
My eyebrows scrunched. “Where?”
He pointed where we were. “Here, this morning. I guess before your shift started.” 
“Oh.” I murmured, remembering. “The black SUV was you?
He nodded and met my eyes with a sweet smile. “I saw you fly.”
“You saw me fly….” I smiled, feeling a touch shy that he noticed such an intimate moment. “I like letting go when I’m soaring down the hill on my bike. It feels amazing.” 
“You looked so free. It was nice, and a distraction. My dad was….” he exhaled, crossing his arms behind his head, looking lost in sunlight. 
“What?” I asked and he jerked out of his daze. 
“What?” he asked me back, dropping his arms.
“Because your dad was what?” I asked.
Seeming apprehensive about sharing anymore, James looked away for a few seconds, took a deep breath and met my eyes again. “He was…. yelling at me for making him late this morning. He had a golf match.” 
“That’s a stupid reason to get yelled at for.” I stated, feeling a small hatred for James’ dad already.
“Whatever,” he breathed, sounding exhausted. “I’m used to it, of him acting like a dick when shit doesn’t go his way. It’s the story of my life.”
I cleared my throat, deciding to share as well. “My mom packed me diet food in a purple lunch box I last used when I was eleven. When I get home, she’s going to interrogate me about what time I ate, and how many calories I burned. I have to meet a quota everyday or else she gets mad.” 
“Does she yell at you even if you’re only a little off?” he asked slowly, carefully. 
I snorted. “Not hitting my target, whether it’s missing ten calories or a hundred, it’s all the same to her.”
“That’s brutal,” he murmured roughly, shaking his head like he thought it was ridiculous too. His reaction filled me with warmth. I wasn’t the only one who thought her antics were crazy. 
I continued. “She’d say I wasn’t being ‘responsible’ or some shit like that, but I block her out most of the time.” 
Memories of Mom and her ‘weightloss, calorie count, diet crap’ extinguished the warmth I was feeling, replacing it with dread. Feeling dread made me nervous. Feeling nervous made me pissed. Feeling pissed off made me want to cry. Crying in public was like the worst thing I could ever do to myself. 
I needed to calm down before I completely lost it. Forcing a smile that felt more bitter than easy, I connected with emerald colored eyes still lost in the dark. 
“Yeah… that wouldn’t work for me. My dad’s screams are too loud for me to block out.” he exhaled, mood still down.
“It’s official, parents suck.” I said, trying to be funny so he’d laugh. 
It half worked. 
I got a half smile from him. 
“Yeah, they suck.” he said slowly, as if the words held more meaning. His half smile grew into a grin that had my heart jumping in a flash. “Your mom is crazy for making you do all that stuff. You look good just the way you are. I mean it.”
My grip over the handlebars tightened. “Thanks.” I choked out.
James took another step and gripped the middle of my handlebars. “You’re cute you know that.”
Oh.
My.
God!
“Can I have your cell number?” I heard him ask me, although the pounding of my heart made it difficult to hear. 
Was there a hospital close by, because this pulse quickening, unhealthy heart rate thing didn’t seem to be agreeing with me anymore. I needed a paper bag to hyperventilate in, and a place to throw up at. 
Breathe through your nose and answer, Annabelle!
“Okay.” I answered slowly. 
He pulled his cell from his back pocket and programmed my number into it. Fifteen minutes later, it wasn’t until the backyard gate had closed with my bike behind it that I realized I’d gone home hours earlier than I should have. 
My hand stalled on the doorknob to my house, I took a deep breath before turning it.
Here goes nothing.
“I’m home!” I yelled after opening the door and entering the air-conditioned interior, dropping my backpack on the floor. 
“You’re home?” Mom yelled back, sounding confused. Her excited footsteps trampled up the stairs and the basement door burst open. “Why are you home early?” 
“It was really quiet so Shelby cut my shift early.” I explained, taking my shoes off and making my way to the family room, expecting her to follow me. 
Comfortable with my back against a pillow on our cream colored couch, Mom came into the family room holding my lunch box, which she’d taken from my backpack without my consent. 
“You ate it all?” she asked, lifting the lid and examining it thoroughly, ensuring there was no food left.
“Yes.” I nodded slowly. 
“But you missed your break.” She narrowed her eyes at me. “If she cut your shift, when did you eat the yogurt?” 
Not home five minutes and she was already testing my patience. “I ate it in the change room before I came home.” 
I lied. 
I could see her take a moment to mentally envision my day in her head, coordinating everything, making sure what I was saying made sense. 
“Oh, okay,” she finally concluded, sitting down on the couch beside me. About to sigh in relief that I’d made it through her interrogation, her hand was on my wrist in a flash.
“Let me see your calorie burn.” she demanded.
“Oh my God!” I pulled my wrist away, but the damage was already done, she got a look at my calorie burn. 
“You only burned three hundred and fifty calories until now?” Mom asked, like she couldn’t believe it. “You should have burned at least four hundred calories by now.” 
“Don’t make this into a big deal right now. I just came home from work.” I scowled at her. “I said, I would burn three hundred calories before dinner every day. I did that. I’ve gone above and beyond.” 
“That was last month.” Mom shook her head at me, seeming disappointed. “This month it’s four hundred. Your goals change every month, didn’t you listen to the nutritionist? As you begin to lose weight, the lighter you become the more calories you have to burn to keep losing the weight.” 
What the hell? 
I did what I said I would do. 
She rose from the couch and stood in front of me. “And you’ve already lost five pounds, do you think the next five are going to be as easy?” 
“It’ll come off.” I shrugged. 
“Oh really? Well I do hope so, Annabelle. School is starting again in a few weeks. It’s your senior year, for heaven’s sake!” Mom shouted. 
I spent plenty of time thinking about gracing Royal Heights High as a size ten again. It didn’t make sense why she cared so much. I was the one who had to wander the halls being me and accepting it. I was a wallflower and that wasn’t going to be changing anytime soon.
“Maybe you should run up and down the stairs ’til you get that fifty.” Mom suggested. “I want those fifty calories burned before dinner.”
And on that note, I’d had enough of my mom for one afternoon. I headed out of the family room. “I’m tired. I’m going to my room to rest.” 
In the safety of my room with the door shut, I changed into blue shorts and a red shirt. I stared at my reflection in the mirror. The shirt was semi tight and the length made me look smaller. The shorts made my legs look longer and less chunky. 
Maybe I was imagining it all. 
Was I still chunky anyway, or was I not chunky to begin with and it was just the people in the basement making me feel like I wasn’t good enough as is?
Who knew…. 
For the next hour, I listened to my iPod shout songs about escaping, life beginning, and love happening. I stared at my blank ceiling and imagined scenes play out as if it were my own personal movie theater.  
Today’s movie was a new one. 
On a balcony in a castle, a slimmer version of myself in a beautiful flowing dress, waited. All of a sudden, in a dapper tuxedo, James stood in front of me with his hand out. Our fingers intertwined and he pulled me into his side. With a stretch of cement keeping us safe, he faced me with the sun setting in front of us. “It’s just you and me, Fireball. Against the world.”
The next part had me giggling like an idiot. 
Yeah…. that’s a nice one. 

CHAPTER 3




Unknown: Fireball, is it you?

Annabelle: Tiger?

Unknown: Yeah, it’s me.

Annabelle: Do you have me as Fireball in your contacts?

Tiger: You’re cute you know that. Yes. You happy with that?

Annabelle: It kinda grew on me.

Tiger: So what are you doing now?

Annabelle: Nothing, relaxing. Yourself?

Tiger: Me, I’m thinking about somebody I met today.

Annabelle: Oh yeah?

Tiger: Yeah.

Annabelle: So…. I was thinking about somebody I met today too.

Tiger: It better have been me. Baby, I know it was me.

Annabelle: I’m not telling.

Tiger: Well I was thinking about you.

Annabelle: I was thinking about you too.

Tiger: how old are you?

Annabelle: Seventeen, turning eighteen in April. Yourself?

Tiger: I’m seventeen too. I turn eighteen in February.

Annabelle: Are you going to Royal Heights High?

Tiger: Why?

Annabelle: Why?

Tiger: Would you miss me if I went somewhere else?

Annabelle: I barely know you…. but maybe a little bit.

Tiger:  Just a little bit? I’m going to RHHS in September. Senior.

Annabelle: I’m going to be a senior too.

Tiger: When do u work next?

Annabelle: Tomorrow. Same time, same place.

Tiger: Cool. See u tomorrow.

Annabelle: Cool.



Later that evening, following the scent of tomato sauce and garlic bread, I entered the kitchen. Katherine my eleven-year-old sister and Charles my thirteen-year-old brother, plus Mom and Dad were sitting at the table with a plate of pasta and garlic bread in front of them.
Mine was the only plate with just salad on it. 
Gee, thanks Mom, I know I can always count on you. 
I quietly sat in my chair and stabbed a piece of lettuce with my fork. 
“Yum.” I muttered, tasting balsamic vinegar and olive oil. 
If I went to bed with a stomach full of salad, my parents would have been happy.  
But salad wasn’t enough. 
So it was the usual routine. Wait for everyone to go to sleep, then take out my secret stash of candy bars and chips from beneath my bed frame. It was an extra three hundred calories that my stomach needed to push away hunger pains until morning.
A few months ago at a 173lbs…. 
Mom guilt tripped me into doing the whole diet thing by saying I was setting a horrible example for Katherine. Katherine who was a petite ballet dancer now, but who knew what bad habits she might be learning from me. She could begin to gain weight in high school like I did, her dancing career ruined, and it would be my fault for waiting to lose the weight. So for my sister’s sake and for the sake of senior year, the pounds needed to be shredded. 
However, for my sake…. was yet to be determined.   

CHAPTER 4


Thursday August 2nd 2012

My eyes fluttered open with sprinkles of fairy dust blowing out. My entire room was filled with bright sunshine that smelled of butter. Baby pink, blue, and violet cupcake butterflies flew playfully in the sunshine. They giggled softly as they bumped into one another, their icing making polka dots on each other. I stared at them in glee as one by one, they flitted around me, outlining my body. Then, simultaneously, their joyous humming filled the room and 3-dimensional music notes bounced off everything. One hit my forehead and I laughed as I swept it away. 
 “Fireball?” 
With the sun framing his entire body, James smiled, offering his hand. I took it and he pulled me off my bed. 
 “What are you doing here, James?” I asked. 
He leaned in and rested his forehead against mine. His arm circled my waist and pulled me tight against his chest.  
 “I’ve wanted to do that for a while.” he whispered. 
I giggled quietly. “Awhile? We just met yesterday.” 
Emerald gemstones had nothing on his eyes. “I saw you ride your bike down that hill.” 
“The black SUV, that was you?” 
He nodded. “It was beautiful, your arms stretched out as if you were actually flying.” 
“It was beautiful?” I repeated, as he leaned in and pressed his soft lips… 
My eyelids opened.
On my bed, the memory of sparkles and maybe kisses still resonated on my face. The lasting impression left me in a slow daze like I was on a drug that had my entire body tingling. As the minutes passed, the real sun slowly peeked in on me, inch-by-inch, starting from my feet, covering me in its warmth. 
I felt light.
I was on a cloud baking under a ray of sunshine that was reserved for angels. It was almost 8am, in a perfect world, the radio would turn on playing a slow R&B jam and I’d cross my arms behind my head and drink in the moment, humming along to the slow, sensual beats of the song. 

*~*~*

What the hell am I eating? I cringed while chewing ‘food’ that resembled twigs. 
“Yummy, right?” Mom gestured her chin toward my bowl and did a weird thing with her eyes, widening them then squinting. Then she jerked her chin towards Katherine.
I gulped down the last of my soggy twigs cereal and glanced over at my sister, obliviously playing with her smartphone. 
“Delicious, right?” Mom urged in a tone I didn’t dare disagree with. 
I cleared my throat. “Uh, right, delicious.” 
“Katherine, darling,” Mom said sweetly. “See what Annabelle’s having for breakfast? It’s delicious and good for you.” 
Katherine looked up from her smartphone and smiled warmly. “Mommy, I want some of Annabelle’s cereal tomorrow.” 
Mom looked like she was about to explode with happiness. “Sweetheart, why didn’t you say anything earlier? I would have given you the healthy cereal today.” 
“I thought Annabelle was the only one who was supposed to have healthy cereal.” Katherine pouted. “I want to eat Annabelle’s cereal every day from now on.”
My little sister was a pro. Mom put down her coffee mug and gushed at her ‘little princess’ for making such a ‘wise decision’. 
What a fool.
“You make Mommy so proud,” She beamed at Katherine who nodded. 
“I’m off.” I announced, placing my empty bowl in the sink before rushing out the kitchen and into the foyer. 
“Annabelle, wait!” Mom shouted at my back. 
I could hear utensils banging together and her slippered feet rushing around frantically. What the hell was she doing in there? 
After sliding on my Chucks, it came to me. 
The purple lunch box! 
I scooped up my backpack, yelling “Bye!” and opened the front door. 
“Wait!” Mom yelled again. 
I paused in the doorway and reluctantly turned to face her, horrified of what was to come. Mom exited the kitchen with the beautiful purple lunch box swinging in her hand. 
Damn it.
After stuffing the lunch box into my backpack and closing the front door with Mom on the other side, I pulled my phone out of my bag and opened the conversation from last night. 
Reading his texts magically made the world okay again. Grinning like an idiot, I wheeled my bike out from behind the gate. 
Halfway to work, the wind picked up, pushing the bike and me. The sky was gray and cloudy. Thunder struck on my way down the hill, and by the time I made it inside the club through the employee entrance, my entire body was soaked. Puddles were forming beneath me as I wringed my arms out. 
“Annabelle Simms!” 
Shelby was at the end of the hall, pointing her finger at me, motioning me to come forward, and like a good little doggie, I obeyed. 
“You’re actually on time today, rain and all.” The troll that was Shelby actually counted the milliseconds when it came to being on time. 
“Am I working today?” I did my best to not look annoyed, but it was hard. 
“Yes, you are. Maintenance is cleaning up a huge water spill in the basement, so I’ve been instructed to gather any spare staff and get them to chip in with the cleaning.” With a satanic smile, she unlocked the supply closet. 
“Wait here.” she ordered, shutting the door in my face. 
With country music playing in the background, Shelby emerged holding a bucket full of cleaning supplies.  After she slithered away, I headed to the very loud lobby with the bucket of cleaning supplies.
It was still raining hard, so I was surprised to see the front of the club packed with people. I passed the reception desk, not bothering to see if Jenna was there since today was her day off. Donna Tallins would be working the desk today. About my height with long auburn hair that layered across her chest, and clear blue eyes against creamy white skin, Donna was a part of the ‘hot’ girl crew at Royal Heights High. In fact, she was their leader. 
She was blushing and nodding her bobble head as a tall guy, sporting a backwards black Miami Marlins baseball cap, in a blue shirt bent over the counter. Donna looked like she was having a hard time breathing the closer he got. 
Look at her, acting like an idiot, gushing over a guy just ’cause he’s cute. 
“Annabelle?” A familiar voice called. 
Looking over my shoulder, my heart started to beat like crazy. The guy in the blue shirt was James. 

*~*~*

So… I got into two fights today, one with my mom and the other with James. He wasn’t going to be working at R.H.C.C anymore.
“I’m a baseball player,” he exasperated, as if it explained everything. “I’m on the team now for Royal Heights High. They started practice a week ago. I’ve missed an entire week.” 
I made it seem like I didn’t care whether or not he worked at the club. He didn’t believe me, but to stick it to me anyways he left me standing in front of the guest change room with a bucket of cleaning supplies to go talk to Donna again.
That hurt. 
Later at home, Mom yelled at me for grabbing a strawberry yogurt from the fridge. My calorie count would have been ruined if I ate it, but I really didn’t care. 
I fled to my room and spent hours by-myself, thinking about the first fight. He was nothing like the guy I’d met yesterday. The guy from yesterday, despite the hiccup during training, was a nice, chill guy. I thought we’d connected, but judging by his arrogant asshole-like attitude today, I was wrong.
 Around six in the evening Dad came to my room to get me. He said today was going to be a ‘pass day’ and that we were all going to Luigi’s for dinner. Once we were seated in the restaurant, the ‘pass day’ bullshit didn’t seem to be sticking with Mom. 
“Please, Annabelle, get diet cola, not regular.” Mom begged in front of our waitress. “Please…. for Mommy.” 
I shook my head at her and ordered. “Regular cola, please.”
Mom let out an exasperated breath and dramatically flipped open her menu, scanning the drink selection for herself.
“Since a certain someone doesn’t want to make the healthy decision, I’ll go ahead and get that diet cola. Maybe she’ll change her mind later.” Mom told the waitress, letting out a little giggle as if to say, ‘Oh this girl, she’s fat and doesn’t know dieting should be a way of life for her. Oh, did I forget to mention she’s fat? That’s because she’s fat, and fat people shouldn’t drink regular cola, it’ll only make them fatter’.
So… dinner was a disaster, but at least I got to eat spaghetti and meatballs. 
When we got home, I went to my room to see if my cell phone had finished charging.
I had five text messages waiting. 
One text was from Jenna and the other ones were from… Tiger?
He was supposed to be ‘so whatever’, but seeing the nickname I foolishly gave him had my heart palpitating. His affect on me was becoming ridiculous and I needed to get a handle on my emotions before my life turned into drama city. 
I opened Jenna’s text first. It was probably going to be funny and I needed funny right now. 

Jenna: My dad’s kur-azy! He ordered special t-shirts for my swim meets. Jenna’s Dad, arrow pointing up. And 1 for mom 2! Think I can get away with telling everyone we’re not related? Bi-otch, you better answer me! Laters

Okay, that didn’t exactly help. In fact, it made me depressed knowing that her parents cared enough about her to get lame t-shirts made. They were proud of their daughter and weren’t afraid to show it. 
Maybe Mom would get custom shirts made if I managed to lose twenty-five pounds – my first achievement. 

‘My daughter lost twenty-five pounds and I’m so proud!’

I laughed, imagining her walking around the neighbourhood, proudly sporting the t-shirt with a huge grin on her face. 
Feeling somewhat happy, I tapped on James’ text. 

Tiger: Hey you there?

Tiger: R u ignoring me? Because of Donna? Fireball, you know it wasn’t like that!

Tiger: Fireball! Don’t ignore me! It was nothing. We were just talking about nothing…

Tiger: Wow, so its gonna be like that huh!

Annabelle: That’s right it’s gonna be like that. I don’t owe u anything. We don’t even know each other. Get over yourself, it wasn’t about DONNA! Some of us aren’t as lucky as you, we still have to work! Remember that the next time you decide to gloat!

Tiger: Oh yeah! U need to have your ears checked, I didn’t gloat! Stop lying to urself. It was about Donna, jealous I was talking to her and not you.

I threw my phone back onto my bed and it bounced, landing on my pillow. My body felt like it was in flames, so I grabbed my other pillow and whipped it across the room. But it didn’t make me feel any better. 
I grabbed my black hoodie from the closet and shoved my arms through the sleeves. Grabbing my iPod, I pulled the headphones on and closed my bedroom door. 
“I’m going biking!” I yelled from the front door. 
“You’re going to exercise!” Mom exclaimed, practically singing from the basement. “That’s wonderful, Annabelle, I’m so proud of you!” 

CHAPTER 5


Tuesday August 21st 2012

Looking down at the scale and it saying I weighed a 166lbs…. 
I knew…. I just knew things were about to become way worse. 
Crap city, here I come….
In the living room, my heart raced standing in front of her, about to share some unfortunate information about not losing any weight this week. A nanosecond later… she nonchalantly pulled out a white digital scale from behind the couch and placed it in front of my feet…. and then eyed me expectantly.     
It was always about this… this one fucking thing. Never mind how I felt… just as long as the right number blinked. 
But not this time… 
Not. 
This. 
Time. 
Disappointment was about to reign supreme this morning. 
I shook my head at her. “I’m not getting on a scale in front of you.”  
Mom let out a sharp breath. “For all I know, you’ve been lying so far, telling me what I want to hear. When I look at you, it doesn’t seem like you’ve actually lost any weight…”
Yeah… the rest of that conversation did not go very well…. like at all. It became a family affair in a flash with Katherine and Charles looking at me funny and Dad yelling at me for yelling at Mom. Having had enough of everyone, I got dressed and left the house with the intention of being out for the entire day…. and who knew…maybe tomorrow too. 

*~*~*

“Go Jenna!”  
I beamed like a proud parent as Jenna brought it home for her relay team, finishing off her freestyle with a quick tap on the wall. The buzzer rang loudly, signaling that the mock meet was over. At the bottom of the bleachers, Jenna’s parents were sitting with all the other excited parents. 
A pang of jealously shot through me. They were wearing the t-shirts her dad had ordered: his in blue, hers in pink. Her dad jumped from his seat to enthusiastically applaud his daughter’s victory. 
Jenna popped out of the pool, looking mortified. “Quit it, Dad!” she hissed at him, making everybody around her laugh, including all of us on the bleachers.
Grinning, Mr. Sabini ignored her and carried on.   
“Bringing home the Gold as the fasted freestyler in the entire mock meet, Jenna ‘The Wave Crasher Rocket Swimmer’ Sabini!” He fist-pumped and then nudged his wife to join in on his embarrassing display of affection. 
Jenna’s mom laughed and raised her arm in a haphazard attempt at a fist-pump. Mr. Sabini laughed and grabbed her arm, shaking it to match his own excitement. As soon as he released her arm, she dropped it to her side, shaking her head at one of the other mothers seated beside her.
“I can’t bring him anywhere.” She smiled, unashamed. This was an everyday thing for her and she clearly loved him for it.
I let out another long breath and headed down the bleachers. As I passed Jenna’s parents, they told me to tell Jenna not to take an hour to change. 
I headed to the girl’s change room through one of the locker filled hallways at Royal Heights High School. Almost at the change room door, I halted when I heard…. 
“Fireball?”  
I was only ‘Fireball’ to one person. 
I hesitantly turned around and my heart rate accelerated.  
With a blue duffle bag swinging against his hip, his dark hair damp and slicked back, James headed down the hallway towards me. 
 “What are you doing here, come to watch me practice?” He smirked and stopped an arms distance away from me.  “Be honest, you missed me.” 
My heart was beating like crazy. “Wrong. I didn’t even think about you.” 
His green eyes blazed. “Then why are you here? It’s still summer, beautiful. School doesn’t start for another few weeks.” 
I had no response, so with my eyes wide and my jaw down, I backed into the door that led to the change room, leaving him in the hallway, staring intensely my way. 
Real smooth, Annabelle.
I stared at my reflection in the mirror inside and tried to slap the delirious look from my face. It didn’t work. I couldn’t get the image of him… and the memory of his words out of my head. “It’s still summer, beautiful.”
A minute later and no longer looking flushed, I found Jenna in line to use the shower. After chilling with her while she changed, she left with her family for a celebratory dinner. Her parents invited me to come along, but I graciously declined, wanting to do my own thing. 
I went to the movie theater, chose a scary movie because it was the only thing playing at the time and had my pick of seats in an empty theater. Sitting in my preferred seat in the back of the theater, I was about to call what I was in ‘peaceful’ when ‘coincidently’ things changed….
“Why do you want to sit beside me?” I asked, keeping my legs on top of the seat in front of me. 
James crossed his arms, nudging my leg again with his knee. “I choose the same seat every time I go to the movies. That’s my spot.” He pointed to the seat beside me and I not so reluctantly let him through. 
We watched the movie in silence until suddenly near the end of Final Kill Twelve, a car pinned the main actress to a brick wall by her neck. 
“Oh my God!” I cringed, covering my eyes as fast as humanly possible. Seconds later, a warm hand closed over mine, trying to uncover my eyes. 
“Fireball, it’s over.” he whispered. 
“Are you sure?” I asked, worriedly. 
“Yes, don’t worry, it’s over.” he assured. 
I allowed my hand to be pulled from my face, but he didn’t let go afterwards. 
A final scream blasted from the speakers and the screen went black as the credits rolled up. He looked at me with soft warm eyes. “If you’re still scared, I can make it better.” 
“How?” I asked, my heart still beating like crazy from the gory scene. 
Shifting his grip, he brought my hand to his mouth and kissed my palm.  “Better?” he murmured with warm breath against my skin, igniting a feeling deep down that was as foreign to my body as low-fat tofu was.
“Better.” I answered, and then stared at our clasped hands. “Why are you doing this?” 
James exhaled roughly. “Don’t over think this.” 
The moment was kind of perfect, but the credits finished and James decided he was going to give me a ride home. It wasn’t smooth sailing to the parking lot, but eventually I was inside his car, fastening my seatbelt and sucking in my muffin top. He got in the driver’s side, asked where I lived, turned his car on with ease and drove out of the parking lot. Jealousy hit me as I caressed warmed leather interior. I was jealous that this car was all his. I didn’t even have my full license yet. 
I cleared my throat. “So… how’s baseball training?” 
“It’s going pretty good. I’ll probably be batting in the first game.” he answered, sounding happy. 
“That’s cool.” I said.
He grinned knowingly. “Yeah, I’m the newbie. But Coach thinks I’m the shit. Not that I blame him, I’m pretty amazing.” 
Obviously not humble. 
“Well, congratulations.” I said.
He smirked. “Don’t congratulate me now. Do it after I win the first game by slamming an awesome home run.”  
“You ever hear the phrase ‘there’s no ‘I’ in team’?” I asked in awe of his cockiness. He thought he was a superstar. 
Definitely not humble. 
“Besides, I don’t do sporting events.” I added and his eyes narrowed in confusion, looking back and forth between the road and me. 
“That’s a crock. You went to that mock swim meet today.” he expressed like I’d wounded him. 
 “Jenna’s my best friend, she’s earned that privilege.” I explained, like the rules of my world were written and sealed. 
“Yeah, and what do I have to do to earn that privilege? Become your boyfriend?” James shook his head and laughed like the idea repulsed him. My face felt like it was about to burst into flames. I wanted to crawl underneath a rock and hide there…. forever. 
“Why are you laughing?” I stammered, while my heart raced like crazy. “Am I that much of a joke to you?”
He stopped laughing in an instant. “I was only kidding.” 
“Pull over. I want to get out, right now.” I ordered, trying to control my voice from breaking. He pulled the car to the curb and switched it off. I pulled the door handle but the door was locked.
My eyes were burning. “Unlock the door, James.” 
“I’m sorry, Fireball.” he murmured, trying to grab my hand.
Not happening. 
“Don’t touch me!” I roared, pulling my hand away. “Unlock the door. Just do it!”
“No.” he argued, gripping the steering wheel again. “Don’t be mad at me.”
“Mad at you?” I gasped, my eyes wild and filled with fury. “Fuck you!”
“I didn’t mean it!” he pleaded loudly, but it was too late. 
“You’re poison, you know that. You… are… poison. The worst kind of venom!” I roared and then heard the door lock snap open. 
“There, the door’s unlocked, get the fuck out then!” James growled, pointing at the sidewalk. I opened the door and stepped out, giving him the middle finger before slamming it in his STUPID face. 
I’d made it ten feet down the sidewalk when a door slammed shut and someone pounded pavement my way. I knew who it was and a huge part of me was happy about it. I slowed down and a few tears streamed down my face. I felt him inching closer to me, and soon enough his hand grasped my shoulder, stopping me. 
“I’m sorry,” he whispered slowly, wrapping his arms around me and triggering what I’d been holding in since this morning. 
My eyes were pools of water as I gasped from the intensity of my sadness. I turned in his embrace and let my tears stain his shirt.  
“I’m sorry for making your shirt dirty.” I sniffed, trying to control myself, but it was hard. 
“Your tears could never be dirty,” he whispered warmly, massaging my lower back, making me feel feel…. like the deep in your heart kind. 
“I don’t want to go home.” I murmured, hugging him tightly, seeing myself getting used to holding him like this. 
He slowly pulled back, but my arms remained around him. Using his thumbs, he wiped my tear soaked face. “Let’s go to my house then.”
I nodded slowly and let him lead me back to his car. He drove us to his house, which was empty because his dad, step-mom and little half brother and sister were away at their cottage. 
We were in his room now, sitting closely on his queen-sized bed. It smelled like fabric softener and lavender. It was nice, almost soothing. His room was a little bigger than mine. He had a chestnut five-drawer dresser underneath the only window. Dark blue bed covers were neatly tucked into the gaps of his bed. He had a small bookshelf that had no books but a few baseball magazines. There was a desk and chair next to the bookshelf, with an opened laptop playing an ocean screensaver. Besides the light from the screensaver, the rest of the room was dark. 
“My mom wanted to go traveling with her new boyfriend, so I got shipped to hell. I have to spend my senior year at a brand new school,” he explained, tapping his bare feet against cool hardwood.
I faced him with a sad smile. “Bet you were Mr. Popular back at your old school?” 
“Maybe.” he answered. “Your turn. I ask, you tell.” 
“Okay.” I answered softly. 
“Do you hate me?” He wrapped his arm around my waist and squeezed me closer.
I paused for a few seconds. 
“I don’t hate you.” I murmured, wiping new tears off my face. “I’ve been angry since this morning. My mom wanted me to go on a fucking scale in front of her this morning. When the rest of my family joined in with the ‘let’s shit on Annabelle’ parade, I cracked. I lost it. All I saw was red. All I felt was pain and betrayal. How could they do this to me? Aren’t families supposed to be there for one another?”
James snorted, shaking his head, seeming disgusted. “Yeah, they’re supposed to, but in most cases, they’re not.”
I cleared my throat and continued. “I yelled at her…. hell, I yelled at everyone. It was me…. against all of them, and I didn’t do anything to deserve it. I left the house, not talking, not explaining where I was going or what I was going to do…. or when I was coming back.” 
“Did you want to run away?” James asked, like he understood what it felt like to be harassed by a parent. I thought about his dad, and he obviously did know, maybe even more than I did. 
“Yeah.” I sighed, feeling extremely tired. “I’m sick of feeling guilty all the time. I’m sick of not being good enough for them.”
“You are good enough.” James whispered.
I shrugged, feeling lifeless. “I just want to forget about it.”
“I can help you forget, if you want…” James offered, his voice hesitant.
“How are you going to do that?” I asked, my stomach feeling soft and squishy. 
“Do you trust me?” he asked, touching my face, fingers gliding down my jawline.
“You want to make me feel better? What about you?” I asked, grabbing his hand and pulling it into my lap, but he pulled it back. He pushed himself off the bed, grabbed my legs and moved them onto the bed, pulling them until I was flat on my back.
He climbed over me and rested his weight on his elbows. Our eyes met and he tucked loose strands of hair behind my ears. “What about me, Fireball? You don’t want to know what happened to me this morning, before practice. Adults like to yell when they don’t get their way, right? Baby, from the moment in the hallway earlier, to right now, everything shit and horrible, and nasty, it doesn’t exist for us anymore. Being here, with you, like this, it’s all I need.”
“I’m sorry…. I called you poison, Tiger.” I whispered, raking my fingers through his hair, smoothing it away from his sad face. 
His fingers skimmed my lips. “Is this okay?” 
I wanted this. 
I wanted to feel. 
I wanted to forget everything that was horrible for a while. 
Moving my arms around his shoulders, I nodded and he pressed his body down, covering me completely. 
Staring deep into his eyes and smiling, finally feeling relaxed, he leaned in, kissing my ear to the base of my neck. 
It felt good.

CHAPTER 6


Friday September 7th 2012

Not a call or a text from James since we made out on his bed that day a couple of weeks ago. I didn’t have the guts to call or text him first, so I was just going to forget all about him and cast him in the summer fling category. He helped me forget that day and I burned like six hundred calories kissing him anyways. He did his job. If I ran into him at school, I was going to ignore him. He was back to being ‘so whatever’ for me. 
By the way, it’s the first day of senior year. 
During breakfast, Mom kept staring at my semi tight, forest - green t-shirt. After five tense minutes, she said what was on her mind. She thought it didn’t compliment my body shape.
I ignored her. 
“I’m off.” I said after swallowing the last of my tasteless, healthy cereal. 
I had no idea where she found this stuff.
Maybe the pet store, as it was probably best suited for rabbits. 
I glanced at Charles and Katherine eating their Cheerios. I was so jealous. I bet their milk was also two percent. My milk didn’t even taste like real milk. Maybe Mom mixed water with skim milk for me…. 
 “Annabelle, wait for a moment, please!” Mom shouted from the kitchen as I put on my black Chucks. I tucked my black skinny jeans over the top of my shoes and got up off the stairs. I swung my backpack over my shoulder and waited by the front door to see what she wanted now. 
Mom came out of the kitchen with a brown paper bag in her hand. I stared at the bag in horror as she happily waved it back and forth. “I made a calorie controlled lunch for you.” 

*~*~*

 “Girl, where have you been?” Jenna shouted, leaning against a pillar beside the stairs at school. 
I did a little jog towards her. 
 “Sorry, had a calorie controlled paper bag lunch scare this morning,” I explained in faux horror.
 “Well, I assume the crisis was averted then?” she asked. 
I nodded. “Yeah, I put my foot down.” 
“Good.” Jenna said and then grinned. “Lost some weight, girl! You don’t have a double chin anymore.” 
“I had a double chin?” I hid my chin with my hands, horrified.  “Why didn’t you tell me?” 
 “Hey, nice shirt, your boobs look good.” She burst out laughing and I grabbed her shoulder with one hand and covered her mouth with the other. 
“Be quiet!” I hissed in her ear. “Girl, you know I can whoop you.”
 “Sure you could.” she snorted, pushing the side of her hip into mine and linking her arm through mine. “We both know who the bad ass in this relationship is. Me, the warrior, that’s who.”
I rolled my eyes. “Whatever.”  
“So tell me, what’s up? What’s the work situation?” Jenna asked as we headed up the stairs. Jenna didn’t work at the club anymore, quitting a few weeks ago to focus on swimming. 
“I’m just doing Saturdays now.” I answered. 
“Anything else going on?” she asked. 
I hesitated. 
Jenna didn’t know about James yet. 
My palms grew sweaty at the thought of spilling my guts. In a perfect world I would have told her everything, but it wasn’t a perfect world and this was Jenna. She would not be happy. Best friends were supposed to tell each other when things like this happened, but I was too scared to.
“Nothing to report. Same old, same old.” I lied. 
We stepped onto the terrace and the front entrance was hidden behind a mob of students hanging out. Jenna led the way, zigzagging around everyone. I grabbed onto her backpack and let her do all the work. Our homerooms were in different hallways, so once we were inside I let go of her backpack.
“See you at lunch.” I shouted to her. 
“Later.” she called back, heading the other way. 
I found my olive green locker, opened it and placed a small magnetic mirror from my backpack on the back of the door. As I checked my face for imperfections, despite a growing crowd behind me, I heard a lot of laughs, a whole bunch of them, but one laugh stood out. I slammed the locker door shut and stared at it. 
I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, trying to calm myself down before I turned and locked eyes with a guy I supposedly didn’t care about. 
“Please God, let me hate him.” I whispered, wanting out of this hallway, like now. Facing the floor, I headed into the crowd and down the hallway. I could hear the group’s laughter grow the closer I got to homeroom. Two seconds later, against the advisement of my mental health, I looked up. 
A pack of baseball caps worn backwards, sideways, and forwards, the Kings of the hallway stood alongside their Queens – or girls who expected to be their Queens soon enough because they were ‘hot’. And look who was standing next to James, laughing at everything he was saying… 
Donna Tallins. 
Wonderful. 
Not that I cared or anything. 
I didn’t know if he noticed me looking at him, but I turned the knob and walked into class, closing the door behind me. Breathing a sigh a relief, I scanned the room and it was almost full except for two seats in the back, and one seat in the middle. 
I glanced at the chalkboard.

Mr. Doors
Welcome seniors
AP English, room 205

Mr. Doors was in his mid-forties and had salt and pepper hair. 
“Hello everyone, welcome.” he announced loudly, shuffling some papers around his desk. I chose a seat in the back beside the window and the final bell rang, with somebody walking inside last minute. 
“Just made it.” I heard Mr. Doors say. 
“Yeah.” A familiar voice said. 
I looked up and everything went into slow motion. 
White sneakers. Black jeans. Blue t-shirt. Green eyes. Sexy mouth. 
Damn it, Annabelle! Not sexy – stupid! 
Yeah… I was in trouble…. James and I were going to have homeroom together. I wasn’t made to handle things like this. How come there was no manual on how to act around douchebags? 
Our eyes met as he headed down the room, and I kept thinking he was going to stop at the empty seat in the middle, but he kept coming, stopping at the desk next to mine. 
No.
Oh my God, this was not happening. 
Cool it – act cool – just relax. 
He sat down next to me. I took a series of deep breaths before facing Mr. Doors, who’d begun teaching. 
Everything was going to be okay, all I had to do was ignore the asshole to my right. That’s all I had to do – yeah right… an exam on Chinese literature would have been an easier task. I opened my notebook and felt him shift in his seat, his eyes staring into my side.  
“Hey.” he whispered. 
“Whatever, bro.” I shrugged, meeting his stupidly amused eyes.   
“Bro? We’re bros now?” he turned and snickered silently to himself before turning back to me, looking smug. “I don’t know many bros that have done the things we’ve done, Fireball.” 
There was a knock on the door. Mr. Doors opened it and whispered to the person on the other side. I could feel James staring at me, so I picked up my backpack from the floor and took out my phone. I pressed delete on ‘Tiger’ and tucked my phone back into my bag.
“What did you just do?” he asked hesitantly. 
“I just deleted something.” I replied, nonchalantly. 
“Something important?” James scoffed.
Looking him straight in the eyes, I answered with. “It never was.”

*~*~*

After two more classes, it was finally time for lunch.
My stomach was grumbling like crazy, but I headed to the washroom first before meeting Jenna in the cafeteria. A barrage of girls shot into the room, giggling loudly as I shut the door to my stall. 
“Donna, no way!”
I paused with my back against the door, deciding to eavesdrop when I heard who might be involved in this intellectual conversation. 
Donna Tallins. 
“He’s so cute!” 
“So cute!” 
“Too cute!” 
“He’s mine!” 
“Uh oh! The predator’s been unleashed!” 
“Donna’s out on the hunt ladies, so back off!” 
The door to the washroom opened again and the girls giggled their way out with more cheesy lines about how Donna was unstoppable and other puke-worthy crap like that. 
I finished my business and headed off to the cafeteria. I scanned the room for Jenna before getting my food. My heart jumped when I noticed the baseball team sitting with the entire ‘hot’ girl crew. More noticeably and slightly nauseating, James was sitting next to Donna and he was smiling at her…. genuinely.  
Taking a deep breath, I made myself turn away. Staring like a stalker psycho wasn’t a good look for me. I spotted Jenna sitting at a table with some of her swim team members. 
“Dude?” Jenna muttered, concerned, as I sat down across from her. 
I dropped my backpack to the ground and turned to her. 
“What?” I asked, warily. 
She leaned closer. “Why is your face red?” 
 “I’m just hungry. Mom gave me this weird cereal that tasted like sticks and I think she mixed my milk with water.” I explained, hoping she’d buy the excuse. 
“Damn, that’s brutal.” Jenna said. “Go get some food.” 
I entered the empty restaurant and opened the sliding fridge, debating salads. As I contemplated the difficult choice, somebody nudged my side. I knew who it was. 
“Don’t be like this, Fireball.” James whispered, trying to get me to look at him. 
That was not going to happen. 
I didn’t have time for this. 
I rushed out of the restaurant without food. 
I grabbed my cheeks and rubbed them, hoping to send some signal to my brain to calm down. Jenna didn’t notice when I slid back onto the bench, she was deep in conversation with the girl on her right, Tina, about the proper way to swim a breaststroke. 
My stomach grumbled loud enough for me to hear. I was hungry, but I felt too nauseous to even consider eating anything now. 
 “What the hell happened to you?” Jenna whispered. 
 “I’m not feeling too good. It’s too noisy in here. It’s giving me a headache.” I got off the bench and lifted my bag off the floor.
“Where are you going?” Jenna looked concerned. 
I sighed quietly. “To the library. It’s quiet. I need quiet right now.” 
Jenna nodded. “Okay. I’ll see you next period though, right?” 
“Yeah, see you there.” I walked out of the cafeteria, feeling his green eyes stare. 
The silence the library offered was welcoming. Feeling cooler from a well working A/C unit, I headed to the back of the library where the study nooks were hidden. Sitting in the nook furthest from the entrance, I placed my bag on the table and rested my head against it, closing my eyes.
It felt good not to think anymore.  

CHAPTER 7




 “Anna.” Jenna whispered from beside me and nudged my shoulder. 
I snapped out of my trance and turned to her. “What is it?” 
She looked at me warily and pointed to the empty desks in front of us. “Class is over.” 
I blinked back and forth between her and the empty classroom. I’ve been out of it since the library. I didn’t even hear the bell ring. 
“Dude, where were you during History?” Jenna asked while putting her things into her backpack. “Did you even take any notes?” 
She scanned my open notebook. It was blank except for the date on the top right-hand corner. I quickly closed my notebook and shoved it into my bag. 
“I told you before at lunch, I’m not feeling well.” I mumbled as I stood and hoisted my backpack up. 
She got out of her chair and put her backpack on. She stood in front of me and folded her arms across her chest. “Spill everything or I’m going to have to kill you, right here, right now.” 
I snorted. “You’re going to kill me if I don’t tell you everything right now?” 
“Yep, it’s the penalty for lying to your best friend,” she explained with an attitude. “Didn’t you read the rulebook when we first became best friends?” 
“Well, seeing as how we were like five when we became friends – and couldn’t read – then, no.” I tried to match her attitude with my own but my voice came out hoarse. 
“Tell me.” she hissed, looking like she could wait all day. 
“I’m sorry,” I quietly said, sounding ashamed. “It’s weird… I don’t even know how to explain it.” 
Jenna shook her head impatiently and ordered. “Just start from the beginning.” 
I told her about my encounter with James last month. There wasn’t much to tell, but it was enough to get Jenna riled up. 
“Repeat after me. James will no longer be getting a little something-something from Annabelle.” she commanded, holding my shoulders. 
“James will no longer be getting a little something-something from Annabelle.” I repeated.
“Repeat after me. James’ days in Annabelle’s love garden are over.” she ordered.
“James’ days in Annabelle’s…love garden?….. are over.” I repeated, grinning. 
“Understood?” Jenna demanded. 
“Yes, drill sergeant!” I straightened and saluted her.
Jenna nodded. “At ease, soldier.”
I lowered my arm, feeling better now that everything was out in the open. “I need to the use the washroom. You coming?” 
“I don’t need to use the facilities, but don’t worry I’m going to stand guard outside your stall in case any assholes try to sweep in and confuse you when you least expect it. You know, ’cause it happened so many times before.” She managed to keep her face serious for a second before smirking. 
I shook my head and led the way towards the washroom. I felt her hands push on my shoulders. “Just making sure you don’t detour, you know, with you being all up and down.” 
“You’re never going to let me forget, are you?” I muttered, letting her push me. 
Jenna sighed. “No, not for a while.”
“What’s ‘a while’?” I asked.
“I’m thinking your wedding day.” Jenna answered. 
“Gee, I don’t know whether I should say thank you for not milking this ’til we’re eighty or to whoop you for being a heartless, unsympathetic bi-otch.” I groaned as we entered the washroom. 
“Whatever bi-otch.” Jenna exclaimed, marching up to the mirror. 
I chose the stall farthest from the door as Jenna fluffed her hair in front of the mirror. 
“There’s no practice today. You want to go to my house?” she asked through the door. 
“Okay.” I answered and zipped up my pants. 
The washroom door opened with a bang, and a stampede of excited heels came clicking in. Before exiting the stall, my hand paused over the lock to hear who had come in first. 
“Hey Jenna!” 
“Oh – Hey, Latisha.” Jenna said hesitantly. 
I let out a sigh of relief; it was only Latisha, she was on the swim team with Jenna. 
“Sidney, Stacey Two, Stacey, Donna. How’s everything?” Jenna continued. 
I began to tense up. Latisha was in the ‘hot’ girl crew and was good friends with Donna. I leaned against the door and closed my eyes in frustration.
“We’re buzzin’,” One of them slurred ridiculously as if she were drunk. “Back to school party at Peter’s tonight! Are you going? Peter’s parties are kur-azy!”
“Nah, I’m still exhausted from training.” Jenna explained nonchalantly. 
“I’m tired too, but there’s no way I’m missing tonight.” Latisha enthused, bordering on cheerleader-level pep. “It’s going to be killer!” 
“I wouldn’t miss tonight for anything.” Donna said, her voice all breathy and seductive. 
There’s the snake, finally out of hiding.
“How so?” Jenna sneakily asked. “Something special happening at the party?”
“You could say that.” Donna giggled. 
“Well, spill.” Jenna urged. 
“James.” Donna sighed. 
No.
“James? Who’s that? I don’t think I’ve met him yet.” Jenna lied, playing stupid.
“James Lawson.” Donna purred. 
“So hot.” Latisha sighed.
“Tall, dark hair, and incredibly built.” Donna whispered, like it was top secret.
“James Lawson.” Jenna repeated. 
“My future boyfriend.” Donna declared with determination. 
No!
“Wow, well I guess you’ve got a plan to make him yours then?” Jenna asked her. 
“You got that right.” Donna answered seductively. 
“Oh yeah, how?” Jenna asked. 
“That’s my little secret.” Donna replied coyly. 
After a few more squeals about tonight, the ‘hot’ girl crew exited the washroom, and Jenna’s at my door telling me it’s okay to come out. But I couldn’t bring myself to unlock the stall. 
Was tonight the night for Donna and James to officially become boyfriend and girlfriend? And if they were going to get together tonight…. then it was okay, because it had nothing to do with me, nothing at all. It’s not like James was my boyfriend… and it’s not like we cared about each other like that. He was ‘so whatever’ and I could care less who he got together with.
Really.
Honestly.
I wasn’t lying.
I did not care. 
I didn’t care…. I didn’t care… I didn’t care… I didn’t care…. I didn’t care… I didn’t care… I didn’t care…. I did not care. 

CHAPTER 8




Operation junk food: Commence.
Destination: Ralph’s One Stop Gas and Food Shop.
After grabbing a basket, I filled it with chips, candy bars and regular cola. 
The calorie-count in all of this was going to be in the thousands – I didn’t care. 
I was eating all of it. 
Tonight. 
I wanted there to be smudges of chocolate all over my mouth as I slept. 
I wanted to sleep on smashed pieces of chips that failed to make it into my mouth. 
I wanted to wake up tomorrow morning with a toothache so painful it’d make me forget about today. 
Someone lied today about how she really felt…. guess who? 
I made my way to the counter to pay, and along the way I grabbed a small bag of kettle popcorn that was on sale and a small bag of caramelized popcorn. 
I decided I needed those too. 
I paid for everything and placed them inside my empty backpack.
The automatic sliding doors opened as new customers walked in. I needed to get home before my chocolates melted and my drinks got warm. I hated warm pop. I couldn’t drink them at that temperature and, if that happened, it would be very, very, very bad. 
The sliding doors opened for me and I speed walked home, careful not to shake my bag too much so the cans of pop wouldn’t explode when I opened them. I wanted to drink it, not bathe in it. 
I quietly opened the front door, sliding my key from the lock, careful not to make noise. I wanted one thing and that was to make it to my room as fast as possible. 
“Annabelle? Is that you?” Mom called from the basement. 
I let out a sigh at my failure and closed the door behind me. The floorboards rumbled as I kicked off my shoes. I tightened my hold on the straps of my backpack. My treasure was safe in there as long as I kept it close to my body; as long as my bag was on my back, she couldn’t unzip it and explore. 
That would be rude. 
“Annabelle? Why didn’t you answer?” Mom asked from the hallway. 
I looked up as she entered the foyer. “I’m just tired.” I responded exhaustedly. 
“How was your first day? Senior year!” 
And so the interrogation commenced…

*~*~*

So after I went through what I had for lunch today (lied about eating a salad) and how unflattering my shirt was for the millionth time, I finally made it to my bedroom. Half a bag of chips, three quarters of a candy bar and half a can of cola later…. my body gave in to a sugar coma.
But what a dream… I was dreaming…. damn.
Even in my dreams he made me feel… interesting.

Tasting like chocolate, I deepened the kiss. James growled, pressing his chocolate-covered mouth deeper – letting me taste chocolate like I’d never tasted chocolate before. 
A beeping noise rang loudly from the sky. James pulled back and stared deep into my eyes. His entire face was covered in chocolate. 
“You like what you see, Fireball?” he purred. 

My eyes jerked open to my phone alerting me of an incoming text. 
I took a deep breath and wiped chip crumbs off my shirt. My hands shuffled around my bed until they felt my phone resting beside my pillow. 

Jenna: So I’ve been thinking…

Annabelle: What do u mean, you’ve been thinking? That’s usually not a good thing…

Jenna: What? Between u and I, I’m obviously the one with the brains. Anyways…I got me an idea!

As I read the message, the doorbell rang. 
In the middle of typing a response to her, three knocks on my door caught me off guard. I flew off my bed, grabbing the half-eaten bag of chips. 
“Just a minute!” I yelled frantically, tucking the bag underneath my blanket. The rest of my supply was safe in my bag, which I had stored in the closet. 
Before opening the door, I wiped the edges of my mouth, hoping to eliminate any remnants of evidence. I wasn’t in the mood for another interrogation. 
I opened the door and blinked in surprise.
Jenna?
“What are you doing here?” I muttered, confused at the sight of my best friend leaning against the wall with her arms crossed. 
She pushed off the wall and marched into my room. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked as she crossed the doorway. 
“Like I said, I’ve been thinking.” she stated, stopping in front of my bed, examining it for a second before looking back up at me. 
“Thinking about what?” I asked hesitantly. 
She grinned. “Feel like going to a party?” 

CHAPTER 9




The party was at Peter’s and we argued about how I was/wasn’t going to it. A few minutes later, with my energy levels at an all time low, Jenna stood in front of my closet declaring that the party was so on… so I kind of gave in…. sort of. 
“Do whatever you want.” I flipped on to my bed, hiding my head in my pillow. 
“First smart decision you’ve made in a while Annabelle, I’m proud of you.” Jenna snorted. “Now let’s see what you’ve got good enough to grace Peter’s party with.” 
I heard the closet doors snap open. 
“You’re going to be disappointed, there’s nothing good enough for a party in there. We should just forget about going to this party.” I groaned into my pillow. 
“Found something!” Jenna announced. 
I looked up and Jenna pulled out a hanger from the end of the rack, a hip level shimmery black tank top. 
“It still has a tag on it.” Jenna held up the tag in confusion. 
A memory resurfaced. 
Last June.
Mom. 
“Think of it as something to work towards Annabelle. I know it’s only a medium, but the sales lady said the material stretches and after you lose weight this summer, I’m sure it’s just going to look fabulous on you!” 
 “You’re so wearing it.” Jenna stated, holding the tank top over her head so I could see it. “You’ll look great in it.”
“I’m not wearing it, it’s too small.” I snapped at her. 
Jenna shook her head slowly. “I think it’s time I went all philosophical on your lame-ass.” 
She sat on the bed and faced me. 
“Life – is a long – long road. The shiny gold star that marks growth and acceptance awaits patiently along the way – you just need to find your way to it.” Jenna finished the gibberish with a look of contentment.
“Jesus Christ!” I hissed, looking away immediately. 
“Do you have it, Anna?” Jenna got off the bed and stood in front of me with her arms folded across her chest. “Do you?” 
I had no idea what she was talking about. “Do I have what? What are you talking about?” 
“Do you have what it takes to make that journey?” Jenna asked breathily. 
 “Why don’t you just answer that for me since you seem to think you know me so well.” I scoffed at her. 
“I think you do.” Jenna said.
It was nice to be believed in, even if it was from Jenna. She was just following the Best Friend Code and that was to be there for one another, no matter what. 
“Alright, let’s do this.” I sighed and Jenna clapped her hands happily. 
Thirty minutes later, Jenna finally sprayed the last inch of my now extremely perfect high ponytail. It was kind of painful. 
 “Not bad right?” Jenna smirked from behind. “I know, I know, I’m the master. It’s alright we’re alone here – you can admit it.” 
I turned to face her, starting to chuckle. “I’m not calling you a master.” 
“Whatever, I can see it in your eyes.” Jenna rolled her eyes. “But you see, a little fix here, a little fix there and wow, you’re a superstar Anna.” 
“Whatever.” I looked to the floor, but then looked back up to her when I remembered something. “What about my parents? You know how nosy they are, how am I going to tell them I’m going to a party?”
In the middle of fixing her own hair, Jenna’s eyes met mine through the mirror. “Your parents aren’t even home. I kind of forgot to tell you. In fact nobody’s home.”
My eyes widened. “Nobody’s home?” 
“I came over right when they were about to leave, told me they heard you snoring and didn’t want to disturb you but when you woke to tell you that your parents were going to a party at a friend’s house, and Charles and Katherine were going over to their friend’s houses for sleepovers. Fun.” 
A giant gasp left me. “They were going to leave me alone and I wouldn’t have found out until I woke up to an empty house?” I exclaimed, leaning back down onto my bed. 
Jenna marched right over and hauled me up by my shoulders. “You’re ruining all my hard work.”
 “My family doesn’t give a shit about me.” I moaned as she pulled me up. “I’m an afterthought, I’m an inconvenience, that’s all.” 
“Stop.” Jenna murmured, giving my shoulders a shake. “Don’t talk like that about yourself. Just because you don’t have a life, doesn’t mean the rest of your family can’t.” 
“Thanks.” I scoffed at her and yanked out of her arms, but she grabbed me and pulled me in front of her with a mascara tube.
“Don’t mention it.” She smirked, pulling the brush out and applying mascara to my lashes. “Anytime.” 
“Do you think I’m boring?” I asked her seriously as she put the mascara brush back into its tube. 
“On your own, I don’t know a crazier person who’d ride their bike like you do. In a social scene however, you’re not boring, you’re just not that wild… or adventurous.” Jenna explained. “The craziest thing you’ve done is having that side – lusting thing with James. Which I’m still pissed about, but whatever, we’re moving on from that.” 
“I can be adventurous, I can be wild and free around people.” I told her firmly. “I’m a senior, isn’t it some rule that you have to be carefree and wild during your senior year of high school?”
Jenna grinned. “Now you’re getting it.”
After Jenna finished applying my makeup, I marched to the mirror. My lips were glossy, my brown eyes stood out thanks to mascara and my cheeks were rosy thanks to a pretty plum blush. But the most important thing was the medium sized tank top.
Surprise… surprise. 
It fit my body tightly, but not to a point where I couldn’t breathe. My hundred and sixty two-pound body looked….
“I look good.” I murmured quietly, hoping Jenna wouldn’t hear and laugh at the audacity. 
Laughter broke behind me. 
I spoke too soon. 
“What was that I hear?” Jenna grinned. “Was someone telling her mirrored self that she actually looked good?”
 “Yeah, you heard right. I just said I looked good.” I said to her with attitude. “Damn good!” 
Jenna marched right up to me and placed both her hands on my shoulders.
“Welcome to life my friend.” 

CHAPTER 10




“I’m gonna text my mom.” I told Jenna after locking the front door and heading down the stone path to the sidewalk.
 “Tell her you’re going to sleepover at my house, that way we can stay out longer.” Jenna said excitedly. “By the way my parents won’t be home till three in the morning, they went to a party at my uncle’s house.” 

Mom: Remember to monitor your calories. Have a great night darling.

I let out a frustrated breath and tucked my phone in my back pocket. “We’re good to go.”
Jenna checked her phone. “It’s almost nine. Let’s get there before all the drinks are gone.”
I stopped mid step. 
Drinks?
I turned, facing her. “There’s going to be like…. alcohol there?”
Jenna rolled her eyes, pushing me forward. “Anna, this is a senior class party. What do you think goes on?” 
 “I don’t know if I should drink. You know my mom’s a pro at smelling things off my breath. You think I can get pop and chips by her. When you knocked, I thought it was her and freaked out.” I screeched, feeling my face heat up for reasons unrelated to the Floridian weather system. 
Her shoulder bumped into mine. “Calm down. You don’t have to drink if you don’t want to. Just go with it and be comfortable. Do what feel’s right.” 
“Okay, okay, I’m good – I’m cool.” I reassured her. 
Stressed Annabelle was gone…. for now.  
Jenna snorted, linking her arm through mine, dragging me faster.  “Sure, I’ll believe that when I see it.”
Unfortunately, the twenty minutes it took to get to Peter’s brought me momentarily back to square one. Jenna noticed as I stalled on the sidewalk, trying to control my nervous breathing. 
What if James was already there…. with Donna!  
Jenna shook her head at me. “Stop trying to convince yourself that this is a bad idea. It’s going to be a great night.” 
“It’s going to be a great night.” I repeated, matching her optimism, even though it was forced. “It’s going to be a great night.”
“That’s right.” Jenna said. “And if we see douchebag James, you’re going to ignore him, right?”
“Right.” I answered. 
We turned the corner to Peter’s block and heard faint sounds of dance music. 
“We’re going to dance the night away.” Jenna said, moving her shoulders to each beat. 
Dancing? I imagined my larger than average frame busting a move in front of our fellow classmates. It didn’t look good as I imagined it. In fact, it was horrendous. She let go of my arm and skipped across the sidewalk. 
I stopped walking. “Dancing… Jenna? That’s a scary…. thought.”  
She stopped skipping and faced me, stretching her arm out towards Peter’s wide ranch style house. “Dancing is about having fun and letting loose. There’s nothing scary about it, well unless you’re in an auditorium filled with judges. It’s only a high school party. Most of the kids there are getting drunk as we speak, they won’t notice us.” 
I snorted. “Yeah, how about you try dancing when you have parts of your body moving without your say so, then we’ll talk about throwing caution to the wind and letting go.” 
“I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that.” she whispered, crossing her arms for a few seconds before dropping them angrily. “You know what…. screw that… I will acknowledge what you’ve just said. There will be no body parts moving without your say so. They do so only at your command. Can’t you see that now? Get to it, girl!” 
“As always, your inspirational speeches on self discovery does wonders for my self esteem.” I cringed, pointing at Peter’s house. “In perfect timing, as we are about to enter a party, with boys.”
“Who cares about what boys or anyone else thinks.” Jenna stated, eyeing the house that already had a few of our fellow seniors staggering around on one foot. 
The night had already begun for some. 
“We’re here to have fun, judgment be damned.” I told her as we slowly walked towards the driveway. 
“Exactly.” Jenna grinned, moving her shoulders to the growing sounds of hip hop music. “It’s time to let loose and do as the senior class of Royal Heights High are doing right now. Getting drunk and getting crunk!” 
“Crunk?” I hissed, embarrassed for her. “I can’t believe you said crunk. Who says crunk anymore?”  
She laughed me off as we entered into official party territory. The driveway was long and wide. Our fellow party patrons filled bits in small groups, probably discussing the validity of tonight’s refreshments with how well they could walk a straight line. I’m guessing the more they stumbled, the more they believed the punch they poured into those red plastic cups earlier. 
“Is there like a spiked punch inside?” I yelled over loud music as we walked around the groups. She cringed, jerking her head back. 
“Why are you screaming?” she yelled, caressing her violated ear. “I’m not deaf you know!” 
“I’ll yell at you all I want!” I told her back, matching the attitude. “The music’s so loud, I didn’t think your messed up ears could hear me, you know, with you being a swimmer and all. I’m sure you’ve got a hearing aid in your future!” 
“Bi-otch, you better take that back. How dare you mock a swimmer’s life, do you even understand that kind of dedication?” Jenna said, clearly not angry by the twinkle in her eyes. 
I was kidding and she knew it. Like I’d ever mock the sport she loved seriously. 
I had the rest of my life to live. 
A few feet away from the entrance, I could already picture the house filled with loud and obnoxious kids our age, throwing their bodies around as if it were an actual sport, to see who was the loudest, the baddest, the wildest, and the life of the party.
We stood in-between the threshold and took in the massive room for a few seconds. The music was loud enough to break windows and it seemed like our entire class showed up. Peter’s grand salon was dressed up like a nightclub, with dimmed lights and a huge crowd of dancers in the center, busting moves as if their lives depended on it. 
I didn’t see anyone not having fun and for the first time in my life, I was a part of the experience like everyone else was. I wasn’t trapped at home in my room gorging on chocolate all by myself, unlike everyone else.
 “Let’s do this!” Jenna grabbed my arm, pulling me through the open doorway, throwing us into the senior frenzy, soup style. My jaw dropped at the massive amount of people that were really crammed inside. Girls in small dresses, boys in oversized jerseys, mixed in with those that wore jeans and simple shirts. I glanced down at Jenna’s sensible blue Chucks on route to my black Chucks. Some of the girls around us were wearing dangerous looking high heels.
“Danger’s on the move! We need to move away from the feet annihilators!” I yelled over the music to Jenna. After eyeing the floor, she nodded in agreement and pulled me around the dance floor. 
“Keep your eyes out for anyone we know.” Jenna said, guiding me across the room. I knew of the people that surrounded me, but not enough to stop and have a conversation. 
Jenna quickly pinpointed her fellow swim team members huddled in a corner near the refreshment table and quickly ushered us to them. I took in the entire room again, settling on the dance floor for a few seconds extra, mesmerized by the flailing arms and legs. 
My first high school party... I broke the transfixed gaze, looking back at Jenna who was busy hugging her other friends and laughing loudly. Watching them exude excitement with one another made me feel numb all over. She had another life, one that didn’t involve me. 
Where was I when all this happened? 
Had I been asleep for the last three years? 
 “Snap out of it.” Jenna screeched next to my ear. Before I could give her a nasty scowl, she shoved a red plastic cup into my hands. I grasped it tightly to my chest, the red liquid inside sloshing dangerously close to the rim. 
“Drink.” she mouthed, barely audible over the music. I took a sip of the red liquid and it slid down my throat, leaving a weird tangy aftertaste. I stuck my tongue out and a disgusted moan followed. 
Jenna eyed her friends knowingly and they all burst out laughing. “What is that?” I yelled, holding the cup away as if it were poison. 
“Special Punch.” Jenna laughed. She grabbed my arm and pushed it back to my body. “Drink more. You’ll feel more relaxed.” 
Does she go to parties without me? How? I tried remembering a time when I didn’t know what Jenna was up to during a weekend night. The last few months, there were a few blank spots I couldn’t remember knowing what she’d been up to. 
 “Anna!” Jenna screamed excitedly from behind, tapping my shoulder. “We’re going to dance, let’s go!” 
Before heading towards the dance floor, they slammed the rest of their drinks back and dumped the empty cups into the trash. I’d never danced in public before and that scared me. 
“I’m still thirsty. I’m going to finish my drink. I’ll join you guys later!” I yelled over the music, holding my drink up, hoping she’d believe me.
 “Finish your drink,” Jenna’s eyes narrowed, unconvinced. “And then get your ass on the dance floor. If I don’t see you in a few minutes, you’re shark bait.” 
My eyes rolled at her tone. Bi-otch whatever! 
“Yeah, okay.” I assured her, reluctantly taking another sip of the punch. 
What if I got drunk? 
I’d never been drunk. Tonight wasn’t really the night I hoped to have that first, especially if James was going to show up with Donna.
Ugh! Donna and James. Why? How? I couldn’t believe I came, knowing that they were going to be here, probably up in each other’s arms, practically dry humping as they danced, probably thinking they were the King and Queen of this party. 
What the hell was I then…. the King’s Mistress/Court Jester?  
My roles included keeping the King happy, however he saw fit, but while alongside his main lady (Donna), my duty was to provide comedy for them while they basked in the pleasures of a feast with their closest allies. 
Damn it! I knew this party was a bad idea.
How did I let Jenna talk me into going? 
It was a trap. 
I walked into a trap! 
And as if it were fate, a loud and obnoxious animal noise echoed through the room, ostentatiously overriding the music. Incredibly nervous, I took another swing of my punch, the sour taste distracting me from the loud barbaric noises that continued to rattle loudly. 
Taking a deep breath, I turned and faced the animal calls to see who it was.
I lowered my gaze instantly, immediately wishing I’d never turned. 
I shouldn’t have turned. 
I should have stayed with my back to that part of the party. 
It would have been for the best. 
I could have just walked on without a worry. Now I was faced with a dilemma, one that my heart currently pounded at a mile a second for, ripping against my chest. 
James. 
He was here.
Gulping, I gazed back at the entrance. 
Wearing a backwards baseball cap, a fitted black t-shirt and dark blue jeans that looked like they were made for his long muscular legs, he stood with his crew of backward baseball caps. 
Cue the applause…the shining stars, the Royal Heights High School Baseball Team, or as I liked to call them, the ‘Kings of the hallway’ had arrived.  
I wasn’t the only one who thought this. The crowd parted for the overly confident, overly arrogant leaders as they made their way down into the dance floor. Making matters worse, like in an… ‘I can’t believe it could get worse’… kind of way, girly screams rippled through the entire room as if it were a tangible vibration. Even the punch in my cup was rippling.  
I glanced at the evil suspects, a group of floundering females, twisting and twirling as if they were zombie bees lusting after the nectar of a flower that would keep them alive.
Guess who played the flower? 
God I’m bitter! I stared at the growing crowd, as bright pink and violet dressed piranhas stalked quickly to the apple of their eyes. 
Other girls…beware…. these boys were off limits. 
Their Kings had finally arrived… finally! 
Once in close proximity to James, Donna burst out of the ‘hot’ girl cocoon she hid in while traveling through the crowded dance floor. It was as if they were a rose blooming in the spring, but Donna was the entire rose and the other girls were just the leafy stems. 
Why were her friends always playing second fiddle to her? They were the clam…. and she would always be the pearl. 
Both groups collided, intermixing. They shuffled together through the dance floor, oblivious of the commotion and disturbance they were causing. They laughed loudly, expressing their joy of the positions in life they were in. The sliding door to the backyard opened, and the entire King and Queen group laughed loudly walking out. 
It was all a blur. I didn’t even know what I’d just saw.  
If Jenna had been next to me, she would have explained it like…. “A collage of overconfident douchebags walked in like they owned the room. There, I explained it.”
Ignoring the pain in my chest, it was time to forget and move on. I needed to convince myself that seeing Donna gallop happily towards James wouldn’t plague my dreams and thoughts for the next while.
I had too… 
I took another sip of punch, hoping the alcohol could do something about my nerves. As the liquid hit my tongue, I cringed again. How many sips was it going to take me to get used to the taste?
“Oh God, I thought I was the only one!” An unfamiliar voice exclaimed beside me. 
I jerked in shock, the loud voice taking me by surprise. I looked up, finding a tall boy standing beside me, holding the same red plastic cup with a similar expression on his face. 
Disgusted? 
His eyes twinkled once they connected with mine and his nice puffy lips spread into a smile. “I can see you don’t like it either.” 
Talk Annabelle! 
Cute guy alert! 
Talk!  
 I cleared my throat. “Um… yeah! It wasn’t what I expected.” 
“What did you expect it to be like?” He grinned. He wasn’t as tall as James, but he was still tall. His hair was dark blonde, smoothed back. 
His eyes were blue. I liked blue. I really liked blue. 
Not as much as green, but that was okay, blue was good. 
I could do blue. 
Easily. 
“I thought it was going to be like a standard punch, fruity and sweet.” I told him, laughing. “Do you know what it is?” 
His eyes twinkled again as his smile grew wider. He had nice teeth too. “Well I think I agree with you, it is punch, but fruity and sweet, that’s an obvious no!” 
“Fruit juice powder?” I offered as a possibility for the weird concoction. He nodded as if it could have been a possibility. 
“Yeah, that’s what I thought it was. I was like… I know this taste, I’ve tasted this before. I just couldn’t remember it because the last time I had this stuff was when I was a kid!” He tilted his head back and laughed.
“Yeah, fruit juice powder but there’s something else, something I can’t name.” I told him, giving a toothy smile that he seemed to enjoy. He shuffled his body closer to mine as the people around us crowded the space up. 
“I think its spiked.” He leaned in, whispering as if it was a scandalous secret. I laughed out loud as he wagged his eyebrows playfully. “Wanna get drunk?” 
I laughed again. “I don’t even know your name?” 
I wouldn’t be making that mistake again. I was going to know the name of the person first before having a conversation with them. 
“Dean.” he answered, stretching out a hand. “What’s yours?” 
“Annabelle, but you can call me Anna.” I told him, shaking his warm hand. “Do you go to Royal Heights? I don’t think I’ve seen you before?” 
He shook his head, not letting go of my hand. “No, I go to Pleasant View High with Peter’s cousin, Dan, that’s how I found out about the party.” 
“Pleasant View, that’s cool.” I smiled at him, pulling my hand away from his firm grip. “Do you like it there?”
“I do, but now that I think about it, I think I’d be happier at Royal Heights.” Dean grinned, looking into my eyes. 
Oh my God! 
Was this flirting? 
Were we flirting? 
Oh my wow, I was being flirted with and not in an asshole kind of way, but in an honest, nice, old school, how a gentleman would treat a lady kind of way.
So this is what it was supposed to be like.
Being swept off your feet. 
James who? 
I turned away, feeling my face heat up. After a second to catch my breath, I slowly gazed back at him. “Would you now, how so? What made you change your mind about schools so quickly?” 
Dean leaned in again, starring deeper into my eyes. “Sometimes fate has a way of doing things that completely knocks you off your feet. I’m kind of having one of those fate moments.”
“Like right now?” I leaned towards him, holding the red cup to my chest. 
“Maybe.” he whispered and then looked away at the dance floor for a second, then back at me. “Anna, you wanna dance?” 
I looked at the dance floor and the worry that usually followed was no more. Instead, it was replaced with the excitement of having a new experience. I’d never danced with a guy before. 
What about the horizontal dance you did with James?
Making out with James on his bed did not count as dancing, whatever it was. 
This… was going to be harmless fun. 
Dancing! I gulped once and gazed back at an apprehensive looking Dean. 
“Yeah, I’d love to dance with you Dean.” I nodded and his worried face melted into pure delight. 
Dean held out his hand and amazingly, without skipping a beat, I took it. The warmth from his skin made me feel dizzy and lightheaded as tiny bubbles exploded in the pit of my stomach. He took our cups and threw them in the trash.
Dean led me to the dance floor and the dance track changed into an R&B slow jam. Noticing the alarm in my eyes, Dean stopped and faced me. “Is this okay?”
I looked around the dance floor and everyone was quickly partnering up. I didn’t have to worry about James and his crew since they were outside for the time being. I searched for Jenna and her friends, catching the back of them as they made their way off the dance floor and towards the refreshment table. I faced Dean again and using every ounce of courage I had, I nodded. 
Dean stepped into my embrace and pulled both my hands around his neck, then placed his arms around my waist. “Is this okay?” he murmured, looking deep into my eyes, not smiling.
I nodded, transfixed by his stare. I followed his lead and we moved slowly to the music. I looked away off the dance floor and caught Jenna’s eye. She smiled widely, giving me two thumbs up. Dean tightened his hold around my waist and I looked back at him. 
I giggled nervously. “This is… I don’t know.” 
Dean grinned. “It’s nice. I think it’s nice,” he murmured sweetly. 
“I think it’s nice too.” I murmured back. 
“You’re cute you know that.” Dean said softly. “Of course you know it, how could you not.” 
I blinked a few times at his candor, or what I hoped was his candor, he could be lying. I hoped he wasn’t lying. 
“Thanks.” I murmured. Feeling brave all of a sudden, I blurted out. “Um, you’re cute too.” 
Dean grinned, liking what he’d heard. He tightened his grip around my waist again, pulling me closer to his body. “You have no idea how good hearing that makes me feel. Thanks, baby.” 
Baby? 
Nobody called me that but James. 
Wait, what? 
Screw James, hello Dean! 
I smiled back, tightening my arms around his neck, pulling myself closer to his strong body. 
“Do you play sports?” I asked out of nowhere. His face lightened up. 
“Yeah, I play.” he stated. 
“Well?” I asked impatiently. “What sport?”
He smiled big, showcasing all his teeth. He had a great smile. 
“Baseball.” he replied breathily. “I’m a pitcher.” 
My eyes widened at hearing ‘baseball’. Not another one! 
What was going on? 
Was there something about me that attracted a certain athletic group? 
Or was it just a coincidence, that for the first time in my life, having the attention of two cute guys, they’d just happened to play baseball?
“Are you a batter too?” I asked him. Is that what you called them? I knew jack about baseball. 
“Nah, when I played during freshman year, I batted in a few games, but my strengths lay better in pitching.” he explained. 
“Are you the star pitcher at your school?” I asked him and was awarded with a prize-winning smile. 
 “But of course.” he replied as any champion would, with power and confidence. He knew who he was. 
So here’s where I was getting confused, and I’d hoped I wouldn’t do this to myself, but what the hell was he doing here with me if he was a champion? Clearly a champion would want to be dancing the night away with a girl equivalent of a prize. 
Was I a prize? 
My gut reaction, my first instinct, was… no. 
So this had to end. 
My hold tightened around his neck, and he did the same around my waist. I was going to savor every second of this moment and when the song finished, I was going to let go.
“This was nice.” I told him softly. His blue eyes peered into mine, making my insides melt. 
Why did it have to end? 
It just began. 
For once in my life, why couldn’t I just let go and let things happen without worrying about the repercussions? A millisecond later, I knew the answer. It’s because I had let go. I let go weeks ago and ended up feeling…. not good. The day after we spent time together at his house, it was like nothing had happened between us, and that sucked in a soul crushing, mind fuck, screaming ‘life’s unfair’ kind of way. Days turned in weeks, and no matter how many times I told myself to forget, and that it wasn’t a big deal, that night engraved itself onto me. 
And now it was time for another round of ‘honesty’. Today wasn’t my only junk food binge. That’s right, there’s nothing like salty goodness and sweet deliciousness to help ease the pain of disappointment. But today was the last time, for real. There were no plans for any more junk food binges, so there had to be no more stupid mistakes. That meant in less than thirty seconds, Dean baseball player, pitcher extraordinaire and I had to say goodbye forever. 
As usual, I was being crazy dramatic, but the beautiful feeling of being in his arms had to go away, with less than twenty seconds to go. 
First things first, stop staring into his beautiful blue eyes. 
Check. 
Fifteen seconds. 
Next, move my body a few inches away from his. I felt my body grow cold instantly without his heat. 
Check. 
Ten seconds. 
Next, loosen the hold I have over his neck. I loosened the hold and I could feel his eyes on me, questioning my movements. “Everything okay?” he murmured. 
“Yeah, everything’s cool.” I said, glancing around the room, anywhere but his eyes.
Five seconds. 
My hands moved down, no longer holding his neck, they held his shoulders for the last few seconds of the song. 
One second. 
The song finished, quickly morphing into a dance track. Couples around us broke apart and started dancing wildly to the new track. I let go of Dean and he loosened his grip around my waist, and I reluctantly stepped away. I looked at him and his forehead creased, his eyes reading confusion. We were having such a good time, something was clearly clicking between us, but then something happened and everything changed. 
That something was my brain, my mind, my common sense, and my wisdom from past experience. I wanted to protect myself from the past repeating. 
 “Thanks for the dance, it was nice.” I murmured softly and walked away, leaving Dean by-himself, dumbfounded and frozen. 
About to step off the dance floor, my foot stumbled abruptly and I went tumbling down. Hands shot out, grabbing my forearms and stopping me from hitting carpet. I straightened and looked at my hero’s face, ready to say thank you but angry green eyes and messy dark hair underneath a backwards baseball cap left me stunned and speechless instead.
James! 

CHAPTER 11




“Let go.” I whispered and his grip loosened. Shaking his head like he couldn’t believe he was getting this shit from me, he turned quickly and disappeared off the dance floor. 
As my heart ran at a dangerous rate, I searched for Jenna’s eyes, fearing she was in the midst of exploding from her front row seat. The back of her jean shorts and flowy purple tank top instantly brought my heart rate down a peg. I’d never been more relieved. 
Wiping hot sticky sweat off my forehead, I made my way to Jenna’s group, joining them next to the refreshment table as they waited in line with red plastic cups. Jenna’s arms caved around my waist, hugging me tightly. 
“Wow, he’s so cute,” she whispered into my ear. 
I laughed immediately, trying to mask my distress. 
“Yeah, he was pretty nice.” I sighed. 
“How’d that happen?” she asked excitedly, her eyes lighting up. “You were supposed to join us, and then when I couldn’t find you I thought you ran off. But much to my surprise…. my girl here was doing a little dance with a cutie! Dude, I’m so proud of you.” 
If only you knew…  I ‘grinned’, shaking my head at her hyper encouragement. 
All of a sudden my lungs felt enflamed and I desperately wanted a paper bag to hyperventilate in. I glanced around the overcrowded room, having space to breathe seemed impossible.
“Where’s the bathroom?” I asked the chatty group and was pointed in the right direction. I used the bathroom quickly, checking my reflection and washing my hands. Back in party territory, a slow song began to play and something horrible caught my eye. 
James and Donna.
Slow dancing. 
Her baby pink strapless mini dress rode up her thighs as they smothered against his crotch area. His muscular arms trailed down to her lower back and held her closer. She giggled squeakily at him, looking deep into his eyes with the few inches that separated their perfect faces. 
That’s just great… 
Hopefully they’d be happy together, just as long as I was left alone. I didn’t need his crap in my life. I was only sorry I shared personal issues with him and cried in his arms. 
As if on cue, James’ eyes met mine. He snickered and curled his body closer around a very eager Donna. I stumbled a little, but regained my footing in time. I looked back at them and Donna leaned up abruptly, plastering her lips onto his. It caught him off guard and he let go of her waist. The force of her kiss caused his baseball cap to fall off, and that was enough to break the moment. James pulled away, laughing while eyeing the rest of the Kings as they egged him on. Donna was oblivious to all of their banter, too busy raking her fingers through his messy hair, trying to smooth it out.
Bi-otch.
As they searched for his baseball cap on the floor, James looked up and met my eyes. I quickly looked away, pretending I wasn’t just watching something stomach churning. 
Having had enough of the whole moment, I dashed away and found Jenna scowling with her hands on her hips. 
“What are you doing?” Jenna asked, eyes narrowed. 
I should just come clean.
I sighed. “I was just caught off guard. He was making out with her right on the dance floor.”
Her eyes softened. “It caught you off guard?”
I nodded. “Yes, can you understand that?”
She looked at the dance floor, then back at me. “Yeah, okay. But just try and steer clear of him. He turns your brain cells into mush whenever you’re too close to him.”
I nodded and glanced back at the dance floor. My heart skipped a beat when I caught the back ends of Donna and James walking off the dance floor, her arm around his waist, and the worst bit, she had his baseball cap on.
Backwards.
That bi-otch.
I met Jenna’s eyes again and she nudged her shoulder hard into mine. “What am I going to do with you, my little love sick puppy of a best friend?” 
I gave her a small smile. “I’m not love sick, I’m just briefly affected. It’ll pass. I mean it has too…right?” 
“I hope so, for your sake.” Jenna murmured, looking concerned. 
I was getting tired of this. I was a human being, not a robot. I was going to make some mistakes, how come she didn’t get that? 
“Let’s go dance, I wanna dance.” Jenna exclaimed, all of a sudden hyper again. Her friends behind us agreed happily. She turned to me, waiting for me to agree as well. 
“I’m going to sit on the couch for a few seconds.” I told her and she narrowed her eyes again. “I’ll join you guys later, I just need to sit.” 
Jenna rolled her eyes. “Whatever girl, you know where to find me.” 
Great, now she’s tired of me too. 
I headed to the couches as Jenna and her crew entered the dance floor. I sat on the end of one couch and the other end had three people sitting closely, having a conversation about getting high. 
Now drugs… I really am at a high school party now.
As I chuckled to myself, I felt the cushion next to me sink in. 
“What’s so funny, cute girl?” A familiar voice whispered into my ear. I faced my side, finding Dean sitting very closely with a small smile on his face. 
I smiled back at him. “Nothing much, cute boy.” 
The term of endearment made him smile wider, and he leaned in closer. “Why are you sitting here all alone?”
“I’m just a little tired.” I told him. 
He looked confused. “Tired? Of what?”
“Of stuff.” I replied, adding nothing more. He didn’t press on the matter and nodded as if he understood. 
“I get it. I’ve been there. Sometimes you just need a breather. Did you want to be alone?” he asked hesitantly. 
He wasn’t bothering me. Well, not if you counted the butterflies in my stomach. 
I shook my head. “No, I’m fine with how things are.” 
Relieved, he smiled again. “That’s great. I’ll be honest with you. I’ve been eying you since you arrived.” 
“Really?”
He smiled sheepishly. “Yeah, I was pulling up with Dan and saw you and your friend walking up to the driveway. You guys were hitting each other but in a funny way. I was like I need to meet that girl, and the fact that you were really cute…. was a plus.” 
I turned away, feeling my face heat again, probably turning a deeper shade of crimson. He noticed me even before I’d entered the party? 
“Really?” I squeaked out again, unable to compress out a coherent sentence. 
Dean leaned in closer and whispered. “Yeah, really.” 
“That’s nice, sort of, I think.” I gulped. I was acting like an idiot. I needed to change the subject. Feeling a sense of deja view, I asked. “So baseball, right?” 
A huge smile broke across his face. “Yeah, I love that sport, love watching it. I could watch it for hours, and trust me it can go on for hours.”
“I’ll be honest. I don’t watch many sports, except for the odd swimming match.” I confessed. 
“You’d think most teenage girls wouldn’t be interested in baseball, but our games are always packed with screaming ladies.” Dean exclaimed knowingly, and here was the cockiness coming out.
“Oh, so you get a lot of the ladies as fans?” I teased, making him blink.
His head shook. “No, that’s not what I meant. I meant I do have some girls that are fans that like to come and watch us, but_”
“But what?” I interrupted him, teasing him more by pointing at random girls in the room. “Are any of your lady fans in here too?”
In the midst of smirking, he grasped my elbow softly. My face heated at the gesture. Our eyes connected and I pulled my arm back, which he was reluctant to let go of, but he did, one finger at a time.
“You’re cute.” Dean said with a half-smile. “And you’re funny.”
“Thank you.” I whispered, not knowing what else to say. “Um, you’re nice too.”
He leaned closer, smiling warmly. Maybe he’s drunk? 
“Well thanks.” he said animatedly, making me laugh at his delivery.
“You’re funny too.” I grinned. 
“Duh!” he blurted, funnily. Feeling all warm and fuzzy now, I rested my head against the couch cushion and eyed him. 
Maybe it was the punch? 
“Annabelle?” Dean whispered, leaning his head against the couch cushion next to me. 
“Yeah?” I replied softly, meeting his pretty blue eyes again. 
“Please tell me you don’t have a boyfriend?” Dean asked, sounding hopeful. 
I shook my head slowly, smiling. “I don’t have a boyfriend.” 
My answer turned Dean’s hesitant expression into a happy one. His handsome face lit up as if I just told him he’d won the lottery. 
Wow…. arrogant much, Annabelle! 
 “Best news I’ve heard in a while.” Dean said, his eyes lowering to my lips briefly.  
“Really?” I asked in disbelief. Was he serious? 
“Really.” He leaned closer, caressing the side of my face with the side of hand. 
“Dean?” I whispered, my face now resting in his palm. 
“Yeah?” he said breathily. 
“You’re nice you know that.” I told him softly. 
“Just nice?” he asked, his eyes hardening.
“Nice is good.” I replied, smiling. 
“Nice isn’t boring?” Dean asked, hesitantly. He curled his hand away from my face and I leaned back, shaking my head. 
“No, nice isn’t boring. In fact it’s a quality that’s actually redeemable. I’ll take nice over anything else any day of the week.” I explained seriously.
“Nice.” Dean whispered to himself, sounding bitter. He leaned farther away and inhaled deeply through his nostrils. 
Was he frustrated?
I needed to fix this, before I ruined whatever this was. 
“Well actually_” I began to say but stopped when Dean got up all of sudden.
No!
What did I do?
He was leaving!
He took a few steps forward before turning his head and meeting my eyes. “Nice talking with you, Annabelle.” 
He disappeared through the crowd, and I was left wondering what the hell just happened. I thought everything was going okay?
Was it because I called him nice? 
Honestly I didn’t think ‘nice’ was a bad thing to be called. 
Or was it? 
I guess maybe nice wasn’t the right word to call him? He probably wanted something more along the lines of wild and sexy, and all man. 
I mentally gave myself a ‘Nice’ slap across the forehead. 
Moron, you practically called him boring and dull. No wonder he walked away. 
Scowling and extremely pissed off at myself, I pushed off the couch and headed towards the refreshment table. 
I needed a drink.
Wow… I’m an alcoholic now! 
After waiting in line for a few minutes, the punch and I became well acquainted with one another again. I took the first sip of my fresh cup on my way back to Jenna and the rest of ‘her’ friends. 
The taste wasn’t as surprising as the first initial drop in my mouth. I was glad I’d adapted quickly to the taste. It was almost sour now. Like candy. I could do candy, easily. The liquid rushed down my mouth, spiking nerves inside of me, creating rushes of heat down the trail of my throat like I’d never felt before. A more carefree relaxed Annabelle was on the way. 
Would I be classified as a lightweight? 
I was getting buzzed already… or was I drunk already? 
Feeling energized in both legs, I found Jenna and her crew huddled together behind a crowd of couples talking, kissing and arguing with one another. 
“Hey guys!” I yelled at them happily, holding out the punch, signifying my active participation in this party. I was no Debbie downer and was about to get down like everyone else here was. Because after all that’s what parties were for, having fun and letting loose. 
I gazed at each individual face of Jenna’s crew, each giving me back surprised yet amused expressions. Once their eyes met the punch in my grasp, they understood the dramatic change in my party attitude. 
‘Annabelle’ was getting hammered, and they loved it! 
My eyes fell last on my best friend, whose entire face brightened at the realization that stuffy boring Annabelle was gone, and fun, wild, vibrant didn’t give a crapola Annabelle was here, ready to let it rip. 
“Welcome to the party Anna!” Jenna rejoiced loudly, grabbing her cup from the counter beside her. “Finally.” 

CHAPTER 12




The lights were dimmed again. Peter’s playlist blasted through speakers set up around the room. This was my first high school party, but even I knew when a sick song played, over excitement reigned supreme. My arm shot up along with everyone else’s, making waves on the dark dance floor. 
“Yeah Anna!” Jenna swirled, waving her arms into a sea of hands, pumping to the beat. She’s drunk and loving it. I laughed at her, but not in a judgmental way, but because I got it and that made me so freaking happy. 
I. 
Got.
It! 
Song after song, my body grew more fearless. After my second cup of special punch, worrying became irrelevant. The only thing that bothered me was a sudden over welling need to pee. I mouthed ‘bathroom’ to Jenna and danced my way off the floor, heading towards the bathroom. 
“I’m so drunk.” I chuckled to myself, stumbling down the empty hallway. How come no one else had to pee? I was a newbie to this whole scene and my bladder had much to learn about resilience. 
After knocking three times on the bathroom door with nobody answering, I opened it. There was nobody inside and just as I was about to breathe a sigh of relief, a pair of hands nudged me inside.
“Who’s doing that?” I gasped and the door lock snapped closed. I faced my culprit and my heart rate tripled with my eyes connecting with scowling green ones.
Round Two was it?
I gripped the edge of the vanity table. “What do you think you’re doing?” 
Instead of answering, James leaned against the door with his strong tanned arms folded across his chest. He glared hard at me, capturing my stare and stalling me from questioning him further.
For a few seconds at least...
“Stop staring at me.” I wasn’t regular Annabelle right now, I was drunk, and drunken Annabelle was about to get loud. The alcohol made me brave. I felt it coursing through my veins, aiding my brain, telling it to tell James to go and screw himself.
 “You’ve got a lot of nerve, pushing me in here, locking the door, and you don’t even have the balls to say anything.” I hissed. 
“Did you have fun?” James snipped, making me feel like I was being accused. 
“Depends, what you mean?” I sneered, wondering if he meant having fun with Dean?
“I saw you.” he accused. 
Yep, totally saw me with Dean. 
I cocked an eyebrow and jerked my chin at him in defiance. “And?” 
“Slow dancing with that pitcher and then letting him touch your face.” James growled, his jaw twitching. 
“And?” I pressed, sounding bored. 
“On the couch.” he reminded, pointing to the closed door. 
“Oh!” I drawled out. “You mean Dean. Yeah, I had a great time connecting with him. We have a lot in common.” 
“Oh yeah, like what?” he sneered, sounding like he didn’t believe me. God forbid anyone else be attracted to me. 
“Like, we’re both funny, and nice and we’re both cute.” I explained acidly, with a bitter smile. 
James’ nostrils flared. “Oh, so you think he’s cute now?” 
“Just told you that, didn’t you hear?” I slurred, holding the vanity tighter as my body began to sway slowly to the left. “Besides, why the hell are you interrogating me, you’re the guilty one!” 
“Me?” James eyes widened, surprised.
“Yeah, you!” I snapped. “Slow dancing…with Donna!”
“Oh, you caught that.” he said smugly, side smiling like he was so smart. 
 “I’m not blind, asshole.” I hissed. “You kissed her in front of everyone!” 
“Yeah, so I did. I’m allowed to,” he stated arrogantly. 
He was allowed to? 
I blinked at him, a little stunned. 
“Then what the hell am I doing locked in a bathroom with you?” I asked him quietly, slowly. 
Silence
“Why did you push me in here?” I continued quietly. 
Silence.
After staring at each other for a minute too long, I had to get something off my chest that’s been bothering me for the past two weeks.
“Is this how you treat everyone you share personal stuff with?” I gave him disappointed eyes and kept going. “You told me things…. I told you things… I thought we connected.” 
“We did.” he whispered and pushed off the door to stand in front of me.
“Let’s just forget about that night and move on like we don’t know each other.” I sighed, closing my eyes with my head down. 
“That’s never going to happen.” He grabbed my shoulder and my head snapped up. “Let’s go out tomorrow.” 
“No.” I yanked out of his grasp.
He grabbed me again. “Yes.”
“No.” I snapped, struggling to break free, not that I was trying that hard to break free, considering I was still drunk.
“Yes.” he declared again. 
I gave up trying to break free of him and leaned back against the vanity. “Why don’t you go out with Donna tomorrow instead? I’m sure she’d love to go out with you.” 
He jerked his chin back, looking confused. “Donna?” 
“You made out with her in front of everyone.” I snapped.
“It just happened. She’s been all over me tonight, what was I supposed to do?” he exclaimed, like he had no other option but to concede to her.
“I don’t care.” I clipped, looking away. 
“You’re a liar, you care.” he stated, his voice dipping low.
 I gazed back at him. “I don’t.”
He scoffed. “You do, otherwise you wouldn’t be this upset.”
“Whatever.” I murmured, rolling my eyes. 
Silence
“You like this Dean guy now?” he asked all of a sudden. 
“Why do you care?” I murmured, not looking at him. 
He delicately tilted my chin upwards so I was looking at him again. “Answer me?”
“I barely know him.” I answered, feeling drained. 
James exhaled a relieved breath. “Then go out with me tomorrow.” 
 I exhaled. “You really don’t like Donna?” 
“If I wanted her do you think I’d be in here with you now?” James explained. “And besides whatever that girl’s offering, trust me, I could have had it a hundred times by now.” 
“Gross.” I cringed, leaning away as a reflex but he gripped me firmer, stopping me. 
He leaned in, looking deep into my eyes. “I didn’t though, that should count for something, right?”
“You didn’t call me for two weeks.” I accused, shaking my head. 
“You didn’t call me either,” he reminded. 
He was right, I didn’t. 
I guess I was just as guilty. 
James continued. “And besides…. things were a mess at home.”  
“With your dad, again?” I asked, feeling like shit that he had to deal with his dad’s anger.
He nodded slowly and caressed my face, making me feel… feel.
I exhaled deeply. “What do you want from me James?”
 “For you to say yes. I care about you,” he declared. “And I’ll never forget that day.” 
I stayed silent, but my heart raced like crazy and I knew it wasn’t because I was drunk, it was because of him, right here, in front of me inches away.
“I don’t tell my shit to just anyone,” he explained, staring deep into my eyes. “But, you’re not just anyone and…. don’t you care about me too?”
I nodded slowly. 
The truth was spilling out like a volcano erupting, destruction be damned.  
“Spend time with me tomorrow?” he asked again. 
“Okay.” I exhaled, giving in to him. I wanted whatever ‘this’ was. 
He rested his forehead against mine and closed his eyes. “Okay?”
“Yeah, okay.” I answered, closing my eyes too. 
James breathed a sigh of relief. “Damn…. Fireball, finally, gave a guy a break.” 
I stifled my eager smile. “I wasn’t going to make it easier for you.” 
He chuckled lightly. “Oh yeah?” 
“Yeah,” I exclaimed, giving him a small smile. “How else were you going to learn how to not act like an asshole?” 
“Don’t talk like that to me, it turns me on.” He smirked, leaning in to kiss my cheek. 
“Shut up.” I murmured, as he pulled his warm lips away and grabbed my hand, kissing the palm, turning my stomach into an aquarium. 
“Come here,” he ordered, pulling me into his warm embrace. My face against his firm chest, taking in his cologne, body scent…. everything. I was blaming the alcohol for that one. 
“Are you smelling me?” James asked, clearly amused. Then he sighed, sounding content and began chuckling. “You love smelling a God, don’t you? I don’t blame you.”
“Shut up.” I chuckled against him, kicking his leg playfully. 
“You look so good tonight.” James murmured into my hair. “You’re so sexy, and nice, and beautiful, and everything. You’re everything.”
“Shut up.” I murmured, burying myself deeper into him, embarrassed at his endless amounts of compliments. He tilted my head back and stared deep into my eyes for a second before they lowered to my lips. I knew what was going to come next. 
The kissing.
But as I stared at his beautiful lips, I remembered they were plastered on Donna’s not too long ago. 
“I’m sorry.” I let go and pulled back before he could kiss me. “I’m drunk right now.” 
“Alright.” James sighed, looking away, clearly frustrated that I didn’t allow things to progress. 
I was about to have Donna’s sloppy seconds. 
Didn’t he get that? 
“I’m not going to kiss you.” I smirked and his eyes widened. 
His jaw dropped. “Ever?” 
I stifled a smile, trying to be serious. “No, but my lips are not going to touch yours, not when you’ve got some other girl’s lips still on you. If you ever want to kiss me again, your lips better be clean.” 
James pretended to think for a second before smiling sneakily. “What about my grandma?”
I narrowed my eyes at him. “What about your grandma?” 
“Well, she likes to kiss my entire face, does she count too?” He laughed. 
“James!” I screeched, appalled. “Be serious.” 
He stopped laughing and pulled me back where I belonged, plastered against him. “Hmmm.” 
“What?” I murmured against him, feeling warm all over. 
“You’re funny,” James sighed.
Dean said the same thing. 
“And cute.” James continued. 
Dean said that too. 
“And nice.” James kept going. 
I said that to Dean, which he didn’t take too well to. I kind of get why now. 
“That’s great, I’m nice.” I said, sarcastically. 
“I like nice, a whole lot more than angry bitch.” James stated. 
“Then don’t be an asshole, and I won’t have to be an angry bitch. It’s simple.” I explained.
He hugged me tighter. “Okay, deal.” 
“Good.” I said, tightening my arms around him.
“I like you a lot, you know that?” James murmured, making my head spin in a euphoric ‘wow this is really happening to me’ kind of way. 
I tucked myself further into him and mumbled. “I like you, too.”
“Tomorrow, it’s me and you.” James rubbed his hand across my back. My back tingled at his touch and in response my feelings towards not kissing him dimmed. 
A little kiss…. wouldn’t kill anybody and he probably drank some punch, the alcohol would have cleaned his lips of Donna’s DNA, for sure. 
But I had to stay strong. 
Tomorrow he’d be completely fresh after a shower and a tooth brushing. 
“I think it’s time to go back to the party.” I said as my hands unconsciously began rubbing his lower back. 
“Guess so,” he hummed into the top of my head and then chuckled. “But if you keep rubbing my back like that, I’m going to need five minutes first.” 
“Why?” I asked, confused until my brain pieced it together and my arms dropped from around him. “James!” 
He laughed and turned around, adjusting the contents of his pants. 
“You should wash your hands too.” I ordered, feeling warmer in an embarrassed sort of way.
“Why? This is because of you.” He laughed, turning on the faucet, washing his hands and then holding them up for inspection. “Happy, baby?” 
My face burned, embarrassed at his confession. I grabbed his arm and unlocked the door, opening it. James halted in between the doorframe. 
“Where’s your phone now?” he asked. 
“Right here.” I patted my back pocket.
“Give it to me, please.” He held out his hand. 
I pulled my phone out of my back pocket and placed it in his palm. And before I knew it, his hand curled over mine while his other hand tapped away at the screen. “Don’t delete me again, Fireball.”
“We’ll see if you’re a good boy or not.” I said, trying to pull my hand back. “Now go.”
After giving it one last warm squeeze, my hand was returned along with my phone. 
After James exited the hallway, I closed the door and leaned against it, taking deep breaths with my eyes closed. My heart palpitated… and I wished it wouldn’t, because being affected like this was the worst kind of dangerous. 
It was a heart and soul kind of dangerous…. and I’d been there before, way back forever ago at fourteen years old. 

CHAPTER 13


Saturday September 8th 2012

My eyelids fluttered open at the sound of someone slapping their car door shut. I twisted out of the sleeping bag I slept in last night in Jenna’s room. It was nearly seven in the morning and the sun was in the process of rising. Yawning, I stretched my joints, which still ached from dancing all last night. 
Okay well not all night. We left the party around 1:30am and got to Jenna’s house around 2am. I completely forgot that I had to work this morning and knowing that I needed the money, there was no way I was going to call in sick. 
I glanced out her window for a second, taking in the new morning breeze, hoping it would instill some life into me. I felt like a zombie. Having to go to work with less than five hours of sleep was going to suck.
“Lucky bi-otch.” I whispered at the sleeping beauty, sprawled sideways across her bed, looking peaceful. Jealousy reigned supreme. She got to sleep in and I didn’t. 
After using her bathroom, I woke her up and said goodbye. She gave me a muffled cast off and a lazy fling of an arm, which made me laugh. Summer time swim practice extended into the weekend and this was the first Saturday where Jenna didn’t have practice. She was going to sleep in no matter what.
Still jealous though.  
It took me fifteen minutes to get home. Crossing the threshold, the entire house was silent. Katherine and Charles were still at their friends’ houses, and Mom and Dad were probably relishing in a childless house for once in a long time.
I hope to God that they’re sleeping right now. I prayed, going up the stairs as quietly as possible. I wanted to get my stuff and be out as fast as possible. Still in my party clothes from last night, I didn’t need an interrogation from Mom about what I actually did last night. I quickly changed into my uniform and then grabbed a shirt for later. 
James wanted to take me out today, but he didn’t say when and where. I sent him a quick text about working at the club till 2pm. 
I exited my room to an empty hallway. Mom and Dad were still sleeping. Thank God. I slipped out without a trace, but stalled in front of my bike. 
Should I take it just in case? 

*~*~*

Thirty minutes after my shift ended, I waited on a bench in front of the club with no word from James. Tired as I was, that didn’t stop every angry emotion under the sun from consuming me. My mind was telling me she told me so and that I should have seen this coming. What sucked even more was that I didn’t take my bike, choosing to walk, thinking that James would drive me home instead. 
My phone chimed and my heart jumped, hoping it was…. 

Tiger: Hey, I just got your message. Was passed out till about five minutes ago, I’m sorry baby! Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. I’m coming now.

Annabelle: it’s fine. So now what?

Tiger: Now we go out, wait for me at the club, I’m coming now!

His apology instantly cleared part of the fire I had roaring inside of me. He probably came in late last night and had slept in, considering he didn’t have a job that he needed to wake up for like I did. The fact that he didn’t respond to my earlier text was making sense now. It made me feel a hundred times better knowing that I wasn’t being stood up.
I glanced down at my outfit. Flared blue jeans and a red t-shirt that went over my hips, along with black Chucks. 
In no time, a horn honked, startling me. I faced the black SUV driving up, restraining myself from looking like an overjoyed idiot.
Play it cool, don’t make it obvious that he controls your happiness. I ordered myself as the SUV parked right in front of me. The window rolled down and James smiled at me with black sunglasses on. 
“Hi.” he said softly as I came up to the door.
“Hi.” I said back. 
“My lips are all clean.” James smirked. 

*~*~*

James drove us to Mark Theaters, the same one we first saw a movie together. 
“You know what this is?” he asked, looking at the theater through the windshield. 
“The first theater we saw a movie at together.” I faced him and answered. 
“Our first date.” he answered instead and my heart nearly popped out of my chest. 
“That was a date?” I asked, containing my idiot lovesick reaction to a small smile. 
“It wasn’t in the beginning, but in the end it was.” he reminded. 
“So, what’s this now?” I sighed, leaning my head against the seat. 
“This is our second date.” He gave me a sideways smile and reached over for my hand, which I gladly gave him. 
“Are we going to watch a movie?” I asked. 
“Yep, if that’s okay with you, I love movies.” he answered, squeezing my hand.
I sighed. “So do I.” 
He got out of the car and I fumbled with my seat belt, trying to get it off so I could get this date started. I finally unbuckled and climbed out, the movie theater in full view as I shut the door. On our way inside the building, James took my hand and brought it to his mouth, giving my palm a soft kiss. 
Feeling his kiss everywhere, my body felt like it was going crazy, but in a good way. I stared at him with stars in my eyes, not caring if I was being obvious anymore. He was here, with me and that’s all that mattered.
Ugh… cheesy much Annabelle!

*~*~*

Three hours later… 
The movie ended forty minutes ago, and it was a ten-minute drive to my house from the theater, so yeah…
“You’re cute, you know that.” James murmured, pressing his soft lips against mine.
“Thanks, I think.” I murmured as he kissed me like crazy, raking his fingers through my hair, among other places. 
I didn’t want to let go, but I had to. I was late. 
I texted Mom earlier, telling her that my shift was going to run late today because someone had called in sick and that I’d be home around 5pm. She fell for it, but not without another beautiful reminder to maintain my calories if I decided to eat anything. 
I didn’t do that either. James and I shared a medium bucket of popcorn and a cola. He ate and drank most of it, which was fine by me. 
“James.” I murmured again in his lips. “I’ve got to go.” 
He pulled back slowly, looking disappointed. “Really?”
I nodded. “Yeah, my parents are expecting me.”
“Alright.” He exhaled and took off his cap, exposing his messy hair. 
“I really like hanging out with you.” I told him slowly. 
He smiled. “I really like hanging out with you too.” 
Taking a deep breath, I continued. “Are you going to be watching movies with anybody else?”
He took a few seconds before answering. “Are you?”
“No.” I shook my head. 
“Then I’m not either,” he answered, firmly. 
I grinned, overjoyed. “Alright then, it’s settled.” 
“Fireball?” he whispered, looking deep into my eyes.  
“Yeah.” I responded softly, smoothing his wavy hair away from his eyes. 
He gave me a sweet smile and said. “You’re cute you know that.” 
After one last kiss goodbye, I miserably, horribly, tragically left the comfort and heat of his touch, exiting the car and making my way depressingly back home, back to Mom, back to life, back to calorie counting and constant interrogation. 
I unlocked the front door and entered my house. 
“Annabelle, you’re home?” Mom yelled from the kitchen. 
“Yep.” I yelled back, kicking off my shoes.
“Come to the kitchen, we’ll have some girl talk time and you can help me with dinner.” she ordered. 
“I’m going to change first and then I’ll come.” I yelled and ran up the stairs, feeling a crazy interrogation coming my way. She didn’t make my lunch today and she’d want to know every detail about what entered my mouth and how many calories I had burned. I quit wearing that stupid calorie counting watch last Thursday. There was no way I was going to wear it to school or anywhere else. Mom didn’t know yet. Yesterday I kind of dodged telling her. I wished I didn’t have to tell her. I was practically an adult, and if I didn’t want to wear a stupid calorie counting watch than I shouldn’t have to. 
I had rights…kind of. 
As I entered my room, my phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text. I checked the screen and despite the kitchen about to become a battle scene in a few minutes… the look of misery on my face vanished into a happy one. 

Tiger: The night ended too early.

Annabelle: Yes it did.

Tiger: I’m all alone tonight Fireball. I’ll be thinking about you, in the shower, on my bed, in my dreams.

Annabelle: Thinking about me doing what?

Tiger: Everything.

Annabelle: Everything?

Tiger: Everything. You think about me?

Annabelle: Yeah.

Tiger: Doing what?

Annabelle: Everything.

Tiger: I wish you were coming home with me tonight, thinking sucks. Real is better.

Annabelle: That sounds…

Tiger: Too fast?

Annabelle: No, it sounds crazy.

Tiger: Crazy good?

Annabelle: Yeah, crazy good.

*~*~*

Mom actually twitched when I announced I would no longer be wearing that watch. We went back and forth while she prepped dinner, roast chicken and potatoes, while I diced lettuce (which was probably for me). 
The argument was going nowhere, but neither Mom nor I were giving in. Even Dad stormed out of the basement (by the way, my parents were accountants) and told us to quit it. The kitchen grew silent, Dad returned to the basement and I finished chopping lettuce. 
I almost thought things were going to be okay, but as usual Mom couldn’t concede, not when she just felt so strongly about something. She had to get hers… somehow.
As we all sat down for dinner, she thought she was being so smart, serving our plates in the kitchen and bringing them out to the dinner table. Roast chicken and potatoes, set neatly on the plate for each member of my family, except for me. I got a bare plate and the salad I chopped in a huge bowl placed in front of me, along with a white wine vinegar and olive oil mixture in a gravy dish. 
“Have as much salad and dressing as you want, Annabelle.” Mom beamed behind her steaming plate of food.
I wanted to bark out laughing, like I’d finally been driven to madness by her ridiculousness. But instead I chose to retaliate. Mom wouldn’t be victorious at dinner wars, not this time. 
I cleared my throat. “A well balanced diet needs protein, no? I know for a fact that’s what the nutritionist said.” 
Mom’s jaw dropped and Dad stared at her for confirmation. Charles and Katherine ate their food, oblivious to what was about to happen. Without waiting for her approval, I grabbed my bare plate and headed into the kitchen.
“Where are you going?” Mom panicked, getting out of her chair. 
“To get me some protein.” I grinned and sliced through roast chicken while Mom screeched to deaf ears behind me.
And so the rebellion continued, with a point to Annabelle Simms, victor of the roast chicken battle. 

*~*~*

Sunday September 9th 2012

Tiger: Hey Beautiful.

Annabelle: Hey you!

Tiger: How’s your day going?

Annabelle: Same day, same crap. How’s ur day going?

Tiger: It could have been better. Wish you were here with me now.

Annabelle: Me too, I wish I was with you now too.

Tiger: Actually you wouldn’t want to be near me right now. Not in the best of moods. My Dad came home with his family from their cottage, he’s been screaming his head off.

Annabelle: I’m sorry you have to go through that shit. What’s he complaining about.

Tiger: You’re like this! You’re not enough like that! Why can’t you be more like me! Scouts in this part of the country don’t notice pussy boys like you… blah blah, same old, same old.

Annabelle: Sorry, that’s fucking horrible. I hate that you have to go through that. Let’s meet up. Please.

Tiger: It is fucking horrible. I wish I could meet you somewhere. Hugging you would make everything better. But I have to meet up with the guys from the baseball team. Our coach wants us to bond.

Annabelle: Okay. I hope you feel better. I’ll see you tomorrow, Tiger.

Tiger: You’re cute you know that... until tomorrow then, Fireball.

CHAPTER 14


Monday September 10th 2012

 “Did you hear?” 
A whisper echoed in the hallway Monday morning, making the back of my head tingle. I lowered my backpack to the ground, pretending to search through it as I waited to hear news that had everyone’s interest. 
 “Donna!” 
My heart picked up in speed at the sound of her name. Her name was associated with someone else’s. Everyone knew she was out on the hunt for James. 
“Hooked up!”
A small bead of sweat broke out on my forehead. The curiosity was killing me now. I slammed my locker shut, the hallway behind me overcrowding by the second, class was going to start in ten minutes. 
“She hooked up with who?”
“The new guy on the baseball team?”
“What’s his name again, the really cute one right?”
“James, I think.” 
“When?”
“Last night, the baseball team had a little party out on one of the fields at the park.” 
Feeling nauseous, I crossed the hallway, zigzagging around everyone in my way towards the washroom. I entered inside and thanked God that it was empty. I entered the stall furthest from the entrance, kneeled in front of the toilet and dry heaved. 

*~*~*

“Anna, where are you?” Jenna asked, sounding worried through the receiver. 
After dry heaving in the washroom, and then deciding that there was no way I could face James, I waited for the bell to ring and the hallway to clear before leaving the premises. I called Mom, telling her that my stomach was hurting and that I was coming home. Not that it was really a lie, because I was feeling horrible. Wasn’t heartbreak a form of sickness anyways, if not worse than an actual stomach bug? 
I sighed quietly and answered her. “I’m not feeling good right now. I think I have a stomach bug.”
Silence
“Really?” she asked, the disbelief in her voice obvious.
I couldn’t lie to her again.
“No.” I confessed.
“I figured. It’s him again?” she asked, surprisingly without a trace of bitterness considering I kept the truth from her again. 
“I’m sorry.” I said quietly, feeling ashamed.
Jenna chuckled. “What am I going to do with you, my little love sick best friend? Don’t worry, you don’t have to say what happened right now.”
I breathed a sigh of relief. “Thanks.”
“But to be honest I kind of figured something involving him happened.” she confessed.
“How?” I asked, confused.
“Because he keeps taking peeks at my table. Oh and there he goes again, should I wave?”
My eyes widened and I shot into a sitting position. “No!”
“How about the finger, can I give him that?” she offered, almost jokingly. 
She wasn’t joking.
“I’ll deal with it, don’t worry.” I muttered, lowering my head back on to the pillow. 
There was a soft knock on my door. 
“Anna, can I come in?” Mom called from behind my closed door. 
“My mom’s knocking on the door, can we talk later?”
“Call me later for sure. I need to know exactly what happened?” Jenna ordered. 
“Alright.” I hung up and called to the door. “Yeah.”
Mom entered in with a tray. “I brought you some soup.”
“Thanks.” I told her, sitting up on my bed. 
She lowered the tray down in front of my folded legs and sat on my bed. “It’s just some chicken noodle, nothing crazy calorie wise.”
As I leaned over and picked up the bowl, Mom placed the back of her hand against my forehead, taking me by surprise. Where did this motherly compassion come from? 
“You do feel a bit clammy, finish the bowl and rest,” she ordered. I nodded in a daze and she left the room without another word. My phone vibrated on my bed. My heart sped noticing the caller I.D, Tiger’s name highlighted on the screen. Taking a deep breath, I pressed ignore and texted Jenna instead.

Annabelle: Let’s meet up after school.

*~*~*

We met at a park in-between our houses. Children were running around, screaming and laughing while playing tag. I remembered that used to be Jenna and me, back when things were simple and easy, and no boys to disease our brains…. well disease my brain.
 “So, spill.” Jenna ordered as we sat down on a park bench, ten feet away from a water fountain. Taking a breath, I explained what happened at the party, and then what happened on Saturday on our date, then the rumors from this morning about what really happened last night. 
I sighed and continued. “At the end of our date, we decided that going to the movies was going to be our thing from now on. On Sunday, we texted for a bit, I wanted to hang out with him, but he said he had to bond with his team instead.”
Jenna snorted. “Well damn, I didn’t know Donna and the entire ‘hot’ girl crew were on the baseball team too?” 
“Yeah.” I murmured. “Must have missed the memo about the baseball team being co-ed this year.”  
My best friend for life was surprising me yet again, sitting beside me, being cool about everything. 
Jenna cleared her throat. “Anna, why is that guy waving at us?”
I glanced up, squinting through the sunshine as the person coming towards us began to run. His height, blonde hair and cute face were familiar. 
Dean?
“Hey Anna!” Dean called almost in reach. “Thought that was you.”
“Hey Dean.” I called back, shocked. “Um, this is my best friend Jenna.” 
“Hey Jenna, I’m Dean.” he said, slowing down to a walk. He stretched out his hand to her.
“Nice to meet you.” Jenna shook his hand. “You’re from Peter’s party right?”
“Yeah, but I kind of screwed up there with Anna in the end.” Dean confessed breathily, taking a seat beside me on the bench. 
I felt my face beginning to heat up. Dean thought he was the one who screwed up.
“Why, what did you do to my friend?” Jenna accused, jokingly. She got up and began walking backwards down the field. “I’m going to get a drink of water. I’ll be back in ten minutes. Dean, you have until that time to fix this.” 
Dean laughed and saluted her. “Got it chief!” 
There was silence as we watched Jenna stalk across the field to the water fountain. She’s an amazing friend, especially because there was a water fountain right beside us. 
“Anna?” Dean murmured. “I’m sorry.”
“Why are you sorry?” I asked, looking at the grass. 
“For the way I left things at the party.” he explained softly. 
I looked up from the grass, facing him. “Why did you just get up and leave like that? I thought we were having a good time?”
“We were, but then you kept calling me nice, and I drank a few too many cups of that punch and it was kicking in. You kept calling me nice and it was rubbing me the wrong way.” Dean confessed, kicking at the grass. 
“What’s wrong with nice?” I asked, confused. 
“Anna, a guy doesn’t want to hear he’s being really ‘nice’ from the girl he likes.” Dean laughed bitterly. 
I froze. 
“You like me?” I murmured in disbelief.
He didn’t look up from the grass. “Couldn’t you tell, I practically followed you to the couch.”
I leaned closer. “Really?”
He looked up from the grass and our eyes met. “Yeah, I think you’re funny, cute… and amazing.” 
“That’s so… not nice.” I told him, cringing as I almost blew it again. 
Dean laughed out loud. “Hilarious!” 
I heard Dean’s name being called from down the field. I followed the sounds to a group of guys with baseball bats and catchers mitts. They were waving, trying to get his attention. 
“I think that’s for you.” Jerking my chin at them. 
“Yeah, came here with some friends to play some ball, the field here is nice.” Dean explained, getting off the bench. He turned and faced down at me. “Anna, can we start over?”
But…. what about James? 
Forget him, he’s not worth it.
I nodded. “I’d like that.” 
“Can I put my number in your phone?” he asked, looking hopeful. 
“Okay.” I handed him my phone and he quickly tapped at the screen before handing it back to me.
“I’m going to call you, for sure.” He side smiled, walking backwards to his friends.
“You’d better.” I said back. He gave me one last smile before turning around and running back to his buddies.
Wow, did that just happened…. goodbye James, hello Dean… again. 
“Well?” Jenna called from a distance. I shot out two thumbs up and a huge smile broke across her face as she ran the rest of the way.
“Tell me exactly what happened!” she screeched excitedly, plopping breathlessly next to me.
In a matter of minutes, I had gone from miserable and scorned to happy and carefree. These boys had power, and whether it was used for good or bad, I had to stay in control and not let them use it over me.

CHAPTER 15




The truth was…. I was scared out of my mind. 
Last night, nothing might have happened between Donna and James, but it was just easier for me to think something did. Besides, wasn’t it a matter of time before James realized who he was wasting his time with and left for someone better, like Donna?
Self esteem problems here (pointing at myself right now). 
I.
Have.
Problems!
Anyways, moving past that, Jenna and I hung out at the park for another twenty minutes. She went home to rest, and on my way home, my phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text. 
It was Jenna. 

Jenna: Oh Anna, it seems somebody was actually very busy last Sunday.

Annabelle: What are you talking about?

Jenna: I’m on Latisha’s Facebook. She put up pictures from last Sunday night, you know their little get together.

I opened Latisha’s Facebook page on my phone. There was a picture of everyone enjoying that night, and in the background was Donna… sitting on James’ lap with his arms around her waist and his chin resting on her shoulder. She was slumped into him, and they were both smiling at the camera.
So this…. was how it really was.
Instead of hanging out with me last Sunday, he had Miss Queen ‘B’ sitting on his lap, taking pictures together. I inhaled a deep breath and looked away from the screen.
My phone vibrated in my hand, chiming with an incoming text. 

Tiger: Why won’t you answer my calls?

Tiger: So now you aren’t going to answer my texts. Real nice. We need to talk.

Annabelle: What’s there to talk about? I know what you’ve been doing behind my back. It’s online.

Tiger: I haven’t done anything!

Annabelle: I’m not an idiot. I heard about last night, your little party with DONNA and her friends. There’s a picture of you with her sitting on your lap and your head on her shoulder.

Tiger: I don’t want her!

Annabelle: I don’t believe you…. just go be with her and leave me alone!

Tiger: Stop acting like this. Donna and her friends just showed up. They weren’t supposed to be there.

Anna: Just GO be with her. I’m not right for you. And whether you want to be with her or not, I don’t care anymore.

Tiger: You don’t care anymore…

Annabelle: Yeah, that’s right. I don’t care anymore. All you do is play with my feelings.

Tiger: You know what…I don’t need this too. You have no idea what kind of stress I’m under. I get enough shit at home and at practice, I don’t need it from anyone else. Forget this.

Annabelle: BYE

Fuming, I tucked my phone back into my pocket and headed down the sidewalk. My pocket vibrated again and I yanked the phone out, ready for round two only to be surprised when Dean’s name was on my screen instead. 

Dean: Hi, what are you doing now?

Annabelle: I’m walking home, u playing baseball now?

Dean: Taking a break…. thinking about you.

Annabelle: Really?

Dean: Yeah, I can’t stop thinking about your cute face.

Annabelle: Thanks…..

Dean: Anna, you want to go out tonight?

Annabelle: Okay, where, what time?

Dean: I’ll pick you up at 6pm, is that good?

Annabelle: I’ll text my address.

Dean: Can’t wait.

Annabelle: Me too!

I had a date to get ready for!
I rushed home, ready with a story to help get me out of the house tonight, hopefully interrogation free. 
The front door shut behind me. One shoe knocked off, the second slipping off just as Mom walked out of the kitchen, wiping her hands with a towel. “How do you feel?”
I gave her a small smile. “Yeah, I just needed to walk, the exercise really helped.” 
“Really!” Mom squealed, like it’s the best news she’s ever heard. “I’m so happy. You see Anna, treat your body right and everything will be okay.”
“Yeah, that’s right. Anyways, can I go to Jenna’s house? She has all my homework and notes from today.” I explained. 
Mom thought about it for a second before replying. “What about dinner?”
“I’ll eat at her house and I’ll make sure it’s within my calories.” I promised.
Mom thought about it again for a few seconds before replying. “Alright, but be home before ten, it’s a school night.”
“Yeah, for sure.” I responded excitedly and rushed up the stairs to my room, skipping steps along the way. 

*~*~*

I weighed myself before leaving the house, and the scale blinked 161lbs…. 
The loss was evident in my waistline, but celebrating was the last thing I wanted to do. Most of my pants were barely fitting me anymore. I’d scoured my closet, settling on a pair of flared black jeans, and a dark purple tank top that hadn’t fit for the last two years, but somehow today after sliding it on, it did. 
I waited on the curb a block away from my house. I gave Dean my address, sort of. A horn honked behind me, I turned and a black Honda drove to a stop in front of me. The driver’s window rolled down, revealing a smiling Dean. “Hey, cutie.” 
“Hey, you.” I said back, a smile on my face as I rounded the car to the passenger side. Inside with my seatbelt on, I faced him. “Cool car.”
“Thanks, I saved up to buy it.” he informed happily. “You look really good.”
“Thanks,” I told him, eyeing his fitted blue shirt, showcasing his strong build. “You look good too.”
When I met his eyes again, they were serious. 
I cleared my throat. “So, where are we going?” 
He smiled. “Do you like frozen yogurt?” 
I smiled and nodded. 
Oh yeah, I knew I liked him for a reason!

*~*~*

Dean took us to a self-serve frozen yogurt shop in a plaza twenty minutes from my house. We joked about our selections. He picked a crazy combination of flavours that I thought was odd, but he laughed it off saying I didn’t know what I was missing and that there was no wrong choice when it came to mingling frozen yogurt. 
Then he did something really nice after our bowls were weighed. 
He paid for mine. 
“Thanks.” I said as he took the receipt from the cashier. 
He turned back and smiled shyly. “No problem.” 
We took our bowls to the top floor balcony and sat at a table next to the railing overlooking the parking lot. I took my first spoonful, relishing the atmosphere. A girl could get used to this.
“You’ve got really nice skin.” Dean said all of a sudden, taking the spoon from his mouth. I gave him a shy smile. 
“Thank you?” I replied, unsure. 
I should give him a compliment now, anything but ‘nice’ though. I was going to remind myself of that a million times if I had to. I couldn’t screw this up like last time at Peter’s party. I needed to call him something sexy and manly. 
But I couldn’t call him a wild beast…. it was overboard.
“You’re cool.” I said slowly, as if I didn’t know if it made sense or not. I jerked slightly, feeling him caress my fingers. 
“Sorry,” he choked, pulling his hand away. 
“It’s okay.” I replied softly, slightly nervous. My heart was pounding at a mile a second. 
James who?
“James!” An annoying, familiar voice screamed out, making me jump. 
What!
I glanced over the railing and gasped quietly at a large black SUV parking. The windows were all the way down and the entire car was full of people. The car doors opened and its passengers spilled out, but most noticeably a certain auburn haired vixen, rolling her hips and poking her chest out as she stepped out of the passenger side seat.  
“James!” Donna screamed again, chasing him around the SUV. James skidded to a halt and Donna tried to hit his shoulder but he ducked. 
“You almost killed us!” she squealed, pouting her lips, putting her hands to her hips, and pumping her boobs out some more. 
“Those guys go to your school right?” Dean asked out of nowhere. I faced him and nodded. 
“Yeah.” I answered, not wanting to look back out to the parking lot. 
“Loud aren’t they?” Dean joked, making a funny face that screamed ‘they’re annoying’. 
“Yeah, they’re a loud bunch. You should see them before class starts in the mornings, they shout at the top of their lungs.” I explained, slumping into my seat and picking up my bowl. 
Dean laughed. “They’re attention seekers.”
“You said it.” I mumbled, putting a spoonful of cherry cheesecake frozen yogurt in my mouth. 
“What about him?” Dean asked, eying me seriously, all joking gone. 
“Who?” I pretended like I didn’t know whom he was asking about, but I had a feeling it was James. 
“The driver, what’s his name?” Dean asked. “I recognize him from Peter’s party.” 
I reluctantly glanced back out to the parking lot and eyed the loud crowd painfully. Taking a nervous breath, I faced Dean again. “Why do you think I’d know his name?”
“Because I saw you talk to him after we slow danced.” Dean confessed, looking away for a few seconds.
“His name is James. We used to work together at the country club, Royal Heights.” I explained, nonchalantly.
Dean looked relieved all of a sudden. “So you guys just worked together?”
“Yeah, why? Did you think that there was something between us?” I asked, trying not to gulp. 
Just act normal. Deny, deny, deny. 
“Yeah, at the party, I saw him grab your arm for a second, but you pulled back.” Dean said, swirling his spoon inside his bowl. 
“Yeah, he was just saying ‘hi’, but I think he was a little drunk.” I explained, fake laughing, trying to make it sound like it wasn’t a big deal.
It. 
Was. 
A. 
Very. 
Big. 
Deal!
“I want frozen yogurt!” A girl’s voice pleaded loudly from downstairs. My heartbeat picked up in speed. They could not walk in here, not that I was ashamed of being with Dean, but I did not want a confrontation with James. 
Things would get awkward, fast. 
“Let’s get pizza first.” One of the boys said. 
All of them agreed and my heart rate returned back to normal. But that meant I had a good ten minutes before they decided to come back to the frozen yogurt shop. The balcony was a great place to hang out and they’d probably come up here to enjoy their frozen yogurt. 
“Dean, you want to get out of here?” I asked, praying he’d say yes.
“What? We’re not done.” he said, looking confused and eying our half eaten bowls.
“We can go to a park and eat there.” I suggested, hopeful he would agree. “Please.”
He smiled. “Alright, just because you said please.” 
With our bowls in tow, we made our way out the store. Dean’s car was parked across from James’, and the pizza store was in direct line of sight. I ducked my head down. 
“Is everything okay?” Dean asked, walking beside me.
“Yeah, my neck hurts a little.” I explained, stretching my neck out to prove it. 
When we arrived at his car and stood in front of our respective doors, he smiled looking over the hood at me. “Maybe I can give it a massage?” 
My face felt like a thermometer about to burst. 
“Okay.” I answered quietly, shyly. 
We stared at one another, transfixed. For a moment, I forgot that James and his friends were in the pizza shop. If he turned to check his car now, he’d probably see us. Dean broke the connection and got into the driver’s side.  
Before getting in the car, I took a chance and glanced at the pizza shop. I jerked slightly in surprise, spotting someone leaning behind the window, glaring in my direction. 

*~*~*

At a local park, we sat on a bench and finished our bowls in peaceful silence. Dean took our empty bowls and threw them in the trashcan. He sat right beside me again, this time putting his arm over my shoulder.
“Thanks for coming out with me.” he murmured loud enough for me to hear, and close enough that I could feel his breath on my face. 
“You’re welcome.” I exhaled sharply, my heart racing from his touch. 
“Anna?” Dean murmured, close to my ear.
“Yeah.” I gulped. 
“You smell good,” he confessed. 
I laughed. “Thank you?”
“No really, you smell like coconut and honey.” Dean blurted out nervously. 
“I put some lotion on before coming out.” I informed him, grinning. 
He was so cute. 
“Dean?”
“Yeah.” he said breathily. 
I faced him. “It’s getting dark.”
He blinked. “You want to go home?”
“I don’t know, what do you want to do?” I asked him, curling my hands into my sweater jacket. It held my phone, wallet and keys. 
“We could go for a drive?” he suggested, smiling. “Actually there’s this thing at a baseball diamond near here. I told my buddies I wouldn’t be coming, but if you’re up for it, we could go and I can introduce you to some of my friends?” 
I nodded happily. “Okay, let’s go.” 

CHAPTER 16




When we pulled into the parking lot of O’Reilly’s, a park close to Pleasant View High, the sky had turned dark and the time was just past seven. I had a few hours before I needed to be home. 
“Are you going to play baseball again?” I asked Dean as he parked his car. 
He turned to me, placed a baseball cap on backwards, and smiled. “Is that okay?”
I nodded. “Yeah, I’ll watch.” 
“Thanks. This game was kind of set up a few days ago, but I canceled.” he confessed, pulling the key out of the ignition. 
“To go out with me?” I asked, slowly. 
“Yeah, it was worth it though. But now I get the best of both worlds.” Dean grinned. 
I smiled back. 
We exited the car and Dean quickly joined my side, taking my hand. The feeling of his skin on mine stirred a fire in my belly. Dean led me to a group of guys, all with backward baseball caps on, hanging out on the field. Their faces were overjoyed upon seeing him, thinking he wasn’t going to come.
“Guys, this is Annabelle.” Dean introduced. 
“Hey!” They all said, doing a little half wave. 
“Hi.” I said back, shyly. 
“You go to Royal Heights high?” One of them asked, readjusting his cap over his messy dark brown hair. 
“Yeah, you all go to Pleasant View High right?” I asked all of them. 
“Yep.” They all said in unison. 
I wished them a good game before Dean led me to a small sitting area. “Are you going to be okay here? I mean is this okay?”
I nodded and smiled to him. “It’s okay, I don’t mind sitting and watching.” 
Dean smiled as he reached over and squeezed my hand. “You’re cool you know that Anna?” 
“Duh.” I stated, feeling weird. Seriousness clouded Dean’s face and before I knew it, the back of my hand was pressed against his lips. 
“Dean.” I murmured, lost in his eyes. He lowered my hand, I sat down, and we stared at each other in silence. After a few seconds and without another word, he turned and ran back to his friends, joining their huddle. 
His kiss was sweet and warm, and… nice. But, it felt wrong and I wished it didn’t. 

*~*~*

After their opponents showed up, I watched Dean play ball for about an hour. It seemed more like a practice, but I was having a good time. Every so often Dean would wave at me with a smile. 
Everything was going great, that is until I felt the desperate urge to pee. I tried holding it for as long as I could, but my bladder wasn’t taking no for an answer anymore. Dean looked up as I got up. I pointed to the bathroom and he understood. 
I entered the public bathroom and waited in line for my turn at one of six stalls. After a slow moving line, I finally had my turn fifteen minutes later. The line behind me had progressed, so I did what I needed to do in record speed. 
After washing my hands and about to walk out, angry yells came from outside, halting me immediately at the exit. I peeked from the doorway and noticed more people on the baseball diamond than before. 
“Get off!” 
“We’re still playing here!”
Dean’s friend Joe was yelling. His arms flailed wildly with Dean holding him back. 
“Get off! We’re still playing here!” A familiar voice screeched out, clearly making fun of Joe. The crowd parted and I noticed a few girls hanging about. One of them looked really familiar as her auburn hair flew in the wind.
What’s she doing here? 
Donna and her crew of ‘hot’ girls stood behind the group of guys. The crowd spread apart, showcasing Joe’s opponent. Equally as tall, with a puffed out chest and a trouble-making persona, I couldn’t believe it. 
James was the one antagonizing Joe. 
Dean pulled Joe back again and whispered something in his ear. 
“What a bunch of pussies!” James yelled and then laughed along with his boys. Joe turned around, angry as hell.
“What did you call me bitch face!” he roared. 
“Joe, stop!” Dean yelled, trying to keep him still.
“Yeah Joe, stop!” James mimicked squeakily. Dean stood frozen, obviously shocked by James’ behavior. Joe used Dean’s shocked state to his advantage and charged towards James, who looked like he was ready to hit someone too. 
Donna and her crew squealed like idiots behind him. “Oh-my-God! James, No!”
Joe pushed James, barely making him move. James was strong. Dean and his boys quickly joined in, as did James’. They pushed and swung at each other while random people hanging about made a run for it. 
Oh my God! I couldn’t believe this was happening. I gazed at the definition of horror in front of me. There was no way, now way I could go out to that. I was staying in the safe bathroom. 
The girls were yelling and squealing. “Stop!” 
Police sirens rang loudly and that did it, the fight quickly broke up. Everyone scattered, running away before cops showed up and arrested them for fighting. James and his boys, plus Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew ran to their cars. Dean and his boys did the same. 
All their cars pulled out of the parking lot and minutes later a police car showed up. They wandered around, searching the area for any trouble. After a few minutes, the police left and I sighed in relief. With my heart rate back to normal and on step number five past the bathroom exit, I suddenly realized something horrible. 
Dean left without me. 

CHAPTER 17




Fifteen minutes into the long trek home, my phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text. 

Dean: oh my god Anna I’m so sorry! Where are you?

Annabelle: I’m okay, are you okay?

Dean: I’m okay, just a few bruises, that douchebag James guy started it!

Annabelle: He’s a hothead!

Dean: Where are you?

Annabelle: Oh I’m home already, I called my friend and she came and picked me up, I just got home.

Dean: I’m so sorry. I’m glad you got home safe.

Annabelle: No worries, anyways ttyl.

Dean: Okay…sorry again. I’ll text you later. K?

Annabelle: K. bye.

Dean: Cool, bye.

So… I lied to Dean about being home already. I wasn’t in the mood for company. I tucked my phone back into my jacket pocket, but it vibrated and chimed with another incoming text. 
I thought my conversation with Dean was over. 
When I glanced at the screen again, my jaw dropped. 
It wasn’t Dean. 
It was James. 
What did this asshole want now? 
He ruined my date!

Tiger: Where were you while we kicked the shit out of those pussies you were hanging out with?

Annabelle: What are you talking about?

Tiger: I saw you!

Annabelle: And?

Tiger: You choose that pussy over me!

Annabelle: What do you want?

Tiger: I want to know why?

Annabelle: I don’t have to explain myself to you, go and hang out with Donna!

Tiger: We went out as a group. I wasn’t out with just her!

Annabelle: Don’t care!

Tiger: You do!

Annabelle: Stop bothering me!

Tiger: Where were you?

Annabelle: Why do you care, you’re not my boyfriend!

Tiger: Stop it!

Annabelle: Stop what?

Tiger: Calm down!

Annabelle: Leave me alone, you proved who you are!

Tiger: I’m innocent you keep accusing me of things I didn’t do.

Annabelle: You’re a troublemaker and an asshole.

Tiger: Ahhh did I ruin your date….so sorry…...not!

Annabelle: That’s okay, I’m sure there’s going to be more where that came from. In fact I think he’s texting me right now!

Tiger: I’m going to kick the shit out of that kid!

Annabelle: No you’re not!

Tiger: The next time I see him, it’s going to be worse than tonight!

Annabelle: You will not!

Tiger: I will!

Annabelle: Why are you trying to ruin my life!

Tiger: I’m not, it’s you who’s doing all of this!

Annabelle: What am I doing? It’s you, you’re the liar!

Tiger: I didn’t lie about shit. For the millionth time they surprised us by showing up unannounced. They were taking pictures later on and she surprised me by sitting on my lap, what was I supposed to do, push her off? I would have looked like an asshole.

Annabelle: I don’t care.

Tiger: You care that’s why you’re angry.

Annabelle: From here on out I’m ignoring you!

Tiger: You can’t, I’m going to bother you until you crack!

Annabelle: We’ll see, you’re going to fail!

Tiger: You looked really cute tonight.

Annabelle: Stop it!

Tiger: It killed me seeing you with him. I wanted to run out of the restaurant and beat him right there.

Annabelle: Why? You’re not my boyfriend. You’re with Donna now.

Tiger: I don’t care about Donna. I care about you!

Annabelle: You said you had enough and that you didn’t need this!

Tiger: I was mad. I didn’t mean it.

Tiger: I saw your date run with his friends to their cars without you. Where were you?

Annabelle: I was hiding in the bathroom, the fight freaked me out, I waited till you guys left to leave.

Tiger: Where are you now? I’ll pick you up.

Annabelle: I want to walk, need time to think.

Tiger: Tell me where you are now!

Annabelle: I’m walking home. No more texting, bye!

I had bigger problems to worry about than James’ ego wound, like how I was going to get home within ninety minutes. Thankfully I had a bus app on my smartphone and there was a bus route a few streets down that went by my neighbourhood. 
I checked my wallet for change, breathing a sigh of relief when I found enough for a fare. Ten minutes later, I was crossing the street towards the bus stop when the roar of a car engine startled me. I gazed down the street where the noise was coming from and gasped at the Black SUV speeding my way. 
James? 
The SUV slowed down and rolled along the curb, coming to a stop in front of me. With the side of his face scratched and a little red, James got out of the car and stood in front of me. 
“What are you doing here?” I asked, lifelessly. 
He took my hand abruptly and because I had no energy to fight him off, I let him lead me to the passenger side door. But instead of opening the door he delicately nudged me against it and stood an inch away.
“You hate me, Fireball?” he asked, looking pained.   
I leaned the back of my head against his car and sighed with my eyes closed. “I don’t, Tiger.” 
James pulled me to the side, opened the passenger side door and guided me inside his car. He drove me home in silence, stopping a few houses down. The street was pitch black and void of people and cars. 
We were all alone.  
“Fireball?” he murmured and I faced him.
“Yeah, Tiger?” I murmured. 
“Today was not a good day,” he said, sadly. 
“You’re telling me.” I muttered, but then cleared my throat to say what I needed to. “I think I made a mistake earlier.” 
He reached over and grabbed my hand, pulling it into his lap. “Donna made that rumor up, I really didn’t hookup with her.” 
“Really?” I exhaled, my brown eyes absorbing beautiful, sad green ones. 
“Really.” James answered softly and grabbed me by the waist, pulling me closer to him. I circled my arms around his neck and he kissed me slowly on the lips. His lips felt soft  and soon enough, his kisses turned hungry, as if he thirsted for me. My sweater jacket was taken off and tossed somewhere in the car. 
“You know I’m crazy about you….” he panted in between passionate kisses, caressing my tank top from top to bottom. 
“Really?” I breathed, completely taken aback by his passion. 
“Baby, we belong together.” James exclaimed, resting his forehead against mine. Our hands stalled, aching to do everything.
“Everything?” he asked breathily, his fingers resting close to my breasts. 
“Everything.” I repeated breathily. 
He pulled back. “Let’s go in the back.”
I nodded and he went first, quickly sitting in the back seat with his arms stretched out, waiting for me. I squeezed through the gap and was in his arms and on his lap. His hand rested over my tank top, caressing my stomach. 
If this had happened a few weeks ago, I would have stopped him in fear of my belly shape distracting him. But since my stomach was a little flatter now, I couldn’t get enough of his touches, no matter where it was. I was actually more worried about someone peeping on us than anything.
“Someone could see.” I panted, turning in his lap and straddling him. 
“No one can see, baby.” James assured, grabbing the ends of my tank top and asking me with his eyes if it was okay.
In the midst of nodding, my shirt was pulled over my head, leaving me with just my black bra on. I grabbed the ends of his shirt and asked with my eyes if it was okay. He grinned and pecked me on the lips. I pulled his shirt over his head and dropped it on the floor next to my shirt. 
His fingers rested on my bra strap and he asked me using his eyes again if he could. Closing my eyes, I pressed my forehead against his and panted heavily. I took a minute, deciding if this was something I was ready to do. 
“Okay.” I finally said and my bra was unsnapped. He slipped it off my chest, down my arm, and placed it on top of our shirts, his eyes never leaving my bareness. 
“Gorgeous.” he whispered and kissed me on the lips briefly. “Let’s lye down.”
Lying down on our sides, stomach to stomach, James wrapped his arm around my waist, fitting both our bodies on the seat. 
“Hey.” he smiled, an inch from my smile. 
“Hi.” I said back. 
“I could do this forever,” he whispered, rubbing his nose against my nose. 
I sighed. “I wish we could, but I have to be home by ten.”
He smirked. “It’s like nine thirty.” 
“Really?” I asked, hoping it was the truth. I wanted as much time with him as possible. 
“I don’t know.” he said and then laughed. “I don’t care.”
“You don’t care?” I grinned, playing with his sweaty hair, smoothing it back.
He shook his head. “I wish we could sleep like this.”
“Being seventeen sucks right now.” I murmured, kissing his nose. “I’d give anything not to have to go home.” 
“You and me both, Fireball.” James closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against mine. “You’re all I think about, baby.”
“You’re all I think about.” I exhaled. “And I don’t know why. I feel like I’m moving too fast with you.”
“Yeah, well I feel like I’m waiting for a fall whenever I’m with you. One foot off the cliff, baby. At all times.” he said, gliding his hand down the length of my bare back. “Today was one of the worst days, Fireball.”
“I’m sorry, Tiger.” I sighed. “I overreacted. I lost it.”
“Me too.” he smirked. “I’ve been fighting all day. I get crazy when I’m jealous.”
“Me too…. hence the melt down this morning.” I chuckled quietly. 
He lifted himself up and pressed his lips against my jawline, gliding his tongue along my neckline, licking down to my breasts and devouring the surface with wet heat that had my heart palpitating dangerously. Warm crazy wild goodness took over. His hand glided down and rested on top of my jeans. He looked up from beneath my breast. “Everything?”
And not so reluctantly, I nodded again. I wanted to feel….
He unzipped my pants and glided his hand down there. “Only touching, baby, nothing else.”
“That’s good. I don’t particularly feel like losing my virginity in a car.” I sighed, my eyes rolling back when desired, delicate and soft met wild, rough and caring. 
James laughed against my stomach. “You’re funny.” 
“Thanks, I know.” I chuckled, raking my fingers with extreme passion through his hair, massaging it to a point where he needed to stop and allow himself to absorb what I was also giving him.  
“Fuck, that feels good.” he moaned with his lips finding their way back to my breasts, licking, sucking and devouring the surface with wet heat.
“Don’t stop,” I sighed, relaxed out of my mind until callused fingertips pushed aside my underwear and a rush of warm amazingness tortured my entire body. My head tilted back from shock. 
“That feels… don’t stop.” I moaned into the car seat. His fingers were pulling and pushing and twirling and digging, doing everything they were supposed to be doing in that moment. 
All of a sudden his fingers began moving faster and my heartbeats went along with it, raging against my ribs. I felt like I was about to burst into flames.
“Give me everything, baby.” I murmured, not knowing what was about to happen. Well I did know what was going to happen, I was going to have an orgasm. I’d had a few before, but this was something else, a little more intense to say the least. I moaned loudly, pulling his hair hard. His fingers dug in a little more and all of a sudden I was overcome with a startling feeling that literally took my breath away.
“Oh my God….” I whispered as everything went white. After a few more seconds, and when the mind numbing warm feeling began to dissipate, I slowly let go of his hair.
“Normally I don’t like it when girls grab my hair, but in your case, please do it again.” James chuckled against my stomach, kissing it lightly. 
“I’m sorry.” I panted, trying to calm my crazy heartbeats. 
“Don’t be, that was amazing.” He sat up, bringing me with him. “I’m happy you liked it.”
“I did.” I breathed, not bothering to cover myself up. I didn’t feel shy around him, not with what we just did. “What about you?”
He grinned. “What about me?” 
I reached over, grabbed his jean button, and unbuttoned it as he watched. “Fireball, it’s fine.” 
“No, it’s not.” I murmured, reaching inside his black boxers and squeezing his large manhood, which had his head rolling back. 
“Fuck.” he hissed. 
He caressed my breast as I stroked his manhood. It wasn’t long before he stopped my movements. “Where’s my shirt?”
I grabbed his shirt off the floor and gave it to him. He held it over his man part, tugging the last bit for himself, but not before grabbing me and pulling me forward. “Baby, I need your skin on me now.”
I pressed myself against him and kissed him with everything I had. A few seconds later, he pulled away from my lips and moaned, obviously releasing himself. After finishing, his body slumped into the seat and I raked my fingers through his sweaty hair, smoothing it back. I glanced around the car and every window was slightly steamed. 
This was the craziest thing I’d ever done…. but I wasn’t sorry. 
James gave me a lazy smile and I started chuckling. I noticed dry blood on the side of his lip, a tiny scratch beside it. I brushed my fingertips around it, wondering if his dried blood got on me in the midst of kissing before. “This was from the fight today?”
“Yeah, that’s the best they could do.” James said cockily, taking the dirty shirt off of his man parts. He scrunched it into a little ball and dropped it to the floor. 
James grabbed a spare shirt from a bag on the floor and pulled it on. I quickly put my bra and tank top back on. I turned, giving him my back and fixed my hair, feeling a little shy.
“Hey.” He delicately pulled my chin forward and kissed me softly on the lips, but pulled back after a second. “Fireball?”
“Yeah.” I responded softly against his mouth.
Giving me serious eyes, he continued. “Does this make sense now?”
“Yeah, it does.” I murmured. “For now.” 

CHAPTER 18


Tuesday September 11th 2012

Memories of last night, memories of what he said and how he said it, and memories of mind numbing…. warm amazingness needed to be recollected in private, not in the presence of Mom while we were eating breakfast. 
I felt like I was under a microscope, and that if she looked at me, like really looked at me, she’d know every single dirty detail about what I really did last night. 
“You look happy, Annabelle.” Mom assessed, taking a sip of her coffee. 
How observant, but let’s hope not too observant. I wasn’t a good girl last night. 
“I feel so much better today than yesterday morning.” I answered, taking my last spoonful of healthy cereal, which I was eating by choice. 
“It must have been that walk you went on after taking a nap. You see exercise can cure anything.” Mom exclaimed with joy. 
She may have had a point there…. but the question was, what kind of exercise?
If she asked me if I could count the amount of calories I burned yesterday and by which method, I’d have to lie…partly.
At least a thousand calories burned….

*~*~*

“Did you hear?” 
Just like yesterday, whispers hovered around me as soon as I crossed the hallway towards my locker. I held an ear out, curious what the latest rumor was. 
“Donna and James.” 
 “Yeah, I heard they were together last night, they totally hooked up,”
In an instant my heart rate slowed, the news was inaccurate. I was with him last night and we in fact hooked up. If only they all knew the truth. Which would be horrible, because I wanted no one to know what happened between James and me last night. 
Suddenly some of the decisions I made last night didn’t seem so great anymore, even if it resulted in the most passionate experience of my life. 
I grabbed some stuff from my locker and headed to the washroom. My bladder was a mess. Just as I entered the stall furthest from the entrance, the door popped open, carrying in a bundle of hyper screeches. I’d say very valley girl. 
“Oh my God!”
“Like, oh my God!”
“Donna!”
Donna! I should have known it was her and her ‘hot’ girl crew. 
“Donna, did you do it?”
“I’m so not telling. I don’t kiss and tell, it’s so private.” Donna drawled. 
Like…. OMG whatever! I mimicked their voices in my head, holding myself from laughing. 
“Tell us like now, we need to know.” One of them screeched, sounding desperate for information. These girls were crazy. Why did they need to know what Donna did or didn’t do? Especially those kinds of things… it was supposed to be so private.
“Fine, you dragged it out of me, I’ll confess.” Donna sighed loudly. “Last night, James came by.”
“No way!” They all screeched in unison. 
“After the fight last night, he dropped us off at Latisha’s house.” Donna explained. “He came by my house after, around ten-ish.” 
 “What’d you guys do last night?” They all screeched. 
Donna giggled before answering. “We went for a little drive, and then parked for a little bit…”
“And?” They all screeched again. 
“Ladies, I can’t say, well okay, all I can say is, the windows got steamy.” Donna stated.
All of them gasped. “No way!” 
“Way.” Donna confirmed, firmly. 
After the ‘hot’ girl crew left the washroom, howling with enthusiasm at Donna’s apparent steamy night out with James, I headed straight to English. Yesterday after hearing the rumors, I made a mess of things by accusing James of hooking up with Donna on Sunday night.
I wasn’t going to repeat the past. 
Donna had to be lying about last night…. 
I walked into a half filled classroom, heading straight for Mr. Doors, quickly explaining that I had horrible stomach pains yesterday and left to go home instead of coming to class. Satisfied with my answer, Mr. Doors explained the lesson from yesterday. I didn’t miss much since it was only the second day of school. 
By the time I headed to the back row, there were two seats left, one of them was my original first day seat, right beside the window and the seat beside me… where James had sat. The bell rang, students rushed inside, filling in the rest of the seats up front.
 But there was no James. 
Mr. Doors shuts the front door and the school’s telecom turned on with the principal asking the entire school to stand up and pay tribute by a moment of silence to those that lost their lives eleven years ago.

*~*~*

Class went on, James never showed up. 
Was he avoiding me?
Did he switch classes?
The possibilities invaded every single thought in my head, making paying attention to Mr. Doors’ lecture on Prose very difficult. I hoped there wasn’t going to be a test on the subject anytime soon.
My next two classes went by like a blurry fog. I had no idea what happened, who said what, what paper I stuffed inside my binder afterwards. Nothing. 
Lunch was next and usually that was the best time of the day, but with James’ absence on my mind, it was hard to get excited about food. 
Especially unmonitored food. 
Jenna’s mom usually packed her leftovers from the night before, so I headed straight for the line, taking my spot. I scoured the filling cafeteria as students rushed inside and noticed the baseball team was absent, as was Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew. 
Where were they? 
My turn came up and I entered the cafeteria’s restaurant. I was spoiled for choice, from hamburgers to hot dogs, and chili fries. 
Last week I would have been tempted by all the junk food, but I wasn’t going to buy any today. I liked that my jeans weren’t clinging to my waist anymore. 
So, with a regular salad and a bottle of water in tow, I paid for my food and entered back into a cafeteria more chaotic then before. The lunch line was longer, and as I scanned each person for a second, my eyes immediately stopped on a large group, laughing loudly.
Like the freaking Kings and Queens of the cafeteria…. and nestled right beside Donna was James, looking as happy and carefree as ever.
Where was he this morning? 
Before he had the chance to spot me stalking him with my eyes, I looked away, immediately locating Jenna in the far corner with her fellow swim team members. 
“Hey.” I said to everyone as I sat down. Jenna didn’t meet my eyes, instead was looking just over my shoulder. 
“Why is Boy Wonder staring at you?” Jenna whispered. 
And so… explanation number five hundred thousand million on why I was back together with James…. commenced. 
Jenna was going to love hearing this, again.
“Anna?” Jenna whispered, nudging my leg underneath the table. “What’s going on?”
“Again.” I muttered, staring at her.  
“Again?” Jenna asked, confused for a second before her eyes widened, understanding. “What about Dean, you went on a date with him last night?”
“Afterwards.” I answered. 
“Afterwards.” Jenna repeated, understanding. “Well, that’s shocking.” 
“Jenna, please.” I pleaded. 
“You haven’t even introduced him to me yet!” Jenna snapped, now looking like she was about to blow. “What are you scared of? It’s not like I’m going to do anything to the kid!” 
She stifled a smile, turning her head. 
Liar!
“That smile you’re trying to hide right now just answered your question. Not only would you scare him away, he’d probably change schools too.” I screeched, pointing at her. 
“And that’s a problem why?” Jenna asked, perplexed. 
I took a deep breath. “I know, it’s messed up. But I can’t help it. I care about him.” 
Jenna didn’t say anything as she took her sandwich out of the plastic bag and took a bite. She eyed me after gulping down her bite. “Whatever. But if he hurts you, he’s shark bait.” 
“Okay, deal.” I gave her a timid smile and reached over the table, taking her hand and squeezing it. “Thanks for understanding, bestie.”
“Ugh, what are best friends for.” Jenna groaned, squeezing my hand back. 
Jenna got busy eating the rest of her sandwich and talking with her fellow swim team members. I slid my salad back in front of me and finished it quickly. No hunger pains followed. 
Sighing out loud, but still ignored by the entire table of crazy swimmers debating breathing and stroke techniques, I found James’ table across the room. The baseball team and Donna’s ‘hot’ girl crew were mixed together again. James was sitting at the end of their table, and at that moment looked up at me. I gave him a small smile and he gave me warm eyes, but looked away once Donna took the seat next to him. 
My blood boiled in an instant as her skanky arm draped his shoulder snuggly. She held her smartphone up and pouted inches from his cheek. They seemed comfortable taking pictures like that, like they’d done it before.
I looked away feeling hopeless, angry and sad. Seconds later my phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text.  

Tiger: Meet me in the hallway.

Annabelle: Why?

Tiger: Because I want to spend time with my baby. I missed you this morning.

CHAPTER 19




I left a curious Jenna in the cafeteria and headed out to James, waiting where the hallway was quiet and classes were still going on. He grabbed my hand and pulled me down the hallway, silently. We exited the building and entered the parking lot. He took me to his car and locked us inside. 
“This is better,” he murmured, adjusting his cap. 
“Why didn’t you show up to class this morning?” I stared at the floor of his car and took deep breaths. A few strands of hair covered my face, shielding me from him. 
“Problems with my dad.” James explained, tucking loose strands of hair behind my ear, his finger trailing down to my cheek, caressing it soothingly. It shot electricity into every nerve in my body. 
“About what?” I murmured, pulling my cheek down, smoothing it voluntarily against his hand. 
“A bunch of shit, that’s what.” he stated, exhaling harshly. He glanced out the window at the packed parking lot and then faced me again. “Let’s sit in the back, please Fireball?” 
“Okay.” I answered. 
James squeezed into the back, sitting down, and I followed. He grabbed my waist and pulled me down so that I was sitting on him. He tucked loose strands of hair behind my ears and leaned into me, hugging me tightly. His face was in my t-shirt covered chest and he was breathing in and out like he was nervous. 
“What happened this morning?” I asked. 
“He’s a fucking asshole.” James began, hugging me tighter. “He got in my face this morning.”
I cringed. “Why?”
“My grandpa gave me this car for my seventeenth birthday. I’ve been living with my dad and his fucking family since June, and he wants to fight now about this car hogging space on his precious driveway, that there wasn’t enough room for three cars, when there was easily.”
I exhaled, feeling his anxiety. “Is that the real reason?”
James snorted, shaking his head, still buried in my chest. “No. Dad hates that Gramps showed him up with a car as a gift on my birthday last year. No one shows Jim Lawson up, not even his own dad. He called Grandpa this morning and told him to shove his shit up his ass because no son of his was driving a car by that fucking… guy.”
I jerked my head back, confused. “Why now? It’s been almost a year since you’ve had the car.” 
James chuckled. “I guess he’s been holding onto that itch for almost a year and finally snapped this morning. I told him though. This is my car and his word means shit on it.”
“Bet that made him angry.” I assessed. 
James snorted. “Almost kicked me out, but didn’t because he knows I’d just go live with my gramps and he can’t let that happen. Dad’s got power as my guardian or some shit. Gotta do what he says till February. As soon as I turn eighteen, I’ll go live with my grandpa and finish senior year with him. The good thing is he lives like twenty minutes from here.” 
“That’s good.” I murmured, glad he wouldn’t have to change schools midyear if and when he moved to his grandfather’s place. 
“Hug me, baby. I’m sad.” James lifted his head up and pouted dramatically, making me laugh. “Am I acting like a pussy bitch or what?” He smirked and shook his head, like he couldn’t believe what he confessed. 
“No, I’m glad you’re sharing stuff with me.” I hugged him and then lifted off him to reposition, straddling him now. I took his hat off and placed it on the seat. I raked my fingers through his hair and his eyes closed.
“That feels so good,” he murmured. I grabbed each side of his face and pressed my lips against his, kissing him.
“You’re the only one I want sitting on my lap, you know that,” he murmured against my lips, his voice dripping with desire. He pulled back and held my face. “You’re all I think about.”
“Good.” I whispered, gazing at him with a matching fire. 
“Is everything okay at home?” he asked, probably referring to my mom. 
I shrugged. “At home, it’s okay, but we’ll see what happens tomorrow, things can change like that, right?”
He grinned like ‘duh’ and kissed me softly, sweetly, and slowly. James’ kiss turned wild with his tongue in my mouth, making me feel things in places that were already doing miles a second.
“Fireball,” James groaned against my lips. “Baby,”
The term of endearment fueled my desire, making every worry inside me vanish. I melted against him, covering every inch of his body, pushing my breasts into his hard muscled chest, which had him groaning louder. 
“You’re going to kill me. I’m going crazy, here, with you, like this. I want to do it forever. I want to feel like this forever,” he murmured into my lips, his hands trailing down to the bottom of my shirt, lifting it up as his fingers caressed my skin. 
“James.” I murmured deliriously as his fingers massaged their way underneath my bra cup and cupped my breasts, squeezing them delicately. I plunged deeper into his lips, grinding my body hard to his.
He pulled back, bewilderment in his eyes as he breathed hard. “Fireball, be careful.” 
I giggled. “Why?”
“Because, if you keep doing that, I won’t last baby.” he chuckled. He lowered his hands from inside my shirt and I got up and sat beside him.  
He pouted. “You didn’t have to get off. I was fine, I controlled it.”
“I know.” I smiled and he picked up my hand and kissed the palm.

*~*~*

“Where were you?” Jenna hissed once the bell rang at the end of History. 
“Talking with James.” I told her, getting up with my backpack. 
Her jaw dropped. “What!”
“We went to his car.” I confessed. 
She gripped her desk tightly. “Really?”
“Yeah.” I said timidly, a little embarrassed. 
“What did you guys do?” she whispered getting up from her seat, hurling her backpack onto her shoulder. She grabbed my arm and pushed me out the door. 
“Talked.” I answered. 
“And?” She pressed. 
“Other stuff.” I answered, barely audible. 
“What exactly do you mean?” she asked in astonishment. 
“Stuff.” I shrugged. I didn’t know how to explain it to her without cringing. It was fun doing it, but having to explain it wasn’t as fun. 
“You didn’t do that did you?” Jenna squeezed my arm, shaking her head.
My eyes widened, facing her as she dragged me down the hallway. “No!” 
She let out a loud breath. “Thank God, I don’t know how I’d deal with you if you lost your virginity in a car, it is so cliché!” 

*~*~*

Later that night after a nutritious yet surprisingly delicious dinner of gluten free pasta and no salt added pasta sauce (Can I get a whoop-whoop, spaghetti for dinner!) I lay on my bed, relaxing against the soft R&B jam of a local radio station. 
My phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text, breaking my trance of thirty minutes. It was from James. 
Before I read it, I remembered right before we went to his car at lunch. When he was taking photos with Donna, with her arm around his shoulder, pretending to kiss him. I forgot to bring it up today. Maybe our soft and sweet moment during lunch was on purpose, like he wanted to calm me down, because he knew… he knew that it made me crazy seeing him like that, with her?
It was official, I was that girl…. the jealous girlfriend. But that’s not who I wanted to be. I just needed to chill. They were just friends…. just friends. 
I opened his text with an almost exhausted smile forcing its way onto my face. 

Tiger: I like you a lot… you know that…

Annabelle: Ditto.


CHAPTER 20


Wednesday September 12th 2012

The next day I woke up to my phone vibrating, chiming with an incoming text. I reached over groggily with one eye still closed and brought my phone to my face. 
James just texted me. 
This early? I thought confused, checking the time. It was barely seven in the morning. 

Tiger: Baby, you awake?

Annabelle: Yeah, just woke up.

Tiger: Let me give you a ride to school, we can hang out.

Annabelle: Okay, I’ll be ready in fifteen minutes.

Tiger: Cool.

I threw my covers off and jumped out of bed, heading straight for the bathroom, quickly fixing my hair, washing my face and applying some mascara. I rushed back inside my room, as a result slamming the door a little too hard on the way in. 
“Annabelle?” Mom called from my open doorway. I was in the middle of picking a shirt from my closet. 
“Yeah?” I called out, grabbing a dark blue shirt that went over my hips. I threw it on my bed next to my black flared jeans. 
“Is everything okay, why are you in such a rush?” Mom asked, walking into my room uninvited.
“Um, I’m meeting Jenna at school, we’re going to share notes for History. I forgot I made plans with her yesterday. I’m going to be a little late.” I explained.
 I was becoming a good liar. 
“Oh, okay. Well if you’re going to be late meeting her, your father or I can give you a ride.” Mom offered, surprisingly. 
Really? I stared at her confused. This was the first ride in a long while that I’d been offered by them. Until now they’d wanted me walking, or riding my bike, getting as much exercise as possible. 
“That’s okay, I’m only a little bit late and it counts as my morning exercise.” I explained, and Mom’s face brightened, happily. 
“I am so proud of you Anna Banana!” Mom rejoiced, clapping her hands excitedly. “You’re taking responsibility and all your hard work is paying off.” 
“Yeah, I’m responsible now.” I told her. She needed to leave so I could get ready. James was going to be here soon. “Well, I have to change now, so was there anything else you needed?” 
“Actually yes, I’ve been meaning to talk to you about logging your weight each week. I spoke on the phone with your nutritionist yesterday and she said that from now one we should just log your weight once a month.” Mom explained. 
“So no more weekly weigh ins?” I asked. 
“Yes no more, from now one we’ll do it the first week of every month.” Mom continued. 
“So we won’t weigh me until October?” I asked. 
Mom sighed sadly. “Yes, that’s right.”
I grinned. “Cool, alright then.” 
“Alright, I’ll let you get ready.” Mom walked out of my room, but quickly turned around and came back inside. “You’ll be buying lunch again today?”
“Yes.” I told her. 
“Please, make good choices.” she pleaded. 
“Don’t worry.” I assured her. 
“I know, I know. I can trust you now.” Mom said, and then left my room. 
Trust me now? 
What did that mean? 
She didn’t trust me before?
Well, I already knew that. 
Whatever. 
I changed quickly and rushed out of the house with a stupid grin on my face. James’ SUV was running by the curb in front of my neighbor’s house. I ran to it. 
“Hey.” I said, opening the passenger side door and getting in. James had his black sunglasses on with his signature backwards Miami Marlins baseball cap, a red shirt and black jeans on.
Drool worthy and he belonged to me. I smiled warmly at him, but he didn’t smile back, instead he pouted. 
What’s his problem? 
And why was this so familiar? 
“What’s your problem?” I grinned at him. 
He tilted his head to the side, his lips tightening playfully. “My problem is that I want my ‘hello kiss’.”
“What’s a ‘hello kiss’?” I pretended to think, and then leaned over the gap between our seats, stopping an inch away from his cute face. “Your hello kiss?”
“Yeah…my ‘hello kiss’.” James grinned, grabbing my face and pulling me in. He kissed me passionately, making feel like warm goodness, and I didn’t even have breakfast yet. James pulled back, staring deep into my eyes. “Good morning, baby.”

*~*~*

Fifteen minutes later, in the school’s parking lot, James and I were still in his car. He grabbed my hand and pulled it to his chest. “Fireball?” 
I squeezed his hand and smiled timidly. “Everything okay?” 
“It’s okay, now that I’m with you.” James said, his jaw clenching as he looked out the windshield at our giant school. “But this school is weird, the rules here are different.”
I frowned. “What do you mean?” 
James sighed. “Coach wants the team to bond, he wants there to be no distractions, for any of us.” 
“No distractions?” I repeated, a little confused. “Like no dating?”
“Yeah,” he exhaled. “Something like that.” 
I looked at the floor of his car, exhaling sadly. “That’s not fair.” 
James caressed the side of my face, tilting it so that I’d meet his eyes. “You’re right, it’s not.” 

*~*~*

At three in the afternoon, the last bell of the day rang. 
“Got practice this afternoon.” Jenna informed, sliding her bag strap on and giving me an exhausted pout. “I’m so tired, honestly, I might not even shower after practice so I can get home faster.” 
I smirked and piled my things into my backpack. “Like you would, you’re the one who always goes on about showering right away after swimming in a chlorine filled pool. Sticky, dirty feelings, right?” 
“Ugh, don’t remind me.” she moaned and we headed out of the near emptied classroom. She followed me to my locker and slouched against the locker next to mine while I exchanged notebooks. There were bags under her eyes and she kept touching her forehead, like she had a headache.
I closed my locker and leaned against. “You okay?”
“I’m just tired and a little stressed out,” she whispered, letting out a harsh breath. Her confession stunned me. Jenna rarely showed signs of weakness to anyone, even me. 
“What happened?” I asked, instantly feeling like a freaking moron. These last few weeks all I’d thought about was James. I’d been so wrapped up in my own crap, my best friend was worried about something and I was finding out about it right now. 
“Life, that’s what happened.” she simply said and then leaned off the locker and began walking backwards. “Nothing I can’t handle.”
“You sure?” I inched towards her.
Jenna looked at me amusedly, making me feel like I was a five year old pretending to be a superhero. “Yeah, I’m sure. Text you later.” 

*~*~*
  
My shoes were barely off when Mom came out of the basement, questions about what I ate and how many calories I burned shooting out of her mouth like a firecracker exploding.
I rolled my eyes. “I burned five million calories today, happy?” I ran to my room and closed the door. Seconds later, she was knocking on my door. 
 “You have to take this seriously. I can’t be the one doing everything, Annabelle Simms!” she yelled from the hallway. When she huffed and puffed her way back to the basement, I felt like I could breathe again. Today was already a shitty day, and I didn’t have the energy to deal with her crap. 
The conversation with James this morning had messed me up. We barely spoke during English, and during lunch he was with the rest of the baseball team and… the ‘hot’ girl crew. I peeked a few times, finding him sitting next to Donna, or Donna sitting next to him… whichever way it was, it still made me sick. 
It was almost 4pm. Baseball practice wasn’t over, but I wasn’t a hundred percent sure on that. I pulled out my phone and texted James.

Annabelle: Is it okay to talk to you now?

I felt pathetic for sending that text. It made me sound like a….
“It’s not fair! Annabelle always gets everything!” The sound of my sister yelling my name broke my train of thought. I rushed into the hallway, finding her in front of Mom with tears dripping off her little face. 
“What’s going on?” I asked and they both faced me. Mom looked exhausted and Katherine shot me the nastiest look ever. In the history of our relationship, she’d never looked at me like that. Like I was venom, and the bane of her existence. 
“You, you’re the problem.” she screeched, marching into her room and slamming the door shut. “It’s not fair, Annabelle always gets everything!” 
My jaw dropped. “What’s going on? I didn’t do anything to her.” 
Mom grabbed her forehead and winced. “Your package came right now. Katherine thought it was an early birthday gift. But I had to explain that her birthday was on January 3rd and getting a gift this early, well, it was beyond early.”
“My what came? I didn’t order anything.” I searched the floor for any packages but there was nothing. 
“I did, for you a few days ago.” Mom went into her room and came out with an open package, laughing. “I had to open it to show her it was for you.”
I narrowed my eyes at her. “What did you order?” 
“Happy weightloss, sweetheart!” Mom beamed, placing the box into my arms and leaving the hallway. “Gotta start dinner, enjoy!”
“What?” I murmured, watching her speed out. Her behavior was so sketchy. I shook it off and glanced down into the box, a gasp of frustration leaving my mouth the instant my eyes took notice of the horribleness inside.
Exercise DVDs. 

*~*~*

All tucked in, ready to go to sleep, my phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text. 

Tiger: You know how much I care about you….

Annabelle: I hope it’s as much as I care about you.

Tiger: Double it and multiply it by a million.

Annabelle: I’ll take it.

Tiger: Good night, Fireball.

Annabelle: Goodnight, Tiger.

CHAPTER 21


Thursday September 13th 2012

Liking James reminded me of liking sugar. Sugar’s bad for you, yet you couldn’t help but want more. My dimwitted heart didn’t want to move at a snail’s pace when it came to anything involving him. I was on a cliff, a step away from falling. I should have been scared, barely breathing and incoherent, but being with him helped more than I ever could have imagined. Getting shit from home and having him to let it all out to was something I wasn’t willing to give up, even if there was chance I’d fall to my doom. We were comfortable together. I wanted to be there for him and I hoped he legit wanted to be there for me too. 
It made sense to me, but would it make sense to Jenna? 
“We talked and came to an agreement.” I explained to Jenna during lunch. I had my salad and water bottle in front of me, prepared for the thrashing she was going to throw at me for making a certain decision. 
Jenna rolled her eyes. “And that is?” 
“That we needed to keep our relationship private.” I informed her.
Jenna looked at me like I was crazy. “Private?”
“Yeah private.” I answered her, like ‘duh’. 
She tucked her face into hands, groaning into them. “Anna!” 
“What now?” I sighed, distressed. I was tired of having to explain my relationship to her. 
“That is the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard in my life!” she snapped, dropping her hands. 
“Well tough!” I snapped, throwing my salad cover off. I stabbed my fork inside, spearing multiple pieces of lettuce. 

*~*~*

After school, after a weird day, I popped an exercise DVD into my laptop and positioned it so I could see the screen without hitting my bed. 
“Hi, my name is Emma Jane Castleman, celebrity trainer and nutritionist. You may have seen me on the hit show….”
Blah, blah, blah! I couldn’t believe Mom bought me an exercise DVD by the trainer girl from that weightloss show on TV. 
“Let’s warm up first!”
Huffing and puffing, I followed the toned brunettes movements. Fifteen minutes and a drenched shirt later, my door was kicked open. 
“What are you doing in there?” Charles asked, smirking from my open doorway and balancing a soccer ball with his knee. “It sounds like you’re wrestling an elephant.” 
“Oh my God, get out of my room.” I snapped, slamming the door in his face.
“The hallway is not your room, you’re crazy.” He laughed, and kicked the ball into my door before continuing down the hallway and making as much noise as possible. 

*~*~*

“She’s been so happy with my progress, that when I drank half a cup of orange juice this morning she started to twitch.” I explained to James. We were in his car in the parking lot of a fast food restaurant. He picked me up an hour ago and we were sharing fries. His dad was giving him shit again and he needed to get out of the house before he lost it. I remembered how stressed his voice sounded. “Fireball, I don’t want to go home.” 
James burst out laughing. “Wow, that’s insane.” 
A few chuckles spilled out before I continued. “Then she lost it when I went to the fridge as a joke, but she didn’t know that. She was like, I thought I could trust you, Annabelle!” 
“Why does she care so much?” James asked, opening the window and tossing our garbage into the trash. 
“I wish I had the answer, because I’d really love to know.” I grimaced, shaking my head. With a sly grin, I eyed him. “Are we going to make each other feel better, Tiger?” 
“That’s the plan, Fireball,” he stated, turning off his car. We went into the back, lying side by side, our fronts covered by each other. Resting his head down next to mine, he tucked loose strands of hair out of my face and leaned in to give me a quick kiss. “You’re cute you know that.” 
I wrapped my arms around his waist and pulled him closer, feeling his warmth consume me. “Yeah, yeah.” I mumbled into the side of his neck. “This is my spot, right here.” 
We lay cuddled, music playing from his radio, hidden behind darkness and a sea of cars that wouldn’t be driven away for a while, or at least fifteen minutes. 
“You okay?” I asked, inhaling his neck, giving him delicate kisses there. 
James sighed, tightening his hold. “I am now.” 

CHAPTER 22


Saturday September 15th 2012

I had to work this morning, but at 2pm, James came and got me. He took us to his house, which was empty. His words, the Lawson brigade 2.0 was away at their cottage this weekend. James loved Fridays, and hated Sunday nights when they’d return. 
“You can join the routine or you can stay home, we’re not going to stop our routine because you don’t want to join in.” James mimicked his dad explaining a few things back in June when he just moved in. 
“Why’d he want you living with him again?” I asked. 
James smirked, shaking his head. “He hates Grandpa that much, enough to bring in his pussy boy to live with him, disrupting his perfect life.” 
Resting beside him on his bed, today was turning better than expected. His SUV, leather seats, air-conditioned bliss and soft music was our home away from home, but there was nothing like a nice bed to lye on. 
“Do you get along with your siblings?” I asked him. 
“They’re babies, they’re like six and eight years old. I’m okay with them,” he explained. “Honestly, I’ve lived with my mom since they divorced when I was seven. I’ve seen my dad until recently like five times a year. Those kids don’t know me.”
“You don’t want to know them?” I asked him.
He shrugged. “Maybe when they’re older and when Dad starts on them like he is with me now. They’ll need all the help they can get and I’ll be only too happy to oblige.”
“Alright then, good to know.” I chuckled, sitting up. “Let’s go watch a movie in your basement.” 
We sat in his media room down in the basement, which was an amazing rec room. There were theater seats with cup holders and a large 72-inch television screen hanging on the wall. I glanced at James who was concentrating on the movie he just put on, one of my favorites, Gladiator. 
He turned and leaned into me. 
“Kiss me on the lips.” he hissed inches from my mouth. Both my palms covered my mouth in an instant.
“No.” It came out muffled, but it still brought a cute frown to his face. I returned watching the movie, but his fingers started to intertwine with mine, pulling them.
“I want a kiss,” he ordered softly. I sighed and glanced back at him. 
“No.” I told him slowly. 
“What do I have to do?” He smirked. 
I grinned. “You have to do something for me and then I’ll give you a kiss.”
“What do you want?” he asked, warily. 
“Wait right here.” I told him and ran out of the room and came back with my e-reader. Taking a deep breath, stifling a laugh I continued. “I want you to read a few of the highlighted passages.”
I handed him the e-reader and he took a few seconds to read the screen before answering. “You’re crazy. I’m not reading this shit.”
“Then you’re not kissing me.” I gave him a shrug and took back the e-reader.  
“Fine.” he answered, firmly. 
I grinned, overjoyed. “Fine.” 
“Fine, give it to me.” he moaned, holding his palm out. 
“Awesome.” I smirked, handing the e-reader back to him. 
“I can’t believe you’re making me do this. You can’t laugh at me!” he moaned, looking harassed. He took a deep breath and started to read. “Whisper love a thousand times to me, make me feel everything and anything, as long as it’s from you and only you. I was on Earth for one reason, and that’s to love you. When I look into your honey brown eyes, it’s as if spring has sprung and the cold dead of winter is no more. That’s how I feel when you look at me. Every Tuesday, at nine in the morning, he showed up. Tuesday was fresh produce day, but the manager of ‘The Squirrel’ grocery store in the small town of Apple Falls, didn’t tell our customers that. But ‘he’ figured it out all on his own. Tuesday was fresh produce day.” 
At this point the urge to laugh was physically hurting me. So I laughed, very loud. “I can’t handle…”
“I can’t believe you fucking made me read that!” he screeched, dropping the e-reader and hugging me from behind, his face in my neck. “Can I have my kiss now?” 
“Okay.” I turned my neck, giving him a quick kiss on the lips. With his arms still around me, we fell to the floor. James let go and propped himself on his elbows, leaning over me. 
“Anna?” he whispered, looking deep into my eyes. “Fireball?” 
“Yeah.” I responded softly, smoothing his wavy hair away from his eyes. 
“You’re cute you know that.” he stated, and then rubbed his nose against mine. 
“Yeah, I know.” I smiled and he leaned down, kissing me sweetly, softly. 

CHAPTER 23


Monday September 17th 2012

The bell rang, class was over, and lunch began. I packed my backpack and headed out. By the time I made it to my locker, James was walking by with a few of his friends from the baseball team. I turned to meet his eyes but I jerked back when someone flashed by me, nearly pushing me out of the way.
“Hey boys! Wait up!” Donna yelled from behind them. 

*~*~*

I sighed, feeling exhausted. A million emotions, all revolving around me not being good enough came out of hiding. 
“Hey, don’t worry about her.” James murmured into my ear. “I don’t like her.”
It was 8pm and we were chilling in his car for the millionth time. With our parents at home, his car was the only place we had any privacy during a week night. 
“How come you guys hang out with Donna and her friends? I thought you said your coach wanted you guys to stay focused?” I asked. 
James shifted in his seat, leaning on the armrest. “Coach likes us having girls like that around us. He keeps saying they’re like our hot cheerleaders and that we’d need the motivation.” 
“Really?” I asked, in disbelief.
“I know it sounds like bullshit, but I’m not making this shit up. It sounds fucked up, but we have to do what he says. He controls our spots on the team.” James answered, grabbing my hand and kissing the palm. “You have to believe me, Fireball.” 
I leaned over and buried myself into his chest, hugging him tightly. I loved that his chest was hard like a rock, and I loved that his arms were strong, and I loved that he gave me light squeezes every few seconds.
“I have issues, Tiger.” I whispered.
“Don’t say that shit,” he murmured back, giving my neck warm kisses.  

CHAPTER 24


Thursday September 20th 2012

The baseball team was noisy afterschool. It was their coach’s birthday and practice was going to be delayed for thirty minutes so they could celebrate. I knew this because they were screaming about it a row of lockers away. 
After they left the hallway five minutes later, using the thrust of both my arms, I pushed through the exit. Crossing the doorframe, I wasn’t paying attention and walked right into a stiff body trying to enter.
“Sorry.” I said, looking at the baseball team’s coach. He was about six feet, had short dark brown hair, and brown eyes that were staring at me seeming angered. After a few seconds, he muttered. “Watch where you’re going.” 
Without another glance he entered the building, leaving me shell shocked. He was one of the gym teachers. How could he talk to me like that, especially when bumping into him was an accident? 

CHAPTER 25


Friday September 21st 2012

I used the washroom before lunch. Washing my hands and wishing I’d finished twenty seconds sooner, Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew walked in. I dried my hands using the dryer. They all planted themselves in front of the mirror, applying make up. I made the mistake of looking up, meeting Donna’s eyes, she was glaring at me, her lip gloss brush stalling inches from her glossless lips. 

CHAPTER 26


Monday September 24th 2012

It wasn’t October yet, but I went on the scale anyways. I’d been working out a bit more and eating cleaner. I wanted to see if my hard work paid off. The numbers blinked on and off, until they settled on….

CHAPTER 27


Friday September 28th 2012

It’s not like I wanted our relationship to be like this. To be honest, it made me feel like shit knowing girls like Donna had free reign to touch him, to hang out with him at school. 
I barely saw him today. 
Things weren’t the same lately. He’d been more distant this past week and he wasn’t telling me why either. I wanted more than anything for him to tell what was wrong. I was going through my own shit at home, but I didn’t take it out on him by keeping him out. 
After school I went home. I got a text from him that baseball practice was over and that he was coming to pick me up. Ten minutes later and in his car, we drove to his house in silence, but he did take my hand and kiss it. 
In his room, he wasted no time and I was lying on my back on his bed with him on top of me. He sat up on my hips and pulled his fabric softener-scented shirt over his head. I caught a glimpse of his ripped stomach and the sight had me smiling. 
 “You like what you see, Fireball?” James grinned, leaning over and giving me a kiss. I grabbed his naked waist and pulled him down the rest of the way. The kiss intensified.
My head tilted back into his pillow. 
“Wait,” I murmured into his mouth and pulled back. “When is your family coming home?” 
“They left already.” he answered, breathing heavily. 
“Oh.” I propped myself up on my elbows and rested my back against his headboard. “Let’s chill out for a bit.”
“What?” he grunted, rolling off of me with his arm wrapped around my waist. “I don’t want to talk.” 
I glanced down at him. “Let’s just talk for a little bit. I barely saw you today.”
“Fine,” he murmured, his arm squeezing my waist. 
“How was your day?” I asked, angling slightly away from him. 
“It was nothing special. Same old” James responded, bringing me down. “Give me a kiss.”  
“No, I want to talk with you. Um, actually there’s something I wanted to ask about your coach. Is he normally so…. angry?” I whispered a breath away from his lips. “Last week I bumped into him and he gave me the nastiest look and told me to_”
Before I could finish and without a word, James jumped off the bed, opened the door and left. 
“Where are you going? I wasn’t finished. Come back here!” I yelled after him. When he didn’t come back I started to get angry. It’s bad enough he ignored me during school hours, now I had to deal with his temper tantrum in the privacy of his house. “You’re going to ignore me in your house too!” 
I got off his bed and left his room enraged. Downstairs, I heard the TV from his basement turn on. I halted over the bannister on the front step from the foyer. “Not cool! That was the biggest douchebag, dick move I’ve ever seen. See if I ever come over again! In fact, this is the last time I’m ever coming to your house!” 
With the doorknob turned and the front door partly opened, I decided to leave one last message. “Next time call Donna, I’m sure she’d love to just make out with you!” 

CHAPTER 28


Wednesday October 3rd 2012

 “I saw him flirting with Donna!” Jenna slammed her locker shut and scowled at me, practically blowing fire out of her nose. 
She’s pissed! 
I shook my head as we made our way towards the cafeteria. “Donna would flirt with the phonebook if it got her the same attention as she would with James.” 
“Exactly!” Jenna screeched. 
 “It’s nothing, they were just talking. You know they are in the same group, they’re friends.” I informed her, shaking my head. She was being annoying again.
Jenna rolled her eyes and snorted. “Friends? Yeah okay!”
“Stop!” I hissed. She was acting like a lunatic. 
“I don’t like this!” Jenna announced, loudly. 
“You don’t have to like this, I do!” I yelled back just as loudly. We both looked the other way, deadly steam exuding from the both us on our way to the cafeteria. 
We entered the cafeteria quietly, she broke away heading towards the restaurant. “I’m hungry. I’m going to buy a cheeseburger.” 
Whatever! I watched her walk away as I headed towards a table with some of her swim teammates. I wasn’t hungry anymore. 
My line of sight as I sat down trailed across the cafeteria, stopping at James’ table. The baseball team and Donna’s ‘hot’ girl crew sat together, mixed. Donna’s arm was draped over James’ shoulder again and her other hand was holding out her smartphone. She pouted a few inches away from his cheek, pretending to kiss him. 
James laughed at his boys, who I could hear from all the way across the cafeteria jeering him on as Donna snapped her photos. 
“Yeah boy!” They laughed loudly. Donna placed her phone down and dropped her pout, but her arm didn’t move from his shoulders. 
Move your arm! 
Why wasn’t she dropping her arm around his shoulder? She already took the damn picture. There was no need for her arm to be there anymore!
My heart began beating faster as a sickening nervous feeling enveloped deep inside my stomach. I breathed in and out slowly, hoping it would help calm me down. 
But it didn’t. Her arm didn’t move, it stayed wrapped around his shoulder. 
“Well case proved.” Jenna said bitterly, taking a seat beside me. “You can’t be that blind, Anna.” 
“Shut up.” I murmured. 
“No.” Jenna hissed. 
“Stop talking to me.” I pleaded, forcing myself to look away from them, anywhere but at them. I stared at the floor between my legs. “Just don’t.” 
“He’s playing you, can’t you see?” Jenna whispered, upset obvious in her voice.
“Jenna, I’m begging, please stop.” I pleaded quietly. 
“No Anna, I’m begging you to stop, please.” Jenna hissed back, clearly exasperated. 
“I need to get out of here.” I got off the bench, grabbing my backpack off the ground. “I’m going for a walk.” 
“I’m coming with you.” Jenna announced. 
“No, I need to be alone now.” I told her sternly as she got off the bench, stopping a few inches away. 
“Yeah alone, until that douchebag decides he wants to actually talk to you at school and then it’s going to be make-out city. What’ll you think will happen this time Anna, a little action in parking lot again!” Jenna hissed, her teammates oblivious to our heated conversation. 
I just stared at her for a few seconds before turning away and walking out of the cafeteria. She didn’t follow me. The silence of the hallway was welcoming and very much appreciated. A few stubborn tears escaped my shields, trickling down my cheeks. Thank God I was alone. But just to be on the safe side, I should go to my stall. The privacy of the washroom during lunch was a better place to be right now. 
I wiped the tears away and headed towards the washroom. 

*~*~*

Tiger: Come outside.

Annabelle: No.

Tiger: Why not?

Annabelle: It’s 10:30pm that’s why.

Tiger: I just want to hang out with you. We can even talk if you want.


Annabelle: You ignored me all day today. I’m not a puppy you can call anytime you want.

Tiger: What?

Annabelle: You’ve been IGNORING ME this past week.

Tiger: I wasn’t ignoring you. I had shit I was dealing with. What’s wrong with you?

Annabelle: Nothing, something’s wrong with you! Why you were hugging Donna!

Tiger: We weren’t doing anything!

Annabelle:  I don’t care. You hurt me today! How would you feel if I was hugging some other guy?

Tiger: Come on, you know it wasn’t like that.

Annabelle: You don’t care about me!

Tiger: Can you stop acting like a lunatic!

Annabelle: And can you stop acting like you’re single!

Tiger: How many times do I have to prove to you that it’s only you!

Annabelle: When you stop touching other girls right in front of me, that’s when!

Tiger: You know what FORGET this! You’re driving me crazy, I don’t need this shit from you. I get enough shit from my dad and coach. I don’t need it from you too!

Annabelle: And you think I need it from you! I don’t need this shit from you! Have a nice life asshole!

CHAPTER 29


Thursday October 4th 2012

As I sat on my bed, staring out the window watching the sunrise, a bitter laugh escaped me. Shaking my head at myself, I bounced off my bed and headed towards the closet, sliding the doors open with a bang to my left, showcasing a railing filled with clothing that for the last week had become way too loose on me. My jeans stopped fitting me weeks ago, and more recently I’d been wearing old jeans from two years ago that I hadn’t come around to getting rid of, but now they were barely fitting me too.
“Annabelle?” Mom called from behind the door.
“Yes?” I called back. 
“I’m coming in.” Mom announced.
“Okay.” I said warily. 
Mom slowly opened the door. She was still wearing her pajamas, a basic aqua blue shirt and short set. She entered my room with a shopping bag in hand. 
“What’s that?” I stared at the bag, transfixed. She placed the bag on my bed, showing me the front, which said ‘M’s Department Store’ in big letters.
“You bought something from M’s?” I asked her as she stood grinning, practically jumping with excitement. 
She wiped the grin off her face, looking apprehensive now. “Now, don’t be mad, I know I’ve been giving you a hard time about your weight and dieting these last few months. I know, psycho mom.” 
That’s true!
I tilted my head to the side, crossing my arms. “Okay.” 
“Okay, well I bought you brand new clothes, a few sizes smaller.” Mom explained timidly.
“When?” I looked at the bag confused.
Mom looked away, seeming guilty. “At the beginning of summer.” she answered slowly. 
“What!” My jaw dropped. “You bought me clothes before I started losing any weight. How would you know how much weight I’d lose and what size I’d be?” 
“Well I kind of hoped and guessed you’d be a certain weight by now. I mean I’ve been pushing you a lot.” Mom explained, wide eyed. 
“You have!” I snipped, rolling my eyes. I eyed the bag, wishing I’d felt more repulsed by her pre-weight loss shopping expedition. 
What if I hadn’t lost that much weight by now? 
What would she have done with all those clothes? 
Return them?
Embarrassed that her failure daughter couldn’t squeeze herself into them? 
I should have been repulsed by every single piece of clothing in that bag. I really should have…. but that wasn’t going to happen. 
I needed new clothes, stat! 
“What did you buy?” I asked her slowly. 
She clapped her hands repeatedly, obviously excited that I’d given dress up time the go ahead. “I’m so happy! I bought you so many beautiful things. I know you’re just going to love them!” 
She neatly emptied the bag, placing the clothing onto my unmade bed, quickly sorting everything into piles. There were a few pretty tops, in medium, a few jeans in a size (gulp) six and four pairs of shorts (gulp) also in a size six. There was also a tight looking violet sundress that went to my knees and a fitted jean jacket. 
“I don’t know if I’m going to fit into these.” I pointed at the explosion of clothing. 
“I know you have your worries, I did too at the start of August, but these last few weeks the weight loss is much more obvious!” Mom explained hyper-like. 
Gee, thanks…not!
I stared at the clothing, not knowing what I should do. If I attempted to try them on and failed to squeeze into them, it would be horrible. I went to the bathroom and washed my face. Mom followed.
“Could you do me a favor?” Mom asked, sounding apprehensive again. 
“What kind of favor?” I asked warily, feeling a little harassed.
“Please – please, can I watch you go on the scale – pretty please! I just need to know, officially. Please, for Mommy?” Mom pleaded with her hands clasped flatly. 
“Whatever.” I mumbled, pulling out my scale.
“Thank you – thank you – thank you!” Mom screeched, behind me. 
I tapped the scale and it read zero. I got on and the numbers went up and down a few times before settling on the magic number.
150lbs….
“Oh my God!” Mom screamed, grabbing me and pulling me into a tight hug. “I’m so happy.”
Was she crying?
“What’s all the screaming about?” Dad yelled from their bedroom. 
“Mom! What happened?” Charles and Katherine called from the hallway. 
“Nothing – nothing! Sorry, sorry, everyone go back to sleep.” Mom sniffed, releasing me from her tight cocoon. 
Ugh, finally, I could breathe again.
“You did it, sweetheart” Mom wiped her tears away and faced me. “Do you know what that means?”
 “What?” I pulled away from her and walked out of the bathroom to my room. 
Mom followed behind me, stopping beside my bed. “That means, you’re a size six, the clothes will fit you!” 
Yay?

*~*~*

For the first time, in a very long time, I wore shorts. They were a plum color and stopped mid-thigh. Equal parts sexy and conservative. They belonged to Mom’s pre-weight loss shopping. They were a size six and just like she said, they’d fit. 
I paired it with a simple black t-shirt that went over my hips, covering part of the shorts. Mom wanted me to wear one of the new tops she bought, but I still had my own style and since my black t-shirts still looked cool on me, I decided to pair the shorts with them. 
Something old and something new. 
I liked long t-shirts that went over my hips.
It’s my thing. 
Whether Mom approved or not was not my problem. I may have lost the weight but I had not lost my own style. 
“Anna!” Jenna screeched by our usual spot at the bottom of the stairs outside school. She quickly eyed my bare legs. “You’re wearing shorts!”
“Yeah?” I looked away, embarrassed. “It’s not a big deal.”
Instead of stopping in front of her, I turned and trekked up the stairs quickly, skipping steps. 
“Wait up hot legs!” Jenna laughed, catching up in no time. She linked her arm through mine and pulled me to a stop when we were inside the hallway.
“Let me see!” she demanded, scanning my legs. “Love it!”
“That’s great!” I told her, exasperated and slightly embarrassed by her little ogling display in front of everyone. “Can I go now?”
Jenna smiled, moving backwards towards her locker. “It’ll be okay, today is going to be a great day!” 
With that, I shook my head and headed to my locker. I grabbed a few things, exchanging some notebooks and textbooks before hearing the first animal call.
The Kings of the hallway had arrived. I checked the time on my cellphone, with ten minutes to spare, how punctual of them. I slammed my locker shut, took a deep breath and prepared my psyche for first contact with James since our disaster convo yesterday. 
Behind me the crowd of energetic students thickened, screaming and shouting as the threat of the first bell loomed over us. Finding courage, I snuck a peek down the hallway, finding the lively crew of pretty and athletic people huddled a row of lockers away from Mr. Doors’ classroom. 
That was good. I wouldn’t have to walk by them to get to class and I wouldn’t have an awkward eye contact moment with James with Donna hanging off his every word. 
I made my way to class and there were only three seats left, one in the middle row next to the window, and two in the last row, with one seat also next to the window. Normally I would have gone for the two in the back and hoping James would have taken the seat next to me. 
But not today. 
A small fire erupted surprisingly in the pit of my stomach, giving me courage, giving me power. 
I chose the middle row. 
I sat with my back to the wall underneath the window, crossing my toned legs, showcasing them without worry to my entire classroom.
I wasn’t embarrassed.
I was proud of my legs, they looked good, and the added bonus, James would have to walk by me. I chuckled quietly to myself, shaking my head at the sudden burst of confidence.
Someone walked through the doorway and my heart jumped, but quickly resumed back normally when I realized it was not James but a boy named Frank. I didn’t know him that well even though he’d been here since freshman year. My school was big, he probably didn’t know me that well either.
The warning bell rang. There was still no sign of James, not that I was looking. I glanced at the doorway once more, this time James walked through the doorway, right as the final bell rang.
He just made it!
He scanned the room, his green eyes stopping on me, scowling. He shook his head and made his way to the back next to Frank, but his pissed off demeanor faltered when he glanced down at my legs for a second too long.
That’s right! I turned facing Mr. Doors, tucking my legs underneath my desk, feeling satisfied that my job was done. My legs had done me proud, for once in my life. 
Success! 
Feel that James, it’s called regret! I smiled and opened my notebook beginning to take notes. 

*~*~*

Jenna texted me at lunch, telling me she’d be late and for me to go ahead. I made it inside the cafeteria and the line was adding quickly. After waiting for a few minutes, it was my turn and I grabbed a salad and a bottle of water. 
Ahhh life! I sighed to myself, sitting down at a table that sat three swim team members. I told them “Hi.” and dug into my salad. I was halfway through my salad when Jenna slammed down across from me. 
“Annabelle!” she screeched and I snapped straight. She never called me by my full name. Something was up.
“What is it?” I asked her quickly.
She took her phone out and dropped it on the table. “I can’t believe this!” 
She had the entire table’s attention now. She looked at them and shook her head. 
“Sorry guys, just kidding!” She laughed awkwardly, and then waited a few minutes, letting things go back to normal before whispering back to me.  
“Do you know where he was last night?” Jenna whispered. 
I shook my head. 
“Anna, he was at the movies with his friends.” Jenna exhaled a long rough breath. “And Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew were there too. She was sitting beside him. Latisha put pictures online again.” 
“Can I see the picture?” I asked her quietly, my entire body feeling numb. 
Jenna slid her phone over to me. She was on Latisha’s page and on her timeline were five pictures of their group at the movies last night. One picture stood out and that was of James and Donna sitting next to one another at the end of the row. Donna’s head was resting on James’ shoulder. 
They were both smiling. 
I slid the phone back to her. I also slid my half eaten salad to the side. I wasn’t hungry anymore. 
I thought going to the movies was going to be our thing from now on? 
Exhaling another long rough breath, I glanced up and stared at her. “Is he here? Don’t be obvious.”
Jenna nodded and subtly looked over my shoulder. “Yeah he’s here, they’re all here. All of them.” 
“How does he look?” I asked. 
“He looks fine.” Jenna described.
“Who’s sitting next to him?”
Jenna didn’t answer and I knew instantly who it was. 
“Donna’s sitting next to him, right?” I concluded. 
“Yeah, grabbing his shoulders, laughing into his ear like he’s so funny!” Jenna fumed. “He’s a joke.” 
Okay, that was about as much as I could take. I got up, grabbed my left over lunch and threw it in the trashcan a few meters away. I walked back to the table. “I need to get out of here.” 
She nodded and I walked out of the cafeteria without another glance at the room, staring at the ground. 
Where did the confidence and courage go? 
It crumbled and vanished.
I had feelings…
I thought he said no distractions…. yet, there he was, with the biggest one, out at the movies. 
“Fireball?” 
I turned around, finding James standing in front of me, looking annoyed. 
“Where were you last night, before you texted me?” I asked. 
“I was out with my friends,” he answered, scowling. 
“You went to the movies.” I whispered. 
He exhaled a rough breath. “I went out with my friends. They wanted to go to the movies last night, what was I supposed to say, no?”
“I thought going to the movies was going to be our thing from now on?” I continued. 
“It wasn’t a big deal,” he said, clearly exasperated. 
My lip rippled but I did my best to contain it. “It is a big deal.” 
“Why do you have to be like this?” James scowled, looking away. 
“Why am I like this?” I repeated, incredulous. “Why are you like this? What happened to that stupid speech about distractions? You guys don’t need ‘cheerleaders’ at the movies. You make no sense.” 
Silence.
“You don’t want this, just be honest with me.” I told him, feeling wetness around my eyes. “What kind of a ‘boyfriend’ goes to the movies with another girl and her head is on his shoulder? You. Don’t. Want. Me.”
“Stop it.” he whispered, looking sad. “Stop being like this. Nothing happened last night. Donna put her head on my shoulder for a second, that’s it.”
“I’ve got to stop getting myself into these situations.” I said to him, a few tears escaping down my face. I wiped them away. “I don’t need you making me feel like I’m not good enough. I get that enough from my mom, my whole family, even… from myself. But not from you.”
“Stop.” James pleaded, taking a step closer, but I took a step back with my palm out.” 
“I’m crazy emotional. But hell James, I thought you were too.” I told him as another tear fell, and a few bitter chuckles leaving me. “We shared stuff. But apparently it wasn’t good enough for you. Just like I’m not good enough for you.”
“Stop.” he whispered, looking pained and bewildered.
Before I could answer back, a voice called out.
“James?”
Our heads turned simultaneously, finding Donna across the hallway, walking towards us, looking at me strangely.
“What are you doing out here, come back inside.” Donna said, coming to a stop in front of us. She looked at me curiously, raising an eyebrow. “Hello, Annabelle.”
“Hello Donna.” I told her back, matching her tone. 
She gave me a small smile, like she knew something and looked back at James fluttering her eyelids. “Are you done here, James?”
James looked at me narrowing his eyes. He shook his head subtly and glanced back at Donna. “Yeah.” 
“Cool.” She grabbed his arm and pulled him, eyeing me one last time. “Later Annabelle.” 
As she turned, James eyed me once more, piercing me with a scowl. I shrugged at him and quickly turned around, heading towards the washroom. I entered the quiet empty washroom, breathing a sigh of relief. I locked myself in my stall at the end, slid down against the back wall, and cried slowly.  
Was this always going to happen to me? 
My phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text. 

Tiger: You’re acting crazy, you know that.

Annabelle: I am, but it’s my own fault for trying to be with you. It was a mistake.

He didn’t text back. I tucked my phone back into my pocket. I tore two toilet paper squares and wiped my face with them. I got out of the stall and washed my face. My phone vibrated/chimed again, I sighed in relief, it was Jenna this time. 

Jenna: Boy wonder is not looking happy right now. He’s pissed.

Annabelle: Really?

Jenna: Oh shit, oh shit, a fight!

Annabelle: With who?

Jenna: James!

Annabelle: How! What happened?

Jenna: He came back inside looking pissed when Johnny from the soccer team accidently bumped into him. James shoved him back swearing, two seconds later they’re punching each other, and their boys were pulling them back!

I hurried down the hall towards the cafeteria. Once I was through the doors, it was chaos. Everyone was screaming and the soccer team and baseball team were yelling threats to one another. The shop teacher, the one supervising the lunchroom was in between them, threatening both sides to quiet down and calm down or else there would be a big problem. 
Johnny was sitting at his table with Becky Sloaner caressing the side of his face with an ice pack. My eyes trailed away towards the baseball team’s table, where the boys were huddled around James, puffing out their chests casting death glares at the soccer team. James was sitting hunched, with his head in his hands. Donna was sitting by his side obviously shaken. She was caressing his back, speaking to him closely. 
I scowled at her, but quickly turned away, making my way back to Jenna. Jenna and her friends were shaking with excitement, laughing loudly.
“Hey.” I said, sliding down onto the bench beside her, facing the entire room. 
“Oh Anna!” Jenna laughed. “You totally missed out!” 
“I’m not sure I did.” I murmured taking in the chaos of the room again. 
“Of course the ‘stars’ of athletics won’t actually get into any trouble, they can’t be suspended.” Jenna sneered, shaking her head to her friends. “What a fair world, they get into a fight, freaking pummel each other and get off with just a warning.” 
As Jenna and her friends continued to make fun of the situation, James looked up. His eyes in an instant found mine. He straightened in an instant, giving me the angriest scowl I had ever seen from him. He was practically exhaling fire. He looked at Donna and then smirked back at me. 
I shook my head at him. What do you think you’re doing?
He shrugged and turned away, talking to Donna, pretending like I didn’t exist anymore. 
“Well he moved on quickly.” Jenna whispered. 
“Yes he did.” I said back, not looking away. 
“Well good luck to her, she’s gonna need it, the way that guy operates.” Jenna sneered. 
“Yeah.” I muttered, and then exhaled. 
What a day. 

CHAPTER 30


Thursday October 11th 2012

The highs could only last for so long…. right? 
It was only a matter of time before whatever we had disintegrated…. right?
That it was only fluff to begin with, so expecting more was just plain old stupid… right?
Was it really just fluff?
Was I really too blind to see otherwise?
Or did I screw up again….
I don’t think so… facts are facts.
I looked down at the violet dress. The fabric was light and flowy, covering my thighs, stopping just above my knees. I looked cool.
I grabbed my wallet and phone, putting them in the pocket of my new denim jacket. Once I was downstairs, I slipped on my black Chucks.
“Anna?” Mom called from the kitchen.
“Yeah?” I called back.
“Are you going out?” Mom asked, walking out of the kitchen.
“I’m going back to school, there’s a friendly baseball game between our school and Pleasant View High.” I explained, holding the doorknob.
“Have fun, you look lovely,” she said, giving me an unfamiliar sweet smile.

*~*~*

The score was tied and it was down to James to make a good hit so that his team mates on second base and on third base could cross to home plate.
Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew were screaming loudly, chanting ‘Go James’. I wanted to plug my ears. I didn’t look at Jenna. I knew what her reaction to that horrible display of affection was without looking, and that was disgusted.
I stared at my ex, confident as he walked in front of the catcher holding his bat firmly in position. I crossed over to Dean, who I was shocked to see. He seemed focused, ready to use whatever he had to make James strike out.
Losing for either of them was not an option. And whoever did lose, was not going to take it well. This was personal, especially since they fought last month.
Everything just got serious. This was the moment. Dean swung his arm back, throwing the ball with what seemed like lightning speed. James swung his bat and missed.
“Strike one!” The Umpire guy yelled, I think that’s the Umpire at least.
Dean prepared another pitch and threw it even faster. The ball landed in the catcher’s mitt, James missed again. 
“Pay attention!” Our coach yelled, clearly exasperated. 
I thought this was supposed to be a friendly game? It seemed more competitive to me, like it was more important than the baseball team was letting on during the week. 
I didn’t get it. 
“This is it.” Jenna said. I watched the field with intense focus and was on edge. Who was going to pull through, James or Dean? 
Dean threw back his arm, and then quickly hurled the ball towards James. 
James swung his bat, this time hitting the ball, making a cracking noise. The ball flew into the air, flying high and far. James dropped his bat and shuffled slowly from side to side, waiting to see where the ball was going to go and whether or not it was going to be a home run. 
When the ball went over the Outfield players, the entire crowd from our school erupted into a crazy cheer. 
It’s a homerun, obviously, even I knew that. 
“That douchebag actually did it.” Jenna said in disbelief. “He hit the homerun that won the game!” 
She was pissed, she wanted him to fail, to be a disgrace and a failure to the school. 
“It’s fine, it’s more than fine, look how happy everyone is.” I gestured with my hand to the happy frenzy at the bottom. The people on the hill were happy too but not as happy as the diehard fans, meaning Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew who were jumping with joy, squealing as if they’d just won the lottery. 
I stared down at the field. James was in a hugging frenzy with his teammates. Dean kicked the dirt walking back to his side with his head down. 
Awe! Don’t be upset! I mentally told him. I watched him slump down on to the bench, curling his hands over his face. 
“Well… will you look at that.” Jenna sneered. My eyes snapped back to James as Donna creeped her way through the crowd, jumping into his embrace, hugging him tightly. He pulled back grinning. Donna clearly not having that hurled herself again into him, but before her lips touched his, he stopped her by pulling back. 
That made me smile. 
“Well that’s surprising.” Jenna snorted, shaking her head. “Anyways, so are you going to text Dean and tell him that you’re here? Maybe you guys can pick up where you left off?”
I looked at Jenna and shook my head. “What’s the point? We go to different schools.”

*~*~*

Jenna headed off home alongside her teammates. We lived in opposite directions, so I hung back to grab a drink of water. Most of the spectators had already left, leaving behind a few of my classmates chilling about. Two players from our team still lingered on the field, grabbing the rest of their things, shoving it inside their duffle bags. My mouth felt dry so I took a detour to the water fountain. I sipped cold water for a few seconds, allowing it to cool my dry tongue. I heard feet rustling behind me and immediately let go, stepping away. I’d had enough water anyways. 
I turned to see who it was and it was the two baseball players from the field. On closer inspection I realized who they were. I’d known them since freshman year, but I didn’t really ‘know’ them. 
My eyes met the one right behind me and he smiled. He wasn’t as tall as James or Dean but he was taller than me. He had dark brown hair under his backwards baseball cap. His brown eyes twinkled knowingly and then he did something shocking, he spoke to me. 
“Hey, Anna right?” he asked. The other one with dark blonde hair was also a good friend to James, came up and stood beside him, crossing his arms. I recognized him from last period History. I think his name was Tom. The first one, I wasn’t too sure. 
“Hey um, I’m sorry I don’t remember your name.” I said to the first one. Tom burst out laughing, grabbing and jerking what’s his name’s shoulder, whose jaw dropped in shock. 
“The name is Peter!” he cried, clearly horrified that I didn’t recognize him right away, considering he was one of the Kings of the hallway. He yanked his arm out of Tom’s grip. 
“Oh sorry, I had a brain freeze moment. I remember we had first period Chemistry last year.” I said to him. “I went to your party last month.”
“Oh cool, hoped you had good time.” Peter grinned, scanning me.
“I did.” I answered. Then I said something I shouldn’t have. “I know someone who knows your cousin Dan at Pleasant View.”
Why was I telling him this?
“Oh yeah, who?” Peter asked, curious.
“Dean.” I answered, timidly. I didn’t get myself sometimes.
Peter gave Tom a look before glancing back at me. “Oh really, the pitcher guy from Pleasant View? We just slaughtered them.”
Peter and Tom burst out laughing, slamming hands in a ‘Yeah bro’ kind of way.
“So Anna, you going to our victory party later at Thompsons Park?” Tom asked.
“I’ve got plans sorry.” I told them, feeling my face go red. What was going on? Why were they talking to me? 
“What about James?” Tom asked out of nowhere. 
My jaw dropped. 
How did they know about James and me? “What are you talking about? What do you mean, what about James?”
“Weren’t you guys hooking up?” Peter asked, giving Tom a serious look.
 “What exactly did he tell you guys?” I gulped, my heart pounding a mile a second.
 “You should go see him. He’s not… all there right now.” Tom said, giving Peter another knowing look.

CHAPTER 31




On my way to the parking lot, my phone vibrated. I pulled it out of my pocket and halted abruptly when I saw whom my latest text was from.

Tiger: Where are you?

Annabelle: Why do you want to know?

Tiger: Were you at the game?

Annabelle: Yes I was. I came because my friend Jenna asked me to.

Tiger: I see. So when do I get my congratulations kiss?

Annabelle: James you can’t talk like that to me anymore. We’re not together and no there will never, ever be anymore kisses from me to YOU! Besides it seems you already got your congratulations kiss from Donna. Why don’t you make things official with her, it’ll make her day.

Tiger: Donna? What are you talking about? I didn’t kiss her. Where are you now?

Annabelle: I’m somewhere you don’t need to know.

Tiger: Where are you?

Annabelle: Why do you need to know?

Tiger: Stop it. Tell me where you are.

Annabelle: James, I don’t know how many times I need to tell you this, but we are over!

Tiger: Where are you?

Annabelle: Enjoy Donna, later!

Tiger: I don’t like her. I care about you!

Annabelle: I don’t believe you. You don’t care about me.

Tiger: I care about you like crazy.

*~*~*

I knocked on his front door and he opened it right away.
He had the audacity to smile at me, like everything was okay. It wasn’t. I held a broken branch on my palm to him. “Here.” 
“Here?” he repeated, staring at the stick, confused.  
I handed him the stick. “Like a good puppy, right?” 
“What?” He grimaced, throwing the stick into the yard. “Get inside.” 
“Hey!” I turned, facing the yard. “Why’d you do that?”
“Get inside,” he hissed, pointing inside his house. 
“Let me go get the stick again, like a good little doggy, right?” I took one step towards the lawn when all of a sudden James had me over his shoulder entering his house, kicking his front door closed and heading up the stairs. 
“You’re crazy, you know that,” he said, panting. We entered his room and he put me down and then eyed his bed. 
“I’m not lying on your bed.” I plopped down to the floor, lying down with my head resting against the side of his bed. “This is my spot.” 
He crouched down, meeting me eye level. “Stop.” 
“Why?” I asked. “I’m crazy, remember?” 
He let out a rough breath and joined me on the floor, lying with his head resting against the side of his bed. “Is everyone at this school fucked in the head?” 
“Yeah, pretty much, but I’m glad to see you’re fitting in so well.” I informed him. He slid down closer to me, trying to touch shoulders but I pulled away. He smelled like shampoo and cologne and it was…. not right for my will power. 
He held the bottom of my dress up. “Nice dress.” 
I swatted his hand away and glanced at his face, and along his jawline there were still a few scratches from his fight with Johnny a week ago. “Nice scratch.” 
“It still hurts.” he informed.
“Okay,” I said, shrugging. 
“Well, make me feel better.” He smirked. “Give my scratches the kisses it needs to heal.” 
“Nope.” I clipped, shaking my head. “Not happening.” 
“You’re mean, you know that.” he accused, shaking his head. “Here I am, in pain, and you won’t even give me a kiss. If that isn’t the definition of cruel, then I don’t know what is.” 
I snorted, feeling extremely bitter. “Yeah, well you’re the definition of bullshit!” 
“Bullshit?” he screeched, incredulous. “Bullshit?” 
I leaned into him, balancing myself with my left hand and stopping an inch from his amused face. “Yeah, that’s right. Bullshit!”
All of a sudden, using his strength, he wrapped his muscled arm around my waist, pulling me into his embrace. 
“Let me go.” I hissed, my palms pushing at his thin white shirt, covering his firm chest. “I’ll rip your shirt and gag you with it if you don’t let me go.” 
Using his strength again, and not that I was really trying that hard to pull away, he rose with his arms wrapped around me and placed me down on my back. He let go and propped himself over me using his elbows. He lowered, stopping an inch from my mouth. “Do it. Rip my shirt off. I’ll rip your pretty dress off.” 
“You like doing this, don’t you?” I said, seething. “You’re so good at playing with my feelings. I swear to God, if it was a sport you’d get gold.”
“That’s a lie, I just want to be with you,” he murmured, his warm breath draping my lips, sending a shiver down my spine. My back curved upwards and my front pressed against his. 
“Baby, this school is fucked up. How many times do I have to tell you this?” James exclaimed, caressing the side of my face with his fingertips.
 “When you care to elaborate a little more on the subject. I need more than, this school is fucked up.” I uncurled my back, leaving his chest. I exhaled a rough breath and brought my forearm behind my head, feeling that bitter bug consume again, stopping ‘this’ from potentially happening again. The fact that it might happen again was worrying enough. I had some serious issues. I was letting him do it again… pulling me in. 
“I can make you feel.” he assured, grinding his body against mine. My eyelids closed as the first wave of pleasure shot through me. 
“I wish… I could just let go.” I whispered as he planted his face into my neck, kissing the skin underneath my jawline. “But you make it so hard.” 
His face left my neck, rising a few inches above my mouth. “That day should have never happened. I’ve been dreaming about touching you since that fucked up day.”
“I don’t get you.” I sighed, exhausted. “You act like you don’t even know me at school, yet you told all your friends about me.” 
“Yeah, why wouldn’t I. You’re my girl.” he stated, making my skin tingle. 
“You’re driving me crazy.” I moaned, feeling every depressing emotion from the last month come back to me at full force. 
“Do you see those girls that hang around us, they’re freaking piranhas. If they saw me with another girl besides one of them, they’d be on you like fresh meat. They think they’re invincible. Got some of the faculty to back them up too when they get into fights with other girls.” he explained, wide eyed. “Nobody’s going to touch my girl. Tomorrow, things will be different.” 
I sighed and caressed the tip of his lip. “I hope so. Because tomorrow is it for me, for real.” 

*~*~*

I wiped steam off the bathroom mirror back at my house a few hours later. My reflection was a blur of condensation and as I waited for our fan to clear the humidity away I thought about what I had done earlier. We’d been legit alone at his house. His brother and sister had no school tomorrow so his dad took the whole brigade to their cottage a day early.
“Being here, with you, like this. It’s everything. I want to make love to you, baby. Do you want to?” he asked, grinding his thigh where I was most….
I gave him a timid nod. “Yeah, I want to.” 
Completely naked, our bodies pressed against one another. Any wave of doubt I had about my body not being potentially ‘sex’ ready was quickly forgotten. I didn’t care.
“You’re amazing.” he hummed, eyes transfixed. 
“Do you have a condom?” I asked, grabbing his shoulders, stopping him from moving. 
“Yeah.” he answered. 
“Have you ever had sex before?” I asked, letting go of his arms. 
He nodded, pressing his chest into mine. “Yeah, but not since meeting you.”
He reached over to his nightstand and pulled out a square foil packet from inside the drawer. He took the latex out and slid it over his man part, which had grown even larger. I stared at it fascinated.
“You like what you see, Fireball?” James smirked as he nestled against me again, all wrapped up.
 “Shut up.” I whispered, slightly embarrassed.
He positioned himself down there. “This might hurt a little, Fireball.” 
“Don’t fuck me up, Tiger.” I whispered, my heart pounding faster. Now, this was really it. It was going to happen. 
He pressed the tip of his man over my edge and entered one slow inch at a time. Breathing harshly, I felt myself expanding, the pressure intensifying the more he pushed through. He stopped and looked at me. “You okay?”
“Go slow,” I ordered, clenching my jaw from the intense discomfort.
A loud knock brought me back. The mirror was clear, I viewed my flushed reflection as the locked bathroom door rattled, someone trying to open it from the hallway.
“What are you doing in there, Annabelle? You’ve been in there forever!” Katherine screeched. “I need to use the bathroom too. It’s not only yours!” 

CHAPTER 32


Friday October 12th 2012

In the hallway there was no sign of James, or any other King. Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew were absent as well. My heart pounded as I exchanged some notebooks in my locker and then headed to English. Usually they’d all huddle together a row of lockers away from English, but I didn’t see any of them. 
He’s going to break his promise.
I shook the thought away and entered English. The room was half filled and I chose a seat in the back next to the window. Ten minutes went by, a few more people showed up, but there was still no James. The final bell rang and Mr. Doors got up from his chair and closed the door. 
Mr. Doors stood in front of the chalkboard, rubbing his hands together, scouring the room. He raised an eyebrow. “I hope everyone remembers that today is a half day. Some of you decided not to show up, making it an unofficial long weekend. Our class still counts and I will be teaching you something that will be very valuable during next week’s midweek quiz. As for the students that decided to not show up today, you all are welcome to share your notes, but I think if you want it to be fair you shouldn’t and let them worry. Tough luck for them.” 
Today’s a half-day! 

*~*~*

I didn’t do anything wrong last night. But would Jenna think so? 
Shit! 
How was I going to explain last night to her? 
“What did you do after? Did you go home?” Jenna asked as we stopped next to the curb, waiting for her mom’s blue minivan to show up. 
“Yeah, I went home.” I answered, which technically was the truth, I did go home after the game. A few hours later, but still, I went home, so it didn’t count as a lie. There was no way I could tell her, she’d kill me or worse stop being my friend because she couldn’t handle my up and down craziness. She already thought I was stupid, I could tell even if she didn’t flat out say it. 
Wait a minute this was Jenna, she totally said it, just in her own way.
But could I really keep this ‘big momentous thing’ from her? This was big news in the best friend department… LOSING YOUR VIRGINITY. 
I lost mine last night and in the best friend rulebook weren’t you supposed to tell your BFF right away? It’s already been over twelve hours. If I waited any longer it might be worse. 
I’d better tell her before her mom showed up. 
Face to face. 
“Jenna?” I said to her. “I have something to tell you.” 
“Ugh oh, I know that face, Anna. What happened, something did happen right?” Jenna exclaimed, looking horrified, then something flashed over her eyes and she looked at me in shock. “Don’t tell me you – you did what I hoped you said you were never going to do ever again.” 
I gave her my best ‘oops’ look. “I’m sorry.” 
She snorted. “Sure you are. What you guys do, fool around in his car?” 
I looked away, feeling very guilty. “Something like that.” 
“No.” Jenna whispered, hoarsely. “No.” 
I gazed back at her. “Things kind of….” I started to explain but she held out her palm for me to stop.
“No.” she whispered again, shaking her head like it wasn’t true. “You didn’t.”
“Surprise,” I cringed. “I’m not a…. virgin anymore.” 
I quickly turned so I wouldn’t have to see her death glare. 
I felt her hands grip my shoulders tightly. “Oh no you don’t, you look me in the eye, Miss… I give douchebag boys everything they want!”
 “I wanted to.” I declared, hoping she’d lay off a little knowing that fact. 
“Yeah, well where’s Boy Wonder now?” Jenna hissed, looking over my shoulder. Her mom’s blue minivan pulled to the curb. 
The passenger side window rolled down and Mrs. Sabini yelled through it. “Hello Anna banana! How are you, sweetie?” 
“Hi, I’m okay!” I told her with a huge smile, blinking away the slight wetness around my eyes. I loved Jenna’s mom. 
“Do you need a ride, sweetheart?” Mrs. Sabini asked me. 
“No I’m okay, I need the exercise.” I told her. 
“You don’t need the exercise, you’re perfect.” She laughed, looking at me like I was crazy, but in a nice way. 
I smiled at her. “Thank you, but I’m okay.”
“Are you sure?” she asked again. 
“She’s sure Mom!” Jenna answered for me and turned to her mom. “Mom, I just need a minute to speak with Annabelle, top secret stuff.”
“Oh, okay, got it, sweetheart.” Mrs. Sabini nodded, understanding right way and rolled the window back up giving us privacy. 
“Well?” Jenna pushed. “What’s the plan?” 
I shrugged. “I don’t know what I’m going to do.” 
“This time it’s personal, we need to get to the bottom of things in the next few days, if not today. I’m serious! I want blood. If he’s playing again, he needs to feel pain!” Jenna exclaimed seriously. 
I stared at her wide-eyed, shocked. “I’m going to try and contact him, if he doesn’t answer me with an explanation, I’ll call you.” 
Jenna opened the sliding van door and turned to me. “You better, or else you’re shark bait!” She waved goodbye and slammed the door shut. Her mom waved at me and drove off. 
I pulled out my phone and dialed his number. I needed to hear his voice so he could confirm the mix up with today. That he was at home, sleeping the day away. The line connected and rang for a few seconds, and then abruptly the answering machine came on. 
“Leave me a message and I’ll get back to you soon.” James’ voice took over the receiver. I hung up, not wanting to leave a message. 
I decided to text him. 

Annabelle: Where are you?

*~*~*

Dean: What are you doing now?

Annabelle: Relaxing, thinking.

Dean: Thinking about what?

Annabelle: Life, making mistakes.

Dean: I can relate. I keep thinking about a big mistake I made a while ago.

Annabelle: You wanna share that mistake.

Dean: When I didn’t call you after that disaster date.

Annabelle: it’s okay, I’m over it.

Dean: I’m not. I wish I did things differently.

Annabelle: I wish I had done some things differently too.

Dean: Like?

Annabelle: I’d rather not say it’s embarrassing.

Dean: I can respect that. By the way I was at your school yesterday. I didn’t see you.

Annabelle: I saw you.

Dean: You did? Why didn’t you come say hi?

Annabelle: I was dealing with some stuff.

Dean: I can respect that.

Annabelle: Hope you’re not sad still.

Dean: Meh, I got over it. It was just a friendly game, doesn’t count. At least that’s what I’ve been telling myself to help ease the pain of losing to that douchebag James guy. I think it only stings as much if I was being honest was because it was him hitting that homerun, winning the game for your school. He’s an asshole.

Annabelle: Yeah, that pretty much sums up who he is….

Dean: Anyways…. what are you doing tonight?

Annabelle: Nothing, why?

Dean: Some of my friends and I are going to see that new action adventure movie, you should come with us, bring your friend too.

Annabelle: Can I get back to you about that?

Dean: Yeah, we’re going to the 7:30 pm show. Text me.

Annabelle: Okay.

I dropped my phone on the side table and tucked my head into my hands. Why was this happening to me? 
My door bursts open with Jenna steam rolling in. “Anna, fire up your laptop!” 
I jumped off my bed and quickly shut the door behind her. “What happened?” I asked her as she planted herself on my desk chair, turning on my laptop. 
“The final nail, my friend.” she screeched a touch quieter. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked, my heart thumping miles a second. 
“By the way, Latisha put her profile on private, hence me being here to show you this.” She logged into her account. “Guess what I found on her page like thirty minutes ago? By the way she didn’t show up for practice this morning either. Not cool.” 
“What’d you find?” I asked her quietly, slowly.
“All of them, together at some cabin place.” Jenna informed, clicking on Latisha’s page. A window popped up and Jenna scrolled the cursor down to a folder called ‘Our long weekend bitches!’.
She opened the file and ten photos popped up. I leaned over her shoulder to get a better look. Picture after picture, they were all the same, their group together, hanging out on the beach, looking like they were having the time of their lives. The time was stamped at the bottom. A few of them were from 9am this morning. 
The last photo was taken just recently. Their group was chilling around a fire. James was sitting on a large with Peter, Tom…. and Donna. 
Jenna pointed at the screen. “Bingo, bango… caught you.” 

CHAPTER 33




I coughed and waved her away. “I’m choking!”
“Good, that means you have just the right amount on.” She smiled and placed the spray can down on my desk. 
“My room is a gas chamber!” I choked. 
“The price you pay to look hot, Anna.” Jenna snorted. 
It was my turn to snort. “Hot? I’m decent at best.” 
“Shut it, you look hot as hell, in fact don’t move, I need to take another picture.”  She reached for her phone on my bed. 
My eyes rolled. “Haven’t you already taken enough?” 
She ignored me and positioned her smartphone. “Give me a hot pose, something that screams, come and get me boys!” 
I laughed. “What? I’m not a stripper!” 
“No, but in that skirt, you could be…. so scandalous!” Jenna grinned slyly. 
Instantly I pulled at the skirts hem. “You said it wasn’t that short!” I stressed. 
“Yeah, I lied.” she said nonchalantly. “And no, you can’t take it off!” 
Great!
In front of the mirror applying mascara, Jenna cleared her throat. “Um, the whole virginity thing, are you okay about that?” 
I shrugged. “I wanted to.” 
Jenna rolled her eyes. “I’m sure it was nothing to call the president about anyways.” 
“It was okay.” I informed her sheepishly. 
“Anna!” Jenna’s jaw dropped. “You’re not supposed to be complimenting his skills. You’re supposed to be downgrading them! Jesus, have I taught you nothing in life?” 
 
*~*~*

“Wow.” Dean murmured, scanning me up and down as he rounded his car in the movie theater’s parking lot. “Anna, where have you been hiding?” 
I looked away shyly. “I’m still the same girl.”
“Only hotter,” Jenna stated as she got out of the backseat of Dean’s Honda. She smoothed the back of her black sundress. She looked so good. Her long dark hair was in a high ponytail, minimal makeup on, unlike mine, which she happily slathered with all the trimmings. In a skirt and the shiny tank top, I paired the outfit with my denim jacket and black Chucks.
Dean leaned against the hood of his car, smiling at me. I smiled shyly back at him. 
“Don’t move!” Jenna ordered, pulling out her smartphone and pointing it at us. “Annabelle, sit next to Dean.” 
My eyes rolled and I slid next to Dean, eying him apologetically. “Sorry, she’s trying to spice up my profile.” 
“That’s cool.” Dean grinned, putting his arm around me. 
“Smile guys.” Jenna ordered, snapping the photo. “Got it!” 
Dean lowered his arm and pulled out his phone.
“What are you doing?” I grinned, extending my arm back to lean on it. 
“Friending you.” Dean said, playing with his phone. 
I blinked. “Really?”
“Yep,” Jenna answered for him. “Just got it and I’m accepting him for you right now.” 
Jenna had my account open on her phone so she could add pictures as she saw fit. My profile pic was the first thing she changed. It was a far cry from my original pic, a photo of me when I was fourteen in a witch’s costume for Halloween. 
“Just uploaded the photo, and Dean, totally just tagged you now!” Jenna confirmed. 
“Great.” I muttered, feeling my face heat at an accelerated rate. Her enthusiasm was killing me. “Can we go now?” 
Dean laughed. I could feel his eyes on me. “You two are funny.” 
“And hot.” Jenna added as she pulled me off the hood and linked her arm through mine. We headed to the theater’s entrance.
“That’s for sure,” Dean said smoothly, right behind us. 
“What else have you been adding on my page?” I whispered to Jenna. 
“Oh nothing really, just a few updates on your timeline, accepting a few friend requests.” Jenna answered. 
My jaw dropped. “Who? You didn’t say anything about friend requests.” I hissed. 
“Relax, it’s no big deal, it’s just a few people from the swim team.” Jenna explained, looking straight ahead. 
“Like who?” I pressed. 
“Like, Don, Gabe, Tina, Jerry, Sally, Dana,” Jenna said. “And Latisha.” 
“Latisha!” My jaw dropped, again. “Why would she friend request me, we don’t talk.” 
Jenna snorted. “You think she cares about that, she just likes having a lot of ‘friends’ online, and also because she’s nosy. I put our pictures up on my timeline and that’s how she found you.” 
“That’s it, log out of my account.” I ordered her. 
“You’re no fun!” Jenna pouted, tapping her phone. “There, all logged out.” 
My eyes rolled. “It might be too late, the damage is already done.” 
“You should be kneeling before me, praying for my thanks. I saved you!” Jenna exclaimed dramatically, and then chuckled. 
“Whatever.” I muttered, and then twisted my neck catching Dean’s amused expression.
“You guys,” Dean chuckled. “Are interesting.”
Jenna snorted. “And you love it!” 
“That too!” Dean grinned, jogging up to us. We crossed the parking lot and entered the crowded theater. The excitement of everyone around us was contagious, even though I still felt slightly hollow. 
 “Joe!” Dean called at a tall, very familiar figure, busy staring at the movie time board. His dark brown hair was smoothed back and he was wearing a dark blue button down with black jeans.
Joe? 
Then it came to me, he was Dean’s best friend. The last time I saw him was at the park when he got into a fight with James. 
Joe faced us with a huge grin. He slapped hands with Dean, who then introduced us. Joe smiled at me for a second as he remembered who I was. When his eyes scanned over to Jenna, they twinkled, seeming mesmerized. 
“Hey.” Joe said to her, seeming captivated, his eyes never leaving hers. 
I stared at her, amused at her just as captivated expression. Jenna gave him a small smile. “Hi.” 
Well look who’s boy struck now! I thought, stifling a huge smile. 
“Let’s get tickets!” Dean said loudly, breaking their stare off. He eyed me and I could see that he’d caught on and thought it was funny too. 
Joe broke eye contact first. “Yeah, tickets.” He coughed. We got in line, the boys in front, Jenna and I behind them. I shoved my shoulder playfully into hers, eyeing her like ‘I know’. 
“Shut up.” she muttered, rolling her eyes. 
“Wait, let me get my phone out, I can take a picture of you two and you can put it on your profile! Then you can friend him and tag him in it.” I giggled, pretending to reach for my phone. Her hand shot out, stopping me. 
“Don’t you dare,” she hissed, her face turning red. This was new. Jenna didn’t get flustered this easily. I guess someone’s got a crush. 
Today will go down in the books. The day Jenna turned red over a boy that had nothing to do with being angry. 
I quietly laughed. Jenna looked like she was having trouble breathing. I wanted to yell out congratulations to her, welcoming her to the world of crushing on boys. 
But because I was a good friend, I decided not to. 
She should totally learn from me. 
When it’s our turn to buy tickets, the boys pushed themselves forward and crowded the front register. Jenna and I tried to squeeze through to pay for our own tickets, but the boys weren’t having it, barely acknowledging us as we pleaded with them to contribute. The boys paid and the ticket agent slid over four tickets. Dean took two and Joes took two. 
Jenna and I gave each other bewildered looks, like we couldn’t believe this was happening. 
Dean handed me a ticket. “Here you go.” 
I took it from his hand, his fingers grazing my skin purposefully. “Dean,” I murmured. “Thank you.”
He waved me off like it was no big deal, but looked away embarrassed. 
I glanced at Jenna who was taking the ticket out of Joe’s hand slowly. Clearly he’s worn her down. They stared at each other longer than normal. 
“Hey, let’s get snacks!” I yelled, breaking their trance. “Jenna and I will buy the snacks!” 

*~*~*

After the movie, we’d all decided to go to the park. Apparently there was a little game going on with Dean’s friends and he and Joe thought it would be fun to go and watch, maybe even play a little. 
I rode with Dean as Jenna opted to go with Joe in his car. Since meeting Joe a few hours ago, she’s had stars in her eyes. Joe was no different, he was completely enamored by her, practically following her like a little puppy dog. 
He was officially obsessed. Not that I blamed him… my best friend was awesome. Thinking of them hitting it off this fast had made me smiling big. 
“Did I tell you, that you look amazing tonight?” Dean grinned, driving into the park’s parking lot. I’d recognized it immediately, it was the same park he brought me to last time. O’Reilly’s
Let’s hope there isn’t a repeat of that this time. 
“Yeah, but you don’t have to stop saying it. A girl could get used to hearing endless amounts of compliments per second.” I grinned. 
Dean pulled his car to a stop. “You do, you look amazing tonight. I’m a lucky guy.” 
I looked away, embarrassed. “Dean, come on.”
“No, I’m being real with you. I’m lucky.” he assured, grabbing my hand, rubbing his fingers in my palm. 
“Then I’m lucky too.” I smiled looking back at him. 
“Duh, of course you are. You’re out with Pleasant Views Star Pitcher!” He laughed and got out of the car. I shook my head and got out too.
“Still lacking in confidence I see.” I said across the hood of the car as he gave me a playful grin. 
“What’s taking you guys so long, come on!” Jenna yelled as she and Joe crossed the parking lot. 
“We’ve been summoned, let’s go before she chops off our heads!” I smirked, grabbing him and pulling him towards them. 
“I’ll go anywhere you wanna pull me to.” Dean said. 
“Are you sure about that?” I narrowed my eyes at him. 
He nodded. “Yeah, I’m sure.” 

CHAPTER 34


Monday October 15th 2012

“Anna!” Jenna yelled, pushing off the railing at the bottom of the stairs in front of school. 
I walked by her and headed up the stairs, feeling a new bundle of nerves grow inside of me. “Is it me or are you having a hard time breathing too?”
Jenna laughed behind me, catching up by skipping steps. “No, it’s just you!” 
“I need words of encouragement.” I exclaimed. 
“You’re going to be fine.” Jenna advised, as if it were that simple. 
We crossed the crowded terrace and entered inside. In the hallway and on a freshly cleaned floor, I gulped nervously. Jenna squeezed my shoulder and headed off to her locker. 
I glanced down the hallway and breathed a sigh of relief, James and his boys were nowhere in sight. Class was starting in ten minutes. I headed straight to English, not wanting that awkward moment of walking by them in case they showed up all of a sudden. I went to English and thankfully class was only half full. I picked a seat in the middle. 
I became enamored with my notebook, looking over my notes from last class when the bell rang. A stampede of students rushed inside. I focused on their legs shuffling in and quickly noticed his mixed in with the crowd. 

*~*~*

I headed to the cafeteria without waiting for Jenna. 
In the cafeteria, the lunch line was quickly lengthening. I quickly took my place. As the line moved forward, my phone rang. I checked the screen and smiled, it was Dean.
“Hey.” I answered. “Long time no talk.”
He laughed. “Hi, yeah I know. I didn’t want seem desperate. Do you have lunch now?”
“Yeah, in the lunch line now. Do you have lunch too?” I asked. 
“Yeah, I’m actually sitting across Joe right now. He says ‘hey’.” Dean said. 
“Oh yeah, say ‘hey’ back to him. Should I say ‘hey’ to Jenna for him too?” I chuckled, hearing Dean ask Joe if I should pass a message along to Jenna for him. I couldn’t hear Joe’s response but Dean laughed. 
“That would be a no,” Dean said back into the receiver. 
“He should just come out and say he loves her, I mean I’ve never seen a guy slobber over a girl before.” I explained, laughing a little. I was about to say something else when I felt my hair being tugged back.
“Owe.” I yelped quietly. 
“Everything okay?” Dean asked, concerned. I turned my body and came face to face with the one person I didn’t want to see today. 
James.
He stood behind me with two of his friends, smirking to themselves. I scowled at them and turned around. 
“I’m okay, just some asshole who thinks he’s being funny.” I said loud enough so that he could hear. 
“I wish I was there right now, they wouldn’t be doing that stuff to you if I was there!” Dean growled. 
I could hear their laughter escalating.
I knew it was about me. 
“Dean, I have to go,” I said, feeling my face heat up. 
“I’ll call you later, give those guys hell okay!” Dean said. I hung up and tucked my phone into my pocket. 
The line moved forward thankfully and I entered the restaurant quickly making my way to the refrigerator to grab a salad. I could feel him right behind me as I opened the sliding door. I ignored him, grabbed a salad and water bottle, circled around him and paid for my food. I walked out of the restaurant and headed towards Jenna. I slid on to the bench, shaking. 
“What happened?” Jenna’s eyes widened. 
 “Nothing.” I told her, trying to take the lid off my salad, but my fingers kept slipping. I was shaking too much.
“Bullshit.” Jenna sneered, grabbing my salad bowl and taking the lid off. 

*~*~*

“Anna.” Jenna whispered behind me.
“What is it?” I asked as I tucked my notebook into my bag and shut my locker.
“Don’t turn around.” Jenna ordered, sounding urgent. 
My eyes widened. “Why?” 
“Because, there’s a show going on behind you.” Jenna stated, sounding pissed. I could hear the disgust in her voice. 
I exhaled loudly, looking at my closed locker. “Is it James again?” 
“Yep, and a certain someone shoving her boobs from left to right, you’d think there was a freaking compass in them.” Jenna laughed bitterly. 
I chuckled at the thought of Donna’s boobs acting like a compass. “Can I look now?”
I waited a few seconds, but Jenna still didn’t say anything. 
“Well?” I asked, impatiently. I wanted to leave school and go home. This day was already exhausting enough as it was, I didn’t need another reminder of how crappy it was.
“Yeah,” Jenna began to say. “They don’t look like they’re going anywhere anytime soon, the whole lot of them. Why are they even chilling in this part of the hallway anyways? School’s over, they should all be in the parking lot banging each other, quoting Beavis and Butthead, or doing whatever it is that they do.”
“I don’t care.” I muttered, turning around anyways, even if they were there, I wasn’t going to allow them to make me feel nervous, not in my hallway. 
A row of lockers away from mine, James and his boys, plus Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew were crowding around each other, laughing loudly and play fighting. Donna’s boobs were popping dangerously out of her low cut pink tank top. A few of the guys were laughing at her about something. She tried to hit them, but failed miserably when they ducked easily. 
“You think she’s doing it on purpose? Pretending to try and hit them or is she really that weak?” Jenna pondered beside me, leaning on the locker next to mine. I leaned against mine and stared at them with her.
“I don’t know, all I do know… is that she’s crazy about him.” I exhaled, not looking away. “Why doesn’t he just make it official with her? Wouldn’t his life be easier with a popular girl by his side?”
Jenna snorted. “Screw him. You’re amazing, he should have counted his lucky stars he got to tap this.” 
I laughed and faced her. “Jenna!”
She tilted her head back and laughed. “What? It’s true isn’t it?”
I shook my head, amused, feeling my face go warm from embarrassment. “I can’t believe you said that!”
“And you’re lucky that’s all I said!” Jenna exclaimed loudly. She grabbed my arm and pushed me forward. “Let’s go, my mom’s waiting for me out front, and I’m tired of staring at the dumb squad.”
“Great.” I muttered, not laughing anymore. I’d have to walk by them now, which was the last thing I’d wanted to do.
Why couldn’t graduation be today? It would have been perfect, we could have all gone our separate ways, never having to see one another again.
 “It’s going to be okay.” Jenna assured, moving through the crowded hallway towards the exit, which was inconveniently located all the way down the hall. 
“I hope so.” I muttered following her, feeling butterflies in my stomach the closer we got to them. All of a sudden their laughter dimmed noticeably quieter and I knew it was because of me.
“Hey Anna!” One of them snickered. I ignored whoever it was. “Awe James, she’s ignoring me too.”
James didn’t say anything.
I felt pathetic. 
I didn’t deserve this... 
We passed them, but a few feet away down the hallway Tom was heading toward us. He glanced over my shoulder to the group and then eyed me, smirking. 
Great. 
They were all in on it. 
Tom stopped right beside us, grinning. “Hey Anna, long time no see.” 
I glanced at Jenna who looked like she was about to burst into flames, she was that angry. But I shook my head at her and turned to Tom. If this was how they all wanted to play, well, I could play too. 
It was time for James to have a little taste of his own medicine. I pulled Jenna to a stop. Using every ounce of courage I had, I casted aside any reservation I would have had speaking to a boy from this particular group (besides James) and smiled at Tom.
You know, the kind of smile that screamed ‘I find you attractive’. 
“Hi Tom, yeah it’s been awhile, a whole ten minutes since History finished.” I giggled, doing my best to sound dimwitted and flirty. “You take notes?”
He peered over my shoulder looking stunned for a few seconds. He blinked back and our eyes met. He smiled timidly back, clearly amused that I answered him, considering everything that’s happened. “Yeah, but a whole ten minutes, that’s a long time. I took notes, you wanna borrow them.” 
I smirked. “Nah, I’ve seen your handwriting.”
His jaw dropped, amused still. “My handwriting rocks, I’m a pro at note taking!” 
“I’m sure. I saw you play during the game last Thursday, you were great.” I told him, staring deep into his blue eyes. Tom was the same height as James, and he was cute too. 
“Thanks,” He smiled sweetly, looking sheepish for a second before glancing over my shoulder again, with the smile wiped off. “Bro, what’s up?” 
I turned my head, finding James and a few of his ‘bros’ standing behind us. His green eyes met mine and he narrowed them accusatorily. I shrugged at him, doing my best to seem indifferent. I mustered every ounce of strength I had to not blink. 
“What’s going on here?” Roy asked, one of the pitchers for the baseball team. He was shorter than Tom and James, and had blonde hair and brown eyes. 
I answered him. “Oh nothing important really, we were just talking about History class and other stupid stuff.”
“Sure you were.” James scowled, giving Tom a death glare. 
I felt Jenna tug my hand, motioning for us to go. I could tell she was about to blow by the way her hand shook. So for her sake and mine, I’d better wrap up this little party. 
James sneered. “You got something you want to say?” 
“Not to you.” I jeered back.
Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew joined the boys. Donna wiggled her way next to James and raised an eyebrow at me.
“Hello Annabelle,” Donna said, acidly. 
I eyed her calmly. “Hello Donna, you look nice today.” 
She blinked back her shock. “Thank you.” 
“Yeah, pink’s a great color for you.” I told her, and then eyed the two of them. “You guys look great together.”
“What are you talking about?” James grimaced, sounding confused.
I eyed him, smirking. “Well, I’m talking about you and Donna. You two make a beautiful couple.”
Donna eyed James for a few seconds, waiting for him to say something. When he didn’t, she faked a laugh like she thought it was crazy too. She tilted her head to the side and sighed, looking at me like I was a stupid idiot who didn’t know any better. “We’re not like that, sweetie.” 
“You need to have your brain checked,” James announced at me, eyeing his boys as if I were unstable, and then glanced back at me.
“Screw you.” I murmured to him. 
With his eyes hardening angrily, James jerked his chin toward the exit. “Get out of here.”
I shook my head at him. “No, I think I’ll stay. I’ve got some free time.” 
I eyed Donna and she started giggling, eyeing her girls sneakily before glancing back at me. “You should have a lot of free time from now on, Fireball!” She bursts into laughter, as did her girls. I heard gasps coming from everywhere. 
Shock took over. What? 
“You told her?” I asked him slowly, sounding confused, and feeling bewildered in a betrayed, this couldn’t be happening, wow I was an idiot, kind of way. 
“I’ve had enough!” Jenna declared loudly, turning and joining my side. She pointed to James. “You are an…. asshole!”
Then she pointed to Donna. “And you are a little…. skanky… skank!” 
Donna’s jaw dropped. “What did you call me?” she hissed, her eyes flaring with immediate anger. 
Jenna placed a hand to her hip and jerked her head forward. “You heard me!”
Donna stepped forward and tried to push Jenna but her girls grabbed her shoulders, stopping her. “Don’t Donna, you’ll get into trouble!”
His nickname for me was supposed to be private, only for him to use. Salty wetness draped my face. I wiped my face but there was no point, tears kept flowing. “You told her?” 
He shook his head, grimacing. “I didn’t, she heard it from somewhere else.”
“Bitch, you better… step back!” Jenna announced loudly at Donna who was struggling to break free from her girls. Jenna raised both her fists and pointed them to Donna. “Honey, I’m a champion swimmer, check out the biceps. There ain’t nothing fake about these babies, yah hear me!”
 Jenna eyed Donna one last time, then grabbed my arm and tried to pull me away from the death glare I was giving James. “Anna, let’s go, now.” 
I wasn’t going anywhere.
“I can’t believe you.” I cried quietly at him, beyond disappointed and past the point of betrayal. Tears were flowing all over my face. “I can’t believe you. That was supposed to be private. You told all of them!” 
“I didn’t!” James growled, visibly shaking. “I didn’t say a God damn thing.” 
“You’re a liar!” I yelled, not caring anymore who heard, who witnessed. If they wanted to, they could all talk about me for the next millennium. I was going to say everything out loud. “You are a liar!” 
Roy stepped forward with his palms up. “Anna, chill. He didn’t tell Donna.” 
James jerked his head towards his friend sharply. “You see, I’m telling the truth, I didn’t say anything!” 
Donna stopped trying to get out of her girls’ grasp and looked at James pathetically. “James?” she cried, but he didn’t look at her, he just kept looking at me, his chest pumping in and out. 
“I don’t believe you.” I cried, feeling more tears cascade down. I tried to wipe them away but there were too many. “You’re an asshole.” 
Roy stepped forward. “Anna, Donna probably heard us talk about you, that’s how she knows.”
“I don’t care.” I snapped at him, and then faced James again. My eyes were bulging out, stinging from all the tears escaping. “I don’t care anymore about you, you can go do whatever you want. I don’t care!”
“Are you done?” James asked bitterly. “You’re acting like a psychopath.” 
“Good.” I spat back at him. “Good!”
I felt Jenna grab my shoulder, trying to push me back. I moved back a few spots, but my eyes never left his. “I’m done with you!” I yelled at him.
I glanced around and the entire hallway once alive with loud, crazy after school chatter went very quiet. They were all staring at us. 
We were the show. 
But this needed to happen. 
I’d had enough. 
“You lied.” I cried, shaking my head at him as Jenna pushed me backwards towards the exit. “You… lied.” 
Looking very angry he lunged forward, but arms shot out stopping him. “Let me go!” he roared at his friends, who weren’t wavering on their grip on him. 
“No dude, let it go.” They told him as he struggled to break free. 
“Anna, come on, let’s go, don’t pay any more attention to those jerk offs.” Jenna ordered as we entered the terrace. We quickly trekked down the stairs not saying another word before we hit the curb where her mom normally picked her up. 
Jenna ran her fingers through her hair, looking bewildered. “Oh my God, I can’t believe that just happened.” 
I gulped, feeling my face begin to cool, even though it was really hot outside. That’s how hot I was. “I know.” I panted. 
“He deserved that. You humiliated him right in front of everyone!” Jenna yelled joyously, fist pumping over her head. “And Donna, can you believe her? That crazy skank has a lot of nerve! She totally knew what she was doing when she called you Fireball! She’s lucky I didn’t punch her mouth!”
I shook my head at her. “I would have stopped you, it would have ruined any chance of you getting a scholarship. She’s not worth it. None of them are worth it.” I breathed, trying to control the quivers in my voice. 
“You’re right, they’re not.” Jenna said, and then glanced over my shoulder. “My mom’s here.”
“Okay, I’ll talk to you later.” I told her, beginning to walk away. I knew my face was red and I didn’t want her mom seeing me like this. I needed the time it took to get home for the color in my face to return back to normal and for the rest of my face to dry out. Not to mention the fact that my eyes were probably glowing red. 
I felt Jenna grab my shoulders. “Oh no you don’t, I’m not leaving you alone for Mr. Douchebag to come driving up next to you while you walk home. I’m driving you home.” 
I shook my head. “No, I don’t want your mom to see me like this!” I pointed to my face. 
“You’re fine, just a little red. We’ll tell her you threw up from eating something bad during lunch. She’ll believe that for sure.” Jenna assured, pulling me to the curb as her mom’s blue minivan rolled up. The window rolled down.
“Hey Anna banana, how are you my sweet darling?” Mrs. Sabini called from the driver’s seat with a huge smile. 
Mustering up whatever was left of my spirit, which was micro, I smiled timidly at her. “Hi, I’m okay.” 
Jenna opened the back door and yelled. “Mom, we’re giving Anna a ride home, she’s not feeling well.”
“No problem, my pleasure!” she yelled, sounding happy.
“Thanks.” I told her, and then eyed Jenna sternly. 
Jenna jerked her head to the side, motioning for me to go in. “You first.” 
Just breathe. 

*~*~*

There was only one room left for me to go to.
The closest thing to a safe zone I had. 
The door was locked and that was okay, usually our bathrooms were. I was safe for now, because there was no room for pointless words on positivity or how I could have done things better. 
Not in here. 
It was going to be a long shower. 
My eyes shut tightly and I hugged my knees, sitting in the bathtub while hot water drizzled against my back. 
Besides the comforting sound of pounding water, the silence that accompanied it was greatly appreciated. But tragically not long after I’d stepped inside the bathtub, a knock on the door jerked me out of the heavenly sedation. 
“Annabelle?” Mom called from the hallway. And if my mom had anything to do with it, the shower was about to be cut short. 
“Sweetie, are you okay?” Mom’s muffled voice traveled through the locked bathroom door and the fog of hot water to me. 
 “I’m fine.” I spoke loud enough for her to hear. 
“Are you going to be finished soon?” Mom asked. 
Maybe she wanted to use the shower. “Yeah I’ll be done in five minutes.” I sighed. 
“When you’re done your shower, come down for dinner.”
“Okay.” I answered, ducking my head back underneath the jet stream.
My cleanse.
The best therapy in the world couldn’t rival what I was getting out of this shower right now, and sadly, it had to end. 
Minutes later, I dried the last drop of water off of me and wiped condensation off the mirror, catching my reflection for the first time. My eyes were red, my cheeks were puffy and my nose felt enflamed from napkin abuse. Hopefully there wouldn’t be questions regarding my appearance, I didn’t feel like lying anymore about ‘why’ I didn’t look ‘okay’. 
A hollow shell carried me down to the dinner table. I was left dazed, eating as if I was stuck in slow motion. 
“Everything okay darling, you’ve barely eaten anything.” 
I pushed the other half of my uneaten chicken across my plate and placed my cutlery down before glancing up at Mom, who was looking at me with concern. “I’m going to go lye down.” 
“You’re not hungry anymore?” Mom asked, her head turning as I made my way into the kitchen. 
“No, not anymore.” I answered nonchalantly, saran wrapping my plate and putting it in the fridge for later in case my appetite came back.  
“Alright, go lie down. Maybe you’ll be hungry later.” Mom said. 
On my bed, staring at my blank ceiling, normally within the first few seconds a million different stories would have popped up. 
But right now, I had nothing. 
There was no imagination left in me. My soul was scarred beyond repair. I was stuck inside a thick grey fog, unable to find a way out.
I was lifeless and it was all my fault. 
I made that mistake. 
I chose to ignore what made sense in favor of my heart. 
There was no excuse to rationalize my behaviour. 
I was not young Annabelle anymore. 
I was now an older, bitter, depressed, thinner version of myself. 
And my heart was broken because of it. 

CHAPTER 35


Tuesday October 16th 2012

I woke up at four in the morning to darkness. 
Not that I minded. 
Dark was good. 
You could hide in the dark easily. 
Just as the morning sun rose highlighting my room through cracks in the blinds, I’d already decided on something. Hours of mindless thinking will do that to you, especially underneath the blanket of night. 
Everything was going to be okay. 
Two percent better. 
Waking up early had its perks. The bathroom was all mine. It was time for shower number two, there was leftover ‘stink’ from yesterday that still needed eradicating.
“Annabelle!” Mom called through the closed bathroom door and my eyes snapped open, hot water draping my face. 
“Yeah?” I called out. 
“Are you feeling better?” she asked. 
Despite a continuous on pouring of heavenly hot water these past ten minutes, Mom’s concern had me feeling warmer. 
The beat of my heart picked up.
Fifteen percent better.  
I smiled a little, wiping wet hair away from my face. “Yeah, I’m feeling a little better.” 
“Good, I’m glad. I don’t want my Anna banana feeling bad anymore.” Mom said, determined. “Enjoy your shower, sweetheart.” 
Mom’s called me banana and sweetheart many times, but this time, for some reason, it just sounded… genuine. 
So this was what it was supposed to feel like….
The term of motherly endearment melted some of the ice over my heart and I blinked tears back that had nothing to do with James. For the first time, in a long time, I felt better thanks to her. 
Who would have thought? 
My smile grew wider after hearing her walk away, and I stared up at the jet stream, whispering. “Thank you, Mom.” 
Twenty percent better. 

*~*~*

“Good morning,” Mom called from in front of the stove as I entered the kitchen. 
“Good morning.” I said, taking a seat next to Katherine who was busy eating pancakes drizzled with syrup. “Good morning, Katherine.” 
“Morning!” she said, smiling sneakily as she slowly raised her pancake filled fork to her mouth. If this had happened a few months ago, I would have shot daggers at the little sneak. 
But not today. 
Pancakes didn’t have my heart beating like they’d used to. 
Twenty two percent better. 
I shook my head and smiled at her, reaching over and rubbing her head delicately. When I dropped my hand at a surprised Katherine, because I hadn’t retaliated to her little boast, I glanced up at Mom, who stood with a plate of pancakes and a frozen expression. 
“Everything okay, Mom?” I asked as she slowly snapped out of it.
“I’m okay.” she murmured and put the pancake filled plate in the center of the table. “Yummy pancakes, your favorite, Annabelle.” 
She put an empty plate in front of me and pushed a syrup bottle in front of me. “Eat up!” 
“Mom.” I murmured, my hands stalling on the edge of the table. Pancakes weren’t a part of my diet plan. 
“Have as much as you want.” Mom said, opening the fridge and scouring it for something. She pulled out a bottle of orange juice. “Would you like some orange juice?” 
“Mom,” I started again. Didn’t she remember my diet? I couldn’t drink juice, there were too many calories. Without waiting for my answer, Mom grabbed two empty cups and filled them with juice, then placed them in front of Katherine and me. 
“Drink up!” she chirped, returning the bottle back to the fridge. 
“Mom,” I started again, but she interrupted me again. 
“Start eating the pancakes, they’re getting cold.” She stabbed four pancakes and dropped them onto my plate. I stared in awe at the amount she voluntarily placed. 
She was acting weird. 
Maybe it wasn’t even her right now. With this morning’s nurturing session to the pancake feast she was trying to get me to eat, calories be damned, perhaps an alien race abducted her and replaced her with a clone who was programmed to act extra motherly. 
Maybe.
It’s possible. 
“Eat, they’re delicious!” Mom grabbed her cup of coffee and sat beside me. 
I eyed her. “Mom,” 
She put her cup down and exhaled. “What?” 
“I don’t think the nutritionist said anything about having pancakes in my diet.” I reminded her, not touching my pancakes, or my juice. I could only imagine how many calories they each had. 
It was too much, especially just for breakfast. It wouldn’t leave me much to work with for the rest of the day. 
“I know,” She stared at her coffee as if she was thinking hard about something. Then she inhaled deeply and then exhaled. “I just…I don’t know.” 
“Mommy, are you okay?” Katherine’s baby voice asked. 
Mom looked up and smiled at her. “I’m okay, sweetheart.” She shook her head a little and glanced at me. “I’m sure you can eat one and you can drink half your orange juice. I counted the calories, it should be fine.” 
Mom went to cupboard and brought back an empty cup. She quickly emptied half of my orange juice in it. “We’ll share.” She smiled and then took three pancakes off my plate, leaving me with one. “They’re whole wheat by the way.” 
I gulped and nodded. “Okay, as long as they’re whole wheat. I guess it’ll be okay. But with no syrup though.” 
“Of course,” Mom smiled, but it didn’t reach her eyes. They looked sad and I didn’t know why. 
I quickly did another count of the calories and they were just under two hundred.
I hoped it was under two hundred at least. 
Reluctantly, I ate the pancake, which tasted dry, but I wasn’t going to put syrup on it to enhance the flavor. That syrup represented one thing to me now, and that was fat. 
Not attractive. 
Not attractive to boys…. or a certain boy. Not that it had made a difference anyways, the way he’d acted. 
I drank my orange juice and then carried the dirty dishes to the sink. “Thanks for breakfast, I’m off.” 
Twenty-two and half percent better. 
“Have a good day at school.” Mom called, not looking up from her still filled cup of coffee. 
What was wrong with her today? 
Maybe she was just having an off day. 
Just like I was. 
I grabbed my bag and slid into my black Chucks. Before walking out I caught my reflection in the full-length mirror on our closet. My outfit was a long black t-shirt and blue skinny jeans. I wore a version of this yesterday. Normally I was cool with doing repeats, but today, it didn’t feel right walking out in the same clothes as yesterday. Especially with what was waiting for me at school today. 
Oh God. 
I didn’t want to think about that right now, or him, or them, not until I absolutely had to. 
I looked like the same old, young, naïve Annabelle. 
What was that saying again? Look good, feel good. 
I needed to follow that mantra. 
Jenna and I threw down the gauntlet yesterday, and I was about to head into a war zone. I needed battle gear.
I knew what I had to do.
Thirty percent better. 

*~*~*

At our usual morning meeting spot, Jenna’s jaw dropped. She pushed off the pillar she was leaning against and grinned. “That’s what I’m talking about!” 
“Is it too much?” I asked, feeling a bit apprehensive. The top seemed like a good idea as I was putting it on, but twenty minutes later, I wasn’t so sure anymore. 
It seemed more revealing today than at Peter’s party, or at the movies with Dean. 
Twenty Eight percent better. 
Jenna shook her head. “No way, you look awesome.”
“Really?” I asked, feeling myself move back up in percentage. 
Jenna nodded. “Oh yeah, especially those puppies.” She pointed to my boobs for a second, and then lowered her arm to cover her mouth as laughter spilled from it. 
I grimaced. “No! I can’t believe you did it in public again!” I turned and quickly headed up the stairs. 
“Wait up, hot mama!” Jenna laughed, double stepping and catching up to me in an instant. She linked her arm through mine. “Hey, we need to stick together. We don’t know what’s waiting for us in there.” 
I groaned. “Don’t remind me.” 
“It’s not like we have a choice Anna. We went ‘there’ yesterday. We need to be on the lookout incase those jerk offs get in your face again. Especially Donna.” Jenna panted. 
“I think she’s more interested in beating you up for calling her a skank in front of everyone.” I reminded her as we crossed onto the terrace. 
Jenna snorted. “Pulease, I’m not scared of her. She can’t do anything to me. I have friends too, lots of them. Hello, swim team members for life.” 
“Not Latisha.” I reminded her again, grabbing her backpack strap as she led the way through the crowded terrace.
“Screw Latisha, she wouldn’t know loyalty if it hit her on the head and said ‘Hi, loyalty here’.” Jenna sneered. She pulled the front door open and faced me. “This is it.” 
 “I don’t know if I can do this,” I stammered all of sudden with horror in my eyes, slowly backing away from the entrance. Jenna grabbed my arm, stopping me from backing away any farther. 
Five percent better. 
“Oh no you don’t. We’re warriors, Anna” she claimed, holding out a fist. “Mean, hardcore, we take no prisoners, warriors. I laugh in the face of fools that’d dare confront us today.” 
I lowered her fist back down and shook my head at her. “You need to stop watching those medieval shows on TV. They’re not reality.” I pointed to the entrance. “This is.”
She eyed me as if I were being stupid again, and then shook her head. “With that attitude Anna, there’s no way you’d survive in the army.” she hissed. 
I jerked my chin back in confusion. “The army?”
“Be a man!” Jenna exclaimed all of a sudden. “Be a man!”
My lips cracked a small smile. “What the hell are you talking about?”
Fifteen percent better. 
She leaned her head forward. “Do you wanna die today?” she asked quietly. 
I shook my head. “No.” I whispered, unsure where she was going with that line of questioning. 
“Then snap out of it.” she said and jerked her chin towards the exit. I grabbed her strap and she plowed her way back to the door. I stalled again, halting her from entering inside. 
“Everyone saw our fight yesterday.” I informed her, feeling so nervous my heart was beating out of my chest. 
Jenna shook her head, seeming exasperated. “So what, there’s a hundred fights a week here.” 
My jaw dropped. “Really?”
Jenna nodded. “Yeah. Last week there was a huge fight with Roy and Dana, right beside my locker. It was way worse than what happened yesterday. Then the next day, everyone forgot all about it because Sarah and Denise from History got into it over some guy.” 
“Really?” I stammered, shell shocked that all that had happened, and I didn’t even know about it. 
“Yeah.” Jenna said. “Our fight is probably old news by now.” 
Twenty percent better. 
I let out a deep breath. “Okay, I can do this.” 
I grabbed her bag strap and she guided us through the threshold.  
“Correction, we can do this.” Jenna corrected, stopping once we were inside. She grabbed my shoulders and shook them, eying me sternly. “You, stay strong.”
“Got it.” I nodded. 
“Don’t cave, don’t cry, and most of all, don’t fall for any of his tricks if he stupidly decides to go there with you today. Please.” 
I nodded. “I got it, don’t worry. I’ll be strong, I mean, I’m going to do my best to be strong.” 
She squeezed my arm. “You can do this. You’re a man.” 
“I’m a man.” I repeated, breathing sharply. 
She kept going. “You won’t let anyone crush you.” 
“I won’t let anyone crush me.” I repeated, gulping. 
“Especially douchebag James and slutty slut Donna.” she continued. 
“Especially douchebag James and slutty slut Donna.” I repeated. 
She held a fist out. “Fight” 
“Fight.” I said back. 
“Text me if there’s a problem, I’ll have my phone next to me just in case. I’m a hallway away, girl.” She laughed, slowly backing away and turning into her hallway. 
“I can do this.” I chanted to myself and slowly turned into my hallway, quickly eyeing it for the popular crew. The hallway was on the cusp of overcrowding, so thankfully, none of them had arrived yet. 
Twenty five percent better. 
I headed to my locker quickly and exchanged notebooks, and then headed to English where the classroom was half filled. I chose the same seat as yesterday, in the middle. 
He would probably end up sitting in the back. Which was fine by me, the farther the better. 
Twenty-six and half percent better. 
I opened my notebook as more students trailed inside, each one making me more nervous than the last, all in anticipation to ‘him’ arriving. 
All of sudden the image of him walking in had my heart beating at an unprecedented rate. And at that thought, every word Jenna said to me washed right out the window. 
Ten percent better. 
I couldn’t do it. 
Five percent better. 
I quickly stuffed my notebook into my bag and rushed to the exit. I slowed down through the threshold and scoured the hallway for the popular crew, not wanting another repeat of yesterday. Thankfully, because there was still quite a bit of time left before class started, they still weren’t in the hallway yet. 
Ten percent better. 
I threw myself into the crowded hallway and headed in the opposite direction they’d all be arriving from. I was going to take the back exit out. No one came through there, unless they were coming from the fields. I exited the building and leaned against the brick wall, exhaling a monstrous breath. 
Five percent better. 
I was a failure. 
One percent better. 

*~*~*

Thunder struck loudly. 
“Dean, I need to tell you something.” My voice trembled into the receiver. 
Class started fifteen minutes ago and I was still outside talking myself out of going in and facing James like a strong warrior would have. 
Clearly, I wasn’t a warrior. 
But I wasn’t that much of a coward either and there was someone who needed to know the truth. 
He deserved to know the truth. 
About everything. 
Thankfully Pleasant View High’s first period started thirty minutes after ours did, so I’d caught him before his first class started. 
“Oh no, why don’t I like the sound of that?” he asked, sounding suspicious from the other end.  
I held my phone tightly against my ear, gulping back my nerves. “My senior year so far, it’s been a bit messy.” 
“Messy…. like guy messy?” he asked quietly. 
“Yeah,” I breathed. 
“A guy that’s not me?” he asked slowly. 
I gulped and continued. “No, not you.” I whispered, covering my eyes with my forearm. 
“Do I know him?”
“Unfortunately.” I replied pathetically. 
“Is it that asshole, James guy?” Dean probed, anger rising in his tone. 
 I waited a few seconds before replying. “Yeah, I met him last summer working at the country club.”
“Was he, or is he your boyfriend?” Dean asked, breathing hard.  
“No, I mean. It was complicated.” I answered, feeling ashamed. 
“So you were playing me this entire time?” Dean growled all of sudden. 
I dropped my arm and grimaced to the wall I’d been facing. “I didn’t.” I protested, shaking my head at his words.
“You went out with me while you were with him.” Dean pushed. 
My heart pounded crazily. “No I didn’t, I wasn’t with him?” I assured. 
“So what, you were off and on with him?” Dean spat back bitterly. 
“Yes, but,” I started to defend myself but was interrupted by his eruption. 
“And you didn’t feel like you needed to share that piece of information?” Dean snapped.
“I’m sorry.” I cried, feeling my eyes water and my vision sway. 
“You’re just as bad as he is.” Dean hissed. “You’re the same.” 
Dial tone. 
My phone dropped from my hand, hitting the ground with a light thud. I shook my head, staring up at the angry sky, wondering what just happened. 
I breathed in and out, following the rhythm of my palpitating heartbeat. A fresh set of tears slid down my face. I didn’t wipe them away. 
I guess I deserved that. 
‘You’re just as bad as he is.’ 
His words cut me hard. 
I was just as bad as James. 
No that wasn’t right…. I was much worse. I was a disgusting hypocrite who had no right to feel scorned.
Thunder struck again and the first drop of rain smashed into my face, joining my tears. I grabbed my phone off the ground and texted Dean.

Annabelle: I’m so sorry.

I waited, hoping for a response. 
After a while, there was still nothing and I was soaked from head to toe. 
Zero percent better. 

CHAPTER 36




 ‘You’re just as bad as he is.’ 
Wow. 
Congratulations Annabelle, you finally hit a new low in your life. You emotionally abused a poor underserving guy who’d been nothing but nice to you. A more self-involved, selfish person couldn’t have done it any better. If there was an asshole society out there, they would have been proud. 
Maybe they would have even given YOU a standing ovation. 
Bravo, you’re an asshole! 
So yeah, that’s how I felt at the moment. 
I hid in the washroom for the remainder of English. I tried to dry myself as best as I could, but the school dryers weren’t strong enough, especially where my jeans were concerned. They had dripped everywhere and after twenty-five minutes underneath the dryer, my jeans were still wet. 
Second period was about to start and I was standing in just my underwear. Thank God the black shiny tank top I was wearing was long enough that it went over my hips, looking like a really – really short tank dress. If I had the confidence, I would have walked out as is. 
But I didn’t, and since drying my jeans didn’t seem to be working, I was all out of options. 
Well, except for one. 
Jenna.
She said she’d have her phone beside her just in case anything happened. 
I pulled out my phone, checking first to see if there was a text from Dean. The screen was blank.  I exhaled my disappointment and texted Jenna. 

Annabelle: Do you have any spare clothes on you?

Jenna: I have a pair of track pants in my locker, why?

Annabelle: My jeans are wet. Do you think your pants will fit me?

Jenna: I’m sure they will, they’re big on me. Don’t take offense to that! They’re the baggy kind. Where are you now? Are you in class?

Annabelle: None taken. I’m in the washroom next to my locker.

Jenna: I’ll be there in five minutes!

She had pants!
I was good with pants. 
Ten percent better. 
But would they fit me?
I cringed as I imagined yanking her much smaller sized pants on. It wasn’t a pretty sight. 
Eight percent better. 
A few minutes later as I was trying to dry my top, my heart stopped as the washroom door popped open and Jenna walked through with the black track pants in hand. 
“What happened?” she asked, wide eyed as she took in the state of me, especially my bare legs. “You’re not wearing any pants.” 
“I went outside for a few seconds to get some air and it suddenly started to rain.” I lied to her, pulling at the hem. 
She narrowed her eyes back at me. “Really?”
“No.” I sighed and glanced down. 
She grabbed my shoulder and squeezed it. “What happened?”
“I couldn’t.” I croaked. 
“Couldn’t handle seeing him again?” Jenna murmured. 
I nodded and glanced up. “Yeah.” 
She sighed. “So you went outside and waited there while it rained over you?”
“Sort of.” I answered, timidly. 
She narrowed her eyes again. “What do you mean?”
I exhaled. “I made a phone call.”
“To who?” she asked. 
“To Dean.” I gulped. “I told him everything.” 
Jenna’s eyes widened, her fingers clenching her sweatpants tighter. “What do you mean you told Dean everything?” 
“I told him.” I confessed, eyeing the pants, hoping they wouldn’t tear from the force of her sudden strength. 
“You told him?” she whispered, sounding stunned. 
“I did the same thing, Jenna.” I whimpered quietly, focusing on the floor again. “I did the same thing James did to me, to Dean.” 
“No you didn’t.” Jenna exclaimed, bumping her shoulder into mine. “You never promised Dean anything. You guys didn’t even kiss. You only went out with him twice.” 
“I know, but still, I stringed him along knowing where my heart was.” I muttered, lifelessly. “He hung up on me.”
“Stop saying that, you didn’t. There were no promises made between the two of you.” Jenna exclaimed. “And he got mad at you and hung up?”
“Yeah.” I grumbled, tilting my head down in shame. 
“That douchebag.” Jenna hissed. “And to think I thought he was one of the good ones.” 
I looked at her. “He is one of the good ones. He’s a really nice guy and I took advantage of that. He hates being called nice and I bet that’s what stung most for him. He probably thought I didn’t see him like a worthy man or something.” 
“He’ll get over it.” Jenna said. 
 “I don’t know.” I muttered, inhaling and exhaling sharply. 
“Give him time. He really liked you. It’ll probably be awhile before he’s not pissed at you for breaking his heart.” Jenna said. 
“Oh God.” I cringed, covering my face. 
“And shattering it into tiny pieces,” Jenna continued. 
“Stop, please.” I begged through my fingers. 
Jenna kept going. “Squashing any hope he’d have of being with you,” 
“Ugh!” I moaned. 
“In probably the worst phone call he’s ever had in his life. He’ll never answer another phone call, happy and carefree ever again.” Jenna finished with a grin. “You are cruel Annabelle Simms.” 
I sighed, she got me there. “You got that right.” 
“I was kidding.” Jenna said. 
“Yeah. Well I’m not.” I told her, dropping my hands. “I am cruel.” 
“Okay,” Jenna rolled her eyes. “Drama much.” 
I eyed her. “I’m being serious.” 
Jenna snorted. “You’re being a dramatic princess. Jesus Christ, this morning’s pity session, and now…. that’s a lot. Remember what we talked about this morning, before entering school?” 
“I’m doing my best.” I told her, feeling harassed. 
“Be a man.” Jenna hissed.
“Yeah, a man.” I muttered, lifelessly. 
“Whatever. I’ve got to get back to class.” Jenna rolled her eyes. “Go change, the bell’s going to ring soon.” 
I nodded and went inside a stall. I hung her pants on the hook and slid off my slightly wet shoes. Taking a deep breath, I held her black sweats open and inserted both my legs, praying to the skinny Gods that they’d fit me. If they didn’t fit I’d have to call Mom to bring me some clothes and I did not want to do that. She’d probably have a hundred questions why I needed a change of clothes and I didn’t feel like dealing with that level of questioning. 
Not today. 
I slowly yanked her pants up, and surprisingly, amazingly, astonishingly, they’d fit. My jaw dropped, shocked that my waistline didn’t feel squeezed. 
There was still room!
Call the press…. there was still ROOM! 
“Well?” Jenna asked, impatiently from behind the stall door. “Do they fit?”
“Yeah!” I stuttered, breathily. “What size are they?” 
“Small.” 
OMG!
Forty percent better. 


*~*~*

My next two classes had a few of the popular crew in them, but I’d avoided eye contact with them as if it were the plague. Thank God my school was big, the odds of being in a class with more than two of them were low. 
Hurray for overcrowded schools. 
But now I was faced with another monumental dilemma. 
It was lunchtime. 
This was it.
 Really… this was it. 
We would all be in one room together since yesterday’s fight. 
“It’s going to be fine.” Jenna assured on our way to the cafeteria. “They can’t do crap to you, and if they do, the brotherhood will protect you.” 
“The brotherhood?” I looked at her in confusion, shuffling around students. 
“Hello, swim team members for life!” Jenna exclaimed, rolling her eyes. “The brotherhood!” 
I jerked my head back in confusion. “But I’m not a member?” 
Jenna grinned, nudging my shoulder with hers. “But I am, and you’re my best friend, therefor, you are an honorary member.” 
“Latisha won’t have my back.” I reminded her. 
Jenna snorted. “She won’t have theirs either, not unless she wants to get into big trouble with the team. She’ll probably just play neutral.” 
“I hope so,” I muttered. We arrived at the cafeteria doors and Jenna faced me. 
“It’s going to be okay, really, it is.” she assured quietly, and I nodded despite the fact that I was still unsure. I didn’t need the ‘everything was going to be okay’ talk drilled into my head any more than it already was. 
My heart pounded like a jackhammer as we entered a half filled cafeteria, quickly finding a few swim team members at a table in the far corner. I scoured the room and sighed in relief when I saw none of them inside. But I knew it was only a matter of time before they showed up, claiming the room as their own. 
Jenna took a seat and I dumped my backpack after taking out my wallet and phone. “I’m going to get a salad.” 
“Hurry, before they come.” Jenna warned before I headed off towards the restaurant. I got in line and it quickly filled behind me, wrapping halfway around the room. On a normal day, I would have been happy with the spot I got in line, but not today. The line was moving slow. The worst part was, the line was far away from Jenna’s table, and she couldn’t see me at this angle even if she’d wanted too. 
I was all on my own for now. 
This wasn’t good. 
From this morning’s catastrophe to the moment before me, the whole situation was becoming more and more ridiculous. How many things would I have to deal with today before I officially lost it? And while we were at it, why couldn’t James just apologize to me like a normal person would have? 
Memories of the times we’d spent together resurfaced, followed by an aching in my heart. As the line progressed slowly, I found myself drifting into a daydream about an alternate universe where James actually begged for my forgiveness. 
“Let go of my arm,” I muttered, trying to yank it back, but his grasp became tighter. 
“Look me in the eye and tell me you don’t care.” James pleaded. 
“Why are you touching me?” I’d whispered, staring deep into his eyes even though it’d pained me to. “You said so many horrible things to me yesterday.” 
“I didn’t mean it,” he murmured. “I couldn’t think straight I was so angry.” 
“I don’t care.” I said. 
“Well, I care about you.” James stated quietly, his green eyes appearing sad.  
 “Stop it.” I whispered after my eyes closed from the pain of his expression. 
“I’m sorry. I’ll do anything to make this right.” James whispered. 
“Awe, will you look at that, she saved me a spot!” A familiar voice bragged loudly, snapping me out of my daydream.
And it’s begun. 
Fifteen percent better. 
Let the battle commence. 
Mustering every ounce of courage I had, I looked up to a pair of mesmerizingly beautiful, yet amused green eyes and a row of backward baseball caps. 
Royalty had arrived. 
Unfortunately. 
“Where were you during English, Fireball?” James snickered, eyeing his boys like he was so funny. They glanced back at him with similar amusement in their eyes.
I glowered at him, shaking my head in disbelief. He wasn’t the guy I fell for. I mean, I would have never fallen for a guy like that, at least I hoped I wouldn’t have. 
“Don’t be like that, Fireball.” James sniggered, eyeing his boys like he was so hilarious. I couldn’t believe he’d used my nickname twice just so he could scar me in front of his friends. How could I have imagined such a stupid…daydream?
Why would I want that? 
Why would I ever fucking want that?
 I… hated… him.  
“Awe James, looks like you broke her heart!” One of his stupider friends announced, laughing even louder. I glanced from left to right, my fellow classmates had stopped talking and were viewing this little ‘reunion’ with all their attention. Thankfully the line moved and I entered the restaurant, leaving the asshole crew behind. 
Thank God they didn’t follow me inside. Then again, they couldn’t cut that long of a line, it would have outraged everyone waiting behind me. My hand trembled as it slid open the refrigerator. I grabbed a salad, then a water bottle. As I shut the door close, I felt a hard body bump next to me. 
Looks like I was wrong again, because they did follow me inside. Or rather, he did. 
I shut my eyes and sighed in exhaustion. I felt his warm coarse fingertips on my shoulder, pulling me to turn. 
“Are you happy now?” he growled, quietly. 
My heart was beating so fast, I was on the verge of collapsing. I took a breath, hoping it would help straighten my face from looking pained or an insult away from a hysterical breakdown. Holding every facial muscle I had, I faced him. 
Looking as beautiful as ever in his semi-tight black shirt, that made every muscle in his broad chest standout, he stood with his arms crossed, glowering at me. We were practically rubbing elbows. 
“Are you happy now?” I murmured painfully, willing myself not to breakdown. I wanted to collapse to the ground and yell at the top of my lungs, asking him why he’d treated me so horribly when he supposedly cared. “Well…. are you, Tiger? Because I’m not fucking happy.” 
 His jaw clenched, seething from anger. “Go ahead and ignore me. I’m never going to look at you after this.” 
He grabbed a chocolate milk carton, paid for it and burst through the exit, without another glance at me. 
I should have been relieved.
I should have been happy that he was going to ignore me from now on. 
No more drama.
No more warm hugs late at night.
No more sharing stories about who had it worse at home.
No more saying… ‘I care about you… a lot’. 
Fine…. it was going to be better like that. 
Really…. honest…. sigh…. damn it!
I.
Have.
Problems!
A tear fell down my face. I wiped it away and paid for my food. 
Before heading out, I lightly slapped my face, hoping to snap the pained expression away before returning to Jenna. She’d notice anyways, considering she was on high alert when it came to my mood swings. 
My eyes were probably red. 
All of a sudden, the feeling to flee became overwhelming. I didn’t want be at school for another minute. I needed one of those mental health days…. hell maybe even a few before I could be a hundred percent again. 
I made up my mind, I was going home, to my room and to my bed, where I wouldn’t leave until I absolutely had to. 
I headed out the restaurant, focusing on the floor as I made my way back to Jenna’s table. As soon as I got to the table, I unzipped my bag and slipped in my food to eat at home. I glanced up to a puzzled Jenna. “I’m going home,” I whispered to her.
She blinked repeatedly and jerked her head back in shock. “Why?” 
She didn’t hear about what happened? I thought it would have been top news already. Well, if she didn’t know, I certainly didn’t want to have to explain it to her in front of everyone. I’d call her later, behind the shield of my blanket. 
“I just wanna go home,” I pulled my backpack on. “I’ll call you later and tell you about it.”
Jenna looked over my shoulder. “Was it the douchebag again?”
“How could you tell?” I muttered, exhaling. 
“Because…. that asshole is looking this way, laughing it up with his idiot friends!” Jenna hissed. “God! Can I please give him the finger?” 
I shook my head. “Just ignore him.” 
“After what he did…. I’m making no promises.” She eyed me funnily and snorted. “Do you think you can really ignore him from now?” 
I exhaled. “Here’s hoping.” 

*~*~*

To all the teenagers of the world, if you can hear me now, stay away from relationships till after university, hell…. stay away from them for as long as possible. They’re nothing but head-fucks!
My door knocked, barely breaking my trance. “Annabelle?” Mom called from the other side, slowly opening the door and coming inside. “What are you doing home so early?”
“I’m not feeling good.” I muttered, eyeing her slowly as she took a seat on my bed next to me. 
Mom grimaced. “Why?” 
I sighed. “I’m sad.” 
“Is it because of this morning?” Mom cringed, sounding panicky. “Did I go psycho mom again on you? I’m sorry.” 
“Chill Mom, it’s all good.” I murmured to her, feeling numb to her outburst. “Just do me a favor and give me some space right now. I could use the privacy.” 
“Oh, okay.” Mom got up and quickly closed the door behind her, giving me my sanctuary back. 
 “Thanks for joining us for our late lunch slow jam. Our next song is dedicated to all those heartbroken.” The radio hummed beside me as I lay on my bed, transfixed with my ceiling as another fantasy consumed me. 
“Rip my shirt off.” I whispered to him as he kissed my neck for the first time since last Thursday. “Take everything off.” 
James, without answering, did as he was told. Then he unclothed himself and lay naked on top of me, staring deep into my eyes. “I love you, baby.” 
 “Just make love to me.” I whispered back, wiping his wet, red-rimmed eyes. 
Snap out of it! 
NOW!
A smart person wouldn’t daydream about their ex like this…. 
I wasn’t a smart person. 
A smart person would have gotten off the James train a long, long, long, time ago.
“Now for all those love sick optimists out there, here’s another slow jam.” The radio hummed, filling my room with their calming voice, making me sway slowly, calmly. Soon enough, I was knee deep into another fantasy….
“Baby,” James murmured as the warning bell rung behind us, sending whoever was left in the hallway scrambling to class and leaving James and me, to our moment. “You belong to me?”
“Only if you belong to me.” I murmured back as his soft but coarse finger tips glided along my bare arm, making every single spot on my body tingle. 
Fireworks. 
“Baby,” James murmured with a smile, wrapping his strong arm around my waist and pulling me in. “I’m only yours.” 

CHAPTER 37


Wednesday October 17th 2012

I woke up fresh the next day and early. 
Today, I would show James that I was over him and that he could go screw himself. From here on out, there would be no more fantasies, no more daydreams, and no more giving in. 
Honest.
I hoped that was the optimist in me speaking and not the delusional. 
All right, let’s do this. 
My closet, thanks to Mom’s pre-weightloss shopping, actually provided me with options I never would have considered on my own. 
Meaning…. sexy clothes. 
Shorts and tight tops were exactly what I needed. 
I had a point to prove. 
Why?
Because I made a choice, and whether it was the right choice or the sanest, it didn’t matter to me. 
I know.
I know.
I know. 
I.
Have. 
Problems! 
Call me stupid, a masochist, and even brain dead, it’s the choice I made. If played with, I choose to fight back and bring a certain ‘asshole’ to his knees, begging for my mercy. 
 “Annabelle.” Mom blinked as I entered the kitchen. “Good morning, sweetheart.” Her eyes followed me as I took a seat next to a shell shocked Katherine. 
“Morning little sis,” I smiled at her and poured healthy cereal for myself. I held the box out to mom. “Is this cool? I’ll eat more than usual.” 
Mom sighed and sat down, spinning a spoon in her coffee. “It’s my fault. I’ve been drilling your head for the last few months that you shouldn’t eat this and eat more things like the healthy cereal. I just…. I don’t…. I don’t want you going down a bad path. I pushed you too much. I’m sorry.” 
“I won’t go down a bad path. I’ll switch from dieting to eating in moderation or something.” I promised her, pouring the two percent milk that was on the table. “You see, two percent milk.” 
“Yes, that’s what we’ll do from now on. Healthy, but not scary healthy.” Mom smiled, and then took a sip of her steaming cup of coffee. She lowered her cup and eyed my outfit confusedly. “That’s some outfit darling.” 
“It’s really hot today,” I replied, avoiding eye contact. 
 
*~*~*

Waiting at our usual spot, Jenna’s jaw dropped as I headed towards her. “Um… who the hell are you and what have you done with my best friend?” 
“Is it too much?” I pulled at the hem of my tropical printed shorts and my tight waist level peach colored tank top. 
Jenna eyed my outfit for the thousandth time. “It’s nice, but it’s a little sexy for school.” 
“I know,” I gulped. “I did it on purpose.” 
“Why?”
“I made a choice,” I told her.
“You made a choice?” Jenna repeated, with no amusement in her eyes. “Another bad one again?”
“I don’t think so.” I blinked, taking a deep breath before continuing. 
“Spit it out,” Jenna demanded, quietly. 
“I made a choice last night,” I started, taking a sharp breath as my heart rate accelerated. “I’m going to fight back.” 
Jenna’s eyes widened. She pushed off the pillar she was leaning against. “What?” 
I gulped again. “I’m fighting back.” 
“How?” Jenna grinned all of a sudden. “By dressing like a two cent hookah! Hey, I can be your pimp!” 
“I’m serious!” I screeched, pulling at the hem of my shirt as she burst out laughing. “Is it really that bad? Have I gone too far?” 
Jenna dimmed her laugh down and became serious. “Relax, I’m playing with you.  You look awesome. Sexy as hell and I’m a little jealous, because I want your legs.”  
I rolled my eyes. “Whatever.” 
“Let’s do this, we have a school to conquer.” Jenna ordered, heading up the stairs with me trailing beside her. On the terrace I grabbed her bag strap as she led the way around our fellow classmates. Some were eyeing me peculiarly, especially the boys. 
 “Look at all the guys staring at you Anna!” Jenna hissed, ecstatic. “Should I yell out, ‘hot girl coming through’?” 
I laughed at her comedic timing, feeling a hundred times better than yesterday. 
“Work those hips girl.” Jenna laughed, walking away to her locker, leaving me standing by myself. 
Here we go. 
I turned and all I saw were warm brown eyes and a twinkle of amusement. Then I took in the rest of him and it was a boy I had been going to school with since freshman year. I forgot his name though. 
He grinned, and eyed me funnily. “Hey, you’re new here?” 
“No,” I grinned. “I’ve been going here since freshman year. I know who you are.” 
His eyes widened. “You know me? How come I don’t remember you? I’d remember a cutie like you.” 
“I know you, but I don’t know you, if that makes sense? I don’t remember your name.” I shook my head grinning, feeling my heart beat faster at the term of endearment. 
“Josh,” he replied, eyeing me in flirty way. “And you are?”
“Annabelle.” I replied, like ‘duh’. 
His jaw dropped. “Annabelle?”
“Yeah?” I said. 
“I remember we had Bio last year, last period. You changed so much,” Josh mumbled, barely coherent. “You didn’t look like this before.” 
“Duh,” I grinned at him. I checked the hallway and the popular crew hadn’t arrived yet. 
“Where did you come from?” he murmured behind me, “It’s not my birthday till March.” 
This was crazy. 
The attention was making me feel weird. 
I stifled a smile on route to my locker. “I’ve been here all this time.” 
“Better than ever, right?” Josh grinned, adjusting his backpack strap as I opened my locker. “What class do you have now?”
“English.” I answered, changing notebooks. “And yourself.” 
“Yeah, what’s your next class?” A familiar voice mocked, making my entire body freeze. In a matter of seconds, everything around me went quiet. I closed my locker and turned slowly, coming face to face with a pair of angry green eyes and a row of backward baseball caps with their arms crossed. 
One.
Two.
Three.
Holy shit!
“Well, what class do you have next…. Studmuffin?” James sneered. 
Josh’s face went stony. 
 “I asked you a question, and you’re not answering me.” James stood in front of Josh, eyeing him sternly. “So it makes me think we got a problem?”
“No man,” Josh murmured, taking a step away, without another glance at me. “We don’t have a problem.” 
 “Then don’t ever let me see you near my girl again.” James threatened quietly, his jaw clenching roughly. “Got it, bitch?” 
Josh nodded and raced away, escaping into the surrounding crowd. After that, it was like everything went into slow motion. The guys around James began their celebrations. They fist bumped him, while others slapped hands with him. He grinned widely, eyeing them and nodding like he proved his point.
And it was time prove mine. 
This was it. 
Taking a deep breath… “You’re an asshole.” I told him, taking a step closer towards him, eyeing him sternly. “And I’m not your girl.” 
The hallway became a whispered frenzy. The guys behind James eyed one another incredulously, like they couldn’t believe what I’d just said. I went there, in public, again. 
I placed my hand to my waist and tilted my head to the side, waiting for him to say something. But he didn’t say anything. He just stood there, gazing blankly at me. After a few seconds the warning bell rang and the crowd dispersed. The Kings murmured their goodbyes and fled the scene, leaving James and I, in our little stare-off. 
“You look nice today,” he murmured all of sudden, stunning me. 
I looked nice today? 
He wasn’t supposed to be saying these things to me. He was supposed to be ignoring me forever. What was wrong with him? He couldn’t keep any of his promises, good or bad. 
I shook my head, feeling my heart go BOOM. He was trying to trap me again with his famous soft gaze and heart melting tone. 
Not this time….
“Don’t talk to me.” I murmured and walked around him towards English. I felt his body close behind me. 
“Look who’s all strong today. What happened? Had a good pep talk with your crazy best friend from the swim team?” James sneered behind me. “Girl power, right?” 
“Screw you,” I hissed, eyeing him deathly before heading into class and leaving him with his stupid face in the hallway. English was almost filled, and horribly, there were only two seats left, and they were together in the back row beside the window.
Great…. now I’d have to ignore him for an entire period. 
Note to self, get to class faster from now on. 
Since James liked sitting next to the window and I walked into class first, I gladly took the seat next to the window just to piss him off. Before, when things were less hostile between us, I would have gladly given that seat to him. 
But not today…. there was no mercy today. 
I struggled not to laugh as James took the seat next to me.   
“You’re in my seat, Fireball.” James stated as I took my notebook out of my bag. I kind of knew he was going to say that and I had a witty response to fire back at him, but him calling me ‘Fireball’ again left me enraged…. making my blood boil. 
“Don’t call me that,” I hissed, eyeing him sternly. “You never call me that again, you understand?” 
His jaw clenched. “Stop acting like a bitch.” 
My jaw dropped.
Um…. excuse me? 
What did he just call me? 
Before I could fire back, the bell rang and Mr. Doors shut the front door loudly, motioning everyone to stop talking. 
I closed my mouth and shook my head at him as he started to smirk. 
Asshole! 
 “Okay, class, let’s pick up where we left off yesterday.” Mr. Doors began the lesson and I positioned my body so that James would face the side of my back. As class went on, I was beginning to question his intelligence level. James started making strange grunting noises on the down low. 
Then it got worse. And when I say worse, it was more like, ‘I can’t believe it could get worse’ kind of way. 
This guy had no shame. 
At all. 
“Oh James…. more,” James moaned quietly in a soft feminine-like voice. “I want you, James.” 
My jaw literally dropped to the floor. 
What was he thinking? 
DURING CLASS!
What was wrong with him? He was such a stupid asshole! 
While Mr. Doors lectured loudly at the front, I could hear giggles from the students sitting around us. They could obviously hear James moaning. It took everything I had to not get up and hit him. I had to stay calm. 
“Baby, you make me feel so good,” He kept on going in the same hushed feminine voice. “Harder…faster, do me faster…..make me explode right now.” 
The bell rang and I quickly stuffed my notebook into my bag. 
I shook my head, desperately trying to keep my side to him so he wouldn’t see my heated face. I knew my face was turning red. After a few moments to collect myself, I faced him. He sat, leaning into his chair with a smirk on his face. 
 “What?” James sneered quietly. “You got something you want to say?” 
I exhaled through my nose. “Yeah, I do.” I got up from my seat and leaned into him. “You’re an idiot.” 
“Anything else?” James’ face became serious. 
“There are too many things I want to call you right now.” I leaned back. “But I have to get to second period.” 
James got up and stood beside me, eyeing me firmly. “That’s too bad,” he murmured. “I like it when you insult me.” 
His fingers found their way to my bare arm, instantly resulting in intense shivers that I had to restrain my body from showing. I gave him a scowl, grabbed my backpack and rushed out of the room. 
Note to self…. don’t stand too close to James in fear of his toxic…. yet alluring touch. 
Damn it! 

*~*~*

By the time it was lunchtime, I noticed more ‘boys’ looking at me funnily. I hadn’t seen Josh since this morning, and thanks to James, and because I was almost positive I didn’t have any classes with Josh, I probably wouldn’t see him again. 
I entered the cafeteria and its loud soundtrack collided into me instantaneously, making me flinch. I found Jenna at the same table as yesterday, but decided to head straight for the lunch line. I was actually starving today. Using every ounce of courage to walk into school looking like ‘not’ me had been draining, then adding dealing with James this morning, and I was low in fuel. As I took my spot in line, the guys in front of me stopped talking all of a sudden. I knew who they were, but I didn’t really ‘know’ them.
“Hey…. Anna right?” And apparently they knew me too. I glanced up at the tall red head in front of me, his blue eyes shining as he smiled. 
 “Yeah, um…hi.” I stammered back, eyeing his two other friends who were too busy scanning me. 
 “I’m Derek, don’t know if you remembered, but we had Chemistry last year.” Derek grinned, taking a step closer. Before I had a chance to smile and reply my own memory of him, a mocking voice spoke out first, clearly interrupting our conversation. 
“No way!” Peter’s annoying voice exclaimed beside us. “You had Chemistry with our Fireball last year too? What a small world.” 
Our Fireball? I scowled at Peter, who stood with his arms crossed and a sneer across his face, as if he were assessing the situation. 
Douchebag! 
My heart raced as my sight trailed behind Peter. A few feet behind him stood Tom and Roy. They were busy holding back a very angry looking… James?
Tiger’s mad. I closed my eyes and turned away, groaning. 
“My name isn’t Fireball…. it’s Anna.” I stated, eyeing the idiot squad with a stern look. “And I’m not their anything.” 
The cafeteria’s restaurant door popped open and the lunch attendant stepped out. “Next ten,” 
“We don’t want any trouble,” Derek’s friend said, pulling Derek away from our messed up little group. 
“You can thank me later.” Peter grinned, putting an arm over my shoulder. I nudged him off and watched them walk back to their table, as if nothing happened.
Groaning in frustration, I headed into the restaurant before I lost it. 
I grabbed a salad and water bottle from the fridge. Derek and his friends were waiting for the lunch lady to finish their hamburgers. 
“Hey Derek,” I called. 
“Don’t,” I heard one of his friends murmur. 
Don’t what? 
“Yeah,” Derek answered anyways, ignoring his friend’s warning. 
“Sorry about that, those guys are crazy.” I laughed, trying to make the situation a little lighter. 
“Crazy about you, obviously.” His friend said loudly. “You’re obviously off limits, so, we’re just not going to go there.” 
“I’m off limits?” I repeated, confusedly. “I’m not off limits!”  
“You are,” Derek stated. “That James guy was about to pop a vein. We had a two-sentence conversation and he was charging at us with his boys holding him back. Sorry Anna, it’s not worth it.” 
“Whatever.” I murmured. I paid for my food and exited the restaurant. I eyed the popular table, making eye contact with the idiot squad who were smirking with one another. I headed to Jenna’s table and plopped down, huffing out my frustration. 
“What happened now?” Jenna groaned, pulling away from her conversation with Dana. 
“He’s a mind fuck.” I sighed. “And it’s annoying.” 
Jenna snorted. “Do you want me to kick him in the nuts for you? I’ll do it right now, in front of everyone.” 
Everyone at the table burst out laughing, including me. 
I stopped laughing and sighed. 
“He’s having a hard time letting go and it makes no sense.” I told her quietly, but not quiet enough because Dana’s attention was now focused this way.
Dana’s blue eyes met mine. “I know what it feels like.” 
“Roy?” I said, remembering Jenna saying something about Dana and Roy having a fight last week.  
“I can’t believe him!” she hissed, staring over my shoulder. “I can’t believe him! Right in front of me.” 
“What? You can’t believe who?” Jenna asked, looking in the same direction as Dana. Her eyes widened. “No! I can’t believe her.” 
“What?” I muttered, twisting my neck to see what they were staring at. The baseball team and Donna’s ‘hot’ girl crew were sitting together. My sight trailed down the table, two people catching my eye, halting the trail. 
Roy… and Latisha? 
Roy’s arm was over Latisha’s shoulder. Her dark blonde hair was pushed to the side, showing her lovesick expression. 
“He’s…he’s,” Dana stuttered. “I can’t believe him.” 
I turned back, facing her and Jenna. 
“Dude, I can’t believe Latisha.” Jenna shook her head, still looking shell shocked at she glared across the cafeteria. “Whatever happened to swim team members for life?” 
“She’s a traitor!” Dana growled, and then got up from the table in a huff. “I’m not taking this crap. They’re going to know! He’s going to know, you don’t mess with Dana Marie Kosopolos like that!” 
“What are you going to do?” I almost screeched as she rounded the table. Everyone at our table was looking at her, wide eyed, jaws down, and shocked as hell. 
“I’m going to confront them!” she growled. 
“Now?” Jenna grinned, fist pumping her approval. 
“Hell yeah! Just watch me.” Dana growled, marching towards the popular table. 
Jenna grinned, pounding the table enthusiastically. “This is going to be epic.” 
How is this happening? I thought as I stared at the back of Dana’s swim team jacket as she charged determinedly. 
I thought I was the one fighting back today? 
Apparently it wasn’t just me who was ready to bite a certain asshole’s head off, an asshole that wasn’t James for once. Roy was the designated asshole today… or hour. 
Roy’s arm dropped from Latisha’s shoulders immediately upon seeing Dana steam roll towards them. 
 “Roy, what’s the matter?” Latisha asked.  We heard only because the cafeteria became suddenly quieter. 
“I’ll tell you what the matter is.” Dana growled before Roy could get a word out, not that he could even if he wanted to from the way he looked. 
Pure terror. 
I chuckled at the sight of him. Who’s cocky now? 
“Baby, it didn’t mean anything. I didn’t do anything with her!” Roy stammered, getting off the bench, trying to embrace Dana. She ducked his arms quickly and leaned over the table, getting right into Latisha’s flabbergasted, lip rippling, reddening face. 
 “Roy,” Latisha stammered, trying to duck her head to the side, but Dana wasn’t having it, making sure her face was the only one Latisha saw. None of the ‘hot’ girls were getting up to defend her, in fact the entire table slid down, as in away from Latisha. 
She was officially on her own. 
“This is better than going to an amusement park, I swear to God.” Jenna giggled, deliriously. “Today is the best day ever.”
Latisha pushed off the bench and tried to stand next to Roy, but he quickly stepped away from her as if she had a contagious disease. Roy reached out for Dana, but she wasn’t having it. 
“Don’t touch me, cheater.” Dana growled. She pushed off the table and marched right back into Latisha’s shocked face. “Whatever happened to the oath we made at the beginning of the swim season? Whatever happened to swim team members for life?” 
“I didn’t cheat on you!” Roy exclaimed, eyeing his boys for back up. Their heads were down. I guess James used the bro-code quota for the week. 
 “You dumped him!” Latisha screeched, eying the entire room. 
“I told you Anna, there’s a fight every other day here.” Jenna reminded while my eyes never left the dual. I was kind of glad I didn’t start anything earlier. The whole cafeteria watching was a little different than a portion of the hallway watching. 
“Whatever happened to girl code?” Dana growled. “I thought we were closer than that.” 
“Babe,” Roy tried to step in but Dana put her palm in his face.
Latisha smiled all of a sudden and said something quietly. Dana nodded and came back to our table. She grabbed her bag and left the cafeteria. 
“Okay, what just happened?” Jenna exclaimed as the entire room slowly went back to normal. Latisha sat back down, looking anything but contrite. 
“Where did she go?” I asked.
“Maybe the bathroom. Let’s go.” Jenna got up and I followed behind with every girl on the swim team. I was glad to leave behind the hectic, James ridden cafeteria. In the hallway, Jenna pulled out her cellphone. “I’m going to text her.” 
Seconds later, her phone beeped. “She’s in the bathroom beside our lockers.” 
“Dana?” Jenna called out once we were in their bathroom, not mine. “Are you in here?”
“I’m here.” Dana sniffed.
“Dude, what happened?” Jenna asked, going to the first stall closest to the exit. 
“She said last weekend during their getaway that she and Roy hooked up.” Dana cried. “We’d barely broken up, and it wasn’t a serious breakup and he’s already hooking up with other girls!” 
I barely knew Dana, so I left the washroom to her and the rest of the girls from the team. 
My phone rang once I was in the hallway. “Hello?” I answered, eyeing the quiet hallway. 
“Annabelle Simms?” Shelby screeched, violating my ear. I had to pull the phone away from my ear because it hurt. 
“Yeah it’s me,” I said after a second to recoup. “Why are you calling me at school Shelby?” 
“The club is having a little soirée tonight out on the golf course and I need you to come in for a couple of hours and help at the lemonade stand.” Shelby informed. 
“I don’t work on school nights, I already spoke to Rob (General Manager) about this before school started.” I told her. 
“I know, but Maria called in sick and we need another person from 4pm to 6pm. It’s regular pay, but the tips should be good.” Shelby said. 
“Fine.” I told her. 
She grunted from the other end. “Fine.” she mimicked and hung up.
“Bitch,” I murmured, texting Mom about working tonight. 
“Annabelle?” A familiar voice called me as I pressed send and looked up. Roy jogged down the empty hallway towards me. “Is she in there?”
I bit my tongue, unsure if I should answer. 
“Please,” he murmured, looking somewhat sad. “I’ve got to talk to her.” 
Oh, now he wanted to talk with her. Well, it’s too bad for him, the time for talking was officially over. 
Unless Dana wanted to…then it was totally back on.  
“Is she in there?” Roy asked, his eyes pleading. “I need to explain, I need to tell her I’m sorry.” 
I took a deep breath and against my common sense, I spoke back. “I think it’s too late for that Roy.” I murmured. “She’s devastated.” 
“I didn’t cheat.” Roy assured. “It was a dare.” 
“What was a dare?” Dana called as the washroom door slammed open. 
“No Dana, don’t talk to that douchebag.” Jenna urged, trying to block her but Dana slid by her and stopped beside us. 
 “Latisha got carried away. I pecked her for a second, and then, all of a sudden her arms were around me tightly.” Roy tried explaining.
Dana cringed at the description, looking away. “Why didn’t you pull away?”
“She grabbed my shirt with all her strength, the only way to get her off was to push her. I can’t push a girl.” Roy explained. “All I thought while she kissed me was you.” 
Even without looking at Jenna, I knew her eyes were rolling in disgust and shock. Shock only because Dana was falling again. Roy took a step closer to her and whispered something as his hand caressed her arm, making her eyelids flutter momentarily. 
Watching their reconciliation was weird. 
Roy grabbed Dana’s arm and pulled her down the hallway, passing an open mouthed Jenna, who for the first time since knowing her, couldn’t muster out a sentence. 
“I can’t believe this?” Jenna murmured after few seconds of silence, as we watched Roy delicately lead Dana out the front doors to the front terrace. “She fell for it.” 
“Where’s Roy?” A screechy voice demanded from behind us. We all turned in unison, finding a red-eyed Latisha with most of the ‘hot’ girl crew behind her. 
Donna was missing. 
“He’s outside with Dana.” Jenna told her, and then eyed me with amusement in her eyes. “They’re having a heart to heart, right Anna?” 
“Yeah, they’re having a heart to heart, probably getting back together as we speak.” I told a now wide-eyed Latisha. 
Before Latisha could say anything, Jenna got in her face. “Whatever happened to swim team members for life?” she hissed, shaking her head. “You took an oath.”
“She broke up with him.” Latisha’s lips rippled, giving pleading looks to the girls on the team as they circled around her. 
“So,” Jenna grimaced. “Your actions have consequences.”
“What are you talking about?” Latisha stammered.
“What I’m talking about?” Jenna sneered, eyeing her fellow swim team members funnily. “It means you’re out.”
“I’m out.” Latisha cringed, sounding confused. 
“Out of the brotherhood,” Jenna announced, with a sound of approval from the girls around. “No more swim team members…. for life.” 
“Like I care, I was never friends with you guys anyways.” Latisha scowled. “You’re just jealous.”
Jenna’s eyes widened. “Oh really? Who between the two us rocks a one piece swimsuit better?”
Silence.
Latisha’s jaw clenched. 
Jenna smirked, tilting her head with attitude. “That’s what I thought. Girl, please! You know my thighs don’t jiggle like yours.”
“Screw you,” Latisha murmured, looking uncomfortable. 
“Oh really,” Jenna mocked. “We’ll see how you feel when I get Ronald from Yearbook Club to cut your ho face out of the official team photo. And yes, I totally slut shamed you there and no, I’m not sorry I did it.” 
Latisha’s jaw dropped. “You can’t do that.”
Jenna smirked. “Just watch me.” 
“You people are ruining my life!” Latisha cried and ran into the bathroom with her friends following behind her. 
“Why is she such a bitch!” Latisha’s angry cry echoed out, making us all laugh. 
Jenna grinned and opened the washroom door. “Because, that’s my job. Now hurry up and do some more shady stuff so I can make your life an even bigger living hell. You’ve awakened the evil inside me.” 
“You’re mean,” I chuckled at her. 
“Thank you! Nicest thing you’ve ever called me.” Jenna grinned back, letting the door close behind her. She leaped into her team’s arms and they cheered for her. “Jenna! Jenna!” 
“Yes, yes, I am a God. Bow down to me now.” Jenna sang. 
I grinned at the whole lot of them, feeling for the first time today…. happiness. 
Sixty percent better. 

CHAPTER 38




School finished five minutes ago, and because I stupidly told Shelby I’d work tonight, there was no time to linger around my locker. I exchanged what I needed to in record speed, slammed the door shut and joined the clogged hallway at the exact second Donna came storming towards me with her ‘hot’ girl crew behind her.  
“You!” she hissed, pointing a jewel-encrusted acrylic at me. 
I did not have time for this girl right now. 
“Get out of my way.” I told her sternly.
“You!” Donna hissed again, eyeing me deathly. “My girl is devastated because you losers got in her business.” 
All of sudden Latisha stormed into the washroom, followed quickly by most of the ‘hot’ girl crew. “Latisha! Don’t cry, he’s not worth it!”
“Look what you did.” Donna snarled, clenching her hands to her hips. 
My eyes narrowed at her trembling hands. “What I did?”
“Yeah, you,” Donna hissed, taking a step closer into my personal space again. “You are always ruining everything.” 
“Ladies, what’s going on here?” A familiar voice interrupted. Since he was taller than the both of us, I knew it was Tom in an instant. “There’s a time and a place for a catfight, and it’s not here.”
Then Peter jumped in. “Yeah, we need a pool of jello or a mud hole, can’t have a catfight without one or the other.” 
Everyone around us laughed, and shockingly, Donna’s scowl vanished and she was grinning at them like an idiot. I shook my head at her. Wasn’t she about to ‘teach’ me a lesson? 
“You guys, stop it. I’m trying to take care of some business with little old Fireball here,” she hissed like a valley girl, eying them flirtatiously before turning back to me with another raised eyebrow. 
“Donna,” Peter gasped. “Why’d you have to go there?”
“What’s going on?” I heard James ask from somewhere. 
“Nothing,” Donna said. “Just having a friendly chat with Annabelle.” 
A friendly chat? 
James stood beside Tom and Peter, and as soon as I made eye contact with him, he started to smirk like it was all so funny. I wanted to punch his face for smirking, but instead I rounded their little group without another glance and headed outside onto the terrace. 

*~*~*

After a surprisingly busy two hours serving lemonade to guests for the Club’s party, I changed back into my tank top and headed out. 
I stood in front of the club, unsure if I should take the bus or walk home. It would take me some time walking home, and I didn’t have the energy, so taking the bus it was. 
I got on the bus and checked my phone for any messages, hoping there’d be one from Dean. I had one text and it was from Jenna. 

Jenna: As of tomorrow the swim team is going to cast out Latisha, she’s out of the brotherhood. OFFICIALLY! Maybe she’ll learn a little lesson in loyalty from here on out. How was work?

Annabelle: It was busy. I made twenty dollars in tips so that was cool.

Jenna: Anything from Dean?

Annabelle: No, you’re the only one that texted me.

Jenna: Well that’s good and bad. Good because that douchebag didn’t try and text you again and bad well, because of Dean. Sorry.

Annabelle: It’s okay. I deserve a little silence. I should take some pointers from him. This is what I should have done with James the first time he screwed me over. Ignore, ignore, ignore.

Jenna: You got that right. What are you doing now?

Annabelle: I’m going home and I’m going to reflect.

Jenna: I might do the same.

Annabelle: ttyl

Jenna: bye

I tapped out of messages and checked Facebook to pass the time. I was about to close the app when I saw a status update from Dean. 
I forgot that Jenna added him. He probably forgot that he added me too. 

Dean: At Wilsons Arcade 6:15pm

*~*~*

Wilsons Arcade was packed tonight. 
I had to figure out where Dean was. Just as I was about the scour the arcade area, I saw a sign for batting cages set up behind the building. 
He had to be there. 
There were people everywhere, but I eventually made it outside where fifteen batting cages were set up. There were short lines behind each of them. I scoured through thick crowds of people for Deans dirty blonde hair and luckily, surprisingly, I found him next to batting cage one, cheering loudly with his arm around a girl. 
Okay…. that was fast. I guess he’s not as devastated as I thought. Coming out of the batting cage was another familiar face. 
Joe.
The joy I felt spotting them quickly dispersed once I found Joe’s arm around another girl. Dean could do whatever he wanted, but Joe, I thought he was into Jenna. 
I pulled out my phone. 

Annabelle: I had a change of plans. I’m at Wilsons Arcade.

Jenna: Why?

Annabelle: Because I found out online that Dean’s here.

Jenna: Why didn’t you tell me? I would have come too. I want to come too.

Annabelle: I just got here. I found them.

Jenna: Who’s them?

Annabelle: Dean and friends. His arm is around another girl.

Jenna: Well look who bounced back from depression. Is Joe with him?
Annabelle: Yeah, but they’re both with girls.

Jenna: Wait for me, I’m coming there. Be there in twenty minutes!

*~*~*

I headed to the bathroom, deciding to wait in there until Jenna arrived. Just as I entered a stall, a couple of girls came in panting loudly. 
“Raina,” A girl screeched. “I can’t believe it, finally!” 
“I know.” Another girl sighed. “It’s about time Dean and Joe asked us out.”
My jaw dropped. So they were here on a date. 
“Make sure to play weak when it’s your turn batting. Dean will notice and he’ll just have to show you how to hold a bat.” Girl one giggled. 
“Denise, you do know that Dean doesn’t bat, he’s a pitcher.” Raina informed (I’m guessing she’s Raina). 
“I know, but I’m sure he knows how to bat too.” Denise (I’m assuming as well) giggled. “I hope Joe, even though he’s not on the team, shows me a thing or two about balls.” 
“Oh God, you need to control yourself, before you ruin this for the both of us.” Raina said, sternly. “Maybe Joe doesn’t like fast girls.” 
“He’s a guy. They’re not that hard to figure out.” Denise snorted. 
“Denise, don’t ruin this for me by going too fast. You know how long I’ve been waiting for Dean to ask me out.” Raina said. “You know I’m crazy about him.”
“I know.” Denise murmured. “I won’t ruin things. I’ll be cool as a cucumber. Totally chill.” 
“Thank you.” Raina sighed in relief. 
“And after tonight, he’s going to be crazy about you. I mean look at you. My girl looks damn sexy tonight.” Denise giggled. 
“And there she goes again, a new record, what is it this time, a good ten seconds before you reverted back to your horny self.” Raina exclaimed, sounding as if she was walking away, with Denise giggling deliriously behind her. 
I exited the bathroom and found Dean, Joe and the girls (I’m assuming) Raina and Denise with a few other people waiting behind batting cage one. All of them were laughing and smiling widely, especially Dean. 
It was in that moment I decided I would leave things as they were. Dean was happy and he didn’t need me coming and ruining his night trying to explain something that was pretty much self-explanatory. He could move on with Raina, whichever one of the girls she was. They were both cute and would probably treat him better than I did or could. And they went to the same school, so it was all for the better.  
Jenna! I remembered and pulled out my phone to text her not to come, but stopped when I saw that I got a text from her. 

Jenna: Change of plans, going to Dana’s, she’s having another meltdown. Something’s happened, she won’t say until I get to her house. Screw Dean and Joe, let them have fun and we’ll move on. Sorry, but swim team members for life and you got this anyways. You’re strong.

Annabelle: It’s all good. I was about to text you to not come. I’m leaving.

I didn’t get a text back, so I assumed she was already at Dana’s. I tucked my phone back in my bag and headed around the cages, taking a few minutes to observe the process of playing. One by one, people would go inside, put on a helmet and wait with a bat while the ball shooting machine shot balls at what seemed like a thousand miles an hour. 
This was supposed to be fun? 
Maybe I should try it? 
It would be a new experience. 
I walked up to a newly emptied cage. 
“How much?’ I asked the attendant who was responsible for four cages. He was around my age and the same height as James with brown hair and blue eyes.
“Ten dollars for thirty throws.” He smiled, eyeing me. “Don’t see many girls wanting to play.”
“Is it hard?” I asked, gulping as I eyed the next cage which had the balls flying out like crazy.
“I’ll put it at a low speed for you.” He smiled again. “A beginner level.”
I nodded. “Okay.” 
I went inside, put on the helmet and the attendant, which I found out his name was Greg, showed me how to swing the bat. The first time the ball flew at me, I squealed out of the way. After the last ball flew and I missed it like all the other ones, I heard Greg laughing behind me. 
“It’s not funny.” I squealed, turning to scowl at him, but stopped with the bat toppling out of my hands, staring at familiar blue eyes, giving me glares of destruction. 
 “Dean?” I murmured, transfixed. I pulled off the helmet and Greg entered the cage. 
“You want to go again?” Greg asked as I handed him the helmet and bat. 
I shook my head. “It was fun, maybe another time.” 
“Let’s hope so.” He smiled at me and placed the bat and helmet down. He glanced in Dean’s direction and back at me. “Is that your boyfriend? He seems kind of pissed.”
I shook my head again and murmured. “No.” 
I stepped out of the batting cage and Dean pushed off the fence, crossing his arms over his chest. “What are you doing here?” 
I smiled timidly. “To hit some baseballs.” 
“I don’t want to talk to you,” he said, bitterly. “Didn’t you get that by the way I didn’t answer your text.”
“I got that.” I stammered. 
“Everything okay there?” Greg asked from behind us. 
I nodded, facing him. “Yeah, everything’s cool.” 
Greg nodded and turned to attend another customer. 
Dean smirked, shaking his head. “Already got another fool lined up, Anna? Damn, you work fast.” 
My eyes widened. “What are you talking about?” 
“You pretend to be so innocent, but you’re not. You know exactly what you’re doing.” Dean sneered. “You played me.”
“I didn’t.” I murmured, not wanting to make a scene, even though I felt myself going ‘there’ again with his mean accusations. I did not want to cry here. 
“You did.” he murmured back. “I’ve been going crazy these last few weeks. All I did was think about you and how much I’d screwed up on our date. All this time you were playing with that asshole James guy. You should have said something.” 
“He wasn’t my boyfriend when you met me.” I explained. “I barely knew you and he was always there.”
“Right,” He grimaced, smoothing his hair back nervously. “Anyways, I don’t care anymore. It’s better like this.” 
“I’m sorry.” I murmured. “I never meant to hurt you.” 
“Yeah, well, it is what it is.” He eyed me sternly. I didn’t know what else to say. 
“I’m sorry,” I murmured to him after a few more seconds of silence. 
“I can’t believe you actually like that asshole.” Dean exclaimed.
“I don’t anymore.” I exhaled and started again. “Dean, we go to different schools. And you never called after our first date. James was there to pick up the pieces.” 
Dean snorted. “You chose him over me! There really might be something wrong with you.” 
I jerked back. “Excuse me?” 
“Hey!” 
We turned simultaneously and the two girls he was hanging out with were approaching us with Joe running to catch up, giving a cringing look to Dean.
“What’s going on here?” Denise demanded, eyeing me deathly. I eyed Raina, a blonde with blue eyes, who was actually very cute close up. She looked confused. 
“Ladies,” Joe exclaimed, breathily. “Let’s get back to the group. My boy here is trying to have a conversation.” 
They nodded, well Raina nodded and grabbed a reluctant to leave Denise. Denise narrowed her eyes at me as Raina dragged her away. 
“Hey Anna, is Jenna here too?” Joe asked once the girls were out of earshot.
I shook my head. “No, she’s at her friend’s house.” 
Joe took a deep breath. “We’re not out on a date with those girls, it’s a group thing.”
“You can do whatever you want Joe, you’re free.” I told him. 
“Did you tell Jenna you saw us tonight?” Joe gulped. 
I nodded. “Yeah, but I just said you guys were out in a group.” 
“Was she mad?” Joe asked. 
“No.” I lied. 
Joe looked relieved. “Cool, alright, I’m heading back.” 
Joe jogged back and I faced Dean again, who seemed perplexed. “So you saw us before?”
I nodded. “Yeah, but I wasn’t going to bother you.”
He narrowed his eyes at me. “Really?” 
“Yeah,” I murmured. “I heard those girls in the bathroom. The one named Raina, she’s crazy about you.” 
Silence.
“You should totally go out with her, she’s really cute.” I said. 
“You’re really cute,” Dean murmured, eyeing my entire body. “You went to school like that?”
“Yeah,” I answered, slowly.
“Was it for him?” Dean asked.
“It was for me.” I answered. 
Silence as he stared at me, perplexed. 
After what seemed like forever, Dean mumbled. “Goodbye Annabelle.” He turned, without another glance and headed towards his group. 
 “Goodbye Dean.” I murmured even though he couldn’t hear me anymore. 
Well that story was officially finished. 
Dean I hope you find a good girl, one who’ll treat you the way you deserve to be treated.  
“Hey cutie!” A familiar voice called from behind. I turned, facing a grinning Greg. “You wanna hit some more baseballs, get some aggression out. This one’s on me.” 
I smiled back and headed towards the cage as he stood behind it, grabbing at it. “Okay.” 

*~*~*

Twenty-nine shooting baseballs later, I had yet to hit one. 
“Okay last one,” Greg informed as I held the bat into position again. “Keep your eye on the ball, don’t lose focus, even for a second.” 
“I’m going to hit it this time,” I stated, determined as I gripped the handle firmer. “I got this.”
“I hope so,” I heard Greg mutter. He wasn’t a believer. Well I’d show him. 
Three.
Two.
One.
The ball shot out like a cannon, and I focused with everything I had. I swung the bat and hit the ball.
I HIT THE BALL! 
The bat fell from my grip and I faced a flabbergasted Greg. “I did it!” 
“You did it, babe!” Greg rejoiced, hollering with enthusiasm. “On the last one, you pulled through.” 
Did he just call me babe? I shook it off and took the helmet off, handing it back to Greg. “Thanks. Your teaching skills finally pulled through.”
His jaw dropped for a second before he snapped it close. “Babe, you trying to say something? You got it in the end, didn’t you?” He smirked. “I’m a great teacher by the way.”
“You are.” I smiled back. “I probably wouldn’t have hit the last one without you telling me to focus. I’ve been all over the place today.”  
He was really cute. 
He smiled at me and I got out of the way as the next customer took their turn. I pulled my backpack on and checked my phone. There was a text from Jenna, but before I could read it, I felt Greg’s presence next to me. 
 “Blondie boy’s been staring this way for the last ten minutes.” Greg informed, and I held myself from reacting. Dean was staring this way for the last ten minutes? He was supposed to be moving on with Raina. 
“Really?” I searched the area and found Dean hanging out with his group at the same batting cage. He wasn’t staring this way. He was busy talking to Raina about something, looking serious. 
“Yeah,” Greg answered. “That girl noticed he was staring over here and got into his face.”
“The girl he’s talking to now.” I asked.
Greg shook his head. “No, another one. I think it was her friend. Anyways, that chick made a scene for a few seconds before the other guy pulled her away.” 
“His name is Joe, and the guy you said was staring at me, his name is Dean.” I explained. 
“Like I care,” Joe smirked. “They obviously don’t know how to handle their chicks. Those guys don’t know shit about girls.”
“They’re not out on a date, it’s a group thing.” I informed. 
“Yeah, right. Those chicks have been hanging off those two pussies for the last hour.” Greg sneered. “You should have seen the looks on their faces when they noticed Dean talking with you. It was funny. They ran over here like they thought you were going to steal him away.” 
“We were just talking.” I clarified.
“I hope you guys were just talking.” Greg grinned, eyeing me in a flirty way. “In my eyes, he’s screwed up big time.” 
“What do you mean?” I asked. 
“He’s obviously into you but is too chicken shit or weak to do anything about it. He gave up, even though he clearly doesn’t want to by the way he’s been eye stalking you since leaving. He and his friend are pussies.” 
Why do people keep calling them that? James called them pussies too. 
Or maybe… were they? 
Maybe I really didn’t do anything wrong. In fact, it pissed me off now. He’d made me feel guilty about moving on with James when it took him weeks to call me back after our first date, in which he left me stranded. If he had wanted me, he should have done something about it…. sooner. 
 “Maybe you’re right.” I murmured to Greg. “He didn’t try.” 
“I’d try.” Greg took a step closer to me, looking serious. “I’m no pussy. If I see something I like, I don’t wait around for the perfect moment to make things happen.” 
“You’re nice,” I murmured to him. 
“No, I’m not.” he said seriously. “I just don’t play around.”
“I just got out of a relationship.” I sighed. “It’s complicated.” 
“I bet it is,” Greg stated, taking a step back, eyeing his cages. “I gotta get back to work.” 
“Okay, um, well thanks for helping with my swing.” I said, turning to walk away. 
“Anna,” Greg called me from behind. I turned, facing him. “When it gets uncomplicated, come back and find me, okay?” 
I smiled at him and nodded, then walked away. 
I glanced around and found Dean staring my way. I smiled and waved at him. He waved back, and in an instant Denise and Raina were at his side, pointing my way. He looked exhausted as he peeled his eyes away from me to face them. I laughed and entered the arcade. 
Good luck Dean! 

CHAPTER 39




Jenna: Problem Alert! That traitor actually had the balls to put up a video about their little beach trip last weekend. It’s not good. It shows a few things Roy didn’t explain to Dana. She’s really upset.

Annabelle: I’ll watch it when I get home. Is she okay?

Jenna: No, but she will be soon enough. Give me another hour and I’ll have her hating him with a passion of a million suns. How was the Dean situation?

Annabelle: Dean who? He’s gone with the wind now. It’s all good.

Jenna: Was Joe really with another girl?

Annabelle: He said it wasn’t a date and that they were all there as a group. There was a girl named Denise there, and she’s crazy about him. She wants him to be her boyfriend. But he kept asking about you.

Jenna: Really? That’s interesting. Anyways, I’m off to console Dana for the millionth time. All the girls from the team came over again. I’m helping her mom make hot chocolate for everyone in the kitchen. See you tomorrow.

Annabelle: Good luck.

It was almost 8:30pm. 
I was little late. 
Okay… a lot. 
“Anna, is that you?” Mom called from the kitchen. Before I could answer, she came out of the kitchen with a dishtowel in hand. “What happened?” 
I slid off my flip-flops. “It was really busy at the club tonight and they asked me to stay an extra ninety minutes. And then I had to wait for the bus to come.” 
Mom’s forehead creased. “Why didn’t you call? We would have picked you up.” 
She knew why. This was the way she’d programmed me to behave regarding asking for rides to and from anywhere for the last five months. 
“I’m not used to that being an option. I forgot I could now.” I explained and she slowly cringed processing my response. 
After a brief moment of silence, she exhaled. 
“It should have always been an option.” she stated softly, sounding regretful. “From now on, it’s a definite option. Anytime, anyplace you need a ride, just call me or your father.” 
I nodded. 
“You missed dinner. I’ll warm up a plate for you and set it on the table. Your father and I are going to be downstairs working on some paperwork. We’ll be down there for a while.” Mom informed, entering the kitchen. 
I went up to my room, quickly changed into pyjamas and headed back downstairs to eat dinner. My plate was all by itself on the bare kitchen table. Tonight’s dinner was spaghetti and meatballs. 
My favorite.
It was bitter sweet. 
I wasn’t hungry, but it was my favorite meal in the entire world. 
I wanted to feel hungry again. 
I haven’t felt hunger pains for a while now and I knew exactly why. It’s this damn heartache. It masked the pain of hunger as its own, making me think of James instantly whenever my body felt uncomfortable. 
This was not good. 
I needed to eat more. 
This morning I’d gone on the scale again and I was down a few pounds from last week. I was a 145lbs…. 
Last week I was a 148lbs.... 
Heartache equalled weightloss?
Not good. 
I glanced down at the amount of food Mom gave me and my instant reaction was that it was too much. If I was given this much food last week, I would have taken half of it off immediately and Mom would have approved.
But not today. 
The effects of the diet weren’t all bad considering my body had changed dramatically from the start of the school year. I wasn’t the same old Annabelle, and despite still being heartbroken and bitter about how things were now, I liked how I looked. 
I ate my spaghetti and meatballs. 
After cleaning my plate, I went back to my room and completed my homework. At 11pm, I turned off the lights and tucked myself into bed with my smartphone. On Latisha’s timeline, I turned the two-minute video on. 
The video of their weekend away was exactly how I’d imagined it to be, except for a few major details. 
Around a fire pit with red plastic cups, they were all laughing when somebody dared Latisha and Roy to kiss. Before he even got up from his seat on a large log, Latisha mauled Roy, surprising him. After she finished kissing him like crazy, she sashayed back to her screaming ‘hot’ girls seated on a large log on the other side of the fire pit. Looking annoyed, Roy muttered something and left the video frame. 
The flames of the pit lowered, revealing Donna rubbing herself against James, who then quickly shrugged her off, all while giving Peter an exasperated look, like she was a bug he couldn’t swat away….  
Interesting….
I turned my phone off and set it on my bedside table. I stared at my blank ceiling and against the advisement of my brain, my common sense…. my heart started beating.  



CHAPTER 40


Thursday October 18th 2012

Before my eyes opened, officially allowing Thursday to begin, I needed to address a few things. One, why were the rim of my eyelids crusty and two, did I cry while asleep? 
I didn’t remember dreaming about James, or Dean, and I didn’t recall going through any nightmares either. So what was it? 
I swear to God, if my mind went behind my back and cried while I slept, especially when I made it clear I was done crying over those idiots, there would be hell to pay. 
I was done crying over idiot boys. 
Caput! 
Finite!
Arrivederci! 
Done and done. 
Okay, eye crust forgiven, my eyes were allowed to open. 
Hello Thursday!
Exhaling, I tucked the back of my arm underneath my head, focusing on my ceiling with an endless amount of questions that had nothing to do with eye crust. Like for instance, will this Thursday be better than last Thursday? 
Oh shit!
The other half of my blanket flew over me. Behind the shield of it, I screeched out my pain, as, I, recalled, what, happened, last, Thursday. 
I LOST MY VIRGINITY LAST THURSDAY!
Wasn’t it some sort of anniversary? 
My one week virginity losing anniversary. Should I buy myself some flowers?
I wondered if he remembered too. I wondered if he’d been up late at night thinking about each second of that momentous event (Well momentous for me) we shared. He wasn’t a virgin like I had been. How many times did he say he had sex before meeting me again? 
Enough already!  
Mental slap in the face! Mental slap in the face! Mental slap in the face! 
That stupid ‘you should have known better’ feeling still resonated along every inch of my body. The mental slaps didn’t work. I needed to do the real thing. 
The rat’s nest that was my hair, caged my eyes as I snapped into a sitting position. I flung the messy hair to the side, positioning my other hand high in the air. 
Slap! 
My cheek stung and my jaw dropped from the intensity of it. My mind shook her head at me mouthing ‘Who slaps themselves, are you crazy’. 
Why yes, yes I am. 
“What are you doing?” Mom’s urgent tone called from my open doorway. The door slammed into the wall with her speedily coming to my side, looking horrified as ever. “Why did you slap yourself?” 
Why did I again? 
Oh yeah, boys. Boys and the fact that they were all stupid assholes were the reasons why us ‘girls’ did stupid stuff. 
Right?
I couldn’t tell that to Mom, so I guess it was time for another lie. “I was trying to wake myself up.” I shrugged. 
Mom snapped up, hovering over me with her hands to her hips. “You don’t have to slap yourself to wake up! You’ve never done it before. Can you imagine what it looked like from my view?” 
“It worked didn’t it.” I got out of bed, raking my fingers through my twisted locks, which were suffering from a horrible case of too much hairspray. I should have showered after coming home last night. “Anyways, what are you doing in here this early? I thought I closed my door before going to sleep?” 
“It was closed. I knocked a few times, but you never answered. I got worried.” Mom explained, kneeling over my bed and promptly making it for me. “Anyways, I went shopping yesterday. I forgot to tell you when you came home.” 
I eyed her warily. “You bought more clothes?” 
She nodded. “I’ve been noticing most of your clothes are getting too loose on you, and even with the clothes I bought you from before, it wasn’t enough to fill your wardrobe. You deserve an amazing selection of clothes. You worked hard, so you should be rewarded.” 
“Okay,” I said, scouring around her for any shopping bags. “So what’d you buy me?” 
Mom grinned. 

*~*~*

Yesterday I made a statement. And that was to fight when fought against. I even dressed a little (okay a lot) out of my comfort zone. 
Today, after a good night’s rest, minus the eye crust and the supposed crying fest I had subconsciously, wasn’t going to be any different. My mind still didn’t think it was a bad idea, so I was going to keep going. 
Like a warrior would. Like a person in the army would.
I caressed the soft fabric of my blue/green tropical printed tank top. The material was silky, but I wasn’t sure it was silk. I paired it with some black shorts and my black Chucks. It was less sexy than my outfit yesterday. The shorts were longer, covering more of my thigh area and my tank top was long, bordering on mini dress status.
I looked good. Not as good as yesterday, but still sexy. 
I never thought I’d ever dress to feel sexy. I never thought I’d like feeling sexy. 
But I did. 
Shockingly. 
I grabbed a nutrition bar and an orange juice bottle from the fridge, placing them inside my backpack. I ate on the way to school. I could have eaten it at home, but for some reason that I couldn’t remember, I felt the need to get to school a little earlier than usual. 
The reason came to me as I approached school. I needed to get a seat as far away from James as possible. Especially after watching that video last night, I didn’t trust myself to not do anything stupid. 
Normally I’d find Jenna waiting beside the pillars for me, but today she wasn’t there. I assumed she was still busy consoling Dana. The video shouldn’t have made her upset, if anything, it should have appeased some of the insecurities she had concerning Roy’s relationship with Latisha. Which was pretty much non-existent besides the friendship the entire popular group shared.  
Why was she so upset? 
Latisha had practically mauled Roy out of nowhere, stunning him. It was obvious that he was forced to comply, letting her do what she needed to do in order to save face and not look like the asshole in their group. Outside, he and the Kings could act however they wanted to, but when it came to one of their own, the rules changed. 
Whatever.
I climbed up the stairs and hit the terrace, navigating around the crowds. And just like yesterday, I noticed many eyes, belonging mostly to boys, following me as I pushed through the front doors. 
It kind of felt nice to be noticed, even if it was for superficial reasons. I scoured the hallway out of habit, searching for the popular crew with my nerves hitting sky high. After hitting my locker for a quick exchange of notebooks, I went to the washroom. I could use a little silence, even if it was accompanied by flushing toilets. Just as I closed the stall door, the washroom door burst open, followed by a sequence of clacking noises. 
Why would anyone wear high heels to school? 
It made no sense at all. 
I creeped through the gap of the stall door and groaned quietly when I saw who just came inside. This was supposed to be quiet time. 
“I can’t fucking believe you.” Donna screeched, halting in front of the mirrors. “I told you to take that video off last night. How come it’s still up?” 
“It’s not coming off.” Latisha fired back. “I made my point with it. You saw Dana’s face this morning, it worked.” 
What a bitch! 
So she did do it on purpose. 
When Jenna officially finds out this little piece of information, Latisha was going to be dog meat. 
“Then if it worked, why is the video still up?” Donna snapped, pointing her finger at Latisha. 
“Because, the more Dana watches it, the more she’s gonna want nothing to do with Roy. By the end of the day, I want him to be mine.” Latisha explained, throwing her hands up in the air. “You know how much I like him.” 
Donna growled, jerking her body hostilely towards Latisha. “And you know what my fucking reputation means to me. Did you even consider how that video would make me look?” 
“It’s not that bad,” Latisha stammered, taking steps back. 
It was pretty bad considering it showed Donna getting rejected by James. Getting dissed by the boy she liked was probably the worst thing that could have ever happened to her. 
Trust me, I know. 
“It wasn’t that bad?” Donna repeated, the disbelief evident in her tone. She took a few mores steps into Latisha’s personal space. “You don’t even care. That stupid video needs to be taken down, like now!”
“I’m not taking it off till schools over and Roy is mine.” Latisha stated, determined. 
“Do what I tell you to do!” Donna ordered.
“No!” Latisha screeched back. 
My heart started beating faster. My breathing became shallow. They were making me nervous. Those claws were seconds away from slashing. Where were all their ‘hot’ girl friends? Were they tucked outside in a corner quivering in fear at being next in line to face Donna’s impending wrath? Hell, if I crossed paths with Donna today, I was positive I’d be next. 
And that would be fine too, considering I had some ammo to attack her back with. The news of her rejection was good enough to make her crash and burn, so she’d better stay out of my face today. 
They moved down the washroom, so I couldn’t see them anymore. Donna snorted all of a sudden. “He’s not even interested in you, Latisha.” 
Latisha gasped. “You weren’t there for every second last weekend. He is interested in me, but Dana keeps getting into his head.” 
Donna snorted again. “He’s not, sweetie. The only person he’s crazy about is Dana. I know that for a fact, I heard the guys talk about it weeks ago. Roy’s in love with her.” 
“You heard weeks ago? Why didn’t you say anything?” Latisha screeched, sounding like she was a moment away from losing it. 
Donna sighed. “Because unlike you, I’m a good friend. You’ve only been blabbing about how much you liked him since last summer. I felt bad for you, so I didn’t say anything until I knew for sure that he was totally into Dana.” 
The sound of sniffing overtook the washroom. 
“Stop crying, you look pathetic.” Donna groaned. “Sweetie, you weren’t good enough, get over it.” 
Latisha gasped louder. “I’m not good enough. How about you!”
“Excuse me!” Donna screeched back. 
“Yeah, you!” Latisha fired back. “You, were, rejected, last weekend. How many times did you try to give it to James? How many times have you tried since last summer? He still doesn’t want you, and he’ll never want you. The video is proof of that.” 
“He belongs to me! You have no idea what you’re talking about.” Donna screeched. “It’s going to happen.”
“It’s not.” Latisha stated. “Everyone knows he’s crazy about Annabelle, he was practically eye stalking her in the cafeteria yesterday.”
Really? I covered my mouth with my hand to stifle a gasp. All this information was making me feel dizzy. 
“You’re lying!” Donna screeched, like it couldn’t be possible. “He can’t be interested in her like that, it’s not possible.”
“Look who’s upset now that her favorite guy won’t give her the time of day. At least I’m doing something about it. You’re just waiting with your legs open for James to come crawling up to you.” Latisha yelled. “Now that’s pathetic! And sad!” 
“You shut up.” Donna roared. “Listen you stupid bitch. You’re going to take that video off your profile and you’re going to deny if the rest of the girls ask if James is interested in that slut Annabelle.” 
My jaw dropped. How was I a slut? I was nothing like her! 
I couldn’t believe this was happening. 
“And if I don’t?” Latisha dared to ask. 
Donna snorted. “You know what I’m capable of Latisha. Don’t mess with me. The baseball team comes with me at the end of the day.” 
The baseball team came with Donna at the end of the day? 
How was that possible? 
It’s not like she owned them. 
If James wasn’t interested in her advances, why would she assume she controlled who he hung out with? 
The door opened and the washroom became quiet again. I slipped out quickly and exited the washroom. My heart continued to beat rapidly as I mixed into the newly crowded hallway. 
I was at a standstill. I had no idea what to do. Class was going to start in ten minutes. I had two choices, go to class and get a good seat far away from James. Or I could find Dana and tell her what I heard Latisha say in the washroom. 
The idea of making it back to English at the last minute and having to sit next to James was enough to push me to choose the selfish option and head straight to class. I could text Jenna the news, and since she had first period with Dana, she could be the one to tell her. I made it inside English, breathing a sigh of relief. I quickly scanned the room for every available seat and blinked in shock. The room was full, except for two seats in the back next to the window. 
I took the seat next to the window and texted Jenna, discretely from inside the security of my backpack. 

Annabelle: Are you with Dana right now?

Jenna: Yep, I’m her bodyguard. The rest of the team are more or less her security team today. Roy hasn’t been able to be within a few feet of her without the brotherhood getting into his face. You should have seen what happened fifteen minutes ago. It was awesome, and I will explain in detail during lunch.

Annabelle: Is Dana upset?

Jenna: She was, but she’s getting better. Hopefully this time she’ll be able to ignore Roy forever from now on.

Annabelle: I watched the video last night and I think it’s not what you guys think.

Jenna: What are you talking about Anna? His arms were all over her.

Annabelle: He was trying to pull her back nicely. She was obviously drunk. He looked annoyed.

Jenna: Where are you going with this Anna?

Annabelle: I think he’s innocent. Besides I heard some crazy things in the washroom just now, right out of Latisha’s mouth. I’ll explain it to you and Dana at lunch.

Jenna: I hope you’re not going to try and pull her back into being in love with Roy. She’s getting over him Anna, don’t ruin that!

I didn’t text her back. I didn’t get why she was acting like this. And she didn’t even mention the last bit of the video, Donna’s horrible rejection. Maybe they didn’t even watch that far, turning it off as soon as Latisha pulled away from Roy. 
I buried myself into my backpack, waiting for the bell to ring and class to start so something else could occupy my mind. 
“Hey.” A familiar voice murmured next to me, making my heart beat faster. I felt his callused fingertips brush briefly across my bare arm, resulting in an intense shiver I had to suppress. 
“You’re not even going to say hello?” he murmured after a few seconds of silence. I wished I could do more than say hello to him, but things weren’t the same between us. I kept my face hidden beneath the shield of my forearm, pretending I wasn’t aware of his presence. 
“Did you see the video?” James asked, quietly. My eyes snapped open and my heart started thumping one long beat at a time. His chair squeaked and I assumed he was leaning towards me.  
The bell rang and I straightened in my chair. 
Mr. Doors shut the front door loudly, signaling everyone to stop talking and pay attention. 
“Alright, everyone pull out a piece of paper and a pen, it’s time for that midweek quiz I promised last Friday,” Mr. Doors chuckled and started erasing the blackboard. “And for everyone else that decided to skip last Friday, making last weekend an unofficial long weekend, you should have been here for class, we covered a lot that’ll be on today’s quiz. So tough.” 
Tough! I told James silently, staring straight ahead. Now he had two reasons to regret skipping Friday. 

*~*~*

“Alright, papers down. Pass them upfront and make sure your name is on the top right hand corner.” Mr. Doors instructed a few minutes before class was over. I handed my paper to girl in front of me and leaned back into my chair, sighing. 
Well that was harder than I thought it was going to be. As I relaxed, doing my best to pretend James wasn’t sitting next to me, probably staring a hole into me, my phone chimed. Not taking my phone out of my bag, I checked the screen. Expecting to see Jenna’s name, my eyes widened when I saw who it was actually from. 
James?
Why was he texting me? He was sitting right next to me. 
Then again, I was ignoring him. 

Tiger: You know you’re my everything.

Tiger: I hated what happened on Monday. You caught me off guard and I reacted like a dick.

Tiger: I told you, this school is fucked up.

Tiger: I care about you.

Tiger: I’m stupid.

Tiger: I’m an asshole.

Tiger: I’m fucked up.

Tiger: And I love you.

 “It’s true.” James murmured, leaning into me as I continued to stare at his last text. “I love you, baby.” 
I felt a familiar lump in my throat, aching for me to react to his words. I wasn’t happy right now. I was ashamed. Those words shouldn’t have resulted in me feeling like this. I should have felt hollow and numb.
But I didn’t.
Everything in the room went still and silent, the only thing I could hear was the sound of my heart beating against my chest. It begged me, pleaded with me to answer him and let things happen the way my fantasies would have only desired. 
“Nobody’s going to feel for you the way I do. Not those idiots from yesterday, and definitely not that pussy pitcher guy from Pleasant View.” James murmured. “It’s you and me, Fireball.” 
I couldn’t look at him. 
I felt like he was killing my soul. 
His hand tugged at my hand, pulling it down. He intertwined our fingers and held tightly. 
“Don’t touch me.” I murmured, pulling my hand back. “You can’t have everything you want in life. I’m not somebody you can play with anytime you want.” 
I shoved my things back inside my bag and got up, awaiting the bell to ring eagerly. I needed to get out of here. 
“Stop running away from me.” James said, getting up. 
The bell rang, and I pushed past everyone in front of me to exit first. Once in the hallway, I rushed towards the washroom, there he couldn’t follow. Just as I was to push through, he grabbed me and pulled me away. 
“Stop it, we need to talk.” he pleaded. “I just want to talk to you.”
“Why?” I whimpered, eyeing the hallway as it became busy, worrying that we were about to make another show. 
“You really want to do this in the hallway?” James hissed, jerking his chin at our fellow classmates who were already beginning to notice us. 
I shook my head. 
“Then come with me,” James ordered, pulling my hand towards the field exit.
“No,” I hissed, yanking my hand out of his grasp. I turned and ran, leaving him flabbergasted at the end of the hallway. The bell rang and I pushed into the washroom, heading for my stall.

CHAPTER 41




Annabelle: Meet me by your car in five minutes.

Tiger: I’m inside my car right now. I’ll wait for you, baby.

I exited the stall, fixed my high ponytail and charged out of the washroom, through the empty hallway towards the exit. Once I arrived to the parking lot, I scoured the vast area searching for his black SUV. There must have been about a hundred cars today, but I soon found his car in the middle a few rows down.
I rounded the last car arriving to the SUV. As I approached his car I stopped, noticing a dent on the back door. There was a tiny bit of blood in the knuckle-indented mark. 
Confused, I went to his door and saw him wrapping a shirt around his right hand. I opened his door. “What happened? Are you bleeding?”
“It’s not a big deal.” he muttered, putting pressure on his hand with the other. “Get inside baby.” I shut his door, and rounded his car, sliding into the passenger side. 
“What happened?” I stammered, dropping my backpack onto the floor mat. “Did you punch your car?”
James glared at his steering wheel. “It doesn’t hurt. It’ll heal quickly.” 
I cringed, glaring at his covered hand, imagining the horrible state of it. “Why’d you punch your car?” I whispered. 
“It’s not a big deal,” he murmured, eyeing the steering wheel more intensely. “Everything’s so messed up.” 
“What are you talking about?” I whispered, hoping he was speaking about this week. My heart did flip-flops as his good hand tightened around the bruised one. 
I jumped over the gap between our seats. “You need your hands to play baseball, don’t do that!” I exclaimed, grabbing his good hand away from the bruised one. I was practically sitting on him, but I didn’t care. The only thing that mattered was that he didn’t make his injury worse. 
“Don’t do that.” I whispered, as he squeezed my hand. I began moving off of him and he let go of my hand, but then quickly wrapped his arm around my waist, pulling me back down onto his lap. 
“James, don’t.” I warned, grabbing his shirt to hold myself from falling on to his chest. My fingers curled into his shirt. Feeling his hard chest accelerated my already beating heart to maximum. It’s been awhile since I felt any part of him. 
Too long... 
I needed to get off and away from him, like now. This ‘thing’ was heading into dangerous territory, where he had every advantage that I didn’t. 
“Let me go.” I hissed. 
“Got into a fight with my dad after I dropped you off last Thursday.” He stared deep into my eyes, looking sad. I inhaled a deep breath, still holding myself from touching chests with him.
“I thought your family went to their cottage?” I said, trying to push off his body, but his grip wouldn’t budge. His fingers curled into my body through the fabric of my top, making me feel things that I shouldn’t have. I didn’t want to, but I was at the mercy of my traitor body, yet again. 
“He came back to get something.” James explained.
“Okay,” I said. 
“I couldn’t think straight afterwards, so I left the house and went to Peter’s for the night.” James explained. “The trip was planned a week ago, and after we got back together I was going to cancel.” 
“But you didn’t.” I murmured. 
“I had to get away,” James said. “My mind was all over the place. Coach called my dad’s cell, complaining that I wasn’t focused enough during the game, even though we won.” 
“And your dad got angry with you?” I asked. 
James nodded. “He went crazy, got in my face, threatening to lay me out if I didn’t shut up.” 
“That’s fucked up.” I murmured. 
 “I’m no pussy. I showed him I wasn’t when he landed on his ass. He looked at me like I did something wrong, when he was the one in my fucking face, threatening to hit me with his fist. He grabbed his shit, shouted how fucking unlucky he was that his first-born was a piece of shit loser, and left the house. I was alone and my mind wasn’t right. I had to leave. The trip was the perfect reason not to be at the house anymore.” James explained. 
“Why didn’t you call me?” I asked, feeling disturbed by his rehashing of events. “I would have come to you. Right away. Running if I had to.” 
“I wasn’t thinking straight.” James grimaced. “I slept at Peter’s house, but the next day my mind was still fucked up. I calmed down once we were all sitting down around a fire Friday night.” 
“You seemed pretty happy in those Friday morning pictures Latisha put on Facebook.” I tried to push away from him, but he wouldn’t budge. “Let me go.” 
“No,” he said. “And I remember pictures of you, all happy with that pussy pitcher guy’s arm around your shoulder.” 
“You broke me bad when you didn’t show up Friday morning. I tried calling you, texting you, but you wouldn’t answer me. I had no idea what happened with you.” I snapped. 
“I was out of it, I just explained that.” James exclaimed. “Was I off hugging and kissing Donna? You saw the video. You saw her rubbing up against me. Did I hug her back? I didn’t. I didn’t even look at her.” 
“What do you want, a medal for your noble actions?” I snipped, pushing at his chest. “You didn’t show up Friday morning after you said you would. You didn’t call. You didn’t text. You sent me to voicemail. Don’t even deny that.”
“Why can’t you understand that I needed to get away? I didn’t want to talk to anyone. My mind was fucked!” he yelled. 
Tears spilled down my face. 
Damn it…. I didn’t want to cry.
“Let me go.” I pushed off his chest with all my might and he reluctantly let me go. I slid back into my seat. “What do you want from me?” 
He just stared at me, bewildered.
“I’m so fucking sorry you had to go through that on Thursday.” I whispered, as new tears streamed down my face. “But, you… fucking… hurt me bad. In front of the entire school, multiple times!”  
He dropped the bloodied shirt, revealing a slightly less bruised knuckle that I’d originally imagined. “What do I have to do?” he pleaded. “Tell me.” 
I closed my eyes.  
“I told you I loved you,” he reminded, like it made a difference. 
It did and it didn’t, if that made sense. 
My eyes snapped open. “And what? That’s supposed to solve all our problems. That’s supposed to make it okay that you humiliated me in front of your little group of friends so you’d look cool.” 
“You attacked me on Monday.” James said. 
My jaw dropped. “I attacked you?” 
“Yeah, you started on how Donna and me look good together, in front of everyone. You were trying be a wise ass in front of everyone. She caught on. You think she was going to let you get away with making her look like a fool!” James yelled. 
“I’m not scared of her_”
James burst out laughing, it sounded anything but happy. “You have no idea! You have no idea what kind of a person she is.” 
“I know exactly what kind of a person she is.” I scoffed. “I heard her fighting with Latisha this morning in the washroom. I know she’s not nice.” 
“Not nice?” James repeated, cringing. “It’s more than that. I told you, those girls get claw-y when they see one of us hooked on another girl. They won’t stop until they ruin whatever’s in their way.” 
I sighed. “But I’m not in her way James, haven’t been for almost a week now.” 
“I’m not into her.” James muttered.  
“Not my problem. Move on to someone else then.” I told him. “Me and you are never getting back together.” 
He grabbed my hand and pulled it into his lap. “You don’t mean that.”
I leaned into him and adjusted his baseball cap. “I do.” 
He pressed my hand into his stomach and shook his head. “No,” 
“Yes.” I said. “I can’t let you back in.” 
“But I love you.” His green eyes looked sad. “It was a fucked up week, a misunderstanding that we both took too far. How come I can forget, but you can’t?” 
“Because, I’m not a masochist.” I smirked, bitterly. “Last time, was really the last time for us.” 
He pulled my hand, squeezing it. “Tell me you don’t love me too?” 
 “I love you…. like crazy.” I whispered. 
“Then don’t make it complicated. Just forget and we can move on, together,” he murmured.  
I yanked my hand back. “I have to get to class.”
James sighed. “You already missed most of second period. There’s no point in going.” 
I unlocked the door and opened it. “Then I’ll hang out till third.” 
I got out before he could say anything else and shut the door. I heard his door open and shut. He rounded the car, joining me with his backpack over his shoulder. “Don’t tell me you’re going to be with that pussy pitcher guy now?” 
“His name is Dean.” I snapped, speed walking away, but James caught up easily, halting me behind a green car. 
“I don’t give a shit what his name is. If he touches you,” James warned. “I swear to God…. it won’t be pretty.”
My eyes widened. “What’s wrong with you?”
“You,” James said. “You’re what’s wrong with me. You belong to me, always.”
“I don’t.” I told him, shaking my head. “I belong to no one.” 
James smirked. “Even the pussy pitcher guy?” 
“His name is Dean and no, I don’t belong to him either. He’s got a girlfriend now.” I informed him. “I ruined my chances with him, because of you!” 
Before he had a chance to respond, I ran with everything I had out of the parking lot.

CHAPTER 42




He didn’t follow me out of the parking lot.
And that was fine….  really, it was. I wasn’t upset that he just gave up, or didn’t care enough to make a scene chasing me back into school. 
AND WHO on Earth told that buffoon he could use the ‘Love’ card? Especially when it was clear he obviously didn’t understand the concept of the word.  
God…if Jenna knew what I did, I think this time she’d actually disown me as her best friend. Hell, even with Roy’s obvious innocence she was adamant Dana stay away from him. In her mind he was guilty just like James was. 
If she knew I’d sat in his car not too long ago…..  
Yeah, I think I’m close to losing her as a best friend if I keep acting the way I do. Nothing I did was making sense today, especially my stupid behavior, which I needed to put in check.
 “Next ten!” The lunch lady yelled, slamming the restaurant’s door back. The line shuffled forward, barely making a dent in the amount of people still left in front of me. 
This was going to take forever. I should have left last period as soon as the bell rang, instead of hesitating, taking my time. 
Jenna was on security duty for Dana, not leaving her side for a second. The entire swim team had crammed their table. There wasn’t even room for me. Which brought me to my next, huge, monumental dilemma, where was I going to eat today? I barely got a wave from Jenna when I entered the cafeteria five minutes ago. She was probably mad at me for even considering that Roy could be innocent. 
There was no way I could sit with them today. Jenna probably thought I was going to ruin all their hard work by trying to convince Dana that Roy was innocent. I was still shocked that they didn’t see it for themselves. It was kind of obvious that Roy wasn’t into kissing Latisha as she was with him. 
Sigh… I don’t know….
Hot breath tickled the back of my neck. I shivered from the feel and before I could face the culprit, it spoke, whispering into my ear. “You think anyone here’s going to feel for you the way I do?” 
I groaned, shutting my eyes in frustration. I didn’t need this right now. He was making a scene again. 
I wanted to turn around and push him away, but I didn’t want to make ‘this’ bigger than it already was to all the wide eyed bystanders, obviously eager to soak in the latest of our drama. To avoid becoming a hot topic again, I was going to have to hold myself from exploding. 
“Get away from me.” I whispered, sternly. 
He grabbed my shoulder, pulling me further into his hard chest, his warm skin touching mine. 
Don’t let him control this. Show him you control this. 
“You belong to me, baby.” His hot breath slid across my skin as if it were one of the most dangerous love elixirs known to man, woman, warlock, hobbit, alien, the world. That’s how powerful it felt. 
“I belong to no one, least of all you.” I growled, quietly. “Why would I ever want to be with you?” 
He exhaled. “Because we love each other, that’s why.” 
His arms circled my waist. 
I had to pretend like it had no effect on me, even though it did majorly. 
“I’m sorry I hurt you.” James murmured, tucking his chin into the curve of my neck. The small of my back, plus the area just below my waist began to tingle ‘uncomfortably’. Unfortunately, I could think of only one solution for getting rid of that ‘problem’. It involved a ton of privacy and a sign that said ‘Screw Dignity, I got my man back’. 
The restaurant’s door slammed open with the lunch lady yelling. “Next ten!” The line shuffled forward. I followed with James hooked on me from behind. It was taking every single ounce of me not to turn around and push him away. That would make a huge scene. I know I said I’d fight back, but that was decided before his little declaration in English. My soul felt crushed, my brain felt mushy and my heart thumped rapidly. I was in no condition to fight big today, even if it was discreetly. 
His arms tightened around my waist, pulling me closer. I heard chuckles and whispers around us, and me fighting back or not didn’t matter since we were top news again. We were the show again. 
“Next ten!” 
It was my turn, finally. I pulled at his strong arms. He let go reluctantly, but I felt him follow closely behind me. “Will you stop following me.” I snapped once we were inside. 
“I want a chocolate milk.” He pointed to the fridge, smirking. 
“You skipped the line, how’s that fair? You need to respect the rules.” I snipped. 
“I follow my own rules.” James smirked, heading for the fridge. I shook my head, exasperated and headed towards the hot station. For the first time in weeks, I wanted something greasy. I was going to get fries today. 
I ordered my fries and spotted James standing next to the cashier with his chocolate milk. 
“Why are you still in here?” I asked, after paying for my fries and water bottle. “You need to stop stalking me.” 
James slowly shook his head and murmured. “I’m not going to stop.” 
“Why?” I grimaced, confused. “Why are you following me around, declaring your devotion when a couple of days ago you said you were never going to look at me again?”
“I told you why.” He answered, paying for his chocolate milk. “How many times do I have to say I screwed up for you to believe that I’m really sorry?” 
I snorted. “You did more than just screw up, you self-destructed.” I had enough of this conversation. I charged for the exit, but he grabbed my arm delicately, halting me and pulling me to the side of the door instead.
 “What do you want now?” I muttered, feeling energy drain out of me. “I’m getting tired of this little act. It’s not funny.”
His forehead creased underneath the back of his baseball cap. “I told you I loved you and you think it’s an act and that it’s funny?” James hissed. “The video proved my innocence_”
I gasped. “Your innocence of what? The fact that we are not together right now has more to do with just last weekend. For our entire relationship, you treated me horribly. You ignored me at school and pretended like I was nothing to you while you were around your stupid friends. Why would I ever want to go back to that?” 
His jaw clenched. “It’s complicated.” 
It’s not good enough... 
“It’s complicated.” I repeated, shaking my head. “Well, why don’t I un-complicate it for you. I think I get it, why all of sudden you want back in. You obviously like what you see, just like some other guys in this school do.” 
His eyes widened, quickly masked with fury. “What guys?” 
I smirked. “There’ve been a few.” 
He pulled me around the waist abruptly, leaning his head closer down to mine, capturing my eyes with his hypnotic stare. “You think any other guy in this school is going to come anywhere near you? They know what’s going to happen to them if they do and it won’t be pretty.” 
I yanked out of his arms. “You’re delusional.” I raced out of the restaurant and eyed Jenna’s packed table. 
“Sit with me.” James’ arm curled around my waist, navigating me towards his table that none of the ‘hot’ girls were sitting at, surprisingly. 
“What?” I muttered, confused. “Where are you taking me?”
“You’re sitting with me today and every day from now on.” James stated, pulling me through the cafeteria. I made eye contact with Jenna as she was in the midst of waving me over. 
Her jaw dropped, looking horrified. “What?” she mouthed, pointing at us. 
“This is a horrible idea.” I hissed to James, unsure if I should yank my body out of his grasp. That would make a scene. 
“It’s a great idea.” he stated, cockily. “You’re going to be around me a lot.”
“Dare to dream.” I hissed as he dragged me to his table. I was no match for his strength. 
“Well look it here, someone new is joining us.” Peter exclaimed, grinning. James pulled me down, making me sit down right beside him on the bench. Exhausted, I didn’t fight it and glanced across at a depressed looking Roy. “Hi.”
“Hey,” he muttered, eyeing the swim team’s table. 
This was so weird. 
None of the ‘hot’ girls were there, which was really weird. I scoured the room and found them huddled together at a table in the far corner, minus Latisha and Donna. They were all shooting death glares my way.
GREAT!
Now I’d have to add a few more enemies to that growing list I had, they’d all go right underneath Shelby and Donna. 
“Is that because of me?” I asked, glancing back at the boys. 
“It’s all good,” Tom sighed, who was sitting next to Roy. “They were getting a little too clingy if you ask me.”
“Please, you loved it.” Peter laughed, punching Tom’s shoulder playfully. “Stacey be looking good in her little skirt today.” 
I cringed as he held his tongue out, pretending to lick ‘Stacey’ as if she were in front of us. The entire table burst out laughing.
 “Oh my God, that is disgusting!” I screeched, which only made them laugh harder. 
“Calm down, Fireball.” Peter grinned, waving me off. 
A small growl escaped James. “Nobody calls her Fireball but me! Her name is Anna to you.” James stated to Peter and the rest of the table.
“Fine, geez. Anna, chill out. I’m just admiring from a far. It’s the least you could let me do. Thanks to you, Stacey is no longer a grab away.” Peter grinned, wagging his eyebrows. 
“My condolences.” I muttered, trying to yank my hand away from James’ tight grasp. “Let go of my hand.” 
He smirked and shook his head. “If I let you go, you’re going to run away again.” 
“That’s because I don’t want to be anywhere near you.” I snapped. “Why would I want to sit next to you?”
James snickered. “You had no problem sitting next to me in my car during second period.” 
The entire table hollered, pointing their fingers at me like I’d just been caught in some scandalous act. 
Peter shook his index finger at me. “Not so innocent, huh Anna!” 
My eyes bulged. “I only went there to tell him to stay away from me. I only sat in his car with him, because he hurt his hand. I felt sorry for him.”
Tom gave James a look of mock concern. “Awe! Did she make you feel better?”
“She sure did.” James smirked, high fiving Tom. I took this opportunity to try and yank my hand back, but his grip remained intact. 
“I didn’t do anything with him.” I shrieked, as they continued to laugh. “He was crying. I felt bad for him.”
The entire table stopped laughing, and James faced me, incredulous. 
Mission accomplished. I could play too.
Since it seemed to do the trick and knock James off his pedestal, I had to keep running with it.  
I nodded. “It’s true. I found him hitting his head against his steering wheel, crying loudly while shouting ‘Why’. What was I supposed to do, leave him depressed? Unlike him, I have compassion, even after he humiliated me this week.” 
“I didn’t cry.” James stated, eyeing his boys. “I didn’t cry.” 
“He did. It broke my heart seeing him red faced, tears streaming down his face. He used all my napkins, wiping the snot off his nose.” I assured, trying my best to stay serious. I eyed James, whose jaw clenched tighter. “I’ve never seen a boy…I’m sorry, a man cry as much as you did. You should have told me how you felt sooner.” 
James, now sullen, let go of my hand and I quickly took it back. 
Look who’s not so cool anymore…muhahaha. 
The boys quickly returned to their previously intellectual conversations. As James now ignored me, talking about their game last Thursday, I contemplated making a run for it. This was my opportunity to go, but there was no way I was going to sit with Jenna, not after this little scene. 
I was staying.
And if James wanted to get smart with me again, I’d humiliate him by making up some more lies about how sensitive he was. 
Yeah…. that sounds like a good plan. 
I grabbed my fries and ate one. The salty grease hit my tongue and made my taste buds go crazy. It’d been awhile since I’d eaten fries. Without realizing it, my brain calculated each fry inside the carton. I wasn’t sure if I would finish the entire thing as I calculated the final number. 
My phone chimed.  
I placed my bag on top of my lap and checked my phone from inside it. 
My heart stopped beating. 

Jenna: What are you doing?!

Annabelle: He forced me! I didn’t want to make a huge scene running away from him in front of everyone.

Jenna: Really?

Annabelle: Yes! It’s the truth. He’s been hounding me since first period, claiming everything’s been one huge misunderstanding.

“Who are you texting?” James asked. I glanced up from my bag at him clenching his jaw. 
Was he jealous? 
I leaned towards him, smiling small. “None of your business.” I whispered. 
He exhaled a long breath and rested his elbows on the table with his hands clasped together. “If you’re texting that pitcher, I swear to God, I’m driving up there and kicking his ass, right now.” 
“Like you would.” I snorted, looking away to see if Jenna texted back. 
She didn’t.
“You don’t believe me?” James’ voice went low. The entire table became silent.
Top news again…. wonderful… NOT!
I grimaced. “Well you’re not exactly a man of your word, so no, I don’t.” 
How was that for a reality check…. it was time to wipe that smug look off his stupid idiot face.  
Tom and Peter’s jaws dropped. The rest of the table gasped.
James kept his eyes on me and it felt like he was digging at my soul. “I’m waiting.” he said, smugly.  
“Waiting for what?” I asked, confused. 
“Who were you texting?” he asked again ‘calmly’, but I could hear what was really simmering underneath it. 
Jealousy.
I rolled my eyes and told him the truth, reluctantly. “Jenna.” 
“Good.” He nodded once and eyed his boys like he made his point. The entire table burst out laughing and I hissed, looking away.
He played me!  
“Awe, look, she’s upset with you James.” Tom laughed. 
“She started it.” James scoffed, grabbing my hand and pulling it into his lap. I had no energy to pull it back. Besides he’d probably tighten his grasp, so there was no point in trying to pull it back. 
Honestly….
I wasn’t making excuses on why I was letting him hold my hand…. willingly.
I mean, it’s not like I liked how his hand felt over mine…. really… honest.  
I eyed a few tables down at the ‘hot’ girls, who were still staring daggers my way. Donna and Latisha had yet to show up. Maybe they were planning their revenge on my ‘presence’ kicking them off the baseball team’s table? 
“Wonderful.” I muttered, looking away to my uneaten fries. The grease from the fries had marked the carton. It did nothing for my appetite. 
But honestly…. all I that grease scared me. 
Weeks of eating nothing but low calorie meals changed something inside of me. 
How I looked at food now was different. 
And that really…. really scared me. 
I didn’t want to be that girl… you know, the one who couldn’t understand the concept of control or eating in moderation (the right way) because she was so focused on looking a certain way for once in her life.
Control.
This 
Annabelle.  
“Why aren’t you eating?” Tom asked, eyeing my fries.
This was it…. control. 
It only took a second for me to decide, as if it were an automatic response. “I’m not hungry.” I murmured, pushing my fries forward towards him, which he happily took and downed in record speed. 
Failed. 
Whatever, there was still time to fix that issue later, if it even was an issue. 
I glanced at Roy who was busy eye stalking Dana. I eyed Jenna’s table, and I caught Jenna shaking her head at me. She pointed at me and said something to Dana, who was staring this way sadly. 
She wanted to be where I was, only sitting next to Roy, having him hold her hand, like James was with me. 
Consensually though. 
Honest.
“I’m done with that girl.” Roy muttered, shaking his head. “I’m done with her for good this time.” 
What? 
Roy’s eyes locked on mine 
“You’re done?” I asked him, feeling my heart hammer one slow beat at a time. 
He nodded slowly. “I’m tired, Anna. It’s exhausting…. trying to be in a relationship. Senior year’s not supposed to be like this. We’re supposed to be having fun, not stuck in this constant cycle of misery. We’ve been suffering. I’m done doing the back and forth thing. I am done.” 
 “We?” I asked, and then my hand was squeezed. 
“Yeah.” James whispered, gently caressing my palm with his thumb. It was making me feel things… everywhere. “We.” 
I stared at him incredulously. “You aren’t allowed to say that.” I shook my head at him slowly. 
His eyes widened. “Why not? It’s the truth.” 
“You haven’t been suffering.” I glowered. 
James eyed his boys for confirmation. “I have, haven’t I?”
“Yep.” The boys, one by one murmured in agreement. 
“It’s true, Anna.” Peter nodded, eyeing Tom with a humorous glint in his eyes. “He’s been in constant pain, right Tommy boy?”
Tom grinned, nodding. “That’s right, especially yesterday when you came to school wearing that little… sexy number.” 
The whole table howled like wolves, laughing.
Literally. 
I could feel my face heating up. 
Yesterday’s outfit wasn’t that sexy… was it?
Oh God! 
“Damn sexy,” Peter exclaimed, wagging his eyebrows playfully. “You wanted to let your man know what he was missing out on, didn’t you?” 
My eyes widened. “NO!” 
“Oh he was feeling that pain yesterday,” Tom smirked.
“What pain?” I eyed James, who was chuckling and giving me a funny look. 
“You look good today, but yesterday was something else.” Peter grinned. “You want your man to feel pain again, you come to school wearing those shorts again.” 
My jaw dropped. “You guys are disgusting!” 
The table howled with laughter again. 
They all thought they were so smart, so suave…so hilarious. Well, they weren’t. The stupid ‘hot’ girls were spoiling them by laughing at all their stupid jokes. 
Even Roy was chuckling, and he was depressed. 
Well…. I could play too.
BOOM!
Fighting back!
I stopped fighting to pull back my hand, letting it linger on top of his knee. But this time, I pressed the back of my hand into his skin, feeling his leg stiffen in an instant. 
It was his turn to start feeling funny. It was his turn to feel embarrassment in front of everyone. 
It was his turn.
For once. 
“I’m so sorry I made you feel pain this week, especially yesterday. I had no idea.” I told him in mock concern. “I should take responsibility for my actions.” 
His green eyes narrowed and his jaw clenched tightly again. 
I smirked. “Since it wasn’t just you who was affected by me wearing that outfit yesterday.” 
“Oh yeah?” James pressed, all humor gone from his voice.
I looked him straight in the eyes. “Yeah.” I answered, firmly.
Peter waved his hand between us. “You two play nice. We have to behave ourselves. We’re not allowed to get into anymore fights in the cafeteria.”
“Last time was her fault.” James pointed at me, making my jaw drop. 
“How was that my fault?” I shrieked. 
“You were mean to James,” Tom explained.
Peter chuckled. “Yep, he was mad. Too bad for Johnny boy, he was in the wrong place at the wrong time.” 
“Screw that, those pussies think they’re hot shots in this school. Last I counted, they lose every game they play!” James roared, leaning his upper body over the table to high five Peter and Tom. 
I rolled my eyes. “That wasn’t my fault. That was his fault.” 
“My fault!” James exclaimed as if the notion was insane. “How was it my fault that you wouldn’t let me talk to you in the hallway.” 
He pushed my hand up his leg, resting it now on his outer thigh. 
It was a little too close to… you know…. it.
“You know what you did!” I hissed at him, feeling exhausted out of my mind. But I wasn’t going to stop pushing back. I pulled my hand again. “Let go, I’m tired of this.” 
James shook his head. “I told you before. I’m not letting you go.”
“He did tell you, Anna.” Peter confirmed. 
“Yep.” Tom smirked. 
Looking over my shoulder, Roy cleared his throat. “Guys.” Jerking his chin upwards. “We have company.” 
James let go of my hand so he could turn and face whoever it was that decided to join us. I peeked over my shoulder and my eyes widened as a huddle of testosterone fueled ‘men’ stood behind us. The crowd of jaw twitching ‘men’ parted and sporting a ‘Real Madrid’ soccer shirt, the Captain of the Royal Heights High Soccer team took his place up front, glaring daggers our way.
Johnny! 
He crossed his arms over his chest and pinned his murderous glare straight at James. “Who did you just call a pussy?” 

CHAPTER 43




Nobody spoke aloud, instead a war of words were being communicated silently between James and Johnny. It was the longest ten seconds of my life. But it promptly ended as the crowd of angry soccer players parted again, this time letting through Matthew, co-captain of the soccer team.
Matthew…. 
“We’re waiting, bitch.” Matthew stated, not stopping after reaching Johnny, but going for that extra-long step that would put him in James’ face. 
Johnny’s overstretched arm gated Matthew back, pulling him back. I gulped and eyed James, who looked un-moved by the whole thing as he relaxed with his back against the table. 
James sighed loudly, tilting his head to the side at Johnny and Matthew. “For what?” 
“Answer now.” Johnny barked, quietly. 
James stood up and was an arm’s length away from the angry duo. They were all the same height, but that didn’t stop James. His lip twitched and he gave in, grinning big. “Oh yeah, I remember now.” 
Johnny and Matthew narrowed their eyes, looking confused. 
“I’m touched that you guys want to spend every waking moment with me, but I told your boy last time, I don’t roll like that. I’m not going to kiss you. So quit it. No means no, and I won’t stand for the two of you sexually harassing me anymore!” James stated before bursting out laughing. 
My jaw dropped. 
How could he say that to a group of angry looking soccer players? 
A second after James’ declaration, the entire baseball team behind us burst out laughing. Peter collapsed against the tabletop, laughing at the top of his lungs while his head hits my arm. 
“What did you just call us, you piece of shit?” Matthew growled, trying to push past Johnny’s steel arm. “Come here and say that to my face. See what’ll happen bitch, see what’ll happen!” 
I should have gotten up and left this between the two teams to sort out, but I couldn’t go. 
Tiger’s hand... 
James’ hand was bruised from smashing into his car earlier. If he got into a fight now, he might make it worse. Then there was the whole getting caught by a teacher issue. A fight could cost him his spot on the team.
The laughter died down to silence and Peter climbed over the table, stepping past me to stand next to James. Tom and Roy and the rest of the baseball team quickly got up from the table, leaving me the lone person sitting. They huddled around James and Peter, ready at a moment’s notice to bring ‘honor’ back to their side.
In this moment right here, the baseball team, as the Kings, and the soccer team as the Knights were battling for cafeteria lunchtime supremacy. 
Who would win? 
A light snicker waved through the baseball team. 
“What did you just call me?” Johnny roared, making me jump. My heart started to pound like crazy, staring at the back of every member of the baseball team. They were motionless.
“I didn’t call you anything. I’m just saying, it’s about time you guys found a new hobby, like, I don’t know, maybe actually practicing soccer so that you’ll actually win a game?” James sneered, taking a step closer. As soon as he moved, the Kings moved too. Johnny and his Knights also took a step closer. 
They were practically nose-to-nose. 
“You think you’re so funny, don’t you?” Matthew growled. 
“Stop wasting my time.” James leaned forward. “I’m tired of waiting for you pussies. Are you gonna do something or not?” 
A noise came from behind the soccer team. 
Pushing through the soccer team, Becky Sloaner made her way next to Johnny. “Get out of his face you asshole!” she screeched to James, her eyes bulging. 
Even though Johnny and her hadn’t come out as a couple officially, it was so obvious that they were together. 
A light echo of snickers rippled across the baseball team again. James, Peter, Tom and Roy all smirked with one another. 
“Awe, will you look at that,” Tom cooed. “He brought in reinforcements just in case he couldn’t handle all of us.” 
Peter started laughing. “You brought extra back up Johnny!” 
Johnny’s eyes bulged, turning red. “No, we don’t need back up to take you guys out.” 
“Your little girlfriend here says otherwise.” Roy mentioned. 
“She’s not my girlfriend.” Johnny growled. 
My jaw dropped. 
I did not expect those words to come out of him, especially after she put herself out there for him just now….
What a dick. 
Becky pushed her way back through the huddled soccer team to her table. Her friends wouldn’t make eye contact with her as they focused on the tabletop. She grabbed her backpack and stormed out of the cafeteria. 
Before the doors shut from Becky’s hasty exit, Donna pushed into the cafeteria, looking pissed off. Latisha followed behind her, looking red in the face. Both girls were wearing very small tank tops with half their stomachs out. 
Their tanks an inch or two shorter would’ve been mistaken for sport bras. Jenna was probably having a field day making fun of them dressed like that.
Not classy, but definitely with a purpose. 
They were obviously on a mission. 
James and Roy. 
However, their grand, sex sells entrance was ruined as the guys were busy in a standoff with the soccer team. 
Tough. 
The sound of Tom’s laughter interrupted my train of thought and I quickly looked back at him. 
“Somebody’s in the dog house!” He laughed, joined by his fellow baseball players. I glanced at James and he was smiling, not laughing, probably because he got it and because he was currently in the doghouse with me. 
“Shut up.” Matthew growled, taking a step forward getting in the baseball team’s personal space. 
“Woah there,” Peter held his hand out at Matthew. “I thought we made ourselves clear, we don’t roll like that. Stop trying to hug us.” 
The baseball team burst out laughing again. All of a sudden Donna and the ‘hot’ girl crew were right next to them, also laughing. 
It was my cue to leave. 
I grabbed my backpack and glared at the floor, scared of catching another death glare from Jenna, and made my way into the restaurant. It was empty inside except for the lunch ladies. 
“We don’t have much left,” One of them mentioned, eyeing me from behind the hot station.
“That’s okay, I’ll just pick something quickly.” I told them, eyeing what was left. I ate one fry and the feeling of no food in me was beginning to make my head sway. 
If I passed out from lack of food, the probability of being under Mom’s watchful eye again was very possible.
I did not want to be under her watchful eye again. 
Thankfully they had a few salads left. One of them was Caesar and it had bacon. 
Protein.
Perfect.
I grabbed the salad. Before making it to the cash register to pay, my eye caught a chocolate bar, all alone in its box. 
I could go for a candy bar today. 
I grabbed one and paid for everything, but I didn’t exit the restaurant, instead I halted behind the door and eyed the cafeteria from the window in the door. The shop teacher was splitting the baseball team and the soccer team again. As the baseball team laughed their way back to their table, Donna took my spot next to James. 

CHAPTER 44




The lunch ladies were sympathetic to my situation and let me use their exit in the back of the restaurant. 
I chose a spot not far from History and plopped down in front of a random locker. My phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text as I ate my salad.
It was either Jenna or James, and with knowing that, I had no desire to look. They could wait. I needed fuel for more of James’ excuses and for Jenna’s pointed figure of shame.
There was a washroom a row of lockers away from where I was sitting. Faint sounds of sniffles echoed. Curious, I ate the last of my salad and headed down the hallway to investigate. The closer I got to the washroom the more the sounds became noticeable. A girl was crying and hiccupping in there. I entered as quietly as possible, colliding into louder sounds of sniffles. The door shut loudly behind me but the sniffles ceased to dim. 
“Damn it.” Whoever it was hissed from behind the first stall upon entering. She should have taken the one at the far end… there was more privacy. 
Experience.
“You okay?” I whispered, unsure if what I was doing was right.
 Should I have minded my own business? 
Hell, how many people have walked in on me during one of my mini breakdowns and simply used the washroom quickly without as much of a peep to me?
A lot. 
“No.” she sniffed, trying to catch her breath. “Who are you and why do you care anyways?”
“Whatever.” I murmured, backing into the exit. 
“Wait,” she cried, unlocking the stall. The stall door squeaked open, revealing a girl my height with long dark brown hair that shielded her face. “I’m sorry, I’m not all ‘there’ right now.”
 “Becky?” I said to her as she blinked back at me. 
“Annabelle, right?” she asked, placing her hands underneath the automatic faucet. “Didn’t we have like, English, last year together?”
“It was actually World History, but close enough.” I took a spot next her, pretending to check my reflection in the mirror. “Were you crying?”
“You heard that huh?” She smirked, bitterly, shaking her head as she focused on the water caressing her hands. “You’d think with all the times I’ve been in here crying, I’d have learned how to keep to myself more. I’m pathetic.”
“You’re not.” I told her. “I saw what happened.”
“Everyone saw what happened.” she murmured, still not looking up. “I’m the joke of the school.” 
“I don’t know about that, but it was definitely news worthy.” I told her, knowing what it felt like. “Everyone’s probably moved on to the next big thing that’s happened here. Don’t you know a fight breaks out every two seconds?”
“I hope so.” She hiccupped, wiping smudged black eye liner with a wet paper towel. “I can’t believe he did that.”
“I can’t either.” I told her. “Same thing, kind of happened to me.” 
“I know, I saw. That was a nasty situation.” She eyed me from the mirror. “But at least he’s chasing you again. And it’s not like he said you weren’t his girlfriend in front of everyone. There’s no coming back from that.”
“No amount of apologizing will fix it.” I continued.
“No amount of groveling. He made his choice. I’m never going to look at him after today.” she growled, her nostrils flaring in and out. 
Her phone beeped, but she ignored it. “He had no problem acting like I was his girlfriend last weekend.” 
I snorted, nodding in agreement. “I know what that’s like.”
She snorted. “He thinks he can play with my emotions, then dismiss me in front of everyone and everything’s going to be okay?” 
“It’s not going to happen.” I concluded.
“Hell no, it’s not going to happen. I’m done with that fool.” She grabbed a mascara tube from her bag and began applying it, double coating each lash. Her phone beeped again, and this time her hand hesitated midair with the mascara brush. She applied the last coat and turned, leaning against the edge of the sink. “It’s so hard to….”
I leaned next to her. “I know, I know.” 
She glared at the floor. “You know, I’ve got a nickname too. When it’s just the two of us, he calls me ‘Becks’. 
“At least it’s a normal nickname. Mine, not so much.” I chuckled.
She gave me a small smile. “Fireball, right?”
“Yeah.” I answered. “It’s not that cute.” 
Becky exhaled a deep breath. “Why do we keep letting these guys treat us like this?”
Why did we? 
“I don’t know.” I murmured. 
She let out a light chuckle. “This might shock you, but this isn’t the first time I’ve snuck away to cry.” She pointed to the stall she came out of. “That right there, that’s my spot.”
I grinned. “It’s a good spot. Mine is in the North East hallway washroom. I got the stall furthest from the door, more privacy.”
She laughed. “Thanks.” she told me. 
“For what? I didn’t do anything.” I said.
“You did. It kind of feels good knowing I’m not the only one going through this. We’re going through the same things and it’s nice to talk to about it without feeling like the other person’s going to judge you.” Becky explained. 
“Again, I know what that’s like.” I mentioned, exhaling a deep breath. It was nice speaking with somebody who got it and didn’t judge. 
If Jenna was here right now, instead of me, she would have gone on, and on, and on, and on about what a mistake Becky made, letting Johnny treat her that way. Which she was right, but who wants to hear sound advice all the time, especially when it’s regarding matters of the heart. 
I pushed off the sink counter. “I’m heading off.”
She nodded. “Alright. If you don’t mind, I’m just going to chill in here for a bit, just in case Johnny’s out in the hallway trying to find me so he can ‘explain’ his side of the story. Like I want to hear that.”
“If you want, I can scour the hallway and text you if I see him?” I offered.
She shook her head. “It’s all good. He’s always on time for his classes. I’ll just leave it to a minute before lunch ends and head off then. We don’t have the same class next. But, give me your number anyways. We should totally hang out.” 
I smiled at her. 
This was great, even though it was a somewhat sad situation, I’d made a new friend. I should branch out of Jenna’s swim team group more. There was a whole world waiting for me to show up. After exchanging numbers, I headed out of the washroom, but I wasn’t paying attention since I was smiling to myself about making a new friend, that I bumped into someone. My hands instinctively flew up, landing on a familiar red Soccer jersey/shirt.
Real Madrid?
I only knew what it what it was because Charles, my little brother was a huge soccer fan and his favorite World Cup team was Real Madrid. 
Apparently it was someone else’s favorite team too. 
Johnny. 
Our eyes connected and I froze, my fingers digging into his shirt-covered rock like chest for support.   
“Sorry.” he said, holding my shoulders in place. I let go of his shirt slowly, feeling the freeze melt and the shock of seeing him this soon. I guess getting to class on time wasn’t as big of a priority for him as Becky thought. “Is Becky in there?”
He let go of my shoulders and I shook my head. “Sorry, it’s empty.” 
“Damn it.” he hissed, turning to face Matthew who was staring at me. “I’m going to check the one next to her last class, maybe she’s there.” 
“Bro, didn’t you say she usually uses this one?” Matthew said, still staring at me. 
Why was he staring at me? 
Seeing as my work was done, I nodded at both boys and started to walk down the hallway.
“Wait just a minute,” Matthew called, taking two long steps to block my way. “You aren’t lying to us right now, are you?” 
“No.” I told him, trying not to blink. “It’s empty.” 
“She said it’s empty.” Johnny stressed, sounding agitated. “I’m going to try another one. See you in class.” 
Johnny rushed down the hallway to the next washroom. Matthew, with his piercing blue eyes and dark brown hair didn’t move from in front of me. This whole scenario was a major head-trip, and that’s because this was the first time in three years that we’ve spoken to one another. 
“Can you like get out of my way?” I told him, trying to move the other way, but he blocked me again. 
“Why are you going out with James?” he asked out of nowhere, eyeing me peculiarly. 
It’s like he was scanning me, assessing me. “What are you talking about? I’m not going out with James.” I told him.
Matthew snorted. “You are. That’s a shame, because he’s just going to use you again.” 
“Whatever.” I said, feeling myself heat up from anger. “You’re one to talk about ‘loyalty’ aren’t you?” 
“I’m the most loyal person there is.” He scowled, crossing his arms over his chest. 
Was it me or was he trying to puff out his chest? 
Was he trying to ‘show’ himself to me? 
That would be a laugh, especially from this guy. I’d turned off emotions related to Matthew since the start of high school. In fact, we haven’t really spoken since the summer before the ninth grade. “Why are you talking to me anyways?”
Matthew jerked his chin back, as if that question confused him. “I’ve known you since preschool. Why shouldn’t I be talking to you?” 
I shook my head slowly, it feeling heavy with each turn. “That’s where you’re wrong, you don’t know me, you haven’t known me since the eighth grade. How can you know an ‘invisible’ person?”
He exhaled through his nose and his jaw clenched. I guess I hit a delicate spot…. awe… so not sorry!
“Things changed, I went my way and you went yours, they just happened to be in opposite directions.” Matthew explained. It did little to ease the confusion in me. Where was all ‘this’ coming from? Why was he choosing to communicate with me now? 
I felt a crease in my forehead. “And now?” 
“Now, we’re at a crossroads, about to cross paths for the first time. Maybe it was faith.” Matthew said with a small smile. “I mean, we used to be good friends.” 
“Used to be, being the three operative words. Used to be, as in not anymore.” I snipped back. “Used to be, as in get the hell away from me and leave me alone.” 
He eyed me like venom. “So is this how you treat all your old friends?”
I raised an eyebrow. “Only the shady, asshole ones.” I gave him a snide smile and turned to walk away. 
“You know where he is right now?” Matthew said, taking a giant step to block me again. 
“I don’t care where he is, he’s a single guy, he can do whatever he wants.” I scowled at him. “Get out of my way!” 
“He’s with Donna.” Matthew shook his head, smirking. “He’s always with Donna.” 
I cringed. “Really? That’s your pick up line. I’d say you’d need to work on some new material, because this stuff isn’t working.”
His eyes widened, blocking my way again. “Trust me baby, when I come on to you, you’ll know it and you won’t be turning back for that piece of shit ever again.” 
What the hell? 
Where was this coming from?
Matthew had literally not spoken to me in three years, now all of a sudden I was like some…. potential conquest for him, an infatuation? 
Screw that! 
I scowled at him. “Get out of my way.” 
“You think James was the first guy in this school to notice you?” Matthew said. 
“What are you talking about?” I cringed. 
“You know what I’m talking about.” Matthew said.
“I don’t even know you.” I said. 
“You’ve had your head down for three years, then all of a sudden that piece of crap shows up and everything changes with you.” Matthew said.
I cringed. “What?”
“Your look, your attitude.” Matthew said, eyeing my whole body.  
“So I lost a little weight, my attitudes always been like this.” I told him. 
He sneered. “Bull.”
“Why am I even arguing with you?” I exclaimed and then walked away, leaving him dumbfounded. 
The old Annabelle, the younger Annabelle… she would have died and gone to heaven if Matthew took time out of his little stud soccer group to come and talk to her. 
Just like we had during junior high, before he turned into the douchebag guy he was today. Back when we were both just regular kids who had a lot in common. Then he went away for the summer before the ninth grade and came back with a new look, a new height, and a whole new group of friends, that didn’t include me. 
Stop thinking about the ninth grade!
I had to stop thinking about those first few months of high school. I’d begun to gain some weight and it shot my confidence down. I would have been a loner if it weren’t for Jenna. 
The bell rang, signaling the end of lunch. I was a little further away from class than I originally thought I was. Not that I wanted to get to class any quicker than I had to. History was going to start in a few minutes and I’d have to come face to face with the angry hurricane that was Jenna. 

CHAPTER 45




I was last to class. Jenna sat up front next to Tina, her fellow swim team member. She also avoided eye contact with me. So, yeah, I didn’t even get a hello. I knew she was pissed off from what happened in the cafeteria, but to not even look at me, what the hell was up with that? 
I was innocent. 
Class was full, except for one seat in the back. ‘Luckily’ for me, that seat was next to Tom. He waved, smiling big as I crossed the room.
Yay….
A few minutes towards the end of class I felt his eyes on me. “Where’d you go?” 
He probably wanted information for James. 
I stared straight ahead. “Away.” 
“Away?” 
“Yep,” I said as the bell rang. Everyone quickly got up. “Now if you’ll excuse me, Jenna, wait!’ 
I caught up to her in the hallway. She said something to Tina and stopped. Tina looked over Jenna’s shoulder, raising an eyebrow at me before nodding back to her and walking off. 
What the hell was that? 
Did she recruit her ‘friends’ to give me attitude too now? 
She scowled as I stopped in front of her. “What do you want?”
“I didn’t do anything with him.” I blurted out.
 She gave me a look that screamed ‘Yeah right’ and shook her head. “You know…. last night, it took a while to get Dana to calm down. That video really screwed her up. But she’s going to cast Roy out for good now.”
“I think he’s innocent.” I murmured, unsure why we were talking about Dana and not the thick tension between us. “I saw the video. He practically threw up after the kiss with Latisha.”
 “Well, the brotherhood doesn’t think so. We don’t tolerate that kind of behavior and he’ll be lucky to get within a hundred feet of her without one of us there to kick him back where he came from. Asshole-ville.” Jenna sneered. “Don’t bring Dana back Annabelle. She doesn’t need to use the same love logic as you. We all saw how wonderful that turned out, didn’t we.” 
“I didn’t do anything wrong.” I whispered, grimacing. 
“I’m not going to tell you again, Anna,” She smiled ‘sweetly’ at me, but it didn’t reach her eyes. “You worry about you, and the swim team will worry about Dana.” 
“Why are we talking about Dana? What happened in the cafeteria wasn’t what it seemed.” I gulped. “He cornered me in the restaurant and pulled me to his table. What was I supposed to do?” 
“Okay.” She shrugged, emotionless. 
“Okay?” I repeated, confused. 
“Yeah, ‘okay’ as in, I don’t care anymore.” She sighed, sounding exhausted. “I don’t care anymore. Do whatever you want. But, when he screws you over again, don’t come crying to me again, I’ve had enough.” 
My eyes widened. Who was this person? “I didn’t do anything with him.” 
Her jaw clenched and some of that indifference left her ‘bored’ eyes, quickly replaced with a look of disgust and sadness. 
“I won’t pick up the pieces Anna, not this time.” she murmured, sounding hoarse as she said ‘not this time’. 
“But nothing’s happened.” I hissed, exasperated. 
Why wouldn’t she believe me?
She inhaled through her nostrils and shook her shoulders as if she were shaking bad mojo off of her. “Then good for you,” She nodded, going back to her indifferent, bored look. “Anyways, I gotta go, swim practice starts in forty-five minutes.” 
“Can we talk later?” I asked, hoping she’d say ‘yes’. She could swim off her frustrations, and when she’d get home later, we could actually have a rational conversation about what actually happened.
Silence. She just stared at me, like she didn’t know what to say. 
Finally, she exhaled. “I’ll probably be too tired, so, yeah….” 
“What?” I cringed, not getting her behavior at all. 
Best friends weren’t supposed to treat each other like this. 
Best friends were supposed to stick together no matter what.
No matter what. 
Did she forget already or was I just not ‘up there’ in her long list of friends anymore? 
She glared at me, disappointment blazing from her expression. “Sometimes… actions have consequences, Anna. Anyways, I gotta go.”
She left me stranded in the middle of the hallway, bewildered and deeply disappointed. I didn’t know if it was mostly at her or myself. Why did she have to make me feel like I was letting her down?
I did nothing wrong….
Right?
Or did I? 
Drained and feeling like crap, I headed to my locker.  After exchanging a few things, I slapped the door shut and let my head linger against the cool surface.
For a little too long might I say….
I was out in the open, alone and vulnerable. Somebody stopped to a halt right behind me, nudging my side with what felt like steel, but it wasn’t, it was just his hand. 
I knew who it was.
Here’s the part where I tell myself to breathe and stand strong before….
 “Where were you?” James murmured from behind, the scent of his body wash and cologne invading my senses. 
And I was too late….
NO!
It’s never too late!
Fight!
Even if his scent is intoxicating, keep strong, you’re no pushover! 
I plugged my nose and moved down two lockers. Once I was free of his scent, I answered. “Not that it’s any of your business, but I left the room to go find some peace and quiet.” 
“Why didn’t you text me?” he asked. 
“Why would I need to text you? You’re not my boyfriend.” I said, beginning to walk away, but he grabbed my arm delicately and pulled me into his chest, hugging me.
Oh great…. now his smell conquered me….
God, his scent was so…. hypnotic, deadly, powerful…. soul destroying, at the same time made my knees weak. 
“The shop teacher blamed our side for the argument, so we couldn’t leave the cafeteria until the bell rang. I would have raced out the second I could, but I was stuck inside.” James murmured, as if it made a difference. 
It totally didn’t. 
I mean, it’s not like I was waiting for him to come running down the hallway, yelling my name in worry. 
So yeah…
“Whatever,” I answered, sounding bored. 
His face, without permission went into my neck. “Baby, you know you belong to me.”
I took a deep breath, not that it did any good. “Why now?” 
“What?” he asked. 
“Why didn’t you act like this when we were actually together? That’s all I’ve ever wanted and you couldn’t give me that back then.” I murmured back, leaning my forehead against his chest. “Why now?”
Silence. 
“And please don’t say it’s complicated again.” I moaned. 
“I wish I had another answer, but that’s what it is. Complicated.” he answered. 
“It’s not complicated, James.” I pulled away and he let me go. “It’s not, because I’ve figured it out. I look more like one of you guys now. You’re not stressing standing beside me, and touching me in public. You weren’t like this before.” 
He took a step closer, but I took a step back. 
“I’ve been crazy about you since I met you, can’t you see that?” he murmured, as if he were in pain. His eyes looked sad. But I needed to disregard everything sad looking about him like my life DE…PEND….ED on it. That was his ammo…. and it usually worked. 
Until now that is. 
“Well, you have a weird way of showing it – no sorry – a horrible way of showing it.” I said. My hand was beginning to shake, so I hid it behind my back.  
“Baby, I love you,” he whispered, using that voice. “How can that be horrible?”
He was dismantling me… one word at a time. 
“I saw everything good about you, that mouth, the way you’d tell me off, always riding my ass for saying something stupid.” James murmured, taking a step into my space and placing his hands on each side of my face, softly caressing my cheeks with his rough fingertips in short strokes. “You’re my everything.”
“I’m your everything in private, you mean.” I breathed, staring at him bitterly. I pulled his hands away from my face, and took another painful step back. My back was against a locker, so I had nowhere else to go. I held my arm out, insuring a little distance between us. His breathing quickened and his nostrils flared at the sight of my overstretched arm. 
“I told you, the crew I roll with here, it wouldn’t have been a good idea to mix you with them.” James explained, not that it made any sense anyways.
“Then why is it okay now?” I asked.
James sighed. “Because life’s a bitch, that’s why.”
I shook my head, exasperated. “You’re not making any sense.” 
“The reality of the situation is nasty. My girl right here, she can go toe to toe with any of those crazies the entire baseball team likes to hang out with. Not that you weren’t beautiful before, but now you make them all look like nothing. And they hated you before, now they really hate you.” James explained. 
“Donna?” I asked. 
“Donna wants to tear your guts out. That girl’s been after me since summer.” James explained. 
“Did you sleep with her?” I asked and then mentally slapped myself. 
Wrong question, Annabelle, wrong freaking question. 
James shook his head. “No way.” 
I shook my head. “I can’t get over the way you’ve treated me. I don’t think I can get over it.” 
James’ jaw clenched. “I was protecting you.” 
My eyes widened. “Protecting me?” 
He let out a exasperated breath. “I told you before, the girls we hang out with are fucked in the head. They’re not all there. They attack and they don’t give a shit who they hurt, just as long as they get what they want.” 
I raised an eyebrow. “I’m not scared of any of them.” 
“Now, but not before.” James said. 
“I’m still the same person.” I reminded him. 
“You’re not. Not these last few days baby. Stop kidding yourself. You know you got it, that’s why you walk into school every day moving your body differently.” James said. 
“I don’t.” I said. 
“You do,” James murmured, taking a step closer. “You’re driving me crazy.”
My eyes widened. “Stop talking to me like that.” 
He pulled me into his embrace. “Trust me baby, I wish I could but it’s been a whole week since I’ve felt you on me.” 
“If you think I’m ever going to kiss you, or do anything else with you, especially after Monday and Tuesday’s fight, then you’re crazy.” I said, placing my hands against his chest so that mine wouldn’t touch his. 
“You were just as much to blame as I was. It’s about time you took responsibility for your actions too.” James pouted, pushing his chest into my hands. 
Excuse me? 
He did not just say that to me!
“What the hell am I responsible for?” I asked, flabbergasted. 
“You called me out first.” James reminded.  
“And you had no problem coming back at me on more than that one occasion,” I reminded him. “You attacked me the next day, in front of the entire school, in the cafeteria.” 
James curled his arm tighter around my waist. “We were being watched. Donna was still pissed after your friend called her a skank in front of everyone.” 
I snorted. “That’s because she is one.” 
James sneered. “Look who’s all nasty now? Maybe you two aren’t so different after all.” 
Silence.
What did he just call me?
He did not just compare me to Donna!
“So why aren’t you scared now, you’ve been talking to me all day, even dragged me to sit with you and the rest of your ‘special’ friends? You weren’t scared about Donna today. So your entire argument can go to the dogs. You’re full of crap.” I grilled him. 
James shook his head slowly. “Donna doesn’t run things anymore.” 
I snorted. “That’s funny, because she seems to think she owns the baseball team.”
“Let me tell you something Fireball, she owns squat since last Friday.” James said. “We’re all free now. We don’t have to worry anymore.” 
“What are you talking about?” I asked him.  
He lets go of my waist and takes a few steps back. “I gotta go, baseball practice.” He turned and walked away, leaving me dumbfounded.
What was with all these coded words? 
He was confusing the hell out of me. 
I headed to the washroom, entering my favorite stall. I needed a few moments of uninterrupted silence and since the school seemed to be emptying, it was the perfect place to go. 
Or so I thought. 
“Who does she think she is?” Donna’s screech echoed into the washroom before she barraged inside.
Donna and her ‘hot’ girl crew came traipsing inside.
Loudly. 
“I mean, come on!” Donna exclaimed again. “She thinks she can walk into school, dressed like one of us and get away with it.”
“Yeah!”
“She’s got another thing coming if she thinks she can copy our style!”
“We should totally have a word with her. Tell her she can’t just do that.” 
“She wants to take one of your spots at the table.” Donna screeched. “We can’t let her do that.” 
“No way!”
“We’ll crowd the table and push her off if she tries to sit with us and the guys again.” 
“What was James thinking hooking up with her?” 
“They’re probably on their way to getting back together now.” Latisha informed, nonchalantly. “They’ll become official in no time.”
 “No way!” They all screeched, minus Donna. 
Way! Well…not really way.
“But Donna, what about you and James?”
There was no Donna and James, and there never will be.
Wait…. what? 
Why would I say that? 
“She’s ruining my life.” Donna whimpered loudly. 
“Don’t cry!”
“We’ll figure out something.” 
“She won’t get away with it.”
Latisha snorted. “She already has. He’s crazy about her. He was practically eating her face in the hallway just now.”
Donna groaned loudly. “What kind of a friend are you? You’re so insensitive to my feelings!” 
“I’m telling the truth, stop deluding yourself that it’s going to be something more. It’s not. You’ve been trying since summer to hook up with him. He’s not interested in you.” Latisha shrieked.
“Oh really,” Donna screeched. “Like you and Roy hooked up. Oh yeah, didn’t he blow you off for Dana?” 
“They were broken up and we did hook up.” Latisha exclaimed. “I can’t believe you brought that up. You’re so insensitive!” 
The door opened and their heels clacked loudly as they rushed out, taking their little fight with them. 
My phone vibrated, chiming with an incoming text. I checked the screen, expecting to see a text from James with another coded sentence about how things were different now. But it wasn’t from him. It was from… Dean? 

Dean: Having a good day?

Annabelle: Sort of, why?

Dean: Just wondering. So how’s life?

Annabelle: Since yesterday, when I spoke to you last. It’s been tolerable.

Dean: That’s good. I was wondering if you wanted to go for some frozen yogurt after school. Maybe chill a little?

Annabelle: Sorry can’t.

Dean: Why? I’m sorry for the way I acted before. It caught me off guard and I should have just talked with you alone. Can we try again? I promise to be good.

Annabelle: I can’t. I don’t want to mix things up again.

Dean: How is that possible, I just spoke to you yesterday? Don’t tell me you got back together with that asshole?

Annabelle: I’m not back with anyone.

Dean: He’s an asshole Anna. That guy thinks his shit doesn’t stink. What are you thinking!

Annabelle: I’m not lying. Besides, weren’t you just on a date with Raina last night?

Dean: So it’s going to be like that huh?

Annabelle: Dean, I already apologized. But you know its better like this. We go to different schools. Enjoy your life.

Dean: He doesn’t deserve you Anna.

*~*~*

 My best friend, my ride or die, in the entire world had given me the cold shoulder. For the first time in the history of our friendship, it’s never, ever, gone there. 
I thought best friends stuck with each other through anything and everything, no matter what? What the hell was the point of having a best friend, if you couldn’t make a mistake or two or three or even ten with them?
Was I the one wrong here?  
“She went home already.” Someone called out. I glanced up from the floor to an open change room door. Dana and Tina were coming through, eyeing me deathly. 
“But Jenna said she was going to swim practice earlier.” I told them, giving them attitude back. 
Dana’s long wet hair was in a tight bun, but her hairstyle had nothing to do with the angry look on her face. Tina, another loyal to the core member of the swim team also had her hair in a tight wet bun. She stood beside Dana, and both girls had their arms crossed over her chests. Both girls were sporting the Royal Heights High track pants and jacket set. They wore the swim team logo on their clothing with pride, like it stood for more than a high school sports team. 
It was a brotherhood.
And judging…. from my unfortunate scene in the cafeteria today, I wasn’t going to be invited back in. That’s if I was even a part of it to begin with. 
“Yeah, well, she wasn’t feeling good. She left before practice.” Tina informed, shaking her head. “You made her sad Annabelle. How could you do that to your best friend? How could you do that to the team?” 
But I’m not on the team! I wanted to yell, but didn’t. 
“How could you Annabelle?” Dana shook her head, looking at me with disgust. “We’re supposed to stick together.” 
“He forced me to sit with him.” I pleaded, eyeing the both of them. 
Dana snorted, eyeing Tina in disbelief. “That’s bullshit. How can he force you to do anything, we’re at school, there are rules here.”
Excuse me? 
Who was she and why did I have to prove anything to her. 
WE… weren’t best friends. 
“Excuse me? You want to know how, the same way Roy ‘dragged’ you outside yesterday during lunch for that special talk you guys had. And didn’t you guys get back together after it?” I put my hand to my waist and stiffened. It looked like it was going to be two on one… for now. 
Let’s hope no more members of the swim team come out, ready to fight for the ‘honor’ of one of their own again. I know how much they ‘love’ doing that. 
Dana’s jaw dropped. “I’m smart enough to know when to put a stop to a situation that’s making me look like a fool.” 
I snorted. I could totally take the two of them… I hoped. “You weren’t going anywhere, the entire swim team had to talk you out of not going back to Roy all of last night and this morning too.” 
Dana glanced at Tina like she couldn’t believe it. “That’s a lie, it wasn’t like that. I made up my mind as soon as I saw the video. Right Tina?” 
Tina nodded. “That’s totally right. She got over that douche in a snap, Annabelle. So you can stop trying to deflect the subject. You’re the one on trial here.”
“Trial for what? I’m not a part of the swim team. I’m not in the brotherhood.” I told them. 
The door to the change room opened, and out walked Latisha. 
Dana sneered at the sight of her. “Not anymore at least. You can go join Latisha, I mean, shouldn’t traitors stick together?” 
“Let’s go.” Tina smirked, pulling Dana away before I could answer. I eyed the terrible duo as they speed walked down the hallway. 
“You see,” Latisha murmured, right beside me. 
“What are you talking about?” I asked her, a bit bewildered that she was talking to me. The last time I spoke to her was in the eighth grade, back then she had braces, wore huge glasses, had frizzy blonde hair and a face full of acne. Then the summer before the ninth grade she left for the entire break, only to return for the first day of high school as a brand new person. 
A ‘hot’ girl. 
The braces were gone, her hair had some treatment thing in it that she paid a thousand dollars for at a salon, her acne was cleared and she got contacts. 
She was not the same person internally either, her personality changed into more of a ‘hot’ girl persona a la valley girl-esque. 
“I’m talking about their true colors.” Latisha pointed at the back of the duo as they exited the hallway. 
I leaned against a locker and sighed with my eyes closed. “I let them down, I guess.” 
“Let who down?” Latisha exclaimed. “Anna, they’re so closed minded, it’s hilarious.” 
“They think we betrayed them.” I kept my eyes closed. 
I didn’t want to open them. 
This whole day had been a nightmare…
“Hey – hey – look at me.” Latisha nudged my shoulder. “I’m not sorry for doing what I did.” 
My eyes snapped open. “Really?” 
“Dana acts like she’s some kind of queen athlete in this school. God forbid anyone even talk to Roy after she’s broken up with him, for the third time since school started might I add. She keeps breaking up with him for stupid reasons, and everyone’s supposed to wait and see if she’s going to take him back or move on. Last week I made a choice, and whether it was the right choice or the sanest, nothing was going to stop me.” 
“From doing what?” I asked. 
“From going after what my heart wants.” Latisha stated. “I’m crazy about him.”
“What about Dana?” I asked her. 
“All’s fair in love and war.” Latisha stated, smugly. “Roy’s single, I’m single and I’m going to give it everything I have.”  
 “You really like him?” I asked. 
She gave me a look. “Duh.” 
“This is so strange, us talking.” I said.
“Why?” Latisha asked, puzzled.
“Aren’t you close with Donna?” I asked. 
Latisha’s phone beeped, she checked the screen before answering me. “Donna doesn’t own me.” 

CHAPTER 46




Dinner had been the definition of horrible. 
I wished the problems I had at school today were my only ones, but not where my mom was concerned. She had a new agenda that she just couldn’t bring herself to let go of. 
Even brought Dad in to help her cause. 
Apparently now I wasn’t eating enough and I was losing weight too fast. 
Maybe I was, but she should pat herself on the back for that one. 
She did this. 
She created this by being pushy, and by not staying out of my business in the first place. Maybe I would have stayed at a 173lbs…. but that didn’t mean I wouldn’t have been happy. 
“There, happy now?” I said, showing them my empty plate that was just filled with steak and mashed potatoes. “Can I go now?”
Dad pushed his chair out of the way and I moved past him. 
I ran to my room and slammed the door shut. 
I should have taken that steak, the mashed potatoes and the plate and smashed it into the walls. 
They needed to know that they couldn’t control me!
I wasn’t a puppet for them to treat however they saw fit. I was a human being and I wasn’t perfect. Yeah, I had problems, but who didn’t. 
Did I need to sort out my issues, hell yeah I did. But in my own time, and definitely not by them trying to make me because they’re feeling guilty all of a sudden. 
I held a hand to my heart and it was thundering at an unfamiliar pace. It scared me how fast it was beating. I slumped down on to the floor, leaning against my bed, and closing my eyes to steady my heart rate back down. 
Calm down… I needed to calm down. 
They were acting like I had a huge problem, a big problem that they needed to help me fix. I didn’t have a problem. 
I grabbed the chocolate bar from my bag and ate it without another thought. 
I did not have a problem with food. I’d eat if I wanted to, not if somebody was forcing me too. They weren’t allowed to control something like this. What I put in my body was up to me. 
I had that power. 
Damn it….
My stomach ached and I rubbed it, hoping it would help soothe the pain. It’s been awhile since I had that much food inside of me.
And if I was being honest…it freaked me out. Freaked me out to a point where I didn’t know what I’d do next to ease the anxiety that followed.
“It’s going to be okay.” I whispered to myself. 

CHAPTER 47




My phone started ringing 
“What?” I muttered with one eye open, reaching for my phone on my side table. 
It was just past midnight. 
Who the hell was calling me at this time of night?
“Hello?” I answered, warily. 
“Hey,” A familiar voice said on the other end, making my heartbeat race. 
“James?” I whispered, snapping up into a sitting position. “Why are you calling me?” 
“I’m outside your house,” he informed nonchalantly. Out of my bed in a flash, I practically flew to the window, peering through the blinds for his SUV. His car was in front of my neighbor’s house. 
“Why are you outside my house?” I asked him, quietly. 
He exhaled loudly. “Because… I want to talk to you.” 
“You want to talk to me?” I asked, incredulously. “I have nothing to say to you at this time of the night.” 
His breathing turned rough. “You’re going to come out. Either you come out and we talk, or I’m ringing your doorbell. You choose.” 
“Is that a threat?” I hissed, in disbelief. 
“It’s a promise. You get your cute ass out here in the next ten minutes or else I’m coming for you.” 
Dial tone. 
My jaw dropped. 
Did that asshole just hang up on me? 
And did he just call my ass ‘cute’? 
I plopped back onto my bed, and rested my head into my hands. That was the second time this week, a guy, who claimed to be into me, hung up on me. 
And I was sick and tired of it!
I was finishing this tonight! 
I already finished things with Dean, now it was officially James’ turn…. for the millionth time! 
I grabbed my zippered hoodie and put it on over my pajamas, which were shorts and a tank top. I grabbed my phone and keys, placing them in my pocket. 
 Careful not to make any noise, I opened my door to a dark hallway. I quickly used the bathroom, feeling better afterwards, like I had extra energy. 
I creeped silently down the stairs and saw that the basements lights were off. Mom and Dad must have gone to bed. That was good. They weren’t light sleepers, and it took a lot for them to be woken up.
I slowly unlocked the front door, thanking Mom and Dad for canceling our security system. They’d ordered a new system from another company and the installation guy was coming in a few weeks to install it. Apparently it was the newest technology. It was a good thing we didn’t have it now, or else there’s no way I could have snuck out. I tiptoed out, closing the door as quietly as possible. I ran on the tip of my toes across the lawn towards his SUV. 
I stopped in front of the passenger side door and heard the door unlock. I opened it and slid in. “You better make this quick. I already got into a fight with my parents tonight. If they catch me, I’m dead meat.”
“I’ll take us to our spot.” James said. His hair was all messy and he’d worn just black jeans and a grey t-shirt. 
I sighed. “Fine.” 
He drove down four streets to a twenty-four hour fast food restaurant. My stomach grumbled smelling salty greasy fries. It smelled so good. 
“You hungry?” James asked after parking his car. The parking lot was surprisingly full. I guess everyone was hungry for a late night snack tonight. 
“No,” I lied. “Let’s just do this. Why am I here?” 
“I wish the answer was simpler. But it’s complicated.” he said, gazing off at the golden sign. 
“It’s complicated? You’re still using that?” I repeated, incredulously. “And you still think you can love?” 
“You’re all I think about.” James confessed. “I love you like crazy. That’s the honest truth!” 
“Bullshit.” I hissed, scowling at him. “You don’t know anything about love.”
“I do!” he growled. “I repeat, last Thursday was the best day of my life. I won the game, and I got my girl back.”
“Then you got into a fight with your dad and needed to get away. Yes, I’ve heard all this before.” I snipped. “But, what happened on Monday had nothing to do with you fighting with your dad. No matter how many times I tell myself to forget it and forgive you, I just can’t.” 
“She controls a lot of people in this school.” James said, all of sudden.
I jerked my head back in confusion. “Who controls a lot of people at school?”
“Donna.” James answered after a few seconds.
“Donna?” I repeated. 
“It kind of shocked me when I first met everyone. Nobody really said no to her.” James explained. “She started coming on to me last summer, but I’d met you and blew her off.” 
“Okay.” I said slowly.
James exhaled. “She wouldn’t take no for an answer and the guys on the team kept jeering me on to do something about her, or else I’d look like a pussy. They didn’t get why I was saying ‘no’ to her.” 
I cringed. “Okay,” 
“I’m no pussy. I just like what I like and she wasn’t it. But everyone was always concerned about her feelings. I didn’t know what to do.” James explained. “Last weekend when you called, I wanted to answer, but she kept staring at me. So I sent your call to voice mail.” 
“Why didn’t you text me earlier?” I asked.
“She never left my side. You saw the video. She wouldn’t leave me alone.” James said. 
“Why are so scared of making her mad? Is being popular that important to you?” I asked. 
“It has nothing to do with being popular, baby.” James said. “It’s so much more than that.” 
“Then what is it?” I asked, still not hearing what I needed to get past this. “I need more answers. It wasn’t just last weekend James, it’s been like this our entire relationship.” 
“It’s complicated,” he muttered, closing his eyes. 
“It’s complicated?” I repeated. “You keep saying that.”
Silence. 
His eyes melted into mine. 
“I’m stupid.” James murmured, his voice humming with sweetness. “And I’m crazy. My brain shut off and I did things normal people wouldn’t have.”
“Like yesterday during English, with your little performance.” I reminded. I still couldn’t believe he did that in English. 
“I was pissed off. Finding you dressed to kill, flirting with that jerk off, asking you what class you had next as if he were going to wait outside and walk you to your next one. I should have punched his face.” James growled before giving me a pained look. His voice turned tortured. “Baby, you looked so good yesterday. I was walking around with a hard on all day.” 
Okay, now there’s really something wrong with me, because for some reason, that last sentence came across as heartwarming. 
“Come on, stop playing.” I tried to play it off. 
“I’m not kidding. You. Affect. Me.” James assured, leaning over and pulling my hand over, placing it on his mouth and kissing it. 
“I affect you?” I whispered, feeling a million different emotions, one of which was pleasure from the brush of his warm kiss. 
“What do I have to do?” James murmured, staring deep into my eyes, leaning the side of his face into my palm. The light stubble that trailed his jawline tickled my palm and it was like a trigger, ending whatever that was holding me back. 
I loved my baby’s soft caresses and denying myself… of him suddenly becomes unbearable. 
“You can start by holding me.” I whispered, getting up. He wrapped both of his arms around my waist and pulled me into his lap. Touching front to front, I straddled him with my face nestled in the side of his neck. 
“You know, you’re my everything.” James whispered into my neck, squeezing his arms around me. 
“I hope so.” I chuckled lightly against the warmth of his skin. “Because, you… you dumb idiot…you’re my everything too.”
This was all so messed up. The time for over analyzing everything wrong about ‘this’ situation was over…well for now at least. Being back on the same cloud as James again was…. crazy.
But, that’s because…. I was crazy…. about him and…. I loved him. 
I did. 
And didn’t love make people do crazy things? Like forgive. 

*~*~*

“There’s more to this story isn’t there?” I asked, staring into his eyes, lying down together on the back seat with my head resting on the inside of his arm.
“Monday was the worst day of my life, baby.” James murmured, caressing my shoulder. “There’s a lot more to the story, but I don’t want to stress you about it. It’s over now.” 
“Okay.” I said, tucking my body closer against his, feeling an instant sizzle stir inside of me. It’s been awhile….
 He grabbed my right hand and placed it over his beating heart. “My heart pounds like crazy whenever I’m with you or near you, and when I hear your voice.”
“Me too.” I whispered.
“You see this, Fireball?” He eyed my hand against his chest. “That belongs to you.” 
I exhaled. “I hope so. But you know… it’s going to be awhile before I can move past everything.” 
He leaned his forehead against mine, whispering. “I was such an idiot last Tuesday, in the cafeteria.” 
I didn’t say anything because it was true. 
He caressed my jawline. “My dad treats my stepmom like shit. I swore to myself that I’d never treat my own girl like that, ever. The fact that some of that shit happened this week, and knowing I was basically a clone of him, kills me. I don’t want to be that guy with my girl. You’re my everything.” 
“How about I slap you the next time you step out of line?” I suggested, smiling. 
“Please do it, a nice hard one, right across my cheek.” James chuckled, pulling me into his chest again. My stomach growled and I hid my face in his neck in embarrassment. 
“I’m sorry.” I cringed as he lightly chuckled. 
“Are you hungry, be honest.” James asked.
“I guess I am, which is surprising considering I ate a lot during dinner tonight. Or rather was forced to eat a lot during dinner.” I explained, exhaling. “Dinner was horrible by the way.”
“You want to talk about it?” James asked.
“Not right now. I think one asshole parent as a topic of discussion is enough for tonight.” I sighed. “How about you, are you hungry too?”
“Yeah… but not for fries.” He stared deep into my eyes and whispered. “Can I kiss you?” 
“You already did.” I gave him a timid smile. “My palm, remember.”
He smiled and shook his head. “No, I mean a real kiss, baby.” 
“Let me think about it for a second.” I pretended to ponder as his face went pained. I smirked at his tortured expression. “I’m kidding.” 
“For real?” he asked, hesitant. 
I nodded, and he leaned in that fraction of inch, brushing his lips against mine. It was soft at first, but I didn’t know if it was just me, but soft wasn’t going to cut it. I grabbed the back of his neck, pulling him in, restricting any space between us as he practically pinned me down with his body. 
It’s been awhile…. but he belonged here… with me… like this. 

*~*~*

“Are you sure?” James panted against my lips, his hands resting against the zipper of my hoodie. I’d kept it up and it stayed like that, even when he’d asked to pull it down a moment ago. It’s not that I wanted to take things slow, I just didn’t want to do that in the parking lot of a fast food restaurant. 
It was hilarious. 
“I don’t want to have sex with you in a parking lot, James.” I smirked, pulling away from his warmth, which made him pout. 
“But I missed you.” He pouted, giving me his best puppy dog face. “It’s been one week. One week where I couldn’t kiss you and touch you like before.”
“Then don’t take it for granted again and you won’t have to go through that again. Okay?” I told him, sitting up. James followed and sat right next to me, pulling my body close to his. 
“Okay.” he promised, kissing me once on the cheek. “I love your cheek, it’s soft and cold. It feels good against my lips.” 
I smiled a fool’s smile.
“Your cheeks are only for me to kiss.” He eyed me sternly, yet playfully. 
“Same rules apply to you too, buddy.” I told him sternly, yet playfully. 
James smiled. “Nothing would make me happier.” 
“Good, it’s settled.” I smiled and checked the time on his dashboard. It was just past 1am. 
“I should take you home.” James said, sadly.
“I think that would be for the best. Let’s not get into any more trouble.” I chuckled, resting my head against his shoulder. 
“Before we head off though, we’ve got another little problem we need to address first.” James alerted, sounding serious all of a sudden.
“What is it?” I asked, leaning away from his shoulder and eyeing him confusedly.
A sneaky smile broke out on his face. “What am I going to do about this?” He eyed the bulge in his pants. 
My jaw dropped and I hit his shoulder playfully. “James, that’s disgusting!” 
He pulled me in, hugging me. “No it’s not. This is because of you.” he told me sweetly, a breath away from my lips. 
I exhaled. “Really?” 
“Really.” he replied and then kissed me. After a few seconds, he pulled back. “I love you.” 
I exhaled softly. “I love you, too.” 

CHAPTER 48


Friday October 19th 2012

 “Annabelle?”
Great…. not even an eyelid open and Mom was already hot on my case the next morning. I glanced at my alarm clock and groaned on the down low. 
It was 6:30am. 
There was a knock on my door again. “Annabelle?”
I took a deep breath and prepared. “Yeah?” 
“Can I come in?” she asked from the hallway. “I want to talk to you.”
I grimaced. “You can come in.” 
The door opened slowly and Mom slid in, closing the door quietly behind her. She shuffled in her blue plaid pajama shorts and grey shirt over to my bed. I sat up, leaning against the headboard. 
She sat down on my bed and exhaled. “I know it’s early, but I woke up early and last night’s been on my mind.” 
“It’s been on my mind too.” I murmured. 
She just sat there and stared at me. 
“Well?” I asked, wanting to get this over with.
“I’m sorry.” Mom whispered, sounding remorseful. “I’m sorry, Anna. 
I exhaled and pulled the blanket off of me. “I don’t need you and Dad jumping down my throat for not doing what you want me to do. I’m not a baby. I know how to serve my own portions.”
“I know. I’m sorry. We all just got carried away, and I know it’s my fault for hammering it at you over and over again. I just don’t want you…. you know, going too overboard with the whole diet thing.” Mom confessed, sounding a tad shameful. 
I wondered how she would act if her Mother treated her like this? Would she have reacted like me or would she have taken it like a good little daughter would have, not daring to talk back, obliging out of respect? 
“Everything’s fine. I’m not going to go overboard.” I assured her. “Just stop stressing me out. I have to be the one who controls this, not you.”
“Okay, fine.” Mom sighed, sounding frustrated. “I’ll take a step back.”
I sighed in relief. “Good.” 
Mom got off my bed. “Anyways, I’m glad we had this talk. Everything will be better again, promise. You’ve got some time before you have to go to school, do you want to go back to sleep?”
I nodded, even though I wasn’t tired anymore, but just to get her out of my room. She left without another word, closing the door behind her. I sighed in relief, feeling like a weight had been lifted off of me. 
Last night, dinner was total drama. I was a crybaby, Mom and Dad were losing it over what I ate and didn’t. The mission from now on was to avoid situations like that… for the rest of my life. I had too many things to worry about already, and my parents breathing down my neck again was the last thing I needed. 
I needed to control this, before it was too late. Lucky for me, I was good at bouncing back in times of trouble. I smiled, reaching for my phone, pulling it from the charger. 

Annabelle: You awake, Tiger?

Tiger: Good morning, Fireball.

*~*~*

James was coming to pick me up. 
My smile this morning was genuine. 
The sappy, potentially soul-destroying God of Love had casted her rainbow shine over me. I wanted to jump high in the air, scream at the top of my lungs, twirl with the ferocity of a tornado to create a comparable electricity that I could pass on to everyone so they could all feel...what I felt. 
I changed into my purple tank top and blue skinny jeans. In the kitchen, I forgo my healthy cereal in favor of a healthy calorie crazed nutrition bar as I was in a hurry. I grabbed two nutrition bars and showed them to Mom just as I was leaving from the bottom of the stairway. 
“Why are you leaving so early?” Mom asked, still in her pajamas from the top of the stairs, her long hair in a tight bun. 
“I’m meeting up with Jenna to go over some notes for History. We’ve got a quiz coming up soon.” I explained. I was totally lying to her. She didn’t need to know about James. We settled on some issues this morning, but that didn’t mean I trusted her with information of this nature.
Too sensitive. 
Imagine if she brought it up the next time we fought?
I could picture it, and it wasn’t pretty. 
So James would be a part of my private life.
Indefinitely…. or at least till Prom.  
“You don’t have to eat two to make a point.” Mom sighed, sounding distressed.
I shook my head. “I’m not, this extra one is for later, in case I get hungry. Anyways I gotta go, bye.” 
Without waiting for her to respond, I grabbed my bag and exited the house. James’ SUV was running idly a few houses down. I ran to his car before Mom could peek through the window. I opened the unlocked door and slid inside, a blast of air conditioning colliding onto me. 
On to things warmer to the heart though, before I could even say hello or wow its cold in here, I was pulled into a tight hug as soon as I shut my door. 
My baby missed me?
“I just want to hold you.” James murmured into my neck. “This is my spot right here.”
“Oh yeah.” I chuckled, rubbing my cheek against his searing hot skin. “Your air conditionings on full blast, but your skin temperature is crazy hot. Why are you so heated?”
“I’m a little on edge.” James sighed, letting out a deep breath. “But it’s all good. I’ve got you, here, with me. I just have to hold you and all the shit from home goes away in an instant.” 
I squeezed his shoulder. “You got into it with your dad again?” 
“That asshole had the nerve to stop me as I was leaving to lecture me on the proper way of giving respect and that my brain was small.” James explained, incredulous. “He got in my face after.”
“Why?” I asked, rubbing the back of his neck, trying to sooth the stress out of him.
He hummed into my skin, his arms growing tighter around me. “Because, I wouldn’t give him anything to use against me. My face was neutral. That asshole was so mad by the time I left. It was priceless.” 
I chuckled at his description. “So I take it you didn’t have breakfast this morning?” 
“No, I walked out before he could piss me off some more.” James grunted, sitting back into his seat. 
I took the extra nutrition bar from my bag and handed it to him. “Here.” 
He took the nutrition bar from me slowly and stared at it. After a few seconds, still staring at the bar, he murmured. “I love you.”
“I love you, too.” I exhaled softly, leaning my head against my seat. 
James began unwrapping the bar. Halfway through releasing the bar completely from the wrapper, he eyed me amusedly. “So Fireball, are you going to fix my wounds?” 

*~*~*

 “You ready, Fireball?” James placed both his hands gently on each side of my face. 
I took a deep breath. “Yeah, I think so.” 
“Just so you know, we are officially about burst Donna’s bubble.” James mentioned, widening his eyes like it was ‘big’ what we were about to do. 
It probably was. Donna wasn’t known for not getting what she wanted. 
I smiled at the news nevertheless. “So today just became the absolute best day of our lives?”
 “You’re damn right it is.” James grinned, giving me a quick kiss. 
“Let’s do this,” he whispered and I nodded timidly.  
We entered the school’s crowded hallway. James held my hand tightly and led us towards the rest of the Kings. Peter, Tom and Roy, plus a few other players from the baseball team were hanging out a row of lockers away from English. 
Peter was the first to spot us. He began clapping and the rest of the boys followed after eyeing us. 
“Well, well, well, look who finally got back together.” He grinned as we halted in front of the entire group. 
Tom stepped forward, high fiving James. “Congrats bro, glad things worked out for you.” 
James gave him a smug smile and pumped out his chest. “Don’t ever doubt the master in anything.”
“Yeah boy!” Tom hollered. 
My eyes rolled…. who was a master? 
Of what? 
I chuckled and decided to intervene. 
“The only thing he’s a master of is being honest, sweet and heartfelt. Listen up guys, learn from James, he bared his soul to me last night, he cried a little too. My heart broke into a million pieces. It was so beautiful, my little fluffy bunny boy.” I cooed a smirk-less, shell-shocked James. 
James coughed, eyeing his boys and shaking his head. “Yeah, my girl likes to joke…just so you guys should know.” 
I burst out laughing as each guy broke through the shock haze of my little speech. Soon they were each sporting huge grins, joining me in laughing at a flabbergasted, yet very amused James. He was the man to them, but he was Tiger to me. 
“Hey boys, looking good this morning.” Donna exclaimed, stepping in front of me with Stacey, a blonde haired ‘model’ wannabe right beside her, completely ignoring my presence. “What are you guys up to this morning? Class doesn’t start for like fifteen minutes, let’s go chill outside. James, you have to help me with English, I’m so going to fail if you don’t.” 
What the hell did she think she was doing? And why was she asking James to help her with English? He was doing okay, but not enough to give advice on how to do better, and even if he did…. that wasn’t going to happen.
“Um excuse me?” I said to her back, crossing my arms over my chest. 
Donna turned around, pumping her own chest out in the low cut, tight, blue sundress she wore to school today. She raised an eyebrow and pursed her lips in disgust at the sight of me. “I’m sorry, I didn’t see you there. What do you want, Annabelle?” 
I smiled. “I wasn’t talking to you.” 
She raised her eyebrow again and gave me a patronizing glare. “Then who were you speaking to, sweetie? One of your imaginary friends?” 
James stepped around Stacey and Donna and stopped next to me. “No, she was talking to me.”

*~*~*

The bell signaling lunch rang. I left class and headed to my locker. James texted me earlier about an emergency meeting the baseball team was having during the beginning of lunch, Coach’s orders. So he’d be twenty minutes late for lunch. 
I needed to find Jenna and have a face-to-face talk. I left my school bag in my locker, leaving my phone inside with it. I wanted no distractions. I needed uninterrupted time with Jenna so we could hash things out and get back to being best friends. 
I turned the corner to the North West hallway where Jenna’s locker was. I quickly spotted her dumping her bag inside her locker. Four girls huddled around her all of a sudden, two of which were Dana and Tina. 
My heart plummeted into my stomach. How was I going to talk to her now? Tina put her arm around Jenna and the entire group headed down the hall. 
At this moment, I saw no way of talking to her in private. If I went up to her in the cafeteria, Dana and Tina might intervene. 
Like, how dare I? 
I scowled at the back of them. 
Feeling a wet sting in my eyes, I made my way to the washroom back in my hallway. I entered and it was empty. About to enter my stall, the entrance door popped open. 
“Wait, right there!” 
I knew that voice. 
I turned towards the entrance and came face to face with Royal Heights High’s Queen ‘B’.
“What do you want Donna?” I scowled at her. 
“What I want?” she shrieked, eyeing her partner in crime who came to a stop right beside her, folding her arms over her chest. “Everything good?” Donna asked Stacey, who was blocking the exit. 
Stacey nodded. “Totally.” 
“What’s good?” I cringed, eyeing over their shoulders. 
Donna took three long steps, coming to a stop right in front of me. “You and I, we’re about to have a talk.”
I raised an eyebrow. “We are?” 
“Yeah,” Donna growled. “You need to know your place and I’m here to show you where it is!” 

CHAPTER 49




The dual that’s been lurking, hiding patiently behind jealous glares and thoughts of revenge…. was finally about to happen. 
In my mind, classical, dramatic music played as I stared at Donna, dumbfounded. Her mouth moved, but I heard nothing. Instead I noticed a slight twitch in her eyebrows and lips. 
My actions drove her to this anger. 
Borderline insanity.
“You’re a loser.” Donna screeched, her face turning a deep shade of ruby red. 
I shrugged. 
“You think you’re so smart.” Donna sneered, looking as evil as a cartoon villain. 
My jaw clenched. I was so over this girl. “Are you done?” 
“Let me give you some advice, don’t mess with me. It’s not smart.” Donna stated, pointing at me like I was her cracked smartphone screen. 
I shrugged again. “Are you done?” 
Donna took a step closer to my face, practically hissing like a snake. “I run this school. You’ll understand soon enough. It’ll be my life’s mission to make you suffer.”
“Okay, I’ve had enough of your garbage, I’m leaving.” I headed towards the exit.
Donna shook her head, side stepping to block me. “You’re not leaving here until you and I have an understanding.” 
“Get out of my way.” I demanded. 
“You think because you lost a hundred pounds or something that you’re something special? I’m here to tell you that you aren’t. You aren’t me, bitch.” Donna hissed through her teeth. 
“Whatever.” I shrugged.
“You’re a nobody.” Donna whispered, shaking her head, giving me a look like she was trying to do some sort of voodoo. 
“Get out of my way.” I demanded again, trying to move by her, but she blocked me again. 
“Not until you get it.” Donna snapped, this time pointing her claw into my chest. 
She had massive jewel encrusted acrylics on.  
I slapped her hand away. “Get what? That you’re psycho? Well you win there, that’s exactly what I think you are. And you’re delusional.” 
Donna’s eyes flared, grabbing my arm. “What did you call me, loser? Say it one more time, I dare you!”
The washroom door slammed open. 
“Get your nasty ass hands off my best friend, now!” Jenna yelled, with Latisha right behind her. 
“You freaking traitor!” Donna shrieked. “You were supposed to stand guard, not bring her back-up!” 
I yanked my arm out of her grasp. Jenna stormed past Stacey, and Latisha quickly stepped back into the hallway.
“Get back in here, you traitor. Just you wait Latisha, you’re going to get yours!” Donna yelled.
“You okay?” Jenna panted, eyeing me worriedly. 
Her face was flushed. 
I nodded and she faced Donna and Stacey, snarling at them like a real lion would have. “You’ve got ten seconds to explain yourselves before I make your lives a living hell for the rest of the year.” 
Donna snorted. “That’s a lot of talk for someone who’s got no power in this school. I’m not pathetic like Latisha, Jenna. You can’t talk down to me and use your loser friends from the swim team to take me down. I. Run. This. School!” 
Jenna sneered, a bitter laugh heckling out. “I’m going to ask you again, Psycho, what are you and your brainless minion doing in the washroom with my best friend, alone?” 
Donna jerked her chin up dismissively at Jenna, snarling. “She stepped out of the line and she needed a reminder where her ‘right’ place was. She’s taking something that’s not hers to take.” 
Jenna cringed, moaning loudly in disgust. “You mean James? Give it a rest, Donna. He’s just not into used cars, so move on!” 
Donna’s eyes bulged. “What did you just call me?” 
“Every horrible name in the entire world. I’m this close to…. UGH!” Jenna growled. “My best friend? You think you can attack my best friend, tag team her and get away with it?”
Donna’s teeth made their debut from under her rippling mouth. “It’s a done deal. Who’s going to believe you? I’ve got the entire baseball team wrapped around my finger. Wherever the ‘hot’ girls go, they go, and since I’m their Queen… well you get it, don’t you.” 
Jenna shook her head. “Not for long, your reign at this school is about to come to an end.” 
Donna smirked, eyeing Stacey. “Stop deluding yourself, you’ll only be disappointed. The reality of the situation is, I’ll always win. So why don’t you be a good best friend to your loser friend and keep her in line before I have to again. I don’t play fair.” 
With that, Donna tried to push her way to me, but Jenna pushed her back. Stacey stepped to the side of their tussle and came for me, grabbing my arm in what seemed like lightning speed. “Donna, I’ve got her!” 
“Let go of me!” I yelled, stopping her hands from clawing my shoulders. I squeezed her wrists and kicked her calf. Her hands instantly dropped, grabbing hold of her calf instead, moaning in pain, mascara ridden tears quickly streaming down her face. 
“These arms won me the four hundred freestyle and the one hundred fly during the junior championships last year.” Jenna slapped Donna’s shoulder, the force of it hurling her into the edge of the sink. Jenna raised her palm and slammed it hard into Donna’s already reddening cheek. It sent her flying into the wall. 
“Screw you and your arms.” Donna moaned, falling to the floor. 
I pulled at Jenna’s arm. “Let’s go.” We bypassed the moaning duo, exiting the washroom and speed walking towards the cafeteria in silence. Her hand squeezed mine and right before we burst through the cafeteria doors, Jenna stopped, pulling me to a halt with her. 
“Anna,” Her voice hoarse, was quivering with angry nerves from the fight. She started crying down her reddened, unbruised face. “I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, this was my fault.” I panted, quietly. 
“It’s not. You didn’t do anything wrong.” Jenna gulped, worry laced in her voice. “This is all me. I’m the one who lost it yesterday. If I just calmed down, you wouldn’t have felt like you couldn’t talk to me. You were alone right now because I didn’t want to be around you. And that psycho almost had you.”
“I could have taken Donna.” I assured her.
“And Stacey?” Jenna reminded, disbelief evident in her voice. “It was two on one.”
“Stacey doesn’t count, one kick to the calf and she was out.” I laughed, and then winced feeling the sting in my shoulders. I eyed each side and there were red scratches on both. 
“Look at what that idiot did to your shoulders? I’m going back and giving her a taste of her own medicine!” Jenna turned the corner, away from my eyesight. I ran after her. 
“Hey Boy Wonder.” Jenna’s voice echoed from the hallway I was about to turn into. 
Boy Wonder?
My eyes widened. James!
 I jogged around the corner, instantly finding Jenna half way down the hallway marching towards a group of guys I could distinguish even from this distance. Tom, Roy, Peter and James were walking towards Jenna. 
“Look what your psycho friend did to my best friend.” Jenna hissed, careful not to disrupt the ongoing classes. She pointed at me, not stopping. 
“What are you talking about?” James murmured, scowling at her for a second before looking at me with worry. “What is she talking about?”
I ran the rest of the way. “Donna cornered me in the washroom.” 
Tom moved beside me, eyeing my shoulders. “Damn, they scratched your shoulders too.” 
James jaw clenched, fury masking every pore in his body. “Why didn’t you call me?”
Jenna snorted. “Call you, she didn’t even call me. And yeah, Anna, why didn’t you call one of us to come and help you?”
“My phone’s in my locker.” I explained, rubbing my shoulders while at the same time trying to hide the scratches. 
“Where is she?” Roy asked, eyeing the hallway. 
Jenna pointed to the washroom in the middle of the hallway. “Last time we saw them, they were crying in pain in there.” 
James marched to the washroom, but came to a halt right outside the door. He looked at Jenna. “Get them to come outside.” 
Jenna went inside, I tried to follow but James’ arm quickly wrapped around my waist, stopping me. “Stay with me.” 
The door popped open a few seconds later. “They’re not in there. They’ve escaped.” Jenna exclaimed, disgust in her voice. 
“They’re probably outside, by one of their cars.” Peter added, backing away toward the exit. Roy and Tom quickly joined him. 
James released my waist and kissed my cheek. “I’ll fix this. Go to the cafeteria with Jenna, I’ll be there soon.”
“Are you sure?” I grabbed his hand, squeezing it. I could feel Jenna’s eyes roll in disgust. This was the first time I’d done something like this with James in front of her. 
Expressing heartfelt emotion. 
“I’ll be back soon.” James promised and then ran to join the three others who were half way out the exit. 
Once they were all outside, Jenna faced me. “Hopefully they’ll check their ‘girl’ into a psyche ward. I’d hate to have to touch her again just to teach her a lesson again. God knows what kind of lotion it’s going to take to get her DNA off of me?” She grabbed my arm and we headed towards the cafeteria. “Sit with me and the team today. I’ll feel better if you’re close by, that way I can be your security.” 
I sighed. “I don’t know if Dana and Tina would approve of me sitting with you guys.” 
Jenna halted, pulling me to a stop. “Why? They’re cool with you. Yeah there was that little issue yesterday, but they’re so over it.” 
I raised an eyebrow. “But you left swim practice early yesterday.” 
“Yeah, but that’s only because I felt like crap after our fight and was in no mood to train.” Jenna explained, with a crease on her forehead. 
“I came to talk to you after practice was over, but I ran into Tina and Dana instead. They got angry with me. Gave me crap for betraying you and the ‘team’.” I told her, cringing at the memory. 
Jenna’s jaw clenched. “What!”

CHAPTER 50




I sighed. “What about swim team members for life?”
Jenna snorted. “Best friends for life will always trump that, I should have figured that out sooner.” 
“You guys,” Jenna pulled me to her table. Dana and Tina stopped talking and looked at us with open jaws. “Tina and Dana, you guys need to know a few things about my best friend here. Nobody’s allowed to give her crap about the dumbass mistakes she makes except for me. Got it, good, great, wonderful, don’t let it happen again or it’ll be my turn to give crap and we all know how good I am… at giving crap.” 
Their jaws dropped, looking at Jenna like she’d lost it. But before they could agree or disagree, Jenna quickly pulled me away from the swim team’s table, far enough that we were out of earshot. “I was so angry at you for going back to him yesterday.” Jenna murmured. 
“But Jenna_” I began but she held up her hand, motioning for me to stop. 
“Just let me say what I need to.” Jenna shook her head rapidly. “I should have just accepted that James would be in your life again and moved on. I mean it’s your business. You should be able to date whoever you want. It has nothing to do with me.” 
“You’re my best friend, it kind of is your business.” I sighed. 
“Some best friend I am. I had no idea you were being tag teamed. If it wasn’t for Latisha texting me, and I almost didn’t read her text too…. things could have turned worse, like in a wow, what just happened, urban legend fifty years later, the North East hallway washroom, called an ambulance afterwards, one of them died or went to a psyche ward kind of way.” Jenna shivered from the thought, as did I.
Thinking about it again, I wasn’t sure if I could have taken on Donna and Stacey alone. They had those massive acrylics on, and there would have been twenty clawing my way if it wasn’t for Jenna coming to my rescue, showing them plastic could never reign supreme, not when it came to brute strength and an arm too quick for their lazy eyes.
The cafeteria doors popped open, bringing in a collection of animal noises. Following the over indulgent noises, James rolled in with the rest of the baseball team, heading for their table. He seemed calm, causally walking with Peter at his side. They were in the midst of discussing something, so our eyes didn’t meet. 
Donna rolled in afterwards, looking upset. She headed with Stacey hot on her tail, limping towards the rest of the ‘hot’ girls who were seated together with Latisha. Donna’s eyes found mine and I was greeted with a nasty snarl. The way her lips curled reminded me of an agitated panther on one of those wildlife TV shows. 
Oblivious to Donna marching towards them, Latisha and the ‘hot’ girls laughed loudly. Right as Donna arrived at the head of their table, Latisha rose from her seat and pointed to an empty table across the cafeteria. Despite not hearing their conversation, it still didn’t look pretty. Donna scowled at Latisha, saying something to her beneath the shield of clenched teeth. It was a growl, obviously. Latisha, all of a sudden pointed to me and then made a crazy sign with her hand, directing it towards Donna. Latisha pointed to every girl at the table and they all nodded. 
It kind of reminded me of an election. 
It ended with Latisha victorious, as every seated ‘hot’ girl waved Donna and Stacey away.
“No crazies allowed there, huh? Looks like someone was just kicked out of the group she created. Latisha actually overthrew Donna, I can’t believe it.” Jenna exclaimed, watching the scene with me. 
“Latisha made her move.” I murmured, incredulous. “She didn’t just text you out of the goodness of her heart.” 
“I should have known she had an ulterior motive. She wants the title of Queen ‘B’, well it’s hers now, or it will be inevitably.” Jenna smirked. She turned, and I followed facing James, who was seated with the rest of the baseball team. His back was to the tabletop and he was staring at us. “You’ve got my blessing, Anna. Go be with your man. Give him a huge hug or whatever it is you guys do to express ‘lovey dovey’ stuff to one another.” 
I chuckled. “You sure, you’re not going to change your mind later and declare that he’s still an asshole for acting like a dick earlier in the week?”
“Oh, he’s still an asshole who acted like a dick earlier this week. But don’t worry, you tell Boy Wonder that your BFF is going to be hard at work coming up with a suitable punishment for his unharmonious actions.” Jenna smirked.  
“Really?” I grinned. “Damn, he’s going to be nervous with anticipation, especially after I explain how bad your punishments can be.”
Jenna grinned. “Then I better get started. The sooner I declare a punishment the sooner I can sit back and laugh at him squirm.” 
I laughed at her dramatic delivery. “So it’s really all good?”
“Yeah, it is. Well until somebody pisses ‘The Warrior, the Speedy Queen, faster than a sea of dolphins combined, the rock star, Jenna ‘The Wave Crasher’ Sabini, super star swimmer’ off again, then it’s game over.” Jenna smirked, walking backwards.
“Oh my God, Anna!” Becky all of a sudden at my side, exclaimed. She eyed my shoulders. “Is the rumor true? Did Donna and Stacey really attack you in the washroom?” 
“Unfortunately, but it’s okay.” I stopped, and stared at Jenna taking a seat next to a sullen Tina. “My best friend was there for me.” 
“Dude, next time something like that happens, call me, text me. I’m there, a hundred percent.” Becky stated. “I’m kind of sad I missed out, I wished you’d called me too. What I wouldn’t give to have an opportunity to take a swing at that narcissistic psycho.” 
I laughed. “Alright, the next time I get into a fight with Donna, I’ll call you for backup.” 
“Good.” She nodded, grabbing my hand and squeezing it. “What are new friends for, right?” 
I smiled at her, the term ‘new friends’ making my insides feel all warm and fuzzy. “How are things with Johnny?” 
She let out an exasperated moan and shook her head. “That guy is a walking box of confusion. Check this out, he texted me like crazy all last night, begging for me to hear him explain ‘what really happened’. Then I get to school this morning and he’s flirting with Carla, right beside my locker!” 
My jaw dropped. “Carla, as in your closest friend?” 
“Ex closest friend as of a couple of hours ago. I don’t have time for disloyal friends like that, especially when I’m spoiled with choice right in front of me.” Becky eyed me, grinning. 
I laughed for a few seconds before feeling an arm pull me into a hard embrace. “Excuse me, ladies.” James murmured, curling me into his body. “But I just can’t wait any longer for my baby to come to me.” 
Becky laughed and began to walk away. “I totally get it, quality time. Anna, I’ll talk to you later.”
Peter walked up to her. “You don’t have to go. Join us?” He motioned with his chin at their table. 
“Really?” Becky murmured, eyeing me in confusion. “But, I’ve been sitting on the soccer team’s side since school started. Aren’t I like the enemy?” 
Peter wrapped his arm around her shoulder. “We ‘baseball’ players don’t discriminate, especially when it comes to cuties like you. We won’t hold it against you that you’ve been sitting on the wrong side. We’re all allowed one or two mistakes in life. Come on, cutie, you can sit beside me.” 
“Okay,” Becky murmured, dazed. Peter guided her to the baseball team’s table, pulling her down next to him.
I took a seat next to James, holding his hand tightly in my lap. “Well, it’s been an interesting lunch, hasn’t it?” 

CHAPTER 51




The boys had a talk with Donna and Stacey outside. Apparently after Jenna and I left the washroom, those two high tailed it to Stacey’s car to hide out till lunch was over. What they didn’t count on was James, Tom, Roy and Peter to come running up to them, demanding answers as to why ‘Donna’ attacked James’ girlfriend, especially when they were all supposed to be ‘friends’ and that she was a bitch for doing it. 
That’s what they said happened, but who knew….
The topic quickly changed to the bogus meeting they were all forced to go to. It had eaten up half of the lunch period and the only reason they weren’t as angry was because it was Friday. If the meeting had happened earlier in the week, there would have been some grouchy baseball players. 
“Baby, I don’t want you to go.” James murmured into my lips, lifting me up by my hips. 
My eyes widened, nervous. We were in the hallway, right outside of my History classroom. “James, put me down. People are staring.” 
“So what. Let them watch. Nothing’s going to stop me kissing my girl. I won’t see you till tonight.” James pouted, kissing me again and not letting me respond. I guess he did, kind of, make sense. We weren’t going to be seeing each other till tonight. He had practice this afternoon and I was planning on heading home right after school. We planned a chill night…relaxing with one another, carefree…eating frozen yogurt.
Yay (for real!). 
“See you later, Fireball.” James smirked an inch away from my lips, placing me back down and heading to his shop class with Peter and Roy. 
“Well that was….” Jenna started to say.
“Amazing… exhilarating…. heart melting?” I offered, laughing as I watched the contours of my man’s back as he rounded the hallway. 
Jenna snorted, pushing me into class. “Actually I was going to say, stomach quivering…. bile rising…. nastiness. You were close though.” 
My heart warmed as I laughed at her delivery. What a great way to end the school day, even though most of lunch was crazy. 
That was the optimist in me….
I sat in between Tom and Jenna. All through class I had the biggest grin on my face. My best friend was talking to me again. 
“Date night tonight?” Jenna rolled her eyes at the end of class. 
I nodded, beaming. “Yep, we’re going for frozen yogurt.”
“Sweet!” Tom exclaimed. “I can’t wait. Big Tom here loves his frozen yogurt.” 
“It’s a date, Big Tom!” Jenna screeched at him. “Only two people allowed.”  
“What? No fair!” Tom pouted to me. “Well, I don’t care. Big Tom wants his frozen yogurt and if you guys happened to be sitting in a booth at the frozen yogurt store, all sweet and cuddled up, not to worry, I’ll keep you company and I’ll help you finish any last bits of frozen yogurt you can’t finish.” 
Jenna rolled her eyes and started to slowly walk backwards. “Anna, call me later.” She shook her head at Tom and turned the corner. 
“Your friend is a firecracker!” Tom smirked. “Me, like, a, lot.”
“Later, Tom.” I laughed, heading towards my locker. 
After emptying and reloading my bag, I needed to actually use the washroom. Right as I was about to head into my washroom, I stopped just outside the entrance. I felt funny going in there, especially after what happened at lunch. 
I headed to the washroom Becky used often. Donna didn’t have any classes around there, so I wouldn’t have to worry about her hanging about, following me inside for another round. 
I entered unfamiliar territory and entered the last stall. 
The entrance popped open. “Answer your phone!” 
Donna! 
Oh no not again! 
“Where are you?” Donna whimpered, dramatically. “I’ve been calling you all day. You only picked up once this morning. You don’t care about me, is that what this is?”
She’s on the phone. 
“You said you would always be there for me, Dougie.” Donna cried. “So how come you’re just calling me now?” 
Who?
“But you said you were going to talk to him.” Donna whimpered. “I thought you understood how I wanted my senior year. You promised me.” 
Dougie?
“I know you let us use your cabin, but he kept pulling away from me, and there’s that stupid video Latisha put on her profile showing him blowing me off. Everyone’s already watched it and Latisha wouldn’t take it off until I made her at lunch yesterday.” 
So that’s why they were late for lunch yesterday. 
“You said you would always love me and take care of me. Why are you breaking your promise? Didn’t I back out when you got married, I didn’t give you any trouble. I gave you most of my high school life and this is how you’re going to repay me, by turning your back when I need you the most, so you can live your happy life with that ugly, disgusting wife!”
My eyes widened. OH MY GOD! 
“I bet she’d like to know what you were up to while you guys were dating. Maybe I’ll give her a call tonight.” Donna threatened. 
Woah! Woah! Woah! 
Donna was having an affair with a married man or an almost married man? 
“I want him Dougie, I want him to be mine. Don’t you think I deserve James?” Donna cried. “Fine, I’ll talk to you later.” 
She walked out of the washroom, and I let out the huge gasp that’s been itching to spill out. 
Holy shit!
I can’t believe that just happened. 
Who was Dougie, and how was he going to help Donna get James?
I exited the washroom, shaking from the discovery of the most scandalous secret I’d ever heard in my life. 
Was this what James was talking about? All the coded messages about Donna not running things anymore, did he know about this ‘Dougie’ too?
Confusion reigned supreme in the form of…. me!

*~*~*

I needed to know what Donna was talking about back at school. And since James’ name popped up multiple times during her crazed cry to ‘Dougie’, I headed straight to his house. 
Well no, I headed to the park first, seeing as I had time to kill while he was at practice. I would have waited for him outside the change room at school, but I had to get out of there in case Donna was lurking around, awaiting a rematch. 
So I sat in the park for over an hour, watching people live their lives, happy and carefree that it was Friday. I had been happy too that it was Friday.
Now… not so much.
But hopefully there was an explanation, because I really needed one. My mind was going in circles, rivaling the pace of a roadrunner. 
I crossed the street towards James’ house, stopping at a row of bushes that outlined the property, their length and width keeping me hidden from the commotion coming from the driveway. James’ SUV was parked on the street and on the driveway was a large new looking red truck with another black SUV. In the red truck, the windows were halfway down revealing a blonde woman, who I immediately identified as James’ stepmother. 
Loud squeals echoed out and the stepmother turned, yelling back to what were probably James’ little siblings. Their front door opened and an older version of James stormed out, slamming the door behind him and not bothering to lock it. 
“That fucking boy!” Mr. Lawson growled, shaking his head with a look of disgust on his way towards the driver’s side. “Jesus Christ! His mother raised him to be a pussy. I can’t believe my kid…. fucking acting like a pussy!” 
“Calm down Jimmy, he’s only seventeen.” The stepmother said as Mr. Lawson slid into the driver’s seat. “Just let him be, this is his senior year.” 
“Don’t tell me what to do with my kid, Janet.” Mr. Lawson snorted loudly as the truck rolled down the driveway. “He’s never going to learn anything by acting like a pussy bitch. If I don’t teach him, then who will?” 
That was the last bit of the conversation I heard as the truck pulled into traffic, driving away. 
So this was what James had to deal with at home….
A.
Mean.
Asshole. 
A father he couldn’t talk to, or get advice from…. 
I had my problems with my mom, but she’s never called me names like that. 
Since Mr. Lawson didn’t lock the door after leaving, I headed inside quietly, trekking up the stairs straight for James’ room. His door was halfway open, I tip toed to it and peeked through from the hallway. 
James sat crouched on his bed. His head was nestled in both of his hands. He had on a fresh blue t-shirt and black jeans. His dark brown hair was smoothed back and damp. He’d probably just come out of a shower. 
My baby wanted to be clean for me…. and his fucking Dad yelled at him afterwards. 
I.
Hated.
Him (Mr. Lawson).
Anger surged within every molecule, every inch of my body. I gulped back my distain for Mr. Lawson and focused. 
“James?” I whispered and his head snapped up, looking shocked that I was here, standing in his room, looking distraught for him. 
“What are you doing here?” he asked. I rushed to him, hugging his upper body while he sat. 
“You heard that?” James asked, timidly. 
“James, the whole neighborhood heard.” I murmured, resting my face into his damp hair. 
It smelled wonderful. 
“I fucking hate your dad. I’m sorry.” I whispered.
“I wish you didn’t hear that.” James whispered, sounding ashamed. His head pressed against my chest, breathing in and out as if my scent provided exactly what he needed at the moment.
Stress relief.
The only thing that mattered was making him feel better. 
Even though the fights I’d had with my parents weren’t as bad, I still knew what it felt like afterwards, and that was depressed. 
“I’m serious,” he murmured, pouting as he returned to cuddle his face into my chest. “Five minutes ago…was the worst.”
I sighed, feeling his stress. “How do I make you feel better?” 
“Just don’t leave me.” He breathed, his sad eyes wounding me.  
“I think I can do a little better than that.” I whispered, pushing him down, his back on the bed. I crawled over him and pressed my lips against his, kissing him with the ferocity of lightening and the passion of everything I felt deep inside of my heart for him. I was crazy about the kid.  
I never thought… I’d be one of those people…you know…the kind that loved hard. 
Even if it did seem cheesy….
“Oh, okay.” James murmured into my mouth. I leaned back and straddled him. His hands caressed the skin right underneath the edge of my tank top. 
“I want to feel you, I want to make love to you.” he whispered, pulling my tank top off, leaving me with only my black bra and jeans on. My bra came off next and his green eyes quickly masked with desire, staring at my naked upper body. His shirt followed my bra. Our fronts touched and the heat of his skin made my tummy flutter. 
He stared deep into my eyes, pushing my body deeper into his. “Keep me in your arms, baby. You warm me, Annabelle. You know that?” 
“You never say my full name.” I smiled, feeling my heart beat wildly, on the verge of rocketing out of my chest. 
“It’s a beautiful name,” he murmured, pulling me into a deep kiss, tension leaving his body with each bite of the lip, each stroke of the tongue, each caress.  
After a beautiful few minutes of feeling his skin on me, this afternoon’s scandal invaded my mind again. I felt as though he’d calmed down enough that I could ask him about it. “James?” I stopped kissing him and pulled away a few inches. “Do you know a person named, Dougie?”
James cringed, blinking back his shock. “What?” He moved into a sitting position. He kept me straddled to him by placing his arms around my waist. “Why do you ask?” he asked, timidly. 
“I was in the washroom after school. I used a different one, just in case there was another scene with Donna. Well, surprisingly, right after I entered another one, like two hallways away, Donna came inside, crying and on the phone to a married man named Dougie. She was crying about you.” 
“Wonderful.” James groaned, closing his eyes. He leaned his forehead against my bare, yet slightly scratched shoulder. 
“So you do know something. Tell me.” I urged him. 
“You don’t want to know this, trust me baby, it’s disturbing. It’s fucked up.” James groaned again. 
“What’s going on?” I asked him. “Is this the complicated bit you couldn’t tell me before?” 
“Yeah,” James murmured. “I wasn’t sure of a few things when I first started on the team last summer. I heard some stuff from the guys, but nobody really confirmed anything. It was Peter who actually spilled some really disturbing information and it changed the way I had to do a few things.” 
I sighed. “Who is Dougie, James?”
“His name isn’t Dougie to us.” James explained, sounding exhausted. 
“What is it then?” I asked, getting nervous.
“It’s Coach Doug, from the baseball team.” James explained and my eyes widened. 

CHAPTER 52




Donna was having an affair with the baseball team’s coach, the same one who told me to ‘watch where I was going’ a couple of weeks ago. 
 ‘Dougie’ or Coach Doug had done whatever his little lady requested and that included keeping her on top of the popular food chain by nonchalantly threatening the players on the team with their spots. He tried convincing them that popular boys had to be around popular girls. There was no room for anybody else, especially if Donna found out.
There was a light at the end of tunnel. Coach Doug was getting married and going on a long six month vacation with his new, unsuspecting wife. 
He got married the Saturday after the half day.  
The entire team thought they were finally free, especially James, but when he and I got together that Thursday (You know, when I lost my virginity!), somehow Donna found out and called her ‘Dougie’ to complain about my involvement in ruining her life again. 
Coach Doug decided to give Mr. Lawson a call, complaining about James’ performance in the practice game, even though James had won that game for our school. 
Now that Coach Doug was officially gone, Donna’s ‘power’ was finished. 
That’s what James meant when he said that Donna didn’t run things anymore. James and the entire baseball team were free of Donna’s forced reign. Surprisingly, most of the guys on the team didn’t even like her, claiming she was a catty, evil bitch. 
This was our secret….

*~*~*

Wednesday October 31st 2012

 “Becky, I can’t believe you’re wearing that.” Jenna snorted, fixing her hair in front of the mirror in the school’s washroom. It was crammed with overly excited costumed girls, trying to get a spot in front of the mirror.
Not on Jenna’s watch. 
Becky smirked, shimmying in her extremely tight French maid costume. “What, this old thing?” 
I laughed loudly. “Pulease, you just want to make Johnny jealous.”
Becky grinned, doing another little shimmy. “Correction, I want to make Johnny jealous, but its Peter’s eyes I want popping.” 
Jenna eyed the two of us through the mirror. “Ladies, please keep it down. We can’t have all the girls in school know the ‘secret’ to mastering the art of life.” 
She could be on to something. 
Jenna straightened her Xena costume and smirked ‘evilly’. “I dare a ‘hot’ girl to mess with me in this.” 
Becky clapped her hands enthusiastically. “The guys would totally love it if that happened. In fact, they’d probably pay to watch!”
Jenna turned from the mirror, snapping her fingers. “Oh – oh – oh, new business opportunity! We should totally do it!” 
We all laughed at her enthusiasm and exited the washroom, heading back to the Halloween dance in the gymnasium. Becky and Jenna skipped ahead while I adjusted my witch costume. It was basically a long cape that covered a tight black, long sleeved dress. It went to my knees and I paired it with six inch black heels I bought last weekend. 
They made my legs look…. UH-mazing!
“Hey Anna,” Dana called, beside me all of a sudden. She came as a vampire… going to a beach party? She had on fangs, a red halter-top and peach colored cut off shorts. 
She looked hot. 
Perhaps she knew of the ‘secret’ as well.
“That for Roy?” I smirked, eyeing her outfit once more as we walked side by side through people going and coming from the washrooms. 
She sighed. “Would it make me a hypocrite if I said yes?” 
I shook my head, giving her a small smile. “No, it only makes you human.” 
“Latisha’s been following him everywhere.” Dana mentioned, going pale from the memory.
We stopped in the gym entryway. 
“Yeah, she’s around a lot. She’s crazy about him.” I told her, looking inside and finding Latisha in her tiny, very sexy devil costume? It was basically a tight red satin dress, a pair of red heels, and a devil horned headband. She had the attention of the entire gym and was clearly loving it.
Since she was, kind of, the new Queen of the ‘hot’ girls since Donna’s dethroning a couple of weeks ago. 
“Look,” Dana faced me. “I just wanted to say I’m sorry for last time. It wasn’t me. I was so messed up after seeing you sitting with the guys. I was jealous and angry. I hope you don’t hate me or something.” 
“I don’t hate you.” I smiled at her. “I’m over it.”
Dana smiled back. “Good, I’m glad.” 
“Anyways, I gotta find James, you know just in case he gets into it with Matthew again.” I told her. 
“Especially in that costume, right!” Dana giggled. “How’d you get him to wear it?” 
I smirked, giving her knowing eyes. “Easy, it was part of his punishment for acting like a crazy buffoon earlier in the month.” 
“Oh yeah, I remember now. Well, he looks like he’s in pain.” Dana laughed, walking in with me. 
“Duh!” I laughed. “Good luck with Roy.” 
Dana smiled at me and went towards her fellow swim team members, minus Jenna. Jenna was hanging out with me tonight.
Well most of tonight.
Right now, I wanted to dance with my man.
Ugh… I know, cheesy!
I headed to my new group of friends. Jenna was already there with Becky laughing up a storm, pointing at James’ costume. His punishment, which he’d accepted gracefully, helped him get closer to being in Jenna’s good books. 
“I can’t believe she’s making me wear whiskers,” James grunted, eyeing the room as they snickered obviously at his costume, a fluffy tiger onesie. “I look like a _” 
“A pussy?” I grinned, wrapping my arms around his waist as the DJ played a slow song. “Don’t worry Tiger, it doesn’t make a difference to me.” 
James wrapped his arms around my waist and gave me his signature ‘cocky’ grin. “You like what you see, Fireball?”
I wrapped my arms around his shoulders and pulled him down. I pressed my lips against his, moving them passionately and exaggeratedly, giving a new visual description to the term ‘PDA’. 
Howls of laughter and cheers erupted around us. I released his lips, reluctantly. After a few seconds, I slowly opened my eyes to a frozen fluffy Tiger. 
“What was that about?” he mumbled, opening his eyes, looking dazed and extremely satisfied. He grinned, his green eyes blazing with desire. “Not that I didn’t like it.” 
I eyed the gymnasium for Donna, quickly finding the back of her tight Nurse costume as she stormed out of the room with Stacey hot on her tail in a leather mini dress. I grinned as they exited the room, and then chuckled afterwards at my behaviour. 
“Just making a point.” 
“And that is?” James asked after I met his gaze. He was shaking his head, smirking. 
He knew why. 
“That despite the cheesiness,” I smiled, feeling content and slightly goofy. “We make sense. Right, Tiger?”
“Fireball, despite the cheesiness,” James smirked, leaning his forehead against mine. “From the moment we met, to right now, everything shit and horrible, and nasty, it doesn’t exist for us anymore. Being here, with you, like this, it’s everything. Nothing makes sense without you.”
I smiled. “Ditto.” 
A hundred percent better…. for now.


About the Author

Sarah Tork.

I live in Toronto, Canada with my husband. I’m a 1985 baby and have been writing stories ever since I could hold a pen. I love pens. I love notebooks. I love books. The preferred reaction to my work would be happiness. Here’s hoping I can pull it off.
You can contact me on Facebook, Twitter or via my website if you have any questions.

https://www.facebook.com/authorsarahtork

@Sarah_TO1

http://sarahtork.wordpress.com/

