
ZORA’S FIRST DAY




ZORA’S FIRST DAY





J.E. Smythe


Zora’s First Day

Copyright © 2015 J.E. Smythe

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage retrieval system without the written permission of the publisher except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

This is a work of fiction. All of the characters, names, incidents, organizations, and dialogue in this novel are either the products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

LEG books may be ordered through booksellers or by Contacting

Lady Esquire Group, LLC
P.O. Box 790672
Charlotte, North Carolina 28206
www.writeleg.com
1-888-988-4249

Because of the dynamic nature of the Internet, any web addresses or links contained in this book may have changed since publication and may no longer be valid. The views expressed in this work are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the publisher, and the publisher hereby disclaims any responsibility for them.

Any people depicted in stock imagery provided by Dollar Photo Club are models, and such images are being used for illustrative purposes only.
Certain stock imagery © Dollar Photo Club.

ISBN: 978-0-9903418-2-6 (ebk)

LEG rev. date: 1/13/2015
 1

GOOD MORNING SLEEPY HEAD

The sun came beaming down through the window and landed on my face. I turned my back and pulled the covers over my head. But just before I could go back to sleep I heard my mother’s voice, “Zora, get up, you’re going to be late for school!” 
“Oh no,” I said to myself, trying to put my pillow over my ears.
Just as I began to go back to sleep for the second time, I felt a tug on my left shoulder. Suddenly both my pillows and blankets were taken away from me and thrown to the floor. 
“I’m not going to tell you again to get up,” my mother said sternly as she stood over me like a statue. 
“Mom, please can I have a few more minutes?” I whined, trying to reach for my covers. 
“You have five seconds to get in the bathroom and start getting ready for school,” my mother said as she turned to leave the room. 
Before walking out the door she flipped on the lights and left the door wide open, my mother was always doing things like that. So I knew she was serious. I got up and walked to the bathroom.
	While turning on the faucet I realized that today was the first day of middle school, most kids would be excited about going to the sixth grade, but not me. All of elementary I went to private school. Now my parents wanted me to go to public school.  I didn’t even have any friends there! My best friend Sandy was going to stay behind in private school. But what made this even worse was that I would have to start taking that ugly yellow bus to school. I was so used to my mother or Sandy’s mother taking us to school. The ride was so peaceful and I was able to hear all my favorite songs on the radio. Sandy and I always sang along and giggled all the way to school. But that was over now. The thought of it made my eyes fill with tears. 
	All summer long I stayed indoors and refused to talk to my parents or anyone else. Even my one-year-old brother got the silent treatment. I figured that eventually my parents would feel guilty and let me go back to private school with Sandy; it didn’t work. My dad tried to make me feel better by taking me to the park and buying me ice cream. He even took me to my new school and walked me up and down the hallways. 
“See sweetheart,” he said, “it isn’t all that different than your other school.” I didn’t say a word. All I knew is I hated It.
“I promise you’ll love it just as much as your old school,” my father added.


I knew that wasn’t true. At my old school, I had lots of friends and enjoyed spending time with them. At this new school, I didn’t know anybody. I knew better than my father: going to this new school would be a big mistake.
	Unlike my father, my mother was not affected by me. She didn’t even try to make me feel better. It seemed like she didn’t even care. I knew my father already felt sorry for me, and if I could have gotten my mother to feel the same then I probably wouldn’t be in this situation. But nothing worked with her. I tried explaining to her how much I was going to miss my old friends, but she didn’t want to hear it. All she ever said was, “Zora, let’s just wait until after the first day. Then we’ll see.” If we waited until the first day it might be too late and I could be stuck there forever! I just didn’t understand why my mother wanted me to wait until after the first day. What did she think would be different?
	As I left the bathroom after my shower, I remembered all the fun I had with Sandy.  I thought about the first time we met in the first grade.  I was sitting with the rest of the class in Mrs. Madsen’s room, waiting for her to read us a story, when the classroom door opened, and this quiet girl walked in with her mother.  I turned my head and saw a girl with brown skin and hair full of braids and beads, just like mine, standing in the doorway.  Before I could examine the girl closer, Mrs. Madsen called me over. When I got to them, Mrs. Madsen held my hand and said, “Zora, I’d like for you to meet Sandy Jones.  Sandy, this is Zora Williams. Zora, I’d like for you to be Sandy’s special friend today and show her around. Ok?” 
I looked up at Mrs. Madsen and nodded yes.  I turned to Sandy and said, “Hi.” 
“Hi,” Sandy replied as she tightly held her mother’s hand. 
“Zora, would you please show Sandy where to put her things?” Mrs. Madsen asked. 
“Ok,” I responded. 
Just like my mother did to me every day, Sandy’s mother bent over, kissed her cheek and said, “I’ll pick you up after school. Have fun, I love you!” As I watched Sandy and her mother, I noticed that we were the same height and our mothers even kind of looked alike. They were both tall and skinny with dark shoulder length hair. Both their skins were light brown and smooth as silk. Their eyes were dark brown and seemed to hug you when you look directly into them.
 I started to feel comfortable around Sandy.  After Sandy’s mother left, I asked her, “Are you ready?” 
“Yeah,” Sandy responded and followed me to the coat closet.  
Ever since that day we have been special friends.  What’s going to happen to me now? Who would be my special friend? 
	Just as I finished dressing and began packing my backpack, there was a knock at my door.  “Come in,” I answered trying to sound as sad as possible.  When the door opened, my father came in dressed in a black suit and tie. People always said I look like him. I loved to hear them say that.  My father was tall with big muscles and he gave the best hugs because his arms were so strong. I guess people thought we looked alike because we both had caramel complexions and dark curly hair.  But when I was younger I prayed to grow up and look like my mother.  Back then, there was no one prettier. She’s still pretty, but it’s all about my father right now.
	“Hi, sweetheart,” my father whispered. The sight of him made me smile for the first time all morning.  I was daddy’s little girl and proud of it.  
“Hi, daddy,” I said and quickly lowered my head to cover up the joy I felt from seeing him.  
My father sat on the bed next to my bag and asked, “So are you almost ready?” I shrugged my shoulders without saying a word.  Just before tears could once again fill my eyes, my dad softly grabbed my hands and sat me lovingly on his lap.  
“You know Zora, life doesn’t always stay the same. We grow and change.  Sometimes we have to leave people and things we care about behind, but that doesn’t mean that we have to forget them or even that they will forget us.  Do you understand, sweetheart?” My father looked at me so tenderly that it made me want to cry even more. I nodded yes as one tear dropped from my right eye and another tear from my left eye shortly followed.  My father reached into his pocket and pulled out a blue jewelry box. I quickly wiped my eyes.  I knew that whatever it was it would be special because blue was my favorite color and my dad always wrapped my special gifts in blue. 
“What’s that?” I asked with a sniffle. 
“Open it,” my father said.  
I slowly took the box out of his hands and began to open it. Inside was the most beautiful gold necklace I had ever seen. It had a heart-shaped locket at the end that held a shining diamond in the middle.  
“Keep going,” my father encouraged.  
I carefully opened the heart and found a picture of me and my dad. I realized that the picture was taken during our very first father-daughter day out, a tradition that began when my parents told me that I was going to be a big sister. I remembered crying then too.  I was angry that I would have to share my parents with someone else.  
“Do you remember that day?” my father asked with a smile. 
“Yeah,” I said with a grin. 
“Do you remember what I told you?” He asked again. 
“You said things aren’t always as bad as they seem. And that out of every loss we gain even more,” I explained. 
“That’s right,” my father agreed as he took the necklace out of my hands and put it around my neck.   
“I want you to remember that every time you feel sad about going to a new school. Ok?”  He continued.  
“Ok,” I responded with a nod.  
He gave me a kiss on the cheek, took me off his lap and placed me on my feet as he stood up. 
“Hurry up and finish so that you can come down for breakfast. You don’t want your mother coming up here again, do you?” he said with a chuckle as he was leaving.  	
“Oh no!” I said and smiled back at him. 
After my father left the room, I turned to the mirror and admired my necklace. I felt overjoyed with my gift. Somehow my father always knew the right things to say and do.
	As I left my room to walk down the stairs, I could smell freshly cooked bacon and the strong aroma of coffee. I could also hear my parents talking.  It sounded like my mother was upset. That wasn’t anything new; my mother always seemed upset.  When I got in the hallway leading towards the kitchen, my parent’s conversation became clearer.
“Charles, all I’m saying is that you need to stop pampering her. She needs to understand that she can’t always get her way,” my mother said.
“She’s not getting her way, Doris,” my father responded.
“Yes, she is!” my mother insisted
“How?” my father asked.
“By you giving her gifts! All summer long she walked around acting like a spoiled brat,” my mother answered.
“Listen, starting a new school is going to be hard on her, Doris.  I think it would help her to know that we understand,” my father said.
“Charles, I…” my mother started to say.
“Good morning,” I interrupted.  I hated to hear my parents argue, especially if it was about me. 
“Good morning, sweetheart,” my father said. 
“Good morning, Zora. You’re running late,” my mother added in a superior tone that always made me cringe. 
“I’m sorry,” I said softly as I sat down at the kitchen table in front of a plate of eggs and bacon. Across from me was my father and beside him, in a high chair, was my brother Dorian. My mother was standing over the kitchen sink cleaning the dirty dishes. 
I never understood why my mother was so hard on me. I sometimes wished she could be more like my father; easy to get along with.  I can recall a time when my mother and I never argued. We used to sit on the porch at night and look at the stars together while talking about our favorite TV shows. Now it seems like I can’t do anything right.
“So, are you sure you have everything Zora?” my father asked while playing with my little brother, Dorian. 
“I think so,” I answered.  
“Good. Then you’ll be prepared for your first day,” my dad added with a smile. 
“What time are we leaving, Mom?” I asked. 
“Well, if you hurry up, I can drop you at your bus stop before taking Dorian to the sitter and not be late for work,” she answered.  
“The bus stop?!!” I shouted. My mother quickly turned from the sink, where she was cleaning the dishes and faced me. 
“Yes, the bus stop,” my mother sternly stated. “I did tell you that you would be taking the bus from now on, didn’t I?” My mother asked in a tone that stopped me from having another outburst.
	I pushed my plate of bacon and eggs away from me and slammed my elbows on the table. I angrily placed my hands under my chin. My eyebrows were squeezed so tightly together that they almost met in the middle of my face. I could see from the corner of my eye that my father, who continued to play with Dorian, looked surprised and I could tell that he didn’t like that. So why is my mother punishing me?  
“Well, I better go,” my dad said as he gave Dorian one last tickle. Dorian let out a loud and hearty laugh; my parents couldn’t help but laugh with him.  The only person who didn’t laugh was me.  My father stood up from the table and gave me a kiss on the forehead saying, “Have a great day, sweetheart. I love you.” He then turned to my mother and told her, “See you later tonight,” and gave her a kiss on the lips.  
	After my father left, my mother looked at me and instructed, “Since it appears you’re done eating, get up, cover your food, and put it in the oven.” My mother hated to waste food. Every time there were large portions of food left on anyone’s plate she always told us to cover it up and save it. I really didn’t know why because the only person who ever ate the leftovers was my dad. Well, maybe sometimes I did too, but I never let my mother know. After I finished placing my plate in the oven, I grabbed my backpack from the floor next to the kitchen table and followed my mother out the back door. My mother carried Dorian in her right hand, threw his baby bag and her purse over her left shoulder, and quickly walked to the car.  I climbed into the back seat with my brother, who was securely locked into his car seat. The ride to the bus stop was only a few minutes, but to me it seemed like hours.
	When the car slowed to a stop, I noticed all the other children waiting for the bus.  They were all different shapes and sizes. Some seemed so much older than me. 
“There are so many of them,” I whispered. 
My mother turned her head slowly and looked at me just as I was turning away from the car window.  When our eyes met, I noticed that my mother’s expression had changed.  For the first time, it seemed as if she actually felt something. I didn’t know if it was nervousness or pity or even guilt, but there was definitely something there.  
“Have a good day, Zora,” she said in a soft voice. 
I didn’t speak. I grabbed my backpack from the car floor and gave Dorian a kiss on his hand. I got out of the car and slowly walked over to where the other kids were standing. A few minutes after my mother left the bus came.  As I found my place in line, I turned my head to the right and thought for sure I saw my mother’s car. But I didn’t think it was her, she wouldn’t have waited. Would she? 
I followed the line that was slowly climbing the steps of the bus. When I finally got onto the bus, I came face to face with the scariest looking thing I’ve ever seen: THE BUS DRIVER. She - I think it was a she – was really fat with a baseball cap that covered up her lack of hair. Her lips were turned down and mashed together tightly almost as if she was angered at the thought of having to drive the bus. The moment I got to the top of the bus steps and our eyes met, she looked at me like I had done something wrong. I didn’t want to sit anywhere near her, but I also didn’t want to sit all the way in the back either. I quickly found a seat somewhere in the middle, trying not to make eye contact with her again to avoid pissing her off. But it seemed as more kids got on the bus, the angrier she became and kept yelling “SIMMER DOWN!” 
At first the bus wasn’t very full, just the kids from my bus stop. But that scary looking bus driver kept stopping everywhere and before I knew it, the bus was full and I had to sit next to a boy I didn’t even know. I couldn’t believe my mother was making me go through this. I mean, does she really hate me that much?
	There was so much noise on the bus, it sounded like I was standing in the middle of a croweded playgroud with every kid doing whatever they wanted. Everyone was talking and no one seemed to be listening. Even the scary lady bus driver’s request for them to simmer down didn’t help. I was so surprised to hear kids swearing. If kids swore at my old school, we would have had to get on our knees and say a prayer or put a bar of soap in our mouths. Well, maybe not the soap, but we would definitely be in big trouble. I felt guilty just listening to them, so I tried my best to tune them out. I began to stare out the window and thought about what Sandy was doing at that moment. It was so hard being without her. She always made me feel better and right now I really needed her. I mean, I was so nervous that I could actually feel my knees knocking together. I put my hands on my lap to try and control them. But that didn’t work because the palms of my hands just got hot and sweaty. 
	I tried to close my eyes and take deep breaths, but the boy sitting next to me kept bumping me as he was play fighting with his friend across the aisle. At one point, he hit me so hard that I grabbed my arm and screamed “OW!” But he just ignored me and kept playing with his friend.
“Why don’t you stop boy!” yelled a girl behind me. 
I didn’t know who she was, but I wanted to thank her.  I turned my head and took a quick glimpse at her but was too afraid to say anything. Whoever she was, she had an effect on my tormentor.  He immediately stopped and I was finally able to get some peace. That was until I saw the school come into sight. It was this huge red brick building that had green double doors on each side of it. People, kids and adults were everywhere and the parking lot was jammed with cars.  I thought to myself that if the morning was any indication, then the rest of the day would be terrible. 












2

HOMEROOM

As I got off the school bus and the thought of having to walk past all those kids standing in front of the building scared me. All I wanted to do was to run and hide. My stomach was doing flip flops and my heart was beating a mile a minute. It felt like I could jump out my skin if someone was to merely touch me on my hand. I took a deep breath, bent my head, and walked quickly past the crowd. 
When I passed through the double doors, I lifted my head and noticed that the school had been transformed. It didn’t look like it did when I came here with my father. The lockers were not as I remembered them; they were all on the wrong side!  I was completely lost. I wanted to ask someone for help, but who? There were just so many people and none of them seemed to even see me standing there.
“Hey girl, you look lost. Where you s’posed to be?” a strange voice said from behind. It sounded like the girl from the bus – my savior.  I cautiously turned around and saw two girls standing behind me. “Um…homeroom.” I said with hesitation. 
“Well, duh, we’re all supposed to be there. She meant which room!” the darker skinned girl said with an attitude. I recognized her as the one from the bus, the one that saved.
“Oh… um… room 112,” I replied. 
“Well, that’s cool. We’re headed that way too, so you can follow us,” the darker skinned girl said again. “I’m Carina and that’s Felicia. Everyone calls her Licia,” she added, pointing to the girl on her right who had long blond hair that was pulled back in a ponytail.  “What’s your name?” 
“Zora” I answered.
“Well, Zora, you look scared. Is this your first day?” asked Licia.
“Yeah.”, I responded. 
“Well, then just relax,” insisted Carina. “We’ll show you the ropes.”
 I didn’t know how to act around Licia and Carina. They were so different from me. As I followed them, I was amazed at how many people they knew. 
“Hey Carina!” someone yelled from down the hall. 
“What’s up, Licia!” someone else said loudly. 
“Wow, you guys know everyone,” I commented. 
“Girl, please. That’s because we went to elementary school with some of these people,” Felicia responded. 
Just then, a tall skinny black boy came up behind us and pulled Carina’s hair.
“OW! Boy, I’m gonna knock you out!” Carina screamed. 
“You ain’t gonna do nothing,” the boy responded with a chuckle and then ran off. 
“You have to watch these knuckleheads around here,” said Carina.  
“How come he pulled your hair? Doesn’t he like you?” I asked. 
“No, girl, that ain't nobody but Lloyd. He always does stupid stuff like that” replied Carina. 
“That’s cause he’s stupid,” Licia said with a slight laugh. “But the one who’s really cool is his friend Tommy; he’s hot!” Licia added. 
I had never paid much attention to boys before. I didn’t even know how to tell if a boy was cute or not. Hopefully, Carina and Licia couldn’t tell I knew nothing about boys. 
“Oh, here we are,” Carina said and walked quickly to sit down in the back of the class. 
Licia followed right behind her and turned to me saying “Come on, we always sit at the back.” 
I nervously followed and sat in between them. Just then, Lloyd walked in with three other boys.  They all walked towards the back and sat right in front of us. 
“Hey Carina, let me get a pencil?” Lloyd asked. 
“Why didn’t you go to the store and buy your own?” Carina said sarcastically. 
“Man, whatever!” Lloyd said and turned towards one of his friends that was sitting on his right. 
One of the other boys turned to face me and asked “Hey Licia, who’s the new girl?” 
“Oh, this is Zora,” she replied.
“Hi, Zora. I’m Tommy.” he said.
“Hi,” I responded nervously.
“What school did you come from?” he asked.
“St. Joseph Catholic School,” I answered.
 “Dag girl, you went to Catholic school?” Carina asked with surprise.
“Yeah, since the first grade,” I said.
“Did you have to wear an uniform and all?” Licia asked
“Yeah,” I answered.
“Well, that sounds cool to me,” Tommy said with a smile.
I couldn’t help but to smile back at him. He was just so nice, a lot nicer than his friend Lloyd. Actually, all of his friends were loud and kept getting out of their seats to bother people. But not Tommy. I see why Carina and Licia thought he was cool. There was something really sweet about him; being in his presence made me feel at ease.   Tommy was tall, but not as skinny as his friend Lloyd. He had smooth light charcoal skin and short wavy hair with light brown eyes. Wow, I guess he was hot.
Finally, the bell rang and the teacher came into the room. She was young, skinny and tall with long blond hair and light blue eyes. 
“Hello class, my name is Ms. Smith and I will be your homeroom teacher for the rest of the year. As I call your names, please respond, and I will give you your schedule.” 
Ms. Smith ran down the list of students in the classroom and then she said “Zora Williams?” 
“Here,” I answered. 
When Ms. Smith gave me my schedule, Licia and Carina turned to me and Licia asked, “What class do you have next?” 
Licia took the schedule out of my hand and said “Oh….you have math with Mr. Jones. Carina and I have science with Mrs. Peterson. Those rooms are across the hall from each other.”  
“Don’t worry, we’ll show you how to get there,” Carina said.
Just then Tommy turned around and said, “I have Mr. Jones next, too. I can show you.” 
“Ok.” I replied. I was nervous again. 
Tommy was so nice, but I didn’t know how to act around him. He was really popular and attractive; everyone wanted to be his friend. I don’t know why he would ever take the time to help me. I just hope I wouldn’t make a fool out of myself.  
	Just as Ms. Smith began to tell us about the school rules and regulations, the classroom door opened and two girls entered. Their style of dress and overall appearance were so much different than Felicia and Carina. They had on short jean skirts with fitted bright color shirts and a whole lot of makeup. Carina and Licia dressed comfortable with jeans, loose fitted shirts, sneakers, and the only make-up they wore was lip gloss. When Carina and Licia came into the room they were laughing and talking to everyone, when these girls walked into the room they acted like they were the most important people on the plant. They didn’t smile or speak to anyone. 
“Good morning, ladies,” Ms. Smith said. “The two of you are late. I trust this will be the last time?”
“Sorry, Ms. Smith,” said one of the girls who was about the same dark complexion as Carina. “It won’t happen again.”
“Good, then take your seats,” replied Ms. Smith. 
The two girls began to walk towards the back where we sat and I heard Carina whisper, “Please God, don’t let them sit by me.” 
I guess they either heard her or saw the unfriendly look on her face because they immediately took their seats in the middle of the room. Licia turned to Carina and said, “I’m surprised she didn’t say anything to you.” 
“She better not,” Carina said rolling her eyes. 
Well, the girl with too much makeup must have heard them because she turned around and said, “Hola, Carina.”  
Carina looked at her with a how-dare-you-speak-to me expression and through very tight lips mumbled, “Hola, Carmen.” Then cut her eyes. 
It was then that I realized that Carina was Spanish. I turned my head and began staring at her. I hadn’t noticed earlier if she had any features that would have given away her Hispanic ethnicity. Her dark brown skin and slightly curly long black hair said nothing of her heritage. 
Licia caught me looking at Carina because she came close to me and said, “She’s Dominican.” 
“Oh!” I said, surprised. 
I had no doubt that Licia was white. Although, I think that she had probably been hanging around Carina for a while because she sometimes sounded like her and tried to pretend as if she had an accent.	
Carmen stopped talking to her friend, turned to face Tommy and asked, “Are you going to walk with me to the next class?” 
“Oh……um…..I just promised Zora that I’ll walk with her,” Tommy cautiously responded while everyone else began to snicker.  
Carmen asked with an attitude, “Who’s Zora?” 
“She’s Zora,” Carina quickly responded with her own brand of attitude as she pointed to me. Carmen gave me a look that made me feel that Carina’s enemy was now my enemy. 
“You ain’t got to say it like that Carina!”  returned the girl sitting next to Carmen. Everything about her was neat and in order. Even her long-straight dark brown hair only moved when she swung it for effect. 
“Mind ya own business, Portia!” added Licia.
At this point, Ms. Smith must have heard all the commotion because she interrupted by saying, “Alright, since you all seem to have so much energy why don’t you take out your notebooks and write about what you did this summer.”  
Lloyd raised his hand and said, “Ms. Smith, what I did this summer can fit in one sentence.” 
“I want your answers to fill an entire page so make it work, Mr. Anderson.” Ms. Smith said in a stern voice. 
I quickly got out my notebook to begin writing. Then I realized - I didn’t do anything this summer. I was too busy being angry with my parents to do anything. I had no clue what I was supposed to write about. I eventually decided to write about how I felt about coming to a new school and leaving all of my friends behind. My apprehension about this new school could probably fill five pages, but I managed to keep it at one.
“Hey, Ms. Smith, can I add how I found out that they cancelled my favorite T.V. show?” Lloyd asked with a sly grin on his face.
“Just write, Mr. Anderson,” Mrs. Smith replied as she made no attempt to conceal that she was annoyed  by Lloyd’s behavior.
“Ok, but I’m telling you I didn’t do much this summer,” he added.
Ms. Smith gave him a very agitated look and said “Get to work Mr. Anderson.”
“Licia, what are you going to write about?” Carina asked.
“How my sister went away to college and my parents won’t let me get her room even though it’s bigger,” Licia replied without looking up from her paper. “What are you writing about?” she asked Carina.
“I don’t know,” Carina said, shrugging her shoulders. “Maybe I’ll write about going to the Dominican Republic and visiting my grandparents.”  
	As I listened to their conversation, I was worried that one of them would ask me what I was writing about; I didn’t want anyone to know. I guess I was sort of embarrassed about how I had acted over the summer. Luckily, everyone went right on working on their paper and didn’t ask me anything.
	As I wrote, I began to wonder how Sandy’s first day was going. I thought about how I won’t be able to experience all of this with her. I thought about how I would have to go through being at this new school without my best friend. Even though Carina and Licia seemed really nice, I don’t think they would ever be able to replace Sandy. 
“Hey… new girl,” someone said, interrupting my thoughts. I lifted my head to make sure they were talking to me. 
 “Why are you dressed like you’re going to church?” Carmen asked with a chuckle. I looked down at my plain white button up blouse and gray pleated knee-length skirt. For the first time, I realized that I dressed exactly the way I had always dressed when I attended private school. I guess I had gotten used to looking a certain way. 	
“Leave her alone, Carmen!” shouted Carina.
“Mind your own business Carina!” Carmen shouted back.
“It is my business cuz you’re messing with my friend!” Carina continued.
“Carina, I’m so sick and tired of you already!”  Carmen replied.
“Good, cuz I’m sick and tired of you too.” Carina responded
“Ladies…” Ms. Smith interrupted, “Is there a problem?”
Everyone turned to look at the two of them. 
“No, Ms. Smith,” Carina said sharply as she was sitting back in her chair.  Ms. Smith turned to look at Carmen and said, “Ms. Sanchez?”  “Everything’s fine, Ms. Smith,” Carmen replied. 
“Good, then I trust you will go back to work without any further disturbances.” 
“Yes, Ms. Smith,” they both replied in unison.
Their dispute led me to wonder why Carina hated Carmen so much.  I was curious, but I was too afraid to ask Carina. Maybe I could ask Licia when Carina was not around.  Until then I’d be better off staying out of the middle.
	Everyone returned to their writing assignments and remained quiet for the remainder of homeroom.  It wasn’t until I got to the very last sentence of my paper that the bell rang. 
	“Alright everyone, as you leave, please hand in your assignments.  Hurry to your next class and I’ll see you all soon.” Ms. Smith said as she stood up next to her desk.
“Ready, Zora?” Tommy asked.
“Yeah, let me grab my backpack,” I replied.
Carina and Felicia ran ahead of me.  Before leaving, Carina turned back and said, “Bye, Zora. We’ll come find you at lunch!” 
“Ok … bye!” I responded nervously.  I was about to be alone with Tommy. 
	“Come on,” Tommy said as he began walking. 
I followed him out the door, passing by Carmen and Portia. Tommy, noticing I was nervous, looked at me and said, “Don’t worry about her.  She can't do anything no way.” His comment made me smile a little, which kind of made me feel better.
“But what did I do to Carmen?” I asked
“Nothing, that’s just how she is,” he replied
“Is that why Carina doesn’t like her?” I asked.
“I don’t know. They never really liked each other. I think it had to do with the time when Carmen pushed Carina off the swing in the fourth grade,” he answered.
“Why’d she do that?” I asked again.
“I don’t know; she just does stupid stuff like that,” he responded.
“Well, I’ve never known anyone like that,” I said.
“Don’t worry about it … she’s just all talk,” Tommy stated.
Somehow Tommy seemed to know just what to say, kind of like Sandy. They both had a way of making everything seem fine. Tommy and I talked all the way to our next class. He told me about all the teachers and the students. He even told me that Lloyd gets on his nerves, but he still hung around him because they were cousins and because Lloyd makes him laugh a lot. 
Just as we approached the room, Tommy stopped and turned to me.  “Are you ready?” he asked.
	“Yeah,” I responded and followed him into the classroom.  The truth was far from being ready for any of this.
	When we walked into the classroom, I noticed that each of the desks was sectioned off in groups of four. I looked over at Tommy, but he was talking to a boy that I had never met. So I walked away from him and took a seat at a group of desks that was empty. Tommy came up and sat across from me. The boy who he was talking to sat next to him. Another girl, who I’d never seen before, came and sat next to me. Then I turned my head towards the door and saw Carmen and Portia walk in with two other girls. I quickly turned my head back around, hoping they wouldn’t see me. But they must have because they came over to where I was sitting and pretended like I wasn’t there. 
“Hey Tommy,” Carmen said with her back turned to me.
“What’s up?” Tommy replied hastily and then continued talking to his friend.
Carmen looked at me and whispered something in Portia’s ear. They both walked away giggling and sat at the group of seats next to ours. Carmen made sure to sit close to Tommy. She sat in the chair across from him so that her back was facing his back, and every time Tommy or I started to talk to each other she would ask him some stupid question. I couldn’t wait for class to start so that I could find a reason to ignore her.
	Finally, Mr. Jones walked into the class. He was a tall man with a big belly that flopped over his pants. Whenever he spoke, he rubbed his fingers over the bald spot on his head. He seemed to know a lot about math and talked to us as if we should also. Kids would have to stop him repeatedly to ask him to explain what he’d said. Mr. Jones went through the class very fast and wasted no time giving us work to do. Luckily for me, the math he was teaching was something I already knew. The other kids were having problems, but his response was always, “You all are in groups for a reason, use each other.” Since I understood the work I helped Tommy and the other people in my group. 
“Dag, how you know all this?” Tommy asked me, sounding impressed.
“I don’t know,” I answered while shrugging my shoulders.
“She’s little miss know-it-all,” Carmen said over Tommy’s shoulder and grinned at Portia.
I bent my head and acted like I didn’t hear her.  But the way Carmen was treating me was starting to hurt my feelings. I don’t know what I did to this girl, but she just wouldn’t leave me alone.  This was all my mother’s fault. At my old school, no one ever picked on me. I couldn’t wait to go home and tell her that my first day was a disaster.




3
GYM TIME
	
Tommy and I had first and second periods together however, for third period, I was on my own.  That was my gym class and I felt a little bit nervous because I’ve never been good in gym or any kind of sports, for that matter. At my old school all we did was run around the playground and maybe do a couple of stretches. But something told me that this school was going to be different. First of all, there wasn’t a playground, just a big gymnasium with bleachers and basketball nets at either end. 
	When I walked into the gymnasium, a lady dressed in blue shorts and a white t-shirt with a whistle around her neck yelled, “Everyone have a seat on the bleachers!” 
	I quickly moved to follow instructions and took a seat. I looked around to see if anyone was here that I knew, hopefully not Carmen or Portia, but there was no one. In my mind, I was glad that finally I could be alone and not have to deal with any more drama.
“Anybody sitting here?” a girl’s voice asked.
“Oh…no.” I said, looking up to see to who the voice belonged to.
“Hi, I’m Tiffany,” she said
“Hi, Tiffany. I’m Zora,” I replied.
“Oh, you’re Zora! I just saw Carina and Licia and they told me about you,” she said.
“They did?” I asked baffled.
“Yeah, they said to look out for you and that you were new,” she answered
“Yeah I... I don’t really know anybody yet,” I said.
“What do you mean? Shoot, you’re part of our crew now,” she said proudly.
“Your crew?” I asked, confused.
“Yeah, our crew - me, Carina and Licia. We’re the three musketeers but now... um ... I guess it could be the four musketeers,” she replied with a chuckle.
I never actually saw myself as part of a crew. All I ever had was Sandy. We were our own crew. Of course, there were other girls we hung around but we never called each other a crew. These girls seemed nice and it felt good having friends. Still, I wondered if I would fit in with the three of them; they had already been friends for so long and maybe they wouldn’t like me as much once they got to know me. 
I wish Sandy was here. It was always easier for her to talk to new people. Like the time we went to camp over the summer for two weeks. We didn’t know anybody else and I was all set to leave it at just the two of us, but not Sandy. She made it her business to meet everyone and before I knew it, we were the two most popular girls at camp. Sandy knew everyone’s name and had gotten all of their numbers before camp was over. If it hadn’t had been for her, I would have spent the entire two weeks all alone. She just knew how to make friends. I’m nothing like her. Now, I guess I just managed to make myself part of crew all on my own and it’s not half bad, these girls are pretty cool. 
“Alright, everyone listen up!” the woman in the shorts and t-shirt yelled. “I’m Mrs. Johnson. This is Mr. Henderson and Mr. Sims.” she continued, gesturing to the two men at her side. 
“This year you will get your choice of three different gym activities. You may either do weight training with Mr. Henderson, flag football with Mr. Sims, or dance aerobics with me. Everyone is welcome to all of these activities; the choice is completely up to you.” 
Tiffany turned to me and said, “Let’s do dance.” 
“Ok,” I replied. There really wasn’t anything else I wanted to do anyway. 
“All those interested in weight training, line up behind Mr. Henderson. All those interested in flag football, line up behind Mr. Simms. And all those interested in dance aerobics, line up behind me,” Mrs. Johnson instructed.
	Tiffany and I got up from where we were sitting and went to line-up behind Mrs. Johnson.  I noticed that all the boys were lined up for either flag football or weight training.  To my surprise, there were also five girls in line for flag football and two for weight training. I silently wished them luck. 
	Mrs. Johnson’s group followed her into a big room filled with mirrors. “Alright, everyone, find a spot on the floor and have a seat,” instructed Mrs. Johnson. 
	“You will go to the locker room at the beginning of third period, change your clothes, and then meet me in this room. We will be learning a combination of aerobics and dance. Not ballet or tap or any of those type of dances. We will be doing high-intensity dance moves to the latest music. So, ladies, feel free to bring in your favorite songs.  As long as I pre-approve it, we can use it during class. Alright?” 
Everyone nodded their heads at Mrs. Johnson. This all seemed kind of strange to me. At my old school, everyone had gym together and it was nothing like this. Even though Mrs. Johnson explained the class, I was still lost. Dance aerobics seemed like something you did for a hobby, not gym class. That’s why I was so scared. I’d never done any kind of dancing before. I just knew that the minute I got up and started trying to dance, everyone would probably laugh at me. 
	I kept trying to figure out how I could get out of this. My first day in this new school and I was about to become known as the black girl without rhythm. Could there possibly be anything worse? I hated this. I wish I had chosen something else. 
“Alright, before we go any further, why don’t you all go to the locker room and pick out your lockers,” Mrs. Johnson said. 
As everyone got up and began running into the locker room, Mrs. Johnson yelled, “You have ten minutes!” 
“Hurry up, Zora so that we can get lockers next to each other,” Tiffany insisted, grabbing my hand and pulling me behind her. 
	As we got to the locker room, Tiffany saw two lockers that were right next to each other. 
	“Oh good... here we go!” she said excitedly. 
	All of the lockers were slightly open and had the lock combinations written on a piece of paper taped to the back of each locker door. We had to remove the paper, close the lockers, and then make sure the combination worked. Mine worked just fine, but Tiffany’s took a little while to open. It took her three tries, but she was finally able to open and close it without any problems. When we were done picking our lockers, we went back into the classroom and sat down on the floor. When everyone had returned to the room, Mrs. Johnson instructed us to stand and stretch. I prayed to myself, Please God, don’t let her have us dance right now. 
“Ok, now that we’re all stretched out, we are going to do a few simple steps,” Mrs. Johnson continued to instruct. 
Uggghhh! WHY DOES GOD HATE ME? Maybe I can raise my hand and ask to go to the bathroom. I could probably hide in there until class was over. Too late; the music started. Maybe I could hide in the back of the class where no one would see me. Oh no! There were too many people behind me; I don’t think I can go back without being noticed.
	Just before I went into full panic mode, Tiffany turned to me and said “Girrrl, I don’t know about this. I mean, I’m not like the best dancer. It’s gonna be something serious.” Hearing Tiffany say that made me feel a little bit better.
“Alright everyone lets go … 1, 2, 3, step, jump, and clap….!” Mrs. Johnson instructed. 
I was trying my best to keep up with the music and the teacher, but I wasn’t doing a good job. I looked around the room to make sure no one was watching me. That’s when I realized for the first time that there was a huge mirror at the front of the room and everyone could see me. When I turned my head, I saw Tiffany and she was doing worse than I was. The way she was moving made me burst out laughing. 
“I don’t know what you’re laughing at! I’m on point!” Tiffany said with a snicker.
“I’m laughing at you,” I said. “What exactly is that move?”
“It’s what the teacher’s doing,” Tiffany replied
“No, it’s not!” I said laughing.
“Wait a minute; you’re not doing much better than me!” Tiffany said while pointing at the way my feet were turning.
“I know, but at least I’m on beat,” I chuckled. 
“No, you’re not!” Tiffany replied while stopping to catch her breath and laugh at me.
I looked into the mirror and could see that everyone else was struggling too. Actually, we were all off beat. But each girl kept trying, laughing at themselves, just like Tiffany and me. That made me relax a little. 
	Tiffany made me feel better about dance class and made it fun for me. Whenever Mrs. Johnson went left, Tiffany went right. She kept bumping into the other girls. The one thing about Tiffany was that she wasn’t afraid to make a fool out of herself. I think she did it just to get a laugh out of people, and it worked because we laughed all the way through class. The crazy moves she made up whenever she messed up made me burst out laughing. I thought for sure we would get in trouble, but we didn’t. It was the first time all day that I enjoyed being at this new school. 
	After a few more minutes, Mrs. Johnson stopped the music and said, “Alright, everyone stop! That was just a sample of what to expect this year. You guys have a few minutes before the bell rings so you can just relax. Please remember to bring a change of clothes tomorrow so that you can keep it in your lockers.” Someone raised their hand and asked, “Mrs. Johnson could we go outside and sit on the bleachers until the bell rings?”  
“Sure, I don’t see why not,” Mrs. Johnson answered.
	Tiffany collapsed on the ground, looked up at me and said, “If this is what this class is going to be like, then I think I’ll end up having a heart attack before the end of the first week.”  I smiled, looking back down at her and asked, “You wanna go sit on the bleachers or are you gonna stay in here?” 
“Um … let’s go and sit on the bleachers,” Tiffany responded. 
	The both of us walked outside as Tiffany continued to crack jokes. The outside bleachers overlooked a big football field. Tiffany led the way onto the silver metal bleachers that shook whenever someone walked on it. While we were sitting there, I figured I should ask her about Carmen and Carina. I hoped she wouldn’t tell me to mind my own business. I decided to ease into it and asked, “So how long have you, Carina, and Licia been friends?” 
“Um … since the fifth grade,” she replied. “Licia and Carina hang out together a lot more because they live close to each other. But we still call each other every day.”
“So, you hate Carmen and Portia too?” I asked a little afraid of her response. 
“I really don’t pay them much attention. My thing is, if I don’t mess with you, then you shouldn’t mess with me,” Tiffany replied in her usual joking way. 
“Well, I don’t think Carmen likes me very much,” I added, trying to find out all I could about Carmen. 
“Why?” Tiffany asked. 
	“I don’t know… I think it’s because Tommy walked me to class.” I answered. 	
	“Oh please, everybody knows that Carmen has the biggest crush on Tommy, but he couldn’t care less about her,” Tiffany replied. 
She was so easy to talk to and made everything seem like it was no big deal. Everything for me was always in full drama mode. I wished I was more like her. I think that’s why I felt more comfortable around Tiffany than I did around Carina and Licia.  
“Hey, you know what else ….” Tiffany said in a whisper. 
“What?” I asked. 
Tiffany looked around, making sure no one else was listening, and said, “Lloyd likes Carina, but you didn’t hear that from me.”
“How do you know that?” I asked her. 
“Because he told me. Well… he didn’t come right out with it, but he did say that he thought she was cute,” Tiffany said. 
“Well, that doesn’t mean that he likes her. Plus, I don’t think Carina likes him at all,” I replied. 
“Are you kiddin’ me?! When a boy says he thinks a girl is cute, that means he likes her,” she insisted.
“Who told you that?” I asked.
“My sister. She’s sixteen, so she knows about these things,” she answered.
I guess Tiffany was right. I mean, I don’t have a big sister to tell me about boys so maybe there’s something to it. I just never knew that when a boy said he thought you were cute that also meant he likes you. All I know is no boys have ever said I was cute. So I guess no boys have ever liked me. Maybe I’m not all that cute, but my father always calls me his pretty little princess. But maybe that means I am daddy pretty and not regular boys pretty. I think there’s a difference. The only thing I know is no boys have ever liked me and maybe they never will. I don’t think that’s a bad thing. Boys act sorta dumb… well, except for Tommy. He was the first boy I met that seemed normal.
	Tiffany just went on talking about everything and everyone. She had a million stories to tell. She should work with the school newspaper as the gossip expert or something. I’ve never known anyone who knew people’s business like she did. I mean she knew who liked or didn’t like whom, who passed and who failed, who lived where, who had money and who didn’t. Just listening to her made me tired. I wondered if she knew all these people well enough that they would tell her all their business or if she just heard them say something and then added in pieces of the story. Actually, some of her stories were kind of interesting and now I knew everything about everyone. Well, everyone except her. She seemed to conveniently leave out her own life story. So I thought I’d take a chance and ask, “How about you?” 
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“I mean, you told me about everyone else, but I don’t really know about you,” I said.
“Well, ‘cause there’s really nothing to know . . . oh, . . . I’m Jamaican.”  She answered. Tiffany’s skin was extremely light and her hair, although short, was pretty wavy. She was very skinny and taller than me, Carina, and Licia. 
“You are?” I asked surprised.
“Yea … well my family is, but I was born here.  Where you from?” Tiffany asked me.
“Here, I’ve never been anywhere else,” I said.
“Well, that’s too bad. I went to Jamaica once and had the coolest time; It was tight,” she said.
Between Tiffany, Carmen, and Carina, I was learning all about the world. I kind of liked it. It was strange, though. I mean, how could Carina, who was darker than me, be Spanish. And Tiffany, well on TV everyone that was Jamaican talked differently and had funny looking hair. I felt so odd because everyone had such interesting backgrounds and I didn’t. I was just the simple girl with a simple family and no real story to tell. There was nothing about me that would make people want to be interested in who I am.  How would I ever be able to fit in? Everyone might find me boring and decide I’m not worth hanging around. Who would blame them? I’m the most ordinary girl you could find. Just as I was beginning to prepare myself for being alone at this new school, the bell rang and Tiffany turned to me saying “Come on, let’s go to our lockers and put our stuff away.”
 “Alright,” I agreed and followed Tiffany as she got off the bleachers and went inside the school.
	We walked to our lockers and put our books away. It just so happenned that Tiffany’s locker was only three lockers down from mine. For some reason that made me feel excited. At least I wouldn’t be all alone. Whenever I needed a friend, I could just go to my locker and Tiffany would be there. It was a pretty good feeling. In a lot of ways, Tiffany was like Sandy. She found it easy to talk to people, no matter who they were. Everyone who passed by her always seemed to stop to have a conversation and Tiffany always had something to talk about. All her conversations seemed to last for hours. At one point, I had to ask, “You ready to go?” But Tiffany was so into what she was saying that she didn’t even hear me. So I just stood there and listened as she talked to the entire school. Finally she stopped talking and said to me “Come on Zora, we are gonna be late for lunch.”  	Tiffany walked down the hallway like it belonged to her. She seemed not to be intimidated by anyone. As for me, every time someone walked past me, I would get a knot in the pit of my stomach. There were just so many people, and like the kids at my bus stop, there were some who were much bigger than me. All I could do was cross my arms and hold on tight to myself. 




4
LUNCH TIME TALES
I followed Tiffany into the cafeteria for lunch. In this new school, lunch was divided in two. In the first thirty minutes, all the 6th graders and some 7th graders ate lunch, while the remaining 7th graders and all the 8th graders had electives. Then in the second thirty minutes, the two groups switched. That really confused me at first, until Tiffany broke it down to me. At my old school, there was only one lunch period. It made things a lot easier. I mean what if you get lost and go to the wrong lunch period? Would you not eat for that day? I just didn’t get it.
	As we walked into the cafeteria, Tiffany did her best to explain how the school works. But it still seemed complicated to me. I liked for things to be simple. This school has so many different things going on that it’s hard for me to keep things straight. 
	“Hey, there’s Carina and Licia.” Tiffany said while pointing to the back of the room. I saw Carina and Licia sitting at the last table in the back of the cafeteria.
“Come on, let’s go,” Tiffany instructed. I didn’t want to. The cafeteria was huge with circular tables that had about six to eight chairs at each one. They were all fixed in rows, which meant that in order to get to where Carina and Licia were sitting we would have to walk through the rows in front of everybody. When I saw Tiffany start to walk, I figured I’d look pretty stupid standing there all by myself. I lowered my eyes to avoid making eye contact with anyone and began following Tiffany.	
When we got to the table, Carina looked at us and said “I saved you guys seats.” Tiffany chose the seat that faced everyone; I guess she wanted to be able to see what everybody was doing. I chose the seat that faced the window even though my back was to everyone. I figured if I can’t see them, then they can’t see me either. Plus, I liked looking out the window.  The table next to us was empty, and I wondered who would sit there. I hoped it wasn’t Carmen and her friends. I didn’t want to have to deal with them during lunch and have it turn into part two of the homeroom episode. Just then Tiffany interrupted my thoughts when she said, “There’s Tommy and them. Oh man,…here comes Carmen and her crew.” 
“Quick,” Carina said, “wave Tommy and his boys over here so that they can sit at that table.” 
Then Tiffany jumped up and yelled, “Tommy, over here!” 
Tommy and his friends began to walk over to where we were sitting. But when Carina saw that Carmen and her girls were also coming over, she jumped up from where she was sitting, went over to the other table and sat in one of the seats. Tiffany took all of our book bags and put them in the remaining seats. 
Carina, Tiffany, and Licia began to laugh, and Tiffany said “Hurry up! Don’t let them sit here.” I guess Carmen and her girls got the message because they went to sit at another table. When Tommy and his friends got to the table, Carina got up and moved all four of our bags. Lloyd noticed what had happened and said “You guys ain’t right.” 
“You need to thank us for saving this table,” Carina responded.
“No, we don’t. Ya’ll just didn’t want Carmen and them sitting here. I oughta go tell them to come sit with us,” Lloyd said and made a motion like he was about to walk over to where Carmen was sitting.
“You oughta, but you won’t,” Tiffany said.
“Besides, she won’t sit with you, anyway,” Licia added.
“She would if I tell her Tommy wants her to,” Lloyd said.
“Whatever,” Carina said, rolling her eyes at Lloyd. “Come on, let’s leave our bags here and get our lunch,” she continued. 
Tommy and his friends came with us. As we were walking Tommy came up behind me and said, “What’s up, Zora?”  
“Hey, Tommy,” I said. 
I was so excited that Tommy spoke to me. He was the only one that I could talk to. Well, except for Tiffany. But then I didn’t really talk to her, I mainly listened to all her stories. But Tommy was different; he listened to me and seemed to be interested in what I had to say. I was very relaxed around him; he always had a smile on his face and made me feel better about this whole thing. 
“How’s your day been so far?” Tommy asked me.
“Ok, I guess. Everything’s just so different here,” I responded.
“How you mean?” he asked.
“I don’t know, just different,” I said not wanting Tommy to know how I truly felt. 
“Well, you’ll get use to it, it’s not that bad,” he said.
While Tommy and I were standing in line to get our lunch, Carmen and her friends came up behind us. I got so nervous my stomach started doing flips. Tiffany, Carina, and Licia were way ahead of me. I hope she doesn’t start anything.
“What’s up, Tommy?” Carmen said while getting in line behind him. 
“Hey,” Tommy nodded back at her. 
“What’s up, new girl?” she said with an attitude. I didn’t respond; I just turned to face the front of the line. 
“Dang girl, you could at least speak,” Portia said. 
I still didn’t want to turn around. I kept praying that they would forget that I was even there. Just then, Lloyd, who was standing in front of me turned around and said, “Are ya’ll about to throw down cause I ain't trying to miss that?” 
“Ain’t nobody messing with Little Miss Preppy Princess,” Carmen said while cutting her eyes at me. 
Tiffany turned to see what was going on. When she saw that Carmen and Portia were bothering me, she came over and grabbed my hand saying, “Girl, come on, you can get in front of me.” I was so glad she did that, I thought I was going to have to stand there and deal with Carmen all by myself. 
“Thanks,” I said to Tiffany.
“Don’t worry about it, that’s what friends are for,” she responded.
“What’s going on?” Carina asked.
“Carmen starting stuff again,” Tiffany replied.
Carina turned her head and looked right at Carmen. When their eyes met, Carmen yelled “Can I help you?!”
“Yea,” Carina yelled back, “leave my friend alone!” 
I thought Carina was about to run over to Carmen and hit her or something, but a male teacher who was standing nearby walked over and asked, “Is there a problem here?” 
“Um… everything’s cool.” Tommy said so that Carmen or Carina wouldn’t get into trouble. 
“Well, I hope so. Try and use your inside voices, please,” the teacher said and then walked away.
	After we got our lunches, we all went back to our tables. I felt like a big scaredy-cat because Tiffany and Carina had to fight my battle. But I’ve never been in a fight before. I don’t even think I knew how to fight. Tommy probably thought I was such a punk. He probably would never speak to me again. It might be a good thing because ever since I met these people, it’s been nothing but drama. I don’t even know what I did to Carmen. I wished she would just leave me alone.
“Someone needs to knock Carmen out,” Tiffany said.
“They sho’ do,” Licia agreed.
“If she don’t watch herself, it might be me,” Carina said. 
“Hey, I bet if you step to her she’ll back down,” Tiffany told me.
“I’m not like that,” I responded.
“I know, but you can’t let her talk to you all crazy like she do,” Carina said.
“All you have to do is say something to her just one good time and she’ll back down.” Licia added.
“Yea, girl! She tried the same mess with me, I had to cuss her out,” Tiffany said while snapping her fingers.
“I don’t know; that’s just not me,” I told them.
“Look girl, it really ain’t all about Carmen. If you let people talk to you all crazy then they always will,” Tiffany said.
“Well, don’t even worry about it, Zora, we got your back,” Carina said.
I have no idea how to step to someone. I mean what if Carmen gets angrier at me and like, beats me up or something? I’ll just stick to my old plan of ignoring her and all of her friends. Maybe they’ll get the hint and just leave me alone. I can’t believe this is my first day and already I have to deal with all these problems. This is what I was afraid of. I can’t wait until I get home and tell my mom I TOLD YOU SO. Wait ‘til I tell her that a girl, who I barely knew, hates me and picks on me every chance she gets. Maybe then she’ll let me go back to my old school. But knowing my mother she’ll probably tell me just to give it a chance and everything will be alright. The same thing she’d been telling me all summer long. I hated when she told me to give something a chance. She had a way of making my issues seem like they didn’t matter at all. I wished I could have recorded my entire day so that she could see that this new school was not right for me at all.
	After lunch was over we had to go to our electives. Licia, Lloyd, and I had Art class. Tiffany, Carina and Tommy had Music Appreciation. I was excited about Art class because I love to draw. I am sure that this class will be much better than the others. Hopefully, I can show my new friends that I am good at something. Plus, I am really happy that I’ll be with Licia since she’s a little more like me. I mean, she’s not all in your face like Tiffany and Carina. She’s kind of quiet. At least I’ll be drama free for a while. When Licia and I walked into the classroom, Lloyd was already there messing with people and being his usual annoying self. We decided not to sit near him. I’m learning that it’s always a good idea to keep your distance from Lloyd if you can. Licia picked a table in the front of the room. This was fine with me because I always sat in the front…well, except for today. 
“I love art,” Licia said.
“Me, too,” I responded
“Did you take art at your last school?” Licia asked.
“Yeah,” I answered. “We learned all kinds of stuff. It was like, the best class.”
“Don’t tell anybody, but I always wanted to be a fashion designer. My aunt makes dresses and sometimes I go to her job and copy the sketches,” Licia told me.
 “Wow! How come you don’t want anybody to know?” I asked.
“I don’t know. Sometimes people just don’t understand stuff,” she replied.
“Well, I think it’s cool,” I said smiling at Licia.  
She bent her head and tried to hide her grin. I guess she must trust me to tell me her secret.
	Just before the last bell rang signaling the start of class, the door opened and in walked my worst nightmare: Carmen. Even though she was by herself, she still made me nervous. I started to slide down in my seat so that I could hide behind my desk. 
	Licia must have seen me trying to hide because she leaned over to me and whispered, “Don’t worry about her, she ain't about nothing.” 
	I don’t know if I was embarrassed that Licia saw me or if what she said made a difference, but I sat up straight in my chair and faced the front of the room. But I was still so nervous. What would I do if she started messing with me again? I mean, Licia was nice and all, but every time Carmen started with me it was always Tiffany or Carina who would protect me.
	“Hello everyone, my name is Mrs. Williamson and I will be your Art teacher,” the teacher said as she walked around the room. 
	Mrs. Williamson continued telling us about what she expected from us and what to expect from her. She showed us different pieces of art that were created by her former students and then she told us about the importance of art. I guess she wanted us to understand why we were taking the class. The whole time she spoke she never once raised her voice and no one made a sound to interrupt her, not even Lloyd. She looked everyone in the eyes, as if she was talking to each individual person, rather than the whole class. I liked Mrs. Williamson.
	When she was done speaking, she asked, “Has anyone ever taken an Art class before?” I raised my hand and told her all about the art classes I had taken since the 3rd grade and what I’d learned. It felt pretty good to have the whole class listen to me and to see Mrs. Williamson look at me with a big smile on her face. I finally felt comfortable. That was until I heard a voice behind me say “Show off.” When I turned my head to see who it was, there was Carmen sitting there looking at me with a big smirk on her face. With one single comment, she made my moment disappear. I was so angry at her for that. For the first time today I had finally felt happy and she ruined it. I had finally had enough. I stood up, looking Carmen directly in the eyes and yelled, “If you don’t shut up and leave me alone, I swear I’ll slap you silly!”  
“What?!” she yelled back. 
“You heard me!” I screamed. “I don’t know what I did to you or why you don’t like me … I don’t even care… just back off!”
	Everyone started laughing, especially Lloyd, who began yelling, “Carmen, you got cussed out! I bet you feel stupid now.” 
	Mrs. Williamson walked over to us and told the class to settle down. Then she instructed us to follow her into the hallway. 
	While out there she said, “Ladies, I trust that will be the first and the last time that you both display that sort of behavior in my classroom.”
 Carmen shouted, “But I didn’t do anything!” 
“This is not up for discussion,” Mrs. Williamson said. 
	I apologized to Mrs. Williamson for what I had done. If my mother had been there, I probably would be on my way to the Emergency Room.
	Mrs. Williamson told us to go back into the classroom. When I went to sit down Licia grabbed my hand and asked, “Are you ok?” 
“Yeah, I’m fine,” I answered. 
But I wasn’t fine, I was embarrassed. What would people think of me and what if Carmen decided to call my bluff? I sat very quiet for the rest of the class period. A couple of times I wanted to raise my hand and ask to go into the bathroom just so I could cry my eyes out, but I figured I better not draw any more attention to myself.
	When the bell rang, Licia and I started putting our stuff together when Mrs. Williamson said “Zora, please stay. I would like to speak with you for a moment.”  
	Licia turned to me and said, “I’ll wait for you outside.” I nodded yes and began to walk slowly over to Mrs. Williamson’s desk. 
	Mrs. Williamson folded her arms across her desk and looked up at me in a very serious way. I thought that this couldn’t possibly be good. But then she asked, “It’s kind of tough being the new kid, isn’t it?”
“Yes, it is,” I answered.
“Well, let me give a little advice -- in order to get respect from others, you have to first respect yourself. Yelling and carrying on the way you did is not the way to respect yourself,” she said.
“Honestly, Mrs. Williamson, I couldn’t care less about Carmen respecting me. I just want her to leave me alone,” I responded.
“Listen, sweetie, it’s a fact of life that wherever you go, whatever you do, people will always try and test you. They only win whenever you let them get the best of you. Do you understand me?” she asked.
“Yes, I do,” I answered.
“Alright, go ahead to your next class and I’ll see you tomorrow,” she said.
“Bye, Mrs. Williamson,” I replied and walked out the room.
Outside Licia anxiously waited for me. When I came out she asked, “Did you get into trouble?” 
“No, she just wanted to talk to me,” I replied. 
“Oh that’s good… I guess,” she said. 
As we walked down the hallway, I thought about what Mrs. Williamson had said. Even though she made a lot of sense, I couldn’t help but to feel satisfied at myself. For the first time all day, I had stood up to Carmen and told her exactly what I thought. It was the best feeling in the whole world.  




	

5
This Is So Not Cool
Licia left me alone in the hallway to go to her next period class. But for the first time all day, I wasn’t at all panicky. I walked a little bit more confidently. Not because I thought I was all that or anything or because I started to like the school. But because for once in my life I stood up for myself. Maybe Carmen might come out of nowhere and kick my butt. At least I’ll have that one moment before it happens. I did think about what Mrs. Williamson said about respecting myself and I know my mother would be so mad if she was here, but I think standing up for myself is respecting myself.  I mean, I ignored her all day and didn’t go after her like Carina did, and still she kept bothering me. I know that I probably looked stupid yelling at her, but it had to be done. If I was going to stay at this new school, I couldn’t let Carmen scare me all the time or wait for Tiffany and Carina to bail me out of tight situations. I had to learn to take care of myself. Even if it means getting my butt kicked, although, I hoped it wouldn’t come to that. But if it did, I had to stand my ground. I can’t be a punk all of my life. I guess that’s the only good thing that this school taught me: that I’m a punk and I need to be stronger. At my old school, I never had to deal with things like this, so I never knew that I was a punk. There everybody liked me and no one treated me the way Carmen did. I was never afraid of being in a fight and I never screamed at someone in the middle of class. That was so tacky. Thinking about it now; I don’t know who that girl was cause it sure wasn’t me. 
	As I walked to my next class, I thought more about what Mrs. Williamson had said. Then I heard a voice call from behind me, “Zora, may I see you for a moment, please?” It was Ms. Smith, my homeroom teacher. I was sure that she heard about what happened and was about to read me the riot act. I took my time walking into her classroom. It was like going into the dungeon of death. I knew what was coming, but I had no way of stopping it. 
“Do you know why I called you in here?” Ms. Smith asked as she sat on the edge of her desk with her arms folded, looking down on me as if I were a tiny insect she was about to squash.
“Um…no.” I answered slowly and cautiously.
“I called you in here because of the paper you wrote this morning,” she said answering her own question.
Ms. Smith’s face grew softer and more inviting. She seemed almost excited and I wondered what I wrote to have pleased her so much. It was only a story about my stupid summer vacation. What was so good about that?
“You did?” I asked her.
“Yes, I thought your paper was very well written. You have a wonderful way of putting words together,” Ms. Smith explained.
“I do?” I said again not sure what my response should be. 
“Yes, you do,” Mrs. Smith answered. “I don’t know if you know this, but every year I pick several students and enter them in a city-wide writing contest.”
My mouth fell open. I was hoping that Mrs. Smith didn’t just say that she was going to enter my stupid paper in a contest for everyone to see. As if my life wasn’t bad enough, now she was going to make me seem as if I was some sort of a nerd.
“I don’t know, Mrs. Smith, I’m not…” I tried to find the words to say “NO, NEVER, DON’T YOU EVEN THINK ABOUT IT.” But it wouldn’t come out.
“Listen, just think about it. We have some time before the deadline.” Ms. Smith said. But it seemed that if I were to tell her no, she would find another way to convince me in the end so that my stupid paper would be on display.
“And you don’t have to enter this paper. You could write something else, you know, whatever you want,” Ms. Smith continued, without realizing how uncomfortable I was becoming. 
“I… I,” started to say while shaking my head.
“Just think about it,” Ms. Smith interrupted.    
I nodded my head and turned to leave. How could she do this to me? I wondered. It was bad enough that I had to deal with Carmen making me look like a fool in front of everybody, now I have to deal with Mrs. Smith making me look like a nerdy know-it-all. How would I be able to get people to like me if they think of me that way? No one likes a know-it-all and in this new school being cool is all that matters. Nerds are not cool. People like Tommy are cool. Even Lloyd is cool. Me, I’m going to be the nerd of middle school and since I’m just starting that means I’m going to have it hard forever. Thanks a lot, Ms. Smith. I have got to think of a way to get out of entering that ridiculous contest or else my life will be completely over. 
	I got to my next class, which was a science class, and saw Carina was already there. She waved me over to her and moved some books off the seat that she was saving for me. I slowly walked over to Carina and debated whether or not to tell her about what just happened with Mrs. Smith. I wondered how she would take it. Carina was one of those cool kids who saw something like this as being stupid. She’d probably think I’m stupid for even considering doing it, and I wouldn’t blame her. It was stupid and I had to find a way to get out of it before anyone found out. I would just have to go to Ms. Smith and tell her that I’m not interested. Hopefully I wouldn’t freeze up and let her talk me into it. I would just have to explain to her how hard my life is at this new school and that entering that contest would make it worse. Then I would beg her to enter someone else and leave me completely out of it. She’s a human being; she would have to listen to reason, right? 
My hands were shaking so much that the only way to keep them still was to grab hold of the necklace my father gave me. I had tucked it into my blouse so that no one would know I had it on but me, but right now I needed something to keep me calm. The more I rubbed it, the more I began to forget where I was. That was until Carina nudged me with her elbow.
“I know,” she whispered to me.
My heart began to beat so fast that it was almost hard for me to breathe. I wondered how she could have possibly known about my conversation with Ms. Smith so soon. It just happened. I mean dag; does she have the whole place bugged or something?
“You do?” I asked softly.
“Yeah, Licia told me everything before class.” Carina answered like I should have already known that.
“How did she know?” I asked and searched my brain to see if it was possible for Licia to have heard me talking with Ms. Smith.
“’Cause she was in the class.” Carina responded in a duh sort of way.
I thought quickly to myself and then realized that Carina wasn’t talking about what happened with Ms. Smith. She was talking about what happened with Carmen. I had forgotten all about that for a while.
“Oh, that,” I replied kind of disappointed that that subject had come up again.
“Yeah, that,” Carina said. “You should’ve slapped her right across her face.”
“I don’t think I could have gone that far,” I told her.
“Well, you should have; she deserved it,” Carina said with an attitude as she cut her eyes.
“It’s over now, so….I was just mad, that’s all….no big deal.” I tried to make the whole thing seem like it didn’t matter, but it did. I had stood up for myself and that meant a lot to me. 
“Well, I think Carmen knows not to mess with you anymore,” Carina said with a smirk. “Hey, what did you think I was talking about before?” Carina looked at me very confused.
“Oh…um…nothing,” I said trying to cover up.
“Zora, friends tell each other everything,” Carina said with a look that urged me to spill my guts. I truly didn’t want to say anything to her, but I also didn’t want her to think we weren’t friends. Then again, if I told her she probably wouldn’t want to be my friend anymore, anyway. I figured the best thing to do was to just tell her and brace myself for whatever came next. After all, I had no expectation of this day getting any better.
“It’s nothing really, just that Ms. Smith wants to enter my paper into a stupid contest that’s all.” I waited for Carina to burst into laughter and swear that something like that was the corniest thing she’d ever heard. But she didn’t. Actually she didn’t say anything for a while. Then finally, a look came across her face as if she was in deep thought. 
“I think that was the same contest Licia was in last year, but she didn’t win though. Shoot, if I could write good, I’d probably enter myself. I think you win money or something.”  While Carina was explaining I began to think that I made a big deal out of nothing. I was worried for no reason. Licia did it and she was still friends with Carina and she’s part of the cool kids. Maybe the contest won’t be a bad idea after all, especially if I win money. Then again, even though Carina and the rest of the girls think its cool doesn’t mean Carmen and her friends will. This might end up being another thing they tease me over. Carmen already thinks I’m a show off. Who knows what she’ll think of me entering the contest?  That contest was one more problem that I just didn’t need right now.
	When class was over, Carina and I walked into the hallway. As we strolled towards our next class, Carina rattled on about how evil Carmen was and how much she deserved to have me tell her off the way I did. She seemed so excited. Every time she talked about it her entire face would light up. It was as if she’d been waiting for someone other than her to tell Carmen where to go and how fast to get there. In a way, I was kind of glad that I could be that person. Carina and her friends had been really nice to me all day. So if losing my cool with Carmen made them happy, then it was fine with me.
“Hey, what class you got next?” Carina asked once she finally stopped talking about Carmen.
“Oh…um, Spanish,” I answered.
“You know how to get there?” she asked again.
“Yeah, I think I do,” I replied looking around to make sure I knew where I was.
“Alright cool, I’ll see you later then.” Carina said as she turned to walk the opposite direction.
“Bye.” I called after her and gave the hallway another look to make sure I wouldn’t get lost.
I walked straight down the hall and then down two flights of stairs to the lower level of the building. I was pretty familiar with that part of the building since math class with Tommy was next door to where Spanish class was supposed to be. I looked around and turned every corner with caution for fear that I might run into Tommy. For some reason, the person I looked forward to seeing the most was now the one I didn’t want to run into. If he had heard about what happened with me and Carmen, then maybe his opinion of me might have changed. I just didn’t want to have to deal with him looking at me like I was some kind of a crazy girl or something.  But my efforts to avoid Tommy didn’t go off without a hitch. The moment I turned the corner to go towards my class, there was Tommy standing right outside my classroom door. I quickly went back around the corner and leaned up against the wall. I would peek every now and then to see if he had left but he was still standing there surrounded by a group of boys. 
“God . . . leave already,” I said out loud to myself. But he just kept standing there and talking. I knew that Tommy didn’t have Spanish class with me so I couldn’t understand why he picked that spot to stand and hold a conversation with all his boys.  When the bell rang signaling the start of class, Tommy finally left with his friends. I took a deep breath and bolted for the classroom. I didn’t stop running until I hit my seat. I looked around the classroom and noticed that for the first time all day, it was just me in class. There was no one there that I knew and I was relieved. Now I could think for myself and decide how I felt about everything. No one would be able to tell me how I was feeling or what I should do or say. Of course, class wasn’t the best place to think about all my personal issues, but I knew Spanish already so I figured I could afford to drift off for a little while. Besides, I hadn’t even decided whether or not I like this new school or not. When I get home today and my mom asks me what I thought, I needed to have an answer and right now I didn’t. The only thing I knew was that I had one drama- filled day so far. The bad thing was I didn’t think I could really explain to my mom why I didn’t like the school. If I say, “Mom, please don’t make me go back,” she will surely ask me why and then I would have to explain. Then she would get mad that I got into trouble my first day and make me come back just to punish me even more. There was no way I was going to win this one. I sat in Spanish class, staring out the window. I felt so trapped. There was absolutely no way out of my misery.     




6
ALL TOGETHER NOW
The last class of the day was Social Studies with Mr. Fields. For the first time, I felt like I could breathe and not have to be scared of running into Carmen or wondering what cruel thing she would say to me. I was calm and ready for anything, but I did wonder what everybody was saying. Did they think I was just as mean as Carmen or would they understand that I finally had enough of her messing with me? Regardless, I felt totally in control, ready for whatever anybody had to say to me.
	I was alone on the walk to my final class, which was alright with me because I pretty much knew my way around by now. Walking through the hallways was nice. Suddenly, everybody seemed to know my name. Everyone I passed yelled out, “Hey, Zora!” I didn’t know if it was because I was hanging around Carina and her crew or if it was because I had stood up to Carmen. Whatever the reason, I was becoming one of the popular cool kids and I kind of liked it. At the beginning of the day, I was a nobody, and now everyone knew me. It felt pretty good. Still, I couldn’t help but think about what Mrs. Williamson had said. I want people to like me, but not because they were scared that I would attack them. I didn’t want them to get the wrong idea about me because of what happened with Carmen. That was a one shot deal and I don’t think I have the nerves to do that again.
	When I got to the classroom, I saw Carina, Licia, and Tiffany sitting at the back of the room, as usual. “Hey Zora, come over here!” shouted Carina. She had already said what she thought about what happened, but I knew that Tiffany would be the one to push the story over the top. Just as I thought, by the time I sat down Tiffany said,   “Oh my God, Zora, you need to tell us what happened.” 
“Nothing happened, really.” I said trying not to make a big deal of the situation.
“Nothing happened?” Carina asked. “Girl, you still trying to act like that? You know you told Carmen off,” she continued while snapping her fingers and laughing. 
“It wasn’t like that,” I said. 
“Yes it was, you went off on her,” Licia added. “Ya’ll, Carmen was so scared.”  
“I bet she was … I told ya’ll she was a punk,” Tiffany said with a satisfied look on her face. The way they were acting made me laugh. I don’t know why they were so happy that I went after Carmen like that. 
“Man, I wish I could’ve seen Carmen’s face!” Tiffany proclaimed.
“She looked like she was about to cry. It was awesome!” Licia added while giving Carina a high five and laughing. 
“Man, you should have knocked her out hard!” Carina said as she made a fist with her right hand.
She must not know that I can’t fight to save my life. My objective was not to fight Carmen, but only to scare her enough so that she would leave me alone. So all that craziness they’re talking does not apply to me in the least.
	The more they talked the more I heard Mrs. Williamson’s voice in my head saying how that’s not the way to get others to respect you. Maybe she’s right. I wasn’t sure if Carina, Licia, and Tiffany respected me or if they just liked hearing about someone fighting. Whatever the reason, I didn’t feel all that great about it anymore.
“What are you guys doing after school?” I asked trying to change the topic.
“Well, I got homework, so I can’t do much of anything,” Carina said, but judging from the look on her face I suspected she was still thinking about Carmen and what she wished had happened.
“On the first day?” Tiffany asked. “From who?” 
“Mr. Peterson,” Carina said with a look of disgust on her face.
“Oh, he’s a bum,” Tiffany said while sucking her teeth.
“You know what we should do?” Licia looked around at the three of us.
“What?” we all asked her.
“We should Skype each other!” she answered excitedly.
“That’s a good idea.” Carina agreed.
Being able to talk to all of them after school sounded great. It would probably keep me from having to deal with my mother. But come to think of it, she probably won’t let me talk for a long time, if at all. Maybe I could explain to her how much I really like these girls. Of course, they were really different from my friends at my old school, especially Sandy. But it was a good different. Take Tiffany for example - she’s really funny and talkative, but I could tell her anything. She might tell everybody else, but at least she’ll listen. As for Carina, she is such a tough girl, always sticking up for me and has no problem telling people off. And Licia is always trying to make things better by being calm and agreeable with everyone else. The three of them fit perfectly together. I don’t know what my role would be or how I will be able to fit in with them. That made me a little anxious and I started to wiggle around in my seat. I watched them talk to each other so easily and the three of them just seemed to fit like they were meant to be friends. They complimented each other. I was the odd man out, the stray they found wondering around all alone and now they just let it hang with them because it had no place else to go. 
	I don’t think I’m all that fun to be around. I’m sort of boring and not the most popular or prettiest girl in school. I didn’t know why they should even like me or want to include me in their clique. But most importantly, I didn’t understand why they stuck up for me today. It’s just so weird that these girls would want to be around me. Don’t get me wrong, I totally like being included, but I keep waiting for them to say, “Um, you are not cool enough to hang with us.” But they haven’t said that all day. Instead, they want to include me in their Skype conversation after school. THEY MUST BE CRAZY! Or maybe I am.
“Hey Zora, you need to give us your number and Skype username,” Tiffany said taking out her cell phone.
“Are you ok?” Licia asked me when she noticed my hesitation.
“I’m fine,” I answered as I began to tell Tiffany my information. 
“Did you get into trouble because of what happened between you and Carmen?” Carina asked. That was the first time she asked me and it seemed like she was really worried.
“Oh no, Mrs. Williamson just wanted me to be careful with how I handle myself,” I answered.
“What does that mean, how you handle yourself?” Carina asked again.
“She just meant that people won’t always respect someone who goes off on other people all the time,” I answered.
“Tell her to get a clue,” Tiffany said. “That’s so not you. You should’ve told her about how Carmen been messing with you this whole day.”
	“I don’t think it would have made a difference,” I said shrugging my shoulders.
	“Probably not,” Tiffany agreed, “but at least it’s a reason.”
	“Well, at least you didn’t get into trouble,” Carina added.
I turned my head to look out the classroom window and thought about the situation. I wondered how someone who barely knows you could hate you so much. It wasn’t as if I didn’t know that coming to a new school I would have some problems. But I didn’t think it would be like this. I’ve never had to confront anybody like that before. It was such a horrible feeling. But why didn’t Carmen like me? She went out of her way to make me feel bad. If I didn’t have my three new friends, I would have probably spent the whole day hiding in the bathroom stall. 
“Hello…Zora…do you want to be lab partners?” Tiffany asked, waving her hands in front of my face trying to get my attention.
“What?” I asked confused at her question.
“Mr. Fields said we all needed to partner up … didn’t you hear him?” Tiffany asked with a smile.
“No, not really,” I replied, embarrassed.
“He said everyone should get partners for the projects we have to do this year,” Licia explained.
“Oh …okay…yeah, Tiffany, we can be partners,” I said as I awoke from my daze.
“Ok girl, you better wake up in Mr. Fields’ class… he don’t play,” Tiffany warned me.
“Yeah, he drops crazy assignments on people out of nowhere,” Carina explained as she was taking notes off the board. 
	I was so embarrassed. I hadn’t heard a word Mr. Fields said. I didn’t even know what this new project was all about or why we needed partners. I guess Tiffany would have to explain it to me later.  It would probably be a good idea to pay more attention in this class. God forbid . . . Mr. Fields should ask me a question.  I took out my notebook and began to copy everything that was on the board. I wasn’t sure about the order, but I figured I could fix it later.  This class was pretty interesting once I started to pay attention. Mr. Fields really knew what he was talking about and he encouraged class participation. Even if you didn’t raise your hand, he would call on you to give an answer. I was glad that Tiffany got me out of my daydream; otherwise, I would have been a lot more embarrassed than I am now. The rest of the class was filled with a lot of information about our project and by the end of class I understood what needed to be done.
	By the time the bell rang, I was relieved that the day was over. I had gone through so many different experiences today, I’m surprised I made it through.  First, I had to take that stupid yellow bus. Then I met Carina, Licia, and everybody else. And to top it off, I had all those problems with Carmen. This day took a lot out of me and I’m glad it was time to go home. All this would never have happened to me if I was at my old school. My day would have been calm without any drama. The people at my new school were crazy and when I tell my mother what my day was like, she’s sure to send me back to my old school. Especially since I sort of got into trouble. She would probably be surprised at how I acted. I can hear her now, “Zora, how could you behave that way?! I’m so disappointed.” Maybe I won’t tell her. But what if Mrs. Williamson called her, then she’ll really be mad. I hope she’ll understand what Carmen put me through today. After the four of us left the classroom, Licia and Carina went in one direction toward their lockers, and Tiffany and I went to ours.
	When I got to my locker to take out books so that I could go home, I saw Tommy at his locker. I turned my head quickly again. With no place to hide, I buried my head in my locker so that he wouldn’t see me. Every now and then I would peek to see if he was still there. Before I could finish gathering my things, I heard someone yell, “Zora I’ll see you outside!” It was Tiffany and she had blown my cover. I took my head out of my locker only to see Tommy standing right beside me. 
“Hey, Zora,” Tommy greeted me with a welcoming grin. 
“Hi, Tommy,” I said with my head bent down. I closed my locker and turned my back to him and began walking away. Tommy followed closely behind me as if he realized that I was trying to get rid of him, but refused to leave.
“So, are you alright?” he asked trying to look me in the eye. 
“What do you mean?” I wanted to sound like I didn’t know what he was talking about but somehow I did.
“Well… I heard what happened with Carmen,” he responded in a low tone.
“Oh, you did?” I said, horrified that he knew.
“Yeah, Lloyd filled me in,” he chuckled slightly.
“Oh no. What did he say?” I asked him.
“Nothing, really, he just said that you and Carmen went at it,” Tommy answered.
“You must think I’m this crazy person.” I finally stopped walking so that he could see how pathetic I was.
“No, I think that Carmen deserved it,” he replied.
“You do?” I said, confused.
“Yeah, she’s always got something smart to say to someone,” He replied.
“I thought that you might think that I … well … you know,” I said and looked up at him with a smile.
“No … Carmen has issues. She needed someone to cuss her out like that,” he said and smiled back at me. 
“Thanks,” I said softly and started to walk again.
I could feel myself getting really nervous and the smile on my face didn’t seem to want to go away. 
	Tommy walked by me all the way outside and was never more than an arm’s length away. I liked having him near.  As people told him goodbye, they said the same to me. The coolest thing was that our names were being use in the same sentence. I let myself think of Tommy as my boyfriend. But that was crazy because he probably thought of me as a girl who was just a friend.
“Hey, which one’s your bus?” Tommy asked me when we were finally outside.
“Oh…um…that one,” I pointed to the first bus where Carina and Licia were standing.
“Okay, well I guess I’ll see you tomorrow,” Tommy said before walking away.
I stood for a moment watching Tommy, wearing a goofy smile that would not leave my face. Then I heard Carina yell, “Zora, come on!” 
	Before I could get to my new friends, I heard someone else yell “Zora!” I turned to see my mother parked beside one of the buses. I was so surprised to see her there. I thought she was going to make me take the bus both ways. 
“Zora, are you coming?” Carina yelled back at me again.
“Um, my mom’s here,” I yelled back.
“Oh okay. We’ll call you later!” Licia screamed as she went to get on the bus.
	Carina gave me a wave and a smile and then she got on the bus behind Licia. I went to my mother’s car and got in.  My mother sat stiffly, looking at me with a stupid looking grin on her face. 
“Hi, mom,” I told her.
“Hi,” My mother replied. “So how was it?”
I thought for a minute and said the first thing that came to my mind, “Good.”
“Good. That’s it, just good?” she asked, still looking at me.
“Yeah, that’s it,” I looked back at her and gave her a half grin.
“Oh…ok…good…that’s good,” she said shaking her head.
When my mom began to drive off, I turned to look at the big building that caused me so many problems. I wanted so badly to hate it, but all I could do was smile.





7
My New Special Friends
As soon as the car stopped in my driveway, I jumped out and ran to my room so that I could begin my homework. I didn’t want to give my mother any excuse to not allow me to talk to Carina and the girls when they called me. I sat at my desk and did every piece of homework I had. I didn’t even allow my mind to wander off like I usually did. I remained focused so that I could finish quickly. For the most part, the homework I had was pretty easy, and before I knew it, I was done. Then I changed out of my school clothes, laid across my bed and waited for the phone to ring. After a while, I figured that they had probably forgotten all about me or maybe they decided they didn’t want to include me in their crew.
“Zora!” My mother called to me as she slowly push opened my door.
“Yes, mom?” I answered and sat up on my bed.
“Is your homework done?” she asked.
“Yeah, it wasn’t anything much.” I replied.
“Oh, that’s good.” My mother responded. She looked like she wanted to say something else, but changed her mind. “Well, I made a snack for you and Dorian. Would you like to come down and have some?”
“No, I’m okay,” I answered. 
Honestly, I was a little bit hungry, but I was also scared that the moment I started to do something Carina and the girls would call. I didn’t want to miss it.
“Do you want to talk about your day?” my mother asked me.
“No, not really,” I answered. With everything that I went through today the last thing I needed was to have to explain it all to my mother.
“Well, okay then. You can tell me whenever you’re ready.” My mother had a look of disappointment on her face. Maybe, she really wanted to know. I just didn’t want to tell her anything. She continued to insist that I come downstairs “At least come and get a snack. It’s going to be a while before dinner is ready.”
“Alright,” I agreed hesitantly.
My mother would not allow me to just sit in my room doing nothing, so I figured it would be easier if I just went along with what she wanted. I got off my bed and followed her downstairs into the kitchen. Mom had already put a plate of snacks on the table. I sat down next to my brother. He mostly played with his food and giggled a lot. I watched as my mother busied herself in the kitchen making dinner for us. I wanted so badly to tell her what happened to me at school but for some reason my mouth couldn’t form the words. I stared at her trying to make myself talk until finally I softly said, “Mom?”
 “Yes?” she answered, but not turning around to look at me.
“I…I...” my cell phone rang and interrupted me. Or maybe it saved me. I jumped out of my seat and ran into my room; I wanted to be nice and comfortable when I started to talk.
 	“Hello?” I answered.
“Hey, Zora, go turn on your Skype,” Carina’s voice said through the phone.
“OK.” I ran and turned on my computer. I was so excited that they called me. These girls actually considered me as one of their friends!
	I sat at my desk and watched as each of their faces popped up. We talked about every possible thing. Tiffany told us all the stories she heard about everyone at the school. She knew everything and explained each story as if she was right there when it happened. I wondered how she was able to get people to tell her all their business. You would think they’d know that she was going to tell any and everybody. I guess they were like me and realized how easy it is to talk to Tiffany. People like that make you forget that they have such a big mouth. I felt kind of guilty listening to other people’s personal business, but the way Tiffany told each story made me want to know what happened next. 
“Ya’ll, did you hear about that eighth-grade girl Sasha?” Tiffany asked.
“The one who always wears all that make-up and short skirts?” Carina responded.
“Yeah, her. Well, she was walking down the eighth-grade hallway and slipped and fell. That boy Jerome who is supposed to be her boyfriend walked right passed her and left her on the ground. Her face was bright red with embarrassment,” Tiffany explained.
“I thought Jerome went with that girl Silvia, the one in the seventh grade?” Licia asked.
“No girl, they went together over the summer, now he goes with Sasha…well, maybe, not anymore,” Tiffany told her.
“Besides, I think Silvia goes with Bobby. He’s so hot,” Carina added.
“He sho’ is,” Licia agreed.
“Ya’ll shouldn’t even worry about him cause I heard he don’t mess with sixth-grade girls,” Tiffany informed them.
“Why not, what’s wrong with us?” Carina asked her, sounding offended.
“I don’t know, he just don’t,” Tiffany answered. 
	I listened intently as they talked about who was going out with whom. This type of talk was really new to me because I never knew anyone who had a boyfriend or even had one myself. I didn’t know what I could possibly add to the conversation. I was afraid that the moment I opened my mouth to speak, something really stupid would come out. So I said nothing at all and only listened and laughed when everyone else laughed. Once in a while I’d give a “Are you serious?” response just so they’d know that I was interested. 
	As I was talking, I heard my dad yell out, “I’m home!” 
“We’re in here!” my mother yelled back. 
I guess my mother told my dad where I was because he came into my bedroom and stood over me. 
“Hi, sweetheart,” My father greeted me.
I turned my head to look him in the face and smiled. I didn’t want to interrupt my conversation, so I just gave him a wave and quickly turned my head back to my computer screen. 
“Well, hi, Daddy, how was your day?” my father began talking to himself, as if he was having a conversation with me.
“Maybe, you should wait until she’s done,” my mother told him. She had made her way upstairs, with Dorian in her hand, to see what I was up to.
“I guess the day was going to come when my baby found something that was more interesting than her own father,” my father replied.
I turned back to him with a grin. My father always said the silliest things. But not even he was going to pull me away. Not now that I’ve found friends who liked me enough to include me in their crew. After I didn’t say anything to him, my father left the room with my mother and I was alone and able to concentrate on everything my new friends were saying.
	By the time I was able to tune back in, Tiffany was talking about something Lloyd did. I tried to listen closely to play catch-up, but before I could, Tiffany burst out saying, “Speaking of Lloyd, he told me that Tommy liked someone.”
“Well, I already knew that just by the way he was acting,” Carina added.
I thought to myself that it must have been Carmen. Every time he turned around there she was. To me it was pathetic, but I guess guys like that sort of thing. He had to have liked her because of that. Plus, Carmen was really pretty. Who else could compete with her? 
“So what are you going to do, Zora?” Licia asked. I had no clue what she was talking about. What did I need to do and why?
“Zora!” Carina called out to me. “Are you going to go with him or not?” 
“Go with who?” I asked still not knowing what they were talking about.
“With Tommy, silly!” Licia said with laughter.
“Go with him where?” I asked again and sat up straight in the chair.
“Go out with him girl. Are you or aren’t you?” Tiffany added.
“He wants to go with me?” I really wasn’t talking to them, but I said it out loud anyway.
“Yeah, Lloyd said that Tommy said that you were cute.” Tiffany explained.
“Just because he said I was cute doesn’t mean he likes me or wants to go with me.” I tried to make sense out of what Tiffany was saying.
“Yes, it does, I could tell,” Carina told me.
“Oh, okay,” I replied in an awkward way.
I never had to deal with something like this before. What am I suppose to do or say if a boy likes me? Does that mean I automatically have to go with him? I mean, Tommy is really nice and cute, but I don’t know what to do with a boyfriend.
	I wondered what my mother would say about me going out with a boy. She would probably lock me up in my room and throw away the key. I sort of wished she would because I could feel myself panicking at the thought of having a boyfriend. Imagine what I would do if I actually had one.
“I think you should go with him,” Licia said.
“Why?” I asked.
“Because you two look cute together!” Licia rattled on like the possibility really excited her.
“Plus, that would piss Carmen off so bad,” Carina added.
“It sho’ will. Just the idea that he likes you over her is killing her already,” Tiffany said.
“It is?” I asked, confused.
“Yeah, I heard that Portia said that Carmen was really hurt that Tommy was paying you more attention,” Tiffany responded.
“Good, she deserved it,” Carina said.
Cute couple, pissing people off. What are these girls talking about? What are they trying to get me into? If I listened to them, I would end up as the joke of the sixth grade. It’s not possible for me to believe that someone like Tommy could like someone ordinary like me. We are just friends and I like knowing that I had a friend like Tommy.
“Zora you still haven’t answered us,” Carina reminded me.
“I...I know.” I was searching my mind for the right words, but nothing seemed to come out. If I said yes, by tomorrow Tiffany would have told the whole school that Tommy and I were going together. If I said no, Tommy might think that I don’t like him. I can’t win right now, what am I suppose to do?
	Before I could have a full-blown panic attack, my mother called out of the kitchen for me to come have dinner. SAVED BY THE BELL! I politely told them my mother was calling me and tried to hang up as quickly as possible.
“Yeah, I got to go too,” Licia sighed.
“Well, alright then, I’ll see you guys tomorrow,” Carina said.
“Yeah, me too,” Tiffany said softly.
I turned off my computer but I didn’t go into the kitchen right away. I sat at my desk for awhile and thought about what the girls said about Tommy. I was sort of excited that he could like me in that way, but then again, I knew better. There was no possible way Tommy saw me as more than just a friend; a girl he helped because she was new. Tommy seemed to be the kind of person who would do that for anybody, not just me. I liked thinking that Tommy could actually want to go with me, but that was just impossible. Why would Tommy, who was quite possibly the coolest kid in the sixth grade, want to go with the new girl who nobody knew? I laid down on my bed, closed my eyes, and let my mind replay the moments I spent with Tommy today. To me, nothing he said or did was out of the ordinary. He just treated me like a friend, who he had a lot in common with. Come to think of it, what if Tommy was more like me after all? What if he wasn’t even ready for a girlfriend and it’s everyone else who’s making him think that he wants one. That would seem more logical; I think. My mind was all over the place until finally it shut down and I found myself drifting off to sleep.
“Zora, come on, we’re waiting for you!” my mother yelled.
I immediately woke up. “I’m coming!” I said, as I ran down the stairs and into the kitchen.
“Well, I’m glad to see that you could unglue yourself from the computer long enough for us to eat,” my father said as I was sitting down at the table next to my brother.
I rolled my eyes at him and tried to ignore his comment, but somehow I figured my father still had more to say.
	After we said grace, I began to eat as fast as I possibly could. At some point, I don’t even think I was chewing. All I wanted to do was to hurry up and eat so that I could go back into my room to be by myself. I had to figure out a way for me to handle being at this new school. I felt like everyone is so much more mature than I am and I have to find out how I could become just as mature before they realize that I’m nothing more than an ordinary little girl. 
“You better slow down, Zora,” my mother said.
She looked at me as if she could read my mind and was fully aware of everything that was going on. I think I felt guilty about what happened between me and Carmen in Mrs. Williamson’s class. I was still afraid that someone from the school had called her. But knowing my mother she would have said something by now.  
“Zora, slow down,” my mother said sternly when she realized that I hadn’t listened to her the first time.
“Are you rushing for some particular reason?” my father asked me with a grin.
“No,” I answered in a low voice.
“Who were you chatting with on the computer?” my mother asked me.
“Just some girls.” It wasn’t that I didn’t want my parents to know about the new friends I made; it just wasn’t a big deal.
“Some girls like who?” my mother asked again, but this time she gave me a look that told me that I needed to be more specific.
“Some girls I met at school.” I still was not willing to tell her yet.
“I guess these are nameless girls who call for long conversations,” my father said. I knew he wasn’t done yet.
“Their names are Carina, Tiffany, and Licia,” I blurted out in frustration. “May I leave the table now? I’m done eating.” 
“Well, what’s the rush?” my father asked jokingly.
“Nothing, I’m just done eating,” I replied.  
“Sure go ahead,” my mother agreed after giving me and my plate a once over.
I got up from the table and put my dirty plate in the sink. Then I ran as fast as I could to my room. I spread myself across my bed and felt like crying. But when I thought about it, I really didn’t have a reason to shed any tears. With the exception of being tortured by Carmen, everyone was kind of nice to me. I met three new girls who genuinely seemed interested in being my friend, and a boy was nice enough to make sure my first day turned out alright. My only problem is, I don’t think I’m who they want me to be and I probably never will be. God, I miss my old school and all of my old friends who were plain ordinary little girls just like me. 
I wasn’t in my room for a good five minutes when I heard the doorbell ring and then my mother called my name. I slowly walked down the stairs and wondered what was going on and why people couldn’t leave me alone for five seconds. 








8
NOW WHAT?
This day was turning out to be full of surprises. I never knew what was coming next. I went from having plain old ordinary days to having a day filled with nothing but drama. Everything was different at my old school. Never once did I have to scream at anybody else because they wouldn’t leave me alone, and I certainly never had to deal with boys.
	I took my time coming down the stairs because my nerves were totally gone and the last thing I needed was to have to face something else. I felt exhausted. There were way too much going on today for me to have to walk to my front door and find some more drama waiting for me.
“Zora, hurry up!” My mother yelled to me before I could reach the end of the staircase.
“What is it?” I asked irritated that she was once again bothering me.
“Don’t you mean who is it?” my mother corrected me with a silly smirk on her face.
“Uhh?’ I had no idea what she was talking about or what she was up to.
I stood waiting for her to explain what she meant, but all she did was turn to open the front door of our house. On the other side was Sandy’s mother and standing right beside her was Sandy. We both screamed at the top of our lungs at the sight of each other. It seemed like twenty years had passed since I last saw her and it felt awesome. We ran to each other and hugged.
“Oh my god, I thought I’d never see you again!” Sandy shrieked.
“I know, me too!” I replied excitedly.
“Why don’t you take Sandy up to your room and catch up?” my mother suggested as she and Sandy’s mother watched us with amused grins.
“Oh yeah! C’mon, I have so much stuff to tell you,” I told Sandy and pulled her behind me.
When we got into my room, I closed the door behind us and locked it so that no one would barge in and disturb this brief time I had with her.  
“So what happened in school today? Did anybody notice that I wasn’t there?” I asked Sandy. There was a part of me that didn’t want to know the answer because I knew that she would say that no one cared whether I was there or not.
“Nothing really happened…Oh! I got Mrs. Lawrence for homeroom and she’s still mean as ever. Everyone was asking where you were, I guess cause they saw me walking all by myself and all,” Sandy explained. She walked around my room like she was searching for something but wasn’t sure what. 
“Really, you had to walk all alone?” I asked, feeling sorry that I wasn’t there to be by Sandy’s side. But Sandy only shrugged her shoulders, avoiding my eyes and my question. 
“So, what about you?” she asked, still not looking in my direction.
“My day was crazy; I totally hate public school,” I told her relieved to finally confess that to someone.  
“What happened?” Sandy asked sounding like she was happy to hear me say that. She stopped searching and came over to sit down by me on the bed. 
“Well, first of all there was this girl named Carmen, who hated me for no reason,” I began to explain.
“Well, how you know she hated you, did she just come out and like say ‘I hate you’?” Sandy didn’t understand how bad Carmen was and I needed to explain everything to her from the beginning. I started from the time I got off the bus all the way until I blew up at Carmen in art class. I poured out all the embarrassing details and didn’t skip any information. Everything I said, heard, or felt today came out. I didn’t even stop to take a breath or look at Sandy’s expression. 	“Wow,” Sandy said with a surprised look in her eye. “You’ve never raised your voice at anyone before.”
“So, you see how far she pushed me?” I was looking for some sort of sympathy, but Sandy wasn’t really giving that away.
“Yeah, I see. But Zora, I don’t think she hated you,” Sandy said.
“Haven’t you been listening to a word I’ve said?” I could have shaken Sandy silly.
“Yeah, I have, but I think she was jealous of you,” Sandy said and got back up to continue her search for nothing in particular. This time she ended up at my dresser.
“Jealous? Why would she be jealous of me?” I asked.
What Sandy was saying didn’t make much sense. If anything, I should be jealous of Carmen. She was the one who was pretty and popular, not me. Why would somebody like her be jealous of a nobody like me?
“Because you’re you, plus that boy Tommy seemed to be paying you more attention. Some people are just stupid like that,” Sandy tried to break it down for me, but I still thought she was a little off base about Carmen. There was no way she was jealous of me, not when she has so much going for her. 
“I don’t know about that,” I told Sandy. 
“It’s true,” Sandy insisted. Then she turned to face me and with a strange look she asked, “You like those new girls you met?”  
“Who, Carina and them? They’re alright,” I shrugged.
“I guess you’ll be spending more time with them now, huh?” Sandy said sadly.
I didn’t want to hurt her feelings, so I tried to make it seem like Carina, Tiffany, and Licia didn’t mean much to me “Well, only because we go to school together.”
“It’s okay if you want to be their friend,” Sandy said in a quiet voice.
“It is?” I wondered if Sandy herself was jealous or if she just felt left out.
“Yeah, I guess,” she answered.
“But we’ll always be best friends though, right?” I asked.
 It took a while for her to answer me. Then she came back over to me with a smile and said, “Always.”
	Having Sandy there gave me such a great feeling. Like always, she knew just what to say and do to make me feel better. I wish she could stay forever, but I knew that she had to go home and that it may be a long time before I would be able to see her again. She was my best friend and not being able to tell her when something is happening to me right as it is happening would be the hardest thing I had ever done. This one day I spent without her was torture; I can’t imagine what the entire school year would be like. To be honest, I was glad that I found Carina, Licia, and Tiffany, or rather that they found me. Unlike Sandy, I didn’t spend the whole day alone. They were there for me, and I was happy that they were. I only wished that my new friends and my old friends could all be together in one place. 
“Hey, you know what?” Sandy asked, her eyes lighting up. “We can call each other and I bet our moms would let us hang out together on the weekends.”
“Yeah, I guess that’ll be cool,” I replied, but somehow Sandy’s plan didn’t really make me feel better. I needed her with me for the whole day. 
“It will be; you’ll see. And we could talk about all the people who get on our nerves, just like we used to!” Sandy’s voice sounded so exciting and reassuring that I couldn’t help but give her a weak grin.
I suppose, if she thought it was possible then it must have been. Sandy stared at me with a curious look on her face and then asked “So tell me about Tommy. Is he hot?”
“What!” I shouted. Sandy never talked about boys with such interest before. What happened to her? She was souding more and more like my new friends.
“Is he hot?” Sandy repeated sounding even more interested.
“I don’t know, I guess so,” I replied, feeling embarrassed to be talking about it.
“Well, do you like him?” Sandy continued to ask.
“I haven’t really thought about it,” I shrugged still trying to figure out why Sandy wasn’t sounding like herself.
“Well, I think that if he asked you to go with him, you should. That’ll be like your first boyfriend. That’s so cool!” Sandy said again with such joy.
“I don’t think I want a boyfriend. Do you?” I had to find out where all of this was coming from.
“Well, there’s this new boy in the seventh grade and he’s so hot, but I don’t know if he likes me or not,” Sandy explained. “You remember Kelly? She told me that he told her to tell me hi, so I think that means he at least noticed me.”
	I looked at Sandy with shock. Just this past summer boys weren’t even on our minds. Now we’re suddenly having conversations about getting boyfriends and Sandy seems to be totally fine with it. Just like Carina, Tiffany, and Licia seemed fine with talking about all the boys they like twenty-four seven. Am I the last regular sixth grader left on earth? I mean what is wrong with these people. I sat there and listened in amazement as Sandy went on and on about the boy she liked. I was about to shake her back to the way she used to be, but then her mother called for her to go home. 
“Oh, I got to go. Call me tomorrow,” Sandy said as she got up and ran out of my room.
“Bye!” I yelled to her as she made her way down the stairs.
I didn’t bother to follow her to the door. Instead, I walked over to my mirror and stared at my reflection. I finally realized that my father was right; things do change. I’d been so busy trying to make everything stay just as it was that I didn’t let myself change like Sandy did. Now it was too late. Sandy would probably find another best friend who liked talking about boys as much as she did and Carina and her crew would get bored with me acting like a big baby. I wanted to cry, but before a tear could drop my mother came into my room and asked “You still have some time before bed. Would you like to come downstairs for a while?” 
“In a little bit,” I replied, but I didn’t turn to face her because I didn’t want her to see how upset I was.
“Okay, whenever you’re ready.” My mother turned to leave and suddenly I felt the urge to spill my guts about everything that happened to me today.
“Mom!’ I called out, quickly turning towards her.  
“Yes?” My mother answered, turning back around and looking at me with such sensitivity.
Still, I couldn’t tell her how my day turned out. I felt she wouldn’t understand. How could she? She probably never had to deal with things like this.
“Thanks for letting Sandy come over.” It was easier to say that than trying to explain everything else. 
“Well, I just wanted you to know that Sandy is still a part of your life.” My mother gave me a smile and a wink then she left my room.
In a way my mother was right, Sandy was still a part of my life. But then again, I couldn’t determine what role she played. We were best friends because we spent every waking hour together. Now that we don’t, would that mean that we are no longer best friends? Maybe we couldn’t be best friends not only because we’re not spending time together like we used to, but also because our interests have changed. I just didn’t know anymore, and that made me so sad. The life that I was used to was completely gone, and now I had to find a way to survive in this new one, possibly without my best friend.
	I sat up in my room for a little while longer, but the walls seemed to be closing in on me. Besides, I could hear the sound of my parent’s laughter coming from the living room and I started to feel like an outsider. So I got myself together and headed down the stairs. I got to the entrance of the living room and realized I didn’t want to be there. My parents looked happy and relaxed; I wasn’t. No one could fix my issues. I needed to be left alone to figure it out on my own. But with my bedroom and the living room out of the question, I needed to be someplace where I didn’t feel so alone. The only place I could think of was outside on the porch, where I could think clearly because it was so private and peaceful. When I got outside, I sat on the top stair and looked up at the stars. Each one sparkled like little diamonds in the sky and the moon was so bright that it was as if it was almost daylight outside.
 I sat there thinking about my day and about all the things that went right and wrong. Then I thought about Sandy, the new Sandy. So much had changed in just one day. I hoped Sandy and I will still always remain best friends.






9
MY MOM THE GENIUS
	  “May I join you?” My mother’s voice came from behind me, so soft and kind. I turned and my eyes briefly caught hers before I looked away, fearing she would notice my sadness. It wasn’t as if my mother wasn’t used to the expression on my face. She had seen it all summer long. Only this time I wasn’t doing it to get what I wanted. After spending that time with Sandy, I came to the conclusion that the kids at my old school were acting just like the kids at my new school. So where was I supposed to go?  It didn’t really matter anymore if my mom said it was okay to go back because I would be dealing with the same old drama. I shrugged my shoulders to let my mom know that I didn’t care one way or the other if she sat down or not, and so she did. At first, she was quiet and only looked up at the stars with me. Then she began to stare at me, looking as if she wanted to tell me something. I was hoping that whatever it was, it wouldn’t be bad because I couldn’t take it if anything else went wrong today. Still, she said nothing, waiting for me to break the silence. So I did. “Mom?” My mother didn’t say anything, almost like she was waiting for me to continue. So I called out again, “Mom.”
“Yes, Zora?” she answered, as if she was relieved I spoke first. 
“What do you do when everyone you know seems so much different than you?” I asked, with my elbows propped on my knees and chin resting on my hands
“You do the only thing you can do: be your own, wonderful self.” My mother ran her fingers through my hair so gently that I closed my eyes and almost forgot about everything that happened.
“What if that’s not good enough?” I asked immediately so that I wouldn’t allow my mother to make everything better with one touch of her hands.
“Zora, it’s always good enough,” she responded.
“Sometimes I don’t think it is.” I felt like I wanted to cry, but I didn’t want to do it in front of my mother.
“Zora, did something happen in school today?” My mother took her hands out of my hair and lifted my face towards her.
“A lot happened, Mom.” Something in my mother’s concerned face told me that it was finally time to come clean with her.
	I began to explain everything to her, starting from the time I got off the bus up to the talk I had with Sandy. I even told her about the argument I had with Carmen. That was the point when I thought she would get mad and stop me mid-sentence, but she didn’t. The only thing she did was listened as I rambled on. 
As I explained, I think I was the one who was amazed; because my greatest fear was that my mother would not understand. When I finished talking, I thought to myself ‘This is it. She’s going to blow her top any minute now.’ But I was wrong. She leaned back, looking up at the stars again, and with a deep smile on her face she said, “You know, I think you’re underestimating yourself and not giving your friends enough credit.”
“What?” That was not the response I expected to hear.
“You are a kind and beautiful person. That’s why people are drawn to you and I’ll bet you that’s why those three girls wanted to be your friend,” she explained.
“Yeah, but they might lose interest after a while,” I whispered.
“I don’t think so. I think they know and like the kind of person you are.” Despite my mother’s honest and compassionate tone, I still felt I wouldn’t be good enough. 
“The only one who really gets what kind of person I am is Carmen. That’s why she hates me.” I waited for my mother to come back with some type of response like ‘if you only get to know her maybe she’ll like you better.’ 
Instead, she said “Zora, let me give you your first life lesson: there will always be people in this world that will dislike you and some will absolutely love you.”
“So what do I do about the ones who dislike me?” I asked immediately.
“Nothing. See, it doesn’t have anything to do with you. It’s the other person’s issue.” My mother continued to explain, “You will always be Zora and that’s all you need to be. Nothing more, nothing less.”
“What if that’s not good enough?” I asked.
“That will always be good enough. You can’t live your life to please other people. The only thing you can do is to be true to yourself and that will always be good enough,” my mother clarified.
“So it shouldn’t matter that Carmen doesn’t like me?” I gave my mother a curious look and waited for her to say something that would make my experience with Carmen make some sort of sense.
“In a way it does matter because it hurts your feelings, but it shouldn’t make you think less of yourself.” And there it was, in that one statement my problems with Carmen fell into place. She had hurt my feelings, but that did not mean that I’m a bad person or that the things she called me defined who I am. She was just being evil and I was not going to let her make me think that I’m not a good person.
	I finally understood. I had to stop trying to figure out why Carmen didn’t like me and just be me. I just wished I could be loved by everyone. That would certainly make my life a whole lot easier, but it’s just not possible and I had to be alright with that. What if I had to go through my entire sixth grade year or even all of middle school, being at war with Carmen? I’d be even more miserable than I am now.
“So then I should just ignore Carmen and she’ll leave me alone?” I really needed a solution to this whole Carmen problem and hoped my mother could give me one.
“Well…hmm…,” my mother looked up at the sky again and thought for a moment. Then she said, “Let me tell you about the time I started college.”
	I wondered if this was going to be a long drawn out story. My mother wasn’t one to tell stories, so I had no idea how it was going to end up.
	“On my first day I was so nervous. The moment I stepped foot on that campus my hands started to sweat and my stomach began to turn into knots. I had no idea what I was in for.” My mother closed her eyes and a faint smile came across her face as if she went back to that very moment.
“Didn’t you know anyone who went there at all?” I asked, though I didn’t want to interrupt her from her memories.
“Well, I went to an out of state college. Everything and everyone was brand new to me. But still, I figured that I’d make friends pretty easy. So I just put my nerves aside, put a smile on my face, and went about making new friends.” The reflective look in my mother’s eyes let me know she was still remembering. 
“Did that work?” I asked, interested in knowing the rest of my mother’s story.
“At first, I met a lot of really nice people, some who were freshmen like me and some who were upper classmen. There was even this really cute sophomore guy who took time out to show me around and give me the rundown of the entire campus.” 
“Like Tommy?” I interrupted.
“Yeah, like Tommy,” my mother grinned. “I was pretty glad he came along because my nervousness had begun to go away when he did. This girl I didn’t know came up to me in the hallway and told me that I needed to stay away from her man or else.”
“What did you do?” I asked as I focused my full attention on my mother. 
“I didn’t know what to do! I just tried to be as nice as possible and told her that the last thing I wanted to do was to take her man.”
“Did it work?” I asked again.
“No, not at all. This girl didn’t want to like me and all the niceness and smiles in the world weren’t going to change that,” my mother chuckled.
“Did you go after her like I did with Carmen?” I asked with my voice soft with regret.  
“We had our run-ins over the years, but the great friends I made far outweighed her negativity.  They were really good to me and liked me for who I was even though she hated me for that same reason.” My mother put her arms around me and pulled me close. “So you see Zora, people you meet in your day-to-day life might not always like you for some reason or another. It doesn’t mean that there’s anything wrong with you, that’s just how life is. You cannot wish you aren’t you because of it.” She gave me a look that urged me to understand every word she was saying.
I laid back in my mother’s arms with ease. It’s been such a long time since we had a moment like this and I had almost forgotten why I liked them so much. My mother seemed to know everything and she understood me better than anyone else. My fear of telling her about my day was crazy. If it hadn’t been for her I’d probably be sitting out here depressed; But I wasn’t. As a matter of fact, I kind of started to feel a lot better about everything and I even felt confident enough to face Carmen again…almost.
“Hey. mom?” I asked.
“Yes?” she answered.
“Whatever happened to the guy that the girl didn’t want you to talk to?” I asked.
 “Well, he’s upstairs trying to figure out how to get Dorian to sleep.” My mother gave me a look and giggled.
“Dad!?” I hollered and jumped out of my mother’s arms.
“Yeah, through all that craziness we discovered that we sort of liked each other so we got together, after he got rid of that girlfriend of his, of course.” My mother must have noticed the expression on my face change from shock to concern because she quickly added, “That doesn’t mean that it has to be that way for you. If you like Tommy, then don’t worry about other people’s opinion.”
“What if I’m not sure?” I wasn’t sure at all. Sometimes I think that I do kind of like him and then sometimes I don’t know.
“Zora, you are only twelve. It’s ok to wait until you are sure. Don’t let anyone push you into it. Having a boyfriend isn’t a sign of maturity; maturity is knowing when you’re ready for something and when you’re not, and having the courage to stand by your decision.” My mother’s advice made a whole lot of sense. She actually made way more sense within a few minutes than I did after thinking about my problems all day. I’m mature enough not to let Licia, Tiffany or Carina talk me into going with someone just because it’ll look good. I’m also mature enough to know that I really did like Tommy and if he decided to ask me to go with him, I probably would. Not because that’s what my friends want, but because that’s what I wanted to do. I won’t let fear of what Carmen may do stop me.
“Mom?” I asked again.
“Yes?” she said, looking at me curiously.
“He’s really hot,” I said giving her a sideways grin.
“Uh huh, I bet he is,” she grinned backed at me.
“But I still don’t know if he likes me like that,” I confessed.
“Well, if he doesn’t, then he’s a fool because you’re a prize, my dear,” she said while rubbing my back with the palm of her hand.
	I looked up at her with such delight. Who knew she was so smart. In minutes, she had solved all my problems and made me feel better about myself. I wondered why my mother and I stopped having talks like these. Maybe it was my fault. Had I not been such a brat to her then maybe we would have spent more time together talking instead of arguing all the time. I realized how much I needed my mother and how glad I was that she was around. To think I doubted that she would understand what I’ve been going through. Not only did she understand, she had been through it herself. 
“Thanks, mom,” I grinned.
“It was my pleasure,” she said, giving me a kiss on the forehead before she got up to leave. “Are you coming in?”
“Yeah, I think I’m ready now.” I got up too and took my mother by the hand.
“So I guess this means that you will be going back to your new school tomorrow?” she asked, looking at me as she waited for a response.
I had to think for a moment. Was it worth going through all that drama? Even though Sandy seemed different, she was still my best friend and I really wanted to be around her all the time. Plus, I liked my old school and all of my teachers. How could I give all that up and go to a new school? Besides, my day was a wreck. I’m not sure if I could go through that again. I stared into my mother’s eyes for a long time and thought about how brave she was to go to a college where she didn’t know anyone and have to deal with a girl who didn’t like her. Then it hit me: I wanted to be like my mom. I wanted to be brave and not let anyone scare me into running away.
“Yeah, I think I’ll go back, why not?” I gave my mom’s hand a tight squeeze.
Then the two of us walked into the house, hand-in-hand.



10
TILL TOMORROW
	Something my mother said kept ringing in my head like an alarm “…have the courage to stand by your decision.” The truth was I’ve never really been very courageous. Someone has always been there to protect me, just like Carina was today and how Sandy has always been. I think that it felt good standing up to Carmen, because for the first time I protected myself without the help of anyone else. That was my first step towards being courageous. Granted, it wasn’t right for me to act like that in the middle of class, but I needed to let Carmen know that it wasn’t alright for her to keep picking on me the way she did. My next step is entering the writing contest. Not because Carina liked the idea or because I think that my parents would like the idea, but because it’s what I want to do. I don’t care if people think I’m a nerd. I’m going to stand by my decision anyway. Plus, I actually think I could win. Wouldn’t that be great, me winning something that I did all by myself?  That would be the ultimate test of my newfound courage. In the past I only did things that didn’t require me to standout from everyone else, but now I’m doing something that’s going to put the spotlight right on me and honestly I couldn’t wait.
	After I left my mom, I went to find my dad and told him good night. Then I went into the bathroom, took a bath and got ready for bed. I sat up on my bed thinking about the paper I wrote that Mrs. Smith wanted to enter into the contest. I began to have second thoughts. Not about the contest, but the paper. For some reason, I didn’t feel like that paper said what I wanted it to say. It sounded like a little brat who didn’t understand a thing. I have matured since then and that wasn’t me anymore. I needed to write something that really expressed who I am. The people judging the contest needed to know the truth about who I am. I don’t want them to think I’m a crazy brat. So I jumped out of bed, grabbed my notebook and pencil out of my backpack and sat at my desk. If I was going to do this, it had to be done right. At first I started to tell the tale of my family and how great they were, but that didn’t seem right. Something still felt like it was missing. Then I wanted to talk about my mom and how much we were alike but again that didn’t seem right. This paper needed to be about me and what I’ve learned from my time at a new school, but I couldn’t think of anything to write that fit what I wanted to say. 
	“This is stupid,” I said to myself, feeling discouraged. I decided to just go to bed. I cut off the light and laid in the bed, but my eyes wouldn’t close. I kept thinking about my day and all that I had learned. Like how change isn’t always a bad thing. Even Sandy became different but she was still my very best friend. I also learned that I’m a pretty incredible person. That’s why Carina, Licia, and Tiffany wanted to be my friend. They liked me for who I am and I liked them too. Now I have four best friends instead of one. That is so cool. Maybe one day I could introduce them to Sandy and we all could be best friends.  I wondered if they’ll like each other. I think they’ll like Sandy. How could they not? Sandy was awesome and she’s a whole lot more interesting than me. So if they like me, they’ll really like Sandy. Maybe my parents would let me have a party or something and the four of them could meet. 
	I began to smile to myself at the thought of having all my friends being friends and I was so excited. Then I realized that’s what I wanted to write about- me and my day. It made sense. For people to really understand me and how much I have changed I had to take them through the entire process, even the ugly parts. I quickly jumped out of bed and went back to my desk.  I thought for a couple of minutes on how to start. It was pretty difficult, but once I started the words flowed onto the paper. I was able to break down my entire day from the time I woke up until now. There were times that I thought that maybe I shouldn’t write this. But I had to tell every single detail so that people would understand why I am now different than I was when I first woke up this morning. They needed to know how I felt and why. So I didn’t hold back any information, I just told the truth. 
	“Wow.” Once I was done, I felt so good. I actually did it and I think it might be good enough to win the contest. Even Ms. Smith would be proud of what I did. I know I am. 
	So that was it, the tale of my entire first day in a nutshell. The story of a spoiled brat who woke up one morning crying and hating her parents, especially her mother, for taking her out of the school she loved and sending her to one she knew nothing about. A girl who hated everything about her life and wanted to just curl up into a ball and not move. Then magic happened and she found out the beauty and pain of life and learned that she could never hate her mother because she was probably the smartest woman on the planet. This is my story, good or bad, it’s me. It’s how I felt and how I feel now. I’m sure there’s still a whole lot more to come. I do still have to complete the sixth grade, and I still have to deal with Carmen, and get through tomorrow. Oh, and I have to find out if Tommy likes me or not. Maybe after all that’s done, then I’ll have a moral from this story. I just wanted to share it with anyone who wanted to listen and tell them all that I’m Zora, BEAUTIFUL, INCREDIBLE ZORA, who’s lucky enough to learn how great change can be at twelve years old.     




RING….RING!


Hello?
Hey, Zora, what’s up?
Um…who’s this?
Oh, it’s me, Tommy. Sorry for texting you so late, but I called Tiffany to get your number.
That’s ok.
Well, I just wanted to say what’s up and make sure you were ok…you know…because of what happened with Carmen and all.
Oh, I’m fine.
That’s good…um Zora.
Yeah Tommy.
Would you…
Would I what?
Would you…um…would you want me to walk you to class tomorrow? Cause I don’t mind.
Yeah, I mean if you don’t mind then yeah.
Ok then I’ll see you tomorrow.
Ok, bye Tommy.
Bye.



“Mom! Mom!” I yelled out.
“What!” my mother answered as she hurried into my room.
“I can’t believe he just called me!” I shouted.
“Well, I can.” she said.
“Oh my God, he actually called me!” I said with a huge smile.
“See, I told you that you are perfect just the way you are.” my mother replied.
“So are you mom.” I said.
“Good night my wonderful Zora.” my mother said with a wink and a smile as she closed the door behind her.
“Good night, mom.”


LIGHTS OUT

