Third Soul
Keeley Smith













Books by Keeley Smith

The Pendle Hill series
Returned
Before
Change
After
Home


The Soul Keeper trilogy
First Soul
Second Soul
Third Soul
Published in 2015 by Smashwords Publishing

Copyright © Keeley Smith

The author has asserted their moral right under the 
Copyright, Designs and Patents Act, 1988, to be identified as the author of this work.

All Rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, copied, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, without the prior written consent of the copyright holder, nor be otherwise circulated in any form of binding or cover other than that in which it is published and without a similar condition being imposed on the subsequent purchaser.
I started writing this series for 3 reasons.  The first reason being that I wanted to write a book, or three, that involved my siblings. I don’t know why but being able to control how your siblings react to events and forcing them through terrifying circumstances, well, it was fun and something I could never do in ‘real’ life!
The second reason for writing these books is the appeal to boys.  It is well known that boys don’t read enough and that they need encouragement.  I wanted to write something that boys would enjoy, and hopefully they do!
And finally, I was given the idea by a group of boys where I worked and their enthusiasm really pushed me to write these books.  I’ve really enjoyed writing them and introducing everyone to my version of Death! 
CHAPTER ONE

The sound of their feet crunching against the fresh layer of snow was their only companion as they trudged towards the cemetery.  Their breath clouded the air in front of them as the silence hung heavily on Phillip’s shoulders.  Phillip’s deep blue eyes surveyed the area around them.  They were silent because they expected something to happen, although silence never really stopped Death from appearing whenever He wanted to.  
    Phillip always expected something to happen; he also knew that Death was playing with him, with all of them.  He loved the game and this was His last shot.  He would do everything He could to win.  Phillip just had to kick His boney ass before the end of it all.
    Halloween had come and gone and much to Phillip’s surprise, it had been rather uneventful.  They’d half expected Death to actually appear alongside all the children in costume.  They wouldn’t put it past Him to perform such a stunt.  Theatrics.  Death loved to create drama wherever He went. Yet they knew that Death would have been limited in what He could do to the innocent souls.  Matthew was their saving grace in situations like that.  Matthew would ensure Death walked the rather blurred lines of their agreement.  Matthew would keep the balance somehow.  
    Either way, thinking about this entire quest and the constant waiting around was really grating on Phillip’s nerves.  Death was playing with him, and this made him angrier as each day passed.  Didn’t He know that the angrier Phillip got, the more he wanted to beat Him at His own game? Why couldn’t they just get it over with? The constant looking over his shoulder was becoming a pain in the ass.  
    Phillip’s quest was the last one they would need to complete.  It would come; he knew that Death would rear His ugly head, Phillip just didn’t know when this would happen.  Until it happened, Phillip wanted to move on with his life.  Unless, of course, he failed the quest...Then there wouldn’t be any type of moving on with his life.  He would remain this age forever, a soul that would be destroyed and tortured by Death for all eternity.  Despite the worst case scenario, Phillip needed this cloud, the one that forever remained above his head to go away. Whether this meant he survived and was successful, or he lost his fight and he died.
    He felt overwhelming amounts of pressure and he couldn’t share this with his friends.  The others had survived their quests, granted, it had been extremely hard for them during these quests, but in the end they had got through it, but he hated to feel this kind of pressure.  They constantly assured him that his quest would be fine, that they were in this together, and with this final statement Phillip couldn’t agree more.  They were in this together.  If he failed, they would all die.  That had been the deal they’d made with Him, and Phillip really didn’t want them to fall at the last hurdle.  He couldn’t be the one to allow Death to finally snatch their souls.
    They hadn’t thought of this one, slightly huge clause.  They’d agreed believing that once their individual quests were over they could move on with their lives.  The black bands on their wrists had disappeared.  But Death had been one step ahead of them.  He could take them all in this last quest. 
    As they walked towards the cemetery, Phillip stuffed his hands deep into his pockets.  The weather was turning colder as they neared Christmas.  The fierce nip of the wind at his skin made him want to swear out loud.  The turmoil that swirled inside his gut didn’t help matters.  This time of year was usually one he looked forward to celebrating with his family and his friends.  He couldn’t think about it at the moment, he had too much to deal with.  The build up to the last quest was never far away from his mind, but there was something else that plagued Phillip, something that had plagued him for quite a while, and more annoyingly, he couldn’t really put his finger on the reason why he suddenly felt out of sorts.  He just didn’t feel like he fit in with his life at the moment, again, this wasn’t something he could discuss with his friends or his parents.  It was a burden he had to carry with everything else that sat lodged on his shoulders.   
    They turned into the cemetery entrance and Phillip walked right into Deyna.  She’d simply halted mid-step and he hadn’t been paying attention. He really had to get his stuff together.  Death could creep up on him at any moment and he was constantly swimming through his own messed up thoughts.
    “Hello,” Matthew greeted them. 
    Phillip could never quite understand which side Matthew was on.  There were many things Phillip couldn’t understand when it came to Matthew.  Number one, he couldn’t get his head around what Matthew was.  Was he God? An Angel?  He’d saved them more times than he could count in Deyna’s quest.  Would God just show Himself like this? He wasn’t entirely sure he believed in God after everything he’d been through, and if Matthew was God, then Phillip had quite a few words to say to him.
    Phillip looked at Matthew.  He’d yet to respond to the greeting, the others were also watching the man that had appeared.  Phillip saw Stephen assess the area.  Matthew still wore the white robes he’d always worn.  Despite the conditions of the quests, they always looked immaculate.  His grey hair, usually left to float down his back, was pulled back into a ponytail which revealed striking cheek bones and a full mouth that smirked ever so slightly.  The man always seemed nice which made Phillip warm to him a little more, but what part did Matthew play in all of this?  If Death had been forced to begin these quests, this meant that Matthew had been the one to enforce that rule. 
    Phillip muttered under his breath in annoyance.  Matthew wasn’t even his real name for Christ’s sake. 
    Phillip focused on Matthew’s eyes, the ones that held storm clouds which seemed to swirl with unknown emotions.  Those storm clouds were watching him, waiting for him to break first, waiting for him to say hello… or something.  Phillip didn’t know what to say.  Anyway, Matthew had come to see them so he obviously had something to say.  Phillip’s heart kicked in his chest as the realisation hit him.  The only time they saw this man was when the quests were underway.  Matthew should say what he’d come to say and get it over with.  Phillip knew what was coming.  He watched Matthew and focused on the clouds that threatened to build into something more. 
    Sweat prickled at Phillip’s neck as the clouds continued to hold his stare.  Damn it.  Phillip broke first and shifted uncomfortably before he offered a mumbled greeting. 
    “Hello, Matthew, it is nice to see you, but why are you here?” Deyna asked.  She’d obviously been waiting for Phillip to break the silence.
    Phillip shook his head.  It wasn’t nice to see Matthew, despite the man being rather nice; it wasn’t nice to see him because seeing Matthew always brought bad news.  If they’d met him in different circumstances then yes, it would have been nice.  But right now it meant the quest had begun. 
    “I’ve come to see you,” Matthew stated obviously and smiled at Deyna.
    “Uh oh, this can’t be good,” Stephen muttered sarcastically. 
    “It’s happening now, isn’t it?” Phillip sighed.  He sighed to cover the quake in his voice.
    Despite telling himself he was ready for this final round, his heart thudded that bit harder knowing it was finally time to face his fears.  Fears he wasn’t sure he ever wanted to face.  Ones he wasn’t sure he could come back from.  Matthew simply nodded his head whilst looking at Phillip with sadness in his eyes.  Or at least Phillip believed he saw the sadness there.  In the next moment, the clouds stilled.  Phillip bit back on the remark.  Well, hell, that was different.  The clouds had never stilled.  Was he meant to take some sort of hint from them?
     Phillip shook his head and looked away from the eyes that seemed to put him in a trance. “I need to get the bags,” Phillip told them and jogged over to Lester’s grave. 
    He’d kept the bags there for safe keeping; he knew no one would take them.  No one else knew Lester.  No one came over to this part of the cemetery.  People from the village didn’t like coming here anyway; the majority of the population were well on their way to permanently residing here.  Many didn’t like to think of death, to think of no longer living the lives they’d grown accustomed to.  Unfortunately for his small group of friends they’d had to think about death and fighting for their lives more often than most.  Hopefully this would all end now.  
    As he walked back towards his friends, he handed Deyna and Stephen their bags.  They took them, placing them on their backs without asking him a single question as to why or when he’d put them there. The trust that had grown between them since the first quest was something he was proud of, something he didn’t want to end. 
    “You must come with me... No,” Matthew corrected himself, “There isn’t enough time.  We will have to do it here.”
    “Do what?” Phillip asked.  He didn’t want to begin thinking about how this quest would start.  Based on the knowledge of the previous two, it wouldn’t be pleasant.
    Matthew shook his head as his hands rummaged through the pockets of his robe.  He pulled out three small pebbles. “You must eat these, and you must eat them quickly.”
    “You want me to eat a pebble?” Phillip asked, shock and surprise evident in the tone of his question.  He’d hear many things on these quests believing he’d heard it all, but each and every thing shocked him more.  He had to eat that? Really?
    Phillip looked at the smooth white thing in Matthew’s hand before turning to his friends and seeing the disgust on their faces.  Phillip would rather eat the bloody eagle again to be quite frank.
    “No, these are not pebbles.”
    Phillip took his and felt the hard cold surface against him palm.  If it felt like a pebble and it looked like a pebble, then it was probably a pebble. Matthew was lying to them.  “What do they do?”
    “Please, we don’t have time.”
    Instead of thinking about it, because thinking clearly didn’t help when it came to these quests, Phillip shrugged and popped it into his mouth.  It tasted of salt, the bitter sting on his tongue making it curl up against the pebble and forcing his face to twist as the hard substance ground against his teeth.  He felt the sensation shoot down to his toes as the tiny hairs on his arms and neck stood to attention.  
    He started chewing it as the others watched him.  He shrugged again. “It’s like chewing gum.”
    Deyna and Stephen popped them into their mouths.  Deyna instantly pushed her tongue out. “That is the most disgusting chewing gum I’ve ever tasted.”
    Matthew nodded. “Please make sure you swallow them.  I must go.”
    Matthew disappeared as if he hadn’t been there which of course made Phillip over analyse the man’s actions.  This only lasted for a second more.  No sooner had Matthew left them that they heard Death’s chuckle.  Matthew had wanted to avoid Him.  Who could blame the man?
    They turned to face Death and Phillip swallowed the pebble as Matthew had instructed them to do.  It felt strange swallowing chewing gum.  He’d been told all his life to spit it out and now it lodged in his throat causing him to cough.  He wouldn’t bloody die before the quest had begun by choking on a pebble.
    “Well...well... have you stood around in this spot since the last quest just waiting for this to happen?” He hovered towards them as the snakes glided along the floor, searching for them. “You must quite clearly be desperate to lose.” 
    “I’m not sure how being stood here visiting a soul we saved equates to our apparent ‘desperation to lose...’” Phillip snapped. “I’m sure it is you who has waited here, waiting for us to appear, waiting desperately to start a quest, one you are obviously going to lose.”
    Death’s hood hung limply around His collar bone which meant they had a not so lovely view of His face.  The deep red rubies, once glowing embers, burned brighter within the dark pits of His eyes as His teeth snapped, showing the beginnings of a nasty temper.  
    “I couldn’t have put it better myself,” Stephen smirked. 
    Phillip grinned.  He did love this banter.  He felt more confident doing this than taking part in the quests.  He would pass the quest with flying colours if this was his task.  Death glared at Stephen.  Phillip waited as Deyna looked between the two of them.  They both expected some sort of retaliation.  Stephen and Death had a definite hate-hate relationship.  But then again, nobody liked Death.  Everyone hated Him.  He obviously loved that kind of attention as He fed off anger and fear.  
    Death’s eyes, the dark pits that held the spark of red, turned to look at him once more. “Let’s go.”
    Death snapped his fingers together, the sound of the index bone snapping against the other made Phillip bite his tongue as the world around them suddenly vanished causing his head to spin before it took a terrifying dive. 
CHAPTER TWO


Death’s house greeted them before he was able to take a breath and stop his gut from throwing up whatever it was going to get rid of.  He bent over for a second trying to gather himself before he stood back up.  Once the dizziness from the sudden journey had passed and he could see straight he noticed that Deyna was a sickly green colour, her face looked clammy as if she too was fighting off the rush of bile.   Stephen looked at him, the strain of the movement showed on his face.  Stephen nodded.  They were ready for this.  They had to be.
    Phillip looked at Death before looking at the house.  It wasn’t a very welcoming sight.  Phillip saw how Death’s house had decayed further.  He felt some satisfaction in hoping it was decaying due to their success and the lack of souls still imprisoned in there.  He couldn’t believe he’d only had to blink and they were back in this place.  The thought was frightening.  Phillip didn’t question how Death had brought them here in such a speedy manner; he just knew that they were here, again, and hopefully for the final time.  
    Stephen and Deyna scooted closer to him.  Even after all this time and the two quests they’d survived, he could still sense that they were apprehensive about this quest.  Where was everything that usually greeted them? The wolves? The creatures? Phillip couldn’t understand this.  This entrance, this introduction to a new quest, it was too quiet for Death.  He liked grand entrances.  He liked the theatrics.  This was boring, bland, compared to His usual ways.  Boring was something Phillip appreciated, more so in recent months, but boring in Death’s presence was never a good thing.
    “You look confused already,” Death leered. “Why don’t you hand over your soul now and maybe save yourself a little time and heartache?”
    Phillip sighed and shook his head as he ground his teeth together. “You would like that, wouldn’t you?”
    Death cocked His head to the side. “I would like many things, things I can’t have at the moment.  Number one on that list is my growing impatience to taste your brain.  I have a very intense craving for that brain of yours as I feel it would be rather chewy but the blood and the matter from all that knowledge and working overtime... Well, I’m sure you appreciate the meaning.”
    “You’re disgusting,” Deyna hissed.
    Death shrugged before continuing. “I do, however, taste one thing at the moment, one delectable thing.  I taste your fear, young Phillip.  I can taste your apprehension.  You are nervous because you and I both know that you won’t win this one.”
    Phillip hid the sudden jerk in his body.  The nerves seemed to shoot from his toes and up his spine; on its journey it hit every single one of the small bones, making him shiver.  He was afraid.  He felt fear, the most afraid that he’d ever felt in his entire life.  He knew this could kill him, he knew that death would await them on the other side if it all went wrong.  But he would never hint at this fear he felt, not in front of Him. “You don’t know me.  You don’t know what I can do.”
    “Not a lot, judging by the previous quests,” Death leered.
    “Don’t listen to Him, Pip, He wants to unnerve you.” Stephen stepped up beside Phillip. 
    “It’s okay,” Phillip shook his head at Stephen before turning back to Death.  “If that makes you feel better about having lost the other quests, go ahead and keep trying to goad me.  You obviously like the sound of your own voice.” Phillip folded his arms and watched Death.
    His face remained impassive, they knew that the skeleton never gave anything away, He didn’t have any skin or any muscle to allow any sort of expression.  The only signs they got were the brightness of His eyes and the snapping of his teeth.  The ruby reds glared at Phillip and that spoke a thousand words. 
    Phillip took advantage of this silence. “I have a question, where are your little pets?” Phillip asked, looking around them in the dark, cavernous space.  
    The quiet was pushing him into the jumpy phase but he didn’t show it.  He could handle the danger so much better when he knew what it was he faced.  Even when he was running from the thing that tried to kill them he felt in some sort of control.  Here, now, he felt like he’d lost that control.  
    “Why do you ask such a stupid question?” Death asked, stepping closer to him. 
    “Well, I know how you like other things to do your dirty work for you.”
    “And you’re disappointed by the lack of them?” Death teased.
    “No.” But he was disappointed.  Rather strangely, he felt like seeing them would ensure this quest began like the rest, he believed that then he would have a chance at completing this quest.  He felt like this start already put him on the back foot.  Phillip just wouldn’t tell Him this. 
    “I don’t need to use them on you, Phillip, or should I call you Pip?”
    “You can call me what you want but it is up to me whether I’ll answer you or not.” Phillip was satisfied to see Death’s jaw snap with annoyance.  Little victories like this were what he had to concentrate on. 
    “Behind the bravado, I can see that you are nervous...I smell it.  I also know that you are the weakest of the bunch.”
    Phillip chuckled, “It’s okay for you to say it and it really doesn’t offend me.  You’re right, I am nervous, well done for seeing that.  But, just so you know, I would be an idiot not to be nervous.” He stepped closer to Death. “I’m not an idiot.  I’m smart, my tasty and oh so full of knowledge brain knows this, and I know I can beat you.  You know I can beat you too, so please go ahead with your little show of sarcastic banter if it makes you feel better.”
    Phillip stood in front of Him and held his place as he watched Death snap His fingers together.  He felt the band around his wrist tighten and hissed as it cut into skin.  His skin around the band glowed, like the spark of a fire had taken up residence there. 
    Deyna stepped up. “You’re the weak one when you are still using underhand tricks, especially when you don’t get your own way!”
     Death chuckled. “Miss Stuart, how lovely to hear from you again... I do believe that this time I will get a taste of those eyes.”
    “You don’t know what Phillip is capable of.  He is the backbone of our group!” She turned to look at him, ignoring Death, and rather bravery putting her back to Him. “You can’t listen to His lies.  You can do this, we will help you.”
    “Do you ever get tired of hearing lies?” Death ignored Deyna and looked at him. 
    Phillip was aware of the snakes that slithered across the floor towards him.  He didn’t move.  He would not give Death the satisfaction. “They aren’t lies because I’m going to win.  I know I am.”
    Death stepped closer to him.  He silently cursed when the snakes latched onto his legs.  He should have stepped backwards, away from Him.  Before Phillip could do anything, his legs were moving closer to Death, the snakes pulling him towards their master.  Deyna and Stephen had jumped at Phillip, holding his arms, trying to pull him away.  
    Within seconds Phillip found himself uncomfortably close to Death and suddenly felt the red rubies of His eyes burn his skin.  His eyes stung from the intensity, it was almost as bad as staring directly at the sun.
    “This can end, here and now, all you have to do is say the word,” Death hissed.  His teeth were set in that mocking grin that Phillip had come to detest.
    Phillip moved his head to the side, as if he was thinking, as if this whole situation really didn’t bother him in the slightest. “And what word would that be?”
    The permanent grin on Death’s face seemed to stretch, he was sure that had happened in his mind as the grin couldn’t change.  It was impossible. “What word do you wish to use, Phillip?”
    The snakes wrung themselves tighter around his legs.  Phillip held back a wince and continued to smile. “Well... let’s see,” he said, keeping his tone jovial. “How about...go to hell?”
    The snakes hissed as Death’s jaw clenched showing His anger. “I like hell, it is quite lovely actually, and that was three words, not one.”
    “You will lose,” Phillip hissed. “That was three words, or how about, I will kick your boney ass, for six?”
    “You seem to be taking tips from your friend over there.”
    Stephen grinned with pride. “We only speak the truth.”
    Death swung away from him but the snakes remained latched around his legs.  He was being carried towards the house and he was unable to stop it.
    Damn it.  
    Deyna jumped onto his back, trying to help but only adding a weight he didn’t want.  Stephen’s hand rested on his shoulder, keeping close to his side as they moved.  Stephen knew they couldn’t stop what Death had in mind.  They only had the option of going through it together and surviving whatever lay ahead. 
    “I’m more than capable of walking!” Phillip hissed. 
    Death didn’t respond until they faced the door.  The flowers crunched under their feet as they came to a halt in front of the peeling door.  He felt Deyna wince as she remained latched onto his back.  She hated the sound of those ashes; he knew this because he didn’t like the sound either.  It sounded like the flowers screeched, like they were screaming in agony with each crunch.  They’d once seen the flowers in full bloom, now it was as if every small thing in this place had been alive and Death took great pleasure in killing it, slowly.  Before Phillip could ask what was happening, the snakes quickly left him alone.  
    He breathed a sigh of relief and then felt an intense fire start in his gut and rush through his veins.  Death looked at him.  He looked at his friends and knew that they didn’t feel this intense rage taking over their bodies.  In the blink of an eye, the fire consumed him.  He yelled out, falling to his knees in agony.
    “Pip, what is it?” Stephen shouted as he barging past Death, knocking Him aside as if He was nothing. 
    “It... burns...” Phillip panted. 
     Jesus.  The rush of heat, the crushing embrace of the pain, it ripped through his body and pushed at his skin.  He couldn’t breathe; he couldn’t do anything to stop it.  He pulled at his clothing, hating that he had many layers on because of the harsh weather in the cemetery.  He pulled at his coat. 
    “Make it stop!” Deyna yelled and she helped him throw his coat aside.
    He clawed at his jumper, now fearful it would catch on fire from the heat that rushed out of his body. 
     “I don’t know how to stop it!” Stephen shouted.
     As his friends rallied around him, he could already feel that the pain had lessened.  The burning sensation was leaving his body.  Was this Death’s game? To try and weaken him before he’d even begun? 
    “What the hell was that?!” Stephen exclaimed as he helped Phillip to stand whilst he looked at his hands. 
    As Phillip tried to regulate his breathing, he noticed the patterns on his hands.  He held his breath seeing the pattern that looked a lot like a tattoo.  Death had marked his skin.  Had He given him a permanent tattoo? What the hell was He doing? How was Phillip meant to explain this thing to his parents?
    “What is that?” Deyna asked as she pushed his jumper back. 
    “It is the map,” Phillip whispered, looking directly at Death. “It wasn’t enough to simply hand me it, He had to burn it into my skin.”
    Death’s teeth chattered happily.  Phillip clenched his fists.  The urge to punch this skeleton in the face was already overwhelming him and he’d yet to begin the quest.  He’d never hated someone as much as he hated Death.  Phillip didn’t care if the punch actually broke his hand.  It would feel satisfying, even with the pain. 
    Death stepped into his personal space and grabbed him.  The snakes grabbed Deyna and Stephen.  Stephen swore whilst Deyna squealed, trying to push herself away from Him.  Phillip concentrated on Death.  On what was happening.  It was not the best time to lose his head.  Death’s hand reached for His door.  He opened it and looked at Phillip. 
    “I hope you can swim!”
    Phillip and his friends were pushed through the door as water quickly rushed up to meet them. 
CHAPTER THREE

 
Luckily, Phillip had held his breath the second Death had mentioned their ability to swim, but still, the shock of being pushed into water had forced most of the air out of his lungs.  He already felt the burn begin, the hungry need for oxygen rush through his body, telling his brain he needed to access air, and quickly.
    They were in deep water, the darkness signalled that.   Phillip had never felt pressure like the amount he felt on his body at this moment in time.  It was greater than when you touched the floor in the deep end of a swimming pool.  It was so dark he started to fear what may be lurking in the shadows that surrounded them.  Death would make sure there were things waiting for them.  
    He could see that Deyna and Stephen were close to him.  He knew that Deyna was panicking as her cheeks were puffed out as she held her breath.  Her green eyes, which were wide, looked at him, waiting for the answers. Answers he didn’t have.
    He looked around them but the water seemed to travel for miles.  The darkness rolled around them making him squint to see a way out.  He looked above them as they hovered in the space and he could see the faint gleam of light, the surface that offered them the air they needed.  Stephen swam up to him, making sure he could see his face.  Phillip nodded at the question in Stephen’s green eyes; Phillip pointed above them and motioned for Deyna to move. 
    He kicked his feet and pushed to the surface, the burn in his lungs intensifying with each passing second because his head knew he would soon get the air he needed.  His heart hammered in his chest, the fear of drowning was becoming too much for him, pushing that fear into his arms and his legs which made him swim slower.  His muscles had frozen up; they weren’t helping him at all. 
    He had to concentrate on the finish line.  He had to focus on living.   A soul, one that may be innocent, and judging by their past record, it probably was, needed his help.  He had to live.  He had to prove Death wrong.  He wasn’t the weakest one.  He was the quiet one, the one who stood back and assessed the situation, that didn’t make him weak.  It made him smart.  Smart people almost always won.
    As they neared the surface a strange calmness enveloped his body and the burn in his lungs almost disappeared.  Something felt different in the last moments before reaching the surface.  Deyna gasped as her head broke out of the water.  Phillip breathed slowly as he squinted against the warm sun that beamed down on them.  He took this chance to assess the place around them.  He couldn’t see land.  They appeared to be in the middle of an ocean, far away from anything else.  Of course they were; this was Death’s game.  He would make it as difficult as possible.  He wouldn’t give them land and Phillip realised where his quest was about to take place.  He expected them to complete the quest in the water.   
    “Well, this is different,” Stephen sighed. 
    “Why can’t we just be somewhere normal for once?” Deyna gasped.
    Phillip understood what Deyna was saying, but that wasn’t His way. “I need to experiment with something.”
    They looked at him as he dipped his head back under the water.  This would either work, or it would kill him.  There really was only one way to find out.  Phillip counted to five and took a deep breath.  His eyes widened and then he spluttered to the surface. “We can breathe!!”
    “I should think so too!” Deyna snapped, and looked at him like he’d finally lost his mind. 
    “No, we can breathe under the water.  Whatever Matthew gave us, it helps us to breathe under the water.”
    Phillip watched as the two of them dipped their heads under the water, tried to breathe and then resurfaced with the awe alive in their eyes. 
    “That is pretty good chewing gum,” Stephen murmured. “Do you think he will give us some after this quest?” 
    “I doubt it,” Deyna scoffed. 
    “We could make millions!” Stephen said, “But he shouldn’t have given it to us in the first place.  This puts us at an advantage against Death.  Matthew helped us... we would be dead now if he hadn’t intervened.  We were too deep, too far down...when I think about it, the pain lessened...”
    “Yeah, that is true, I felt like I wasn’t gasping for breath as much as I should have been towards the end.  But I feel like Matthew is the balance we didn’t have in the first quest, and putting us in water like this, that deep, there wasn’t a balance.  It was one sided.  It was sided for Death because this would have killed us,” Phillip explained. “Matthew balanced that out.  He did no more than what was needed.”
    Stephen nodded as Deyna chewed on her lip, deep in her own thoughts. Phillip knew that Matthew had done no more than what was needed, but still, he hoped that the man had wanted to help them.
    “So, what do we do now?” Deyna asked. 
     “We begin the quest,” Phillip stated as he pushed his bag off his shoulders and started rummaging around the contents.  
    The bag was bone dry.  Whatever Matthew had given them worked on everything that had been with them when they’d been pushed into this place.  Phillip thanked the lucky stars because the flashlights wouldn’t have worked otherwise.  He pulled out his flashlight and watched the others as they did the same thing.
    “Okay, I need help to see where we start first but I don’t know where it is on my body.  I guess I will leave that up to you two to find it, careful where you’re looking.”
    Stephen nodded and ducked under the water, the flashlight already at work in the water as he felt Stephen pull up his trouser leg.  He chuckled, feeling ticklish all of a sudden.  Deyna smiled shyly at him as she moved his jumper aside and lifted his top up. 
    “You don’t usually look so shy when you are lifting a man’s top up, do you?” he teased.
    “Shut up.” She playfully hit him. 
    He laughed at the blush that flushed in her cheeks. “What? I’m just saying it is probably endearing or something, to them anyway... I’ve seen the way a certain someone looks at you at college.” 
    She grinned at him as her fingers traced the tattoo that now covered his whole body.  She tickled his ribs for good measure before continuing, trying to find the start of the map.  He felt Stephen pulling and tugging near his feet which was putting him off balance as his head nearly slipped under the water. 
    “It is on your foot,” Stephen announced as he joined them both above the surface.
    “What is it?” Deyna asked.  Phillip could see the dread on her face.
    “It looks like plants or something.”
    Deyna groaned. “Great, well the advice I give to you is not to go in, or near the head of it,” Deyna muttered.
     Phillip knew that she remembered her last experience with the flower that almost chewed off her foot.  She still had some scarring there.  It was very faint but the boys knew it was there too.  They were the only ones who knew the reason behind it and Phillip actually thought of it as a battle scar, one she should be proud of.  They all had them and there would be more before this quest was over.
    “I think we learned from your experience, Deyna.” Stephen smiled thinly at her. 
    “Right, we have to go down.  He wants us in the water; we have to be on the bed... I guess in order to do that we need to release the breath out of our lungs.”
    “How do we do that?”
    “We duck our head under the water and exhale.”
    “But we won’t be able to breathe...” Deyna told him, matter of fact.
    “I think that is the whole point,” Stephen scoffed. 
    Deyna splashed Stephen in the face as Phillip smiled.  “You deserved that. I know it is strange and it is usually the thing we don’t do, but this has to be right...let’s do it.”
    Deyna took a steadying breath as the three of them slowly descended. Phillip could see the panic on their faces; his own probably held the same look.  He slowly let the air out of his lungs, waiting for the burn.  It didn’t come.  As his lungs expelled the air, his body started to sink. 
    He took another risk and opened his mouth. “Once we are down on the bed, we will be able to breathe normally; the pressure from the water around us will anchor us there.  Right now, the air in our lungs acts like a float.”
    Deyna’s breath left her lungs in one great big rush as he finished speaking, her surprise evident on her face.  “Holy cow! We can talk!” she squeaked. 
    He’d spoken to them under water.  His lungs hadn’t filled with the stuff.  It was unbelievable, so unbelievable that despite the situation, he couldn’t hide his grin.  As the air in their lungs decreased, they found their bodies sinking further into the abyss.  Their only light source was their flashlights. The stream of light zigzagged in every direction as they looked for the unknown. 
    They floated down in silence.  Each of them no doubt lost in their own amazement at what was happening.  He watched fish swim right by him.  Death couldn’t be at play here, it was just too bloody nice.  “I think we can breathe normally now,” Phillip told them. 
    He took a deep breath in, like he would on the surface and felt fine. Deyna and Stephen did the same. 
    “This is so weird,” Stephen murmured.
    “I can’t believe we can talk in the water,” Deyna said. 
    “Matthew helped us so it was always going to be different.  I don’t think that man knows what normal is.”
    Their feet finally touched the floor after what seemed like hours of sinking.  Phillip didn’t look up.  He knew he would only see darkness anyway.  He shook off the sand that had latched onto his trainers and looked down as the sand seemed to suck him in again. “I have a funny feeling it will be exhausting walking in this...” he sighed. 
    Stephen nodded. “Yep, we are definitely going to feel the burn from this.”
    Phillip watched Stephen and Deyna pull off their coats and wrap them around their waists.  He couldn’t believe how warm it was at this depth.  He’d expected it to be cold but it wasn’t.  The heat was only going to make this trek harder.  He couldn’t believe it but he actually missed the cold from the Stephen’s quest. “Right, Stephen, did the map give a direction as to which way we had to go first?”
    Stephen looked at him. “No, but if it helps the plants were located near your ankle bone.”
    Phillip shook his head.  Death wouldn’t make it easy.  Not only had it be extremely painful to have this thing imprinted on his skin, there weren’t even any directions.  None of the maps had been too forthcoming with the information. 
    He looked around, sweeping the beam around them.  Nothing.  There was nothing here to help them.  Okay.  He had to think.  This was his quest now.  He was the only one who could help them get out of this.  He could learn from the previous quests.  The quests had been an eye opening and a unique educational experience. 
    “We know how you feel, Pip, just so you know that you are not alone,” Deyna said, squeezing his hand. 
    Phillip nodded his head and smiled at her. “Okay.  If the first thing is on my ankle, we must be the toes... this sounds ridiculous, but it is the only thing we have to work with.”
    “If it feels right to you, work with it,” Stephen nodded. 
    “So, we have to head in that direction, I’m assuming that this way if north.”
    “Okay.”
    They set off walking in the direction they assumed was to the north.  It was difficult being under the water and having no other points to look at to guide them.  Not that Phillip had ever used any other points to get directions in the first place.  He’d never been a boy scout or anything, but there was a first time for everything.  They trudged through the darkness, watching for the plants.  They didn’t even know what the plants were or what they looked like, but Phillip assumed that once they saw the plants, they would know.  He knew one thing from all of this, he already felt tired.  The pressure on their bodies caused them to take bigger, heavier steps and he found that he really pushing himself to move in this place.  It was as hard as trying to run in the sea.  If something was to appear now, he knew that he would have to push his body hard to fight it off and he wasn’t sure he had the energy, even in these early stages of the quest. “We need to take a br-”
    Phillip’s suggestion was cut short when his neck was suddenly grasped from behind.  What the hell was that? By the shock on Stephen’s face, this wasn’t exactly a brilliant development.  After the shock of being pulled from behind, he knew it was a ghost due to the cold hands that were wrapped around his neck.
    Phillip veered off trying to unlatch the ice cold hands that were around his throat.  Before he managed to do that, Stephen jumped at the second ghost that had suddenly latched onto his back.  
CHAPTER FOUR


    “Get off him!” Deyna screeched as she wrestled the second ghost that had suddenly jumped on his back. 
    Where the hell were all these ghosts coming from? What had he done to them? Actually, the questions whizzing around his head were not important.  He couldn’t breathe.  It was like the ghost had suddenly stopped the chewing gum pebble from working.  The second ghost that had appeared alongside the first was also trying to kill him.  What the hell was going on? Why were they trying to kill him when he was here to help them?  And why the hell did he have two ghosts? He had to stop thinking about things he couldn’t answer and instead he needed to focus on getting out of this.
    The ice from these two ghosts worked its way into his bones and stalled the blood in his veins which meant he could no longer move his legs.  He could no longer run.
    “You murderer!” The first ghost screamed as her hands tightened around his neck. 
    “Get off!” Stephen grunted as he pulled on the second ghost.
    “I...haven’t...” He couldn’t get the words out of his mouth as the hands tightened. 
    Stephen wrestled with her.  Her hands wouldn’t move.  Phillip was sure his face was turning blue.  Stephen finally got her to loosen her grip and the two of them went tumbling along the ocean floor.  Now Phillip only had the one ghost to deal with and that ghost was attached to his back, he felt he could manage this whole situation a little better now that he wasn’t outnumbered, and he could breathe.  He tried to grab her but his hands went through her body which sent ice coursing through him.  Jesus.  He had never felt coldness like it. “Get the hell off me!!” he shouted. 
    “You’re a murderer!”
    Why were they calling him this? They didn’t know who he was.  He had never hurt anyone in his entire life.  There was no way to get rid of her unless he went crazy and wasted much needed energy.  He looked at Deyna who tried to grab the ghost’s leg.  She grimaced as the ice cold ran through her body.  To hell with it.  He went crazy and threw all of his energy at them.
    He shook his body so violently he felt his teeth protest, but it worked.  Her hands slipped and then he fell to the floor and rolled, rolling over her, or through her, depending on which way you wanted to look at it, but she let go.  He coughed as he rubbed his neck and stepped back.  Holding his hands out in front of him, fully prepared to punch her, he finally looked at the ghost. 
    He would say she was middle aged, although he wasn’t good at guessing a woman’s age and his mother had clipped him around the ear a few times in the past for opening his mouth.  Her hair was curled high on her head, and inside her hair were curlers, like those you saw women wear when they were in the hairdressers.  Why was she wearing them? The rest of her shimmering form didn’t give much away.  He couldn’t see any of her features, her eyes, as usual at the beginning of any of their quests, were two dark pools of nothing. 
    He appreciated the light from her shimmering form because he could see Stephen holding the second ghost.  His teeth were gritted together holding back his curse of pain as he did so.  This second ghost also held the same curlers in her hair.  Had the two women died together? Had they died in a hairdressing salon? That thought seemed unlikely.  What could kill you in those places? Death by hairdryer?  He’d never heard of such a thing, but there was always a first time.  Were these the two souls he had to save? He couldn’t believe he may have two of them.  Death really had outdone Himself this time.  Did Matthew know about this new development?
    “Now, tell me what the hell is going on?” Phillip demanded. 
    Stephen let his ghost go and stood beside Phillip, watching the two of them as they floated together and turned on them.  This didn’t make sense. He had two souls to save? But there were only meant to be three souls in that place.  He knew that Death didn’t abide by the rules, but on this, He had to.  He couldn’t keep souls that didn’t belong there, Matthew made sure of this. 
    “Murderer!” The first ghost spat at him.  This had been the ghost Stephen had wrestled with.
    Phillip sighed. “I haven’t murdered anyone, yet... Why do you keep saying that?”
    “Murderer!” The second ghost repeated. 
    Phillip looked at Stephen. “Do you think they can say any other words? Or maybe they are struggling to hear my questions with all this water, it probably got into their ears...”
    Stephen shrugged. “It is hard to tell, they both look stupid with those curlers in their hair.”
    The two ghosts quickly looked at Stephen and glared.  Even though they didn’t have eyes, they’d met enough ghosts to know when it was glaring at them.  So, they understood what they were saying.  Phillip tried again. “Are you the souls I have to save?”
    “Do you want us to be?” The first ghost spoke, the one who’d gone for his neck.
    Phillip held back a sigh.  This was going to be a long quest if they continued with this attitude.  There wasn’t much difference in the two ghosts.  Their ghostly forms were the same and their hair held the curlers that clung to their heads. The only difference Phillip could see was their dress.  One appeared darker in colour than the other, and that was only because of the shade of grey.  He could still distinguish the difference with how they attacked.
    “What is your name?” Deyna asked.
    “Why do you want to know?” Neck strangler ghost asked. 
    “I don’t,” Deyna snapped. “I was just making conversation.  If you don’t want to tell me, I won’t lose sleep over it. I think you may be right, Stephen.”
    The neck strangler ghost appeared to assess Deyna. “My name is Margaret.”
    Neck strangler ghost was Margaret and the other ghost was back grabbing ghost.  He just needed a name. 
    “Okay, Margaret, are you my ghost? Are you the one I have to save?”
    “Do you not want to save me?” Back grabbing ghost snapped. “Why don’t you want to save me? What have I ever done to you?” 
    “You both just tried to kill me so that means I’m not in the mood to save either of you!” Phillip bellowed. “Jesus! I have a headache already.”
    The second ghost sniffed as she folded her arms. “Margaret was right, you are a murderer.”
     Phillip growled. “How am I a murderer?! What do you think I’ve done?”
    Neither of them offered a response to his question.  He wasn’t surprised, but it still angered him.  Phillip threw his arms up in the air, exasperated.  What the hell was going on? Which ghost was his? Were they both his? Because he wasn’t sure he could handle them both. 
    He looked at Stephen and Deyna.  The two of them gave him blank stares. This wasn’t working out how he wanted it to. “Okay, we need to start again.  What is your name?” Phillip asked the second ghost, the one wearing the darker dress, the one who’d attacked his back.
    “Margaret.”
    Phillip looked at her. “Is that really your name?” Would Death really send him two souls called Margaret just to annoy him?
    “No.”
    He bit back his anger, holding back the torrent of words he really wanted to use. “So, what is your name?”
    “Anne.”
    “Okay,” Phillip sighed. “Do you two ladies know one another?”
    “Yes.” They responded at the same time. 
     Phillip nodded.  At least they were starting to answer his questions properly. “Are you the souls I need to save?”
    “The soul you seek is not here.”
    Phillip looked at Stephen who shrugged.  Okay.  He hated riddles but she had said soul, one soul.  That meant these two were not his souls to save.  If they weren’t part of his quest, who the hell were they? “Why are you here? How did you die?”
    The two ghosts were suddenly quiet as they appeared to be lost in memories.  He could appreciate the silence but he needed answers.  Phillip almost asked the question again, until Margaret opened her mouth.
    “I remember the blood...the pain...” Margaret whispered. “I remember the screams...”
    “We are here to teach you a lesson,” Anne hissed as she stalked towards him.
    “What lesson?” Phillip asked, wearily stepping back. 
    “Murderers can’t get away with what they did!”
    “I didn’t murder anyone,” Phillip snapped as he clenched his fists by his sides.
    “That’s what they all say!” Margaret exclaimed. 
    “Okay, I’m losing track of all of this,” Deyna complained. 
    Phillip nodded at her. “Yeah, me too but for some reason they believe I have murdered someone and they’ve come to this conclusion without really knowing who I am.”
    “We know who you are!”
    “Okay, I’ve had enough.  I don’t care if they are the souls I have to save or not.  If either of you are not my soul to save, I need to move on.  You two are giving me a headache.”
    The ghosts watched him but they didn’t respond.  Phillip stormed past them without giving them a chance at finding a colourful retort.  Deyna and Stephen were rushing quickly past the ghosts to keep up with him.  They walked with him. 
    “Are you sure that you don’t need to save them?” Deyna asked.
    “No, I’m far from sure but I can’t stand around and let them shout at me.  I will lose it if I did that.”
    “So, what is the plan?” Stephen asked him.  
    “We have to find the plant.”
     “Where do we find it?” Deyna asked. 
    “There.  It is over there.” Phillip pointed ahead of them. 
    In the distance in front of them was what looked like giant seaweed, it was too tall, and far too thin, but he didn’t know what it was.  He turned to Deyna, her knowledge coming in handy.
    “It is giant kelp,” Deyna informed them. 
    “It doesn’t look dangerous,” Stephen muttered. 
    “Appearances can be deceiving,” Deyna warned. 
    This was something they all knew rather well.
    “We need to get a better look at this,” Phillip said and started swimming up above the plant.  Luckily, this whole floating thing gave them an advantage.  Unfortunately, the women ghosts took it as an opening to start floating around them.  Phillip ignored them. 
    From up here, the giant kelp looked like they were doing one continuous Mexican wave.  The Mexican wave made up something else.  Phillip couldn’t believe what he was seeing. “It is one huge maze.” He’d never seen one as big as this.
    “But we can get to the middle,” Stephen said and began to swim towards the middle.  Only he wasn’t making any progress.  The more he pushed, the more he floated backwards.
    “No, it’s never that easy,” Deyna observed. 
    “Deyna, do you think you can remember the way in? You’re good with this stuff.   I have a funny feeling that once we enter, we won’t be able to look again...”
    “Are you saying that the maze won’t let us out until we get the middle?” Stephen asked.
    “I think so...” Phillip nodded.  He couldn’t say why he knew this, he just knew. 
    Deyna nodded, her eyes already moving around the maze, allowing the angles, the turns to sink into her memory.  After a few minutes she nodded again.  Stephen also looked like he was taking note of directions. 
    “Okay, before we begin, we need to sort out some weapons.”
     “There aren’t any in the bags?” Stephen asked him.
    “No.  I figured kitchen knives wouldn’t suffice, and I don’t have guns or anything.”
    “So, what do we use?”
    Phillip smiled now. “We use what we’ve been walking with all this time.”
    “The ghosts?”
    “No,” he said as he bent down and picked up a white, sharp edged object. “These are shark’s teeth.  We use them.  There can’t be any other object which is more tough and sharp in this whole place.”
    “Okay.” Stephen shrugged. 
    After making the knives, Phillip had been surprised at how much Deyna got into it, they headed towards the entrance of the maze.  Holding their knives and flashlights whilst the two ghosts floated behind them, they stepped over the threshold, the point of no return and began.  
    A small part of him was excited to go through this maze, the inner child loving it.  He would have loved running through the maze trying to find the middle.  In this situation, the adult part of him dreaded what he would see when they finally approached the whole point of this task.  
CHAPTER FIVE

 
As they took tentative steps around the maze, the kelp constantly moved around them, as if it was breathing.  Every single time it touched him, he jerked, expecting something to rush out at him.   He held his knife out in front of him, waiting for something gruesome.  Surprisingly, his hand was steady whilst his heart flapped around like a fish above water.  It didn’t help that the ghosts chattered behind them as if they were on a nice stroll in the park.   It put him on edge.  They seemed amused by their predicament which only angered him more.  They turned a corner, only to be greeted by yet another dead end. 
    “I’m sorry, I was so sure this was the right way,” Deyna whispered. 
     “Deyna, don’t worry.  We don’t know if Death is moving the posts... He could do that.”
    “I feel like I’ve been walking in the bloody maze for days,” Stephen complained. 
    Phillip held back his complaints.  He didn’t mind the walking, as long as the walking made sure they saw nothing deadly.  He didn’t like to think of what may pop up next. “Okay, let’s turn around and head another way.”
    “Which way should we go though? I can’t remember the right way anymore,” Deyna murmured. 
    “I wouldn’t worry, Deyna, if we are meant to get to the middle, we will get to the middle.  I’ve been thinking as we’ve walked around that Death wouldn’t want it to end this way.  He likes the game; He would make sure we went through enough for His satisfaction.”
    “Pip is right; we just need to keep going until we get to the middle.” Stephen nodded. 
    Phillip set off first.  He turned a corner and jumped back as a tornado of fish engulfed him.  They knocked him off balance and forced him to move away from his friends.  There was nothing he could do to stop it.  The force was too great. 
    “Pip! Don’t head that way!” Deyna shouted.
    “I can’t see where you are or where I’m heading!”
    Phillip pushed against the fish, the huge bulk seemed to surround him, steering him away from his friends. 
    “Follow my voice, Deyna!” he called. 
    He could hear her struggle as she moved towards him.  He could also hear Stephen curses.  The amazing thing was, inside the eye of the thing, the tornado was silent.  The fish were silent as they circled him.  All he could hear was his own gasping breaths and his friends struggle to help him.  
    “Do you feel like you are nearing me?” Phillip asked as the fish pushed him further. 
    The further he went, the more the kelp swallowed him.  If he continued, he wouldn’t get out. “Deyna?”
    “I’m close, keep pushing against the fish” she urged. 
    A second later, he felt Deyna’s hand brush against his shoulder.  She grabbed him. “Got you.”
    “Okay, let’s just get away from the fish.”
    “They don’t have red eyes,” Deyna observed.
    “They weren’t controlled by Death,” Stephen stated numbly, as if he was in shock that something could do that without Death’s controlling ways. 
    “No... but something doesn’t feel right about it.”
    The fish suddenly dispersed, leaving them.  They found themselves stood at an opening which could only be the middle of the maze.  They’d made it, but they’d done it with the help of a tornado made out of fish.  This definitely didn’t feel right. 
    “What the hell is going on?” Stephen whispered. 
    Long, blindingly white tentacles reached out towards them, pushing them back.  Phillip watched with disturbing awe as lightning vibrated in the head of the creature.  The sound of the crackling, the buzz of electricity made the hairs on his arms stand to attention.  He’d never seen a jelly fish like it.  The red eyes nestled deep within that lightning glared at them. 
    “That is bigger than anything I’ve ever seen before.”
     He looked at Deyna and saw the awe and fear on her face.  Stephen’s face remained impassive but Phillip knew what was running through his head.  The same thought that was rushing through his.  They had to get closer.  They had to kill that thing.  This was the main task.  This was the thing that, once killed, would get them out of the maze.   But what would happen when they reached the middle? How the hell would they kill this without getting killed themselves?
    The two ghosts, ones who had been rather quiet behind them, suddenly shouted.  Before Phillip knew what was happening, he felt ice cold hands push against him.  His feet slipped on the sand.  He knew what they were doing. They were pushing them into the jelly fish.  Stephen pushed back, Deyna cursed as she held onto the kelp nearest to her.  Phillip growled, yet it was impossible to keep his footing.  He watched Stephen slip.  All it took was just one fall in the wrong direction.  It happened as though it was in slow motion.  Phillip watched as the ice white tentacle shot into Stephen’s leg. 
    Stephen screamed and instantly vomited before he lost consciousness.  Christ.  Phillip could see the teeth that protruded out of those tentacles and he couldn’t imagine the pain.  It had to be very bad if Stephen had reacted like that.  His blood boiled with anger at what the ghosts had done, and then he felt his whole body snap, finally caving under the pressure of all the anger that had built up.  
    Phillip growled and pushed against the ghosts.  He really wanted to strangle them.  He wanted to wrap his hands around their tiny throats and push until they couldn’t breathe.  The thing that stopped him from doing just that... It wasn’t satisfying to strangle something that didn’t have to breathe in the first place.
    Anne veered off towards Deyna as he focused on Margaret.  He knew that ghosts felt pain; Lester and Lily had felt pain.  He just didn’t know if these ghosts cared, or if they would show their pain but this thought didn’t stop him.  He pulled back his knife and let it go.  He watched as it pushed into Margaret’s stomach.  She screamed, the black pits of her eyes flashing red for a moment. 
    “Death has control!” he yelled at Deyna.
    He bloody knew it!  He continued to push away from the centre of the maze, away from Stephen.  He didn’t like it, he didn’t want to leave his friend lying there on his own, unaided, but this was the only way.  Deyna had grabbed Anne by her hair, or what should have been her hair, and she was pulling her deeper into the kelp.  Phillip watched, whilst fending off Margaret’s advances, how Deyna used that kelp to imprison the ghost. 
    “It works!” Deyna exclaimed. “Whatever is used in this place, it works against them.”
     Phillip pulled at the kelp and started using it to bind Margaret who wriggled and moved around, trying to get away from him.  Once they had tied their ghosts up, they rushed to Stephen, pulling him gently away from the tentacles that continued to search within the area for prey.  His skin was pale, the blonde of his hair making him appear worse than what he was.  At least Phillip hoped that was the case.   Stephen’s lips were pulled thinly, his eyes scrunched tightly together, showing his pain. 
    “Stephen? Can you hear me?!” Phillip asked, shaking him. 
    “Pip, you shouldn’t do that,” Deyna murmured. “You could hurt him.”
    “We need to know how to save him! We need to know if he still here with us.”
    “I believe I can help with that,” Matthew offered as he stepped out of the shadows of the kelp.
    “I don’t think so,” Death leered as He quickly followed Matthew out of the many corners of the maze. 
    Phillip felt his anger push aside his concern at the appearance of Death.  He jumped to his feet and charged at Death, before his fist could connect with bone, Deyna pulled him back. “No! It won’t help us!”
    Phillip fists shook with rage.  He was protective at the best of times, but this was his quest, everything that happened here was on his head.  He knew one thing about jelly fish stings, they could kill you.  If Death had anything to do with it, this jelly fish would succeed.  He couldn’t lose Stephen.  Not on his watch.  He just couldn’t.
    “I believe Death had an unfair hand in this matter,” Matthew continued as he walked between Phillip and Death. 
    “I don’t know what you are implying...” Death sniffed.
    “The ghosts,” Matthew muttered.
    “What about them?”
    “They were possessed by you, yet again.”
    Death growled. “They are mine to do as I wish!”
    “No.  They are not,” Matthew snapped as he whirled around to face Death. “You can only use the creatures, you cannot use the ghosts.  Have you not learnt this lesson before?”
    Phillip watched as the snakes hissed along the sandy floor in their search for blood, in their search for Matthew.  Matthew ignored them.  Phillip was sure he hadn’t seen them anyway.  Matthew was the only person who didn’t fear Death and Phillip felt a pang of jealousy that someone could simply stand there and not fear the consequences.  Mixed with that jealousy was admiration.  He admired the man who had come to save them on so many occasions.
    “You must revive Stephen,” Matthew instructed.
    “I don’t revive people.  I kill them,” Death stated.
    Phillip pushed up into Death’s personal space, ignoring the snakes that wrapped around his legs. “Do it.  Now!” he hissed.
    Death’s jaw popped. “And what will you do, young Pip, if I don’t help?”
    “Don’t. Test.  Me,” he bit out.  Although, he wasn’t sure what he would do.  He hadn’t thought it through yet, but he knew he would do anything to save his friend, a friend who was more like a brother to him.
    “This needs to be resolved, now,” Matthew instructed. 
    Death’s ruby red eyes remained on Phillip for a second longer.  He eventually lifted His hand and they heard Stephen cough. 
    Deyna rushed to him, kneeling down as she lifted his head on her knees.  Stephen’s eyes focused and then he looked at them. “Jesus,” he croaked. “What the bloody hell happened?”
    “We will leave you now,” Matthew said. 
    Death glared at them. “Try not to avoid the tentacles...” He told them sarcastically before He too disappeared. 
    “I hate that thing,” Deyna muttered.
    “Yeah, but I don’t want one of those things to touch me again,” Stephen whispered and then winced as he looked down at the vomit that lay next to him. “Did I do that?”
    “Yeah, I would have done the same thing.  But moving on from that, I have an idea,” Phillip told them. “Can you stand up?”
    Stephen nodded and stood with their help. “What do you got have in mind?”
CHAPTER SIX

They rushed around the middle of the maze, avoiding the tentacles that lashed out at them.  It knew what they were doing and it didn’t like it.  Phillip really didn’t like how intelligent these creatures were.  He ducked and continued to knot the kelp.  Deyna neared him, pulling the kelp towards him.  They could see it forming, the cage that would hold the jelly fish in place. 
    The two ghosts had since disappeared but Phillip expected them to return so he was thankful for the peace and quiet for the time being and it was probably in their best interests to stay away from him at the moment.  They worked together, pulling the kelp in towards the centre, crisscrossing it until the tentacles struggled to move.  It never made a sound, but they knew it was mad.  The flash of lightning in its rather bulbous head gave that away. 
    “What now?” Deyna asked as she finished trying yet more kelp. 
    “Now, we kill it.”
    “Pip!” Stephen called. 
    Phillip felt his heart quicken as the two of them rushed to Stephen. They assessed the area, looking for the danger.  Stephen appeared to be unharmed. 
    “Have you seen this?” Stephen asked them. 
    Stephen had managed to trap a tentacle within the kelp.  It moved slowly, but he could see it.  He could also see the razor sharp teeth that vibrated with hunger.  It wasn’t the sharp teeth that had grabbed his attention, it was the thing held within it.
    “Is that newspaper?” Deyna asked, edging warily towards it. 
    Phillip risked getting as close as he could. “It does look like newspaper.... but the pieces are all over the tentacles.  We could die trying to get them...”
    “Something tells me this was His plan all along,” Stephen murmured. 
    “No, we just need to kill it,” Phillip told them.
    “We can’t float above it.  The maze won’t allow it.”
    “We won’t have to.  I made this...” Stephen told them as he showed them the bamboo like thing.  It looked like a pocking device.  On the end of it, Stephen had clustered a collection of shark’s teeth. 
    “Do you want to do the honours, considering it attacked you?” Phillip smirked. 
    Stephen smiled back. He turned, braced his body and then attacked the jelly fish.  Bright red blood quickly encased them, taking away any hope of seeing what was happening around them.  He’d never known a jelly fish could bleed, or in fact, bleed this much.   He was positive it couldn’t.  Where had all the blood come from? This was Death’s theatrics, again.  Phillip was certain.  He held his breath, unsure of what would happen if the blood entered his body. 
    Stephen continued his attack, making sure it was dead.  Once the blood had nearly disappeared, Stephen stepped back and held the device as Phillip cut through the kelp.  He watched the tentacles.  If they looked like they were ready to attack, he would have to jump out of the way but they continued to float limply around them.  This jelly fish was definitely dead. 
    As the kelp released the jelly fish, it started floating upwards.  Phillip jumped into action. “Cut off the paper before it gets away from us!”
    He heard Deyna and Stephen grunt with the effort as they tore the paper from the jelly fish.  It felt like they were hacking away for what seemed like an age, but it had to only be a minute at the most.  They stood in the middle of the maze, the paper in their hands, as they watched the jelly fish float into the darkness above them. 
    “Right, what happens now?” Deyna asked. 
    “I don’t think we are going to get transported to another place now that we’ve reached the middle.”
    “Obviously, Ste,” Deyna sighed. 
    “We aren’t meant to be transported.  The newspaper clippings are a clue. We just need to find a place to sit down and go through them.”
    “But why would Death give us a clue?” Deyna asked. 
    Phillip had thought about it. “He didn’t.  He thought we would die trying to get the clue.  He hadn’t thought about Matthew, about the ghosts involvement, or the fact that we’d figure out how to use the kelp against it. He underestimates us quite a lot really.”
    He watched as Deyna and Stephen thought about it and then nodded their agreement.  They began trudging their way back through the maze, pushing aside the kelp to find an easier route through.  Phillip assumed it was safe as they’d already killed the thing in it.  He didn’t care at this moment in time about any repercussions.  He had a clue.  A small clue at that, but it was a clue.  He didn’t have a soul to save, he had two very annoying ghosts who were sure to pop out soon, but this was a start.  
    Stephen helped him grab some of the kelp and store it in their bags.  Just in case they needed it.  Weapons were scarce here which meant they had to use whatever they could, even giant looking seaweed.  As the pushed their way out of the kelp, their flashlights did little to reveal what was ahead of them. 
    “Maybe we should wait here, sleep some of the time away...?” Stephen huffed.
    “I just want to push a little bit more.  I don’t want to be near this kelp anymore.”
    They didn’t argue with him as they slowly made their way into the darkness. “Wait, we need to look at the map.”
    Phillip pulled up short and started lifting his trouser leg. 
    “There isn’t anything there, Pip.  I looked last time.  The kelp runs all the way up your leg from your ankle bone.”
    Phillip nodded.  “Fine, I guess we will just continue in this direction.  Hopefully something will steer us in the right direction...”
    The kelp was no longer visible to them as they continued with their trek but even now Phillip was starting to feel the effects of the day so far.  Stephen also looked tired.  Deyna’s flashlight, the flipping this way and that, was also giving him a headache. “Okay, we can stay here for now.” He couldn’t continue walking any more today.
    “In the middle of nowhere?” Deyna asked. 
    “Anywhere else you want to go?” Phillip asked her as he sat on the floor.
    Deyna shrugged. “I just hate all this darkness.”
    “Thought you might be used to it by now,” Stephen laughed but his heart wasn’t in it and it soon faded away. 
    “Just because you experience something so often, it doesn’t meant to say you like it, or grow used to it.”
    “Wow, Deyna, that was poetic,” Stephen teased.
    “Shut up,” Deyna giggled. 
    Phillip smiled.  He missed this.  After this quest he hoped they could get that back.  He missed the carefree jokes and the easy banter between them.  He also admired their strength, the fact that they could still joke at a time like this.  It helped them get through the quest.  
    He also missed the simple things, like enjoying life without thinking of what was around the corner or thinking about what Death had in store for them.  Everyone knew they were going to die, from the moment you are born you are dying, it is often what you do in the ‘in between’ part that is important.  But in this place, it took away the enjoyment of the middle part; it wasn’t when they were going to die that bothered him anymore.  It was the how. 
    As they settled down, Phillip pulled out a piece of chocolate and quickly ate it.  Deyna was happily chewing the sweets he’d packed for her.  Stephen was eating a pork pie.  Phillip knew he would appreciate it.  At least they would be happy with some of his decisions in this quest. 
    “Okay,” Phillip began. “Let’s sort out these clippings.”
    They used the floor to arrange the clippings so that a story built.  Deyna stood back, her hands fisted on her hips.  Phillip could see the pieces that were missing.  This was never meant to be easy, and he hated jigsaw puzzles.  Phillip bent down and began reading the little snippets they did have. 
    “It mentions murders, multiple murders, over here,” Stephen told him. 
    “I see my name!” Margaret squealed as she floated towards the newspaper.
    “Great, no more peace and quiet,” Phillip muttered making sure it was just loud enough for the ghosts to hear.  Where they hell had they appeared from? And why were they here now?
    Deyna stepped towards the paper but remained cautious of the ghosts.  Phillip wouldn’t put it past them to take what little they had.  He looked at the section that held her name.   A lot of it was lost to them.

                                   ‘Margaret Pullins, aged 52, was found
                                                                                                   bodies                                                      
                                                                                      shot in the head
                                                                             twice in the stomach.’


    Phillip looked over at Deyna and noticed that her face had turned a sickly white in colour.  He really hoped she would manage to keep down the sweets she had just enjoyed.  Phillip couldn’t imagine the pain felt after being shot multiple times.  The clipping hadn’t even stated how many times she had been shot in the head.  Hopefully, that had been the first round of shooting and she’d felt no more after.  As much as the ghost annoyed him, he would never wish that kind of pain on anyone. 
    “Pip, here, there is a section here on the killer,” Stephen exclaimed. 
    Phillip quickly rushed to him but before he could read them the floor beneath them shuddered.  He grabbed hold of Deyna as their heads snapped up looking for the next threat. 
    Phillip stepped around the clippings and lifted his torch; his eyes squinted as he searched.  He felt his heart drop to his feet the moment he saw it.  “Grab the clippings, now!”
    They rushed to gather the clippings as the tornado that had suddenly formed in the water surged towards them. 
CHAPTER SEVEN


They rushed to gather the clippings and push them into the bags as the water around them surged with a power that made Phillip feel breathless. This was going to hit them like a car hitting a brick wall at high speed.  He’d never felt pressure like it and that was from a distance.  There was no way he wanted to feel the pressure in the middle of it.  Phillip watched as the tornado glided along the floor towards them.  He saw how it simply lifted the sand and scattered it in every direction.  He knew they were in trouble.  They had nothing to hold onto, other than each other. 
    “We have to tie ourselves together!” 
    He set his bag on the floor and started pulling out the kelp.  Quickly wrapping and trying it around his waist, he moved to Deyna and did the same.  The water picked up speed, churning around them.  Deyna’s short gasps let him know how nervous she was.  He squeezed her hand, giving her false reassurance.  His heart thudded loudly in his ears but even that didn’t drown out the noise the tornado made.
    The two silent ghosts were swept up in the storm.  Their illuminated bodies were thrown around like a ragdolls, highlighting every little thing that would happen to them.  Like a preview of what was to come.  That was definitely Death’s sense of humour.  The ghosts finally spoke.  They screeched as the wind threw them around.  If it hurt the ghosts, it was most likely going to hurt them.  
    They stood together, holding onto one another as the thing hit them.  He shouted as the tornado, as the overwhelming force of water, lifted them off the floor and dragged them in to the large cylinder.  He’d told them to hold onto him, but that instruction was beyond impossible.  The force of the water pulled at their hands and he felt their fingers slipping.  He couldn’t breathe as the force of the water pushed and crushed their bodies. 
    “Pip!” Deyna shouted as her hand slipped. 
    Phillip lurched towards her; Stephen did the same, the two of them trying to grab her hands.  She reached towards them as the kelp snapped around her waist, jolting her for a second.  It held, but only just.  Christ.  He had to swallow to dislodge his heart that had suddenly jumped into his throat. 
    They had time yet.  But even Phillip could see the way the kelp strained against the pressure. “Deyna, reach for our hands!” Phillip yelled above the constant whine of the wind. 
    “Pull on the kelp, anchor yourself in!” Stephen instructed. 
    “No!” Phillip warned, but it was already too late. 
    Deyna’s hands had pulled at the kelp.  It snapped as Phillip tried to jump towards her, but she was gone, sucked up in the swirling tornado. “Deyna!”
    Phillip could see her flashlight for maybe a second more, and then it was gone. “Hold onto me, Ste!” he instructed. 
    “Deyna!” Ste called out to her. “It’s my fault.  I told her to hold the kelp.  I told her to bloody do something I knew not to do myself! What the hell was I thinking?!” 
    Phillip could see the way Stephen’s eyes shimmered.  His friend couldn’t lose it now.   He shook his head. “No.  It isn’t your fault.  These things are sent to test us.  She hasn’t gone.  Not yet! It was a mistake, but one that we won’t make again.”
    They held each other as the storm threw them around, as the wind pushed them and forced them into the dark depths of the sea.  Their bodies were as weightless as a feather in the wind.  After what seemed like an age, the storm finally died away and left them gasping for breath.  Phillip had never felt so tired in his life, but they couldn’t rest.  They had to find Deyna. They had to make their way back.  He wasn’t sure where they had been, but they had to try.  
    “Pip?” Stephen asked. 
    “I know.”
    “How? How do we do that? She could be anywhere.”
    “We don’t stop until we have found her.  Come on.”
    Phillip didn’t have the energy to run, but he had to find her.  He couldn’t leave her here.  Not on his quest.  He found with the two ghosts gone and the fact they were down a flashlight that the darkness was more oppressive. They ran into the darkness without a care to which direction they were going. 
    “Pip! We can’t keep running like this!” Stephen shouted as he gasped for breath. 
    “We can’t...stop... we have to continue!” Phillip panted.
    “Listen,” Stephen said as he grabbed his arm, forcing him to stop. “We can’t keep doing this.”
    “We can’t leave her.”
    “Looking for something?” A voice teased as it showed itself to them. 
    Phillip held up his knife.  “Who are you?” Phillip really couldn’t trust any of the ghosts that had showed themselves to him on his quest.  This was a new ghost which meant he didn’t know what this ghost was capable of yet.
    The ghost didn’t respond to his question.  Phillip watched as the ghost approached him, yet the ghost never showed his face.  Its head was pushed to the side, as if it was looking behind him.  At the last second, before the ghost reached them, it quickly dragged Deyna out of the darkness.  The ghost held a knife to her throat.  The very knife they had made to protect themselves. 
    “Are you hurt?” Phillip asked her, the relief at seeing her was making his knees feel weak. 
    “No, not really.” Deyna shook her head. “But I’m already sick of this one!”
    “Watch it, lady!” the ghost hissed as he dug the knife deeper into her neck. 
    Deyna winced, but her fists were tightened down by her sides.  Phillip saw the blood pop out of the wound and trickle down her neck.
    “Wait!” Phillip urged.  Damn it. How could he appeal to the ghost when it didn’t look at him? “What do you want?” Phillip asked the first question that popped into his head. 
    The ghost laughed. “I want to live!”
    “Okay, I... I understand...and how do I help you with that? How does it help when you are holding a knife to our friend’s neck?”
    Phillip waited; he watched how his words affected the ghost that stood in front of them. 
    “There is only one way to help,” the ghost sneered. “You all must die. Starting with this little girl first!”
CHAPTER EIGHT


    “I’m afraid that is not going to happen,” Stephen hissed as he stepped closer to Deyna and the ghost. 
    “Who the hell are you?” Phillip demanded. 
    The ghost didn’t speak.  He didn’t look at Phillip, and that churning in his gut became a tornado of its own.  Something didn’t feel right.  Deyna remained captive; the knife had created a thin line of red across her neck. Phillip had to do something.  He couldn’t stand back and allow this ghost to hurt her.  He stepped closer to them but the ghost backed up. 
    “Stay back!” the ghost snarled. 
    Phillip continued to move on. “Why don’t we discuss what your problem is? Why are you here?” If Phillip could keep the ghost busy, maybe Stephen could managed to extract Deyna from its grasp. 
    The ghost shifted its body, moving Deyna with it.  Deyna remained quiet. She knew what they were doing; she just had to be quiet, she couldn’t draw attention to herself.
    “I don’t know why I’m here!” The ghost snapped. “I know that you are to blame, Phillip.  I know that you all must suffer for what you have done to me!”
    The knife slid a little across Deyna’s throat making her wince.  Phillip jerked towards her that little bit quicker.  He held his hand out, trying to talk with the ghost, trying to show him that they would not hurt him.
    “Who says we are to blame?” Phillip asked. 
    This had Death written all over it.  Phillip gritted his teeth, trying to hold back his angry curse.  The ghost didn’t say anything.  Phillip found it disturbing to talk to the ghost’s neck.  The face was hidden in Deyna’s hair.  Something was wrong about all of this. 
    “Who says we are to blame?” Phillip persisted. 
    “I know what you are doing!” The ghost yelled. 
    “What am I doing?” Phillip edged that little bit closer.  The ghost couldn’t see him, not behind all of Deyna’s ash blonde hair.
    “You’re trying to distract me! You’re trying to save your friend! I wasn’t saved!”
    “I wasn’t there to save you!” Phillip argued. 
    “Yes you were!!”
    The ghost turned, the its one eye glared at Phillip.  Phillip stumbled back as a gasp left his mouth. 
    Phillip tried to compose his face, but it was impossible.  He’d never seen anything like it.  He heard Stephen try to compose his own shock.  The ghost’s face was gone.  Half of its features weren’t there.  Where his eye, his cheek, his nose, his lips should have been, there was just a hole.  What the hell had happened to this ghost? It looked like half his face had been blown off. 
    “What happened to you?” Stephen whispered. 
    The ghost pushed at Deyna, lifting his free hand to point at him.  “He did it! He did it!”
    The ghost blamed Phillip.  Again, what was with the ghosts blaming him? He didn’t know this ghost.  He’d never met him before.  How was he to blame?
    “I didn’t do anything,” Phillip murmured.  “I don’t know who you are.  What is your name?”
    He couldn’t look at the ghost.  The way the skin floated around features that should have been there made his stomach turn. 
    “He must pay!” The ghost screeched. “He knows me! He is lying!”
    “What is your name?” Stephen demanded as he asked the same question. 
    “Ask him! He knows my name!!”
    Phillip shook his head.  He didn’t know this person.  He could hardly recognise him.  “I don’t know you, I’m sorry.”
    “You’re sorry about this!” The ghost waved his hand in front of his face. “You know me! I’m Michael!”
    Phillip tried to search around, trying to search for a person called Michael, someone that he may have known.  He didn’t know him. “I’m sorry, I don’t know you.”
    Everything suddenly slowed down.  Phillip saw the hand that gripped the knife position itself to deliver the final sweep across Deyna’s neck.  He couldn’t allow that to happen.  On a war cry, Phillip launched himself at the ghost. 
    He slammed into Deyna knocking the knife aside as he pushed his way through the ghost.  The shock of the cold knocked the breath out of him but it had worked as he saw Deyna fall away from the ghost and scramble towards Stephen. 
    “You must die!” The ghost screeched. 
    Phillip wheezed, trying to get much needed air back into his lungs.  He’d never fully walked through a ghost before and it hurt a million times more than a ghost touching his hand.  
    The ghost roared making the skin flap around its face.  Phillip jumped up from his position on the floor and charged at the ghost.  Once again the ghost floated there as Phillip rushed through it.  The ghost turned quickly and slammed his hand through Phillip’s stomach.  Phillip gasped. The pain, he imagined, was like that of a sledgehammer hitting his stomach.  He was unable to breathe as the coldness seemed to stretch and wind itself around his organs.  He could feel the flow of his once warm blood stall like ice in his veins.  This wasn’t good. 
    He pushed back, lifted his hand then grabbed the ghost’s neck.  For once it worked.  He’d taken the ghost by surprise.  He tightened his grip, feeling the cold hand slosh around in his gut. 
    “Pip!” Stephen yelled, the shout only just reaching him through the rush of blood in his head. 
    “Pip, don’t do this!”
    “He murdered before...” the ghost gasped. “He...will do...it again!”
    “Pip!”Stephen warned. “You know what will happen if you kill this ghost, you know who will take you.”
    Stephen’s sombre tone made Phillip drop his hand.  He knew that Death would enjoy having his soul to torture for all eternity.  He would not win this way, but he was growing tired of ghosts hurting them and trying to kill them.
    The ghost pulled his hand from Phillip’s stomach and floated away from them, suddenly very silent.  Phillip wheezed and rubbed at his stomach, he expected to see blood, something, but all was fine. 
    The ghost left the three of them huddled together but it didn’t venture far, Phillip kept his eye on the ghost who was more than a little agitated and liable to do anything at a moment’s notice. 
    “What do we do now?” Deyna asked as she kept one eye on the ghost. 
    “I don’t know.  I don’t understand why he blames Pip.”
    “I don’t understand that either.  He won’t answer our questions.  So far I’ve found that all of the ghosts have tried to ignore everything I have asked them and they have always put us in danger.”
    “Nothing new there then,” Stephen muttered, bringing a small smile to Phillip’s face. 
    As they huddled together, the night started to creep in.  Phillip shrugged his shoulders and looked at his friends. “I’m going to call it a day.  We need to use the kelp to create a sort of tent so we are protected.”
    Deyna and Stephen exchanged a glance as they set to work.  Phillip ignored it.  He couldn’t understand why things weren’t making sense.  He couldn’t understand why they still didn’t have any answers.  He knew the others thought this too. 
    During the previous quests, the ghost hadn’t blamed the others for their deaths. They had tried to hurt or kill them, so that was nothing new.  But for a ghost to be so persistent in knowing him, he couldn’t understand it.  He didn’t know them so he could only assume that Death was playing a new game. 
    As they lay under the cover of the kelp, Phillip looked above them and watched as the illuminated glow from the jelly fish surrounding them drifted across the vast open space.  What was he going to do? What would happen if they neared the end and he still didn’t have the answers?
    Was he fully prepared to die? Where was the soul he was meant to save? Surely that ghost wasn’t the one he had to save? What had happened to its face? Was the ghost in the same place as Margaret? Had he been shot? He had too many questions and none of the ghosts were stepping forward with the answers. 
    He sighed, dreading what lay up ahead and knowing there was nothing he could do to stop it.  He rolled over, looked at his friends sleeping and tried to get the sleep and rest he knew he would need for the rest of this quest. 
CHAPTER NINE

    
Phillip stirred and felt the hand tighten around his torso.  He jerked awake; fighting whatever was holding him down, only to find it was the kelp he was wrapped up in.  He waited a moment to let his heart rate return to its normal rhythm.  The thunder still remained in his ears whilst he assessed the area around them again.  They were alone.  No souls had appeared during the night.
    “Deyna, Ste, we need to get out of this,” he told them. 
    Deyna woke and instantly started attacking the kelp that had, for some reason, stated to wrap itself around them.  Death would use anything to unnerve them.  For the best part of ten minutes, all you could hear was the grunts from the effort it took to free themselves from the plant.  They attacked the kelp, breathing heavily as they fought their way out.  All he could think was, this wasn’t the best way to start a day.  He didn’t want to feel tired from fighting the kelp. 
    As they cut away the last of it, Stephen looked at Phillip.  Stephen’s dark blonde hair was pulled in every direction.  The water didn’t move it, but the work had.  In Stephen’s green eyes, Phillip saw the question: what now? Where do they go from here? 
    Phillip hated that he had to be the one to answer it.  He’d tried to think of an answer whilst they’d been sleeping next to him.   He went with the easy option first.  No doubt the hard stuff would hit them throughout the day.  “We need some food first,” Phillip informed them. 
    “What are we meant to eat?” Deyna asked. 
    “Fish,” Stephen replied and smirked at the disgusted expression on Deyna’s face. 
    “Raw fish?” Deyna asked as she shuddered. 
    They all knew she didn’t like to eat things like that.  She liked her meat and fish well cooked. 
    “What else is there, we have fruit in our packs but I need something warm,” Stephen complained. 
    “One problem,” Phillip sighed. “We can’t do anything warm because we are surrounded by water.” 
    He did forget about it most of the time.  It felt strange that the water didn’t affect them other than to slow them whilst walking.  He didn’t feel wet.  He didn’t feel the coldness from the water.  But now, in times like this, it hindered them.
    “Perhaps I can help with that,” Matthew interrupted.
    They turned and watched Matthew step out of the many shadows that surrounded them.  Did he always lurk in the shadows waiting for an opportune moment to help them? Phillip bit his tongue, seconds from asking him that question.  If Matthew watched them, he knew that Death would also be on the sidelines, waiting.  Where was He now if Matthew was here?
    Instead of asking the many questions, he went with another question that was bothering him. “Perhaps you can help us with the quest by allowing me to meet the soul I’m meant to save, rather than the ones who try to kill me all the time.  That would help,” Phillip said dryly.
    A small smile tugged on Matthew’s lips. “Well, I will help as much as I can.  Here, gather together.”
    They did as they were told.  As they stood in a circle, they watched as Matthew moved his arms wide.  Phillip saw it, just a small glimmer of something unusual, but it was there. 
    “This is a bubble, one that will hold fire for you to eat,” Matthew told them. 
    “Is this against the rules?” Stephen asked, air quoting ‘the rules’.
    Matthew smiled. “Sometimes the rules can be bent a little.  He often does as He wishes.  It is my turn.”
    “How are we going to start a fire? How are we going to kill the fish?” Deyna asked. 
    Deyna was right.  There wasn’t a ghost to start a spark.  There wasn’t wood to light a fire.  He tried to hold back the irritated sigh he felt bubbling in his chest. 
    “I believe I can bend the rules a little more,” Mathew murmured. 
    As Matthew disappeared without giving them a further explanation, wood appeared in the bubble, wood that smouldered steadily until Stephen bent and dealt with it, building the fire.  Phillip’s skin sighed from the heat. The warmth from the fire made the stress of everything lift from his shoulder and leave him for a little while.  
    “Okay, now we just need the fish?” Deyna said. 
    Phillip looked up and grinned. “We have our fish.” He pointed above them where a small cloud of fish circled. 
    “Time to catch our food,” Stephen hollered and pushed off, swimming above them. 

*


    They sat and ate the hot fish in silence, savouring every little bit of it.  Even Deyna had stopped complaining about the fish eyes watching her, it tasted too damn good to complain.  After filling their stomachs, they moved on.  Phillip had pulled up his jeans to look at the map and was informed by Deyna and Stephen that they were now above Phillip’s knee.  It looked right, but it was always difficult to see when it came to the maps Death produced.  
     From the clue on his knee they were heading towards what looked like rocks.  Phillip didn’t know what these rocks would bring or what they would look like.  Every damn turn in this place had his heart palpitating with nerves.  He just wanted to find his soul.  Why was that part so difficult? If he had his soul, he could concentrate on finding the answers.  Right now, he had too many other things to worry about, like if the other ghosts would band together and try to hurt them, again.  
    They continued to walk into the unknown.  Each of them lost in their own personal thoughts.  There was no sight of any more ghosts, it was rather ironic as the ghosts they had met were more than annoying, but the lack of another ghost was also making him nervous, even the ones who had been with them were now missing.  He expected them to jump out at any moment.  He was forever turning around, looking in the great unknown, waiting for his ghost to appear. 
    Phillip stopped walking and held his hand up so the others stood beside him.  Up ahead were the rocks that were tattooed around his knee. 
    “Oh Christ,” Stephen muttered. 
    Phillip nodded his head.  ‘Oh Christ’ didn’t quite cover it, but he knew where he was coming from.  Looking at the rocks he could see that there was no way over them.  The peak was lost in the murky darkness of the water above them.  There was no way they could climb that.  They didn’t have the equipment for one, and the water made their movements more sluggish.  It would make them very weak.  Something Death would want. 
     There was only one thing for it... they would have to venture into it. “Right, we are going to have to go into it.”
    Phillip ignored Deyna’s moan. 
    “I know it will be dark and there will be things in there, just keep your knives steady in front of you.”
    “Don’t make any rash movements, just keep your hand close to your side, steady footwork, eyes alerts,” Stephen told them. 
    His police training would come in handy here. 
    “For once, I feel like it would beneficial to have one of those strange ghosts here, at least for the light and not for their constant sarcasm,” Deyna hissed. 
    Phillip agreed.  He looked at the two of them and received nods.  Their hands were held in front of them as they entered, sticking close together with their small flashlights working at making the place look bigger.  Phillip blew out the breath he’d held in his lungs.  This place was darker than the sea, and that was dark enough as it was.  He shivered without actually feeling the cold.  Places like this gave him the creeps. 
    As they slowly walked further into the unknown, the floor trembled. Phillip stalled, holding Deyna back.  Stephen slowly turned; the small stream of light searching for the movement. The floor suddenly jerked as if it was coming to life. 
    “Earthquake?” Stephen asked.
    Deyna shook her head as the floor continued to move beneath their feet.  
    Phillip didn’t have time to figure it out.  The floor suddenly lifted, taking them with it.
CHAPTER TEN


Phillip tried to hold on but there was nothing to hold onto.  The rock, a giant floating rock which was bigger than a bus, carried them upwards. There was no way he could stretch his arms wide enough to hold on, to move and jump down.  Luckily Deyna was on the same rock as him which meant he could keep his eye on her.  Stephen floated on the rock next to them.
    “What the hell is this?” Stephen shouted. 
    “One minute!” Phillip bellowed as he moved slowly across the body of it. 
    The soft silk that slid across his hands was unlike a rock.  The shape of it was strange, the rise and fall of whatever it was felt like it was alive... he continued to move towards the other side of the thing that carried them. The head of it poked out.  He scrambled back and heard Deyna yelp. She’d been following him because she couldn’t help herself.  She always wanted to know everything. 
    “It’s a bloody turtle!!” He shouted across to Stephen.
    “No way!” 
    Phillip heard the amazement in his voice. 
    “How do we get off them?” Deyna asked. 
    Phillip looked around.  By the look of things, the turtles were leading them somewhere.  Above them he could see some lights.  If the turtles led them out of the darkness; it would help...
    “I know what you are thinking,” Stephen told him. 
    “And what is that?”
    Deyna beat Stephen to it. “You are thinking we can use these to get out of this cave.”
    Phillip shrugged and gave in. “Yeah, so?”
    “You know that we can’t do that,” Stephen told him. 
    “These are controlled by Death, He will use them against us.”
    Phillip looked at Deyna, a little annoyed that she was no doubt right about this.  But, what if they weren’t controlled by Death? What if these turtles could help them get out of here?
    “I know that you are churning things over in your head, your latest question is probably something along the lines of, what if they aren’t controlled by Death? Am I right?” Stephen asked. 
    “Jesus!” Phillip growled. “Why not just jump into my head!”
    Stephen smiled. “We’ve been there and done it all.  You are with two people who know exactly what you are thinking and what you are going through.”
    Phillip sighed. “I know.  I just think this could be a good way out...”
    “Are you willing to crawl back up there and look into the eyes to see?”
    Phillip looked to where the head was.... “But, we are travelling on it now, and it hasn’t even acknowledged us... what if we could continue?”
    “And then we get comfortable and then Death does something whilst we are up on these things... are you sure you want to be on this thing when it snaps?”
    Fisting his hands in annoyance, Phillip knew his friends were right.  Damn it.  “Okay.  I think we need to get off them.”
    They searched for a possible route out of the caves.  Now that he thought about it, the turtles seemed to be travelling deeper into the caves.  Ones they knew they would never be able to find their way out of.  Phillip saw movement directly above them.  Something moved in the shadows.  Was that light? A way out? 
    “Up above.  I’m sure I’ve just seen a hole.”
    He nodded to his two friends and they kicked and pushed off the floating turtles. 
    “Where did you say you saw the light?” Deyna asked. 
    Phillip looked around him as he kicked his feet, pushing him closer to a surface he was sure he saw. “It was over there.” He pointed back a little. 
    They turned and made their way there.  A shadow moved around them. Deyna stopped where she was, her hands treading water as her eyes widened.  Phillip moved alongside her as Stephen spun in circles, trying to see what it was. 
    “We need to move.  We need to move right now,” Deyna murmured.  Her voice shook as her hands slide through the water.
    “What did you see?” Stephen asked her. 
    Phillip caught the tail end of the thing that stalked them and his blood turned to ice as his breath stalled in his lungs.  The shadow veered towards them. 
    “Move! Move! Move!” Phillip stormed and pushed Deyna up into the space above them. 
    Bubbles erupted around them as they gasped, trying to push their bodies to the light that they could see.  Every muscle in his body screamed at him from the strain he placed on them, pushing himself faster than he’d ever moved in his life.  Phillip looked below him and saw the grey skin slide through the water, the powerful fin pushing it closer to them.  A flash of pearly white knives could be seen.  He pushed harder, trying to escape the shadow that crossed their paths. 
    “Jesus!!” Phillip bellowed and pushed Deyna out of the way as the shark rushed towards them, its mouth open wide. 
    Deyna screamed as she ducked aside and moved towards Stephen who pushed her behind him.  The shark circled back, having missed its opportunity once, Phillip was sure it wouldn’t make the same mistake a second time. 
    “Move!!” 
    They pushed their bodies again.  The fear and exhaustion made it difficult to move.  They reached the hole and the light blinded Phillip for a second before he saw the shadow move with speed below them. “Push up! Push up!”
    They grabbed hold of the rocks and pulled their bodies out of the water. The air around them felt strange as they gasped for breath.  This was the first time they’d breathed properly since being pushed through Death’s door.  The shadow circled the water that was inches below them.  Phillip assessed the cave; he knew they needed to find a higher ledge. “We need to move up.” 
    Stephen nodded and led the way, as Deyna followed, her foot slipped. Time slowed as Phillip watched her wobble, watched her hands trying to grab a hold of the rocks.  It didn’t work.  She veered backwards, towards the water, towards the shark.  He pushed back, held his hand out to her and held on. 
    “Don’t let go!” he shouted as Deyna’s wide eyes stared holes into him. Her mouth set with grim determination. 
    “Deyna, reach for my hand!” Stephen shouted. 
    Phillip pulled with all his strength as he saw the tip of the fin spear the surface.  It was coming. 
    Deyna pushed against the rocks with her feet, her hand outstretched towards Stephen’s.  Stephen groaned with the effort.  He’d also seen the fin.  Phillip pulled and lifted her until her hand was secured into Stephen’s. As Stephen pulled her to safety, Phillip jumped up onto the ledge.  The shark made one last jump, its teeth snapping at Phillip’s ankles.  He pushed his body against the rocks and watched, feeling his heart take up space in his mouth, as the shark sank back into the depths. 
    “That was too bloody close,” Stephen panted. 
    “You’re telling me,” Phillip murmured as Deyna looked at the two of them.
    “So, what do we do next?” Deyna asked him. 
    Phillip looked around them.  He wasn’t going to risk going back down there.  Not whilst the shark was there. “We will stay here for some time.”
    Deyna was shivering.  Amazingly, the coldness in the depths of the sea didn’t affect them but being out in the open again, he found that their bodies were more susceptible to the elements. 
    “Here,” Stephen offered.  He opened his bag and took out some of the kelp they’d stored.  “We can create a small tent on this ledge.”
    Phillip nodded as the two of them set to work, leaving him alone with his thoughts.  It was times like this where they needed a fire but they didn’t have soul to help with the flames... What came next? Where was the ghost he was meant to save? 
    “Pip, turn your brain off for the time being and sleep.  You must be tired,” Stephen rested a hand on his shoulder. 
    “I’m exhausted...how did you do it?”
    Stephen shrugged. “We will do anything to survive.  Come on, we need to sleep.”
    Phillip looked around them once more, making sure they were alone for the time being.  He knew he would sleep as soon as his head hit the floor, he just didn’t want to wake up to some new and unexpected thing. 
CHAPTER ELEVEN


Phillip rolled over and felt like he was going to fall.  He quickly shifted back, opened his eyes and saw he’d moved close to the edge and could have fallen into the water, water that currently housed a shark.   He shook his head, feeling the heaviness that was a headache forming.  He didn’t feel too good.  Was he coming down with a cold? He knew it was colder above the water, and now they were breathing normal air again, it wouldn’t help with trying to ward off a cold.  He didn’t need another thing to weaken him.
    He looked to his left and saw his two friends stirring from their sleep.  It was still daylight so that meant they had either slept through to the following day, or they’d only been asleep a few hours.  Time in this place was strange and there was no point in trying to work it out. 
    “Morning.”
    The voice was unfamiliar to them and had all three of them jumping to attention, backs scrambling against the rock.  Phillip moved forward and looked at the ghost that had just appeared out of the water.  Its face was whole, which was a blessing.  The ghost seemed to be wearing something around its neck... like one of those things the hairdresser puts around your neck before they start cutting your hair.  Phillip sensed a theme beginning.  Only now he had to figure out where Michael, the ghost with half a face, fit into it all.  
    The lady was average build by what he could see and she was perhaps a little on the chubby side with hair that was half finished, like the hairdresser hadn’t had the time to finish the cut.  One side was shorter than the other side. 
    “Who are you?” Deyna asked. 
    The ghost turned its head as if it was looking at Deyna, the black pits aimed at her. “I’m Elsa, and you are?”
    “Deyna,” Deyna mumbled, like she was shocked the ghost had answered her the first time.  
    “What do you want?” Phillip asked. 
    The ghost turned her head towards him and smiled a dreamy looking smile. “I want to live.”
    “I’m afraid it is already too late for that,” Stephen muttered and shrugged his shoulders as if offering her an apology through the action.  
    She snarled at him but kept her gaze focused on Phillip.  Another ghost shot up beside Elsa, another woman.  She held her hands up but rather disturbingly, they weren’t there. 
     Deyna pushed her head into Stephen’s shoulder so she couldn’t see the flesh that hung around the woman’s arms.  Phillip swallowed back the rush of bile at seeing skin like that. 
    “Can you help me with this?” the second ghost asked. “Elsa says she cannot help.”
    “What happened?” Stephen whispered.
    “Pain...I remember the pain and the screaming, my hands, they burned and then...nothing.  I need to find my husband.”
    “What is your husband’s name?” Phillip asked her as he tried to focus on anything other than her lack of hands. 
    “Jack Patton.  My name is Sharon.  Can you help me?”
    “He can’t help you! He is the one who did this!” Elsa shouted.
    “What do you want from me?” Phillip questioned.  Why were they always blaming him?
    “I want to warn you that the game has only just begun and that you will never survive this quest.  He has too many and He wants the grand prize...”
    “What is the grand prize?” Sharon asked her companion, like she was hearing this for the first time.
    “These three...they are the grand prize.”
    Deyna edged closer to Elsa. “You can tell Him that we will die fighting before He takes us.”
    Elsa laughed. “That is what He wants and you will die...He will feed... He feeds on us every day.”
    Elsa said it so calmly that Phillip was unsure whether she was being serious or not.  Sharon looked rather confused as she held her hands up in the air. “Are you my soul?” he asked Sharon.
    “No, I don’t believe I am.  I would like help though.”
    “I have come with a message,” Elsa continued ignoring Sharon and focused on him.
    “That wasn’t the message before, about wanting our souls?” Stephen asked. 
    “No.  My message is this...there is one soul you seek yet there are many of us...the soul you seek will be the one who ends all life as you know it.”
    Phillip didn’t understand any of this but he nodded his head.  How could one ghost end life as they knew it? By nodding his head, he was letting Elsa know that he had listened to the message, and secretly he wanted her to disappear very quickly.  He found himself wanting to help Sharon and knew if the other ghost was here, she wouldn’t allow it.
    “It is already too late... already too late...He has won...”
    Elsa screeched and turned, diving into the water and leaving them.
    “I must find my husband,” Sharon murmured and she too dived into the water, leaving them in silence. 
    “What the hell was that?” Stephen muttered. 
    “I’m not...” Suddenly Phillip was unable to breathe.  It felt like the oxygen had been cut off.  His hands rushed to his throat. 
    “Pip? What’s wrong?” Deyna asked, moving closer to him. 
    “I can’t.... I can’t....breathe...”
    “What is it? What did the ghost do?” Stephen shouted.
    “Nothing.  They can’t have...the ghost left without touching us....” Deyna’s eyebrows scrunched together as she thought about the cause of the problem. 
    Phillip fell to his knees as she fussed with his top, trying to clear room for him to breathe. 
    “Wait, we are above the water!”
    Phillip nodded.  Something in his gut told him that her thoughts were heading in the right direction. “Water,” he gasped. 
    Deyna nodded. “We have to go back in the water!”
    “What?! With the shark?” Stephen bellowed as he gathered all of his things and pulled his bag on his back.  
    “We have to risk...”
    Phillip watched as Deyna grabbed at her throat, her eyes bulged like she too was struggling to breathe. 
    “Jesus!!” Stephen shouted. “Now! Jump in the water now!!”
    Phillip rolled into the water, having little energy for anything else.  As the water engulfed him, his lungs opened like a flower greeting the morning caress of the sun.  He gasped and sucked in much needed air as he watched Deyna do the same.
    “Whatever Matthew gave us, it only works under water... we can’t breathe above it,” Phillip panted. 
     “Right, well now that we can breathe again, we have to watch out for the bloody shark!” Stephen growled. 
     They descended together, watching, waiting for the attack.  As they neared the floor of the cave, they were careful not step on anything that may look like turtles.  The sandy floor made it difficult to move but Phillip was thankful that it didn’t move.
    He looked down at the map tattoo and saw the next clue was something that looked like columns.  The caves had simply been something they’d needed to travel through.  Death was clearly pushing at Deyna’s hate of the darkness.  He always liked to push at their fears, no matter who was head of the quest.
    They moved through the rocks and then could finally see the exit ahead of them.  Before they felt the elation at having made it through, a shadow pushed its way towards them. 
    “It’s back!” Stephen bellowed. 
    “Run!! Swim! Do anything!!” Phillip yelled. 
    He ran, his legs sinking into the sand as he did so.  He gasped for air as he pushed his exhausted body to the limit.  He tried to use the bed as a trampoline, running and leaping into the front stroke to try and push as much distance as he could between him and the shark.  Deyna was panting beside him; her head was down as she focused on running and partly swimming towards the exit. 
    He had an idea.  Why hadn’t he thought of it before now?  His bag contained a firework.  Something he’d thought of when he thought of the caves and being back there with all the bats.  But how could he light it? The air bubble that Matthew had used for them to eat had long since gone.  The only bubbles they had was the ones which helped with their breathing, without actually breathing.
    “Ste, I need your help!” Phillip panted. 
    As Stephen pulled up alongside him, Phillip handed him the firework and ignored the quizzical expression on his face. 
    “It’s nearly here!” Deyna shouted as they made their way through the last tunnel of the cave.
    “I’m going to hold my breath and put the firework in my mouth. The bubble will protect it and I want you to light this thing with these rocks!”
    “What?!” Stephen hollered. “You can’t put a bloody firework in your mouth!”
     “Ste, do it!”
    They made it to the end of the tunnel as Phillip held his breath and put the firework in his mouth.  Stephen tried to spark a flame.  Phillip saw the shark nearing them at a rapid speed.  They only had so much time.  Stephen smacked the rocks together.  The water moved around them, the force of the shark displacing it.  Phillip felt the burn in his chest and found it strange that it hurt not to breathe under the water.  He couldn’t hold his breath much longer.
    “It won’t do it!!! The water won’t let me!!” 
    “Allow me,” A voice said and then a spark fired the firework.  Phillip pulled the firework out of his mouth and launched it at the rock.  They rushed into the open space, trying to put some distance between them and the firework.  Despite the distance, the explosion still knocked them backwards.  The rocks crumbled inwards and onto the shark and a blanket of dust quickly surrounded them.  Phillip coughed, reminded of the dust that had exploded out of Lester’s grave when they’d first found the map that led to Lehstreous.  That had been the beginning of everything for them.  He couldn’t even wish he hadn’t started on the quest because that meant they wouldn’t have saved Lester and then Lily. 
    Coming to his senses, he saw Deyna and Stephen stand up and brush themselves down as they stared at a male ghost, a ghost that had helped them with the shark.  The first ghost to help them out of all the ghosts they’d met.  Phillip prepared himself for the next hit, he didn’t trust the ghosts that had appeared here so far, but something felt different in this case.  For some reason Phillip felt some strange connection and he knew why. “Who are you?” Phillip wheezed. 
    The ghost turned to him.  The black pits made his skin crawl. “My name is Robert and I believe you are here because of me.” 
CHAPTER TWELVE


They stood as they were, looking at the ghost.  No one had spoken for a whole five minutes.  Phillip didn’t know what to say.   After all this time, he’d finally met his ghost, and he didn’t know what to say.  Well, he knew what he wanted to say but none of it was nice, which told him that he obviously had some anger issues to deal with. 
    “Robert, I’m Deyna and this is Stephen.”
    Stephen nodded his head in greeting.  Robert nodded back and then looked at Phillip with something like recognition on his face. 
    Phillip finally found his voice. “Where have you been all this time? Where did the other souls come from?”
    Robert sighed and pushed his hands into what looked like jean pockets. The shirt he wore was ripped, the ends flapping along with the currents of the water. 
    He waited but there was no answer. “Are you going to answer my questions?” Phillip asked, fighting for patience. 
    “I would, if I knew the answers.”
    Phillip sighed. “Okay, let’s start with this one, where have you been?”
    “Here...Everywhere.”
    “Have you always been in the water?” Deyna asked. 
    “Yes, as far as I can tell, or remember, I’ve always been here.”
    “And those other ghosts, when did they come?”
    Robert looked at Phillip liked he’d asked the strangest question. “They turned up.  I don’t remember seeing them...”
    Phillip turned to Stephen and Deyna. “So, Death brought them here... but they seem connected.”
    “Connected how?” Stephen asked. 
    “I don’t know.  From the scraps of clues we got when we were in the maze, I feel like whatever happened, it happened to a lot of people in a hairdresser shop or something like that.”
    “I think you are right,” Deyna agreed. “But how do you get the answers out of Robert?”
    Phillip sighed. “I was going to ask you two the same question.  You have been here before.”
    Stephen shook his head. “Every ghost is different and we know that Death likes to mix things up a bit.  You need to figure this out for yourself. Sorry, mate, but that is what this whole thing is about.”
    Phillip had been afraid he would say something like that. 


*

    Robert had been rather quiet as they’d walked across the sea bed.  Phillip didn’t know what to say.  He didn’t have any leads, well he did, but it was rather silly to presume every single one of the ghosts had died in a hairdressers.  What the hell could have happened for that many people to die in one place?
    “You have to speak with him, Pip,” Deyna urged. “That is the only way you are going to have your answers.  I know how hard it is.  Look at Lily when we first started my quest.  I hated her. I couldn’t stand her, but things changed.”
    Phillip nodded. He knew all of this.  He had seen it with his own eyes. “What am I meant to say?”
    “Anything, say anything to him, but just start talking.”
    Deyna pushed him ahead so that he walked with Robert as his two friends sunk back into the shadows.  Phillip stuffed his hands in his pockets and felt like kicking at the earth, if there was an earth to kick.  Sand would not feel as good. “So, where did you live...before...?” Phillip muttered. 
    Robert turned his head, as if he was looking at him. “I don’t remember.”
    Phillip looked at the ghost. “You don’t remember where you lived?”
    The ghost shook his head. “Do you remember where you live?”
    He pulled a face before saying, “Yes, of course I do.  I live in Amblewood.”
    “Have you lived there all your life?”
    “Yes.”
    “Are you sure?”
    Phillip felt that same heat of uncertainty, one he’d felt for a long time now but he pushed it aside.  All the ghosts he’d met so far had pushed at him, trying to unnerve him.  What was this ghost trying to do?
    “Pip, have you seen this?” Stephen asked. 
    Phillip looked ahead and was quite frankly taken aback by what he saw.  Ahead of them was a palace.  A real life, in your face palace.  It was something that looked like it belonged in ancient Greece not in the dark depths of the sea they were trudging through. 
    “Wow!” Deyna breathed. 
    “I guess this is where we need to be as the column is on me.” He hadn’t actually expected to see this here.  He didn’t know what to expect really. 
    They headed in the direction of the main entry way.  The columns stood so tall they couldn’t see the tops of them.  He noticed that the window panes were still there, although there was no glass as small fish entered in through one of the windows.  They step up towards the entrance and stood in front of it, looking at something that quite clearly belonged in another time.  Deyna gasped which made Phillip look around them in shock.  The furniture, the paintings, the rugs, everything was still in place.  It wasn’t as immaculate as it may have once been, but it was definitely something else entirely.  He’d never seen anything like it.
    “This is amazing,” Deyna whispered. “We have to stay here.”
    Phillip nodded and smiled at her.  He felt pleased that she was actually keen to stay anywhere when it was quest.  He held back his wonder.  He didn’t trust what could come from this. 
    “Robert, how did you die?” Deyna asked as they walked slowly into what had to be the living room. 
    “I think I was shot...I remember hearing the sound…and I remember feeling the punch of it as it barrelled through me...”
    “Tough deal,” Stephen winced. 
    “Who shot you?” Phillip asked, knowing he wouldn’t get the answer he craved. 
    “I don’t know.”
    And he still felt the disappointment when the answer didn’t come. “What were you doing on that day?” Phillip asked as they continued to walk around the palace.  He was still on high alert, just in case something suddenly came out at them from the many hiding places here. 
    “I was there, shopping...” The ghosts face scrunched up, like he was deep in concentration. 
    “Shopping, like at a shopping centre?”
     “Yes.”
    So, was it a hairdresser or was it something bigger? Robert could be telling the truth or he could be leading him astray...
    “Who were you with?” Stephen asked. 
    Robert stopped walking, his form floated as he thought. “I don’t remember.”
    Deyna squeezed Phillip’s hand, sensing his annoyance.  He just wanted a straight answer.  As they exited a room, Phillip was suddenly accosted by all the ghosts they had met previously.  Why were they here now? Where the hell had they come from? They rushed around him, and through him, leaving him shivering.  But he was not their target and Phillip soon realised that when the ghosts lurched toward Robert. 
    Damn it.  They’d worried about the ghosts hurting them when they could hurt the soul he was meant to save.
    They began pushing Robert, pushing him away from them.  Phillip shook his head.  Ghosts could actually do that.  If Phillip tried, his knew his hand through fly straight through the icy coat.  The ghosts pushed and bullied Robert who hadn’t even spoken or told them to stop.  What was happening? Were they trying to hurt him so Phillip wouldn’t receive the answers he needed? 
    Phillip saw again, the look of recognition on the ghost’s face.  It told Phillip one thing.  Robert recognised all the ghosts currently pushing him.  All these souls had to be involved in the same murder.  How was that possible?  What the hell was he dealing with here?
    Phillip knew he had to intervene; otherwise he would lose his chance to save the soul, although, right now, Robert appeared to be as guilty as the rest of them.  
    “I do not want your help!” Robert bellowed as one ghost pulled at him. 
    Phillip watched with amazement as Robert’s arm stretched as if it was elasticised. 
    “We have to save you so shut the hell up!” Phillip snapped as he pushed at the ghosts surrounding the soul he was meant to save. 
    He heard Deyna and Stephen hiss as they too pushed at the ghosts and felt the ice stab their skin.  The three of them finally gathered around Robert.  The other ghosts backed off; however they continued to hover around them, pushing into their personal space. 
    “What do you want?” Phillip demanded, looking at Margaret and Anne, the two ghosts they’d been greeted with first.
    “We want justice.  He killed us!” Margaret answered. 
    Phillip remembered that Margaret had been wearing the light coloured dress, she was the throat grabber.  He also remembered the newspaper clipping on her and the shootings.  He also remembered them blaming him; they had accused him of murder.  Now they were changing their tune. What had Robert done to them? Ghosts really gave him a headache. 
    “How do you know he did such a thing?” Deyna questioned. 
    “He was the one carrying the gun!” Michael stormed.  The half of his face that still remained contorted with fury as he stared at Robert.
    Phillip felt lead drop into his stomach.  He had witnesses here.  Witnesses telling him that this soul, his soul, had the gun.  Had Robert murdered them? Margaret had been shot...Had Robert done that? How as he meant to save Robert if he had done it?
    Phillip wasn’t going to save him if he was guilty, it was that simple.  This meant they would lose their lives also.  No.  He couldn’t allow it. “What if you have it wrong?” he urged the souls that surrounded them. “Can you picture the events of what happened so clearly that you can point your finger at this man with absolute certainty that he is guilty of this crime?”
    The other ghosts backed up.  Phillip felt some of the strain lift.  Now they weren’t so certain.  Now he had a little breathing room.  They still had a chance at winning this.
    “Who said we were referring to him.  I saw you there, someone like you...” Anne told Phillip.  
    Someone like him? Who? Phillip took a deep breath.  Things were beginning to make sense, well, sort of, but he needed breathing room. “I’m going to get to the bottom of this,” Phillip made a promise to them, and to himself. “You must leave him alone whilst I do that.  I can’t concentrate with you jabbering at me all the time!”
    “I don’t do such a thing!” Anne and Margaret yelled together.
    “Really?” Phillip questioned and glared at them both.
    “And then if he is guilty, you will give him over to us?” Michael asked. 
    “What about my hands?” Sharon floated into the room causing everyone to turn around.
    Phillip looked at Robert.  Robert’s eyes widened as he looked at Sharon. He shook his head and then looked down at his own hands.  He didn’t say a word.  Phillip didn’t like the feeling that had suddenly latched onto him.  He knew something was amiss.  Something didn’t sit right in his gut.  But what could he do? He had to protect his friends.  He had to protect himself and by doing this, he had to protect Robert.  Guilty or not guilty, he had to find out and when he found out...well, then things would be resolved. “Yes, if Robert is guilty, you may have him.”
    “Pip!” Deyna hissed.
    “Deyna, if Robert is guilty, we die also...” Stephen murmured as he moved her away from Phillip.  “He did the right thing trying to keep the peace until we can figure this out.”
    They moved away from the ghosts that hovered around them and made a move up the stairs.  They soon stopped when they felt thunder vibrate under their feet.  They held onto the banister, waiting for the next surprise.  He heard Deyna suck in a breath as the first of Death’s creatures neared them. 
    Giant crabs hurtled down the stairs, the large legs vibrating the floor with each movement.  They click clacked against the floor matching the sudden lurch of his heart.  Phillip knew that the knives they had would be impossible to get underneath the hard bodies.  They stepped back as a unit even though they knew that the ghosts were stood behind them.  Phillip hoped they would break rather than stand there, like a wall keeping them enclosed.  They quickened their pace, watching the creatures descend at an alarming rate with red flashing in their little, beady eyes. 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN


    “How do we get out of this one?” Stephen asked him as they took another step backwards. 
    Phillip looked around them, assessing an escape route.  There was no way they could escape.  Why should they continue to run anyway?  The ghosts floated behind them whilst Robert floated next to them. “Knives won’t work!” He yelled above the noise as they stepped back and hit the doorway to the palace. 
    “You are going to die!” Elsa shouted as she appeared from another room. “He will get what He wants now!”
    Great.  Phillip had a feeling Death’s own personal cheerleader would show up eventually. “No, he won’t!” Phillip hissed. “If you want your soul to be saved, if you want the murderer who took your life, you need to do something for me!”
    This set of a tirade of ghosts shouting at him which made the throb in his head worsen. “Listen!!” he snapped. “If I die then you will spend an eternity here and I will spend an eternity here, and I can guarantee we will bloody annoy each other! Now do something to help, for once in your life!!”
    His speech was greeted by silence and then Robert sighed. “What do we do?”
    “Use your light.  Use your spark to kill these things,” Phillip instructed. 
    “We know it weakens us, why should we do that?” Michael asked.
    How did he know it weakened them? Where had he learnt that? Phillip shook off the questions.  These ghosts knew far too much. 
    “Because we will help once you weaken.  You can use some of our energy,” Deyna offered. 
    “You would do that?” Michael asked as he cocked his head to the side so that the flesh flapped. 
    “Yes.  I have compassion, unlike some...”
    Michael looked at Deyna for a moment longer and then nodded.  Robert and Michael floated in the air whilst the ladies watched them.  Phillip glared at them until they muttered their curses and joined the men.  They watched the possessed creatures skittle over the marble like floor towards them, they scrambled over each other in their bid to get their reward.  The light built, and then the sparks flew.  
    They watched and waited until one of the ghosts needed them.  Sharon was the first to fall.  Stephen went to her and waited until she took what she needed and then stood back as she floated in the air to join the others. Phillip wouldn’t mind helping Sharon.  She was the only ghost who was nice and he felt sorry for her.  He really wanted to find the answer, even if it was just for her.
    The ghosts continued, the fireworks flew, clouds slumped to the floor in need of energy until the crabs were gone and the smell of cooked crab meat permeated the air around them.  The ghosts sagged to the floor, all of them drained.  The energy it had taken from them all was enough to make Phillip want to curl up in a ball and sleep for a week.  He couldn’t face going out again.  They had some food, food that had come about in a strange way, but still, food was food.  
    “We will stay here tonight.  Eat up.”
    Stephen laughed as he pulled a leg off a crab, the thing was a big as his face, and he sat happily chewing on the juicing meat.  Deyna pulled a face but Phillip knew when you were hungry, you would eat whatever came your way.  They’d done it before and crab meat was far better than eagle meat, in his opinion. 
    Phillip ate as he walked around and began to pull some of the palace apart to create a tent from the kelp they still had.  He felt bad that he was using the wood from what looked like very old furniture, but what would happen to the palace once they left? Death would destroy it all anyway.  As he worked, he kept one eye on the ghosts that floated to one side.  Robert remained quiet as he floated by the stairs on his own. 
    “Deyna, you can sleep, Ste and I will take the first watch.”
    Deyna nodded and crawled into the tent.  Stephen sat by Phillip in silence as they watched the ghosts float around the room.  Robert floated into the room, closely followed by Anne and Margaret.  They seemed to be following him with silent questions on their faces, questions about their deaths.  It made Phillip feel uneasy that they believed Robert had the answers.   Phillip could see that, despite not being able to see much of their faces.  
    “There is something not quite right about all of this,” Stephen muttered. 
    “Tell me about it,” Phillip agreed. “I don’t know what to think anymore.”
    “Have you tried looking at the newspaper clippings again?” Deyna asked from within the tent. 
    The question brought a smile to Phillip’s lips. “No.  We haven’t had the time.”
    “Now we do.”
    Phillip pulled his bag towards him and pushed some of the remaining kelp out onto the floor.  He ground his teeth together; searching deeper but something told him they were lost. “I can’t find them.”
    “When did you last have them?”
     “Before the storm…” Stephen muttered.
    “Damn it.  I think they may have got lost,” Phillip grumbled.
    “I’m not surprised,” Stephen said, putting his hand on Phillip’s shoulder in sympathy.
    “What can you remember?” Deyna asked as she stepped out of the tent.
    “Aren’t you meant to be sleeping?”
    “I can’t.  I want this quest to be done with.”
    “You’re not the only one who feels that way,” Stephen muttered. 
    Phillip ignored the guilt that ripped at his gut and tired to think back to what it had said in those clippings.  The only clue they’d had since entering this place.  
    He remembered that there had been murders, multiple murders.  Had Robert killed more than one person? How had he died? He’d mentioned getting shot.  Where had he been? What had he done? Robert gave very little away which didn’t surprise Phillip, every soul hadn’t been forthcoming with the information they’d needed.  Somehow, Phillip felt like he was quite a few steps back at this stage than the others had been.  He knew it had to be a shopping centre, near or close to an hairdressers to put Margaret, Anne and Sharon in the mix. 
    “Robert, you have to tell us something, tell us what you were doing the day that you died.  If you don’t tell us then we can’t save you,” Deyna urged. 
    Robert was shaking his head, his dark mop of hair moving with the motion. “I don’t want saving.”
    “Why?” Phillip asked. “Do you want to stay here forever for a crime you didn’t commit?”
    “And what if I did commit the crime?”
    Phillip was worried about that little fact.  He wasn’t so sure either but he had to remain neutral. “Okay.  I want to tell you about our last quests.”
    “Why?” Robert asked.
    “Just shut up and listen,” Phillip snapped. “Ste, tell him about your quest.”
    Phillip sat and listened to Stephen tell Robert about Lester.  Stephen told him about how the two of them had clashed in the beginning, how their personalities were very similar which lead them both to be hot headed. Stephen told him about their time in the caves.  Robert’s face remained impassive.  Once Stephen had finished, Deyna picked up and began telling them about Lily, about her sister.  About how Death had controlled her, how that had put them at a disadvantage. 
    As Phillip listened, he also watched the other ghosts.  He hoped this would make them open up, but something felt wrong.  They weren’t opening up.  In fact, Sharon had moved aside, looking into a space, looking at something that wasn’t there.  Or if something was there then Phillip really didn’t want to see what was there to greet them.  He didn’t feel right about this.... As Deyna finished and Phillip opened his mouth to ask Robert what he thought, dark blue liquid descended upon them.  He saw his friends stand and then they were surrounded. 
    The darkness cloaked him and made him feel suffocated.  What the hell had happened? What was there to try and kill them now?
CHAPTER FOURTEEN


The liquid clogged his airways.  He coughed, trying to clear a path, trying to breathe.  It was impossible.  He could hear his friends doing the same, but he couldn’t see them.  He couldn’t reach out to them.  Before he told them to come to him, the liquid suddenly evaporated.  Almost like it had never existed in the first place, had it been an hallucination? He knew that things like that could work here. 
    Deyna screamed and jumped behind the boys.  Phillip looked at Stephen and then back at the creature.  Giant suckers crawled towards them, the slime leaving trails bigger than a house.  Phillip knew what the suckers were attached to, but never in his life had he seen these kinds of suckers before.  In the middle of the circular, slimy suckers were two rows of razor sharp teeth.  Teeth that chattered as the suckers moved ever closer towards them. 
    “What do we do?” Stephen asked. 
    Phillip couldn’t see a way out.  If there had been one sucker, they may have made it.  But on one arm of the thing there must have been twenty suckers and the arms were everywhere.  He couldn’t see an escape route.  Phillip looked up, unable to see the head of the octopus that surrounded them.  
    “We have to run...” Stephen suggested.
    Phillip could understand the logic.  The arms of the octopus moved slowly, the slime weighing it down but there was no way he wanted to be near those things.  If they were quick enough, and smart enough, they could dodge the teeth. 
    “I can’t...” Deyna said, her teeth chattering. “I hate these things!”
    “Deyna, we’ve dealt with worse than this,” Phillip reassured her. “We can get out of this.”
    “For some reason, I can’t seem to recall anything worse than this.”
    Phillip grinned at her. “Right, I will make a run for it.  Follow my footsteps!”
    The octopus lurched anew, like it knew what they were doing.  Phillip led the way, jumping around the suckers that tried to latch onto him.  They made it around the one arm, or whatever you wanted to call it, the other arms began falling over themselves to get to them.  Phillip turned in time to see Stephen slip on the slime, and that is where his plan went wrong. 
    Phillip pushed Deyna out of the way and jumped at Stephen. The sucker latched on his friend and pulled him into the air.  Phillip saw the teeth sink into Stephen’s stomach and felt pure, cold dread rush through his body. This was it.  They couldn’t come back from this.  No ghosts to give them any kind of scapegoat.  
    Deyna shouted out as Phillip jumped over one arm and rushed to Stephen.  He had to help him.  He had to do something.  Stephen pushed with every bit of strength he had but the slime acted like glue.  Phillip could see the blood that seeped out of the wound where the teeth had bitten him.  Phillip was concentrating so much on Stephen that he didn’t see the sucker or the teeth that were heading towards him.  He didn’t see the teeth until it was too late and they’d sunk into his leg. 
    The pain was instant.  He could only liken it to being run over by a high speed truck.  A truck that was also on fire.  The pain was unimaginable.  Flames consumed him, making him breathless.  He could hear Deyna’s shouts above the blood pumping in his head.  He knew he was losing consciousness as he heard Deyna shout.  His head felt fuzzy, like it was wrapped in cotton wool.  He couldn’t move his arms.  They felt as heavy as lead so he gave up.  That was when his whole body seemed to fall in the air.  He knew the ground had rushed up to meet his face but he’d yet to feel it.  Phillip heard the names she called, he just couldn’t respond.  
    He blinked and saw Matthew knelt beside him.  Saw the annoying grin on Death’s face as he too looked down at him with ruby red eyes.  The world seemed to slow.  The blood in head rushed down to his heart, trying to keep it beating.  Now he could hear what they were saying. 
    “What do you want me to do about that?” 
    Phillip heard Death ask Deyna. 
    “You must save them.  You must save them both!” she demanded. 
    Matthew eased the pain, the flames, but Phillip could still feel the venom as it rushed through his body. 
    “There has to be a balance!” Deyna persisted. 
    “Fine,” Death leered, “You can save them both, but out of all the ghosts here that you have met, which one is guilty....
    “You cannot ask Deyna that question, this is Phillip’s quest and he must be the one to prove that.” Matthew stood now and walked towards Death. He also shielded Deyna whilst doing so. 
    Phillip knew for certain in that moment that Matthew was on their side. He knew for certain that he would trust this man from now on.  That he would never question his actions ever again.
    “I haven’t finished,” Death sneered. 
    “My God, then get round to it.  I’m not waiting here all day!” Deyna snapped. “Bloody theatrics, I hate them!”
    “I’m rather fond of them myself,” Death sniffed. 
    Phillip watched as Deyna glared at Death.  He would have smiled if the pain wasn’t eating away at him. 
    “Fine,” Death sighed, “that was a trick question that I asked earlier, but...it is not the crime of the murder I’m referring to.  One of these souls is guilty of theft and Miss Stuart, you are the one who gets to choose.”
    “How am I meant to pick the right one? What happens if I don’t? What will you do with the soul?”
    Death spread his hands. “Your two friends will die if you don’t pick, and in turn you will lose this round... your soul and your eyes will finally be mine. As for what I will do with the soul; that is not for me to disclose to you.”
    “I must pick one of the ghosts in this room, the one guilty of theft?”
    “Yes.”
    “Deyna, that ghost will not spend an eternity here, for here you must commit murder,” Matthew assured. 
    “But He uses others, He uses other ghosts and souls,” Deyna argued. 
    “Only for this game.”
    “Why is that even okay? What is wrong with the picture here? What happened to the rule book?” Deyna snapped. 
    Matthew lifted his hands. “It is the way of the balance sometimes.  It is rather unfair in certain cases but a greater good will win in the end.”
    “Pick already!” Death snapped. 
    Phillip watched as Deyna looked at each of the ghosts in turn.  Phillip wouldn’t know where to begin.  He wouldn’t know which one had committed the theft.  He bit his tongue as a fresh wave of pain enveloped his body. 
    “Miss Stuart, may I remind you that we don’t have all day,” Matthew added as he looked down at Phillip and then across at Stephen.
    “I know, I know,” Deyna sighed. 
    Phillip saw the internal struggle flicker across her face.  She didn’t know. He took a deep breath and tried to speak.  A groan came out of his mouth. He took another deep breath and coughed.  Deyna moved to him and put her ear close to his mouth so she could hear him. “Deyna....” he whispered. “...Gut...”
    Deyna looked at him, took a deep breath and faced Death. “The person guilty of the theft is Michael.”
    Death snapped his teeth. “And what makes you say that?”
    “He is the only one who has actually caused us physical harm.  He used a knife on me.  The others have pushed, the others have said nasty things but it is Michael who hurt me.”
    Matthew’s lips twitched as he watched Death. 
    “Very well.  You have guessed correctly, this time, but I will warn you that you won’t get any more chances.  He will sort this problem out.” Death gestured at Matthew with one of His skeletal arms.
    Death disappeared as Matthew knelt down next to Phillip.  His cool hands rested on Phillip’s head and the pain disappeared so quickly he thought he’d imagined it being there in the first place.  He moved to Stephen and did the same thing.  Now that the octopus had gone, they were able to finally breathe. 
    “That was a bloody good guess, Deyna!” Stephen congratulated as he breathed deeply and rubbed his stomach. 
    “It was wise to bring me into the mix,” Matthew told her. “Now, I must leave you.  Good luck with the rest of your quest.”
    “Wait, Matthew, thank you for saving ours lives... but...how do I know if he is innocent?”
    Matthew studied Phillip’s face.  The storm clouds swirled in Matthew’s eyes. “You will know.”
    With that, Matthew disappeared leaving Phillip feeling cold and strangely alone.
    “Well, that was helpful...” Phillip muttered.
    “I think I want to stay here the night.  I haven’t got the energy to move anymore.”
    “I agree.  Come on, we can all sleep this time.  I doubt the ghosts will do anything more tonight and Death will have to bide His time.  He will want us fully healed before He tries to kill us again. ”
    Phillip glared at Robert before he entered the tent.  He hoped that something would happen to help with the quest because if it didn’t, well then he really hoped they were capable of living with an eternity of pain. The small insights into the pain he’d felt by the hand of one of His creatures already made him sure he knew the answer. 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN


Phillip woke up and was greeted by an eerie calm.  He quickly popped his head outside of the tent and saw the ghosts floating around the room in some sort of comatose motion.  Was that how they slept? Floating around with their heads lolling to the side with their mouths open? The previous souls had never done that, but then again, he’d never caught them in the act.  He saw Robert in the corner of the large room and pushed aside the annoyance he felt.  He knew the others had felt the same way about their ghosts, he’d even offered them reassurance during their quests.  But now that this was his time, his own advice simply flew out of the window.
    He yawned and made his way out of the tent and towards the crab meat, despite the time, whatever time it actually was, it did smell rather nice. Grabbing some, he walked around the rooms, enjoying the calm before the storm.  He liked these times, even at home, they were rare, but he liked to sit down with his thoughts... only, well, only when his thoughts weren’t highly revolved around whether they would die soon or how they would die.  His thoughts usually revolved around when his next essay was due in or what to have for tea. 
    He chewed the meat and continued to walk.  The rooms were vast and the furniture was sparse.  He felt like the rooms used to be fuller than this. Like the palace was a ghost of itself.  The pastel paint on the walls pushed away, leaving large scabs.  The whole place was decaying, a lot like Death’s house. 
    Taking this quiet time to try and gather all the information and somehow get it straight in his head was not going to work, but he tried anyway.  He knew the two ladies, Margaret and Anne, had been in a hairdressers.  Sharon had also been in the hairdressers, but her hands had been damaged. He knew that Margaret had been shot multiple times.  He didn’t know how Anne had died.  Anne wasn’t mentioned in the clippings they’d found.  Had she been shot too?  
    He was sure all the souls were no longer possessed by Death.  Phillip assumed this because they hadn’t done anything else to jeopardise their quest.  He knew they were angry, and that anger could have consequences, but he’d be angry if he’d died in such a way and had then faced this kind of eternity.  He would be angry if he died by Death’s hand and had to stay here.  He knew that Deyna and Stephen would be angry at him if it were to happen to them. 
    Robert floated alongside him.  He didn’t speak as Phillip pushed more of the crab meat into his mouth.  Phillip hated this awkward silence and he knew he needed answers, ones that would only come if he asked the right questions.  However, he also loved the stubborn side of him.  It was the side of him that didn’t want to break first.  Why should he break first? Why should he play these stupid games? Well, he knew why he should, he had to save his own soul, but his stubborn side never listened to reason.  He often had to force its hand.
   He waited another beat before he finally caved.  “Do you miss it?” Phillip asked after swallowing his mouthful.
    Robert turned to him. “Miss what?”
    “Eating food? Living life?”
    Phillip walked in silence as Robert floated next to him.  Granted, it was a random question.  If he had to break the silence, he would break it in his way. 
    “No.  I can’t remember what it was like before, not after all this time here... I don’t miss something I can’t remember.”
    Phillip nodded and ate more of the meat. “Okay, but just so you know, I like living and I like my life.  I can assure you that I would miss it if I were to die... I won’t die and you are going to help me with that.”
    “Am I?” Robert muttered.  Phillip was sure he heard some amusement in his tone.
    He ignored the bite of anger at the ghost’s amusement. “Yes,” he said curtly, “because you have the answers I need, and the first answer I want is to this question.  How did you die?”
    Robert took a deep breath.  It was for effect as Phillip knew the ghost didn’t need to breathe.  
    “I don’t remember how I died.”
    “Where were you?”
    “I remember shopping...I remember being with my wife...”
    Phillip felt the crab meat he’d eaten suddenly lodge in his throat on its journey to his stomach.  He looked at Robert and hated the fact he couldn’t grasp any of the truth in the man’s eyes because they were just dark pits. “You had a wife?!”
    “I...I think so...yes... I think I did.”
    Sharon instantly came to mind.  That kind woman couldn’t have been married to this man, surely? But Sharon said her husband was called Jack.  This couldn’t be her husband. 
    “Why can’t you remember?” Phillip asked. 
    Robert looked at the floor, his hands pulsing together as if the ghost was controlling his temper.  Phillip bit his tongue, holding back his impatience.
    Phillip sighed, and then Robert’s head snapped up to meet his. The ghost glared at him.  Phillip stumbled back as fierce brown eyes glowered.  His eyes were in place.  How can that be? Why were they in place? Phillip hadn’t made progress with this soul.  They’d assumed the eyes came once they were making headway in the quest.  Phillip hadn’t made any headway.
    “Why can’t you remember?” Phillip asked again, and now looked into the man’s eyes.  Something wasn’t right about all of this. “Why do you suddenly have eyes?”
    It was a strange question to ask, but he wanted the answer anyway. 
    “Why can’t you remember?!” Robert snapped, ignoring the question about his eyes.  He glided away leaving him shaking with his own rage.  
    “I think it is time we should leave,” Deyna murmured as she stepped out of the shadows to his left. 
    Phillip turned to her, hardly shocked that she was there, and saw on her face that she’d seen and heard everything.  He sighed. “Yeah, I’m really starting to hate this place...”


*


   They’d made good headway, having left the house hours ago.  The place always looked the same, but now they had six souls in tow the light source was much better than it had been.  Only Michael stayed up front, Phillip still wasn’t sure why Michael remained with them.  He was guilty of a crime which meant that he had to go to some place.  He knew what kind of outcome he had, yet he stayed with their group.  Perhaps he remained simply to annoy them? The other souls, including Robert, much to Phillip’s annoyance, floated behind them. 
    “Pip, let me look at the map again,” Stephen asked. 
    They’d been walking across this stretch for a while now and Phillip knew that they were all growing concerned about the lack of something in this place.  As they lifted Phillip’s top up, a loud squeal stopped them from really studying it.  For a moment Phillip took a calming breath, preparing his mind and body for what was to come. 
    They turned and were greeted by a pod of dolphins.  Phillip wished he could feel relief, but anything and everything in this place put him on high alert. “Stand back, we don’t know what will happen,” Phillip warned them.    
   They stayed close together as they watched the many dolphins dance around them.  A young dolphin pushed away from the pod and edged towards them.  Deyna stepped towards it, her hand outstretched. 
    “Deyna...” Phillip hissed.
    “It is alright, Pip.  Look at their eyes.”
    Phillip looked and then he only noticed the lack of red.  Were these dolphins just passing through? How could that be? Death controlled everything, didn’t He? This had to be another of His games.  The red didn’t always show in the beginning. 
    Before Phillip could question it further, the dolphin had coaxed Deyna to ride along with it.  Her hand grasped its fin as they glided along the water.
    “Deyna!”
    “Come on, Pip, it’s fun!”
    Phillip turned and saw that Stephen had done the same thing.  For a moment he looked at his two friends, perplexed by what was happening. He watched, assessed to see if there was any danger. 
    “Live a little, Pip, you never know!” Stephen hollered as the dolphin took off. 
    He shrugged his shoulders, grinned and moved towards the dolphin who offered its fin.  He glided alongside the dolphin as the ghosts floated behind them.  For a whole five minutes he forgot all about the quest and enjoyed the ride.
    As the dolphin dropped down to the ground, Stephen and Phillip followed suit and watched as the pod moved off. 
    “That was fun!” Deyna squealed. “I’ve always wanted to swim with dolphins.”
    “Well, that was definitely your chance,” Phillip murmured.  Why had that happened? Was Matthew to thank? He felt like he was.  It was just the break they’d needed from the constant worry and dread of the quest.
    “Right, let’s look at this map,” Stephen told him. 
    Phillip lifted his top as the part of the map was now on his back. 
    “It doesn’t look like anything, just pebbles,” Stephen said, sounding puzzled.
    “God, I don’t want another cave like the last one,” Deyna complained. 
    “Do any of you know what is up ahead?” Stephen asked the souls. 
    The silence that greeted the question was deafening.  They had to know something.
    “Helpful as usual,” Phillip muttered. 
    As they began to walk further into the dark depths, Phillip sensed something change around them. “Wait,” he whispered. 
    They stopped and waited for whatever would come and hit them.  Were the dolphins coming back? No.  Phillip was sure of it.  This felt different.  He looked around them and then his feet moved from underneath him.  Turtles? He was used to Death using the same creatures, the wolves for example, but not in the same quest.  It would mean they had an advantage and Death never wanted to give them that. 
    It began to vibrate, so much so, it knocked him off balance and he nearly fell.  Not a good idea.  He had to remain upright as that was the only way to fight his out of whatever it was.
    “What the hell is this?!” Stephen yelled. 
    Deyna sucked in a breath. “I know what they are! They are stone fish! They vibrate to knock their prey off balance.”
    “That can’t be too bad? It’s just a stone, isn’t it?” Stephen asked, his teeth chattering from the force. 
    “It is only bad if you touch their spine!” Deyna snapped as she tried to keep her balance. 
    “What happens when...never mind,” Phillip sighed. “I don’t want to know.”
    They began to jump around on the different pebbles, which they now knew to be the stone fish.  As Phillip wobbled, the sharp spike on the back of the fish was heading towards his face.  This was going to hurt.  Before he impacted, he felt a cold embrace latch onto his arm and quickly glanced to his right side.  Robert’s hand was there, holding him in place.  The soul had actually helped.  He’d saved him.  Well, wasn’t that something? Phillip nodded his thanks and brushed down his jeans before he looked at his friends as they remained balanced on the things. They had to get out of this. 
    “We can help,” Robert suggested. 
    Phillip hid his shock but he didn’t hide it well as a small smirk played on the ghost’s lips.  “You want to help?”
    “Well...” Robert shrugged. 
    Phillip shook his head.  Whatever.  He would take the help.  He nodded and watched Robert glide to Sharon and Michael. Michael, of all the souls to pick... Surprisingly, Phillip saw the two of them agree and they ventured back towards them.  Robert to him, Michael to Stephen and Sharon to Deyna.
    “Right, let us carry you.”
    Phillip shook off the strange feeling that came with this and nodded his head, allowing Robert to hold him.  Even though he was no longer on the vibrating creature, he could still feel the effect deep in his bones.  The ghosts carried them a safe distance away and then allowed them to drop down onto the sand.   
    “Well, that was different...” Phillip heard one of the ghosts mutter as they watched the three souls that had saved them glide in front.  
    Phillip sighed and shook his head.
    “Are you okay?” Deyna asked. 
     “No.  I’m never okay in these places but something doesn’t feel right.”
    “I know the feeling, you just have to push through all the uncertainty,” Stephen offered. 
    “I don’t know.  One minute Robert is helping, the next he is almost ready to admit he murdered everyone.  What will I do if he did it? What will I do if I can’t prove he’s innocent?”
    “I have every faith in you, Pip, you can prove it,” Deyna whispered, holding his hand. 
    “I know you can do it,” Stephen assured him.
    “You need to ask him more questions,” Deyna told him. 
    “I’ve tried.  He just throws more questions my way.”
    “Like what?”
    Phillip sighed.  It was time to start admitting things. “He keeps asking me to remember.  I don’t know why, the way they are accusing me of something, it feels like I have done something wrong...I feel like I need to remember something.  I feel like he is right…”
    Stephen sent him a puzzled look. “Remember what exactly?”
    Phillip shrugged. “I haven’t got a clue, and I guess that is half the problem, the riddles give me a headache and I hate the uncertainty that comes with all of this.”
    “I don’t know what you are talking about, I loved the riddles,” Deyna said very tongue in cheek. 
    “Hmmm...” Phillip looked at her.
    “You are going to have to talk to him.  I hate to be the bearer of bad news but we have been on this quest long enough, it is bound to come to an end soon and then you will be asked for an answer...Everything else will come together.” Stephen told him.
    “Nothing can be as bad as the end revelation on my quest,” Deyna reassured him as she patted him on the shoulder.  
     Phillip tried to push aside the unease over Deyna’s comment, but Stephen was right.  He had to ask Robert all of the questions that constantly buzzed in his head, even if the answers meant they could all stay here forever.   
CHAPTER SIXTEEN


Phillip walked with purpose as he made a move to talk to Robert.  He needed answers and he needed them now.  He couldn’t let his nerves slow him down or the other souls to get in his way.  As he moved through the ghosts, they refused to look him in the face.  Phillip took this as a sign that they knew he was mad, that he shouldn’t be disturbed.  He also knew they were nearing the end of the quest, he sensed it.  He felt the urgency that ran through his body as time ran out.  The ghosts knew something and they weren’t telling him.  They knew it was going to end and Death would get what He wanted. 
    Phillip pushed back his annoyance and stopped Robert from floating up ahead by standing right in front of him. “We need to talk,” Phillip said, gritting his teeth. 
    “If you wish, although I’m not sure what else can be discussed.”
    Phillip sighed. “You are something else, do you know that? I’ve never known a soul to be so unaccommodating!”
    Phillip held his ground as Robert floated in front of him.  They glared at one another as the rest of the souls and his two friends stepped around them, leaving the two of them at the back of the group. 
    The other ghosts had edged towards Deyna and Stephen.  Phillip kicked the sand underneath his feet. “You have to tell me everything you know, that is the only way this quest will end, it is the only way you will finally find the peace you’ve been looking for.”
    “Who said I wanted peace?”
    “Everyone wants peace. Why the hell would you go through the hard times if, when in death, you end up experiencing the same.  We all want a quiet life at the end.”
    “Hmmm...” Robert shrugged noncommittally. 
    “Well, if you don’t want the peace, I sure as hell do.  Now tell me everything you know.”
    “I’m sure that is against the rules,” Robert said wryly.
    “Stuff the rules!”
    They stood, facing each other and dared the other to move.  They held their ground as Phillip’s teeth ground together.  Phillip really wanted to punch this ghost so hard. “What do you remember?”
    “I don’t remember anything, and you do know that I can just float right through you.”
    “Yes I do know that, but who will give you back the energy it takes to do it?”
    Robert glared at him which made Phillip smirk. “I can also see some of the truth in your eyes.”
    Robert sighed. “That is rather unhelpful.”
    “What is? Having eyes?”
    “Yes.”
    Phillip laughed.  He couldn’t help it.  This whole thing was ridiculous.  “Arguing that eyes are unhelpful is just a bloody strange thing to say!”
    “Well, I believe this whole situation is unappealing,” Robert mumbled.
    “We finally agree on something... so, are you going to tell me what you know.”
    “And if I don’t? Are you going to block my path until I speak or float through you?”
    Phillip knew if this ghost walked through him, the cold could break his bones.  He didn’t welcome that feeling but the ghost would need the energy and Robert knew he wouldn’t get it. “I will do what is necessary.”
    They looked at each other for a long time.  Phillip felt some of the ghost’s resolve disappear. 
    “If I tell you what I know, you will not like it.”
    Phillip held back his sigh and turned to see his two friends walking in the distance with the ghosts illuminating the way.  They couldn’t leave too much of a distance between them.  It would give Death too much of an opportunity. “Okay, we can walk, but you must tell me what you know.”
    “So be it.”
    Phillip walked as Robert hovered alongside him. “What can you remember? Did you see the person who killed you? Did you see the person who murdered everyone who was there?”
     “I can remember women sitting the chairs and the chatting above the noise of the hair dryers.... I don’t remember the time of year, it was cold...but it seemed like a normal day.  I was shopping.  I remember wanting a new outfit.”
    “What was the outfit for?”
    He watched Robert struggle with the memory. “Yes...I think it was Christmas.  There was snow, music, Christmas music.”
    “Great...” Phillip mumbled. 
    “What?”
    “It is nearly that time of year again.”
    “Well, how ironic...”
    “Yeah, the irony isn’t lost on me.  What else do you remember?”
    “It all happened so quickly and I remember the screams.  Was I walking by the hairdressers... or was I in the shop?”
    “I’m afraid only you can answer that.  Was your wife in there?”
    “She...maybe...I don’t recall...”
    “Okay, let’s back up a second...What did the person look like? Where was the person stood? Was it a man or a woman who did it?”
    Phillip wasn’t sure how he knew the murderer to be a man.  He just felt something click into place.  He had to ask the question anyway.
    Robert looked at him. “I saw him.  It was a man.”
    Phillip’s heart set off into a trot.  This could be it.  This could be the moment where everything clicked into place. “How did you see him? Where was he?”
    “I saw him... I saw him as I looked in the mirror.  I saw him, I saw me, holding that gun.  I pointed it at them...I remember pulling the trigger and feeling the force in my arm, the jerk as the barrel hit me. The shock I felt when it happened, the quick rush through my blood...”
    “No! No, you didn’t do it! Tell me the truth!”
    “This is the truth; I do not lie! I told you that you wouldn’t like what you were to hear but you simply have to accept it for what it is.”
    Phillip’s heart fell to his feet, the hollow feeling in his chest spread out into his limbs, making him feel cold.  “No.  I won’t accept that this is the end.  I won’t do it! There has to be more...”
    Robert shrugged.  “There is no more to tell you.  If you do not accept it, you will have to deal with the consequences.”
    “We’ve been dealing with the consequences for longer than you know.  I can’t accept that this is the end.  I will not die for you, I won’t!”
    “Then pick someone else to die for because you won’t win this one.  I’m guilty and I didn’t tell you to put your soul in jeopardy for me.”
    “We didn’t have a choice!”
    “Well, you have many souls here, pick one, you can choose which you want to save.”
    “It doesn’t work like that.  I was given your soul.”
    Robert sighed for effect and looked at him for a long minute. “And for that, I’m sorry.  I never wanted you to die for me.”
    Robert glided away from him, leaving him stood in the dark and the cold.  His head buzzed as the blood rushed to it.  He was going to die.  And with that realisation, his head spun.  God, was he going to faint? He started sucking in deeper breaths as he feel the cold fingers of shock reach out for him.  
    If the ghost was telling the truth, they would all die.  They would all live out an eternity with Him and Phillip couldn’t do a single thing to stop it from happening.  Would he still be alive when Death began feasting on his brain? 
    No.  He shook himself.  He couldn’t allow it to happen.  He couldn’t lose this round.   But how the hell was he going to save this soul when he was so obviously guilty? How the hell could he save them all when he had no answer to give to Death? He had to think of a way, a get out clause... 
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN


Phillip walked behind his friends as his head churned over the thoughts that plagued him.  They hadn’t spoken to him since his little talk with Robert.  Perhaps they sensed his nerves, or his anger.  He probably had the result fixed on his face and neither one of them wanted to know the answer.  It was best to only think it and never hear the final words. 
    Phillip had to think of a way out of this.  Death would not kill them.  He couldn’t because there had to be a balance.  They hadn’t fully known what they were entering into when the bands had been forced onto their wrists.  Phillip looked down at the band now.  They’d told their parents they were friendship bands.  If only they knew.  Phillip’s was the only band that remained a permanent fixture.  Stephen and Deyna had bought similar ones and wore theirs too.  It didn’t hold the same meaning, the link to Death, but it meant they were linked together.
    What would Matthew do if Death killed them?  Could he do anything? They weren’t guilty of a crime so they couldn’t remain in Lehstreous, yet they’d sworn to save the souls so if they failed Death could have their souls.  Forever. 
    It had all been rather uncomplicated at the beginning, before all the creatures had come, before all the near death experiences.  Phillip knew that if Robert had murdered the souls that surrounded them, Matthew would not help.  Robert would be deserving of his punishment, which in turn left them vulnerable and open to whatever Death had in store for them. 
    Wait.  He’d just had an idea. “Listen up! I need to speak with all the souls, excluding Robert.”
    Stephen and Deyna looked at him and then at the souls as everyone stared at him like he’d finally lost the plot. 
    “That will not work,” Robert warned. 
    Phillip smiled. “I like your enthusiasm, but I’m going to try it anyway.”
    Deyna and Stephen nodded and stood in front of Robert, blocking his path.  It was very brave of them to do so; Robert could float through them any time he liked. 
    “It won’t work!” Robert growled.  
    Phillip ignored him and looked to the souls that floated around him. “Walk with me.”
    As he walked away from his friends and the soul he was meant to save, he wasn’t sure what he was going to do.  He just had to do something to get out of here. “Right, Anne, Margaret and Sharon, you have to tell me what you remember from the day you died.”
    The three ghosts hovered in silence.  He waited for them to answer, he was trying to be patient. 
    “I remember the pain...” Margaret told him. 
    “Right, okay, keep remembering.  What happened? Who was there?”
    “I can’t...”
    “Block everything out,” Phillip urged. “Think of the person holding that gun.”
    Margaret stilled, her hands wrung together as she tried to focus on who the person was.  
    “I remember some things...” Sharon murmured. 
    “Go ahead, Sharon,” Phillip encouraged.
    “The music, a Christmas song... people were happily chatting about what plans they had, about what they were doing that year.”
    “Good, keep going.”
    “I remember singing along with the music, the woman fussed with my hair...” Sharon lifted her hand.  It hovered near the shorter side of her hair, the side that had been cut. “I wanted a new look, a bob.  I knew my husband would love it for Christmas.  I wanted to surprise him.”
    “I’m sure it would have looked lovely,” Phillip told her. 
    Margaret sighed in annoyance.  Phillip ignored her and focused on Sharon.  She was the one giving him some of the answers, plus he liked her. If only she was the soul he had to save, he would be happier at least.
    “Thank you.  He never saw it.  He never got the chance.  We were chatting, me and the hairdresser, wait...”
    Phillip watched as she turned to look at Anne.  Saw the realisation flicker across her features.  He felt a click.  An important click.  “Wait... Anne?”
    “I don’t remember much.  I couldn’t be sure...” Anne whispered as her fingers brushed up against the hair that had been cut. “But I always recognise my style.  The way my scissors cut.  I could always know who’d been in my chair just by looking at the cut.”
    “Sharon was in your chair having her hair cut, Anne?  Does it help to remember with Sharon?”
    Phillip tried to remain still but really he wanted to bounce on the tips of his toes with excitement.  Finally, he was getting somewhere. 
    “I don’t know...”
    “I remember talking with you now...you were excited...you had a date for Christmas...”
    Anne gasped. “I did...”
    “I remember you mentioning the date with a man you’d met, wait, where had you met him?”
    “I don’t remember...”
    “Can you remember what happened whilst you talked? What happened around you?” Phillip had to steer them away from their own conversation. He had a feeling they could talk about the date for a while, and they didn’t have the time. 
    “I remember a man walking into the shop. I found that unusual.”
    “Why? What was he doing?” Phillip asked. 
    “He wasn’t doing anything, but at Christmas the shop is usually full of women wanting to look their best for that time of year.  I remembered thinking the man was brave coming into the place with all those women...”
    “Can you remember what he looked like Sharon?”
    “I see it now, but I see a child... one that walked in...” Anne added. 
    “Was the child there to see its mum?” 
    “I...”
    Before Sharon could continue, something brushed against his arm.  He stilled and looked down.  He held his breath, pushing the rather girlish scream back down.  The body was harder that he’d expected it to be.  He’d never been close enough, or brave enough, to touch one before.  The scales that brushed along his skin cut into him.  That couldn’t be right.  It felt like the body was made up of razor blades.  He saw Deyna and Stephen attempt to run towards him.  The water surrounding them suddenly felt very oppressive, the sand made it even harder. 
    “They won’t hurt you!” Deyna called to him. “If you ignore them, they won’t hurt you!”
    Easier said than done.  He hated snakes.  Phillip knew there would be more, there was always more.  Death would love to play on his fear right now.  But if they ignored them and didn’t give Death what He wanted then something else would come out at them.  Something else was better than these.  
    As the snakes twined around his legs, he looked at Deyna. “Seriously? You want me to just stand here and let them do that?” He felt the snake snap tighter, trying to knock him off balance. 
    He suddenly remembered seeing a nature programme, one where it showed the snake dislocating its jaw to eat the mouse or rat whole.  He suppressed a shiver.  It wasn’t going to happen to him.  He would not let that snake’s mouth near his head.  How he was going to stop it, he really didn’t know but he would cross that bridge when it came to it. 
    “They are water snakes, they should be harmless,” Deyna repeated.
    “This is Death’s quest, Deyna, nothing is harmless here!” Stephen told her. 
    Phillip saw the panic flit across Deyna’s face.  He saw it hold in her green eyes.  Christ.  This was going to end badly.  Circulation was suddenly cut off as scales cut in to his throat.  He snapped.  He wouldn’t stand still any longer.  His fingers clawed at the snake that was wrapped around his neck.  He felt it tighten as Deyna and Stephen fought to remove it.  This snake didn’t want to be removed.  The pulling and tugging wasn’t helping.  His heart thudded, hard.  Its protests for oxygen, the kind he’d been breathing, didn’t fall on deaf ears, but he couldn’t get the bloody thing off.  The strength to pull at the snake was diminishing as his muscles trembled from the lack of oxygen they needed.  His head took a spin as he tumbled to the floor. 
    “Pip!!” Deyna screeched as she continued to pull at the snake. 
    “Deyna, that’s making it worse!” Stephen shouted as he pulled her back away from him. 
    Now the weight had lifted, the snake loosened its hold.  Phillip gasped, trying to suck in the air he needed.  As he stood, the snake had other plans. His feet suddenly lifted as the snake started to drag him away from his friends.  Deyna and Stephen lurched towards him, hands grasping at his feet.  What the hell was happening? Where was the snake taking him? He soon realised what was happening, and the struggle to free himself became a full on fight. 
    The snake was dragging him, with incredible speed and strength, towards the surface.  He couldn’t breathe above water.  Matthew had aided them under the water.  Death wasn’t happy about that and this was His way of showing it.   Phillip twisted against the hold and choked as the snake renewed its grip.  God, he was going to die.  After the many months of wondering how it would end, he now knew the answer.  The light from the surface was fast approaching, he couldn’t do anything.  If he pulled the snake it would cut of circulation, once he hit the surface, he wouldn’t be able to breathe. 
    Despite what he’d believed in the final moments of his life, he felt calm. He’d accepted this so long ago.  He closed his eyes and waited for the end. 
    A cold hand touched his foot making his eyes snap open.  He tried to look down but the snake wasn’t helping him.  Anne’s face neared his.  Eyes so blue they were quite simply beautiful, looked into his.  He lost yet more air as he gasped.  When had happened to help her become a little whole?
    She continued to look at him.  He saw in her eyes that he needed to hold still.  Her hand worked at his neck, the cold a welcome touch as she worked whatever magic she felt necessary.  Margaret came into vision and this shocked the hell out of him.  Why was she here? Why was she helping? Her hair was the only thing he could see but she was helping Anne.  Phillip took a moment to really appreciate what was happening.  It had to be such a strange thing to see from an outside perspective.  A man travelling through the sea with a snake wrapped around his neck as two ghosts attacked said snake, this all happening as they surged towards the surface.  He should really write a book about all of this.  
    The cold intensified around his neck, making him hiss.  He wouldn’t complain.  This was going to save his life.  Hopefully.  The ghost’s lights diminished as they used yet more energy. 
    “Take it from me,” Philip whispered. 
    They looked at him, Anne for approval, Margaret in shock that he would allow her to do such a thing.  Two cold hands touched his arms and then he felt the rush of energy simply drain out of him as the cold intensified and the snake hissed.  He had to only endure the coldness for a few seconds more as it finally make its way into the snake and then it shattered.  The hold on his neck was gone instantly.  He gasped, sucking in much needed air whilst rubbing his neck. 
    “Thank you,” he murmured. 
    Anne nodded her head as Margaret already began to make her way down to the sea bed.  He looked down now and saw his friends, surrounded by the ghosts, looking up at him.  He continued to rub the cold parts as he took a moment to himself.  He looked around in the dark area, waiting for something else.  It didn’t come.  He exhaled and allowed the weightlessness to push his body back towards his friends. 
    As soon as his feet touched the floor, he was crushed by Deyna as her arms flew around his neck.  He held her and looked at Stephen. “We need to get out of here.  I’m fed up of all of this!”
    “I couldn’t agree more.”
    They stood huddled together for a minute more and then headed out into the darkness.  As each moment passed, as each ghost stood in to help in what little way they could, Phillip knew he was heading towards the finale.  The other ghosts tempers were thawing, they were helping them.  He finally felt like he was making headway with them, even Margaret.  The one ghost he didn’t feel that with was the one he had to save.  Robert had never felt so far away. 
    Phillip knew the moment Death asked him the vital question, the one which would end the quest, he didn’t have an answer.  In quiet moments like this he was forced to think about the moment when Death would ask him to prove Robert’s innocence.  The moment when he would truly be on his own, when everything would rely on his response. 
    He knew he was handing out a death sentence to his friends and there was nothing he could do about it. 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
 
    
Phillip had received some vital information from the women before the snakes had come along and strangled him.  He had a better vision of the hairdressers, the time of year, the way they were acting.  He could envision the women sitting around with their curlers in their hair, talking about Christmas.  He could see the man, no face yet, but he could see it, he could sense the change.  He just didn’t know what had happened from that moment.  He couldn’t picture Robert holding the gun and shooting the people there. 
    Phillip nodded at Sharon as she watched him slip back from his friends and walk alongside Robert.  She nodded back at him.  If it came to the worst case scenario, he knew she would open up to him.  He just had to do it in a way that didn’t set off alarm bells with Death.  The snakes had been a warning.  Phillip knew that Death sent things their way because Phillip asked too many questions, and he got too close to the truth.
    “What do you want?” Robert sighed. 
    “What I always want,” Phillip responded.
    “I won’t tell you any more than I have already.”
    “You won’t or you can’t?”
    “Is there a difference?” Robert snapped. 
    “A massive difference.  So, which one is it?”
    “I won’t tell you what you want to know because I don’t know.  I only know that I pulled the trigger.”
    “Okay, let me ask you this then, where did you get the gun from?”
    Robert stalled for a moment before he continued to float alongside him. “I don’t remember...but that doesn’t mean to say I didn’t bring it with me.”
    “Have you always owned a gun? Are you a pest controller or something?”
    “I...I don’t remember.”
    “I find that slightly strange...”
    “What?” Robert sighed. 
    “Well, you remember pulling the trigger and murdering everyone. You remember the way it felt to pull that trigger but you don’t remember buying the gun.  Surely you would remember the reason why you wanted to go into that place and kill people? There has to be a reason behind someone’s actions.”
    “There doesn’t have to be a reason why I did it.  I did what I did and I don’t have to explain it to you.”
    “Something doesn’t feel right about it all; I don’t think you can explain it because you didn’t do it.”
    “What do you want me to do, Phillip, do you want me to change the details so it feels better for you? It is what it is.”
    “If you say so.”
    “If you want it to feel better, if something doesn’t feel right to you then perhaps you should think long and hard about it all.”
    Phillip looked at Robert.  What the hell did that mean? He had been thinking about it.  It was all he thought about. “What are you talking about now?”
    “I will let you think about it.”
    Phillip watched Robert float upwards and away from him. “I don’t think about anything else!” he yelled. 
    As he kicked the sand under foot and made the effort to join his friends again, he stilled.  What the hell was that? It looked like a huge sand storm but did they happen beneath the water?  He wouldn’t know.  He’d never been this far down before.  No one had for this length of time, not without lots of breathing equipment.  Death was up to his usual tricks again. 
    “Pip, what is that?” Stephen asked as they stood alongside him. 
    “Sand storm?” Deyna asked. 
    “I don’t think so...” Phillip muttered. 
    He halted in his response when he saw what was forming again. “Oh Christ! Why does He have to send another one?”
    “How do we get away from this?”
    “Well, it is just sand and it can’t be that bad...”Stephen mumbled.
    “It was bad enough last time,” Phillip warned him.  
    Deyna gasped and clutched at Phillip’s arm. “That isn’t just sand, Ste.”
    Now Phillip saw it he knew that Deyna was right.  There wasn’t just sand swirling around.  He saw the fish.  As they neared he saw what they were.  Sword fish to be exact. 
    “We can’t get caught up in that, they will spear us!” Stephen told them as he moved away from the tornado. 
    “We have to run.”
    “Where do we run to?” Deyna asked him. 
    Phillip knew it was a valid question because there was nowhere to run other than in the open where they were bound to get sucked up, but it set his temper on edge.  They couldn’t run around it, the width of the thing was huge.  The dimensions of this thing bent all the rules. 
    “You have to run or swim over it!” Anne shouted. 
    Phillip looked at her as she pointed above the tornado, into the dark space. “Run! Push up!”
    They set off running; the sand already making their legs burn from the effort it took to run. 
    “We can’t outrun it!” Stephen gasped.
    Phillip could see that.  The thing had moved triple the speed towards them, so much so, it was nipping at their feet.  He felt the drag and pull and saw the gleam from one of the fish.  As soon as he felt the tornado pick up his feet, he saw Robert rush across to them.  He heard Deyna squeal and then a blinding light hit them all and he was suddenly blind.
    He couldn’t see. 
    He blinked, trying to clear his vision.  He was no longer being pulled upwards.  His feet were firmly placed on the floor.  What had happened?
    “Ste? Pip? Look,” Deyna whispered. 
    Phillip turned towards the sound of her voice and blinked again.  White spots popped up in his line of sight but at least he could see.  And what he saw shocked him. 
    In front of him was a mountain of bones. Fish bones to be precise.  On top of those bones lay a low cloud.  Robert.  Stephen and Deyna looked at him.  If anything was to happen to Robert before the very end, it would be the end of them.  He pushed up, scrambling over the bones to get to the ghost.  As he neared, Robert watched him; the light within the soul pulsed very slowly.  Phillip worried.  It would take some much energy to get Robert back to what he was. 
    “What the hell did you do? How did you do it?” Phillip asked him. 
    “I used my light.  I used so much of it, it was the only way.”
    “I’ve never known any of the ghosts to have that much stored up in them.”
    Even now, Robert’s light was pulsing a little bit quicker, and to Phillip’s surprise it was getting brighter.  How was he doing that?
    “You shouldn’t be surprised by what I can achieve,” Robert whispered. 
    “What? Why?”
    Robert sighed, his body already floating upwards.  Phillip hadn’t needed to help him.  This was a first for him.  He hadn’t thought about it before.  The other ghosts had always needed help... he had yet to help Robert. Something wasn’t right about that. 
    “I’m a murderer, Phillip.  I can do anything I want.  Nothing should shock you when it comes to me.”
    Phillip felt the shock hit him but masked it before it hit his face.  This quest was becoming harder by the second but he wouldn’t let it stop him. He took a deep breath and smiled at Robert.  “If you think that by telling me you’re a murderer all the time I will give up, you have to try another way.  You do shock me.  Everything single time you help us, you shock me because you do help us, despite this tough act.”
    Phillip knelt closer to the ghost and held his gaze. “Just so you know, I’m going to hold onto my hope until the very end, and only at the very end when I’m asked the question will I know the answer.  I can assure you, I will continue looking for it until that moment.  I’m not giving up on you.”
    Phillip stood and nodded at Robert before he walked away. 
CHAPTER NINETEEN



Phillip played over Robert’s words.  Over and over.  He didn’t know what to do with it.  He didn’t know where to go with it.  But Phillip had meant what he’d said, he wouldn’t give up.
    They continued walking into the darkness.  They hadn’t consulted the map.  He assumed that his friends didn’t want to know what was up ahead. Sometimes anticipation was worse than actually knowing.  With the maps Death gave them the drawings could mean anything. 
    “Can we stop sometime soon?” Deyna murmured tentatively. 
    Even she had sensed his mood.  So far he’d yet to speak with any of them.  Robert had moved to the front of the group and Phillip had walked at the rear of the group. 
    “I want to go a little further.”
    “What are you hoping to find in all of this, Pip? There isn’t anything out here to find.  What harm will it do if we rest for a little while?”
    Phillip looked at Stephen.  He could see that his friend was tired.  Phillip felt tired himself, but if he stopped then that would mean he had time with his thoughts.  He couldn’t stop.  Stopping meant thinking, although walking meant thinking but he pushed aside that thought very quickly.  He was going with the mind frame that if he didn’t think about it, it wasn’t happening.  The more he walked, the closer he got to the end.  Once at the end, he would deal with whatever would happen.
    “We keep going,” he muttered and heard his friends sigh. 
    He didn’t want to be mean to them.  He didn’t want to walk them to the point of exhaustion.  Maybe exhausting himself meant he wouldn’t think anymore.  He didn’t know.  He didn’t know anything anymore.  He just had to keep walking.
    “What is that?” Anne whispered as she pointed up ahead. 
    Phillip felt the pathetic tug of dread and nearly laughed.  He was so tired he didn’t have the energy to feel real fear anymore.  He stood alongside his friends and squinted, trying to see what it was that stood in the distance.
    “Okay, rather than walking to that thing, can someone go up ahead and see what it is?” Deyna suggested as she sat on the floor. 
    “I’m not doing it,” Robert snapped. 
    “No one asked you to!” Stephen growled. 
    “Anne and Sharon, will you please go and see what it is?” Phillip asked. 
    They nodded and shot off in the direction of the shadow that lurked in the distance.  Robert glared at him. 
    “Your face will stay like that if the wind changes,” Phillip snapped. 
     Robert growled but he didn’t say anything.  It was a small and petty thing to say, but that one thing made Phillip feel a little better.  He had to get his kicks somewhere.  They silently watched as the glow of the two ghosts’ grew brighter, meaning they were on their way back.  Deyna groaned and stretched as she stood, waiting for the news. 
    Anne looked positively beaming as she came to a stop next to Phillip. “It is fabulous! It’s a pirate ship!”
    “What? Like a real pirate ship?” Stephen asked, he suddenly seemed more alert. 
    “Yes.  It has cannons and everything,” Sharon told them. 
    “Fantastic.  We are going to see it!” Stephen told him. 
    Of all the things to be here, why was it a pirate ship? Really? There had to be something more? There was something more, Phillip knew this.
    “Wait, how do we know this isn’t a trap?” Robert asked. 
    The same question had entered Phillip’s head, but now that Robert had voiced it, Phillip wanted to see the ship to go against what Robert had said. “We can go and see it.”
    Although it was silly of him, just thinking of going on a pirate ship had pushed some much needed energy into his aching body.  Even Stephen was bouncing on his toes, raring to go. 
    “I don’t really fancy walking all the way over there for nothing,” Deyna complained. 
    “Deyna, there is a ship in this place, it won’t be for nothing.  Everything means something in these places,” Stephen told her. 
    “I don’t know how else we can get over there,” Phillip told her. 
    “I can take you,” Sharon offered. 
    Deyna looked at Sharon, taken aback by the offer.  Despite how kind she was, it was still a surprise that the ghosts offered to help them.  
    Deyna was obviously taking a long time to answer.  Sharon shrugged her shoulders. “Only if you want me to help...”
    Deyna rushed forward. “No, Sharon, that would be lovely.  Thank you.”
    “I suppose I will offer my help too,” Anne told Phillip. 
    “Anne, thank you.  Perhaps you can help Stephen.”
    Stephen nodded his thanks as Anne helped him.  Phillip watched Anne and Sharon pick up his two best friends and carry them.  He could see the strain it took for the ghosts but they continued, taking very little energy from his friends.  They had made progress at least.  He looked at Robert and felt the dread over the lack of progress. 
    “Do you want a hand?” Margaret asked him. 
    Phillip looked at her, shock evident on his face.  He hadn’t bothered to try and hide it.  He hadn’t had the best start with her, for her to offer to help him without something cajoling her into it, this was a big step. 
    Margaret huffed. “Oh, put your eyes back into your head.  I offered to carry you to the ship, I didn’t ask for a million pounds!”
    Phillip laughed.  He actually belly laughed for the first time in days.  He took her help and watched as Robert floated behind them in silence.  The cold he felt from having Margaret carry him was nothing compared to what he’d felt previously and she was very good at taking little energy from him. 
    As they neared the ship, Margaret sighed. “Mind you, if you find a million pounds on the ship, I want a stake in it.”
    As Margaret set him down, he looked at her. “You can have it.  Thank you.”
    She nodded her head as he joined his friends.  He couldn’t believe he was walking on an actual pirate ship.  It looked like something out of Pirates of the Caribbean.  The white sails were open, flapping in a breeze he’d yet to feel.  The dull wood creaked under foot as they walked along the deck. Stephen was looking at the canons as Deyna headed towards the head of the ship.
    “Don’t go touching anything, Pip!” Stephen warned. 
    Phillip smiled.  After the room of doom, he wouldn’t touch any kind of weapon ever again.  There was bound to be something here that would trigger a trap.
    “Why do you think this is here?” Deyna asked. 
    “It is here if Death wants it to be here,” Phillip told her.
    Stephen looked at him. “Is this on the map?”
    “I don’t remember seeing anything like this,” Deyna said as she made a move towards him. 
    “Lift up your top,” Stephen told him.
    “Alright,” Phillip huffed and lifted his top only to hear Deyna gasp and Stephen sigh. “It’s there, isn’t it?”
    “It is, but it wasn’t there before, it’s-”
    Stephen was cut short the moment a hand smashed through the wooden floor and pulled him into the depths of the ship. 
    “Ste!” Phillip shouted, rushing to the hole only to see a skeleton push its way up onto the deck. The patch, the bandana, it did nothing to hid the skeletal grin that he hated.  What the hell were these things doing here? Was it Death in disguise? On another thought, these things actually came to life?
    “Pip,” Deyna whispered, her wide eyes focused on the skeleton that stepped onto the deck.  
    “Deyna, run!”
    They ran but not before Phillip felt a skeletal hand wrap around his ankle. It pulled and caused him to crash to the floor, hitting his face hard against the wood.  He felt blood pool in his mouth as he rolled over and kicked, trying to dislodge the hand.  It worked and then he looked down.  The hand was still wrapped around his ankle.  It just wasn’t attached to anything.  
    Phillip pushed back and saw that the skeleton was already crawling its way up his body, the bones of its hips sliding along his legs without support.   He heard Deyna curse and made a move to help her just as the floor exploded around him and then he was falling. 
CHAPTER TWENTY


Phillip pushed through the unknown darkness and hit the skull that was approaching him from the left hand side.  He could hear Deyna’s shouts from up above him but he couldn’t hear anything from Stephen.  He assumed Stephen was down here with him.  He didn’t have time to think about it because there were too many of the skeletons heading towards him as if they were literally coming out of the woodwork.  
    He hit another skeleton that lurched towards him.  His knuckles hissed in anger and the skeleton seemed to like this, punching him in the face in return.  The darkened world around him spun; the harsh crack of a boney fist made his cheek sting but the pain fuelled him and his anger spiralled out of control.
    He kicked and fought against the dead pirate.  He was sure he pulled the pirate’s foot out of its socket, the deafening pop had come from somewhere and he didn’t feel the pain from it.  Thankfully.
    “Pip!” Deyna shouted from somewhere above him. 
    He pushed away from the pirate and looked up.  He could see now but that was only due to Anne’s glow as she floated next to Deyna. “Where is Ste?”
    “I’m over here,” Ste told him as he pushed his way through the many pirates that seemed to appear from within the darkness.  
    “Great, how are we meant to get out of this?” Phillip asked as the pirates turned to face the two of them. 
    “I believe I can help you with that,” Matthew spoke up from a darkened corner. 
    Phillip breathed a sigh of relief as Matthew stood in front of them.  He was really growing used to seeing this man, especially when he stood in front of them, warding off the danger.  Matthew simply waved his arm and the pirates sunk to the floor and became nothing more than a pile of bones. Phillip wished he could resolve things that quickly and easily.
    “Thanks,” Phillip sighed as he pushed up from the floor and gripped the edge of the hole.  He hoisted his body over the deck and looked at Deyna to make sure she was unhurt. 
    “Why didn’t you just use the stairs,” Stephen joked as he joined them. 
    “I thought I’d make things harder on myself.”
    “And they will only get harder,” Death teased as He joined them on the top deck. 
    Before Phillip could respond, Matthew also appeared on the deck. “I was just about to call for you.”
    Death cocked His head to the side. “Were you?”
    “What makes you think you can use these souls?” Matthew asked as he stepped closer to Death.
    Phillip, Stephen and Deyna watched them.  Phillip felt like he was watching a game of tennis, his head batting back and forth between Death and Matthew.  It was just a high stake- you will die if you lose- kind of tennis game.
    “They are souls.  Souls are to be used.”
    Matthew stepped even closer to Death.  Phillip felt happiness bloom in his chest. “You can’t just use them!”
    “Why ever not! They are pirates. They weren’t good souls.”
    “They weren’t murderers!”
    “How do you know?” Death leered. 
    “How do you know they were?” Matthew retorted. 
    The storm clouds that swirled in Matthew’s eyes flashed.  Phillip was sure he could hear the thunder that followed. 
    “These bodies shouldn’t be here. You cannot use them like puppets.  You must follow the rules!”
    “Like you have followed the rules...” Death leered. 
    “I have done what needed to be done because you persistently break the rules.”
    “Well, rules were made to be broken and I take great pleasure in breaking them.  Take the souls, they have served their purpose.”
    “And what purpose was that?” Phillip stepped up. 
    Death finally looked at him. “To lure you here and to hurt you as often as possible.  I have to say that that is quite the black eye you have there.”
    Phillip hadn’t felt the pain but now it had been mentioned, it throbbed. “Well, I’m sure if it had been an equal fight, someone else would have had a black eye.  It is rather difficult to do that to bone.”
    Death shrugged off his response which annoyed him all the more. 
    “I will take them now,” Matthew informed Death. 
    Death stepped up to Matthew, pushing into his personal space.  Phillip didn’t like that so he stepped between the two of them.  He quite clearly hadn’t thought about any of this before he’d done it as he now stood between Death and Matthew. 
    Death’s ruby eyes glared down at him. “Do you think it wise to stand in my way?”
    Phillip shrugged of His question which made the rubies glow.  Matthew stepped alongside him.  Death looked at the two of them, weighing up His options.  He quickly made up His mind as He made a move to grab Phillip and pulled him towards the black cloak.  Phillip kicked out, trying to drag himself loose.  Death laughed at his meek efforts.  A chain, one he hadn’t seen anywhere, was suddenly pulled tight around his body whilst two of the skeletal pirate marched towards him.  Matthew had taken them, but Death would take them back, if and when He wanted them. 
    Phillip saw his friends jump forward in their bid to help him, Matthew held out his hand to stop them.  He saw Robert hover in the background. Again, he didn’t offer them any help.  He wouldn’t help them.  Anne and Sharon were stood on either side of Deyna, guarding her from the pirates that could attack. 
    “What are you doing here anyway?” Phillip snapped, looking at Death.  He already knew the answer.  
    “The question is; what are you doing here?”
    Phillip looked at Him. “Is this part of the map?” He turned to Stephen, asking him instead. 
    Stephen nodded. “It wasn’t there, I think it has just been put there, but yeah, it’s on your heart.”
    Phillip swallowed.  It was the end.  Death turned to look at him and Phillip had never felt more alone.  The pirates around him turned to dust as quickly as he could blink.  This was it.  The moment he’d been dreading and he didn’t have an answer.  
    “So, do you have an answer?” Death asked him. 
    Phillip looked at his two friends and then at Matthew.  He seemed to sense something change in Matthew.  Matthew probably knew that everything would end now.  Phillip just hoped that Matthew could save their souls from a lifetime of torture.  
    Before he responded, he looked at Robert, trying and failing to find some redeeming quality.  He honestly believed that the ghost was guilty of the crime.  There wasn’t a single clue that pointed to him being innocent.  Phillip sighed and felt tears sting the backs of his eyes.  He’d let his friends down and now they were going to die because of him.  
    “I have my answer,” Phillip sighed. 
    “Pip,” Deyna urged. “Have you thought it all through? There might be missing pieces.”
    He nodded and smiled sadly at Deyna. “I’ve thought it all through more times than you can count.  I’m ready.”
    “And?” Death asked. 
    “I want to believe Robert is innocent.  I want to believe he didn’t kill Anne, Margaret and Sharon, and who knows how many others in that place.”
    Phillip watched the three ghosts turn and look at the man who had ended their lives.  And for what? They didn’t know why he had done it.  Phillip didn’t know why he’d done it and it had been his job to find out. 
    “So, are you saying this soul is guilty?” Death leered. 
    Phillip bit back his anger.  It was quite clear that Death was enjoying this. If he was nice to Death maybe He would take it easy on his friends.  Maybe Phillip could save them the pain? But it was already too late for that, and he just couldn’t bring himself to be nice to this thing. “I’m saying there is no evidence to suggest that he did it.”
    “But there is no evidence to show his innocence?”
    “No,” Phillip agreed, caught between a rock and hard place. “There is nothing to prove that he is innocent.”
    “Pip!” Stephen shouted as he lurched towards him.  Matthew held him back but Stephen struggled against him. 
    Unfortunately there were no holes in Robert’s story.  There was nothing Phillip could pick at.  Robert could very well be guilty and Phillip would never know why or even if he was.  Death turned towards him, hands outstretched as the snakes around His cloak moved towards him.  He was going to die, this was the moment he’d been dreading.  He just prayed it happened quickly.
    He had enough time to look over at Deyna, to see the tears trickle over her cheeks.  Disappointed tears? Or sadness at knowing this was the end? Phillip looked at Stephen and saw the internal struggle his friend fought.  He knew Stephen would push past Matthew if he could.  He saw the many questions in Stephen’s eyes and all he could do was nod. 
    “I’m going to enjoy this,” Death chuckled. “You eyes look ever so appealing, although Miss Stuart’s are quite divine, or perhaps I will try your brain first... Hmmm, decisions, decisions.”
    Phillip growled at Him. “I hope you bloody choke on whatever you decide to eat first!”
    Death laughed. “I like that spirit! Goodbye.”
    Phillip watched as Death lifted His hand, he held his breathe, waiting for the blow.  He felt a searing pain, one that rushed through his body and encased his heart.  His poor heart tried to fight against whatever held it but it was too weak, too afraid of what was about to happen.  Phillip’s body shook uncontrollably, letting him know that this was the end.  It happened in the blink of an eye and for that he was thankful at least.  In one moment he could see the ruby red of Death’s eyes smiling at him and in the next his heart simply stopped.  
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE


The air whooshed out of him at the same time a battle cry left his lips.  His heart painfully stalled as he watched, unable to do a single thing to stop it.  Stephen had watched his friend, his brother, die.  He had watched Phillip’s lifeless body slump to the floor and had heard Deyna’s anguished cry as she fully understood what had happened. 
    “Now then, I’m having brains for tea,” Death leered as he moved to bend over Phillip. “A quick death means the brains will be juicier.” 
    Stephen pushed past Matthew to try and revive his friend.  To push Death away from him but Stephen knew it was a pointless task.  He had to try.  He fought against the man who stood between him and his friend.  Matthew let him go.  He rushed towards the body of Phillip and pushed Death backwards.  Death seemed to slip, caught unawares.  Stephen knew upon seeing Phillip’s face that he was lost to them.  Of course he knew this, but he had to try. 
    He pushed Phillip onto his back and began compressions.  He pushed everything he had into pushing Phillip’s chest, trying to get his heart to beat again.  He could already feel his skin growing cold.  He could already see the blue creeping into his lips.  He felt the overbearing weight of sorrow drop into his chest. 
    “Now, which of you dies after Phillip?” Death sneered. 
    Stephen continued compressions.  He hadn’t thought about who came next.  It didn’t matter to him at the moment as all he could think about was saving his friend.  It was Deyna that responded. 
    “You bastard!” she screamed as she pushed up against the ghosts that restrained her. 
    “You do know you are wasting your time.” Death told him. “Once I kill someone, they are very much dead.”
    Stephen growled at Him but he continued.  Matthew stepped alongside him and knelt beside him.  His hand rested on his shoulder. 
    “Stephen, you must stop.  He is gone.  He is no longer here.”
    “No! No!” Stephen mumbled.  Tears were now threatening to spill over. He couldn’t see what he was doing anymore.  “I can’t believe that.  I refuse to believe it.”
    “You must stop,” Matthew told him and moved him away from the body of his friend. 
    The tears fell down his cheeks now.
    “Now, I suppose Stephen can go first.” 
    Stephen stood straighter and wiped the falling tears on his sleeve.  “I will go first, and I will be the last.  You will not touch Deyna.” If he had to die, he knew he would join Phillip.  He couldn’t leave his friend to eternal damnation, but he would not subject Deyna to it also.
    “You know the terms of the deal.  I must take both your souls.”
    “Okay, if you think you can have both of us, come and get me first, but don’t think I won’t put up a fight.”
    Death’s mouth snapped. “I do love this fighting talk.”
    Stephen jumped towards Death.  He didn’t feel the snakes latch onto his flesh.  All he focused on was punching the head.  He pushed his fist into the side of His skull and felt some satisfaction when it crunched.  He had to snap as many bones as he could.  That was the only way to cause this thing any damage.  Stephen barely registered Death lifting His fist, ready to penetrate his chest and crush his heart.  He pushed and fought with every ounce of strength he had.  He vaguely remembered Death lifting him off the floor by his neck and then everything went black...
...
Deyna watched as another of her friends slumped to the floor.  She was sure that he was still breathing.  She couldn’t let her worry, her fear, cloud her mind.  Tears rolled down her face as screams of anguish flew out of her mouth.  Anger coursed through her entire body, she let it overwhelm her because she could work with it.  The only thing that stood in her way to getting at Death was the ghosts, and Matthew.  He turned to her now, sensing her urge to leap over them all.  She had to protect Stephen.  She couldn’t leave him there, vulnerable and directly next to Him. 
    “Deyna...” Matthew warned. 
    “No!” Deyna shouted as she charged towards Death.  Matthew stood in her way. 
    She could only watch as Death bent down and lifted Stephen off the floor.  He couldn’t kill him.  He couldn’t.  She couldn’t live without her friends.  They were her family.  She could see that Stephen was lifeless. Deyna couldn’t watch.  She couldn’t breathe, she was panting as the whole thing became too much for her to handle.  The thought of her dying next never bothered her.  She wanted to fight.  She wanted to win and she would do anything to hurt that thing whether she failed or not.  Matthew pushed her behind him and stepped towards Death. 
    “You will not kill him,” Matthew warned. 
    Deyna gasped and looked at Matthew, tears rolled down her cheeks as she looked at Death who held her friend in one hand and stood over her other friend who remained lifeless on the floor. 
    “You cannot stop what is already in place!” Death snapped. 
    “You can’t-” Deyna began but she was quickly shut down by the look on Matthew’s face.  She’d never seen storm clouds like them. 
    “You will not kill him.  You will not touch Deyna.”
    “Are you going to stop me?” Death leered.  He stepped towards Matthew whilst holding Stephen’s body like one would hold a rag doll. 
    Deyna stepped up beside Matthew.  He looked at her and shook his head in frustration.  She wouldn’t stay behind him.  She noticed a change in Matthew, like he’d just received disturbing news.  This entire thing was disturbing, but she’d never seen Matthew react to this whole thing, before now at least.  His back suddenly jerked upright.  His eyes focused on something behind her.  What was coming for them now? 
    “I thought something like this may have happened,” Matthew whispered. 
    “I will stop you,” Death snapped. 
    “No, you will not!”
     Deyna sucked in a breath.  The shock made her feel weak.  She felt like she was going to faint because that voice, she shouldn’t be hearing that voice.  She held her breath and turned as Phillip stepped out of the shadows and walked towards them. 
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO


Deyna sobbed as she ran to him.  He braced his body for the impact, although he was unsure of what his body could withstand after everything it had been through.  As she flew into his arms, he held her whilst she sobbed.  She muttered incoherent things to him, he didn’t mind as he stroked her hair and let her get it out of her system. 
    He understood why she was so upset.  He’d died.  Rather painfully.  She was alone by the looks of things... He refused to look at the body that lay slumped on the deck of this ship.  Why the hell were they still on this ship? What the hell was happening? He hadn’t expected to come back so soon.
    He’d seen a glimpse of his dark hair when he’d walked out of the many shadows on the ship.  Nothing prepares you for the hit of seeing your own lifeless body and he’d had to swallow several times to try and get the image out of his head. 
    “What the hell happened to Ste?” he growled as he looked at Death and his friend who hung limply in His hand.  He wasn’t dead and that was a comfort but he didn’t like the way Death held him. 
    “I...” Death stuttered.
    Phillip titled his head to one side.  Well, that was a first.  He grinned, enjoying the momentary silence.  
    “Where have you been?” Deyna whispered once she’d gathered herself and pulled away from him. 
    Phillip had to smile; even she had positioned him so he didn’t see his own lifeless body.  She always thought of others even in times like this. “I don’t think I’ve been anywhere, I was with Matthew...I think.”
    Matthew turned to him and smiled.  That was the first true smile he’d seen. 
    “Wait, Matthew has been here the whole time helping us,” Deyna told him, and then she too looked at Matthew and received a smile.  She smiled back at him, despite the situation they found themselves.  Phillip knew why. Something tugged inside you when you saw that smile on Matthew’s face. You couldn’t help your reaction to it. 
    “I was with you all,” Matthew told them both.
    “I’m not going to ask what that means.” Phillip didn’t need the in-depth explanation.  When it came to Matthew he expected secrecy.  He didn’t mind having some secrets, as long as they didn’t threaten their lives. 
    “How do we save Stephen?” Deyna demanded.
    “Do you honestly think you have saved Phillip?” Death teased. 
    “Oh, so you finally found your voice?” Phillip sneered. 
    “How does it feel to be dead?”
    Phillip held back the full spread of dread.  He couldn’t think about it.  He couldn’t think about leaving his friends, not yet. “It feels good.”
    “Pip...”Deyna whispered. 
    “I’m okay,” he assured her before looking back at Death. “You won’t win.”
    Death laughed, the sound made his skin crawl.  Well, at least in death he could still feel things; that was something.  
    “I’ve already won! You are dead and Stephen here, he will be next and then Miss Stuart will be my final course.”
    “You-”
    “Please, Pip, let me take this,” Matthew interrupted him. 
    Phillip nodded, more shocked that Matthew had used his nickname and that it felt completely right for him to use it. 
    “You will not kill the two of them,” Matthew informed Death. 
    Death gestured with His arms. “They entered into this knowing they would all have to die if they failed.  They knew the risks and they still agreed.  Phillip failed and he is dead, so they all must die.”
    Matthew nodded his head. “That is true, Phillip did fail.”
    At that moment nothing could have hurt Phillip more.  The memory of dying, the memory of the pain when his heart had given up...even that didn’t come close to how those words made him feel.  He’d failed.  He’d failed them all. 
    Matthew continued like he hadn’t just delivered a verbal blow. “But you, Death, you had to give them the correct soul for them to have the chance to survive this quest.  You didn’t do that, did you?”
    “What?” Deyna snapped as she looked at Death.  Her fists were clenched as she took a step closer to Him.  
    Matthew strolled up to Death. “That isn’t Robert,” Matthew said as he pointed at Robert. 
    The ghost, Robert, had yet to say anything.
    “This is Robert.” Death gestured with a sweep of his arm towards Phillip.
    This was all making sense, well; it was making sense to Phillip at least.  He saw the confusion on Deyna’s face.  Phillip had seen the truth.  He knew the truth because dying had allowed him to see all, but coming to terms with it...well, it was going to be hard to begin to tell his friends the truth.  He could hardly believe it himself.  
    “No, that is Phillip,” Deyna said confused by this and looking at Phillip for reassurance that he was in fact Phillip and not someone impersonating his body. 
    “No, that isn’t correct.  I think you need to reveal everything, Phillip,” Matthew told him. 
    “And how do you know it all?” Phillip asked Matthew. “How do you know everything all of a sudden? You didn’t know before, did you?”
    “No.  Once you passed over, once any soul passes over, I receive their life story, the full history.  I found out then.”
    “And you didn’t bother to tell me?” Deyna screeched. “Could this have changed anything?”
    They both looked at Phillip. “Yes...If I’d known it could have changed things... I didn’t know, not until now.”
    “What do you know?” Deyna asked him. 
    Phillip took a deep breath. “Robert was a child at the time of the shooting.”
    “But this is a man...he isn’t a child,” Deyna murmured as she looked at Robert who hovered close to a cannon. 
    They all knew the soul remained the age they died at.  Robert was not a child when he died. 
    “He was the child I saw...the little boy,” Anne murmured.
    Phillip nodded. “Robert was 5 years old the day everything happened. He survived the attack and he was taken into custody because his life was in danger if a certain person found out he was still living.  His parents were believed to have died in the explosion.  Robert’s name was changed when he went into protective custody...I know all of this because I’m Robert,” Phillip whispered. “I’m the boy who survived and I was adopted by my parents.”
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE


  “What? Why? When?” Deyna gasped and moved away from him as if she was disgusted by the revelation. 
    Phillip understood.  He didn’t hold it again her.  It was a lot to take in, but he couldn’t answer her questions yet.  He had something he needed to do first. 
    “You need to let go of Ste.  Now.” He turned to Death. 
    Death looked at him, the grin firmly in place as the rich rubies glowed with delight. “Why should I do that?”
    “I’m dead, and for your information once I passed over that little bit of fear I had when I stood in front of you, it vanished.  I don’t fear you.  I will fight you and I will win.”
    He paused for dramatic effect.  He could get used to this.  He heard Deyna suck in a shocked breath.  She looked at him like she didn’t even know him.  
    He smiled before he continued. “I wonder... would you bones turn to dust if I used one of these ghosts here? I’ve seen how their electricity works, and I’m sure it will hurt.  I’m sure one of them will offer their service...”
    Phillip smiled as Anne, Margaret and Sharon stepped towards him. Michael was the only one who grabbed Death’s cloak.  He didn’t fear Death; he knew what would happen to him anyway.   
    “I would like the pleasure of the first strike,” Michael chuckled. “I’m already a dead man after my small crime.”
    “Well, you didn’t commit a murder, so your time will not be spent here,” Matthew told him. 
    “Things just keep getting better and better,” Michael crooned. 
    “Just so you know, it isn’t okay to be a thief and it isn’t okay to hold a knife to someone’s throat,” Deyna snapped as she looked at Michael. 
    “And he will pay for those crimes,” Matthew assured her. 
    Phillip focused on Death. “So, I will repeat what I just told you, you will let Stephen go.”
    They stood for what seemed like a whole minute, measuring up the other.  Phillip didn’t break eye contact, although he was sure they were on fire.  The heat from those eyes was not pleasant. 
    He finally let Stephen slump to the floor.  Phillip strode over and picked up his friend.  He felt Stephen hiss, the relief that his friend was still alive made him grin but he’d forgotten.  He was a ghost now and that meant he would be cold to touch.  He turned to Deyna, the question evident in his eyes. 
    Deyna shrugged her shoulders. “I didn’t want to say anything...I didn’t like to say it...”
    He nodded.  He still looked the same, he didn’t look like a ghost, he didn’t float like one either. “Do I still have my eyes?” That had to be the strangest question he’d ever asked someone. 
    “Yes,” Deyna murmured.
    Being cold, being this way, it made him doubly sure he was dead.  There was no coming back from this.  He just had to save his friends. He’d come back to save his friends.  Stephen coughed and rolled over onto his back.  He opened his eyes as Phillip crouched down next to him. 
    “Am I dead?” Stephen croaked. 
    “No,” Phillip chuckled. 
    “But...” Stephen jerked awake now. “You...”
    Phillip stood. “Yeah, I know.” 
    Deyna knelt beside Stephen and looked up at Phillip.  It was time.  He had to tell them.  He had to get it out of his system and then move on.  Would he see his real parents if he moved on? He looked at Matthew and saw a small shake of his head. He tested the theory. You can hear my thoughts?
    A small nod of his head. 
    Great. 
    “Okay, will someone explain everything to me? And you, I will deal with you later!” Stephen pointed at Death. 
    Phillip coughed and sat on the deck of the ship.  He suddenly felt exhausted, like everything had caught up with him all at once.  He remembered why, he’d moved Stephen and that alone had taken up some of his energy.  But he knew that he had to tell them.  He sucked in a deep breath, knowing he didn’t need to but it felt good anyway.  “When I died, all my memories came flooding back.”
    “Had you been hypnotised to forget or something? How could you not remember?” Deyna asked him. 
    “Emotional trauma,” Matthew explained. “When someone experiences a trauma like that, your brain shuts down the bad so you can cope with things.”
    Phillip took a deep breath. “Once I died, and by the way, even saying that sentence isn’t the best, I guess all my memories came back.  Like what Matthew said, the emotional trauma had kept it hidden all these years. Something has felt different since my quest started coming up.  I just assumed it was nerves over the quest, and then the newspapers clippings happened and I knew that something wasn’t right-”
    “I remember you saying something about that,” Stephen spoke up, “But I thought it was just the quest getting to you.  I remembered being there myself and thinking everything felt strange.  I guess it felt a little bit different for you?”
    Phillip nodded. “It felt too close to home but I couldn’t put my finger on it.”
    “So...excuse me for sounding rude, but who the hell are you?” Deyna asked Robert, the ghost.
    They all looked at Robert, or whoever he was, and waited for an answer. 
    “He doesn’t know.” Matthew stepped towards Death. “His memories were distorted.”
    “I didn’t touch him,” Death snapped. 
    “Robert, will you come here,” Matthew gestured. 
    The ghost looked at them all before he started gliding towards them. Phillip stepped back and watched.  Despite knowing almost everything, he still didn’t know who the ghost was, which meant Death had done something. 
    “What is your name?” Matthew asked the man once he’d moved closer. 
    The ghost shook his head. “My name is Robert and I’m a murderer.  I murdered all those people.”
    “See, we have a confession,” Death stated. “Now, can I have the rest of my souls? I’ve been waiting all this time to taste her eyes.”
    “And you will be waiting a long time yet!” Deyna spat. 
    Death stalked towards her, the fire glowing in His eyes.  Phillip and Stephen stepped in front of Deyna as Death walked towards them.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR


Phillip shook his head and stepped around his two friends as he headed towards Robert.  The other Robert.  He couldn’t think about him being Robert... This was rather confusing but he was Phillip, he didn’t know anything else other than the fact that he was Phillip.  Robert watched him, weary eyes watching what he was doing.  Phillip didn’t know what he was going to do.  He stood in front of him and lifted his hand to place it on the ghost’s shoulder.  Something told him he needed the contact. 
    He felt the immediate spark and with that spark came the flood of knowledge.  Everything he’d ever needed to know about the soul in front of him now flooding through him.  Had he only needed to touch him before? No, that hadn’t worked, Robert had helped him before.  This was different.  He was a ghost too.  He’d always needed to die.  There was never a chance that he would survive this.  That hit Phillip like a good solid punch in the gut. 
    Before he could say anything, Phillip groaned and fell onto the floor, his knees slipping through the deck of the ship.  If this is what it felt like to feel completely drained, no wonder the other souls weren’t exactly forthcoming to help them.
    “Pip,” Deyna gasped as she rushed forward. “What is it?”
    “My energy...”
    Stephen knelt beside him.  Phillip watched as both his friends took a hold of his hands and allowed their energy to pass through him.  They sat like this for a while; he sucked in a breath to steady himself. 
    “I know who you are,” Phillip told Robert. 
    “You don’t know anything!” Death snapped. 
    “Robert the soul, his name is Thomas.  He was an innocent bystander.  He was with his wife-”
    “Rosie...” Thomas whispered.
    “Is that your wife’s name?” Stephen asked. 
    “I remember her...”
     “He believes he was to blame for the murders and in a way, he was...” Phillip told them.
     Deyna gasped and looked Phillip. “What do you mean?”
    “Thomas, what did you do?” Phillip urged him to tell them. 
    The ghost needed to tell them.  He needed to talk it out.  The reason Death had been able to use him this way was because of some of the guilt he felt. 
     “I don’t do this... I wouldn’t usually do something like that...he made me!”
    “Who? Him? Did He make you do it?” Stephen glared at Death. 
    “As proud as I am when I force people to do bad things, it wasn’t me this time.”
    “No.  The murderer actually made me shoot the person...”
    “Do you remember the person you shot?”
    “She...”
    “It was me...” Margaret whispered as she lifted her hand up to her head. 
    They watched as Margaret looked at Thomas.  He moved towards her as she stepped back. 
    “I didn’t want to.  I didn’t mean to.  He made me.  He made me do it.”
    “I remember feeling the jolt of pain.  I remember thinking, this is it... my life is over and I had so many more things to do.  You shot me.” Margaret stormed towards Thomas. 
    “He didn’t.  He was forced, he was possessed,” Matthew told her as he stepped in her path. 
    “What?” Deyna asked. 
    Phillip was getting headache from all the twists in the story.  How the hell was he ever meant to figure this out?
    “Oh, I believe I should step forward and introduce myself,” Death mocked.
    Phillip clenched his fists. “We know who you are!”
    “Why would you do that? Why possess someone when they aren’t even dead?”
    The black material moved around Death’s shoulder, like he’d shrugged. “It’s what I do.”
    Phillip felt disgusted. “Surely that is against the rules!” He turned to Matthew, appealing to him. 
    “It will be investigated.”
    “Is that it?” Deyna yelled. 
    “It is all I can offer you at the moment.  Life works is strange ways.  I’m afraid bad things always happen to good people.”
    “Well, I believe in karma,” Deyna muttered as she stared at Death. 
    Matthew moved to her and touched her hands, a small smile played on his full lips. “You believe what you must, Deyna.”
    They stood on the ship looking back and forth at one another.  Phillip never expected this.  He never expected to be connected to so many souls in such a tragic way. 
    “So, why were you there, in that hairdressers, Phillip, or should I call you Robert?” Death grinned at him. 
    Phillip pushed aside his anger. “I don’t remember.  I don’t know, but that isn’t important at the moment.”
    “What is important anymore? This is just too much to take in.  How did you survive, Pip?” Stephen asked. “If all these people died in the close vicinity of the place, how did you survive? Not that I’m complaining, your my best friend and I’m thankful, but how the hell does a 5 year old survive that?”
    “I...” Phillip stuttered.
    “I saved him.”
    They turned and looked at Michael.  Phillip shook his head.  Some part of this had been offered to him upon dying, but this, all of this was too much to take in. 
    “You?!” Deyna shouted. “How did you save him? You are a thief!”
    “Yes.  I am.  But I was on my way out of the shopping centre, I’d been somewhere...”
    “You’d robbed the jewellery shop,” Death scoffed.
    “Yes. I had,” Michael snapped. “I was on my way out when I heard the first shot.  I know a gunshot when I hear it.  I edged my way over to that corner of the shopping centre.  The hairdressers, it was the hive of activity and that is when I saw him, and you,” he said as he nodded towards Phillip. 
    “Why didn’t you speak about this before?” Sharon asked. “You’ve been with us this entire time and you didn’t say anything.”
    “I couldn’t...” Michael shrugged his apology. “Who would believe someone like me?”
    “Maybe you should have more faith in people,” Anne told him.
    “So, you saved me?” Phillip asked. 
    “Yes.  I saw that the gunman had you, he held you by the arm.  Everyone had rushed away from him.  I saw him lift the gun and before I could do anything, he fired a shot.” Michael’s eyes shifted to Margaret. “You pushed away from him; I could see you trying to get out of there.  I remember seeing the shock on your face.  The man, he pulled you back and he aimed the gun at your head...so I jumped in.”
    “Is that how your face...?” Deyna asked. 
    Michael nodded. “Yeah, I didn’t think about what the gun would do, I didn’t think about where it was aimed, I just acted.”
    “What happened after that?”
    “I don’t remember,” Michael whispered.
    The man had obviously died the second his face had been blown off.
    “Great.  So we don’t know why this happened.  Who the hell did it? Why would someone go in with a gun and just kill people?” Deyna threw her arms into the air.
    “I have a question,” Thomas said as he turned to Phillip. 
    Phillip felt the dread sit like lead in his stomach.  He knew where this was going. 
    “When I saw you pulling away from the man I saw the shock on your face.”
    “Anyone would be afraid by what had happened,” Stephen argued. 
    “I understand that, but it was shock.  It wasn’t fear.  He wasn’t afraid.  He was only shocked. Why?”
    Phillip watched as everyone digested this.  He knew he would have to explain.  He sighed and pushed his hand through his hair, forgetting he no longer needed to do that. “I knew the person holding the gun.
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE



    “What?!”
    “Who was it?”
    “Why weren’t we told?”
    “Why is everything coming out now?!”
    Phillip allowed them to shout out their anger.  They were entitled to it.  So he waited.  He watched Thomas.  He watched Matthew.  Lastly he watched Deyna.  They were the only people of the group who were quiet. 
    “Be quiet a minute,” Deyna instructed. 
    Their anger became murmurs as everyone looked at her. 
    “We have lots of questions but first, before Phillip says anything, we need to negotiate our terms.” Deyna turned towards Death and glared at Him.  Death folded His arms and watched her with interest.
    “The only thing you can negotiate is which part of you I get to eat first,” He leered. 
    “Really? You still believe you have won this,” Deyna laughed. “Have you seen the havoc caused by this one quest?  Have you seen the ghosts here and the souls that should never have been put here in the first place? I think if anyone here was to feel worried, it should be you.”
    “Oh, really?” Death’s jaw snapped as He stepped closer to her. “Why is that?” 
    “You should really get that tick sorted out; it could damage your teeth.”
    Death’s eyes flashed.  Phillip was about to intervene when Deyna took a careful step towards Death. 
    “You should be worried because actions have consequences. Things don’t always go your way.”
    “You’re right; I’m still waiting to taste those green eyes of yours, the consequences of Phillip’s actions.”
    Deyna stepped closer to Death somehow making Phillip’s dead heart beat that bit faster. 
     “You will be waiting a long time,” she snarled. 
    Phillip moved closer to her, just in case Death had any ideas.  But He seemed shocked by the new Deyna that was stood in front of Him at the moment. 
    Deyna took a deep breath. “Right, we need Phillip’s soul put back in his body.”
    Oxygen he didn’t need whooshed out of his lungs.  What? That wasn’t possible, was it?  He looked across to Matthew, waiting for a hint that he’d heard the question.  It didn’t surprise him that Matthew didn’t give anything away. 
    “I won’t do that.” Death shook His head.
    “You won’t or you can’t do it?” Deyna asked.  
    “Of course I can do it; I can do anything I like.  I won’t do it.”
    Deyna smiled. “But now I know you can do it, I’m going to negotiate the terms.”
    “No.  There isn’t any negotiating room.  Once someone has died, they remain dead,” Death told them. 
    “Even if you use the wrong soul which meant Phillip could never win. That means we were always going to die and for that, you have to break the rules of someone always remaining dead.”
    Death lifted His hands, in that same second the ship disappeared from around them and they were once again facing His house. 
    “At much as I like seeing this house, you haven’t answered Deyna,” Stephen snapped. 
    “I’m glad you like the house, you will grow quite fond of the house when you spend an eternity here.”
    Stephen fisted his hands. “Over my dead body!”
    Death barked with laughter. “That is how it usually works!”
    “Enough.  Answer her!” Phillip demanded. He wanted to know if there was any hope of him escaping this punishment.  If there was any hope of him living again...
    “I was entitled to use any possession I could to ensure the quests were never easy.”
    “That is not true,” Matthew interjected. “You were not allowed to use the souls of innocents.”
    “I wasn’t allowed to use the souls of innocents to cause the three of them bodily harm.”
    “Margaret and Anne tried to cause us harm, you used possession then,” Phillip told him. 
    To be fair, the ladies now looked down at the floor, embarrassed by their actions. 
    “I believed they were guilty of a crime,” Death stated. 
    “What crime?” Margaret snapped. 
    “Hmmm... it escapes me now.  I’m sure at the time you were guilty.”
    “You just used them!” Deyna snapped. 
    Death nodded.  He knew nothing could be done about it.  He’d done what He wanted and it had worked. 
    “This is getting us nowhere, I’m dead.  You must save yourselves,” Phillip urged. 
    “No.  Not yet.” Deyna turned to Matthew. “What consequences could occur if one was to find out about possessing an innocent soul?”
    “Deyna, I can’t go into the logistics of it all...”
    “But would it happen, would the consequences be great?”
    Matthew sighed. “Yes, they would.”
    Deyna turned to Death. “Okay.  You used possession, not only in this quest but in all the quests.  You bent the rules but despite this, we won the quests.  We beat you.  This time you took things too far and now our friend is dead, by your hand because you gave him the wrong soul.”
    “Are you going to get to the point?”
    “You will face consequences-”
    “And you will ensure I do, Miss Stuart?”
    “No.  I will,” Matthew told him. 
    “You may be the balance, but you cannot impose such consequences on me,” Death snapped. 
    “I can’t, but I know someone who can.”
    Death’s jaw snapped.  Phillip could see He was thinking through everything. 
     “I don’t like losing.”
    “I don’t think anyone likes losing, but you’ve lost, deal with it.  Every soul we saved was innocent.  You got to keep the souls that weren’t,” Deyna snapped.
    “So, Miss Stuart, which soul do I keep this time? Michael?”
    “No.  Michael has wiped any debt when he saved Phillip,” Matthew commented. 
    “So, it looks like it is just me and young Phillip in this big empty house.”
    “You have other houses to go to.”
    “I do but I’m quite fond of this one though.”
    “Well, people are always committing crimes, you will soon have a new friend to torture,” Stephen snarled. 
    “Phillip cannot be saved.  He is dead.  He has passed over.”
    Deyna put her hands on her hips. “That is where you are wrong.”
    Phillip looked at her.  He seriously did not know where she was going with this. 
    “You manipulate the time down here which means Phillip hasn’t died up there.”
    Jesus.  She was right.  He hadn’t thought about it that way. 
    “So, if we were to leave now, Phillip would meet us up there.”
    The tick in Death’s jaw grew worse. “It would only be so for a short while. I can change the time difference.  I could change it now.”
    “Actually, you can’t,” Matthew told him. 
    “So, how long do we have?” Phillip asked, eager to know the answer as a new type of energy entered his body.  He could live again and having this little bit of knowledge made sure he would do whatever it took to live again. 
    “What will save you is the possession of another soul,” Matthew told him.
    “But none of the souls here are guilty of a crime,” Stephen said. 
    “No, but there is one person who is guilty of a crime, this crime in fact,” Phillip informed them. “I just don’t know where he is...”
    Matthew turned to him and put his hands on his shoulders.  He felt warmth seep into his body. “Tell me who it is and I can get them.”
    Phillip took a deep breath. “It is Callum Turner.  My uncle.” 
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

    
    “Pip, are you okay?” Stephen asked as Phillip slipped to the floor. 
    He couldn’t process any of this.  It was too much to handle.  His family were not his family.  His mum and dad weren’t actually his parents.  He didn’t know his parents.  He couldn’t remember them.  Everything was becoming a rather harsh reality and now wasn’t really the right time to have a meltdown.
    “I can see that you are struggling to come to terms with things, but can I just say that I went through something similar with my dad.”
    “I know, and I appreciate it.  I just need this quest to end so I can speak to them and ask them everything.”
    A second later a man appeared before them.  His long dark hair touched his broad shoulders as his black coat fit snug against his frame.  He hadn’t turned around yet so that meant he only saw the decaying house in front of him. “What the hell is this?”
    Callum turned now and eyes as blue as his own looked at him.  Phillip saw the recognition.  He saw the anger flash there. “What the hell are you doing here, Robert? You are meant to be dead! You can’t be here!”
    “I am dead,” Phillip spoke calmly as he stepped towards the man who tried to kill him. 
    “So why am I here?” Callum asked. 
    “Because you killed me!” Margaret screeched. 
    “And me!” Anne shouted. 
    The two ghosts shot towards Callum.  There was no way he could protect himself.  He swore as the two ghosts rushed through his body.  The two ghosts quickly became exhausted, it drained them to do such a thing, but Phillip had great satisfaction in watching Callum as he stood there, shivering as he faced two women. 
    “Why did you do it, Callum?” Phillip asked. 
    “Where have you been all this time?”
    “Why? Have you been looking for me?” Phillip questioned. 
    “Maybe...”
    “You can answer my question first.”
    Callum chuckled. “You are just like your father, rude, demanding and expecting things because of who you are! He was always considered to be the smart one.  Do you know he was going to fire me?”
    “No.  I don’t remember anything about my time before...”
    “It was probably the blow to the head.”
    “One you did?” Stephen asked as he clenched his fists and stepped alongside Phillip. 
    “Who are you?”
    “Someone you should fear.”
    “Robert you have surrounded yourself with these kinds of people?”
    “My name is Phillip.”
    Callum cocked his head to the side. “It doesn’t suit you, but then again, I would do anything to rid myself of that name.”
    “What did they do to you?” Phillip asked, exasperated by this man already.
    “He was going to fire me.  Me! Of all the people! I’d worked for your dad for 6 months and I was the best person for the job-”
    “What job was it?” 
    “Cars.  I sold cars but he didn’t like my approach to it.”
    “I don’t think I would either,” Deyna mumbled. “You seem a little angry.”
    “What was that, little girl?” 
    “I said I wouldn’t like it either.  You remind me of a snake, or maybe a slug , a slimy slug.”
    Callum moved towards Deyna and was suddenly stopped by every single one of them; the ghosts, Stephen and Matthew.  Callum was not going to get through them all. 
    “Go on, what happened?” Phillip urged.
    “I was entitled to that car.  It was mine.  I’d earned it.  Your daddy didn’t think so.  He took my wages and he took my car back.  He took them all back to the pay for the damage I’d done to the car.”
    “You stole a car?”  Michael asked.  Even he looked disgusted. 
    “I didn’t steal it, it was mine.  I scuffed it some when I took it home...I went to work after that, and everyday he took my wages.  I wasn’t having any of that...so I burnt everything.”
    Something flashed in Phillip’s mind.  Something close to a memory. “You burnt down the business?”
    “He could afford it.  He could start again, but he wouldn’t keep my car. Not the one I’d earned.  He wasn’t happy.  He called the police so I did something about it.”
    Deyna’s hand slipped into Phillip’s and squeezed. 
    “He died quickly, but the wife wasn’t there, she was Christmas shopping with you. I had to do something.  She would know.  She would see.  I had to get rid of the people who knew what I’d done.  I wasn’t going down for murder!”
    “You found us, in the shopping centre?”
    “I followed you.  I saw her head into the hairdressers and you went into the shop next door.  She knew where you were, you would only be a second.  I waited and watched and then I grabbed you and took you into the hairdressers.  She saw the blood on my clothes.  Everyone saw the blood. You didn’t, you were so innocent, so naive.”
    “I was 5 years old! I didn’t know any different!”
    “Your father made you like that, he made you soft! I couldn’t stand having a brother like that!”
    “She tried to calm me down, she even tried to calm me down when I told her I’d shot her husband.  I saw him,” Callum said as he pointed at Thomas. “He was the only man in there so I thought I would play a game.”
    “He passed me the gun and told me to pick one,” Thomas whispered. 
    Deyna gasped as she looked at him. 
    “I couldn’t do it,” Thomas told them. “I said no, but then he threatened the kid.  He said he would shoot him in the legs and let him bleed out first.  I had to do something...I’d never used a gun before.  I’d never held one before.  It was heavy and I thought I could use it to hit him.  I tried but then it fired.  It was too late then...”
    “That shot brought all kinds of attention, so I had to do what I had to do. The man who decided to save you was no match for me, but he pushed you aside.  I couldn’t get to you.  There was a crowd gathering around the shop and I knew that security, the police, they would be everywhere.  So there was only way to get out, I shot off a few more bullets.  Killed everyone in there, all the witnesses, and then I shot myself in the leg.”
    Everyone stood in silence looking at the man who was his uncle. His blood.  Phillip couldn’t get his head around it.  This person had killed his parents and innocent people because he’d stolen a car and wanted it back.  What had he wanted to gain out of killing everyone? 
    “You placed the gun next to me?” Thomas asked. 
    “You were right next to me.  It could have been him over there,” Callum said as he pointed at Michael. “I chose you.  Lucky you!”
    “You made me out to be the murderer!”
    “Well, someone had to take the fall.”
    “Wait, why did you do it? What did you hope to gain?”
    Callum smirked as he strolled closer to him. “You see, our parents died when we were young and your father decided to take the role of my parents, becoming a sort of legal guardian.  You were always the good boy.  The best.  I was always the one cast aside.  Once you came along they weren’t interested in me, they were only every interested in lovely, little Robert.”
    “You were jealous!” Deyna shouted. 
    “I wanted everything for myself.  If they died and you died, I was the adult.  I would have received everything.”
    “You killed all of us just for the life insurance? For the business?”  Sharon snapped. 
    Callum seemed to notice her for the first time.  He whistled. “Jesus, what happened to your hands?”
    Sharon looked down.  “The hairdryer, it blew up...I can’t remember much else...”
    “You will not hurt anyone else!” Phillip said before he charged at Callum. 
    He grabbed Callum by the throat and enjoyed hearing the breath leave his lungs.  Callum’s face started turning a deep shade of red. 
    “Pip! You need to stop!” Stephen shouted.
    He let go and then pushed through Callum and enjoyed hearing one of his bones snap from the cold.  
     “Pip, you must stop.  You know what will happen,” Matthew whispered as he placed a hand on his arm to steady him. 
    “I’m already dead!” Phillip yelled. 
    “But you could live!” Deyna responded. 
    Phillip stepped away from Callum and watched Death slide into his theatrical role. 
    “Wait, you must revive Pip first, he must be first,” Deyna demanded. 
    “Why? Don’t you trust me?”
    “No!” All three of them snapped. 
    Death snapped his teeth before saying, “Prepare yourself.”
    With that, everything went black as the pain consumed him. 
     
    
*

    Phillip woke on the cold floor and looked up at the many faces that crowded him.  Faces.  Eyes. The ghosts were now complete.  They finally knew what had happened to them.  He was helped to his feet by Thomas and Margaret as the others stood around them.  He looked at Death and Matthew and could no longer see Callum. 
    “How do you feel?” Deyna asked him. 
    “Okay...” He felt strange, his body felt heavier than it had and he wouldn’t tell Deyna that coming back to life was more painful than actually dying. 
    “I must leave,” Thomas whispered. 
    Matthew stepped towards Thomas. 
    “Wait...” Phillip began but he stopped because he really didn’t know what to say. 
    “It is okay.  I know it wasn’t my fault.  I must go.  Thank you for saving me but I must be with my wife now.  I’ve waited too long, I can’t wait any longer.”
    Phillip nodded and then looked at Matthew who nodded and took Thomas with him.  He quickly returned for the others.  Phillip said his goodbyes as Death watched on.  The souls went with Matthew, hopefully onto a better place.  He’d saved them but he’d had to die himself to finally figure out the truth, but he’d saved them. 
    “Are my parents over there?” Phillip asked when Matthew returned for the last time.
    “I cannot tell you.”
    Phillip scowled.   
    All I can tell you is that they are happy.
    He tried to hide the surprise that made his body jump.  He looked at Matthew. How was Matthew able to do that now that he was living again? Had the main always been able to hear their thoughts?
    How?
    I have my ways.
    Phillip shook his head and looked to his friends. “So, we have saved our souls, plus many more besides.  It’s time to go home.”
    Death stepped up to them. “I can still decide when you die.”
    Phillip looked at his wrist.  The band was no longer there.  Matthew saw where he was looking. Where the hell had it gone?  
    “It is no longer there.  It went the second you died,” Matthew explained.
    “So, do you think you can still kill us?” Deyna snapped.
    “I am Death, of course I can kill you.  I can do as I wish.”
    “Actually, he is bound by laws, just the same as I,” Matthew said with a smirk. “I wouldn’t listen to him.”
    Death growled. “I can see I’m no longer needed here.”
    Death snapped His teeth for one last time before He vanished, leaving behind black snakes that slithered towards the house. 
    “Nice to meet you too,” Stephen muttered. 
    “Can we leave now?” Phillip sighed as he put his arm around Stephen and Deyna’s shoulders. 
    “Of course, please follow me,” Matthew smiled as he walked in front of them, leading the way. 
    As they walked away from the house, the three of them turned around and looked at it.  They looked at the ashes of the flowers on the path.  They looked at the decaying paint that seemed to push itself away from the walls, repulsed by the house and what resided in it.  Within the second of blinking their eyes, the house disappeared and the cemetery came into view. 
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN


The cemetery that greeted them was quiet and cold.  It would usually be eerie, but Phillip welcomed it.  It usually was quiet as they were the only ones who visited.  Something else he appreciated now.  There was a fresh layer of snow, snow that hadn’t been there before.  Had it snowed in the time they’d been away?  
    “How much time has passed?” Phillip asked Matthew. 
    “Oh, a little more than what would normally pass on these quests.  You see, once Deyna had mentioned the time difference, Death was quite eager to make the time speed up just so he could keep you.”
    “So our parents could be worrying?” Deyna asked. 
    “Perhaps.”
    “Great.  That is just great!” Deyna stepped to one side and pulled her mobile out of her bag. “At least these still work after all that water!” She turned her back to them with her phone to her ear as she rang her parents. 
    Phillip listened to the one sided, rather heated conversation and knew they were in trouble.  Deyna sighed as she hung up. “They want me to go home as soon as possible to discuss why I didn’t call them.  I used being at your house as an excuse so you need to get your parents on board,” Deyna informed him. 
    He didn’t know if his parents would be on board.  He felt like he didn’t know his parents at all.  There were certain things he really needed to discuss with his parents.  He was sure after everything they were going to discuss, they would support Deyna’s lie.  They were so used to lying themselves and this lie was small in comparison.  
    He sucked in a breath, trying to release the anger, the frustration that wouldn’t get him anywhere.  He needed to stop thinking about what to say and he needed to just say it. 
    Matthew smiled at them. “I’m sure you can figure something out.  You are all rather good at that.”
    They stood next to Lester’s grave appreciating the silence and the fresh air.  He felt more relaxed breathing normal air.  Now that he thought about it, it had been rather strange breathing underwater.  Or maybe he thought is strange to breathe normally.  Either way, after everything he’d been through he was just happy to be breathing. 
    “Can I ask you something?” Stephen asked Matthew.
    “Yes.”
     “Those pebble, breathing things... do you have more of them?”
     Matthew smiled. “I may have, but they are not for you.”
    Stephen cursed under his breath which made Matthew laugh.  They looked at the man.  The sound was like music to their ears and it helped to dust away the final tight binds of stress.  Who was this man?  
    Phillip could hardly believe that the tasks were now complete.  He still felt like Death was looming over them, like he was waiting for Matthew to just disappear and then he could take his revenge. “Can I ask you a question, Matthew?”
    “Of course.”
    “Death can’t just jump out at us, can He? I mean, He is going to be pissed about losing and He will want to take His revenge.  Dying just the one time was enough for me.”
    “No.  He can’t just jump out at you.  You have completed the quests fair and square.  The only time you will meet Him is if you did something wrong in your life and having met Him, I highly doubt that will happen.”
    “Don’t worry, I won’t do anything stupid, believe me!”
    Stephen laughed and kicked the lose snow with his trainers.
    “So...I guess we should say-” Phillip began. 
    “Not quite yet.  I have a surprise for you.”
    “I used to like surprises, now though, not so much,” Deyna grumbled. 
    “I think you will like this surprise.”
    Deyna turned so quickly she almost fell over.  Lester stood on the edge of the cemetery and he was accompanied by Marie.  Deyna ran to him as Phillip watched Stephen struggle with something to say.  This was Stephen’s soul.  The one he’d saved.  Phillip could understand the emotional attachment to the soul.  Although, Phillip hadn’t really connected with his soul but he knew the others had.  He felt something towards Sharon, something like protection.  But they all loved Lester.  He’d been their first quest.  He’d tested them and helped them through it all.  During Phillip’s quest there had been too many of them.  He felt a little cheated by his soul, he felt cheat about the fact that Death thought it was appropriate to send so many his way.  So many that he couldn’t bond with any of them.  But he knew Stephen wanted to go over and say hello.
    “Go.  Go to him.”
    Phillip watched Stephen trudge over to Lester and awkwardly hug him whilst Deyna spoke excitedly with Marie. 
    “What are you waiting for, Pip?” Lester asked. 
    Phillip smiled and headed their way. 
    “Congratulations, young Pip,” Lester said as he hugged him.  “You’ve done it!”
    “Thank you.”
    “I hear you died, how was that?” Lester joked. 
    Phillip grimaced. “Painful.”
    The way his heart gave out.  He wasn’t sure he would ever forget that feeling, the final thoughts to have gone through his head.  He really hoped a heart attack wasn’t going to be his end fate.  
    Lester whistled. “Well, I shouldn’t tell you that I know how it all ends for you... you need to look after that heart of yours.”
    Phillip coughed and looked at Lester in shock. 
    “Ignore him, he likes to tease,” Marie warned. 
    “Yes, well, they know this, honey,” Lester told her.
    Phillip managed to breathe again when Lester’s hand touched his shoulder.  After the shock had worn off, he looked at the two of them and it simply warmed his heart to see Lester this happy.  To see what Stephen had done.  What they all helped to do.  
    “We can be just as bad,” Stephen told her. 
    “I’ve heard,” Marie giggled. “He talks of you often.”
    “Marie...” Lester coughed. 
    “We think of him often,” Deyna told Lester as she hugged him again. 
    “I miss this,” Lily spoke from behind Lester. 
    Deyna looked around Lester’s tall frame and then screamed in excitement as she leaped around Lester and hugged Lily. 
    “How are you? How are things? Is everything okay?” Deyna asked.
    “Deyna, let her breathe,” Stephen laughed. 
    Lily giggled. “No, it’s fine.  We are good.  Things are good.  Matthew watches over us.”
    Phillip turned and looked at Matthew.  This man was something else.  Did he watch over everyone? Matthew jerked his head to motion him to come over to him.  Phillip watched as Stephen engaged Lester in a conversation and Deyna spoke with Lily and Marie.  He followed Matthew to the other side of the cemetery and watched the happy reunion.
    “I’ve brought you aside as I wanted to know how you are dealing with things?”
    “Why?” What did it matter now that the quests were over?
     It matters. 
     Phillip looked at Matthew. “You watch us quite a bit, don’t you?”
    Matthew shrugged. “I’m fascinated by the three people who managed to beat Death three times.  I was always going to watch over the souls they so bravely fought for.”
    They listened to the happy chatter across the cemetery.  It made him smile.  Happy chatter in a cemetery would have seemed wrong before today.  Now, it felt right.  Phillip sighed. “I guess I could be better...it is a lot to take in.”
    “I understand that.  You’ve been through quite a lot, but I also want you to see what you do have.  I want you to appreciate what you’ve achieved.”
    “And what is that?” Phillip folded his arms across his chest. 
    It was clear he was feeling sorry for himself and he had every right to feel that way.  He’d lost his parents, ones he couldn’t remember, to a cousin blinded by rage and money.  He’d failed his quest.  He’d died.  It didn’t get any worse than that. 
    “I have to tell you, you did very well with what little you had.”
    “Matthew, I didn’t do anything.”
    “That isn’t true.  You killed an octopus for newspaper clippings, you pieced everything together, the hairdressers, despite having very little to work from.  You saved all those souls.  Not just one soul.”
    “I only saved them after I died.  Deyna did the rest.”
    Matthew shook his head. “I knew you would see it that way.  You don’t see your own worth sometimes.”
    “What don’t I see? I know what I did during that quest.  All I did was hurt people and get myself killed.”
    “You had to die, Pip.  You had to do just that to truly save us,” Margaret spoke as she walked through the trees followed by the rest of them. 
    “It was Death’s way,” Matthew told him. “You didn’t fail.  You won.  You won the quest the second you died for these innocent souls.  Death believed that you were weak and this is why He killed you but it backfired as you saved them.  He didn’t know that your memories would come back.”
    “Did He know…about my past?” Phillip asked. 
    “Yes and He thought he could use that against you.”
    “There was never any way we could tell you what we knew.  Even we believed it to be distorted.  That was His doing.  You looked past that.  You looked past everything we had done to you, and you saw the good,” Anne told him. 
    “So, I didn’t fail?”
    Matthew shook his head. “No.”
    “But, I thought when I died...”
    “No, you saved us all, and now we want to thank you,” Sharon murmured.
    “Why? If it wasn’t for me and my family, you would all still be alive.”
    “If it wasn’t for you and your sacrifice, we would still be imprisoned,” Thomas said.
    “I want you to know that you have some very special friends.  Your parents must be so proud,” Anne whispered. 
    Phillip shrugged.  They probably would be if they knew.  He had to speak with them.  He had to tell them.  Could he tell them? How did you go about discussing Death and Matthew?
    “Thank you for choosing to sacrifice yourself to save me,” Sharon whispered as she hugged him. 
    He relaxed into that hug.  Sharon had been the only one to really show him the light.  He accepted their hugs and their thanks and watched them leave.  He glanced over at Lester and Lily.
    “You helped save them; you know that, don’t you?” Matthew stated. “Each of you brought something to every quest.  Each of you found a bit of something after the quests.  I hope you can find yourself, Pip.  Your parents deserve that.  You deserve that.  This only serves to make you a stronger person.”
    Phillip looked at him and nodded. “Thanks.  I know you are trying to help me see the sense in all of this, it may take me a while.”
    “I understand and I hope you do soon.  Now, go and say goodbye.”
    Phillip walked across to the gang as they finished talking excitedly.  Lester took his hand and held it, warm and reassuring. “You can come here anytime you need to talk.  We will be around to listen to you.  Any time, do you hear?”
   Phillip swallowed past the lump in his throat and nodded before being enveloped in a hug.  Marie kissed his cheek. “Thank you for helping to save my Lester.”
    He nodded, having suddenly lost the ability to speak.  He knew that this would be the last time that they ever saw them and he wanted to savour the memory.  He watched them move onto their goodbyes to Deyna. 
    “You did good, Pip,” Lily told him. “Find happiness in that.  You can’t control over people’s actions, I know this firsthand, but you can control how you act from now on.  I chose to act for the good, for my life, for my family now. ”
    Phillip nodded and hugged her before stepping aside and allowing Deyna time with Lily.  As everyone finished saying their goodbyes, they stood together and watched the ones they’d grown to love walk away with Matthew. 
    “We will no doubt see you again, Matthew,” Stephen called. 
    Matthew turned. “Not before your time.  Live and be happy!”
    They stood in the cemetery holding hands together as the sun began to fall in the sky, casting an orange hue across the landscape.  
    “So, what happens now?” Deyna asked. 
    “I need to speak with my parents,” Phillip sighed. 
    “Do you want some back up?” Stephen asked. 
    “No, I think this is something I have to do myself.”
    “Okay, well, if you want us, text us,” Deyna said as she hugged him. 
    He nodded and then hugged Stephen before he started his journey home.  He needed to get things straight in his head before he even approached this whole quest thing with his parents. 
CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT


Phillip walked into the kitchen to the sounds of his parents talking in the living room.  For one second, he hated them.  He’d never hated them in his entire life.  He loved them.  But for one second he hated that they’d kept this from him.  That they’d kept a secret he should have known about, a secret that could have helped in the quest.  How was he going to start this conversation? How could he begin, before he could take a deep breath, his mother walked into the kitchen.
    “Oh and hello to you, where have you been? We’ve been very worried,” His mother said as she walked into the kitchen.
    “Looks like you have,” Phillip said.  The words were harsher than he intended and his mother noticed. 
    She halted on her way to the fridge, looking at him.  Those grey eyes held questions. “We were worried, but we knew you would be fine.  We assumed you’d gone off for the weekend camping.  Is Stephen with you?”
    They’d been gone the entire weekend and his parents thought they’d gone camping? They hadn’t even left a note. “No.  He isn’t with me.”
    “Oh dear, what’s happened now? Have you two fallen out?”
     This was his opening so he took, even though he was lying. “Yes, we’ve fallen out.”
    “Why?” his mother asked as she stepped alongside him. “I know you two seem under each other’s feet now, but I thought you were getting on so well.”
    “He lied.”
    “What did he lie about?”
    Phillip shrugged, trying to take the conversation where he wanted it to go. “Do you think lying is okay?” He’d lied about the quests, but that was to save their lives.  Their lie was far worse.
    He watched his mother shift uncomfortably. “If it is necessary, a lie can help...”
    “In what kind of situation does a lie help?”
    “Well, every situation is different...”
    “Did the lie you told me help you?”
    “What lie-”
    “No more lies, please... I know about my parents,” he pleaded and looked at his mother.
     She looked at him for a long moment and then sighed. “I think we need to sit down.  George, will you come in here a moment?”
    They waited until his father appeared. “What is it?” His dad pushed his hand through his ever thinning light brown hair. 
    “I know, and I want you to explain everything to me,” Phillip mumbled. 
    He watched as his dad stalled, as his face turned white before he sat down with them at the table. 
    “How do you know?” His mother asked, breaking the silence. 
    “Does it matter how I know?”
    “Yes.  How did you find out?”
    “I just found out...”
    His mother looked at his father and then pushed her hand through her silver hair nervously. “What you know could put you in danger.  We tried to protect you from the danger.  If someone told you, you need to tell us who it was.”
    “I know, I found out...” Phillip sighed.  He understood why they had held back his true identity but understanding didn’t make it hurt any less. 
    “I think you should tell them everything,” Stephen spoke up from the doorway before he walked in. 
    Phillip looked up and saw Deyna follow him in.  She shrugged. “We didn’t think you should face this on your own.  We’ve faced enough together.”
    “What have you faced?” His dad asked as he stood up, his bulging belly hitting the table as he did. “He’s here.” His father looked at his mother and that was when Phillip saw the panic. 
    “No.  He isn’t here,” Phillip assured them. “He’s dead.”
    His mother’s hand stilled near her mouth, the shock showed on her face. “How do you know?”
    “Trust me, I know.”
    “How?” his father demanded. 
    “Okay....” Phillip sighed and began to tell them about his quest. 
    He watched shock and disbelief cross their faces.  At one point he even saw his father smirk, like he didn’t believe him.  Phillip continued anyway.   Once he’d finished telling them about his quest, he knew there would questions. 
    His mother started. “So, you’ve been under water? You could breathe under the water?”
    “Yes.  Matthew, he is the one we’ve met on previous quests, he gave us something.”
    “And Matthew is the good one?” His father asked, he sounded like he didn’t believe them. 
    “Yes,” Deyna answered. 
    “You met Callum?”
     “Yes.  I met him.  I’m glad he’s dead.”
    “Me too,” his father sighed. “I’m sorry about your parents and I’m sorry we had to lie to you but you can understand why?”
    “You are my parents from what I can remember and I don’t know them.  I can understand why you did it, you were afraid, you feared that he may come back but I don’t accept it.  I’ve faced my fears more so in the last couple of months that I have done my entire life and I think you need to start doing that.  If you’d told me the truth, how do you think I would have reacted?”
    His father sighed. “You would have tried to find information, perhaps go back to the scene of the crime.  We couldn’t risk doing that.” 
    “You realise that I died because you held back the information?”
    His mother winced but he didn’t regret saying the words.  “I died and it hurt like hell.  That could have been avoided; I didn’t need to go through all of that.”
    “Pip, you have to realise that we all went through things in those quests and that was something you had to go through...” Deyna murmured. 
    “Your parents only did what was right,” Stephen told him.
    Phillip shrugged.  He wasn’t handling this well, he knew and he appreciated the gentle nudge from his friends. 
    “Pip, we only did-”
    “I know,” Phillip assured them. “And you are my parents; I just hate the fact that you kept something this big from me. I don’t know who I am anymore…”
    “Pip,” Stephen began.
    “No, Stephen, we can take this,” his father told him. “Phillip you are our son, you were from the moment we clapped our eyes on you. Everything that has happened in your life has shaped you as a person, you are the same person you have always been, but perhaps after everything you have been through, maybe you are a stronger person, a more understanding person.”
    “I’m glad you think that we are your parents, love, but you need to remember your parents also.  I worried constantly about if or even when you would remember all the details of your past.  We were going to tell you but we had to find Callum first.  We weren’t going to put you in danger you’d already been through so much,” his mother assured him.
    “How did you find me?”
    His dad coughed and moved in his chair. “We were looking into adoption as we’d struggled for a while and our helper told us about a child that needed a home.”
    “We travelled down south to see you and what I saw broke my heart...you were battered and bruise and you were so quiet.  We had to give you a home, I knew we had to protect you.”
    “I can’t believe I don’t remember any of this...”
    “The people said it had something to do with the trauma and what you had seen.”
    Phillip smiled. “That’s what Matthew said.”
    His mother looked at him. “I want you to know if you ever want to talk, we are here to talk to you.  We will tell you everything we know.”
    “I understand.  I understand that you were trying to protect me.”
    “I also understand why you didn’t tell us about the quests, you were protecting us.  But I don’t like to think of any of you being put in danger.  I don’t like to think about what Callum could have done to you.”
    “It isn’t Callum you should worry about, that man is nothing compared to Death,” Deyna told them. 
    “Death is something that we can handle,” Phillip said, nodding his head as his mother pushed his hair out of his face.  He usually didn’t like the fussing, but he allowed her this one time.  They needed it as much as he did. 
    “So, what other things have you done on your quests?” his dad asked as his looked at his two friends. 
    “Well, I will tell you about mine next,” Deyna said.  She moved in her chair and began to tell them about the jungle.
CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE


    “Death doesn’t sound like someone I’d want to meet at any time,” his mother said as she cringed when Deyna finished telling them what had happened in her quest. 
    “Death isn’t nice, full stop.”
    Phillip could still see the doubt on their faces as they listened but he saw them coming around to it all.   As if they could make up these kinds of stories.  They were too farfetched to be lies.  It was only when Stephen began to explain everything about his dad that the realisation dawned on their faces.  Phillip saw it, the exact moment that they believed them. 
    “I’m sorry, Stephen,” his mother whispered. “For you to say it was your father, it must have been hard.”
    Stephen nodded. “You’d think so, but it wasn’t.  Since she died, there hadn’t been anything there.  I wasn’t his son and he wasn’t my father really.  He deserved to die for what he’d done to people, to my mother and to Lester and Marie.”
    His mother sighed, her face held the strain of all she had learnt. “Okay, if I was to believe you all, how do you know that this is the end?”
    “I died, Mum, it doesn’t get any close to the end.”
    The words made his mother jolt. “I wish you would stop saying that.”
    “It doesn’t make it any less real.”
    His father nodded. “I understand.  I do.  You have all been through so much but why the hell didn’t you tell us?”
    “We had to stick to the rules.  If we didn’t, He would have changed the rules to suit Him.  My guess is, if we’d said something then none of us would be sitting here today to tell you all of this.”
    “How do you know He won’t come back?” his mother asked as she looked around the kitchen. 
    “I will make sure He doesn’t,” Matthew stated as he walked into the kitchen. “Hello, my name is... Matthew.”
    His father stood protectively over the table as he watched Matthew enter the room.  They’d said he was the good person in all of this, but Phillip couldn’t blame his dad for wanting to protect them.  Plus, Matthew was always a sight to behold. 
    “Dad, it’s Matthew, he helped us.”
    “You have said that, but why are you here?” his father asked Matthew. 
    “I’ve come with news.”
    “Oh?” his mother asked. 
    “Yes.  Phillip, I found your parents.”
    Phillip had been prepared for anything, perhaps that Death wanted a fourth and final round.  He hadn’t expected Matthew to say that.  Not that. He couldn’t breathe.  His mother looked at him and pushed away from the table, moving to soothe him.  His father still remained stood but his hand pushed down on his shoulder offering his support.  
    Phillip knew that his parents were where they should be, at peace.  At least Death hadn’t got to them.  And that little piece of knowledge helped things slide into place.  He knew that the whole point of the quests was to help him appreciate life.  He did.  After everything he’d seen, he appreciated life.  He appreciated the lack of things chasing him, the lack of things trying to kill him.  He’d been given a second chance.
    As he looked around the room, he knew that he was surrounded by those who loved him.  He had the two best friends anyone could wish for.  He knew they would die for each other; they had come close so many times before. 
    He also had a guardian angel, if that is what you wanted to call Matthew.  He wasn’t sure Matthew would appreciate the title.  He saw the look on Matthew’s face which told him that he wasn’t happy with the title.  He also had friends in the cemetery, ones he could talk to whenever he liked.  Who could honestly say there were lucky enough to speak with those that had passed over?
    “Thank you, Matthew.  I appreciate you coming to tell me that.”
    “I thought you might like to know.”
    “It helps, it really does.  Thanks.”
    Matthew nodded his head and turned to leave. 
    “Wait...” his mother stood and played with her hands, uncertain about what to say. “I wondered if you would like a cup of tea or maybe a piece of cake?”
    For the first time Phillip saw surprise flit across Matthew’s face.  Deyna laughed, clearly enjoying the look on Matthew’s face. 
    Matthew smiled and shook his head. “No thank you, although I’ve never been offered such a lovely delight.  I must head back.”
    Phillip watched his father push out his hand.  Matthew looked at it and then shook it. “Thank you for looking after them.  I couldn’t imagine my life without him, or the two terrors he calls friends. ”
    Matthew smiled and nodded. “There is no need to thank me.  They looked after themselves.  You should be very proud of them.”
    “We are,” his mother smiled. 
    Matthew left them in the kitchen as they stood together smiling like idiots. 
    His mother looked at them and then sighed. “Tea? Cake?” 
    “I wouldn’t say no,” Stephen laughed. 
    “Did you see his eyes,” his mother whispered to Deyna. 
    Deyna smiled.  Phillip knew they would miss looking into those storm clouds.  For something so turbulent, they offered so much peace.  
    “So, you have Lester to thank for you becoming a policeman, then?” he heard his father ask Stephen. 
    Phillip took a deep breath, really appreciating for the first time that this was all over.  They’d done it.  He smiled at his mother as she fussed with Deyna’s hair whilst boiling the kettle.  This was right.  Everything would be alright.



*



    “Are you staying in tonight?” his mother asked as she walked into the kitchen. 
    Phillip and Stephen were sat on the floor erecting the tents whilst Deyna popped more cakes in the oven. “Yeah.  We thought we would live dangerously.”
    His mother laughed and pushed him as she walked to Deyna. “Have you decided to tell your parents about all the quests?”
    Deyna shook her head. “Nope.  They aren’t as open minded as you are. This would seriously scare them and they would never let me leave the house again.”
    “Well, I think we are handling it better because we don’t believe a word you are saying,” his mother said as she winked at Deyna. 
    “I’m sure one of the souls could come here and convince you.”
    His mother looked at him as his father walked into the kitchen. “That smells lovely, Deyna,” he said, patting his stomach. “And, I wouldn’t mind meeting Lester.”
    “Not today,” his mother told them. “Maybe another day, but not today.”
    “What are you doing in here?” his father asked them. 
    “We are camping out in the kitchen with cakes.”
    “Riiiggghhhttt, that isn’t normal, you know that?”
    “We don’t really do normal,” Phillip told him, shooting him a grin. 
    His father looked at them like they had lost their minds. 
    “What? We think it will be great.  In a tent and warm...” Deyna told him.
    “Nothing is wrong with that...come on, dear, let’s leave the kids to it.”
    Phillip shook his head as he watched his parents leave the kitchen. 
    “They are handling everything so well,” Deyna commented as she started making her icing. 
    “Yeah, they are.  We sat down afterwards and we really discussed everything.  I’m keeping my name.”
    “Good, I think Rob or Robbie would have been an awful nickname.  You will always be Pip to me.”
    Phillip laughed. “Yeah, I think they offered me a chance at a second life.  I thank them for that every day.  They named me Phillip so by keeping my name it is my way of respecting that and living my new life with them.”
    “Have you decided what you are doing about college?”
    Phillip nodded. “I discussed it with Dad.  I’m moving.  I want to take law and help people in any way I can.”
    “I’m happy for you!” Stephen told him. 
    Phillip looked at Deyna. “Deyna?”
    She looked at him.  He saw the sadness in her green eyes. “I just don’t like to see us break up.”
    Phillip stood up and walked to her.  He pulled her into a hug. “That won’t happen.  We’re not just best friends for life, we are family.  That doesn’t change if I move somewhere.  We have our quests; we have our friends waiting for us back here.  If anything, this whole experience has brought us closer together.”
    Stephen stood and put his arm around his shoulders whilst he pulled Deyna into him. “He’s right.  We will always have each other.  Distance doesn’t change that.  We have to live harder for those who didn’t have the chance to live.  We live for them now.”
    Deyna nodded and sniffed. “I know you’re right but I will miss you.”
    Phillip laughed. “You can’t cope without me for 4 days?”
    “What do you mean?” Deyna asked as she pulled back from the hug and looked at him. 
    “You do know I will be coming back every Friday night?”
    “Yeah? You will?” Deyna said smiling. 
    “Of course, I would never miss one of our Friday treats together.” He rubbed Stephen’s hair. “It’s our tradition!”
    He watched Deyna smile as she set to work icing her cake.  Stephen started putting the tents together. One for Deyna, one for them. The usual now.  This tradition wouldn’t change.  Many things had, and many things were bound to change, but this wouldn’t. 
    He smiled at Stephen.  The quests were over.  They’d saved the souls.  It was time for them to start living again. 



