Bonded
A Novel

by
Jonathon LaMella

Instagram: @hisnameisjonathon

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictionally. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or to actual events or locales is entirely coincidental.
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. 
Copyright © 2014 Jonathon LaMella. All rights reserved. Including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof, in any form. No part of this text may be reproduced in any form without the express written permission of the author. 

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty 
Chapter Twenty One













Chapter One
I remember the first day I felt physical attraction.  I was thirteen. The girl was the same age. We were at the park on the swings when I leaned over and kissed her. That was when all hell broke loose. Her father dragged her away by her hair. My mother slapped me in the face. People circled around me, shouted, swore, and even spit.   
Fortunately, my father was a member of the council and his security team got us out of there.
When we got home Mom cried in the backyard. Her shoulders shook and her hands covered her face. At the time I did not understand how a kiss could cause so much anger and hatred from people. I remember my father’s words, gentle, but like a knife.
“Son,” Dad said, eyes swelling with tears, “there’s something wrong with you. People don’t have these feeling. They haven’t for hundreds of years. One day you will understand why.”
“I’m sorry Dad,” I responded.
He hugged me. Like he was losing me. Like I was too far gone. 
“If it weren’t for my position as a council leader…you’d…” His voice choked. “They would publicly put you to death.”
My stomach twisted into knots. “I won’t do it again.”
“Hide your feelings. You have to fight these urges until we can figure out how to cure you.”
That one kiss cost me everything. I was not permitted outside contact for a year. My father told me not to entertain my feelings, these urges. I didn’t listen though. I haven’t listened since I kissed that girl. I longed for that feeling. The way my body felt. The way it reacted when our lips touched. I want to feel that again. 


Chapter Two
Three years later I still can’t shake the memory of the park. This day it haunts me more than ever because today is the Bonding Ceremony. The person assigned to be my life partner the moment I was born will be revealed to me. It’s something that can never be changed unless one of us dies. Then an exception is granted. 
I think about the girl I’ll spend the rest of my life with.  What will she look like? Will she be beautiful? Nice? Mean? Will I even like her? It doesn’t matter because I don’t have a choice. We’ll be together until the day we die. 
Every sixteen year old will be going through the same thing as I am. But even that doesn’t make it feel right or better. Not only do we all share the same ceremony but also the same birthday. All age groups are born on the same day. All sixteen year old citizens are born on the fifth day of July, ensuring that everyone gets a life partner.
This is life here in Eden. A Society located in the Hawaiian Islands, the only shred of human civilization left after a devastating war that destroyed most of the planet. We are what remains of the human race. 
In school I learned there hasn’t been a natural conception or birth for hundreds of years. Since our society was founded, scientists create embryos and place them in young women at the age of twenty five. There’s no choice. Each child is created from a modified genetic code to eliminate the ability to sexually reproduce and experience what the Council calls intimate love. The Council is made up of twelve people. These twelve individuals are the government whose purpose is to maintain order, draft laws, and protect our laws. From what I read in school there used to be thirteen leaders a decade ago but apparently one turned his back on our society and disappeared. 
Today is the last day I’ll be able to make my own decisions without the approval of a partner. And trust me, I’m going to enjoy it while I can. 
Morning light filters into my bedroom. I look under my sheets and check myself. I always wake up sexually aroused and have to wait for the outward sign to go down before letting my parents see me. If they see me like this they’ll know my feelings are getting stronger.
Before my parents wake up I wash my underwear and sheets. Any trace of night fantasies can turn my life into a living hell.  Dad would be disappointed and Mom would be heartbroken. 
When my morning arousal recedes I go into the kitchen just in time to meet my parents. With no evidence of the night showing there’s no way for them to suspect anything. 
Mom smiles. “Good morning.”
“Morning,” I reply, sitting down. 
Dad pours coffee. “Sleep well?” 
“Yeah.”
“Any dreams?” He turns to face me and we lock eyes. 
“No.” I gulp. “What about you?”
“Not that I can recall.”
Mom breaks an egg. “What’s your plan for school today?”
“I’ll log into my class in the afternoon.”
Mom smirks and shakes her head. “I remember the days when you had to go to an actual place for school.”
“Progress,” says Dad. “As long as he learns and graduates.”
“Don’t forget about your flight lessons,” says Mom. “Only one more week till you graduate and get your pilot’s license.” 
“I know, I won’t forget.” I grab a water bottle and walk to the door, but then turn around. “I’m going to the beach to surf,” I say. I look at Mom. “I could use some tips and guidance.”
Her face changes.  She doesn't like me bringing up her surfing past. It bothers her for some reason. When she was sixteen she got a front cover feature on a major fashion magazine. These days she dresses plainly but it doesn’t hide her features. Her long dark hair, puffy lips, and blue eyes always set her apart from the other women in the neighborhood. Even at age forty one she stills looks twenty. 
“That life is behind me,” she says. “Find someone with experience who can help you.”
“Right,” I say. “It’s not like I haven’t tried.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” 
I don’t want to fight so I close the door quickly to avoid having to answer. Outside I’m always greeted by a nice view even on a bad day. Inactive volcanoes and tall palm trees overlook our home from a distance. My house is walking distance from the beach. 
When I walk on to the beach I’m excited to see the waves are perfect this morning. The sunrise paints the sky with different colors. I see vendors walking up and down the shore, selling cocaine, heroin, marijuana, and a variety of beer. 
Teenagers, fourteen and older, group together on towels and partake by snorting the powdery substances through straws. Others inject the heroin through needles under the watchful eye of police who ensure they don’t leave the needles on the ground. Another group from my school lights up their bongs. And on top of everything else, everyone is enjoying a cold beer on this hot day.
The vendors are worse than seagulls, descending on me the moment I make accidental eye contact with them. The stench of marijuana fills my nostrils as I run past the vendors, leaving them on the left side of the beach. The right side of the beach is the drug free zone where I see the community surfing group in the water already. There are only a few I know since the group grows with new people every week. Exclusive social groups are illegal in Eden. 
“Adam is here,” yells a girl on her board. 
“Everyone make way for Adam,” says a guy my age. “Just wouldn’t be the same without Adam,” he says, sneering at me with eyes like daggers. 
 “Shane is right,” I say. “No need to make a fuss.” 
The girl rolls her eyes. “There aren’t any social code police here.”
I mount my board and paddle toward the group. We paddle out as a wave approaches. Shane’s eyes look down on me with a dirty sneer as he moves ahead. He doesn’t like me and he wants me to know it. 
We ride the first wave. It’s six feet high and moving fast. The newbies are thrown off their boards, but the rest of us have no problem. 
“Did you hear what happened to Dean and Scott?” asks Shane. 
“From the east coast?” I ask.
A Polynesian girl punches the water. “What happened?” 
“They developed an exclusive friendship and starting sneaking around like deviants.”
My face gets hot. “What’s your point?”
“The law forbids exclusive relationships between two people. They broke the law and were arrested.” He raises his voice. “Do you have a problem with the law?”
“They weren’t hurting anybody,” I snap back. “They were just two people who loved geography.”
Shane grits his jaw. “They were hoarding knowledge and social companionship. Who does that? They have to be punished.”
“What do you think our group is?”
“Our group is open to the public and registered with Eden.”
Now my heart is pounding. I’m sweating; my muscles are tight. I want to hit this guy so bad. But there would be serious repercussions if I did.
“You wanna say something to me?” Shane retorts. “I dare you.”
This is it. I have to leave. I turn around and paddle back to shore. 
“There’s something wrong with this guy,” yells Shane. “I’m onto you Adam. Your parents can’t protect you from the law.”
Shane’s temper creates an awkward cloud over the group very quickly; a cloud so dark everyone leaves including Shane. I stay behind to be alone. There’s no law against solitude but I’m sure if Shane ever runs for Council he would have solitude outlawed. 
What happened to Dean and Scott keeps eating at my brain. Part of me is angry at those stupid laws but another part of me gets mad at Scott and Dean for being so careless. Why risk being caught? Why be so careless? 
It’s no secret that surveillance is everywhere ... public buildings, parks, and beaches. Even private homes have surveillance cameras inside them placed by the Council to monitor social behavior. But it doesn’t end there. There are two other key players far more deadly than surveillance, the Social code police and drones. Social code police monitor and take action toward unlawful behavior among citizens. They make arrests, sometimes going undercover in public to make sure people are following social codes. These police are armed and capable of wreaking havoc on unsuspecting citizens. 
Then there are drones; surveillance robots that hover above. People joke around and call them doughnuts.  That’s exactly what they look like, chocolate donuts; round dark shiny shapes with a hole in the middle. They record video, broadcast live feed, and have internal weapons, stun guns and bullets. 
When I was a child my Dad and I would watch shows that displayed drones in action. I’d watch as they’d chase a robber or deadly criminal down a street. I remember seeing a drone shoot a person in the head. Another time a person was stunned right in the butt. Since that day the sight of drones makes me cringe. 
Suddenly a commotion in the water snaps me out of my thoughts. Then I see something. A roaring beast of a wave. It’s a wave like a huge wall, gaining speed, and coming toward me. It's daring me to ride it. If only the others were here to see this. Wait. No. This is my wave. All mine. I click record on my camera that’s already set up on a tripod. Shane will throw a fit when he sees this. 
I get on my board and climb the beast that’s about to engulf me. It wraps around me so tight I can glide my hands across the curling water. The wave tightens but I’m almost out. Three seconds from the opening at the other end. Then my board flips over. Water shoots up my nose and into my lungs. The water tosses me around without mercy. The game has changed. The water is the player and I am the sport. Today the wave will toss a human boy around like a ball. All I see is a blur. Water whooshes in my ears; time freezes as I lose consciousness. 
Sand is beneath me when I open my eyes. I have no concept of time. I have no idea where I am and how long I’ve been here. 
“Can you hear me? Are you in pain?”
Blond curly hair and dark eyes loom over me. Then I see her face, flawless, young, and beautiful. My awe is suspended when I realize what’s happening. I’m attracted to this girl. 


Chapter Three
Panic hits me. What do I do? Do I get up and run? Can I even move? Am I paralyzed and crippled for life? Her eyes are big. She’s not smiling but neither is anyone else. They’re all serious. What’s wrong? I hear whispers about my spine. Pure speculations, but they make me feel sick nonetheless.
 She throws a blanket over my body and winks at me. She leans into my ear and quietly whispers, “They didn’t see anything.” 
Our eyes stay fixed on each other. Is she trying to help me or is she going to use this to blackmail me and my family. Nausea courses through my body. I feel sick. I could puke. So many things could go wrong. I could die today. But her eyes are comforting and seem to be trying to tell me something. They’re soft, kind, so beautiful. 
“Don’t move,” she says. “Paramedics are on their way.”
“Adam,” I say, still groggy. “I’m Adam.”
She smiles. So bright. Shining.
“Adam.” she says softly. “I’m Dana.”
“Dana.” The words are like candy to my lips. “Beautiful name.”
“Thank you.”
What I see next stops time. Am I seeing right? Am I hallucinating? Is she blushing? This doesn’t happen to anyone, except me … or does it? 
“The medics are here,” she says, holding my hands. Her breath smells of apples. “I’ll ride with you to the hospital.”
When we arrive at the hospital it doesn’t take the doctors long to determine that I’m okay. The only thing I suffered was a minor black out and a bruise on my head.
Dana locks the door after the nurse leaves. Standing over my bed, her eyes run up down my body and her hands caress my face. 
“I thought I was the only one. All these years I thought I was a diseased freak. Then I find you.”
My heart summersaults in my chest. You feel…”
I can’t say it. What if this is a trap? What if people are listening?”
She nods her head. “Love? Attraction? Yes I do.”
She takes my hands. Slides her fingers between my fingers and kisses me. Blood rushes through my head and body. My nerves explode like fireworks. I sit up and pull her closer to me, and continue to kiss her. I can taste apples. I pull my lips from hers, gasping, breathing heavy. My palms are sweaty. Her blond curls rub on my neck. 
“This feels so good,” I say. 
“I don’t wanna stop.” She leans in toward me but there’s a loud bang on the door. 
“Open the door!”
“Oh crap,” I say. “That’s my mom. My parents are here.”
Mom’s voice escalates. “It’s illegal to lock doors in public places. What’s going on? What are you doing to my son?”
Dana throws a pillow over my lower body and unlocks the door. Mom barges in. Her face contorts into a hysterical frenzy. Her eyes dance over Dana like a crazy tango. 
“Who are you?” she demands.
“She saved my life, Mom.” 
Dad glances at me and then back at Dana. That look. He knows. 
“You’re a hero Dana.” He shakes her hand. “You saved our son’s life.”
Mom’s face softens. A smile melts away her frown. Then to my surprise she shakes Dana’s hand. “We’re forever grateful.”
Good. Maybe they’ll forget about the locked door. Who am I kidding? Of course they won’t forget.
“I was just doing my job,” explains Dana. “I’m a lifeguard. Actually, today was my first day on the job.”
Dana does not blush. Her face is calm, her body composed, her voice unnerved. Dad turns to Mom. “Can you treat Dana to lunch while I talk with Adam?”
“Anything for my son’s hero,” says Mom. 
Dana looks back at me and smiles. “I’ll see you later.”
“Don’t be gone too long,” I reply. 
She and Mom leave. And then it’s just Dad and me. It feels like the air is being sucked out of the room as Dad walks over, hands in his pockets, his face stern. 
“Don’t be gone too long?”
“I was just being friendly.”
“What’s going on between you and this girl?” 
“Dad … I …”
“What did you do?” He raises his voice. I never heard Dad yell before. Never heard him sound like this. 
“We kissed.” My voice cracks as my throat tightens.  “And we liked it. A lot! And I don’t care who knows!”
Dad covers his mouth, takes a deep breath, and sits down. His head bows down as he rubs his head with his fingers. For a moment I think I hear him cry. 
“Adam, there are security cameras here.”
“Dad,” my voice keeps shaking, “I haven’t been fighting my urges. Not since that day at the park.”
“I had a feeling,” he sighs. “I knew this day would come. I knew I should have sent that girl away.”
“Wait what? You knew about Dana? And you didn’t tell me?”
Dad jumps from his seat and yanks the pillow off my lower body.
“Because of this!” He grabs my shoulders and shakes me. “This is wrong!”
“I can’t control this, Dad. It’s as natural to me as breathing air.”
“Son, please stop.” He puts his hands up. “The Council will have you killed for this.”
Pacing back and forth, his face is red, and he’s sweating. I can see in his eyes that he’s trying to hold back tears.
“I have access to the surveillance system. I’ll find the footage of you and Dana and delete it. Hopefully I can make it look like a technical malfunction.”
He opens the door slightly and peeks outside. “The Bonding Ceremony is tonight. Did you forget about that while you behaving like a deviant?”
“My voice chokes. “No I didn’t forget.”
Dad squeezes my arm. “Forget about this girl.”
I don’t answer. How can I? I don’t want to forget about Dana. I refuse to forget about her. I can’t! The Bonding Ceremony can go to hell. 
“Adam!” Dad yells at me to bring me out of my thoughts.
“Okay. I’ll do it.”
Dad discharges me from the hospital and takes us out to eat before we go home. I spend the rest of the day in my bedroom. I fix my tie in the mirror and make sure my wedding tux is flawless. The girls will all be wearing white dresses. The guys will be wearing all white tuxes. 
At noon we board a plane to Honolulu. The Bonding Ceremony aside, I’m excited just to be going there. I love the energy there - the buildings, the traffic, the lights at night, the amount of people and life. The fact that it’s on a different island away from people I know sounds really good to me right now.
When we arrive the day is filled with mingling. I chat with other guys about the ceremony. What are they so happy about? Besides the scientific crap behind it, why do they call it the bond? What seals partners together? There’s no love, no attraction, no sexual desire. I want to shout, even maybe hit someone. Maybe punch one of the council members or even my own dad. Who the hell are they to call me broken, damaged, sick, a sexual deviant? 
A few steps from me I see Christopher, a member of the council. He nods at me then walks away. He’s congratulating the children of other council members, but not me. Does he know what Dana and I did? Would he be ashamed to be seen with me? A deviant, son of a council member. 
“Hello? Hello?” A council member taps the microphone. “Everyone take a seat.”
“For those of you familiar with The Bonding Ceremony, you know that we always tell the story of how our society was born.” He hands a book back to another council member. “I know this story by heart. I think we all should.” He stares forward with cold eyes. For one small second I feel like his eyes are drilling me. But I think he’s just staring down at the crowd. 
“Centuries ago the world suffered a catastrophic war. Seventy percent of the world was destroyed. The Pacific Ocean, however, was untouched. Our ancestors started a new life here on the islands of Hawaii to escape the chains of human corruption.” 
Human corruption? I curl my lip. What a bunch of lies. My hands tighten into a fist. I don’t care if anyone sees the malice on my face. 
“We created the Bonding Ceremony to prevent people from choosing spouses based on looks, body type, genetics, career, and anything else superficial. There was a time in history when people attempted to create an elite class of humans. If anyone wasn't good looking enough, beautiful, or physically perfect, they were cast aside. But our founders wanted a world without social cliques and elite groups. Every human being would have a life partner. Friendship and companionship would be shared by all, not hoarded between selfish deviants.”
Deviants. Deviants. Deviants. The word keeps pounding in my head. Were Scott and Derek deviants? Are Dana and I deviants? 
“This is why we use science to alter our genetic code. For centuries we have weeded out sexual desire and superficial attraction from our genetic code. It’s truly a gift to humanity.”
He stacks a pile of cards and grins. “I’m going to call male names alphabetically.”
“Aaron Bowes.”
I watch the boy as he approaches the stage. The wind blows his dark wavy hair as the sun dips down below the water and purple is splashed on the sky. 
“Jill Johnson,” the council member calls. 
A girl joins the boy on stage. Staring at each other they smile. Not because they’re in love, but because they truly believe this moment is special, because people in power have told them so. 
“Please join hands,” says the council member. “It is with great honor that I pronounce you spouses under the authority of the council. You may hug each other. This is your gift of partnership. You may not share this with anyone else.”
He calls more names. Then he calls a boy called Ben. Wait? Did he forget me?
“Dad, he forgot my name.”
“I know.”
“You know?”
He keeps looking forward, never facing me. “They’re not going to call you.”
“What are you talking about?”
He doesn't answer me.
“Dad!”
He turns around and faces me, putting his hands on my shoulders. “They know.”

Chapter Four
If the bones in my legs could collapse, they would right now. I feel sick. Nauseous.  I grip my stomach. Will I throw up here in the open and embarrass myself further? On all days? The Council will probably see it as me mocking their ceremony. Good. I don’t care. 
“I thought you deleted the video footage,” I say, my voice trembling. “Didn’t you?”
“I was too late. Someone was watching and reported it.”
My head spins. “Where’s Dana?”
“She’s with the other girls. They’re not calling her either.” Dad’s voice is flat, completely without emotion.
“What’s going to happen to us?”
“I don’t know. That’s up to the Council to decide.”
I step back and brush Dad’s hand off my shoulder. “You don’t care what happens to me!”
“Don’t say that.” His eyebrows furrow. “That’s not true.”
“You’re so brainwashed by the Council that their laws override your feelings for your own son. Or maybe … you are incapable of any feelings at all. Like everyone else.”
“You’re overreacting. I care about you. I want what’s best for you. Isn’t that caring?”
My lips tighten. No more talking. I’m just digging a hole for myself. The man and woman who raised me might be on the side of the Council. Then it becomes so clear that I’m different. Dana is different. This is genetic. Something must have happened when we were created in the labs. They didn’t modify our genetic code correctly. I must find out who created us. 
“Why am I even here?” I ask. “What’s the purpose? Are you turning me in to the authorities?” 
“No! Of course not,” Dad squeezes my shoulders. “They’re going to help you.”
“Help me?” No. Don’t argue. Go along with it. “What about Dana? What happens to her?”
“She’s going to get help too. Her father is the Minister of Agriculture. He’s willing to do whatever it takes to help her and so am I.”
I pull back. “Are we getting special treatment because of our parents? Doesn’t that go against the whole point of our society?”
“Everyone has equal opportunities to better themselves.”
“I wish I could believe that.”
His face sinks. “You know better than to think that.”
“Does anyone else know? Are they going to publicly shame Dana and I?”
“No. They have no desire to do that as long as you are willing to work with them.”
“As long as I work with them? But if I don’t, they’ll make me pay for it?”
“Think about your future.” Dad takes me away from the crowd to an empty table. “No matter how bad you want a relationship with that girl you’ll never have it. The Council will kill you both. Do you understand? People will want to kill you too if they find out about you and Dana.”
“I’m starting to believe there are worse fates than death.”
Dad’s eyes grow big. “This sexual drive has corrupted you deeper than I could imagine.”
My voice gets bold. “I like it. I feel human.”
Dad jolts up and pounds the table. “Risk your life if you want. Your mother and I will try to help you but we won’t suffer because of your deviance.”
“Dad, am I really the deviant one?”
He walks away leaving me alone. That’s when I see Dana with her father. I wonder where her Mom is. I want to say something to her but I know her father won’t allow it if he knows what’s going on. 
I’m about to walk away when two Law Keepers surround them. They hurry them into a black vehicle then drive away. My pulse races. Where are they taking them? I try to run to find Dad when a Law Keeper steps in front of me. But this isn’t any Law Keeper. It’s Shane’s Dad. 
“Well, well.” He sports a wide grin, revealing perfect white teeth. “Adam. Son of council member, Cordell. Never thought I’d give you a ride.”
“What are the charges against me?”
“The Council has requested that you be transferred to the Department of Mental Health.”
“On what grounds?” I make a fist. I’d’ like nothing more than to break his face, then his son’s. 
“The Council doesn’t need any.” He reaches for my arm. “Let’s go.”
“No.” I walk past him.
“You don’t want to do that, boy.”
There’s a click. I turn around and see a tranquilizer gun in his hand.
“Where’s my Dad?”
“He’s in the car waiting for you.”
I step back. “I’m not going anywhere.”
A dart hits my chest and I black out. When I open my eyes an hour later I have no memory of what happened. Cold metal presses into my wrist and ankles. I can’t move. White walls surround me. A lamp hangs over me. Where am I? Wait. Didn’t Shane’s Dad say something to me before I blacked out? He said something about the Department of Mental Health. 
The door opens. A woman walks in. Short blond hair. Dark eyes. She looks like an older version of Dana.  “My name is Jill.”
I roll my eyes. “I know who you are. You’re the Vice Chief Scientist on the council. Are you here to cure me of my deviance?”
“Yes. And I appreciate your honesty about your condition.”  
“And what’s my condition?”
“Unnatural emotions.”
“You mean illegal? According to history they were natural until you guys decided to play God and alter humanity.”
“How long have you had these feelings, Adam?”
“Since the day people tried to kill me over a kiss.” 
“You remember that day?”
“Clearly.”
She rolls a table beside me and sets down a projector. As she turns it on she gives me a look … a look like she’s about to do something spiteful. 
“Play video file, incident one.” Her voice is commanding and powerful.
The holographic video floats in the air. It’s me at thirteen years old. 
“This footage was taken the day you kissed a girl at a public park.” She smirks. “It’s weird watching a memory, isn’t it?”
I watch myself on the video. I lean over and kiss the girl. People run over and yelling erupts.
“You recognize the father of the girl you kissed?”
“No? Why?”
She zooms onto the man’s face. “Now?”
I can hardly catch my breath. “That’s Dana’s father.” Chills run down my arms. “Dana was the girl I kissed?”
“Correct. It was bound to happen considering both of you live on the same island. The only reason why she wasn’t relocated was because her father is the Chief of Agriculture on the Council.”
“I didn’t know he had a daughter.”
“Why would he want anyone to know? He must be so ashamed of his deviant daughter.”
I stare her down. This witch. Her words make my blood boil. I know why I’m here. I’m nothing more than a lab rat to her. 
“Where’s Dana?”
“In this building.”
“And it’s not the Department of Mental Health?”
“No. You’re in the building for The Department of Science and Technology.”
She unlocks the straps on my wrist and ankles. “Follow me.”
“Where are we going?”
“To see Dana.”
I stand up but keep my distance. “Why would you allow that?”
She opens the door. “In order to fully understand your condition we need to get inside your heads and see what happens when you two are around each other.”
We walk down a hallway. There are doors everywhere. Her heels click on the floor. She walks forward with military precision. 
“This is about genetics,” I comment. “How are you going to fix that?”
“We can’t. So we have to find other ways. “
We walk into a control room. There are people sitting in front of computers; holograms seemingly floating in the air; and more people running back and forth with computer tablets and folders. Then I see Dana behind a glass wall. I run to her. Our hands press on the glass. 
“Are you okay?” I mouth the words. “Did they hurt you?”
Her voice is mute. She’s trying to tell me something. Her eyes are screaming at me. She’s telling me to run. 
“Let me inside,” I say.
Jill nods at a security guard. “Open the door.”
I run inside and it seals shut behind me. Dana throws her arms around my neck. Her head pushes on my chest. “Are you okay?”
“Am I okay?”
We both laugh. Dana’s black hat is flipped backwards on her head. She’s wearing jeans and a tank top. 
“These guys have been monitoring me all day. I think they’re going to study us.”
I look over at everyone watching us. Jill stands there with her arms folded, talking with a scientist and points at us.
“Let’s give them something to study.”
I pull her toward me and kiss her. Our hands grasp each other’s face. For a moment I forget about everything else. I forget about the fact that we might die, that everyone hates us. We look at the glass and see everyone staring. Disgust paints their faces like they’re going to throw up. Everyone except Jill. She looks so interested and intrigued. Then she nods to a security guard. 
A blood curdling screech bursts into the room. I fall to the ground and Dana falls in front of me. Every part of us shakes.
“Your eyes,” she says. She wipes them and shows bloody fingers.
I help her up, our legs and arms trembling. My ears ring and my heart is in overdrive. I look over and see Jill and the staff laughing. They’re so hysterical they’re holding their stomachs.
“What the hell was that for!” Dana yells. “Are you sick in the head?”
“They can’t do this to us,” I say, still wiping blood from my eyes. “The Articles of Human Rights forbid torture.”
“I don’t think that’s going to help us.” She throws her hat at the glass. “You all are sick!”
The screech returns. This time I pass out. When I wake up I see Dana on the floor and I try to get to her. My head smacks into an invisible force. I hear a crack and know my nose is broken. A smudge of blood reveals a glass wall between us. 
A med tech comes in and gives Dana a shot. She wakes up, gasping. The med tech runs out and reports back to Jill. 
Dana stands up and I put my hand up for her stop, mouthing the word “wall” over and over. She nods and slowly puts her hands on the glass wall dividing us. 
I swallow a hard thump in my throat and try to hide any distress. My eyes are moist but I keep wiping them. Despite blood from her nose and eyes Dana smiles and says, “I love you.” 
I can’t actually hear her but it comforts me. I say it back. She’s shaking. I can tell she’s in pain. 
Then her face contorts. Her teeth gnash as her hands cover her ears. Her body falls to the floor in a violent seizure. Blood trickles from her ears.
“Stop it!” I yell, pounding the wall. “You’re killing her!” 
I run to the glass and scream at Jill. “Kill me instead. Just leave her alone. Please!”
A flash of light swallows the room followed instantly with the screech. As I crumble to the floor, my muscles weaken and my eyes roll to the back of my skull. I can smell blood, then nothing. I black out again. 

Chapter Five
The floor is cold and hard. I’m in a very small bathroom. A stench fills my nostrils. Something is wrong with this room. And it’s not because of the smell, the dirty walls, or the cruddy mirror. This bathroom has no door. Panic grips my chest as my mind races. How is there no door? How did I get here? 
My hands pound the wall. “Hello! Can anyone hear me?”
No reply. Windows. I need to find windows. I open the glass sliding door of the shower and find one small window that is big enough to fit my body through. My fingers grip it firmly but it’s locked. My head swims. Don’t panic I tell myself. Panicking will prevent you from making rational decisions. I reach for a shampoo bottle and bang it on the window glass. Nothing happens, not even a crack. This time I use my fist but instead of breaking the glass I nearly break my hand. What do I do? For a moment I just stand there and do nothing. My heart continues to race and my breathing is becoming faster. I check out the towels. Those dirty towels. The towel rack! I rip it off the wall and hurl it into the window, shattering the glass. I crawl through and fall on a floor. Jill’s face is the first thing I see when I look up. 
She pats my back. “Nice work.”
“Is there a point to all this?”
“We’re testing your emotional and psychological responses.”
“Or maybe you’re just torturing us?”
“Maybe that too.” She leans down and pushes her face into mine. Her breath bounces on my face, reeking of garlic. “You’re girlfriend friend begged me for mercy. She sobbed so hard her eyes bled.”
My limbs are too sore to move so I send a ball of spit into her face. Jill’s face shifts into a wild frenzy. Her fist and razor sharp fingernails crash into my face. Throbbing and stinging join together like a fire on my cheeks. Black dots dance in front of me. Air can hardly flow through my nose. It’s definitely broken. 
Vomit pours from my mouth and nose like a flash flood. I can hardly stay awake. Sleep beckons me but Dana’s face in my mind keeps driving me to stay awake. 
A jolt strikes me in my ribcage. It’s Jill’s foot. Air billows from my lung. Hysterical laughter fills the room. Another foot crashes into my face this time. There’s a loud crack. A strong hand rolls me over. It’s Shane. Why are they letting him in here? Why is he even here? He holds a Taser stick and winks at me. Jill and her staff have the same devices. At that moment the sticks come crashing onto me. A current of electricity swims through my body. Each time I twist and turn agonizing pain radiates through my rib cage.
I hear screams. I turn my head and see Dana being held by two guards, forcing her to watch.  Tears flood her face. 
“Stop it!” she screams. “Please, stop!”
The guard on the left yanks her hair and swings it around like jump rope. The other one punches her in the face and then in her stomach. She falls down and vomits a puddle of blood. 
My heart goes into a spasm as my limbs go numb. The last thing I hear is that wretched woman’s voice. Her voice is like glass in my ears. 
“He’s going into cardiac arrest. Get him to the ER.”
I’m starting to lose track of how many times I’ve lost consciousness. Memories are crumbling apart. I can barely recall why I’m even here, where I am, or what’s been happening. All I know is that my body hurts. I’m sore everywhere. Then I see two familiar faces looking down at me…Mom and Dad. 
“Adam,” says Mom, softly and quietly. 
“Mom?”
 She hugs me gently and kisses my head. She holds my face and looks me in the eyes. I know that she’s upset but she’s hiding it really well.
“I’m sorry about all of this,” I say. “I never meant for anyone to get hurt.”
“It's okay. All you need to do is rest up.”
Dad stands there with a sour expression on his face, his arms folded, not even looking at me. “Is all this worth it? For her? For lust? Is it worth a broken jaw and ribs and legs?”
“Stop it,” Mom says.
“No.” Dad leans over the bed. “He needs to know what’s going to happen if he doesn’t change.”
“What do you mean?”
Mom’s face struggles. She wants to cry but she’s holding back. She’s strong. But Dad’s words bring horror into her eyes. What is it? 
“What do you mean?” I ask. “What will help happen to me and Dana?”
“Adam,” Mom starts, but then she finally breaks down. “They will kill you. They will drag both of you in public and stone you in the streets.” She covers her face and sobs.
“Did you think they’d let this go?” asks Dad. “They’re not going to let people know how someone like you and Dana managed to be born with these deviant emotions. It's an embarrassment and, far worse, it will cause panic and disorder.”
“Maybe we need disorder. Maybe the whole system needs to be picked apart and put back together piece by piece.”
Dad runs his hands over his face. His fingers comb through his hair. When his hands leave his face I see tears. “Oh son, can you hear yourself? Can you hear the words that are coming out of your mouth?”
“Are you hearing them?” I ask. “Better yet, are you understanding me?”
“I do. And that’s what scares me.”
Mom taps Dad’s arm and points to the door. “Let me have a moment with him, please.”
Dad listens and leaves the room, looking back at me one time before closing the door. He knows I’m going to die and he wants to see my face one last time. 
To my surprise Mom locks the door, then reaches into her pocket. I can’t believe my eyes. 
“What are you doing with a surveillance blocker, Mom?”
“Not so loud,” she says, putting a finger to her lips. “There’s something I need you to hear.” 
“Something is wrong,” I say. “I can see it on your face.”
“Yes, you’re right. Something is wrong. Something is wrong with our entire society.” 
She notices the shock on my face. My mom, the law abiding woman, is speaking against our way of life.
“What I’m about to tell you, I won’t be able to speak ever again. Do you understand?”
I nod. 
“I remember when I turned sixteen on the day of The Bonding Ceremony. Most girls were excited and happy. All of them were thinking about the boys they’d be bonded with. I was the exception. I had a boy on my mind. I’d been seeing him for over a year. And he wasn’t your father.” 
Chills create little bumps on my arms. I can’t believe this. No. This can’t be. Not my Mom. She would never do something like this. How could she? Unless….
“Mom,” are you…”
“Yes,” she says, nodding. “I’m deviant.”


Chapter Six
 “His name was Max. He came from a family of farmers. His parents were so nice.”
I scoot myself up. “What happened to him?”
“Your grandfather found out what was going on. He threatened to have him put in prison but I told him I wouldn’t see Max anymore.”
“But you lied…didn’t you?”
She nods. “I saw him right after that. It was the day before The Bonding Ceremony.”
She sucks in a deep breath, trying not to cry, and moves closer to me. “We were intimate that night and I got pregnant.”
My mind races. “What happened to the baby?”
“He was born. My father found out eventually. He was on the Council at the time. So he fabricated a medical document that said I had a limited time for egg production. So the Council approved an early embryo implantation.”
“So where is he now? Did you give him away?”
“No. I raised him.”
My tongue stiffens. “I’m the baby?”
“Yes.”
“That’s why I can feel physical attraction?”
“That’s part of it. For the past thirty years the Council has suspected people have been placing what they call faulty embryos in women. Embryos that aren’t genetically modified.”
“That would explain Dana right?”
“Yes. It’s the reason why her mother committed suicide. She threw herself off a cliff.”
“She never told me that.”
“Of course. It probably hurts her too much to talk about it.” Mom smiles. “You have your father’s eyes.”
“What happened to him?”
“He was partnered with a girl. He studied political science and became the youngest person to be on the Council. Then he disappeared.” 
“That was Dad? The missing council man I learned about in history class?”
“That’s him.”
“Do you know what happened to him?”
“No. He never said goodbye to me in person. Before he vanished he tried to draft a bill that would reinstate natural procreation and physical attraction. Then he suggested that people should be able to choose their life partners. The Council and the public were outraged of course. They called him a deviant. I think they were going to kill him. That’s why he had to leave.”
My chest swells. “He didn’t care what happened to me?”
Her eyes get big. “He thought about you every single day. Believe me when I say that.”
“He had a bond with someone else. Did he raise a child of his own? I doubt he had time to think of me.”
“He didn’t want a child for that very reason. Let alone raise one that wasn’t his.”
“But you can’t refuse having a child.”
“True. But my father used his influence to assign your father a partner who was incapable of giving birth.”
There’s a knock on the door. Mom hides the surveillance device and lets Dad inside. His eyes burn with suspicion, bouncing back and forth between Mom and me.
“Why was this door locked?” he snaps.
“Adam had something private to tell me.”
Dad settles his gaze on me. “You’re coming home.”
“What about Dana?”
“Her, too.”
The flight home is short but I use it to learn more information about my real father from Mom. 
“He was magnetic, charismatic, and incredibly good looking. Everyone loved him.”
“How did you two meet?
“We met through a surfing group.”
My brain goes into overload. “What did he look like?”
“Just like you. Black hair, dark coffee eyes, and tall.”
“You can perceive beauty too?”
“Yes. It’s something I’ve had to hide all my life.”
“There must be photos and video of him if he was a council member.”
“Better than that. I have home videos of us on a device hidden away in the house.”
“Can you show me?” I quickly lower my voice. “Please?”
“When your father is asleep.”
I look over at the man I’ve been calling father all my life. He’s asleep. I wonder what’s going through his mind. Is it about me? Mom? All of us?
“Do you think he cares about me? Actually, is he capable of caring at all?”
“Of course. He shows it the best way he can. They didn’t take away parental instincts from us. He loves you so much. He’s afraid he’s going to lose you.”
Mom takes my hand. “I won’t let them hurt you again.”
“What am I supposed to do?”
“We’ll figure it out together.”
“I don’t want Dana to die. And I don’t want you and Dad to suffer because of me.”
“Dad and I can take care of ourselves. Don’t worry about us.”
The plane lands half an hour later. The sight of my house makes me feel happier than I’ve ever been in my life. My bed is the first thing I go to.  When I wake up and look in the mirror over my dresser it looks like all my bruises have vanished. My nose, jaw, and cheek bones have been mended by stem cells given to me by the hospital. 
Thoughts about my real father keep running through my mind. Where is he? Is he still alive? Is he dead? Where could he have gone? The islands are small. 
I hear a knock and the door opens. Mom peeks in. “Can I come in?”
“Sure.”
She sets a hologram device on the bed. “I’ve kept this secret from your father for years. Now I’m sure you’re aware that keeping secrets from your life partner is illegal but I’ve always made an exception for this.”
I mockingly gasp. “Mom, you’re a law breaker.”
“Laws are made to be broken,” she says with a wink.
A video floats in the air. My Mom as a sixteen year old Mom and a boy the same age. He’s hugs and kisses her.
“I love this crazy surfer chick,” he says. He looks straight at the camera like he’s looking right at me. “Adam, my son, I love you so much, even though I’ve never seen you. You’ll have a lot of questions growing up and I assume you feel real human emotions and desires. Don’t let Eden make you feel guilty for it.”
Another video starts. He shows a stack of books. “I’ve been reading history books in the Honolulu Government Archives. The Council has been hiding history books from the public since our society’s beginnings. The public history books say that war destroyed seventy percent of Earth.” His face brightens. “But according to these texts one place, amazingly survived the war. It's a country and continent called Australia. There’s no proof of civilization but the only way to find out for sure is to go there and find out for myself.” 
The video ends. 
“I’m sorry for lying,” says Mom. “I was afraid if you knew your real father was out there you’d follow in his footsteps and go searching…and never come back.”
“What if he was right? What if that place, Australia, survived the war? A place where you can love and live like a real human being?”
She tucks the hologram device into her pocket and sighs. “How would you find these places?”
“A plane?”
She smiles. “How would you get one? And if you did, how would you get fuel for it? What if you get stranded with no means to survive?”
“I don’t know. But isn’t it worth a try?”
She places a hologram device in my hand. “I made you a copy. It’s my gift to you.”
I’m up the rest of the night watching my father’s home videos and journal logs. He talks about places I’ve never heard about. Africa, Europe, North and South America, Russia, and the Middle East. He talks about something called countries. There’s two he wants to see. Australia and Iceland. Opposites. One hot and one cold. But Dad wants to see them both. 
“I don’t care if these places are wastelands,” he says. “I want the thrill of seeing them in person. I want my feet to dig into the ground of these places. I want to die knowing I saw the world.”
I keep watching but my eyes keep falling shut, so I go to bed. My head touches the pillow when something taps my window. My body jolts. My feet hit the floor. It’s Dana. 
















Chapter Seven
Dana and I walk to the beach. We don’t hold hands or touch at all. Neither of us has spoken a word to the other. 
She stands there with crossed arms. Her blond curls blow in the wind. 
“I don’t want to see you get hurt,” I tell her. “The next time they detain us we’ll probably be killed.” 
She shrugs her shoulders. “Would dying be so bad?” She faces me. “What’s the point of living if you can’t be with the one you love?”
“There’s so much. Think about your father. He needs you.”
Her face hardens. “He blames me for my mother’s death.”
“I heard about that. I’m sorry. You know, they told me you were the girl I kissed when I was a boy. 
“They told me too.”
Something inside me gets bold. I run my fingers through her hair and kiss her. Her face is worried because of surveillance.
“I don’t care who sees,” I say.
“I want them to watch.”
My heart pounds like it always does when I’m around her. My knees shake. I wonder if she notices.
“I want to show you something.” I take out the hologram device Mom gave me. I explain to her about my biological father, my mother, and my father’s videos for her. Somehow I feel I’m giving her false hope but I need to share this with someone else. I need to share this newly discovered part of my life, this information that could change everything. But I won’t tell her that. Not right now. 
“Can you imagine seeing the whole world,” says Dana. “What if there’s life in Australia?”
“What if there’s not?”
“Isn’t it worth a try? What else is there? We just accept our fates and live like everyone else?”
“What are we supposed to do?”
“Get a plane. Pack lots of food and water.” She shrugs. “Embrace the adventure.”
“What about our families?”
She pauses. Her eyes stare back out into the ocean. “Maybe we can start our own family.”
“If my parents could do it so can we.”
“A chance to do what?” a voice barks behind us. 
Whirling around we see Shane standing there with his group of thugs. My heart bounces into my throat. 
“Haven’t you made enough trouble for yourselves?” he hisses. 
“Get out of here.” I get in his face so close I can feel his hot breath. “Leave before this turns bad.”
“Your father can’t help you out here.” Then his eyes turn to Dana. “You and I were going to be bonded. You were supposed to be mine. I’ll live the rest of my life without a partner. Do you have any idea what the two of you have done?”
“You need to let it go,” I say. “There’s a better way of living than this.”
“Maybe I’ll just kill you, Adam. Then Dana will have no choice but to be bonded to me.”
Dana comes to my side. “Have you forgotten about surveillance? If you jump us like cowards the authorities will know.”
He cackles. “We won’t be arrested for punishing deviants.” 
“Says the guy trying to hurt two innocent people,” says Dana. “You don’t think your behavior is deviant? Hunting down people like a predator?”
The guys circle around us like wolves priming for a kill. 
“Should we break the whore’s legs first?” says Shane. “Or her pretty face?”
I cling to Dana. “Touch her and I’ll kill every single one of you.”
“I’m so scared,” he scoffs. 
“Let’s start with him,” says a red headed guy. “We can tie up his limbs and tear him apart right in front of her.”
“Stay behind me,” says Dana.
“I’ve got this.”
“Do it! Now,” she snaps.
I listen as she moves in front of me. 
“The slut is protecting her man,” says a tattoo covered boy. “That’s precious.”
Dana’s leg swings upward and into the faces of two guys in front of her. She whirls around and slams her foot into Shane’s face, then kicks his chest.
He falls to the ground and vomits. Tears drip down his cheeks. He retreats into a fetal position and moans in pain.
The tattoo boy comes after Dana but she’s fast. She pulls a knife and hurls it into his eye. Blood squirts out like a high pressure sprinkler. The other guys throw their hands up and run off. Dana grabs my hand and we run, the tattoo boy’s screams and the sound of wind whooshing fills my ears. We don’t stop running until we reach a cliff.
“Did you just do that?” I ask, breathlessly.
“Save our lives?” She raises a brow.
“You stabbed that guy in the eye.”
“He had it coming.”
“Where did you learn to fight like that?”
“I’ve been training in martial arts and boxing since I was ten. This is the first time I’ve had the chance to put anything to use.”
Light beams shine down and scramble around until they settle on Dana and me. 
“Drones,” I say. “We need to run. Come on.”
“No.” She pulls me to the edge of the cliff. “Jump with me.”
“Are you crazy?”
“Do you want to get shot or stunned?”
“Attention,” says the drone. “Adam and Dana, stay where you are. You are involved in a domestic incident. The authorities are on their way.”
“We need to jump,” yells Dana. “Just do it.”
My feet disobey my brain and move. We both jump at the same time and I feel air beneath my feet. Then my body hits the water, air escapes from my nose and blows bubbles upward. All I hear are the bubbles from my nose and the crashing waves from my impact on the water. It’s black, nothing but darkness. I can’t see Dana until I come up to the surface. We meet at the same time. 
“This is crazy,” I yell. “And I think the drones are still watching us.”
“They’re the least of our worries.”
“What do you mean?”
“Sharks.” She laughs. 
“What’s so funny about that?”
“The look on your face.”
She kisses me and wraps her arms around my neck. She’s so beautiful, so alive as a human being. How could I walk away from her? Aside from Mom, Dana is the only person that can make me feel so alive. 
We swim to shore and lay on the sand. Dana looks down at me, her hair dangling on my face. I know what she’s thinking. What she wants to do. 
 “What’s wrong?” she asks. “Are you alright? You look worried.” 
“If we become intimate a new life will be created. And that life will be born into a society that will reject it.”
She nods her head and lets out a deep breath. “We might not get the chance to do this again.”
“We will. I promise. I have a plan. It’s like you said. It’s worth trying to discover what’s out there in the world.”
Her face glows. “I have to believe there’s a chance for us.”
She rests her head on my chest and we just lay there. The sound of the ocean beckons us to fall asleep but I keep fighting it. It’s a losing battle and I drift off to sleep. Dreams of finding other places and people fill my head all night long. 
Then I hear the alarm on my watch. I wake up feeling that I’m next to Dana. Last night felt like a dream. The sun starts to rise over the ocean. People will be here soon.
“Dana, it’s morning.”
Her eyes slowly open, arms stretching. Then she realizes it’s morning. 
“Did anyone see us?”
“No. But people will be here soon.”
“We should get out of here then. I’ll come back tonight.” She kisses me. “Be safe.”
“You too.”
On the way home the fight between Dana and the thugs replays in my head. The more I think about it the more I realize how careless we were last night.
I get home and try to open my bedroom window. It’s locked. My stomach does somersaults. Slowly, I walk to the front of the house and use the front door. My feet stop in the doorway. 
Jill, Shane, and his father are in my living room. 
“Adam,” says Jill. “Please, sit down.”



Chapter Eight
Dad’s eyes burn like they’re on fire. His glare shoots fire balls at me. Inside I imagine he’s yelling at me, saying, how could you do this to us? Embarrass us like this? Shane smirks at me. Something inside me snaps. I lunge toward Shane and swing my fist at him.
“I’ll kill you!”
“Adam,” yells Dad. He drags me by the back of my shirt and pulls me away from Shane. “Sit down!” His voice thunders. It even puts a chill in Shane’s father.
“He was there with Jill,” I yell. “When I was being beaten to death. He was one of them.”
“Stop talking,” says Dad. “It won’t do any good.”
“Are you serious? You’re going to ignore that?”
He doesn’t answer me.
“Still hyped about last night?” asks Jill. “It was very eventful. Care to share it with us?”
“I have a feeling you already know the details.”
Her face morphs into a sneer and her voice hardens. “We want to hear it from you.”
I turn my head to Shane. “We were attacked by thugs. End of story.”
“Tell that to Kevin’s eye,” says Shane. 
“Shut up you idiot,” says his Dad. 
“But…”
“Now.”
He rolls his eyes, sighs, and sits down on our recliner chair. After he leaves I want to throw it away or burn it. Shane’s very presence in my house makes me sick.  Just knowing that he sat on the chair makes me angry. 
“No one is under arrest,” says Jill. “So everyone can calm down and take a breath.”
“Where’s my mom?’ I ask.
Jill raises her eyebrows and forces an empathetic face. “She’s cooking a meal for that boy your lover maimed and blinded.” 
“We were protecting ourselves. They were going to kill us.”
“Deviants,” Shane shouts.
“Cowards!” I spit on the floor.
Dad’s hand crashes into my cheek. “Have some common sense.” His red face flushes with sweat. I can see that he’s raging inside. 
“You can’t blame yourself Cordell,” says Jill. “Sometimes children go down a corrupt path no matter how well the parent raises them.”
Shane cackles. “What do you know about children lady? You never had kids because you can’t. You’re a childless hag.” He bursts into laughter so hard he holds his stomach. Jill mocks a smile, gets her face in front of Shane, and runs her fingernail down his cheek. 
“Open your mouth again and I’ll personally find a pair of pliers and rip your tongue from the back of your throat myself. Am I clear?”
He nods, his eyes get larger, and he gulps. 
“Cordell, you know about Eden’s beginnings,” she says, standing up. “We once had laws regarding disrespectful children but they were abolished because of human rights.” 
Dad says nothing. He looks everywhere but avoids eye contact with me. 
“So many disobedient and rude children. A common problem throughout history. Perhaps one day we should get the council together, find stones, and have a rock concert.” She breaks into a laugh. “Can you imagine stones the size of a baseball getting thrown at you?”
Mom walks into the living room, pulls gloves off her hands, and puts her hand on my shoulder. 
“I made a full meal for Kevin and his parents.” Her voice is unnerved by Jill’s presence. “I’ll personally bring it to them.”
“How sweet of you.” Jill’s lips pucker like she’s bitten into a lemon. “It’s good to know you’re giving these days instead of taking things that don’t belong to you.”
Mom steps in front of me. “Leave the past alone.”
Jill turns to Dad. “She keeps secrets from you. It’s no surprise your son turned into a deviant. His sickness is a symptom of his upbringing.”
Mom sighs. “What’s the point of this visit?”
“The Council is willing to give your son and Dana a second chance.” She shifts her gaze to me. “Keep that in mind the next time you want to flaunt your deviance in public.”
“Bite me lady.”
“Adam,” says Mom, shaking her head. “Not now.”
“Maybe Shane should get a warning about starting fights and trying to kill people,” I say, looking Jill directly in the eyes. “Or does the Council like thugs doing the dirty work for them?”
“Certainly you can understand why they were upset,” says Jill. “To witness such disturbing behavior is psychologically scarring.” 
“Lies” I yell. “We weren’t hurting anybody.”
Jill’s face turns red. “That’s what your mother said when she got pregnant by my life partner.”
Silence swallows the room. Dad faces Mom, his mouth drops open, his eyes burn, as if asking if Jill’s words are true. 
“Alana?” he says, in a whisper. 
Mom almost cries but holds in the tears. Good. I don’t want Jill to have the satisfaction. 
“It was before The Bonding Ceremony,” she says, calmly. “You remember Max?”
“Yes,” he says coldly. “What about him?”
“We were intimate and romantically involved. He got me pregnant but my father was able to make it look like I got an early pregnancy ordered.”
Devastation rocks his face. “You’re a deviant.”
“Don’t say that.”
“Just like our son. That’s why he’s one too.”
Mom pulls me toward her. “Don’t talk like that.”
“I know why Jill is doing this,” I say to Mom. “She’s jealous because you gave Max the one thing she could never offer him. A child.”
Jill’s hard face breaks apart as tears flood her face. She breaks down, crumbles on the sofa and sobs. She cries so hard it sounds like she’s in pain and for one moment I feel sorry for her and try to imagine myself in her shoes. Would I want revenge? 
“That’s why she’s punishing Dana and me. She hates us because I’m Max’s son and my relationship with Dana reminds her of you and Max.”
“You whore!” she yells at Mom, pulling her face out of her hand. “I wanted to have you jailed but your father used his power to protect you.”
“I’m sorry, but it’s done,” says Mom. “Now please get out of my house.” 
Jill stands up and walks out. Shane and his dad follow behind her. Dad just stays in the same place. Mom goes to him and reaches out her arms, but he pulls away, eyes crazed with paranoia. 
“I need to be alone,” he says as he walks out the door. 
“I’m sorry,” I whisper to Dad, knowing full well he doesn’t hear me.
“Don’t be,” says Mom. 
“I brought all this trouble on us,” I say. “I’m so sorry.”
Mom walks into the kitchen and grabs the phone. “Get ready to leave.”
“Where we going?”
“To someone who can help you.”
“I don’t understand. How is anyone going to help me at this point?”
She pauses and smiles. “I know someone who can help you leave Eden.”


Chapter Nine
 Techno music pounds on my ear drums the moment the entrance doors open. Strobe lights reflect off every person in the dark club. People dance, swinging their bodies in every motion, drinking till they pass out. Others shoot up heroin or take ecstasy.  
“Why are we here?” I ask Mom.
“I’m looking for an old friend.”
“I find it hard to believe you were friends with any of these people.”
“You would be surprised.”
She stops in front of a table where a man wearing a brown leather jacket guzzles down a bottle of beer then lets out a disgusting burp. He snorts cocaine off the table then shakes his head and grins.
“Alana,” he says, in an accent I’ve never heard before. “I haven’t seen you in years. And we live on the same island. How is that?”
“I don’t have much free time.”
“Maybe it’s because of that uptight partner of yours,” he says. “Tell me, how do you remain so beautiful?”
She raises a brow. “It’s a secret. How do you remain so handsome and in good shape?”
He laughs, sniffing up more cocaine. “Still got that sharp wit, don’t you?”
“Mom,” I say, nudging her arm. “Are you flirting with this guy?”
She whispers, “No. But we need his help. A little flattery can’t hurt.”
“Is this your son?” he asks. 
“Yes. His name is Adam.”
He shakes my hand. “I can’t tell you how much it means to me to see you in person. Max would be so proud.”
“He knows?” I ask Mom.
“It’s okay. We can trust him.”
Looking Mom’s way he says, “You can always trust me babe.” Then he turns, and winks, making my stomach cringe.
“I remember when your mummy was the most talked about surfer on the islands. Oh boy, she was a hottie. She even posed for an entertainment magazine and was on the front cover. I bet those stiffs on the Council wet themselves when they saw you in that bikini.” His slow chuckles evolve into a hysterical tirade of laughter, spilling his beer on the table.
“Oh baby girl, please sit down. I insist.”
“Oh Nigel. You’ll always be sixteen. I love that about you.”
He tosses me a beer. “Oh boy, I could tell you some wild stories about your parents when they were young. For example one time…”
Mom clears her throat. “I don’t mean to be rude but I came here for a purpose. Actually, I need your help.”
“Anything for you, babe. Just tell me what you need. Anything. Whatever your heart desires.” 
“I need a plane.”
His eyes widen. “Whatever for?”
“For Adam. He’s been discovered.”
“Oh.” His face and voice falls. “I’m terribly sorry.”
“He needs a way to leave the islands.”
Nigel nods, hands folded. “Alana, baby, you know there’s nothing out there. Max knew that too.”
“Maybe there is. Either way, my son’s life is at stake.”
“Can you fly a plane, boy?” he asks me. 
“It’s my major,” I reply. “I’ve been flight training for a month now. Wait, you’re a pilot?”
“Yes sir.”
“Why would I want an intoxicated and high pilot flying me anywhere?”
He laughs, banging the table. “You’ve got your mother’s snarky sense of humor.”
“So you’re going to teach me how to fly a plane?”
“Yes. Anything for you and your mother.”
“Just like that?” I say. “You’ll do that for us?”
“Of course. This is me we’re talking about.” He looks back at Mom. “Frankly, I’m hurt that you never mentioned your one and only best friend to your son.”
 “Wait,” I lean, whispering. “You’re deviant?”
A wide grin covers his face. “Yes.” His voice sings. “I’m deviant.”
“How many more like us are there?”
“Dozens,” says Mom. “But most of them were killed or are living closet lives.” 
“Killed? The Council kills people?”
“That’s not the worst thing they’ve done,” says Nigel. “I’d rather have them kill me than torture me.”
“Oh trust me, I know. Been there, done that.”
“They let you out alive?” he asks. “Ah wait, your fake daddy is a council member. Now it makes sense.”
He sniffs up more cocaine. “I bought this stuff at a store nearby. Paid a fortune for it but it was worth it.” He grimaces. “Can you believe some old prune on the Council is trying to outlaw drugs?” He snorts, “Where else will I buy cocaine and beer?” 
“You’re clever,” says Mom. “You’ll find a way.”
“So many businesses will be shut down.” He huffs. “Self indulgent, hypocritical fools. Someone ought to put a rock around their necks and throw them in the ocean.”
“I’d be first in line.”
“Mom!”
“Oh Alana,” he shouts. “You haven’t changed.”
Mom’s face lights up. “I hear Max’s favorite song.”
Nigel jumps to his feet. “Dance with me!”
“Don’t,” I say sharply. “Please, I’m begging you.”
“I’ll be fine. I used to come here all the time.”
“Are you joking?”
“No. I only stopped when I was assigned to Cordell. He thinks these places are subversive.”
I watch her and Nigel walk into the crowd, both of them start to move their bodies but I look away, shielding my face with my hands. This feels so wrong.  Watching my mother dance to techno music with an intoxicated drunk high pilot. I look around the club and watch all the people. How well do I know my mother? 
Nigel sings, “I gotta stay high all the time to keep you off my mind.”
Then suddenly Nigel yells the lyrics of the hypnotic techno song. He’s wild. I’m happy this man is out of my mother’s life. But maybe he’s different when he’s not high or drunk. I shouldn’t rush to conclusions. But it’s obvious this guy is a party animal. I wonder if my dad, Max, was the same way?
“Dance,” Nigel yells at me. 
“No thanks,” I reply. “I’m not a good dancer.”
Half an hour later after embarrassing wild partying by my mother and Nigel, we drive to a private airport on the west coast. Nigel leads us to the biggest jet on the lot. 
The inside of the jet looks like a resort hotel. A dining room, bedroom, a bar, and movie theater. On  television I’ve heard of wealthy and political people using planes like these, but I’ve never actually seen one. Dad would never use private jets. He always called it a shameful tool, a status symbol flaunted by those in power. That’s one thing about him I still admire; his humble and down to earth attitude. 
“This is my baby,” says Nigel, petting the steering wheel. “Take care of her.”
“When do I fly?” I ask.
“Now.”
“What? No way. You’re still high.”
“You’re right,” he says with that goofy laugh. “But trust me right now…I’m flying.” He winks at Mom. 
“So who’s going to train me?”
Mom gets into the pilot seat. “I am.”
“She flew my planes all the time,” says Nigel. “Everyone loved her.”
“You’re a pilot? You never told me.”
“Well,” she says, flipping switches. “Now you know. Take a seat. You’re my co-pilot.”
My hands grip the wheel. Tonight I’m flying a plane with my mom and her intoxicated best friend. The only person missing here is Dana. If only she could be part of this. I wonder what Dad would think of all this? The club, Nigel, Mom flying a private jet and breaking the law by allowing me to be a co-pilot. All this as she plans to help me escape Eden. What would my council member, law abiding father, think of this drunken, drug, jet flying, law breaking filled night? I think we’re about to find out as I look out the window and see him running toward the jet. 
“Mom. There’s something I think you should see.”

Chapter Ten
I keep watching Dad through the window. He flares his arms, shouts something at us, and then stops. The plane is moving and gaining speed. Ignoring Dad’s presence, Mom stares forward and laughs. 
“Mom, Dad’s here.”
“I know.”
“So you’re just going to ignore him?”
Her face turns to stone. “You want to stay alive?”
“Yeah.”
“Then help me fly this plane.”
I obey and do as I’m told. The engine’s roar gives me a high, a rush, like I’ve never felt before. The jet lifts off and for a moment I feel immortal. The clouds get closer; then we’re above them and sailing in the sky above Eden. Up here the Council’s authority means nothing. I love this feeling. Pulling my thoughts back to the task of flying, I realize that when I leave, this jet will be mine. This is a gift from Mom. I will owe Nigel a big thanks for giving up one of his best jets. 
“You’re a natural,” says Nigel, holding a beer. “Just like your mum.”
“Thanks,” I reply. “So just curious. How far can we go?”
“About forty miles out,” says Mom. “You reach Ocean Border Control. All marines. Tough crowd to deal with. But the jet itself can fly four thousand miles.”
“Okay, that’s good but how am I going to get out of here?”
“That’s where I come in,” says Nigel. “I frequently do flights for council leaders, military officers, and other high profile clients. And of course, the Council makes an exception to the Ocean Border Policy. So I’ll register a pick up for a council member, maybe your father, send it to the Ocean Border Control, and when you leave, you’ll be clear to go.”
“That’s good,” I say. “When is this going down?”
“Tonight,” says Mom. “I’ll persuade your father to go on a gambling tour with his peers and book a time with Nigel, marking this jet for his use. Once the military is informed you should have no problem getting past the red line.”
“Red line?”
“It’s the border line for Eden. Beyond it belongs to nobody. And so far, nobody knows about anything out there.”
“You should come with me.”
 She smiles. “I’d love too. But my place is here by Cordell’s side. And your place is with Dana. You’ll want to pick her up. So contact her when we get home and inform her of the plan, alright?”
“Okay.” 
“I like the weather,” says Nigel. He chuckles. “And well…I’ve lived here for so long. I like the islands.”
“Me too,” says Mom. “Besides, maybe when you find out what’s out there you can bring back help to set us free.”
Set us free? Is she resting this on my shoulders? How am I going to do that? Will I be able to bring an army back from another place, assuming we find any sign of civilization? But thinking it over, what if I could set Eden free? What if people like me could live out the rest of our lives in peace? Why should I be free and leave others like me to suffer and be killed? Now I have a new mission: find help to bring back home. 
Mom lets me land the plane and then we drive home. I call Dana and tell her the plan. Mom makes up a story about the jet ride to tell Dad, saying it was part of the school’s extra curricular activities. He believes the story and Mom convinces him to invite his peers on the jet gambling tour. 
Mom meets me in my room, tears flooding her eyes. She hugs me and holds me tight. I want to cry but won’t let myself. I might never see her again. My mother. My loving, devoted, compassionate mother who gave me life.
“The day I held you in my arms I sensed you would change the world.” She holds my face, sniffing. “I love you so much Adam.”
“I love you Mom.” I swallow a hard lump in my throat. “I’ll come back, I promise. And when I return I’ll bring down this evil place.”
“I know you will.”
When she leaves I fall on to my bed and yell into my hands, trying so hard not to be heard. How am I going to do this? Why does it seem so difficult? Is it because my life is at stake? Is it because many lives are at stake? What about Mom? What will happen to her if they find out she’s involved? The questions keep coming but I have to set them aside because it’s time to leave. Dana meets me on the beach as we planned and from there on to Nigel’s place. He gives her a quick rundown on being a co-pilot along with manuals to refer to. 
“The jet has an auto pilot function that can be used for the majority of your trip,” he says. “So don’t worry.” He takes Dana’s hands. “You are so beautiful and you have a great guy who loves you. Both of you are going to do something great.”
Driving straight to the airport, I can’t make the car go fast enough. Dana and I get on board the jet but there’s no time to show her everything now. I take her straight to the cockpit. Mom and Nigel’s words stay with me as I lift off the jet. Dana takes my hand. Excitement and fear burns in her eyes and in me as well.
“I’ve never been in a jet before and now I’m flying one.”
I take her hand. “Are you ready to start this new life with me?”
“Yes. I am.” 
She kisses me now with no fear. There is no one to hurt us anymore. At forty miles out we reach Ocean Border Patrol. We look at each other. My stomach twists in knots because I know this moment determines if we get out of Eden alive.
“Identify yourself,” commands a male voice over the radio.
“Nigel,” I respond, imitating his accent. “Come on, you people know me.”
“Thank you, Sir. Your flight has been confirmed. Have a good day.”
Dana breaks out in laughter. “You have Nigel’s voice down perfectly.”
“I have to admit it has been very interesting to meet someone from my parents’ past.” 
“I can’t believe there are other people like us.” She twists her fingers around her curls. “Your real father, mother, and Nigel. And you said someone has been implanting embryos with full human emotions into women. That explains me. I wonder who’s behind it?”
“Someone like us I would guess.” I say, taking out a world map. “I need to figure out how long it will take to reach Australia. The first place we’re going to land is a city called Sydney. According to my father’s video logs it’s located in a state called New South Wales.”
“But not a country?”
“No. According to him there was a collection of states that formed the country of Australia.”
“Wow,” shaking her head. “We’re going to see a completely different civilization. Can you imagine?”
“You won’t have to imagine. We’re going to see it in person.”
I point out the window. “We’re above the clouds.”
“It’s like a dream. It’s like we’re immortals.”
I grip her hand. “Dana, there’s something I need to tell you.”
“Okay?”
“There’s something I need to do on this journey. I need to find my father. I need to see if he’s alive.”


Chapter Eleven
I keep going over the map. When do we stop? Where do we stop? I try to find the closest landing spot possible. Dana is watching with profound intensity. I don’t want her to lose trust in me, but I have to remind myself to trust me. I imagine another place beyond where Dana and I can live openly. But for now I’ll have to be satisfied with my imagination. 
“I think we should stop at the shores of North America,” I say. “It's the closest continent.”
“Any part specific?” she asks. 
“A place that was called San Francisco. Take a look.” I give her the map.
“I saw photos of this place in my history class. There was a bridge called the Golden Gate Bridge. It looked exciting.” 
She grins. “I can’t believe we’re going there.”
“Babe,” I say, sighing. “You do realize the city is probably mostly gone? It’s been hundreds of years since the great war.”
“I know.   But still, the fact that our feet will touch the ground of another place besides Eden is thrilling.”
I smile. “You wanna check out the jet quickly?”
“Are you serious?”
“I’ll turn on the auto pilot for a short while. We’re about eighteen thousand feet in the air now so its fine.” 
We go to the bar and find drinks, but neither of us should be drunk so we pour soda into fancy cocktail glasses and cook up filet mignon on the grill. 
“It’s like a hotel in the sky,” says Dana. “Must be why the council members use these jets all the time.”
“I was only a week away from completing my flight lessons and getting my pilot’s license.”
“My major was genetics,” says Dana. “I always wanted to get a job as baby engineer. I hoped that I could figure out why I was a Deviant somehow through designing genetic codes.” 
We go back to the cockpit and bring a blanket to keep us warm. Dana gets comfortable as I watch her snuggle under the blanket. If she's nervous she's not showing it.
“We have to keep each other awake,” I tell her. “We can’t fall asleep.”
“How long of a flight are we talking about?”
“Seven hours.”
“Oh.” She looks out the window. “That’s a long time.”
“I know.”
Picking up a journal that belonged to Nigel, Dana flips through the pages, her fingers moving faster and faster, then stops. “Have you noticed the bag on the floor between us?”
“Yeah,” I reply. “Why? Nigel says it’s just extra stuff for the flight.”
She picks up the bag, looks through it, and pulls out a huge bottle. Its white, she shakes it, and makes it rattle. 
“Pills that keep you from sleeping,” she says, reading the label on the bottle. 
“I don’t know,” I say. “Are you sure about this?”
She puts two pills in her mouth and swallows them with water from a bottle. 
“Dana,” I yell. “What if you have a bad reaction?”
“Trust me.” She drops two pills in my hand and gives me her water bottle. “Do it.”
I listen, toss the pills into my mouth and swallow water. They slide down my throat and somehow I can’t help but feel I’ve made a mistake. Panic hits me but I make myself calm down, telling myself that I’m being a wuss about the whole thing. They’re just pills that keep you awake. 
“What’s in these pills,” I ask, not really wanting to know the answer.
“Caffeine,” Dana replies. “Lots of it.” 
Then she takes out a clear bag filled with cocaine and a needle for heroin. She dips her finger into the cocaine and smells it, smiling at me. 
I snatch it from her and rub the cocaine off her finger. “No!”
“Relax, Adam, I was just fooling around.” She sighs and shakes her head. “I used to use this stuff a lot. I quit only a month ago.”
“Heroin too?” I ask. “Pot?”
“All of them,” she says. “I used to party a lot at that club your mom brought you to. Took a lot of ecstasy too. I did it because I couldn’t live with myself; because every day I was afraid people would find out the truth about me.”
I nod. “I can understand.”
“What about you?” She grabs my shoulder. “You can’t tell me something major didn’t happen while trying to hide your secret.”
I look away from her, because when I tell her this, I don’t want to see her face, and to see her look at me like a coward. 
“Remember when we were kids? I tried to kill myself about a month after we kissed at the park.”
“How?”
“I swallowed a handful of pills I bought from the market. A mixture of different things.”
The conversation ends after that, and for some time both of us are left in an awkward silence, and the rest is spent on eating snacks. 
When seven hours finally pass, I feel numb but I feel like celebrating. I’m so overcome with joy I want to throw hands up in the air and shout, but I’m so tired. 
“Dana, wake up. We’re here.”
“What?” She rubs her eyes. “Right now?”
“Yeah. You ready to descend?”
“Do it.”
I land the plane at an airport and pack supplies before traveling on foot. The structure is rusted, falling apart, and covered in vines. There are buildings but they are falling apart too. Dana and I walk on the roads that ascend high like hills and twist into strange shapes. 
“This is it,” I say, “this is what’s out here.”
“It’s a city,” says Dana with a smile, “A different city in a former civilization and we’re sitting right in it.”
She points to something that looks like a red bus set on a track.  The sign on the front says Van Ness Avenue and Market Street. 
“Looks like something I learned about in history class. Trolley cars?”
“Yes, that’s it.” She runs toward it.
“Dana! Stop!”
A howling sound pierces my ears and makes my blood run cold. Dana turns back, her eyes are big, terrified. 
“What was that?” she asks.
“Nothing good.”
She runs back to me and grabs my shirt. “Did you hear that just now?”
“No.”
“I heard growling.”
“Let’s get out of here.”
We started to run just as naked figures charge out from alley ways. I blink and try to comprehend what I’m seeing. Is this possible? Could people have survived the nuclear war?
“Something’s wrong with them,” says Dana. “It’s like they have scales on their faces…like lizards.”
Red orbs stare at us, the beings stop, foaming at the mouth, making strange noises, like birds and wolves, a combo of the animal kingdom. That’s when one emerges…tall, ugly, flesh green and scaly, his mouth opens and I see a set of razor sharp teeth. The being lets out a screech like a sand crane. Birds that were imported into Eden after the war according to history books. 
The tall being jumps into the air and twirls around like an acrobat, and that’s when I grab Dana and run with her. I look back to see the being land on his feet like a cat. The rest of the beings leap into the air like frogs or grasshoppers. I can hear growling, hissing, and bird sounds behind me. I reach for the gun in my bag and start shooting but it doesn’t stop them. 
“Try a flashlight,” says Dana.
“Why?”
“Just do it.”
I grab a big flashlight from my backpack and shine it on the beings. They stop and freeze in motion, screeching as if in agony, then retreat back into the darkness. 
When we get back to the jet I quickly refuel with the gasoline that was made available on board and sit there waiting, hoping these things don’t live in this abandoned airport.
“Hurry up,” says Dana.
“Almost done.’
“Adam, hurry!”
Then we hear the animal noises again, they get closer, and Dana starts pacing back and forth. 
“Done,” I say. 
We run back on the plane, get in the cockpit, and start up the engine. Dana is shaking, I’m shaking.  Goose bumps pop up all over my arms. 
“Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God,” she yells. “What the hell were those things! Those weren’t people!”
“We need to get out of here.”
“Adam! What were they?”
“How am I supposed to know?”
“Did your father mention anything about this in his video logs?”
“No. All I know is something happened here and it wasn’t a nuclear war.”
“How are they still alive? The war was centuries ago.”
“Maybe these things breed but I don’t want to stay here and find out how.”
She brings her knees to chest and shakes her head. “Where do we go now?”
“Nowhere in North America.” I look at the map. “We’re going to Australia.”

Chapter Twelve
Hours have passed since we left North America, making multiple stops to refuel and rest. At one point we land in the Serengeti in South Africa and spend the night there. The area has lots of wild life, both beautiful and dangerous but we’re safe inside the jet. The sunrise lights up the plains, birds flock in the air, gazelles run across the landscape. I almost want to stay here, but I know we have to keep moving until we reach Australia. But we’re tired and weak so I decide to stay here for three days and get our energy back. We have enough food, water, and supplies. 
On the day we leave both of us feel fully refreshed and excited again about our trip. But nothing can describe what I feel when we arrive in Australia. My heart pounds even harder when we begin to descend. I see clouds, then structures, and the lower we descend I realize they are buildings. We are flying into a city. Where am I going to land this jet? I see nothing but cars and people walking below. Panic replaces excitement. 
“There’s life,” says Dana. She shakes me. “We found people.” 
“Looks like we have a welcome party.” I nod at the window
A fleet of what looks like military fighter jets flies toward us. 
“Identify yourself,” commands a powerful male voice. It carries an exotic accent. 
“We’re from the Hawaiian Islands,” I reply. “It’s just me and a girl.”
“Eden,” whispers Dana.
“I don’t think they’ll understand.”
Silence fills the radio for a few seconds then the voice returns. “Land your jet on our main ship. It’s in the harbor.”
“Will do.”
“What’s wrong?” asks Dana.
“They sound a bit uptight.”
“Maybe they’re just shocked.”
“Maybe.”
The voice behind the radio is revealed when we land. The man is tall, shaved head, huge arms, and piercing black eyes. He stands there, arms behind his back, staring at us, then turns and leaves. Two military officers escort us off the ship and into a black car. 
“Our first encounter with another civilization and we’re being treated like criminals,” says Dana. 
“They just want to learn more about us,” I reply, holding her hand “Everything will be okay.”
Two secret service men stare at us in silence, looking us up and down. 
“Where are you taking us?” I ask. 
Without replying, the car stops and a door opens. We’re greeted by more men dressed in black. They take us inside a tall building and into an elevator which doesn’t stop until it reaches the top floor. We enter a large elegant room. The room is more like a penthouse than an office. Then I realize that it is a penthouse. Exterior glass walls allow a stunning view of the harbor. 
I hear a woman’s voice. “You can leave them here.” 
From behind a desk, a chair turns around. Sitting in the chair is an attractive woman with glasses who seems to be about my mom’s age. 
“Have a seat.” She folds her hands and leans forward. “I’m Meryl Parker, Prime Minister of Australia. Let me start by saying it’s a pleasure to meet you.”
“I’m Adam.”
Dana waves. “I’m Dana.”
“I have a lot of questions for both of you. First, how did you manage to fly a jet all the way here? Secondly, where did that jet come from? Or better yet, where are you from?”
Dana leans in. “You wouldn’t believe us.”
“Try me.”
“We’re from a place called Eden,” I say. “It’s located in the Hawaiian Islands. It’s run by a power called The Council.”
I pause to watch the woman’s face. 
“Continue,” she says.
I tell her everything. How people are created with Eden’s special genetic code. How the embryos are placed inside a woman. The way each baby is assigned a life partner the moment they are born. The Bonding Ceremony. The way Dana and I were beaten and tortured. Her face stiffens. This is all strange to her. Cruel. She can’t fathom it. 
“We’ve documented, or so we thought, that the Hawaiian Islands were void of any population after the viral outbreak. We checked every place on the planet and the only sign of life are the mutations that resulted from the virus.”
“Wait,” I say, my mind spinning. “You mentioned a viral outbreak. What about the war?
Her face draws a blank. “War? What are you talking about?”
“The nuclear world war.”
She shakes her head. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“They lied to us,” says Dana.
“What caused it?” I ask. 
“No one knows,” says Meryl. “It just came out of nowhere.”
“When did it happen?” My mind spins again. “Tell me.”
“One-hundred and fifty years ago,” she replies. “September 21, 2050.”
“Not centuries,” says Dana to me. “Another lie.” 
Meryl crosses her arms. “What were they planning to do with you?”
“They were going to kill us,” says Dana. “They wanted us dead.”
“Why?” Her eyebrows burrow. 
“We can feel love and physical attraction,” Dana says with a shaking voice, “just like Adam’s parents.”
Meryl eyes widen at me. “You’re a natural birth?”
“I am.”
She turns to Dana. “You too I assume?”
“No,” Dana replies. “For a few years someone has been creating embryos without Eden’s sanctioned genetic code. Humans that can feel love. I was one of those.”
Shock and disgust cover Meryl’s face. “Sanctioned genetic code?”
“It’s a normal everyday thing there,” I say. “It’s been going on since Eden was founded.”
Dana steps closer to the Prime Minister. “They forced us to watch each other being beaten. That’s how much they hate the thought of love and free will relationships.”
With tears in her eyes Meryl covers her mouth in shock. She takes Dana’s hand. I trust this woman. She’s compassionate like my mother.
“We need help,” I say. I show her a photo of my mother. “She helped us escape. If they find out she helped us, they’ll kill her.”
“She’s like us,” says Dana. “And so is his father.”
“His name is Max Levi,” I say. “Have you heard of him?”
“I’m sorry,” says Meryl. “I haven’t.”
Meryl takes my hand. “I’ll do everything in my power to help you both. You have my word.” 
The door behind us opens and a military man walks in. His eyes are stone cold. 
“Carter,” she says. “What’s going on?”
“I have a request. As your Minister for Defense, I hope you take my request into serious consideration.” His eyes land on Dana and me. “We want the boy and girl.”

Chapter Thirteen
Meryl grimaces. “For what purpose?”
“Intel, Madame Prime Minister. “We need to know where these two came from. The fact that they flew a jet into our city concerns me.”
I stand up. “Don’t talk like we’re not in the room. What do you want from us?”
Meryl stands in front of me. “They’re from the Hawaiian Islands.”
He raises a brow. “I’m sure you’re aware, Madame Prime Minister, that the Hawaiian Islands have been submerged under the ocean since the disaster.”
“I don’t understand,” I say. “There are people there. There has been ever since the disaster.”
Finally his cold eyes glide toward my direction. “We’ve gone over satellite and drone footage that show nothing but ocean. 
“Eden is there,” says Dana. “It exists.”
“Eden,” he asks. “What is that supposed to be?”
“Our home,” I reply. “The place we came from. It exists.”
Meryl opens the door. “I’ll brief you in a few minutes. In the meantime Adam and Dana are my guests. Do you understand?”
“Yes, Madame Prime Minister.”
The Minister for Defense leaves. Meryl calls the secret service to escort us out of the building with her. 
“Would you like to see around the city?” she asks. 
“That be awesome,” I say. “This is what we’ve been waiting for.”
“I’m assuming you two have never seen a wedding in your society? And I know how you two feel about each other. So would you like to see a wedding?”
Dana sits up straight. “You have those?”
She nods. “We always have.”
“We’ve only seen photos in history books,” I say. “They taught us that it was a deviant practice of the old world.”
We get into a car and drive to a church. Secret service men, like the ones that used to guard my Dad back home, line up at the stairs and entrance. We take a seat. Music starts to play. Then I see the bride in her white gown walking down the aisle with her father by her side. It’s just like the photos in my history books. 
I try to read Dana’s face but I can’t. I want to know what she’s thinking and feeling right now as I turn and see the groom waiting at the altar, smiling at the bride. I imagine myself as the groom, waiting for Dana to walk down the aisle. 
Here I can think this and not feel paranoid or in danger. 
“I can’t believe this is happening,” says Dana. She takes my hand and kisses me. “We can do this in public now as much as we want.”
“We’re free,” I say, and kiss her again. 
I look around and see someone smiling at us. I never thought there would be a day when someone would smile at us for kissing. 
Then I remember everyone back home, especially Mom. I have to go back and rescue her from that evil place. I won’t forsake her or Eden. I have to believe freedom can exist in Eden.
After the wedding we go back to Meryl’s penthouse at the government building. She goes into a private meeting while Dana and I wait. An hour passes and I can’t help but think that things are about to take a turn for the worse. When the door opens the look on Meryl’s face makes my stomach twist. 
“What’s going on?” My voice surprises me. It’s demanding.
“We were contacted,” she replies. “Eden knows your here.”
“How?” Dana stands up.
“They know about our country and where we are.”
“For how long?” I ask.
“They’ve always known.” Walking to her desk she continues, “Their technology is so far beyond anything we have. We were informed they use a cloaking shield to hide the Hawaiian Islands from any incoming airplanes or ships. It can even fool satellites and drones.”
I nod. “That’s why Australia never found us.”
“Our leaders are highly alarmed,” she says. “I don’t know how to console them. Considering Eden’s draconian nature, my government is afraid of what it could mean for our country.”
“What did they say?” I cross my arms. “Please, be honest.”
“They want you and Dana. And they threatened to use military force to get you back. Eden’s leaders say they have nuclear missiles.”  
“That’s not good,” says Dana. Her voice falls. “Do you think they’ll use them?”
“We don’t know. But our military leaders aren’t taking these threats lightly.” She takes a deep breath. Her eyes can hardly look at us. “There’s a chance the military will take this out of my hands. I might not be able to protect you.”
“Where will we go?” I ask. “How can we leave? Your military has our jet.”
“I don’t know if I can get your jet back, but I can have two of my closest secret service men escort you to Queensland.”
“Is it far from here?” I ask.
“It’s on the northwest side of the continent.”
I hear the door open and see two secret service men walk in. Dana looks to me as if asking if I think this is alright. I give her a nod.
“Lyle and Clyde will escort you there. They’ll devote themselves to you the way they have to me.” She hugs both of us. “I wish you both a safe journey. I’ll have my people contact you if I can get your jet back.”
Dana falls asleep on my shoulder during the ride to Queensland. She’s exhausted and afraid. This is not what we're expecting. Australia is not the salvation we thought it would be. And to make things worse, coming here has possibly put the only lasting democracy in jeopardy. What if Eden destroys them? How long can we hide? 
The car swerves and a sick knot grips my stomach. Something feels wrong. Dana wakes up just as the two secret service men take out their guns. 
“A black car ran into us” says the driver. “It came out of nowhere.”
“Open the sunroof,” orders the blond secret service man. 
He stands up and fires his weapons. Dana covers her ears and screams. This is the first time I’ve really seen her frightened. The agent comes back down. 
“They opened fire on us,” he says. 
Dana’s eyes grow. “Why would anyone in your country want to kill us?”
“They want you gone from the country,” says the blond agent. “You two risk us being at war.”
“No.” I shake my head. “They need us alive.”
Something hits the car. It flips and tumbles. Metal scrapes the road and creates an ear piercing screech. Dana’s hair whips my face. Then stillness. Both of us are upside down hanging like bats.  
“Dana,” I say. 
“Adam?” She says back. “Are you okay?”
“Are you?”
She touches my cheek.
The two secret service men are either dead or unconscious. I can’t tell. I unbuckle my seat restraint and then get Dana out of hers. I step out of the car first and then help her out. A group of men emerge from a black car. 
“Adam, look.” Dana points to their shirts.
“That code of arms symbol,” I say. “They’re from Eden.”
“How the hell did they get here?”
The men point guns at us just as a mysterious jeep crashes into them. Bodies fly in the air. The driver in the jeep opens the door, hat and sunglasses covering his face.
“Get in,” he yells. 
Dana climbs in the backseat while I get in the front. Who did we just get in the car with? Did we just walk into a trap? Who this man? What does he want? Why is he helping us?
“Who are you,” I shout. “What’s going on?”
He lays his hand on my shoulder. “I knew who you were the moment I saw your face on the news.”
“What?” I pull back. “Who are you?”
The man takes off his hat, then his sunglasses. Time stands still. His eyes look into mine. I sit there actually speechless. 
“Dad?”
He smiles. “Hello, Son. I’ve been waiting for you.”


Chapter Fourteen
He holds my shoulders. He looks like the boy in the videos, but in a man’s body. He has a scruffy beard but the same dark wavy hair. This man called Max is my father. But I’m not ready to call him Dad. Not yet. For now he’s just Max to me. 
“Is this a trick?” I say. “How can I trust you?”
“The map,” he replies. “Did your mother give you the world map?”
“Yes.”
I ease back close to him. “How long have you been here?”
“Since the day I left Eden. When I landed in Australia I was intercepted by the military. They kept it a secret by orders of the former Prime Minister.” 
“But Meryl didn’t know about you.”
“The last Prime Minister signed an order of secrecy that would keep my existence a secret even from future leaders. When Meryl was elected I knew she wouldn’t be told a single thing.”
He looks forward. His eyes are like black coffee. They look intense and even a little angry. So many questions rip through my head. Is now the time to ask him? Maybe I should wait. No. I’ve waited long enough. 
“Did you ever think about me? And Mom?”
“Every day.” 
“Why didn’t you bring us with you?” A hint of anger escapes my voice. “Why would you leave us in that hell hole?”
“I had to fly blind and hope I didn’t land in a wasteland. In fact, I was flying over the ocean, 30 miles off Australia’s coast, when my plane lost power and crashed in the water. Thankfully, this country’s coast guard rescued me.”
He takes a sip of water. Stress paints his face. “As you know, Eden has been fully aware of Australia for years. When I was on the Council nobody told me. They never fully trusted me.”
“Wait, back up,” I say. “How have you been surviving? Where do you live?”
“The government here set me up in a beach house on the Sunshine Coast of Queensland.” 
Dana leans in between the seats. “That’s where Meryl sent us.”
He nods. “It’s far from here.” He glances at her. “Who are you, again?”
“My girlfriend,” I say. 
Max smirks. “Deviants.”
I frown. “They let us know how they felt.”
His face melts. “Did they hurt you?”
“Yes, both of us.”
Dana touches my shoulder. “We made it out alive. His Mom and her friend, Nigel, were the ones who helped us get out.”
He chuckles. “Good old Nigel. I bet he’s as wild as ever.”
“You have no idea,” I say. “He and Mom danced together at the club you used to go to.”
“Sounds like your mom.”
“Do you remember Jill?” I ask.
“Yes,” Max replies. His eyes loom heavy. “What about her?”
“She’s the one who had Dana and me tortured. Then she came to our house after Dana defended us from an attack. I think she has it in for Mom.” 
His hands grip the steering wheel. “Bitter woman.”
“We need to get back to Mom.”
Max stares forward and does not answer. He’s thinking of something. 
“Did you hear me?”
He nods.
“Answer me old man!”
He laughs. “Never heard that one before. And for your information, I’m only thirty-six years old.”
“Don’t you care what happens to her?”
“Of course I do. Her partner is on the Council though. Trust me, nothing will happen to her.”
His laid back attitude irritates me but I try not to show it. I don’t want to damage any potential relationship with this man. I keep staring. This is my dad, the man who helped bring me into existence. I was born out of love between two people and the thought of that brings warmth to my inner most being. 
As we pull into a driveway I see a two story house with an upstairs deck enclosed by glass. The front yard is big with a lot of green grass. The house is a mixture of wood and metal, elegant and modern. This is luxury. My father has had it good all these years or so it seems. 
“It’s called the Marcus Beach House,” says Max. He pats my shoulder. “You and Dana will love it here.”
He turns around and winks at Dana. “You like fish and chips, sweetheart?”
“Hey!” I snap. “Come on, now.”
Dana chuckles. “Yes, I do.” She nudges me. “He’s just being friendly.” 
He laughs and leads us inside and upstairs. A dark wood table sits on a wood floor. Glass shields hold in the deck. The ceiling is painted white and has recessed lighting. My chest swells. He lived in luxury. We lived under tyranny. 
“Who’s this?” I pick up a framed photo.
“Just a lady friend,” he says with a grin. “Well, actually we dated for a year.”
“She looks half your age.” I throw the photo into the wall. “Screw you, old man!”
“Woe,” Dad raises his hands. “Temper. You definitely didn’t get that from me.” 
“I don’t want anything from you. You useless piece of crap.”
“Adam!” yells Dana. Her face burns red. “What’s wrong with you?”
“I’m angry,” I reply. “He lived like this after leaving my mom and me.”
“No choice, Son,” he says, chuckling. “Besides, I wanted to find a place. Then I’d come back for you and Mom.”
“You never did!”
“They took my plane.” He ruffles my hair. “Come on, let’s sit and have a drink.”
I wanna spit, throw a punch, maybe even beat him up. But not here, not now. Dana is upset with me and Max is clueless to my anguish. 
“A beer?” he asks me. 
“No,” I snap. “And Dana doesn’t want one either.”
“What?” Dana raises her brow. “What do you think you’re doing?”
Max smiles at Dana. “Uh oh. I’ll be right back.”
He walks out of sight. Dana smacks the back of my head, anger smelting on her face.
“Ouch. What’s your problem?”
“Don’t try to control me.”
“Dad will try to get you drunk.”
“How do you know that?”
“He’s a party guy. Mom knew it, Nigel knew it, and I can tell by that photo and this house he lives in.”
She rolls her eyes. “Emotions are clouding your judgment.”
I jump from my chair. “You don’t understand. Look at you, rolling your eyes at me. Who got you here? You wouldn’t be here if it weren’t for me.”
Her face hardens as she stands up. Then her hand crashes into my cheek. Her fingers grip the collar of my shirt. “Listen to me, you arrogant little boy. Don’t ever talk to me like that again.” She shoves me away from her. “Don’t take your anger out on me.”
My face warms up as shame envelops. “Dana, I’m sorry.”
“Am I walking into something?” Max holds drinks in his hands. 
“No,” says Dana. “Thank you for the drinks.”
Max hands us bottles of water while he pops open a beer. He’s so happy looking, sporting a grin, like he doesn’t have a care in the world. Not the son he left behind. Not the woman he left behind. Or a family. No. He’s been living care free in the land down under. 
The door bell rings and Max gets up to answer it, leaving Dana and I alone. She won’t look at me. I sit there with arms crossed. I’m not apologizing more than once. This silence is awkward. I get up and stand at the edge of the deck. My arms rest on the glass railing. The yard is big and green, perfect for a family, maybe for my family, maybe a child. But it feels weird to think about this when Dana is so mad at me. 
“Adam,” says Max in a serious tone. 
I turn around. The Minister for Defense stands next to him, tall, and stern, shifting his gaze from Dana to me and back again.
“I think we should talk,” he says, sitting down. “I’m here to send you back to Eden.”

Chapter Fifteen
“I don’t think you understand the security breach you’ve created.” He stares at me. “The potential for nuclear war is now on the table.”
“You’ve known about them,” I say, “since my Dad got here.”
“Yes. And we know they have weapons that could devastate this entire continent. So tell me why I should help you?”
Dana speaks up. “Adam’s father is a government leader there. He has access to all branches of the government, including the military. We can give you the location of their military bases.”
He nods. “That’s a start.”
“You would have to go back,” says the Minister for Defense. 
I shrug. “Not a problem for me. I need to get my mother out of there.”
“I can get your jet back. If you agree to my terms.”
“Go on,” I reply.
“You leave tonight.”
“What?” Max sits up straight.
“Done.” I strike a darting look at Max.
“Second. You report back to me once you get there. The very moment you land contact me before you get detained. But that shouldn’t be a problem considering your father’s leadership position.” 
“No problem so far.”
“Lastly, if your father interferes in any way to disrupt the plan, you are to deal with him.”
“What?”
“Kill him,” he says, flatly. “He has the power to have you detained or worse.”
“He wouldn’t hurt me…he…”
“Loves you?” Max scoffs. “He’s a mindless drone. Just like the rest of them.”
“Don’t call him that.” I rise from the table. “He was there for me. Not like you.”
Max crosses his arms and looks away. “Yes, he was, but not out of love. He can’t love.”
The Minister for Defense leans forward. “That’s another thing. We need data on their methods for human genetic engineering.” 
“I can do anything you want,” I say. “Just give me a plan and I’ll follow it.”
“I hope it can be that simple.”
“Dana stays here.” I avoid eye contact with her.
“I don’t think so.” She stands up. “I’m coming with you.”
“I’m not asking. I’m telling you.” Turning to Max, I tell him, “You’re coming with me.”
He doesn’t reply.
“I’m coming with you.” Her eyes well up with tears.
“I can’t let anything happen to you Dana,” pulling her to me, my fingers touching her face. “I couldn’t live with myself if something happened to you.”
“How do you think I feel?”
“Please,” kissing her on the head, “do this for me. Stay here.”
She sighs, forcing back tears. “Come back to me. Because if you don’t, I’ll never stop looking for you.”
“I know.”
“Let’s go.” I look at Max. “Are you ready?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“I’ll call in a special place for Dana.” The Minister for Defense dials his phone. “It’s possible that agents from Eden have already discovered this location.”
We head out to a black car. Dana holds onto me for the entire drive. I have to believe that everything will be okay, that Dana will be safe. I’m going to rescue Mom. Australia will sweep in and set Eden free. This is what I want to believe.  I know there’s a good chance I may die, but I want Dana to be safe. If I’m gone she can find someone else here to love and take care of her. 
I look at Dana. She smiles. Her face glows with a warmth I will remember forever. The last image I have is my beautiful Dana. 
Suddenly the car flips over and flies in the air, then skits. The sound of metal scraping the road and with warning pierces my ears. Then a thud and impact and my skull collides into something knocking me unconscious. 

Chapter Sixteen
In a foggy haze I try to open my eyes and adjust my senses. Wood scratches the palms of my hands and something tight grips my wrist. As my eyes open I see my hands tied to a post. With no warning a whip slashes my back. A scream escapes my lungs. A fist punches my head, knocking my face into the post, then a crack. My nose is broken. 
Dana’s in front of me tied to a post. My heart throbs as anger explodes in my chest. Blood drips from her head. She’s completely uncovered. No shirt or bra.
“You sick cowards!” I yell. “I’ll kill you!”
Another blow to my head. Then a hand grabs my chin and pulls my head upward. All I see is Jill dressed in a white robe, her fingers wrapped tightly around a dagger. There are ten others around us dressed the same, with a few Eden marines. It's the Council, but not all of them. I can’t see my dad. Did something happen? Did he refuse to watch me die? Or is he in trouble? What about Mom?
“Behold,” she yells with a mock smile, and enthusiasm. “The two lovers.” 
Laughter explodes. She spits in my face and then slams her foot into my jaw. I try to keep myself from blacking out. Quietly, I look around trying to scan the area. There’s nothing. Where are we?
“The Outback,” says Jill, almost reading my mind. “That’s what they call it here. There’s nothing for miles. We have a cloaking shield up. No one can help you two deviants.”
“Where is my Dad?” I ask. “Where’s the Minister for Defense?”
She raises her left hand. “Council members!” she shouts, so loud that her voice rings in my ears. “Should I show mercy to the whore? Should I spare the boy?”
“Kill the whore!” they shout in unison. “Kill the boy!”
A man wearing a goat mask sends a whip into Dana’s back. She screams, head arching back. Blood pours off her body like rain. Her face contorts. I sob quietly but my face is numb and wet. 
“Twenty stripes,” she yells. “Penance for their sins!”
“Let it be done,” they chant.
The flogging goes on with no end. Dana’s screams clash into mine. I grit my teeth. I can feel blood pour off my body like a shower. Then I see black but a needle pokes my arm. My body jerks and I’m wide awake. 
“Don’t let them pass out,” says Jill. “They have to suffer.”
“No!” screams a commanding voice. 
“Mom!” I yell. “Mom!”
She breaks through the circle surrounding us. She falls on her knees and clutches my face, tears streaming down her face. For a moment I feel safe. For a blazing second I forgot the searing pain on my back and skull. 
“I’m going to hold your son’s heart in my hand,” says Jill as tears begin to fall down her eyes. “I experienced a lifetime of pain, loss, and misery. Can you handle a few seconds of it?”
Mom sobs, “Jill, I’m begging you for mercy.
Jill’s arms flair in the air. Her voices raises. “Who will pay for their sins? The law requires blood!”
“I will.”
Max kneels next to my Mom. “Let me take my son’s place.”
A twisted smile takes over Jill’s face. “I don’t know who I’d enjoy killing more. The thought of carving out your heart seems so much better.”
He nods. “Do it. But don’t kill my son.”
“We could have had a child. But you didn’t want one. And …” her voice cracks. “I couldn’t give you one.”
“I know. I’m sorry.”
“Still,” her wicked smile returns, “you only cover Adam. What about Dana? Who will take her place?
Mom looks at me and my heart crashes. “Mom, don’t. There’s another way.”
“No, Adam, there’s not.” Still crying, she smiles, but continues to hold my face. “Listen to me. I love you. I love you so much. You gave me something to live for the day you were born. Always remember that.”
Max nods. “I love you too.” His eyes swell up then he breaks down. “I thought of you both every day. It killed me not having you and your mom with me.”
Jill snorts, rolling her eyes. “Tie them up.”
The marines obey her. Mom and Max are tied up and placed in front of Jill. The men untie Dana and me but hold us and make us watch.
Jill’s pupils grow until her eyes are black orbs. Her voice transforms into a deep demonic groan. “Do I take their hearts?”
“Yes,” they shout, almost howling like animals. “Kill them!”
She pulls Mom’s hair and bends her head upwards, so they are facing each other. 
“Was it worth it?” Her demonic voice sends chills into my spine. Her hand raises in the air holding the dagger, the council is howling, shouting, wailing, some are even pounding the ground with their feet. 
 The dagger swoops down. 



Chapter Seventeen
Something bangs in the air and Jill freezes in mid air. Her hand with the dagger is midway down. She looks down and touches her chest. Blood paints her fingertips.  A searchlight shines on the ground. It’s a silent helicopter. A fleet of them are above us.
Jill’s body hits the ground. A team of soldiers swoops down from the helicopter. My body goes limp and crumbles to the ground. My eyes want to close but I can’t let myself fall asleep, not now. Dana looks at me. Her face is blank, no emotion. She’s in shock. I want to go to her but I can’t. My muscles won’t respond and every movement makes my skin scream. 
“Where’s the Minister for Defense?” one of them yells.
“He’s dead,” says Max. “They shot him in the head.” 
“Get these freaks in cuffs,” he yells, pointing to the Council members. His eyes gaze down at my back, turning his face white. “What the hell was going on here?”
“We’ll get you all medical attention,” he says, then hurriedly walks away.
I’m so disoriented that I don’t see my Mom and Max beside me. She’s trying not to touch my back. Max is telling me everything’s going to be okay but I can’t feel anything. 
“He’s losing a lot of blood,” I hear Max say. 
“It's not that,” Mom says. “They laced the whip with poison. I’ve seen this before. It’ll work its way to his heart fast.”
Light hovers over my eyes. Different voices surround me. I feel myself being laid on my stomach, on a board, then lifted up. 
“Don’t go,” I hear Mom beg. “Stay with us.”
“It’s okay,” I whisper. “I’m free.”
As the world slowly fades away I’ve never felt so happy, so at peace. I love you Dana. I love you Mom. I love you Dad. Even you Max, my real father. Whatever that means. Max was willing to die for me. I know now he truly loves me. 
 I’m dying. I feel it. I’ll never be able to thank Dana for the love she’s given me, for taking a chance on me and making me feel so alive. She risked her own life so we could be together. I can’t thank my mom and Max for taking their own chance at love. Or tell my mom how much I love her. For raising me. Loving me. I feel myself smile. It's going to be okay. Dana will be okay. Mom and Max, too.

Chapter Eighteen
I awaken in a cold empty room. Something is in my arm. Fumbling a little I discover it's an IV. I’m on my back. No pain. Must be pain killers in the IV. I’m still groggy. Where is everyone? Why aren’t they here? Are they okay? My mind races but my relaxed state keeps me from getting upset. Jill is dead. The Council has been detained.  I smile, wondering if they’ll just get replaced with new people. Why would Jill even bring them here just to watch Dana and I die? 
“Hello?” I say, still in a fog. My voice won’t go above a whisper. 
“Hello,” I say again with more effort. 
The door opens and a nurse peeks in, then looks back at the hallway. My parents walk in and Dana is behind them. 
“Adam, can you hear us?” asks Mom. 
“Yeah.” My voice is shaky. “What happened?”
“You were poisoned by the whip.” She takes my hand, “We thought we’d lost you.”
I try harder to make myself heard. There are so many things I need to say, words that need to be spoken. 
“Max,” I say in a stronger voice, “I’m sorry for the way I treated you.” 
“It’s okay,” he says smiling as he pats my head. 
“No it's not.” Then turning my attention to Mom, “When I saw Jill raise that knife to you I tried to imagine life without you and I couldn’t.” Then my eyes shift to Dana. “I’m sorry for what they did to you.” My voice breaks. “As a man I never felt so helpless and weak when I watched them beat you with that whip.”
 She leans over me and kisses me. I still can’t get over being able to kiss her without fear. 
“Dana.” I take her hands. “I’m not sure how I’m supposed to ask you this, but this is something I think both of us need to do.” 
“What do you mean?” Her eyebrows furrow. 
I inhale. “Dana.”
The door opens and secret service agents walk in, Meryl following close behind. 
“Wow,” I say. “I didn’t think I would see you again, Meryl.”
She approaches the bed. There’s something around her neck which I recognize as a Hawaiian lei, freshly picked. 
“You like it?” she asks. “I have to admit that I didn’t expect Eden to be so beautiful.”
My head tilts. “You mean?”
“Yes,” says Dana, “we’re home.” Her smile is back and a deep feeling of happiness envelops me. 
I’m guided out of bed, and thanks to the miracle of healing medication, I can walk. Meryl can’t believe medical technology like this exists. It amazes her. Something that is so normal to our way of life is extraordinary to hers. Beyond a glass window I see helicopters hovering over Honolulu. Military jets soar over us. Australian troops float from the sky in parachutes. What we are witnessing reminds me a little of how the history books describe D-Day 1945. Seems as if history is repeating itself. 
“When did this happen?” I ask.
“The moment you were rescued your father gave us the coordinates to Eden’s military bases. After that our military took flight and ambushed them with no warning.”
“How did you do it though?”
“Electromagnetic pulse,” she replied. “It shut down their cloaking shield and prevented them from viewing our jets and ships.”
She stands next to me. “I only need one thing. When we tried to shut down the Bonding Program it requested your DNA as well as Dana’s. Whoever made that program must have created the genetic code of both of you hundreds of years before you were even born.”
“Where is it?” I ask. 
“The government center,” says Max. “I can take us there.”
“Let’s go,” I say. 
I keep thinking if this is really it. Now it seems so simple, but it wasn’t. Dana and I not only risked our own lives but the lives of the people we left behind. 
Blue lights reflect on the narrow hallway leading us to the genetics lab. According to Max it’s over a thousand square feet. Shelves are everywhere, filled with tubes housing genetic material. 
“Have they made any embryos?” asks Meryl. Her face looks horrified by the thought. 
“No,” replies Mom “They’re not made until a month after the Bonding Ceremony.” She gazes at shelves. Her voice softens. “We got here in time.”
We find the main computer. A regular white monitor sits on the desk. The mouse has a small heart clipped on the white chord. I’m surprised something like that would even be allowed. 
“I’m almost in,” says Max. He looks up at me. “All I need is DNA…yours and Dana’s.”
Mom gets a short needle and pricks our fingers. She places both of our fingers into an analyzing sleeve connected to the computer. 
“I’m in,” says Max. His fingers race on the keyboard. Then he backs away, hands in the air.  “Done.”
Mom cries and hugs Max. She pulls him to her kissing him passionately. I’ve never seen them like this, but it makes me feel good. But also bad for Dad. They need this. They need to feel human emotions. But at the same time I feel bad for my father, Cordell.  
“Dana,” taking her hands. “Marry me.”
“I will.”
She grabs my face, our lips touch, and we hug each other tight, so tight nothing can slip between us. What if everyone in Eden could feel like this? How will they cope without someone telling them who they can spend their lives with? Only people like me, who can come out of hiding, will transition easy. But what about all of those who are slaves to their genetic code? Chains were placed on them by Eden. Eden stole their humanity but I want to give it back to them. Why should we keep one of the most fundamental elements of humanity to ourselves? 
“We’re not finished,” I say to everyone. “There’s someone we need to talk to.”


Chapter Nineteen
I need to see Dad, to see his face again. This man was the only father I have known since birth. He might not be capable of love but I know he cared for me as a son. I always loved and admired him as a father, despite our differences. 
When I see my house I smile. I’m so happy to be home despite all the hell I endured here with Dana. The comfort of familiar surroundings distracts me from everything that has happened. I can’t get the beatings out of my head. 
Meryl’s security team is greeted by two guards at the front door. Australia’s military has secured all the islands. This isn’t just a rescue, it’s an occupation. 
Dad sees me and rushes across the room and hugs me. This is surreal. How can he be like this after the way I betrayed him then left him?
“I thought you’d hate me,” I say. 
“You’re my only son,” he replies. “I could never hate you.”
Mom joins us, wrapping her arms around Dad and me. Max watches us. What is he thinking? Is he wishing for a loving family with Mom and me? Is he wishing he had this with Mom and me? Is this cutting him to the core? Maybe it should. Does he even care? I used to think he left because he wanted to get help. But now I realize he started out with good intentions but turned into a selfish man, only wanting to live lavishly, leaving his son and the love of his life behind. 
“Jill is dead,” I say. “So is the rest of the Council.”
Dad nods. “I had a feeling.” He looks at Max. “Hello Max.”
“Hi.” Max waves. “Had no idea you knew my name.”
“I’m a Council member,” replies Dad, with a smile.
Max scoffs, “Right.”
I love how we are right now and wish it could always be like this. We’re a family again, like we were before life got turned upside down. 
Meryl shakes Dad’s hand. I can tell by the look on her face that she’s admiring how handsome he is, something people here will be able to do now without fear. 
“I’ve heard a lot about you from your son,” she smiles. “He admires you very much.”
“This is Meryl,” I say. “She’s Prime Minister of Australia.”
“I know.”
“Of course he knows,” says Max. “I always figured the Council was aware of Australia’s existence.” 
Dad’s face demonstrated patience. “It was classified information. The Council didn’t want outside influences corrupting our society.” 
His eyes gaze on Meryl and her soldiers. “But it appears things are going to change now.”
“This is about human rights,” says Meryl. “Adam told us that Eden has been genetically modifying humans and bonding them with life partners like a forced marriage. Not to mention all the forced pregnancies on women.”
“No one is forced.”
“Give me a break,” snaps Max. “They didn’t know any better. They were brainwashed from birth with all the ideas your culture thinks is the perfect way of living.”
“We’re being occupied by another country,” says Dad. “How do you think our way of life will be now?”
“Australia is a democratic society,” says Meryl. “The people of Eden will be treated as citizens.”
“Says you. But what about when a new leader is elected. What then?”
I grab Dad’s shoulders. “Dad, please. I came here because I need your help and support.”
His voice and eyes soften. “What do you need?”
“You were the Chief Scientist on the Council. You know how genetics work. We need to restore Eden’s humanity. We need to give them the ability to love.”
He shakes his head. “Undo centuries of work?”
“Dad, I know love. I’ve experienced it. There’s nothing evil or deviant about it.”
He stays silent.
“Will you do it for me? Your only son?”
He looks away for a moment then back at me. “Alright. And I suppose all of you can hear what I’m about to tell you. Eden is, after all, officially gone.” He folds his arms. I know this is killing him inside. 
“There’s been an antidote to Eden’s genetic code since the beginning of our society.”

Chapter Twenty
“The antidote is a virus.”
“How does that help us?” I ask. “We’re trying to help our people not kill them.”
“A virus can do more than make you sick. It can change you on a cellular level. Even change your genetic makeup.”
“Like Eden’s?”
“Yes. Like Eden’s. It’s how our society began. When the virus was first unleashed centuries ago it adapted well with a few, but it killed of the majority of Earth’s population. Others were transformed into horrible beings, not even human.”
“That explains those things we saw in San Francisco,” I say. “And why there was no sign of war or devastation.”
He just nods at. 
“Where is it?”
“I have samples in my lab.”
Max scoffs. “Why would you keep something like that?”
Dad looks away from our gazes. He looks hesitant. There’s something he needs to say but can’t or won’t. He can’t stop now, not when we’re so close. 
“You can tell us Dad,” I say. 
“My father used to be Chief Scientist on The Council before I took his place. He was a good man, a pillar in Eden’s scientific community.”
Mom takes his hands. “Yes, he was a good man.”
Dad clears his throat. “He was also a deviant. He had radical ideas. They were heresy. He did very bad things. Well, at least here they would be considered morally bankrupt.” He eyes Meryl. “He created embryos without Eden’s sanctioned genetic code.”
“Your father made us?” asks Dana. 
Dad nods. “When he was on the council they wanted to destroy the antidote even though the laws made it clear it was to be left alone, never to be destroyed. So my father stole the antidote supply and kept it safe until he died. Then he passed it down to me. It's a guilt I’ve been keeping in this house for years.”
“Alright, enough family stories,” says Max. “How does the virus work? Is it injected? Are we gonna go to every person and give them a shot?”
“No.” Dad’s eyes send daggers toward Max. “It’s airborne. Once we release it the rest will fall in place.”
Meryl raises a brow. “How will we know it works?”
“You’ll know.” He locks eyes with Mom. “Trust me, you’ll know.”

Chapter Twenty One
It’s been a month since we came back to Eden. Has much changed? No. Daily activities go on as usual. People go to work. I still go to the beach to surf but this time I go with Dana and Max. He and I have a father and son relationship now and recently I even began calling him Dad. He lives close by and visits often. I’m still going to school. Mom and Dad are still together. I see familiar people at the markets and stores. Daily activities aren’t that different, but the people are. Today I went to the beach and you know what I saw? I saw people in love, kissing, and hugging. I witnessed public displays of love and affection. The virus worked. At first people panicked because they didn’t know how to deal with those kinds of emotions. Some went wild. Some freaked out. Others accepted it without question. Life and love are everywhere. People are more alive than ever. And there’s another big change. Dana and I moved out of our parent’s houses and into our own home. We’re married. We had the wedding in our backyard, right on the beach.
“Adam,” calls Dana. “Feel this.” She puts my hand on her stomach.
“He kicked,” I say. 
We both smile. 
“Hello, Son. Your Mom and I are waiting for you,” I say, talking to her belly. “Don’t get too comfortable in there.”
“He gets active when I go in the water. I think he's going to be a surfer just like us.”
I think so too.” 
I wrap my arms around her. “I decided what I want to name him but I wanted to see what you thought about it.”
“Tell me.”
“Gabriel.” I watch her face closely. 
Gabriel,” she says, slowly. Her voice is soft and sweet when she says the name. “I like it.”
I kneel down and face her belly. “Gabriel. We’re waiting for you. You’re going to change everything.”


 
