
Doomsday for Disco Goblins

Underkingdom Book One

By Indigo Lane

Copyright 2015 Indigo Lane
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of
the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial
purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own
copy from their favourite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.

~ TABLE OF CONTENTS ~

Intro
Chapter One - Angelica
Chapter Two - Plopbottle
Chapter Three - School Trip
Chapter Four - On Remand
Chapter Five - Breakfast At Grimley’s
Chapter Six - Escape Plans
Chapter Seven - The Newcomer
Chapter Eight - What Happened To Stewie
Chapter Nine - Saying Goodbye
Chapter Ten - Betrayed
Chapter Eleven - Unmasked
Chapter Twelve - The Dragon Fire Device
Chapter Thirteen - The Goblin In The Iron Boots
Chapter Fourteen - Hoo-Man Gazey Pie
Chapter Fifteen - Back On The Surface
Chapter Sixteen - Airborne
Chapter Seventeen - Clearing Up
Epilogue


They say for them with the knowing of where and how to look you can still see the outline of the Doom Speaker after it was put back into the earth – around the edges of the topside districts known as Knights Bridge, West Meanster and Mary-Le-Bone, and along the northernmost shores of the river.
Gribble the Scribbler - Blood Clan historian


Chapter One

Angelica

Something that looked almost exactly like the Klamp family cat crept in with the early morning mist. As the mist twirled and twiddled into and out of the driveways of Belmont Road, it stayed close to the garden walls. When the mist turned the Klamp gatepost and seeped across the manicured lawn, it wasn’t far behind. Then, as the mist teased the kitchen doorstep and tickled the feet of the Terracotta warriors standing guard on either side, it nosed open the cat-flap and stepped cautiously inside.
The air in the kitchen carried a number of smells that the real Mister Wilson would have found very familiar and reassuring – Sophistikat Gourmet Treats in his food bowl, combined with the underlying aroma of freshly brewed coffee and hot buttered croissant. The Mister Wilson duplicate moved to the basket in the corner and settled down. Cameras embedded behind lifeless, unblinking eyes adjusted to a wide-angle focus and then began recording.

RRRAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!

Fifteen minutes later, a plastic tyrannosaurus came momentarily to life, flexing its realistic grasping claws and working its last remaining flashing eye. A hand adorned with a heavy skull-motif ring and numerous bangles darted from under the bedclothes. The miniature dinosaur crashed to the floor, gave a final defiant roar and then was silent. It now had zero flashing eyes and only one grasping claw.
For a few seconds the only sounds were a faint gurgling coming from an impenetrably murky fish tank and the irregular ticking of a battered clockwork alarm. Then the alarm let out a brief, almost apologetic rattle, before smashing into a horror movie poster and dropping into the tank.
A lump which had risen briefly in the bed quickly settled down, but was soon disturbed again by a loud, two-tone buzzing. The digital alarm, however, had been positioned well out of reach and wouldn’t be so easily put out of action. 
‘Ugghh, wass-that? Wass-going on?’ said the lump.
The hand found a basketball boot at the side of the bed, launched it into the air, and the digital alarm fell silent after a small electrical explosion. The lump reverted once more to its original form, an indistinct shape buried beneath the voluminous duvet.
At that moment the tiny room was suddenly filled with a pile driver drumbeat, the animal-like squeal of lead guitar, and then over them all, an almost primordial grunting:

‘CRASH CRASH CRASH . . . NASTY ZOMBIE SMASH!’

‘What the . . . ?’

‘BASH SKULL BASH . . . CHAINSAW NASTY CRASH . . .’

The hand fumbled on the bedside table, until it had located the phone, buried beneath a pile of discarded socks and a half eaten slice of pineapple and anchovy pizza. 
‘Yeah, who is it? Oh right, sorry Mum.’
A mass of tangled black hair emerged from the bed.
‘Yes, yes, all right, I’m getting up right now.’
The hair disappeared beneath the bed covers, then resurfaced a few moments later.
‘No, no . . . there’s no need to come up here.’
A pale-faced girl rose from the bed and turned so that she was sitting on the side of it.
‘I can’t believe you don’t trust me,’ said Angelica, then added, ‘There, can you hear me now?’ stamping her feet up and down a few times on the floor.
Angelica let out a weary sigh then stood up and started to search amongst the heaps of unwashed clothes, empty fast food containers and other refuse that littered the floor.
‘Yes, yes, I’m doing it already,’ she said to the phone still in her hand. ‘Yes, I know there isn’t much time left, just give me a couple of minutes, I’ll be right down I promise.’
Another twenty-five minutes passed before she finally wandered into the kitchen, flicking through some text messages on her phone and using the toothbrush in the other hand to chase the last pieces of pizza around her mouth. She crossed the room to the sink, spat out the mess of toothpaste and dough and then deposited the toothbrush in a half finished cup of coffee.
‘Ugghh, you are such a pig!’
Angelica turned and waved at her younger sister, Cassandra, who was grimacing at her from the other side of the breakfast bar. Then she picked up a packet of frosted flakes from the side and for a moment seemed to be searching for something.
‘If you’re looking for a clean bowl, you’re out of luck,’ said Cassandra. ‘Someone keeps taking them up to her room and not bringing them back.’
Angelica shrugged her shoulders then shook out some of the cereal flakes and sandwiched them between two slices of bread.
‘No, I’m not going to let her get to me,’ said Cassandra, returning to the book laid open in front of her.
‘What you doing then?’ said Angelica leaning over her sister and spitting out bits of cereal as she spoke.
‘I’m reading, well I was trying to anyway,’ said Cassandra wiping the book clean.
‘Reading what?’ 
Angelica snatched the book from her sister.
‘Give that back!’
Cassandra tried to grab it back, but Angelica managed to keep her at arm’s length whilst she read out the title.
‘Quantum dynamics in multi-dimensional space . . . what the hell is that all about then?’
‘Well it isn’t exactly on the syllabus,’ Cassandra replied. ‘But I wanted to get ahead for my university subjects.’
‘University! You’re thirteen years old for god’s sake, you haven’t even started your GCSE’s yet.’
Angelica tossed the book back onto the table.
‘You need to lighten up a bit sis, try to get out more.’
‘Hu, you can talk – stuck up in that room every night, listening to that awful music.’
‘Hey, you can say what you like about me, but don’t knock the Zombies,’ said Angelica, and after a brief pause added, ‘You know what happens when you knock the Zombies?’
‘No, not the ring-tone again, you promised!’ said Cassandra, looking worried.
‘I’m sorry, but it’s too late now,’ said Angelica, quickly navigating through the menu on her phone.
Cassandra clamped her hands over her ears as the thrash metal anthem blasted once again from the phone at full volume.

‘CRASH CRASH CRASH . . . NASTY ZOMBIE SMASH . . .’

After a few moments of frantic head banging, Angelica yanked her sister’s hand away and started to sing along.
‘There you are at last,’ a voice called out over the music. ‘And would you please turn that off!’
Angelica quickly silenced her phone, then turned to face the smartly dressed woman framed in the doorway.
‘Oh no,’ Angelica’s mother shook her head. ‘Angelica Klamp, you are not going to school looking like that!’
‘Hey, don’t call me Angelica, you know I hate that!’ Angelica replied.
‘I told you before darling, I am not going to start calling my own daughter Deathstrike Angel!’
‘All right, Ange then – god Mum, you can be so picky at times. Anyway, what’s wrong with this? I’ve got my uniform on, well, most of it of it anyway.’
Angelica looked down at her school blazer, which she had accessorized with numerous non-regulation badges, and at the other clothes, which over the years had become scuffed and frayed, partly from general wear and tear, but mostly from her many fights in the playground.
‘But the shoes darling. I mean, what happened to those nice blacks ones I bought you?’ said Mrs Klamp. ‘And if you’re going to wear something else, couldn’t you at least pick a pair that matches?’
Angelica shrugged her shoulders.
‘Sorry, that’s all I could find,’ she said.
On her feet were a pair of basketball boots – one was purple, the other lime green.
Her mother sighed.
‘Well there isn’t time to look for the others now, so you’ll just have to go as you are I suppose.’
Angelica shoved her phone and a couple of drink cans into the mess of food wrappers and unfinished homework that occupied the greater part of her schoolbag. Cassandra made a careful note of her page with a bookmark, put the book away in the correct section of her briefcase and unhooked her school blazer from its hanger on the cupboard door behind her.
‘Oh, and by the way,’ said Mrs Klamp as the three of them headed towards the front door. ‘If you’ve broken any more of your alarm clocks, it’s coming out of your allowance this time young lady.’
‘Ah yes,’ said Angelica a little sheepishly. ‘I’m afraid I may have knocked one or two of them over again this morning,’ and then added with a sly grin, ‘In my hurry to get ready!’
Something that bore an uncanny resemblance to the Klamp family cat watched the smartly dressed female and her two children climbing into the vehicle parked on their driveway. Then, as soon as they had passed through the gates, a creaky voice beckoned from the bushes nearby.
‘Here puss, puss, puss.’
The Mister Wilson duplicate took a few steps towards the voice then froze in its tracks.
‘Drakk, it’s not responding.’
‘I’ll turn up the signal on the homing beacon,’ said a second voice.
The Mister Wilson duplicate came to life again and when it was within a few feet of the bushes, a small, scaly hand emerged to drag it into the undergrowth. 
‘Have you got it?’ said the first voice. ‘Good, now quickly take out the data recorder and give it to me. The schedule says we’ve got to replace the creature that looks like a small cave hound in the opposite dwelling next. We’ll keep the body but the head’ll have to come off. Pass me a number seven canine Nobby and help me unzip the fur.’
A shrill scream came from the bushes.
‘It bit me,’ said the second voice.
‘Must be malfunctioning,’ said the first voice. ‘We’ll have to scrap the logic unit, if I can just . . . ow, you little, look out it’s getting away.’
A ginger blur shot from the undergrowth.
‘Shall I switch on the beacon again?’ said the second voice.
‘That probably won’t work any more. Besides, we’re late enough already. The original’s still down in the holding pens ain’t it?’
‘Yeah, but I don’t see . . . ’
‘Drakk it, let’s leave it then. Nobody’s gonna know if we don’t tell ‘em, right?’

~

Norbury Park was one of the best schools in the South London area. The original red brick building had been well maintained and a number of additional facilities had been constructed within the grounds, including ultra-modern science labs, high-tech computer and multi-media centres, an Olympic sized swimming pool, floodlit, all-weather running tracks and sports pitches, plus a wide variety of indoor sporting facilities. This, combined with the school’s progressive approach to teaching, meant that the majority of students were happy and enthusiastic. However, there were still a few that didn’t seem quite so keen to join in with school activities, and in particular, with the headmaster’s latest “Putting the cool back into school” campaign.
Angelica was sitting next to her friend Stewart (Stewie) Gorman at the back of the assembly hall. Stewie was a stockily built teenager, and like Angelica, he was dressed in his own scruffy interpretation of a school uniform. The two of them were watching the headmaster, Mr Williams, who was giving out awards for “cool” ideas left in the school suggestion box. A succession of children had already trooped onto the stage at the front of the hall, where the headmaster had shaken their hands, said what the award was for and then presented them with book tokens for the school shop.
Angelica looked up from what had been occupying her for the last ten minutes, which was painting over the school emblem on her sports bag with correction fluid and replacing it with a pledge of her true feelings for Zombie Chainsaw’s lead singer:

Eddie Zombie

Deathstrike Angel

Match Made in Hell!!!

‘Hu, you wouldn’t catch me up there even if they were giving out real money,’ she muttered to Stewie.
When the last of these awards had been given out, the headmaster made a short speech about disruptive individuals leaving childish and unconstructive comments in the suggestion box.
‘So what was it this time?’ said Angelica, turning towards her friend.
Stewie finished the alterations to the lettering on his bag, which now read:

Norbury Park Ninjas

Killer Assassin Death Squad

‘What makes you think it was me? It could have been anyone.’
‘You told me you were going to do it.’
‘Oh yeah, I did didn’t I,’ Stewie conceded, and then continued, ‘Well, all I said was that I could think of a much better location for his suggestion box, together with a handy diagram of course. Here, I made a copy in case you were interested.’
Stewie passed Angelica a piece of paper from his pocket.
‘Well, it’ll wipe that stupid grin off his face if nothing else,’ said Angelica, and then added, ‘Although, I not sure that last bit is actually possible,’ turning her head to one side.
‘Hey look, that’s Cassandra isn’t it?’ said Stewie suddenly.
The headmaster was now giving out prizes for outstanding achievement, and to Angelica’s surprise, the latest person to come onto the stage was her own sister.
‘So what’s she getting one for this time, being the world’s biggest teacher’s pet?’ she said, with just a hint of jealousy in her voice.
The headmaster announced that Cassandra would be receiving a special prize for her designs for a new bio-fuel system, which would be good for the environment and was projected to cut school heating bills by twenty-five percent. Then he gave Cassandra one of the latest e-readers on the market and called for a special round of applause.
‘You’ve got to admit, that is pretty amazing,’ said Stewie.
‘Hu, I could have thought of that,’ Angelica replied sulkily.
‘Yeh, right!’
‘Well it’s not fair, Caz is really clever. Anyway, who’s side are you on?’
‘Sorry mate,’ Stewie apologised.
Whilst the other children were clapping and Cassandra was returning to her seat, the two friends called out “Cazza” and “Caz the Wazz” several times, which were her two least favourite nicknames. It was obvious that Cassandra had heard them, because she gave them a dirty look just as she was sitting down. Then, as soon as the hall had quietened down again, Angelica’s phone started to ring:

‘CRASH CRASH CRASH . . . NASTY ZOMBIE SMASH . . .’

‘BASH SKULL BASH . . .’

‘Oh no, I forgot to turn it off didn’t I?’ said Angelica, fumbling in her bag for the phone.
Angelica quickly cancelled the call and then checked to see who it was from.
‘It was Caz,’ she said. ‘Just wait till I get hold of the little . . . ’
Angelica stopped when she realised that everyone in the hall was laughing at her, including Stewie. However, her humiliation reached new heights when the headmaster called her up onto the stage.
‘This is exactly the sort of person I was talking about earlier,’ the headmaster told the assembly. ‘Someone who refuses to participate in any of our school activities. Someone who obviously takes very little pride in her appearance.’
Trying to avoid the mocking faces of her schoolmates, Angelica found herself looking down at the headmaster’s immaculately polished brogues, and in contrast beside them, her own somewhat scuffed and mismatched basketball boots.
‘Someone who I can honestly say has learned practically nothing in her five years at Norbury Park and who has contributed even less. That was up until this morning, however, when she did at least give everyone a jolly good laugh.’
The headmaster picked up the last remaining book token from the table behind him and then continued.
‘Which is why I have decided to present this special one-off award for outstanding contribution to comedy.’
The headmaster handed the book token to Angelica and said quietly, ‘I hope you didn’t mind my little joke at your expense, it’s good for morale you know.’
Angelica was determined not to be taken in by the headmaster’s easygoing charm.
‘Sometimes it’s hard to believe you’re even related to our star pupil. Anyway, no hard feelings, eh old girl?’ the headmaster added, offering Angelica his hand.
Angelica’s first instinct was to slap the hand away, to screw up the book token and to throw it at the headmaster’s perfect footwear. In the end she muttered something about not really minding and reluctantly accepted the handshake.
‘Oh, and one more thing,’ said the headmaster sharply. ‘If you turn up dressed like that again you will be sent home with a letter for your parents.’
For the rest of the morning Angelica had to put up with hushed sniggers and whispered comments coming from the backs of various classrooms, and nearly got into a number of fights with children passing in the corridors. So she was greatly relieved when the lunchtime bell finally rang and she was able to get away.
Angelica met up with Stewie in their usual place round the back of the school gymnasium and they set off across the rough ground behind it, being careful to stay out of sight of the school athletics team who were practising nearby. Once they had reached the wire fence at the back of the school grounds, Stewie carefully unhooked a section that had been rigged up so that it could be opened and closed again, but still look as if it was perfectly intact. Stewie made a quick scan to see if anyone was coming, then the two children stepped through the gap and onto the footpath on the other side.
Stewie unleashed a tremendous belch and then rattled the empty Max Fizz Cola can into a nearby bin. It was thirty minutes later and they were back at the fence, with Stewie lagging slightly behind.
‘Mmm, de-licious,’ said Stewie, slipping his already grease soaked fingers round another handful of chips.
‘Come on Stewie, haven’t you finished yet?’ said Angelica, impatiently.
‘What’s your rush?’ said Stewie. ‘Are you scared someone might see us?’
Although practically invisible from the buildings and paths inside the school, their secret exit could still be seen from a number of neighbouring houses.
‘No, of course not. I’m just scared we might die of old age before we get back,’ Angelica replied.
‘You’re just jealous because you didn’t have the money for a double-large portion,’ said Stewie, twirling another handful of chips with a triumphant flourish before shovelling them into his mouth.
Angelica decided to try another approach.
‘I’m your best mate aren’t I? I’ll help you out,’ she said, snaking her hand towards Stewie’s chips.
‘No way, get lost!’ said Stewie, slapping his friend’s hand away.
‘Look, I’m going back now,’ said Angelica. ‘You can stand about here on your own if you like.’
‘Okay, have it your way,’ Stewie sighed. ‘I’ll finish them off round the back of the gym.’
‘Maybe you should stick to a single large portion in future,’ said Angelica as she started to unfasten the looped wire hooks that held the fence in place.
‘God, you’re worse than my Mum.’
‘I mean it,’ said Angelica firmly. ‘If we hang around outside school too long someone will notice we’re gone, and then it’ll be no more trips to the chip shop right?’
‘All right, all right,’ Stewie agreed. ‘I’ll get a single large portion next time, but only if I can have an extra Max Fizz Cola instead.’
‘Hey, you wanna go careful with those things. They say if you drink more than four cans the Max Fizz bubbles cause like a chain reaction, or something, in your stomach, and you can explode . . . badoooooom . . . schlop, schlop, plop.’
As she spoke Angelica demonstrated the effect of the explosion, sweeping her hands forward in front of herself, and then the squelchy bits falling out afterwards by dangling her fingers in front of the imaginary gaping wound.
‘The limit’s five, anyway you don’t believe all that do you?’ said Stewie. ‘That’s just what they say in those stupid adverts.’
A short while later the two friends were sprawled at the top of the grassy bank behind the gymnasium. Stewie was working methodically at the chips stuck to the inside of the bag, whilst Angelica had been following the efforts of the children on the athletics field.
‘Look at those losers running around,’ she said suddenly. ‘I mean, what is the point actually?’
‘Exercise is supposed to be the perfect union of mind, body and spirit,’ said Stewie, quoting one of the headmaster’s well-used phrases. ‘Prompting health, happiness and general well-being.’
‘Yeah, right!’
‘Personally, I think this is more than enough exercise for anyone,’ Stewie added, pushing another handful of chips into his mouth.
‘Hey look, it’s the school comedian and her chubby sidekick.’
Stewie’s jaw froze mid-chew. The two friends exchanged curious glances.
‘He’s talking to you, are you deaf of something?’
The second voice was noticeably to one side of the first, but sounded exactly the same. This could only mean one of two things. Either they were in the presence of an expert voice thrower, or . . .
‘Oh no, it’s the Henderson twins,’ said Stewie.
Angelica and Stewie turned round simultaneously. Standing behind them were two teenage boys, identically dressed in brand new Norbury Park uniforms and both identically massive.
‘The one on the left is Digby, but his brother is the one to watch,’ Stewie continued. ‘Word is he likes to pick on the misfits and the geeks.’
‘Well it looks like you’re in trouble then,’ Angelica joked.
‘It’s types like you two – class fools, slobs who turn up all scruffily dressed, that give our school a bad name,’ said Dirk Henderson.
‘What do you mean our school? You haven’t been here for five minutes!’ Angelica retorted.
‘Here, look, this one’s got chips,’ said Digby Henderson, ignoring Angelica’s remark.
‘Tut, tut,’ said Dirk. ‘Bringing food onto school premises, which also means you must have left the grounds without permission.’
‘Yeh, we're gonna to have to confiscate those,’ said Digby, pointing to the chips.
‘But you can't do that!’ Stewie replied indignantly.
‘And what’s this, messing with the Norbury Park logo as well,’ Dirk added, picking up Stewie’s school bag.
‘Hey, give that back,’ said Stewie, getting to his feet.
‘Norbury Park Ninjas, that’s you two then is it?’
‘Yeah, well, what if it is?’ said Stewie, defiantly.
‘If you’re so tough, why don’t you take this from me?’
‘Yeh, show us your moves ninja boy,’ added Digby.
Although they were both in the same year, Dirk was much taller and stronger than Stewie, and for a few moments he had some fun watching the other boy jumping up and grabbing for the bag.
‘This one’s got something on hers well,’ Digby reported.
Dirk let go of Stewie’s bag and turned his attention to the one Digby was holding up.
‘Eddie Zombie?’ said Dirk, taking the bag from his brother. ‘Isn’t he in some kind of band?’
‘Yeh, Mutant Hedge Trimmer, ain’t it, or something like that?’
‘It’s Zombie Chainsaw,’ Angelica corrected Digby.
‘Not that you could call them a band really,’ Dirk continued. ‘A proper band has got proper musicians in it. People who know how to sing and who can actually play their instruments.’
Angelica was on her feet as well now, but didn’t say anything this time. She was bored with talking already, if he wanted to start a fight then why didn’t he just get on with it?
‘Hey you, leave that girl alone!’
Angelica’s sister had appeared round the corner of the gymnasium. She was kitted out in tracksuit and trainers, and had been heading towards the athletics field.
‘Who the hell is she?’ said Dirk, turning round.
‘She just happens to be the head girl in her year,’ said Cassandra, as she approached the group. ‘She is captain of the under fourteens hockey team. She is vice chair of the school health and welfare committee, and is also a close personal friend of the headmaster. So maybe I should be asking you the same question.’
‘Look, I haven’t got any quarrel with you,’ said Dirk to Cassandra. ‘But slobs like these two are just asking for it.’
‘They might be slobs but one of them happens to be my sister. In any case, my response would still be the same. We don’t stand for bullying of any kind in this school,’ said Cassandra firmly.
‘Calm down sis,’ Angelica interrupted. ‘I don’t need your help to handle these two gorillas.’
‘Is that right?’ said Dirk, turning back to Angelica.
‘No Ange, you promised,’ said Cassandra. ‘If they catch you fighting again, they’ll kick you out for sure this time.’
‘Caz is right,’ Stewie added. ‘Just let it go, they’re not worth the trouble.’
‘But what can she do, she’s just a g-uggghh . . . ’
Two things went through Dirk’s mind as he doubled up. Firstly, how had she managed to cross the gap between them so quickly? And more importantly, if he had just been hit by a girl, why did it hurt so much? Quickly rethinking usuall his ideas about fighting with the opposite sex he lunged wildly towards Angelica, but was caught off balance as she neatly side-stepped his advance. 
‘Owww,’ he said, and then, ‘Ow, ow, ooofff,’ as Angelica delivered three rapid punches and then a high kick in retaliation.
Eventually it occurred to Dirk that standing there being repeatedly punched and kicked  probably wasn't such a good idea. He considered his options – what were his options? Run away? No, he never ran away, so that only left . . . an all out assault!
Dirk bent forward into a headfirst position and launched a kamikaze charge in Angelica’s direction. What she did next, though, surprised him even more than the speed and ferocity of her initial attack.
Simultaneously grasping the lapels of his jacket and bringing her foot up into the pit of her opponent’s stomach, the five foot schoolgirl fell back with all her weight. This was just enough to over-balance the ungainly twin, who suddenly found himself falling and at the same time being expertly guided forwards by the boot in his chest.
The world seemed to be slowing down. Dirk had passed over the edge of the bank and could see that he was now hanging several feet above the grassy playing field. He could also see his brother, who had almost reached the fat one and the other kid, who had both withdrawn to the bottom of the bank. That was good, just as their father had taught them – always pick on the little ones, the freaks and the wierdos, the ones that don't stand a chance. But no, something was wrong. It was almost as if she had planned the whole thing. His brother drawn away to attack the others, his own mad charge, and then . . .
Angelica listened with some satisfaction to the sound of Dirk colliding with his brother, then to the audible thud as both twins hit the ground. 
‘Here,’ said Stewie, tossing the remains of his chips to the twins, who were still dazed and coughing up dirt on the ground. 
‘They were cold anyway!’


Chapter Two

Plopbottle

The Great Engine was the heart of the clan. A heart that beat less regular than a one-armed drum rider on a hungry war hound.
Gribble the Scribbler

There was nothing Plopbottle liked more than to hide himself away in the deepest recesses of the Great Engine, surrounded on all sides by the buzz and hum of the machinery, far removed from the cruel and dangerous world of his people. 
‘Now where did Ploppy put it?’ said the tiny goblin, running his fingers over the colourful spines.
Today he was in his most secret hiding place. In reality this was a junction box between three of the remotest cooling ducts. However, he liked to refer to it as his office, although little if any work ever got done here. Practically every item that he had dragged into or constructed inside the fifteen foot steel cube was devoted in some way to his comfort and relaxation.
‘Ah, there you is!’
Plopbottle slipped the silver disk from its case and laid it reverently into the homemade player. The shelves around his office were stocked with what in his mind represented the all time classics of topsider cinema; Disciples of Disco, Don’t Stop The Funk Train, Boogie Bonanza, Harvey The Amazing Disco Duck to name but a few. Today, though, was a special day and just any old movie would not do.
A black and white television tube flickered into life, the familiar bass line crackled from an ancient gramophone horn, a young man in a black leather jacket was strutting confidently through the Brooklyn suburbs. Plopbottle took a final puff from his pipe, made himself comfortable on the all-springs-and-no-stuffing armchair and as the opening sequence drew to a close, he started to mouth along with the words. 
One hundred and seventeen minutes later Plopbottle carefully clicked the DVD back into its box, did a spot of dusting, made and drank three pots of Earl Grey tea, and finally had to admit – it really was time to start work. Picking up his toolbox he made his way to the service hatch in the corner of the room.
‘Twenty-one,’ . . . dink.
‘Twenty-two,’ . . . dink.
Plopbottle’s shrill voice plus the ring of the inspection hammer reverberated around the narrow conduit.
‘Twenty-three,’ . . . donk. ‘Oh dear, oh dear,’ he said, leafing swiftly through a small pocket book. ‘Yes, here it is – dink good, dank not so good, donk . . . very bad!’
Donk, donk, donk, donk, ‘you very bad rivet,’ he said, tapping the offending bolt to make sure. ‘You have to come out!’
Plopbottle picked thoughtfully at a loose scale on his forehead.
‘Hmm,’ he said. ‘You big job, use big grippers or maybe drill . . . but first have break.’
Plopbottle produced a paraffin stove from his toolbox, removed the candle from his helmet to light the fuel and then placed a small kettle on the ring.
‘Best thing about job in pipes,’ he chuckled. ‘No one know when you stop for tea. Like to see Growler come down here, too small for his over-size butt, hurr, hurr.’
After a few minutes the kettle began to whistle. Plopbottle took out his reserve tin of Earl Grey (having used up his main supply earlier), only to find it too was empty.
‘Drakk!!!’ he cursed. ‘Nothing for it then.’
He took a handful of grey moss-like material from the wall and threw it into a cup, along with some water.
‘Yechhh!!!’ he said, forcing down the first mouthful.
Plopbottle rummaged around in his toolbox for something to take away the taste. 
‘Cockroach Crunch Bar?’ he said dubiously, squinting through his half inch thick glasses. ‘Eat by, unless you want maggots bursting out of your stomach, thirteenth day after Zaggnarokk, first year of The Infected Elbow.’
‘Three weeks ago,’ he said. ‘Better not risk it, maybe put in Growler’s lunch box,’ and added bitterly, ‘Like he think hot coals down back of someone’s trousers is funny.’ 
Bringing to mind his boss’s rather sturdy neural whip, however, Plopbottle thought better of his plans and disposed of the snack with a brief puff of smoke, in a nearby incineration chute.
Plopbottle took another sip. Like many of their foodstuffs cave mould tea didn’t actually taste so bad once you got used to it, assuming you could endure the overpowering smell. Perhaps it was just that it brought back so many painful memories – being forced to eat their most traditional dishes; entrail stew, scab paté, wobbly goo pudding, and, even now he shuddered at the thought of it, the infamous stink mud pie. Of all the rearlings in his unit he was the only one that couldn’t take so much as a bite without it squirting out through his nostrils a few seconds later.
Plopbottle poured the last dregs of tea away and started to lay out the tools he would need for the job. He was actually quite looking forward to it, but let out a little my work is never done sigh anyway. Extracting and replacing the defective rivet was probably going to take the rest of the afternoon, factoring in that is, adequate time for another two or three tea breaks. 

~

Like most of the caves in the Blood Clan system, the chamber that housed the Great Engine had been hewn roughly and swiftly from the surrounding bedrock and lay some miles beneath the earth’s surface. The only real difference lay in its size. Floor to ceiling and corner-to-corner, you could quite easily have squeezed a couple of minor Alps into the space. That is if it wasn’t already occupied by the vast rail cart network, a small shanty town of workers huts and bunkhouses, as well as the many furnaces, boilers, workshops, control stations, and of course the engine itself; a vast cathedral of pipes, pressure regulators and pistons, known affectionately by those that worked on it as Mister Smoky.
Somewhere in the middle of the cavern a bony posterior was manoeuvring its way out of an exhaust outlet pipe. 
‘Come on, move it you horrible little stink worm!’
A tremendous rumbling voice shook the pipe.
‘Y-You mustn’t say that,’ said Plopbottle, emerging and turning to face his terrifying squad leader Superintendent Growler. ‘P-Ploppy is goblin through and through.’
‘Yeah, and next time you take five hours to fix a couple of loose rivets, I’ll open the steam valve and we’ll find out just how true that is!’
Plopbottle clambered down the ladder, muttering obscenities until an intense pain in his backside reminded him what happens when you get on the wrong side of a power crazed orc with a neural whip.
‘Get in line now!’
Rubbing the pain now spreading down his legs Plopbottle did as he was told, quickly joining a disorderly row of goblin workers.
‘Now listen up you horrible bunch of useless, ugly, no-hopers!’
The superintendent was giving squad ninety-nine his usual end of shift pep talk.
‘If things don’t start improving round here pretty soon,’ he said pacing along the line. ‘Then it’s bone crunching time, got it?’
His remarks were met with stony silence.
‘Didn’t you hear me? I’m gonna mash your skulls. I’m gonna mince your faces, then I’m gonna get the bits that are all minced up and mince them some more!’
Nothing, not even a whimper. He was starting to realise it was almost impossible to bully the ones who had already suffered far worse things than anything he could do to them. However, there was one squad member who could still be intimidated. The superintendent stopped and lowered his cannonball-sized head until Plopbottle could make out all the tiny scars and pock marks that peppered his superior’s face.
‘So you finally decided to join us eh, Slop-Bottom?’
The superintendent had just returned from a two-day course entitled Group Motivation – Picking On The Weakling Theory, and was keen to try out what he had learned.
‘N-No i-it’s Plo . . . ’
Plopbottle tried to correct the superintendent but was interrupted before he could finish.
‘Our little friend here thinks he’s better than everyone else, isn’t that right Sloppy?’
The superintendent didn’t wait for a reply this time.
‘Thinks that getting maimed isn’t good enough for him. The rest of you have all been injured in some way, given some small part of yourself in the line of duty, or not so small in some cases. I won’t pretend to you that squad ninety-nine is an easy assignment, you get only the worst and most hazardous jobs to do, but I know you love it really; the danger, the excitement, isn’t that right boys? Come on, snap to it!’
An unenthusiastic murmur returned from squad ninety-nine. One of the goblins tried to salute, but then remembered that he didn’t have any arms. Norrin Halfbottom, on Plopbottle’s left, came to a lopsided attention – one of his buttocks had been missing since an accident with a mechanical pincer. Nuglugg on his right had lost his brain somehow, for which the boys in the Tech Labs had provided an electronic replacement, programmed to carry out simple tasks and repeat a few basic phrases. He was the last to reply in a buzzy, robotic voice.
‘So what makes you so special, eh Sloppy?’ the superintendent barked in the tiny goblin’s face.
‘P-Ploppy sorry, really he is,’ Plopbottle apologised.  ‘He try to tell others when it safe to jump through the t-terrible gnashing gears on l-level forty-two and when it not. He try to show them places to hide when b-big steam cloud come out of m-main boiler. But they not listen, no one ever listen to Ploppy.’
‘What was that?’
The superintendent cupped his hand around his ear.
‘I thought I heard a tiny squeaking noise.’
This produced some laughter from the other squad members and the superintendent started to feel he was making some progress at last.
‘Anyway, where was I? Ah yes, what do you say I even things up a little, maybe slice off his dainty little nose, or perhaps an ear or two?’
‘N-N-N-No, please d-don’t hurt P-Ploppy.’
Plopbottle was on his knees now, begging at the superintendent’s feet.
‘P-Ploppy be good, Ploppy work harder.’ 
‘You’re pathetic, you know that don’t you Sloppy. Well now that you’re down there you might as well drop and give me twenty.’
‘G-Give you twenty what?’
Plopbottle didn’t even feel the superintendent’s boot. He woke up some minutes later with a trickle of blood running down his forehead. The superintendent and the other squad members were gone, and all the other first shift workers were heading now for the transit shuttles. Plopbottle stood up, did a quick check to see if any bits of him were missing, and then set out in that direction himself. 

~

Spongo’s cocktail bar was by far the most violent drinking hole in the district. Not that this bothered the management at all, in fact they actively encouraged the fighting. If you didn’t have one of your own a wide selection of weapons were available, and the helpful bar staff could always be called upon if you were stuck for an opening line. A lasting favourite was, “Are you looking at me or chewing a live grenade, cos either way you’re not gonna have a head in a few seconds.” 
One person the violence did bother very much, however, was Plopbottle. Looking around the room, he kept asking himself why of all the taverns in the sector, Broodangle had insisted on meeting him here. He had never seen so many unsavoury creatures gathered together in one place; off-duty executioners, mutant many-headed trolls, troll mercenaries with tusks larger than his own head, footpads and thieves, solitary assassins skulking in the darker corners – and worst of all, they all seemed to be looking in his direction. 
Plopbottle put on his best tough guy walk, which isn’t easy when you’re shaking like a technician with a burning coal down the back of his overalls. He tried to think of his favourite disco idol strutting through those Brooklyn streets. The end result was a kind of wobbly saunter, which only got worse the more he thought about how nervous and how out of place he looked. 
The barman didn’t notice Plopbottle at first. This was because the bar itself was set to the height of the mainly troll clientele. Over the edge of the bloodstained counter a face appeared. A face that had evidently been split down the middle at some time by a very large axe. 
‘What do you want?’ the barman grunted.
‘D-Do y-you think I-I, that is . . . c-could P-Ploppy have a cup of tea p-please?’
‘TEA!’
Plopbottle felt the room shake a little. He had obviously said something to upset the barman. What the barman said next though was just about at the bottom of Plopbottle’s list of things he needed to hear at that moment.
‘Okay boys, he’s yours!’
And what he could now hear behind him was slightly below that; the sound of various knives, crossbows, guns and axes being simultaneously drawn, loaded, cocked and sharpened. 
‘That’s all right, he’s with me.’
A hooded figure, who had been standing beside Plopbottle at the bar, opened his cloak revealing the sub-machinegun in his left hand. A goblin with an ancient looking blunderbuss across his lap spat at Broodangle’s feet.
‘Pah, topsider weapons!’ 
Broodangle flicked off the safety catch.
‘The manufacturers of this gun say it has an effective firing rate of eight hundred rounds per minute,’ he said, pointing it in the goblin’s direction. ‘Would you care to put their claims to the test?’
This seemed to satisfy the goblin, and the other customers, who returned to their own affairs without further incident. Plopbottle and his companion climbed onto a couple of nearby barstools, for Plopbottle this was more of a mountaineering exercise, and Broodangle ordered two tankards of rat’s blood wine. 
‘Why do we have to meet in a place like this?’ said Plopbottle as soon as the barman’s back was turned. 
Broodangle, known to some as Broodangle the occasionally cunning, drew back his hood. A thin beak-like nose emerged and was quickly followed by two deep-set beady eyes and a short triangular beard that accentuated the sharpness of his chin.
‘Well for one thing the bar snacks are to die for,’ he said, reaching for a handful of fried maggots. ‘But more importantly, do you know how dangerous trading in stuff like this is? Un-uniformed constables and informants are everywhere these days.’
Plopbottle suddenly remembered why he had come to the bar in the first place.
‘P-Ploppy’s order,’ he said excitedly. ‘Have you got it?’
‘Shh . . . keep your voice down.’
Broodangle withdrew an unmarked envelope from his tunic. Plopbottle reached for it but the envelope was quickly taken away again.
‘Ad-ad-ad, let’s see the money first.’
Plopbottle produced a small purse from his tunic – four months wages didn’t amount to much in his profession, and handed it over. Broodangle relinquished the envelope and in the time it took Plopbottle to glance down and put it away, had melted back into the crowd. Suddenly feeling vulnerable again, Plopbottle beat an ungainly half-waddle, half-sprint towards the door.
Many decades of grimacing had set Hobshanks’ face into a more or less permanently sour expression. Originally a trader from the frozen caves of the north, his migration to the relatively temperate Central Region had done little to melt his bitter outlook. When business was booming, he complained that there were too many people crowding round the stall and that his work was never done. When business was not so good, as was more recently the case, he complained about that as well.
‘Twist-an-a-half and they’ll be screaming for mercy,’ he said without enthusiasm. 
‘Two turns, they’ll tell you anything you want to know. Ideal for the inquisitor on the move or in a hurry, fifteen Zoggs each or two for twenty.’
Someone was approaching, another time waster by the look of it. He sighed. Gone were the days when chiefs of secret police would beat a path to his stand. 
‘Excuse please sir,’ said Plopbottle politely.
‘What do you want?’ 
‘Uhhm,’ Plopbottle paused for a moment. He had been hoping to find one of the up-market clothing vendors, and disappear into a dressing room on the pretext of trying something on.
‘D-Do you have room out back? Ploppy wanted to try one of your . . . ’
Plopbottle glanced up and noticed for the first time the large demonstration thumbscrew above Hobshanks’ head.
‘ . . . ah, one of your . . . ’
‘Precision mechanical pain devices, but by the look of you I’d say you’re far more likely to be the one having his thumbs squashed than the one doing the actual tightening.’
Plopbottle leaned forward in the manner of someone about to disclose a great secret. 
‘Ploppy need to be alone somewhere,’ he said in a hushed tone. ‘Somewhere quiet.’
‘Quiet?’
The trader looked round in disbelief. Hobshanks’ stall was sited not far from the centre of the Big Wheel, the principle point of exchange for goods passing into and out of the Blood Clan. Essentially this was another large, vaulted cavern, crammed with market stalls, trade pits, fast food vendors, entertainers, and merchants offering goods from the farthest Underkingdoms. True, it was not quite as busy as it would be in the middle of the day. However, many of the traders had remained open to pick up on the evening trade, and, passing by at that very moment were two rival troupes of bash rock musicians, simultaneously shouting slogans for different brands:

‘Fed up with your tutor?
Got an embarrassing friend
you need to get rid of?’

‘Boils, spots and warts, 
we’ve got all sorts. 
The disease to please, 
a scab for all occasions.’

‘High yield micro-grenades, 
fast acting poison,
many exciting new flavours.’

‘Laboratory Bogg,
if you haven’t got it yet, 
you soon will have.’

‘All the latest gizmos 
from Junior Assassin.’

Something was happening to the corners of Hobshanks’ mouth. Facial muscles barely used in the last thirty years were beginning to tighten.
‘Huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr . . . ’
An unfamiliar sound emerged from Hobshanks’ mouth, slow to begin with, but quickly gathering momentum.
‘Huuuuuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrrrrr, huuuuuuuuurrrrrrrrr, huuuurrrrr, huuurrrr, hurr, hurr, hurr . . . ’
The trader couldn’t believe it. He Hobshanks The Miserable, he even had it painted on his sign, was laughing. What was this going to do to his reputation? He took out a twin-barrelled flintlock pistol from underneath the counter and took aim. Fortunately for Plopbottle, Hobshanks was still convulsing too violently to shoot straight, and the first shot went high over his head. The second ricocheted off one of the musicians’ instruments, lodging itself in a well-armoured thigh.
‘Come back here . . . hurr, hurr . . . I haven’t . . . hurrr . . . finished with you yet!’
But Plopbottle was already away on his heels, dodging and weaving his way past the other pedestrians. He didn’t slow down until he had zigzagged around several blocks, and was almost at the cavern’s central plaza. Still panting heavily he turned into a narrow side alley and found himself standing beside a brightly painted caravan. A badly faded sign above it said something about Circus Zax’s amazing novelty acts from around the Underkingdom.
Plopbottle checked in both directions. Someone in a long grey overcoat was busy tying his bootlaces, but apart from that the alley was deserted. He decided to risk it, and so crept carefully up the stairs and into the caravan.
The interior was more spacious than he had expected, and smelt faintly of gunpowder and goblin ale. A troll with a very unconvincing third eye glued to his forehead was dozing on a packing crate bed. Plopbottle tried to tiptoe quietly around the sleeping form, but half way round managed to catch his foot on an empty beer bottle.
‘Wassappening?’
The fake eye rolled in Plopbottle’s direction.
Plopbottle hurried on and passed through a door at the far end of the caravan. A short canvas tunnel led to a second room that was dimly lit through a gap in some curtains. 
Plopbottle was alone at last. He took out the envelope that Broodangle had given him and gently teased it open. A small card fell into his palm. His hand was shaking, he could hardly bring himself to turn it over. He had waited so long, what if it wasn’t the right one? Plopbottle lifted the card up by one of the corners, and gingerly flipped it over. Then, slowly, as he started to draw back his hand, the first line came into view:

1976 Disco All Stars

Then the next:

Flavour Gum Co. Card Collection

Then a picture, a young man in a white suit, his right hand pointing upwards, his left clenched into a fist, and under that the last three lines:

Number 42. Johnny Marino A.K.A. Tony Gambini

In Disco Night Fever

Disco Movie Of The Year

This was it, the final card he needed to complete the set.
‘And now to start the first show off, we have something of an old favourite for you.’
Plopbottle froze, something was happening on the other side of the curtains.
‘All the way from the inner mantle of the earth’s core, would you put claws together for Erik The Incredible Triclops.’
There was a brief drum roll and then the curtains drew back. Plopbottle realised he was standing in the middle of some kind of stage, facing a crowd almost entirely made up of Kell Shi-Kai warriors. These were the king’s elite guard. Chosen because they were either smarter or stronger than other trolls, they tended to set themselves aside from the common rank and file of the army and were unusually fussy about their appearance. You might even call them stuck up, although not to their face if you wanted to keep yours.
The compère was still bowing at the front, and sweeping a battered felt hat down to the ground.
‘Here, you’re not Erik!’ he said straightening up.
‘What’s going on, we paid for a show, it’s Reknagg’s birthday.’
The crowd was growing impatient. The compère decided that a little improvisation was called for.
‘Ah, it seems we have a slight change to the scheduled program.’
The compère started to make his way toward the centre of the stage.
‘Our little friend here . . . ’ he added, gripping Plopbottle firmly round the shoulders.
‘Just what do you do?’ he demanded in an angry whisper.
‘Ploppy is engineer in Southeast Quadrant Maintenance Corps.’
‘But you must be able to do something. Can you juggle? Swallow knives? Break rocks on you head?’
Plopbottle’s blank expression said it all, the compère was in deep trouble. Desperate for some kind of inspiration, he gave Plopbottle a quick once over. 
‘Hello, what have we got here?’
The compère’s inquisitive fingers soon found the card clutched behind Plopbottle’s back.
‘Tut, tut, topsider if I’m not mistaken.’
‘Give that back!’ Plopbottle protested.
‘And just who is this silly fellow in the picture?’
‘H-He not silly, Johnny Marino is greatest dancer of all time.’
‘Well perhaps you could give us all a demonstration, show us some of his moves.’
Plopbottle went cold all over. There was nothing that terrified him more than being the centre of attention, especially in front of any kind of an audience.
‘P-Ploppy can’t, n-not here.’
‘Maybe you would prefer it if I took this to a constable, you do know the punishment for trading in illegal artefacts?’
‘N-No, y-you not d-do that please,’ Plopbottle pleaded. ‘Th-they k-kill P-Ploppy for sure.’
‘Well then!’
‘B-But P-Ploppy can’t dance without a b-beat.’
The compère signalled to the drummer and started clapping himself.
‘Come on everybody, our little friend here is going to show us how the topsiders dance.’
Plopbottle made a few tentative steps around the stage.
‘Come on, pick it up, and I want to hear some singing as well!’
A thin, wavery voice crept from Plopbottle’s trembling lips.
‘W-Well you can t-tell by my g-groovy disco walk . . . ’
‘Aggggghhh, that’s more like it!’ An appreciative roar came from the crowd. Something about Plopbottle’s delicate movements had obviously struck a chord with the battle-hardened audience. A few of the guards were already joining in, clapping and stamping their iron-soled boots in time with the rhythm.
‘ . . . I was born to dance, no holler, no squawk . . . ’
Plopbottle closed his eyes. Suddenly he wasn’t a low-grade technician any more, he was Johnny Marino in Disco Night Fever. Confident, sophisticated, chic, and above all, not a goblin. He pointed down to the floor and up to the ceiling, he twirled his jacket round his head and spun on his heels. He hustled, he shimmied, he mash potatoed, he did the boogaloo.
Plopbottle looked up, for some reason the clapping had stopped. A strong hand landed on his shoulder. 
‘All right, the fun’s over, you’re under arrest.’
‘What?’
‘Inspector Spagnum, illegal imports.’
It was the orc he had seen in the alley, and he was holding up two things. Firstly, some kind of identity badge, and more worryingly for Plopbottle, the illicit bubble gum card.


Chapter Three

School Trip

They left the link road and then joined the steady stream of traffic snaking its way around the South Wimbledon contraflow. Angelica pressed her face against the car window. After the recent rains the shops and houses seemed as cheerless and grey as her mood. She had already received a message from the school secretary to say that her parents had been informed about the incident with the Henderson twins, and several dark looks from her mother in the driver's mirror told her that things weren't going to be easy when they arrived home. When the glass became misted with her breath Angelica cleared two eyeholes with her finger, but didn't have the energy for her usual game – aiming it at passers by and shooting any that were known enemies or she just didn't like the look of.
Eventually the more sombre colours gave way to pleasant greenery as they turned into Parkside Gardens, but this did little to lift Angelica's spirits. They turned again into Belmont Road and then pulled up on the Klamp driveway. Angelica and Cassandra got out first and made their way to the house, whilst their mother stayed behind to put the car away in the garage. Then Angelica unlocked the front door, letting herself and her sister inside.
‘Excuse me young lady, where do you think you’re going?’
Without thinking about what she was doing, Angelica had started to wander upstairs. She turned and saw that her father was waiting for her at the kitchen door. Mr Klamp was still dressed in his business suit. Angelica realised that he must have left the office early to deal with her. Angelica followed her father into the kitchen and after a few minutes of uncomfortable silence, they were joined by Mrs Klamp.
‘What is wrong with you Angelica?’ Mr Klamp began. ‘Haven’t we made sure you had everything you ever needed? A nice house, a good education. Haven’t we given you everything you ever asked for . . .  well, haven’t we?’
‘Yes Dad,’ Angelica replied quietly.
‘So why do you have to keep getting yourself into trouble darling?’ Mrs Klamp continued.
‘But it wasn’t my fault this time,’ Angelica protested. ‘There were two new boys in our year, great big ugly kids . . . ’
‘When are you going to learn, society has rules!’ Mr Klamp interrupted. ‘You can’t go around picking on people just because you don’t like the look of them.’
‘But that wasn’t what happened,’ Angelica tried to explain.
‘Don’t talk back to your father dear,’ said Mrs Klamp. ‘You’re in enough trouble already.’
‘Sorry Dad.’
‘I’m afraid sorry just isn’t going to be good enough this time,’ said Mr Klamp. ‘Basically, your whole attitude is going to have to change, starting with your appearance, your choice of friends and your behaviour in general. Your headmaster told me this afternoon that unless there is an immediate improvement in your behaviour you will almost certainly be expelled from school. Do you understand? Are you even listening?’
‘Yeh, sure Dad, I understand.’
Angelica put on a serious face and nodded.
‘You won’t be a child forever. Sooner or later you’re going to have to start taking responsibility for your own life.’
As soon as her father had finished, Angelica left the kitchen feeling a little guilty for the trouble she had caused, but also quite a bit hard done by as well. Back in her room she switched on her TV, flicked through the stations until she had found the heavy rock channel and turned the volume up as loud as she dared.
The next morning Angelica woke with a start. It took her a few seconds to realise what was wrong. The room was silent; no growls, no bells or buzzing digital alarm.
‘That’s weird,’ she said to herself. ‘Maybe the wake-up fairies are on strike.’
Angelica propped herself up on her elbows and noticed straight away that the dinosaur alarm clock and what was left of the digital one were still lying on the floor. She could also just about make out the glint of a clockwork bell at the bottom of the fish tank.
Angelica swivelled round and flipped the plastic T-Rex the right way up with her foot.
‘Half past eight!’ she said, reading the display underneath it. ‘What are they playing at?’
She decided that setting her own alarms must be part of the new regime. What had her father said, something about taking responsibility?
Angelica got to her feet then hunted out the various parts of her uniform, and even managed to find the shoes her mother had nagged her about the previous day. A few minutes later she had finished dressing and was about to leave the room when she caught sight of herself in the mirror. Angelica let out a deep sigh. She had often thought that the Norbury Park uniform deserved some kind of award for exceptional dullness; the dark grey trousers, the plain grey blouse and over that the slate-grey sweatshirt preferred by most children to the more formal tie option, plus the now badgeless light grey blazer. It was all just so . . . grey!
‘How can I go out dressed like this?’ she said to herself. ‘And how long will it be before I’m in trouble for something else anyway?’
Angelica looked across at her hero Eddie Zombie, valiantly posed on a mound of plastic skulls in the poster above her bed, and asked what he would do in this situation?
‘Yes, maybe I could just punk it up a little,’ she said, reaching for the black lipstick and eyeliner on her dressing table.
Angelica met her sister at the bottom of the stairs. By now she was wearing the makeup and was dressed in her favourite imitation leather jacket, a black leather skirt and studded leather belt, with a pair of striped leggings under this and the mismatched basketball boots on her feet. Also, her already short hair had been spiked up with neon orange hair gel. But the real triumph was her Zombie Chainsaw Ultimate Carnage Tour T-shirt, featuring a picture of Eddie on the front, battling an army of zombies with his trademark chainsaw guitar.
‘So what do you think?’ she said. ‘If you’re going down, you might as well do it in style eh?’
‘Yes, very nice,’ said Cassandra, sounding a little distracted.
‘Didn’t you hear then? They gave me the final warning yesterday. I’m going to get kicked out of school unless, well, coming in looking like this will probably do it.’
‘I think that’s the last thing you need to be worrying about right now,’ said Cassandra, suddenly sounding very serious.
‘What do you mean?’
‘Something’s up with Mum and Dad.’
‘I don’t understand, what are you talking about?’
‘Look, I can’t explain it right now, you’ll have to see for yourself – they’re in the kitchen.’
Angelica was about ask what on earth she was talking about, but before she had a chance to speak her sister had darted into the living room muttering something about checking the other line. Feeling slightly bewildered, Angelica moved to the other side of the hallway then eased open the kitchen door and stepped inside.
‘Hey dude, how’s it dangling?’
Angelica’s mouth fell open. She couldn't make any sense of what was in front of her. Then she realised it was her own father.
‘D-Dad?’ Angelica stammered. ‘Are you feeling alright?’
Mr Klamp was dressed in a bizarre collection of clothes, which gave the overall appearance of a down on his luck New York rapper who had resorted to buying his outfits from charity shops.
‘Yeh man, everything is like totally evil and stuff,’ Mr Klamp continued, punctuating his words with exaggerated rap singer gestures.
‘But your clothes. I mean, what on earth are you wearing?’
‘Ree-speck sista. I is dressed for the streets.’
‘What, cleaning them you mean?’
‘Na man, the streets, street fashion – get it?’
‘Well the trainers are alright I guess,’ said Angelica. ‘But you’re supposed to wear a tracksuit, not a boiler suit. And what’s with the baseball cap? I mean, no one wears them backwards any more. That look is so out.’
‘So out it’s in, eh darling? In, out, shake it all about!’
Angelica turned and for the first time noticed her mother, who was similarly dressed apart from a floral summer hat, which was also on backwards.
‘So what do you think?’ said Cassandra, who had just returned from the other room.
‘What do I think?’ Angelica snorted. ‘You’re the clever one, you tell me.’
‘Well, I can’t tell you much really. I had to get them out of bed this morning.’
‘Yeah, and what a drag that was,’ Mrs Klamp interrupted.
‘Then they insisted on putting all these weird clothes on,’ Cassandra continued. ‘Kept saying they needed to get down with the kids, whatever that means.’
‘What are we going to do?’ said Angelica. ‘I mean, shouldn’t we call someone?’
‘That’s what I’ve been trying to do, but the house lines are all dead.’
‘What about your mobile?’
‘I couldn't get a signal, I tried Mum’s and Dad’s too but they were the same.’
Angelica took her phone out of her skirt pocket.
‘Mine’s no good either,’ she said.
‘Hey, you don’t need to get hung up about all that,’ said Mr Klamp. ‘And these clothes are just our way of showing that us grown-ups still know how to get down and stay cool.’
‘Yes, we just want you to be happy,’ said Mrs Klamp. ‘From now on everything’s going to be so easy. You’ll be able to do whatever you want, and all of your favourite things will be provided whenever you want them.’
‘Talking of which, we have prepared a delicious meal for you,’ said Mr Klamp, opening the microwave door. ‘That flat round dish you seem to enjoy so much Angelica or Ange.’
‘You mean pizza?’ said Angelica.
‘Yes, peet-zerr, that is correct. You must eat too Cass-and-ra.’
‘Whatever’s going on I think we should play along for now,’ Cassandra whispered in Angelica’s ear. ‘We can get help later, maybe ask someone at school.’
‘Okay,’ Angelica agreed, and then added, ‘Mmm, that looks delicious,’ tearing a piece from the pizza, which had been dumped straight onto the table without any utensils.
Mr Klamp’s expression glazed over for a few seconds and then he spoke again.
‘It is time,’ he said to Mrs Klamp.
‘Very well dear,’ she replied. ‘We must now exchange pleasantries and depart. We will see you later this evening at the usual time.’
The journey to school took a little longer than usual due to Mrs Klamp’s extremely erratic driving. She didn’t seem at all interest in trivial things like traffic lights, one way signs or driving in a straight line, and talked at length about how great the car was going to be after it was “pimped up” with a “wicked” spoiler and body kit, and a new sound system that was going to “kick out” a “fat-sound”.
They juddered to halt outside the school gates. Cassandra begged their mother to take care driving home and Angelica said only half-jokingly that she should stay away from sharp objects as well. Then the two of them said goodbye and went into the playground.
‘Right, let’s go and find Mr Williams,’ said Cassandra. ‘He’ll know what to do.’
‘Hey, you don’t think we’re over reacting a bit do you?’ said Angelica. ‘I mean, maybe it’s just one of those, what did Stewie call it again? A mid-life crash or something.’
‘You mean a mid-life crisis?’
‘Yeah, that’s it. He said it’s like when you realise you’re starting to get old, but think there’s a whole load of stuff you missed out on. You know, things you meant to do but didn’t. He said his mum and dad went through one a few years ago. Mrs Gorman started jumping out of planes and Mr Gorman said he was going to write a book, only he never got past the first line. Stewie said you could hear him every night through the study door, saying the same thing over and over – It was a crisp dark night in late September, something, something, something. Only, he never worked out what the something bit was meant to be.’
‘So you’re saying that putting on strange clothes and trying to sound like you’re part of some lame street gang is something they’ve always wanted to do with their lives?’
‘Yeah, well, whatever it is, it’s got to be an improvement right?’ Angelica replied. ‘I wasn’t so sure to start with but when you think about it, getting up when you like, pizza for breakfast. I mean, it can’t be all bad, can it?’
‘It might be all right for you, but I’m going to find out what’s going on,’ said Cassandra with a note of determination in her voice.
At that moment Stewie arrived with a worried look on his face.
‘Tell Cassandra what you said about your mum and dad going all weird,’ said Angelica to Stewie.
‘What! How did you know?’
‘What d’you mean?’ said Angelica.
‘I only found out this morning. I went downstairs for my breakfast and there they were, all dressed up in their wedding gear and going on about how from now on they were going to be the best mother and father a boy could ever have.’
‘So yours have been affected too,’ said Cassandra. ‘We need to find Mr Williams.’
‘The headmaster? I think saw him over there, in the main entrance,’ said Stewie. ‘But what did you mean about mine being affected too?’
Angelica and Cassandra did their best to explain as the three teenagers headed in the direction Stewie had indicated, and they continued to talk as they waited at the end of a queue of children going into the main building.
‘Video games, action and horror movies, or sweets and cakes?’
Somewhere up ahead of them Angelica could hear Mr Williams and she assumed that the headmaster must be checking everyone’s bags as they came into school. As soon as they had reached the front of the queue, the question was repeated again.
‘Video games, action and horror movies, or sweets and cakes?’
‘It’s all right,’ said Angelica, answering for the three of them. ‘You don’t have to search us, we’re clean.’
‘No, no, which of these would you prefer. We have a games centre set up in the gymnasium with all the latest console systems, or if you like you can catch some classic horror now playing on the super-wide screen over in the science labs, and for the child with a growing appetite the restaurant staff have laid on a special no-charge buffet.’
‘Hey, Stewie what do you think?’ said Angelica to her friend.
‘Well it does sound a bit weird, said Stewie. ‘But on the other hand, my stomach is quite grumbly already. It’s been almost thirty minutes since breakfast and they turned down my suggestion about early lunch breaks.’
‘What are you two talking about?’ said Cassandra. ‘We need to get help for Mum and Dad, and for Stewie’s parents as well.’
‘So have you made your minds up yet?’ Mr Williams asked.
‘There seems to be some kind of mix up here,’ said Cassandra. ‘Something is wrong at home and we need to talk to someone about it quite urgently.’
‘Well, all the staff are quite busy at the moment,’ Mr Williams replied. ‘Why don’t you come and see me in my office at lunchtime. I promise that we’ll get to the bottom of things, but I’m sure whatever it is can’t be half as bad as you imagine.’
‘All right,’ Cassandra agreed reluctantly.
‘For now why don’t you just try to relax and have a bit of fun. Today is our way of saying thanks for all the hard work and effort the students have been putting in over the past year.’
‘Yeah, education don’t have to be no mutilation,’ said the school librarian Mrs Brown, who was busy busting some moves behind the headmaster.
‘But what about registration and morning lessons?’ said Cassandra, ignoring Mrs Brown.
‘A roll call will be taken later on today, but you don’t want to worry about silly things like that now,’ said the headmaster casually, and then turning to Angelica added, ‘How about you young lady, can I tempt you with anything?’
‘Ah, you haven’t got any zombie movies have you?’ said Angelica hopefully.
‘Yes I think you’re in luck. There’s one just starting now. If you head for the science labs, you shouldn’t miss too much of it.’
‘Awesome!’ said Angelica.
‘And what about you big fella?’ he said to Stewie.
‘This buffet thing, will there be chocolate cake?’ said Stewie.
‘As much as you can eat.’
‘And Max Fizz Cola?’
‘What else!’
‘ . . . and ice cream and hamburgers and chips?’
‘Yes, yes, yes.’
Stewie’s eyes grew wider and wider with each answer.
‘Cheese dippers?’
‘Yes.’
‘Cheese string?’
‘Yes!’
‘Individual cheese slices?’
‘Yes, everything you could ever wish for and more.’
Needing no further encouragement, Stewie quickly said goodbye and left for the restaurant. Cassandra said she wasn’t interested in any of the things on offer, but agreed to tag along with her sister.
When they arrived at the science labs, Angelica let out a groan of disappointment. Through the half-glassed partition that divided it from the corridor they could see a massive screen at the end of the room, and they watched for a moment as a mutant zombie took another mouthful of flesh from its latest victim. At the same time an ear-splitting scream rattled the windows.
‘Not Zombie Exterminator Three – Mutant Apocalypse. I mean, I’ve already seen that about a hundred times at least!’
Angelica waited for a moment whilst she tried to decide if the film would be worth a hundred and first viewing. Looking around the rest of the room she could see that it was mostly occupied by boys, and a particular kind of boy at that. Someone at the back turned round, it was one of the Henderson twins. The twin pulled a rude face as she caught his gaze – he obviously felt quite safe with the shortsighted Mrs Shambley some distance away. Angelica made a mental note to give him another lesson in hand to hand combat in the near future. But then she realised, which one was he? Better include both of them just to be sure, she thought.
‘Why don’t we head over to the gym,’ said Angelica. ‘Maybe they’ll have the video game.’
By the time they arrived the gymnasium was already filled with the sound of high performance engines and juvenile wizards practicing broomstick flying, along with various unidentifiable pings, bleeps and whistles. All around them children were glued to the screens in front of them, with handsets clutched tightly in their fingers. One of the teachers showed Angelica and her sister to a table, then offered them a range of console systems and video games. Cassandra opted for one of the latest brain challenge titles, but Angelica was quite disappointed when she found out there was nothing at all from the Zombie Exterminator series – or anything else to do with action, warfare or fighting for that matter. In the end she chose a golf simulator completely at random. Both of their selections were noted down on a clipboard by the teacher.
The rest of the morning passed quickly enough, for everyone except Angelica that is. She had regretted her choice almost from the moment it had loaded. She was no great lover of sports in general and the whole concept of golf, and why anyone would want to play it, was utterly incomprehensible to her. In the end she managed to get some amusement when she realised that distant spectators and other golfers could be targeted with particularly skilful shots.
At eleven forty-five the power went dead on the games consoles and screens. Several hundred children groaned in unison and then the headmaster’s voice crackled from the seldom used school tannoy system.
‘I hope you have all enjoyed your various treats and entertainments this morning, each according to his or her particular desires.’
A murmur of agreement echoed around the gym.
‘Good, well now we have a second surprise in store for you. You are all going on an outing – and if you thought this morning was pretty amazing, just wait to see what we’ve got lined up for you this time. Lunch will be supplied on arrival and there’s no need to worry about consent from your parents as this has already been obtained. So could you now all please make your way as quickly as you can to the assembly point in the main playground. That is all.’

~

For the last ten minutes Stewie had been talking too quickly for either of his companions to get a word in.
‘It was unbelievable,’ said Stewie excitedly. ‘There was twenty-seven different types of ice cream.’
‘You told us that already,’ said Angelica wearily.
‘But did I tell you about the seventeen varieties of Max Fizz Cola. I’d never even heard of Power Max Extra Fizzy, Extra Energised before.’
‘Yes.’
‘And what about . . . ’
‘YES!’
‘I don’t know how you two can be so relaxed about all this,’ said Cassandra. ‘That business with Mum and Dad this morning and now the whole school going off together. When have you ever heard of a school trip involving more than thirty or forty pupils at most?’
‘I mean, health and safety regulations wouldn’t allow it for one thing,’ she added, looking round.
Without exception the entire school was now being herded into South Wimbledon Underground station.
‘Allright, so things do look a bit weird at the moment and the grown ups have all gone a bit crazy – but maybe they’re just having a day off or something,’ said Angelica, shrugging her shoulders.
‘Hey, it looks like we’re going into town then,’ said Stewie as they passed under the sign for the London bound platform.
‘Where d’you think they’re taking us?’ said Angelica. ‘It’ll be one of those boring museums I bet.’
‘Who cares where we’re going!’ said Cassandra angrily. ‘Something very strange is going on and we need to do something before it’s too late.’
‘I hope it’s the Natural History Museum,’ said Stewie, ignoring Cassandra. ‘Their chips are awesome, proper big fat ones.’
‘Honestly mate, do you ever stop thinking about your stomach?’ said Angelica.
‘That’s not fair. I’ve just got a healthy appetite – Mum said so.’
They clattered down the last flight of steps and came out onto the platform, where a train was already waiting for them.
‘That’s strange,’ said Angelica. ‘There’s no one on board.’
‘Ha!’ said Cassandra. ‘I told you something was going on.’
‘Must be a school special I suppose,’ said Stewie.
‘Yeah, I guess so,’ said Angelica, who was starting to think that her sister might have a point, but didn’t want to admit it.
In the end it took a typical piece of Angelica logic to resolve the situation.
‘Look, I’m not saying you’re right Caz. I mean, you’re probably wrong. But on the other hand if you’re not wrong, then we won’t be able to do anything about it until whatever it is that’s supposed to be happening has happened, right? And in the meantime, we might as well enjoy the trip.’
Cassandra said she couldn’t decide if her sister’s argument was either the cleverest or the stupidest thing she had ever heard, and whilst she was still puzzling it out the three of them boarded the train.
Taking the lead Angelica found them two double seats together, then they put their school bags on the empty one so that no one else would bother them. A few minutes later the doors closed and the train rattled towards the tunnel at the far end of the platform. They were soon engulfed by the tunnel’s dirty grey walls. Angelica watched as the cables clipped to the sides quickly became a blur, dancing up and down outside the window.
The train rolled through the next station, Collier’s Wood, without stopping, confirming it seemed, Stewie’s theory that it had been specially laid on for their trip. Next came Tooting Broadway, Tooting Bec and Balham, then Claphams South, Common and North, each of which Angelica checked off by glancing up at the map above their heads. Then Stockwell and Oval Cricket Ground went by.
‘Well, wherever we’re going it’s not one of the big museums,’ said Cassandra, as they passed through Kennington, which would have been the logical place to change if they were going to South Kensington.
‘Oh no!’ said Stewie. ‘I bet we’re going to the Tower of London.’
‘What’s so bad about that?’ said Angelica.
‘Soggy little French fries, ugghh!’
No one spoke any more as they passed through the Elephant and Castle station and then Borough. Angelica looked up at the map. Any moment now they would be passing through London Bridge and then stopping at Monument, if what Stewie had said about the Tower of London was right.
‘Whoa, what was that?’ said Angelica, as the train jolted suddenly to the left.
‘Sw-w-w-itch-ch-ch-ing tr-r-r-acks,’ said Stewie, as they passed over several points in the line.
Then, just as suddenly the train started to descend, swung sharply to the right and came to an abrupt halt.
‘What’s out there?’ said Stewie to Angelica.
Angelica turned towards the window.
‘Well, what can you see?’
‘It’s dark.’
‘We know that, brain ache. What else can you see?’
‘Hold on.’
Angelica moved a little closer to the window and spent a few more moments peering into the gloom.’
‘It’s like . . . ’ 
‘Yeah?’
‘Really, really dark. I mean, seriously dark!’
‘Let me have a look,’ said Cassandra impatiently.
Cassandra moved the bags from the seat opposite her sister and cupped her hands to the glass to cut out the reflected light from inside the carriage.
‘We’ve stopped at some kind of platform,’ she said. ‘I can’t see the sign though. No, hold on, there’s something written on the wall. It’s a bit dirty and some of it’s been rubbed out, but it looks like King William Street, yes that’s it.’
‘King William Street, where the hell is that?’ said Stewie.
The three teenagers exchanged puzzled glances. Then Cassandra called across to Mrs Shambley, who was the teacher on duty in their section of the carriage.
‘Excuse me miss, can you tell us what’s happening?’
‘Be quiet topsider!’ the elderly supply teacher replied with surprising fierceness. ‘You will learn your fate soon enough.’
‘It looks like Caz was right then,’ Stewie whispered to the others.
‘I agree,’ said Angelica. ‘I think it’s time to get out of here.’
Angelica rose to her feet and reached for the emergency door release, but recoiled suddenly when a metal bolt embedded itself a few inches from her hand.
‘This is for your own good,’ said Mrs Shambley, loading a fresh bolt into a small handheld crossbow. ‘If you try to run they will only catch you, and then it will be much worse.’
‘Hey look,’ someone called out further along the carriage. ‘Things, moving about outside.’
The three of them turned back towards the window, but just at that moment a row of extremely bright lights came on in their faces.
‘Ah, I see they are ready for you now,’ said Mrs Shambley.
Angelica raised a hand to shield her eyes and tried desperately to make out what was going on outside. She heard the sound of doors opening in the carriage ahead of them and turned back. Children were screaming and complaining, and over them were the harsh voices of teachers barking out orders. Then the doors in their carriage opened.
‘Right, get up all of you, and leave your bags behind,’ Mrs Shambley called out.
They stumbled out onto the platform and joined the other children. By now, some of them were shouting hysterically, some were crying, others were laughing. A girl beside Angelica was saying over and over ‘They just can’t be real, they can’t!’ Lined up along the platform, standing perhaps two feet apart was a row of enormous creatures with monstrous, animal faces.
For a moment nothing seemed to be happening. Then a small number of them came forward and started to single out individual children.
‘It’s all the kids that went to that buffet thing this morning,’ Angelica whispered. ‘All except for Stewie here . . .’
‘Come along please sir,’ said a low, rumbling voice behind them.
Angelica, Cassandra and Stewie turned and saw another of the creatures, towering above them.
‘If the young sir could join the others, we promise he will be well treated.’
In the end Stewie was persuaded not so much by the creature’s polite insistence than the rather vicious looking scimitar in his hand.
‘Ugghh, what are those things?’ said Cassandra, as they watched Stewie being lead away. ‘I’ve never seen anything like them.’
‘The big ones are the trolls,’ Mrs Shambley cut in. ‘Not exactly the brightest of creatures, but trust me, you really don’t want to get on the wrong side of them. Then there’s the bosses, the orcs. Originally, they were a cross between the trolls and our kind. They would say that they have the best of both, but I couldn’t possibly comment on that.’
‘Well whatever you call them, they sure are ugly,’ Angelica replied.
‘In time you will learn to respect the masters, as we have,’ said Mrs Shambley with a hint of defeat in her voice.
‘I don’t understand,’ said Angelica. ‘What are you talking about?’
There was a hiss somewhere around Mrs Shambley’s neck. Her features glazed over. Angelica and Cassandra watched in open mouthed amazement as Mrs Shambley’s head and shoulders tilted back a little at first, then hinged away completely behind her body. A second head appeared, clad in flying helmet and goggles, followed by a small, wiry body.
More hissing. The lab technician, the headmaster and the rest of the staff, all it seemed were doubles, all now were opening up to reveal a smaller passenger inside.
‘They’re machines!’ Angelica exclaimed. 
The thing that had until recently been Mrs Shambley had slumped forward revealing a bank of dials and controls.
One of the orcs, who was slightly better dressed than the others, stepped forward from the ranks.
‘I am Lieutenant Legbone,’ he said in a haughty tone. ‘And you are all guests of his majesty King Gnarblad, supreme commander of the glorious Blood Clan. Now I expect you are wondering what is going to happen to you.’
‘Well, to begin with my friends over here,’ he said, gesturing towards the small group which Stewie had been put in, ‘will be the first to be welcomed into our world. You have been singled out for special attention. You will be treated like royalty and provided with every luxury you desire.’
‘I don’t see what’s so special about them,’ said Angelica. ‘It’s just the . . .’ Angelica paused for a moment as she tried to think of the most diplomatic way to phrase it. ‘Not so thin kids.’
The Lieutenant signalled to his troll guards, who started gently persuading Stewie’s group towards a spiral staircase, which descended from the centre of the platform. At the same time they sang to the children in soft, but also slightly menacing voices:

‘Down into dark-ness, down these cold steps,
to caverns free from light.

Down into dungeons, deep and damp,
to never endin’ night.

You will be first to enter our realm,
honoured guests at the head of the table.

All you require, or merely desire,
whatever you want and we’re able.’

As soon as Stewie and the others had gone, the Lieutenant spoke again. 
‘Those of you being assembled now have been chosen because of your love of fighting and destruction. In our society nothing is valued more highly than the desire to become a warrior and to spill the blood of our enemies.’
Angelica could see straight away exactly what kind of person he meant. The first to be chosen were the Henderson twins, quickly followed by all the other school bully types. Essentially, this was everyone that had attended the action and horror movie session.
‘You will join the ranks of the army and help them to control your school fellows along with many other topsider children that will soon be arriving.’
The guards began to sing once again as the second group was led away:

‘Down into dark-ness, down these cold steps,
to caverns free from light.

Down into dungeons, deep and damp,
to never endin’ night.

You will be next to our secret world,
chosen for strength and for speed.

We know you won’t run from the blood and the fun,
but if you do, we’re behind with a gun.’

The last two to go down were Dirk and Digby, who departed with a smug “Now who’s in charge?” look aimed in Angelica’s direction.
‘And finally we come to you,’ said the Lieutenant to the children that were left.
‘Unfortunately you did not possess the necessary qualities to make it into one of the other two sections. You did, however, show some aptitude for technical matters by your interest in those electronic gaming devices. You will therefore be joining the goblin work crews, where you will receive instructions regarding the building and maintenance of our machinery.’  
The final group was herded together this time with considerably less ceremony, the guards slapping their legs with the flats of their swords and pinching the stragglers with their claws. As they approached the staircase, the song began again:

‘Down into dark-ness, down these cold steps,
to caverns free from light.

Down into dungeons, deep and damp,
to never endin’ night.

You are the last to our hidden lair,
to join puny goblins is your wretched way.

By whip or by stick, or sharpness of claw,
how soon you will learn to obey.’

Just as they were leaving the platform Angelica glanced round one last time. Another train full of children was already arriving and a second rank of guards was lining up to meet them.


Chapter Four

On Remand

No one in their right mind would have questioned the king when he said there was gonna be no loss of power, but the week they shut down the Great Engine, Gurneynutt the Candlemaker was wearing a new rat skin coat.
Gribble the Scribbler

‘Cheer up,’ said Broodangle. ‘It could be a lot worse than this.’
‘How could it be worse?’ said Plopbottle, looking around the tiny, filth-covered cell.
‘We’ve got a bed and a bucket,’ Broodangle replied. ‘In some prisons you don’t even get that. Besides, we’re still in one piece aren’t we?’
‘N-Not for long,’ Plopbottle stammered. ‘N-Nobody ever get out of this place alive.’
‘That’s true,’ said Broodangle. ‘But you’ve got to hand it to the king, he really has done a great job simplifying our justice system.’
‘B-But everything punishable by death now, even d-dropping litter.’
‘Well, it’s harsh but it’s fair. Anyway, whose fault is it we ended up here in the first place?’
‘S-Sorry,’ said Plopbottle, hanging his head. ‘Ploppy mess things up again, P-Ploppy always mess things up.’
‘Hey, don’t worry about it,’ Broodangle consoled him. ‘Besides, you’re forgetting that I have a plan.’
‘You d-do?’
‘Of course! I made a fairly good start in the exercise yard this morning and if I can just make a few more trades, then maybe we’ll have enough to bargain our way to freedom.’
‘Does that mean Ploppy can’t have his boots back?’
‘Well, fair exchange is no robbery as they say,’ Broodangle quipped. ‘You gave me one pair of hobnail boots and I did provide the agreed personal escape kit.’
Plopbottle looked at the sturdy iron door, the solid stone walls and the equally impressive bars in the window, then cast a doubtful eye over the short piece of string, broken stick and rusty nail lying in his lap.
‘And w-what is Ploppy supposed to do with these?’
‘Ah well my friend, if you will turn down the offer of a perfectly good personal escape kit manual.’
‘But it cold in here,’ the tiny goblin protested. ‘Ploppy need other clothes to keep warm.’
‘I must be losing my touch,’ Broodangle sighed to himself. ‘In the old days I would have had the boots and the clothes, and most likely kept the string and possibly the stick as well.’
One of Plopbottle’s ears started to twitch, then he turned and angled his head towards the door.
‘What is it?’ said Broodangle.
Something was happening outside in the corridor. Heavy boots were coming in their direction. Some keys jangled outside and Plopbottle bundled the so-called escape kit away, just as the door was opening.
‘Got any dead?’ a troll prison guard grunted.
The two prisoners did not reply.
‘All right, get up then – it’s time for your food.’
‘And just what is on the menu today?’ said Broodangle.
‘Boiled dung, now get moving!’
They followed the guard out of the cell and as they continued along the corridor, Broodangle caught up with him and placed a hand on his shoulder.
‘My friend, may I ask your name?’
‘Uhhh . . . Grunthar, I think,’ the guard replied.
‘Grunthar, I want you to ask yourself just one question. Are you happy with your footwear?’
‘I dunno, I guess so.’
‘Ah, but would you rather be delighted?’
The colossal troll looked puzzled.
‘Have you ever considered the advantages of a really first rate pair of hand-tailored boots? Granted they may be a trifle snug to begin with.’
By mid-afternoon Broodangle had acquired, by various means, a small cache of goods and valuables  including food, weapons, assorted clothing and armour, and even a small quantity of gold. Broodangle explained to Plopbottle that it was going to take him some time to bribe his way into the governor’s office and that he would have to calculate very carefully just how much of their stock he could afford to part with at each level in the chain of command. The obvious place to start was Grunthar. Fortunately he didn’t seem to remember the incident with the ill-fitting boots, and took very kindly to the offer of a flask of brain fluid soup, which he was very partial to. The sergeant immediately superior to Grunthar was not so easily bought off, however, and wasn’t satisfied until Broodangle had parted with his entire stock of goblin ale and a rather fine set of throwing knives. Then, Captain Stoneface above him took the gold and the two goblins were finally allowed through to the governor. 
The office was furnished with a wide variety of what passed for art in orc society. Mostly these were sculptures and paintings depicting scenes of battle, torture, and, Plopbottle couldn’t help noticing, execution. 
The governor was standing with his back to the room, facing out of its one and only window.
‘I understand that you are not entirely happy with your sentences and have come here to plead for your lives.’ There was a cold satisfaction in the governor’s voice.
‘Yes, ah, that is . . . ’ 
For a moment, Broodangle seemed to be stuck for something to say.
‘My friend,’ he began again. ‘May I ask your name?’
‘Ulrik Deathbringer,’ the governor replied, turning round.
For the first time they could see the governor’s face, the most notable feature of which was the deep scar running through what had once been his left eye.
‘I can see you are an individual with great taste and refinement,’ Broodangle continued, gesturing around the room. ‘Indeed I have seldom seen such a magnificent collection outside the Great Exhibition of Bahara Torr.’
‘You have seen the Great Exhibition?’ said the governor with growing interest.
‘Ah, yes, I have,’ said Broodangle, a little uncertainly. ‘But it was quite a while ago, some years in fact.’
‘Perhaps you and your little friend would care to join me for a drink.’
The governor did not wait for an answer, but moved instead to a side table where he poured out three goblets of bright red liquid. Plopbottle accepted his with a shaking hand and took one small sip to be polite – strong drink didn’t really agree with him. Broodangle drained his in a single gulp.
‘Delicious, fire wine isn’t it?’
‘Yes,’ the governor replied, ‘a rare vintage from my personal storeroom. But tell me more about the Great Exhibition though, it has long been an ambition of mine to visit it.’ 
‘Perhaps, you would be more interested in a few rare items which I have managed to acquire myself,’ said Broodangle, quickly changing the subject.
‘This magnificent artifact for example . . . ’
Broodangle reached into his sack and pulled out a rather tatty looking cloak.
‘. . . was retrieved from the burial chamber of the great chieftain Krahdakk Nastygrip. I would be honoured if you would accept it as a token of friendship.’
‘Very impressive,’ said the governor, examining the cloak. ‘But from what you said may I assume there are further treasures in your bag?’
‘Yes, of course,’ Broodangle reached into the sack once more and withdrew an extremely battered and rusty helmet. ‘This is the very helm worn by Erik the Defiant during his triumphant rebuttal of the northern hordes.’ 
The governor still had a look of expectation on his face. Broodangle dipped his hand into the bag once again.
‘And lastly this finely crafted dagger . . . ’ 
Broodangle held up a half-eaten slice of slime mould pie.
‘This carefully preserved delicacy, I meant to say, was once enjoyed by revellers at the legendary three hundred day feast in the fifth year of the Toothless War Hound.’
‘Splendid, splendid, splendid,’ said the governor. ‘But you do realise of course that I could simply take all these things for myself and have you thrown back in your cell.’
A moment of silence followed. Plopbottle turned to Broodangle, but it was obvious that he had run out of ideas.
The governor let out a hearty laugh.
‘Never let it be said that the governor of the Southeast Quadrant prison does not know how to show his gratitude, or to enjoy the occasional joke for that matter – my apologies by the way.’
‘Uh, that’s all right,’ said Broodangle. ‘So does that mean we can go now?’
The governor took out a bunch of keys from his desk and then unlocked a heavily reinforced door in the wall opposite the window.
‘On the other side of this is a corridor,’ he said. ‘And at the end of the corridor is another door. That door will lead you both to freedom.’
Broodangle and Plopbottle stared at each other for a few moments, then Broodangle led them away. Plopbottle started to mutter something about it having been a bit too easy, but Broodangle just smiled at the governor and quickly shoved the other goblin out of the room. They found themselves in a narrow, dimly lit passageway, at the end of which was the faint outline of the second door about fifty yards ahead of them.
Broodangle continued on, groping his way forward with one hand on either wall and with Plopbottle following close behind. In a few minutes they had reached the door. 
‘Maybe we should check if there’s anyone out there,’ said Broodangle. ‘Go on, your hearing’s better then mine.’
Plopbottle pressed an ear against the wood.
‘Nothing, Ploppy not hear any sounds at all.’
‘That’s odd,’ said Broodangle. ‘If this opens onto the streets outside then there should be some distant noises at least.’
‘Maybe we come out in quiet back alley, be much better for making escape.’
‘Perhaps. Well, there’s only one way to find out.’
Plopbottle stepped aside as Broodangle tried the handle. The door eased open with a slight squeak and the pair of them walked through into some kind of courtyard. They were still beneath the overhang of a wide balcony and so couldn’t tell if they were in the open city yet. Ahead of them in the courtyard Plopbottle noticed two rather plain looking wooden blocks. Then, as the two of them emerged from under the balcony, it was Plopbottle that first realised they were being watched.
‘What is it Ploppy?’ said Broodangle. ‘You’re trembling all over.’
Broodangle turned round. Above them on the balcony was an elevated viewing gallery, which surrounded the courtyard on all sides, and sitting above them in the gallery . . .
‘A most original and amusing performance,’ said the governor, slowly clapping his hands. 
Grunthar, the sergeant, Captain Stoneface, the governor, they were all there plus a few others presumably along for the fun of it.
‘I expect by now you will have realised that we were on to you almost from the start,’ the governor continued. ‘Perhaps, though, you would like to know what it was that particularly gave you away?’
Plopbottle was far too afraid to reply, and Broodangle simply hung his head with a look of wounded pride.
‘No, well I’m going to tell you all the same. To begin with, and as far as any of us are aware, the great chieftain Krahdakk Nastygrip has never actually been an inmate of this prison.’
The governor held up the tattered cloak, revealing a small white patch sewn into the lining.
‘You probably can’t read that from down there,’ said the governor. ‘But you can take it from me that this label has the words Property of Southeast Quadrant prison printed on it.’
‘After that you claimed that this rather dilapidated piece of headgear had once been worn by Erik the Defiant during some kind of conflict with the northern hordes,’ the governor continued, holding up the helmet. ‘It is a little known historical fact, however, that during his reign King Erik distinguished himself only by his total cowardice, and that the title defiant referred only to his refusal to come out of the cupboard whenever any fighting was going on. Finally you paraded some disgusting piece of canteen food, claiming it had been on the menu during a three hundred day feast in the fifth year of the Toothless War Hound. I should inform you that due to administrative errors in the fourth year of the Toothless War Hound, the fifth had to be declared a short year and lasted in fact only two-hundred and seventy-five days.’
‘So I Just slipped up on a couple of minor points then,’ said Broodangle, looking up again.
‘I’m glad you find your current situation so amusing,’ the governor replied. ‘But perhaps you will not be laughing quite so much when you find out what is going to happen to you next.’
‘We get a bit of a telling off then it’s straight back to the cells?’ said Broodangle hopefully.
‘Not exactly,’ said the governor. ‘The answer is quite simple really, they were staring you in the face when you came in.’
The two goblins turned to direction they had been facing when they entered the courtyard
‘Those two blocks over there,’ said Broodangle to Plopbottle. ‘Do they strike you as a little on the bloody side? And what do you suppose those head shaped grooves are for?’
‘Ohhh, n-nooo.’
Plopbottle closed his eyes. His legs were trembling so violently now, it was all he could do to remain standing.
‘I’m promoting you two clowns to the top of the list,’ the governor continued. ‘Unfortunately the executioner is on his lunch break at the moment so we’ll have to wait a little while. Guards, put them in a holding cell for now.’

~

A small hatch in the holding cell’s door provided a perfect view of the execution blocks, and for some reason Broodangle couldn’t seem to keep his eyes away from them.
‘I can’t believe how stupid I was,’ he said. ‘I mean, even that dim-witted guard managed to get the better of me.’
‘And P-Ploppy can’t believe you give up so easy,’ said Plopbottle. What about the w-what’s-its-name, escape kit?’
‘What, oh sorry,’ said Broodangle. ‘That was just another con job I’m afraid. Here, you might as well have the manual as well now, for all the good it’ll do.’
Broodangle took a small scroll from his pocket and tossed it to Plopbottle. Then Plopbottle unrolled it and started to read aloud.
‘Silas Ziggley’s foolproof escape kit.’
‘There’s no such person,’ Broodangle replied.
‘Simple assembly.’
‘That’s true at least.’
‘Escape guaranteed, or your money back.’
‘That’s the whole point. No one ever gets their money back because they all end up, well, where we’re going to be in a moment.’
Plopbottle decided to ignore Broodangle’s off-putting remarks. He took out the escape kit, which he had hidden in his tunic, and in a few minutes had assembled it according to the manual. By now the string and stick had been fashioned into a crude fishing rod, with the rusty nail in place of the usual bait on the end of the line. Then Plopbottle went over to the window to carry out the final part of the instructions, which seemed to depend on the habits of the burrowing iron worm and its insatiable appetite for all things metallic. Outside he could see numerous piles of waste material and broken machinery. Plopbottle guessed that this must be the prison’s rubbish tip.
‘Give it up Ploppy, it’ll never work,’ said Broodangle as Plopbottle began feeding the string out of the window.
‘Shhh,’ said Plopbottle. You scare away wormies.’
Plopbottle waited patiently by the window, whilst Broodangle continued to grumble about his recent failures. However, only a few minutes had passed before he felt something on the end of the line. ‘P-Ploppy got something,’ he said, excitedly.
Plopbottle quickly pulled in the line.
‘See, what did I tell you?’ said Broodangle, as Plopbottle held up a discarded shoe.
‘Hu, Ploppy not give up so easy as that.’
Plopbottle let the line out, waited for a short while, then a few minutes later he was reeling it in again.
‘What is it this time?’ said Broodangle, and then added, ‘Hey, maybe it’s the other shoe, then you won’t have to face the executioner’s block with bare feet at least.’
‘N-no it not that, l-look.’
Plopbottle had deposited the bait plus a few passengers on the window ledge.
‘I don’t believe it,’ said Broodangle. ‘Three, you’ve caught three iron worms!’
‘Quick Ploppy,’ he continued. ‘It’ll only take them a few seconds to eat through the nail. Prop it up against one of the window bars, I’ll keep watch by the door.’
Plopbottle wedged the nail against the leftmost bar and waited for the ravenous creatures to go to work. And waited, and waited.
‘What’s wrong Ploppy, they don’t seem to be doing anything?’
The worms had made quick work of the nail, but for some reason didn’t seem so interested in the bar itself. The nearest one looked round at Plopbottle with a hungry look on its all-mouth-and-teeth face. Plopbottle prodded it with the stick. 
‘Come on wormy, lovely iron bars – munchy, munchy.’
‘Hold on,’ said Broodangle. ‘What’s that, it looks like writing or something?’
Broodangle returned from the door and scraped some of the moss and slime from the window bar.
‘It’s made of marble,’ said Broodangle. ‘And look here, I was right, there is something written on it. Iron . . . worm . . . proof . . . materials . . . Silas Ziggley Incorporated. So he really does exist. I guess he must have got out and then made his business stopping other people from doing the same thing.’
‘And selling escape kits,’ Plopbottle added.
‘Wow, that’s really low even for a goblin. Now why can’t I think of stuff like that?’ said Broodangle, with a hint of regret.
The execution blocks weren’t nearly as comfortable as they had looked. Broodangle complained that his one had given him a crick in the neck and Plopbottle had a splinter right under his chin. The executioner himself was still finishing off his last slice of pie under his black hood. 
‘When you are quite ready!’ said the governor testily.
The executioner cursed to himself, muttering that if there was one thing he hated it was being hurried. He finished off the pie, then raised his axe unenthusiastically above his head.
Plopbottle could see executioner’s feet, but from where he was standing he couldn’t be sure which one of them would be first to get the chop. He managed to turn a little in Broodangle’s direction, which wasn’t easy with his hands tied behind his back.
‘Before he go, Ploppy just wanted to thank you,’ he said.
With some difficulty Broodangle swivelled his head round as far as he could in his block.
‘No one ever do anything nice for Ploppy before like trying to save his life.’
‘Thanks Ploppy, you don’t know what that means to me,’ said Broodangle.
‘Executioner stand ready,’ the governor called out, then added, ‘Do either of you have anything to say?’
‘I do have a final request, if you don’t mind,’ Broodangle piped up.
‘Sorry, we don’t do requests.’
‘Damn,’ said Broodangle. ‘That’s blown my, just a little off the back and a light trim down the sides joke.’
‘All right, you can chop their heads off now,’ said the governor coldly.
Broodangle braced himself, tightening his grip on the execution block with a look of trepidation on his face. But Plopbottle, however, suddenly felt strangely calm. In his own mind he was away on the dance floor once again, performing his disco moves – he wanted his last thoughts to be happy ones.
The executioner out let a slight grunt. Evidently the axe was about to fall on one of the two companions.
‘Hold on,’ said a voice they hadn’t heard before. ‘An urgent message has just come through from the royal office.’ 
‘Very well,’ said the governor impatiently. ‘But make it quick, I’m supposed to be having my claws trimmed in fifteen minutes.’

The message was read out as follows:

His ruthless majesty King Gnarblad the Twenty-Second, that’s Razorclaws to you scum! has decided that the boundaries of his kingdom are too confining. His dazzling intellect has given birth to a visionary plan to broaden our nation into new uncharted realms, and to deliver a hammer blow to our enemies at the same time. To this end it has been decreed that all crews currently working in the Southeast, Southwest and Central Quadrants will assist in the immediate deconstruction of the Great Engine and the integration of its parts into a new and even greater machine. Work crews will be supplemented by any prisoners currently on remand, who are to be granted temporary pardons. They will also be joined by additional labour from a new source. In the interest of efficiency could anyone that does not agree with these decisions please cut off their own ears and send them through the internal post. 

Thank you for your cooperation. 
Chancellor Griswold

The axe fell with a thud into the block, right next to Plopbottle’s left ear.
‘Well, it looks like I’m out of a job now dunnit,’ said the executioner gloomily.

~

‘I’m so sorry Ploppy, I really am,’ said Broodangle sympathetically.
Following their release they had returned to Plopbottle’s old workplace, where work on the deconstruction of the Great Engine had already begun. And now they were looking up at a missing section, which by Plopbottle’s reckoning had once housed his secret hiding place and all his treasured possessions.
‘All P-Poppy’s stuffs,’ he mumbled. ‘All those things, all g-gone.’
‘Don’t worry mate, you’re alive aren’t you, and that’s all that matters in the end right?’
‘B-But you not understand, th-those things was all Ploppy had. And when he was in his place, he feel safe, protected. Where P-Ploppy feel safe now?’
‘Come on,’ said Broodangle, putting a comforting hand on Plopbottle’s shoulder. ‘It’s time to go.’
The two of them started to leave, then Plopbottle turned back for one last look.
‘Goodbye M-Mister Smokey,’ he said, fighting back the tears.


Chapter Five

Breakfast At Grimley’s

The elevator juddered to a halt. A flimsy chain, which for the last few minutes had prevented the children on the open side from slamming into the rock face in front of them, was unhooked and drawn aside. Despite a great deal of jostling and panic amongst their schoolmates, Angelica and Cassandra had somehow managed to stay together and were now in the last batch of Norbury Park children to come down.
‘This one is gonna be trouble I think,’ said a slow voice.
Angelica felt the hilt of a guard’s sword being pushed into the small of her back.
‘Always laggin’ behind and giving us the evil eye, the others are too feared to even look at us.’ 
Angelica turned round and gave the troll a cold stare. She was afraid, but she was damned if she was going to show it.
The guard turned the tip of his sword in Angelica’s direction.
‘I say we finish her now,’ he said in the cold, businesslike tone of someone who had already killed many times before. ‘Make an example of her to the others.’
‘I don’t think we’re allowed to kill ’em Sarge,’ said another guard. ‘The lieutenant said we weren’t allowed to stab ‘em or break their skulls and stuff like that, unless we really had to.’
The sergeant sheathed his sword with a derisive sneer.
‘I can still hit them right?’ he said, cuffing Angelica across the temple with an armoured glove.
Cassandra’s lips began to tremble.
‘Y-You can’t do that to my sister,’ said Cassandra, squaring up to the sergeant’s chest.
‘This one has guts too eh Sarge?’
‘Yerr, I wonder what they taste like,’ said the sergeant with a cruel laugh.
The second guard joined in along with several others. Angelica ground a clenched fist into her thigh. She didn’t like the idea of them being laughed at, but on the other hand this had diffused a dangerous situation.
‘You were lucky to catch the Sarge in a good mood,’ said the second guard. ‘You better leave now while you still can.’
Reluctantly Angelica did as she was told, leaving the elevator with a still enraged sister in tow. A large iron gate was closed and locked behind them, and the children were led through a seemingly endless labyrinth of tunnels. Eventually, however, they arrived in a low ceilinged room lit by a single spluttering torch. Along the sides of each wall were two rows of what Angelica took initially to be some kind of torture devices.
‘This is where you will sleep,’ said the sergeant. ‘And those are your beds.’
‘B-Beds, but w-what are the chains for?’ said a very nervous curly-haired boy.
‘Those are for your protection. Caves are very dangerous. We don’t want you wandering off in the night and getting hurt. Anyway, we is leavin’ soon so you must choose where you want to sleep and lie down.’
‘But it’s only half past two in the afternoon,’ said the boy, glancing at his watch.
The sergeant lifted up the boys arm then broke the watchstrap with a snap of his claws.
‘Down here we will say when it is time to sleep and when it is time to get up again,’ he said, grinding the watch under the heel of his boot.
‘Search the others,’ he shouted. ‘I want all the little clocks found and smashed.’
‘And the topsider communication devices as well,’ he added. ‘They won’t work down here but we’ve been ordered to destroy them as well.’
Angelica and Cassandra surrendered their phones to the nearest guard. Then, as soon as the last of the watches and phones had been destroyed, the children were manacled one by one to their beds. At the same time a chorus of gravelly troll voices echoed softly around the room, the overall effect being something like the grand final in a pebble gargling song contest:

‘Sleep tight little top-siders,
close your eyes and dream of home,

for tomorrow we will work you,
work your little fingers to the bone.

Work hard, do your duties,
and your treatment will be fair,

but if you cross us, if you trick us,
just be careful, just beware.

When your mummy and your daddy,
told you not to fear the night,

they were lying, they were lying,
we will come for you all right!’

The guards took away the torch and bolted the door. From the darkness, Angelica could hear hushed sobbing and the occasional whisper coming from the other children, and over them all, the nervous boy was urging everyone to be quiet before the monsters came back to get them.
Angelica tried to settle down, but quickly realised how uncomfortable it can be on a hard surface when you can’t even roll over onto your side. It was then that she also realised quite how hungry she was.
‘Hey, we were supposed to get lunch when we got here,’ she said out loud.
‘Shhhhh!’ be quiet or they’ll hear us!’ the boy hissed in reply. 

~

Dawn, according to the new underground timetable, came just as Angelica had managed to put the thought of anchovy and pineapple pizzas out of her mind, and was starting to fall asleep. The sound of a hammer beating rapidly on a metal sheet echoed around the sleeping chamber. The effect was somewhat like thunder, only perhaps a little louder in the enclosed space.
‘Just give me five more minutes Mum,’ said Angelica, forgetting where she was for a moment.
‘Wake up slime-bags, it’s time to get moving.’
Angelica didn’t recognise the voice at first. Also the torch had just been replaced and she was still having difficulty adjusting to the light. She felt her leg irons being unlocked.
‘That means you as well.’
Angelica squinted at the face above her. The low forehead, the eyes set close together giving a slightly demented look and beneath that the unmistakable square-set jaw. Yes, it was Digby Henderson. Looking down she could see also that Digby was dressed in the same tunic as the guards. This was a dull grey garment studded with iron buttons and with a blood-red gauntlet as an emblem in the centre. 
‘Hey, look who it is Dirk!’ Digby called out.
Angelica turned round and saw the other twin swaggering towards her with a small group of boys. All of them were dressed in the same uniform.
‘Well, well, well, what have we got here?’ said Dirk.
‘It’s that girl you don’t like,’ said a boy in an ill-fitting uniform.
‘I know who it is idiot!’ Dirk snapped.
Dirk paused for a moment as he studied Angelica’s clothes and makeup.
‘My, my, what do you look like?’ 
‘Yeh, she looks more of a state than she did the other day,’ said Digby. ‘And look, she’s got one of those stupid Zombie Chainsaw T-shirts on as well.’
Angelica waited, listening patiently to the insults. Then finally, she could hardly believe it, the idiot brother had already unfastened her legs and now he was actually unlocking her arms. She swung her body round, with her fist tightly clenched and aimed directly for Digby’s smug grin.
A sharp pain ran down her back then down her arms and legs, and into the tips of her fingers and toes. Angelica reeled a little then put out a hand to steady herself against one of the beds.
‘Pretty neat eh? They’re called neural whips.’
She turned and saw Dirk, who must have circled round behind her. He was holding a metallic rod, out of which a number of glowing orange strands were trailing.
Angelica was about to raise her fist again.
‘Not so fast,’ said Dirk, putting up his hand.
‘They say that if I hit you with this again it’ll knock you out cold.’
‘And if I turn the switch like this,’ a noticeable hum was now coming from the rod, ‘it could even kill you.’
Angelica considered for a moment whether her kick would be fast enough to knock the whip from Dirk’s hand before he could use it. But then she heard a second humming sound. His brother had evidently turned on his whip and also switched it to the danger setting.
‘Don’t Ange, it’s not worth it.’ 
It was Cassandra, who was still chained to the adjacent bed.
Angelica had to admit she was beaten. She sat down on the bed and bent her head in submission. A look of triumph spread across Dirk’s face.
‘You see what a good little girlie you can be when you want to,’ said Dirk patronisingly. ‘Now that wasn’t so difficult was it?’
This produced a round of sycophantic laughter from the other uniformed boys.
Dirk turned to address the remaining children in the chamber.
‘Okay you lot, make sure you’re listening because I don’t want to repeat myself. We have been assigned as the security for this work detail. It’s our job to get you to and from the work zones and to make sure you do what you’re told. There are no teachers or parents down here, so the normal rules don’t apply any more. We’re in charge now, and this skull on my arm means I’m the boss overall.’
‘But I thought the orcs were the bosses,’ said the boy in the ill-fitting uniform.
‘Do you want to join these slobs Jenkins?’
The boy shook his head.
‘Anyone who cannot understand these basic concepts,’ Dirk continued. ‘Anyone who steps out of line or tries to run away will get what she got, is that clear?’
A murmur of agreement came from the other children and Dirk seemed satisfied that his instructions had been understood. Then, when else everyone had been unchained from their beds, they were marched through the doorway and into the corridor, where several other groups from their school had already been assembled.
The cellblock where they had spent the night was linked to the canteen by a series of connecting chambers, followed by another perilous descent in one of the service elevators. It was half an hour later and smell of cooking had just reminded Angelica quite how hungry she was.
‘Mmm, I’m starving,’ she said. ‘I wonder what’s for breakfast.’
She and her sister joined a queue of other children. Then, at a badly written sign which read WELL-KOM TO GRIMLEYS – PLEEZE TAKE ONE”, they both collected a tray and continued until they had reached a wide vat filled with a mushy, insipid-grey substance.
‘Ah, what is this exactly?’ said Angelica to a cook who had a serving ladle where one of his hands should have been.
‘Fings what was feedin’ on yesterday’s leftovers heated up,’ the cook replied, doling out a generous portion onto each of their trays.
Realising that this was all they were going to get, Angelica led her sister to a remote corner of the canteen where they sat down at one of the communal tables. Dirk and Digby were keeping watch from another table nearer the centre, laughing and joking with their Norbury Park cronies and a handful of troll guards, but weren’t eating themselves.
‘Look at them,’ said Cassandra. ‘Don’t they realise they’re trapped down here the same as the rest of us.’
Angelica broke off from a cautious investigation of the grey mound on her tray.
‘You’re joking right?’ she said. ‘They’re loving every minute of this.’
‘I guess you’re right,’ Cassandra replied. ‘Give your basic bully type an ounce of power and it goes straight to their heads.’
‘Yeah, and you can bet they didn’t spend last night chained to a rock hard bed with no blankets.’
‘I wonder what they had for breakfast? It must have been a sight better than this rubbish or they wouldn’t be laughing so . . . ugghh, Angelica how could you?’
‘What?’ said Angelica, putting another forkful of the grey mush into her mouth.
‘It’s disgusting.’
‘I’m hungry. Anyway, it’s not so bad once you get used to it. Tastes a bit like anchovies, only a bit more chewy, and anchovies don’t wriggle about so much . . . well, not the ones you get on pizzas anyway.’
‘You’re doing this on purpose aren’t you?’
‘Doing what?’ said Angelica, allowing some of the food to dangle from her mouth as she spoke.
‘You know I’ve got a delicate stomach. You’re deliberately trying to make me feel sick.’
‘I’m just trying to be practical. We’ve got to keep our strength up, who knows how long we’ll be down here. Go on Caz, why don’t you try some.’
‘But, it’s still alive!’
‘Well, you’ll have to eat something.’
‘No, I’m sorry, I just can’t,’ said Cassandra, pushing her food away.
‘Maybe you need something to wash it down with.’
Angelica poured out a mug of dirty brown water from the jug on the table and was about to hand it to her sister when she felt something tugging at the sleeve of her jacket.
‘Excuse please, c-can us join you?’
‘Who, or what . . . ?’
Angelica glanced down and saw the most curious creature staring back up at her. Two large bespectacled eyes looked out over an elongated face, with a slightly pathetic but at the same time strangely endearing smile beneath this.
‘P-Ploppy, th-that is m-me, that is we . . . ’
‘His full name is Plopbottle. He spent a lot of time working on his own in pipes and ducts, I think he went a bit strange.’
The second one was taller than his companion.
‘My name is Broodangle,’ he said. ‘And to answer your question, we are goblins.’
‘Goblins?’ said Cassandra. ‘Oh yes, of course. Like the ones who were in those machines when they brought us down here.’
‘Ah yes the new infiltrators, convincing aren’t they?’ said Broodangle.
‘Well, they were okay I guess.’
‘Don’t listen to her,’ said Angelica. ‘She totally fell for it, we all did.’
‘I did not fall for it,’ said Cassandra, indignantly. ‘Who was the one who wanted to get help at school and who was it that kept insisting something strange was going on?’
‘So you must be the new volunteers from the surface,’ Broodangle continued.
‘Volunteers my foot,’ said Cassandra. ‘We were kidnapped!’
‘My apologies to you miss, ah  . . . ’
‘Her name’s Cassandra,’ said Angelica. ‘But if you call her Cazza or Caz the Wazz her teeth go all clenched, yeah just like that. And I’m Ange, well it’s Angelica really but no one calls me that any more, except her that is.’
‘Well whatever you names are you’re in good company,’ Broodangle replied. ‘Ploppy and me aren’t exactly here by choice either.’
Suddenly, Plopbottle’s eyes lit up.
‘They is from the surface?’
‘Yes Ploppy, they’re with the new labour force remember?’
‘Does they know Johnny Marino? You know, dance fever, dance fev-errr . . . ’
Plopbottle put down his food and started to wiggle his hips.
‘ . . . shakey, shakey, mover . . . ’
‘I’m sorry about my friend,’ said Broodangle. ‘Someone forced him to do it a couple of days back and since then he seems to have gotten a taste for it.’ Broodangle turned to his friend and continued, ‘Now come on Ploppy, you don’t want to get us arrested again do you?’
‘I don’t understand,’ said Angelica. ‘Disco dancing is illegal?’
‘All topsider culture is outlawed. Our leaders say that you are weak and decadent, and that your foolish ways would corrupt the warrior spirit.’
‘And what do you say?’
‘I’m a goods merchant not a warrior.’
‘Con merchant more like,’ Plopbottle interjected, mid disco shuffle.
At this point Plopbottle leapt onto the table and then continued his routine, dancing nimbly between the trays and the cutlery.
‘Is there any we can do?’ Angelica whispered to Broodangle. ‘People are starting to stare at us.’
‘Well, he’ll usually go on like this till he’s done every number from that topsider vid-pic he likes so much.’
‘Disco Night Fever!’ Plopbottle called out.
‘That’s right. You see he gets a little overexcited sometimes, and when he’s like this he usually only stops when he’s tired or he’s hungry.’
‘Well he can have my food if he wants, I can’t stand the stuff,’ said Cassandra, pushing her tray in Plopbottle’s direction.
‘Noooooooo,’ said Plopbottle, burying his face in his hands.
‘I’m sorry,’ said Cassandra. ‘I’m sure it’s not that bad, really.’
‘You don’t understand,’ said Broodangle. ‘He doesn’t like it any more than you do.’
‘Oh, I see.’
‘You don’t have any topsider food do you, that’s all he’s been eating recently.’
‘Would I be eating this stuff if we had human food?’
‘Good point,’ said Broodangle. 
Broodangle paused for a moment, scratching his chin with the end of one of his claws.
‘In that case I might have a business proposition for you,’ he said. ‘A small indemnity you might call it against certain unfortunate possibilities in the future.’
‘What do you mean?’ said Cassandra.
‘I get first rights to your teeth and your hair in the event of your deaths.’
‘But what would anyone want with our teeth and hair?’ Cassandra interjected.
‘Well, there are some very strange folk down here,’ said Broodangle. ‘And some of them would pay good money for a topsider wig, or a set of replacement teeth.’
‘Ah yes,’ said Plopbottle, brightly. ‘With Johnny Marino perm and Johnny Marino smile, just think what Ploppy could become.’
‘I see what you mean,’ said Angelica.

~

‘Are we still underground?’ said Angelica, raising a hand to shield her face. ‘It’s so bright up there it’s hard to tell.’
‘The ceilings in these big caverns are filled with arc lights,’ said Broodangle. ‘But you shouldn’t stare at them for too long, you’ll hurt your eyes.’
All the Norbury Park children, plus a similar number of goblin engineers and ex-convicts, had been marched through to a vast empty cavern and quickly assembled into teams of about fifty. All that is except for one small group. Whilst others were now being marshalled into columns by a fearsome overseer, Angelica, Cassandra, Plopbottle, Broodangle and a handful of other goblins seemed to have been forgotten about. Angelica was about to ask what was going on, when a thundering voice echoed from a nearby passageway.
‘Line this rabble up!’
‘N-N-Noooo, n-not him again,’ said Plopbottle, ducking behind Angelica’s legs.
An imposing figure strode into view. Someone who although a little shorter than the other orcs, was exceptionally broad. In fact he was almost as wide as he was tall.
‘Who is he?’ Angelica whispered.
‘G-Growler,’ Plopbottle stammered. ‘T-Toughest b-boss in B-Blood Clan.’
‘Yeah, and look who he’s with,’ Angelica added with disgust.
Directly behind the superintendent, they hadn’t noticed at first due to his extreme girth, were Dirk and Digby Henderson.
‘You heard the man, line up properly and straighten yourselves up or you’ll get a taste of this,’ said Dirk, taping the neural whip on his belt.
An irregular line formed up, with Angelica, Cassandra, and their new goblin friends in the centre.
‘That’s better,’ said the superintendent, moving to one end of the line.
‘I can’t tell you how happy it makes me to see my old friends from squad ninety-nine again. Well, those of you that are still left that is.’
‘Promotion didn’t go through then eh boss?’ Norrin chirped up.
‘Zip it Halfbottom, unless you want your other buttock sliced off!’
‘Ah, Nuglugg, isn’t it?’ he said, passing the first squad member. ‘How’s that new brain of yours holding out?’
‘Bzzzzzt, replacement cognitive unit functioning one hundred percent thank you sir,’ said Nuglugg in a robotic tone. 
‘And Norrin, still as impudent as ever I see.’
‘Sorry boss,’ said Norrin, staring at his feet.
The superintendent continued until he got to Angelica and Cassandra, then gestured for the twins to join him.
‘I see we have a few new arrivals, are these the two troublemakers you spoke of’
‘Yes sir,’ said Dirk. ‘As you can see by her appearance, this one has no sense of discipline or respect for authority. And this one is her little sister, she needs to be watched as well.’
‘Tut, tut,’ said the superintendent. ‘And what’s this?  The young topsider appears to be hiding another old friend of mine. Why don’t you come out from there Sloppy, I won’t hurt you . . . much.’
‘Why don’t you pick on someone who can actually fight back,’ said Broodangle, stepping forward.
‘Who’s he?’ said the superintendent.
‘That’s one of the prisoners sir,’ said Dirk. ‘A convicted con merchant, but he does have some combat training as well. Do you want me to call the guards and have him sent back for execution?’
‘Now where would the fun in that be,’ said the superintendent. ‘When there are so many far more amusing ways to die around here. Talking of which, I believe they have something lined up for the squad already.’

~

‘It’s incredible,’ said Cassandra. ‘Simply incredible.’
They had entered a side chamber where work had begun on an additional access tunnel for the main site. At the centre of the chamber a huge burrowing machine stood apparently abandoned, with its cutting disk still embedded in the granite wall. 
‘It must get through a lot of rock when it’s going,’ said Angelica.
‘Ten thousand gnunks per hour on good days,’ Plopbottle replied.
‘Right.’
Angelica nodded appreciatively even though she had no idea how much that was. 
‘But what happens to everything that’s been excavated?’ said Cassandra.
‘Loose stones get taken away on conveyor,’ Plopbottle continued. ‘Then everything go by train to depot at bottom of sea and get pushed out through airlock.’
‘You’re kidding,’ said Cassandra. ‘But wouldn’t that would mean . . .’
‘We’ve been doing it for some years now,’ said Broodangle. ‘But I believe someone already came up with a plan to cover our activities. Many of your top scientists have already been replaced by our infiltrators. I think the idea was to convince you all that the rising sea levels were really caused by, what did they come up with again . . . global heating or something like that.’
‘Hey, stop yapping you lot, it’s giving me a headache,’ said Dirk, who was at the head of the work detail with his brother Digby.
The eight strong team, which also included Nuglugg and Norrin, passed under the cutting disc, continued beside the barbed tracks used to drive the machine forward, then climbed a short ladder to a balcony level at the rear.
‘So what’s supposed to be wrong with this thing?’ said Digby. 
‘L-Lightning bugs in l-letrics,’ Plopbottle relied.
A look of vacant concentration appeared on Digby’s face. 
‘Hey, these lightning whatsits, they’re not dangerous are th . . . ’
But before Digby could finish his sentence, a dazzling ball of energy skimmed the top of his head and exploded somewhere behind them. Everyone else had ducked down, but Dirk had thrown himself flat out on the floor. Digby helped his brother to his feet and brushed some of the dirt from his uniform. 
‘Yeh, well, you lot seem to know what you’re doing now so why don’t you go on ahead,’ said Dirk. ‘Me and Digby will be, ah, setting set up a command post, in those rocks over there.’
‘What, those rocks just there?’ said Broodangle, staring into the middle distance.
‘No, the ones a bit further back.’
‘The ones right over on the other side of the cave you mean?’
‘Yeah, those are the ones.’
Dirk and Digby disappeared quickly down the ladder. Then the remaining squad ninety-nine members passed through a nearby service hatch and entered the machine itself. The two children followed the goblins, both bent over double and keeping a watchful eye out for further trouble from above.
‘Well, it looks all right in here as well,’ said Angelica, as they arrived in the deserted control room.
‘S-Sorry, Ploppy forgot to say? One outside must have been lost. Lightning bugs usually head for b-biggest power source, so no need keep head down till we get near generator.’
Feeling slightly foolish, Angelica straightened up.
‘And where is that exactly?’ she said.
Plopbottle led them through to a viewing gallery, which overlooked the control room below them.
‘Is that it? It just looks like a rusty old engine with some sort of motor attached.’
‘That the generator,’ said Plopbottle. ‘It make letrics for all systems on burrowing engine.’
‘And those must be the lightning bugs,’ Angelica added, spotting the numerous bright dots weaving around above the generator. 
‘So how do we get rid of them?’ said Cassandra.
‘Simple,’ said Plopbottle. ‘Lightning bugs live on letrics. Switch off letrics and bugs go away.’
The other squad members joined them on the viewing gallery.
‘It’s no good,’ said Broodangle. ‘We couldn’t shut it down.’
‘Did you try big red buttons?’ said Plopbottle. ‘They usually turn things off.’
‘We pushed all the buttons,’ said Broodangle. ‘Nothing’s working, the bugs must have fused the control circuits.
‘So what do we do now?’ said Angelica.
‘Someone will have to go down and disengage the generator manually, said Broodangle. ‘We’ll play cloth, dagger, rock, grenade to decide who goes.’
‘What’s that then?’
Broodangle was midway through an explanation of a game very similar to paper, scissors, stone, when he was interrupted by a determined voice.
‘Bzzzzzt, no. Bzzzzzt, cannot allow,’ said Nuglugg. ‘Bzzzzzt, Norrin could be chosen again. Bzzzzzt, could receive further injuries.’
‘We’ve both been injured before pal,’ said Norrin. ‘You lost a brain and I lost a b . . . well, I don’t like to talk about it actually.’
Norrin shifted uncomfortably and turned his back towards the wall.
‘Bzzzzzt, no, Nuglugg must insist. It is Nuglugg’s turn this time.’
‘Alright,’ said Angelica, ‘But I’m going too. You’ll need someone to keep an eye out for those things down there.’ 

~

‘Is you d-down yet?’ said a crackly voice in Angelica’s ear.
‘Hello . . .’ Angelica tapped the microphone under her chin a couple of times. ‘Hello, yes we’ve just reached the bottom of the ladder.’
‘Can you see generator yet?’ Plopbottle continued.
‘Nuglugg went on ahead of me, hold on while I catch up.’
Angelica found him crouching behind some oil drums, not far from the generator. Overhead she could see the lightning bugs much more clearly now, swirling above the machinery with sparks flying in all directions.
‘Bzzzzzt, Nuglugg said to stay back. It is not safe this close to the bugs.’
‘Hey, I said I was going watch your back didn’t I?’ said Angelica, and added, ‘Besides, how bad could it be out there? I mean, all we’ve got to do is keep our heads down, do a quick charge in and then hit the off button.’
‘Sorry, didn’t Ploppy say? M-Manual say shutdown not so simple on this model,’ said Plopbottle, who had obviously heard their conversation.
Angelica heard the sound of rustling pages in her earpiece.
‘Ah, yes, here it is.’
‘First you go to hatch at back of generator – should be right ahead of you.’
Angelica relayed the instructions to Nuglugg, then the two of them set off in the direction Plopbottle had indicated.
‘This must be it I guess,’ said Angelica, as they arrived at a small recessed panel.
‘We’re here Ploppy,’ she added. ‘What do we do now?’
‘Unscrew cover, there should be bolt on each corner.’
Nuglugg extracted a couple of spanners from his tool belt and they started to work on the bolts on either side of the cover.
‘It fits alright,’ said Angelica. ‘But I can’t seem to . . . ugghh . . . no, I definitely can’t budge it.’
Nuglugg did a reverse spin with his finger and she realised she was turning it the wrong way.
‘Yes,’ she grunted. ‘It’s coming now.’
The bolt started to turn, slowly at first, but after the first few revolutions Angelica was able to finish it off by hand. She let the bolt fall to the floor then started on the next one. Finally, when all four bolts had been removed they eased the cover from its housing and placed it beside the discarded bolts.
‘What on earth!’ Angelica exclaimed.
The panel interior was a bewildering array of flashing lights and weird symbols.
‘When cover removed push button marked Hakk-Knash-Rakkar-Nakkto,’ said Plopbottle.
‘What?’
‘It look bit like cave hound being smashed with big hammer.’
‘Oh . . . yes, I think I’ve got it.’
Angelica pressed the button she decided best matched the description.
‘What would happen if I pushed the wrong one,’ she added as an afterthought.
‘Very bad,’ said Plopbottle. ‘Could start overload, blow up generator, fuel tanks and all of burrowing engine as well.’
‘Maybe you better take it from here Nuglugg,’ said Angelica, stepping away from the panel.
In a short while Nuglugg had completed the procedure, with Angelica relaying Plopbottle’s instructions.
‘But it’s still going,’ said Angelica. ‘Ploppy, what’s happening, I thought this was going to shut it down.’
The generator’s drone dropped noticeably in pitch, but had not been altogether silenced.
Plopbottle explained that they still had to shut down the main power coupling.
‘So where’s that then?’ said Angelica.
‘C-Control for m-main coupling is on t-t, on t-to . . .’
‘What’s wrong Ploppy? You’ve suddenly gone very stuttery.’
‘Bzzzzzt, I think he means up there.’
Nuglugg was pointing upwards.
‘What, you mean on top of the generator?’
Nuglugg nodded.
‘But that’s right in the middle of all those bugs!’
They agreed they would have to stay out of the open as much as possible. Nuglugg went first, making a speedy ascent of a nearby ladder and was closely followed by Angelica. Then the two of them spread themselves out flat on top of the generator. Beneath her Angelica could feel the rumble of machinery, whilst overhead a maelstrom of electrically charged creatures buzzed and crackled.
‘There’s hundreds of them,’ said Angelica. ‘We’re never going to make it.’
‘Bzzzzzt, we are nearly there now. Bzzzzzt, just try to stay low and follow me.’
Nuglugg’s voice was barely audible above the noise.
As they crawled through a forest of electrical coils Angelica didn’t dare to look up any more, but each time one of the bugs came near she felt a warm tingle of power running across her spine.
‘Bzzzzzt, this is it,’ said Nuglugg.
They had reached a clearing in the coils, which had another recessed panel at its centre.
‘Bzzzzzt, I will start on the cover,’ said Nuglugg. ‘Bzzzzzt, you contact Plopbottle again, ask for further instructions.’
Angelica passed on the message then listened with some difficulty to the reply, clamping her hands over her headphones when Plopbottle’s voice became too faint to hear.
‘Yes, right, I think I’ve got it now.’ 
Angelica crawled over to Nuglugg, who had just finished opening the panel.
‘The shutdown on this one should be a lot easier,’ she called out. ‘He said something about a big red lever, said you couldn’t miss it.’
Bzzzzzt, okay, I can see it.’
Nuglugg reached down and grabbed the lever, but after a some minutes of frantic tugging and a few well chosen robotic curses, he said, ‘Bzzzzzt, don’t just stand there. Bzzzzzt, give me a hand.’
Angelica placed her hands just below Nuglugg’s and the two of them started to pull together.
‘Uh, Nuglugg. One of the bugs is getting quite close now,’ said Angelica looking round. ‘Very, close in fact!’
Angelica prepared to duck as one of the lightning bugs buzzed towards them, but just at that moment the lever gave way and the pair of them fell backwards. The lightning bug flashed briefly as it passed within a few inches of her right ear and then fizzled into an explosion of sparks in one of the nearby electrical coils.
‘Phew, that was close eh Nuglugg . . . Nuglugg?’

~

‘Speak to me pal, speak to me.’
All eyes turned to Norrin, who was bending over his unconscious friend.
‘No, it’s no good. That last bug you saw must have burned his cognitive circuits.’
‘Burned out his what?’ said Dirk tactlessly. 
Dirk and his brother had appeared just as they had struggled into the control room with Nuglugg and were laying him on a table.
‘His circuits. His brain is electric, he had an accident and they had to replace it.’
A shudder ran through Nuglugg’s body. He blinked a few times and then looked at Norrin.
‘Bzzzzzt, I need a number four spanner, would you pass me one please,’ he said mechanically.
Norrin helped his friend into a sitting position.
‘Nuglugg, are you all right? Say something else.’
‘I need a number four spanner, would you pass me one please,’ Nuglugg repeated.
‘Give him a whack,’ suggested Plopbottle. ‘That fix most things.’
‘I, I, I . . . ’
Norrin gave his friend a few hard slaps.
‘ . . . need a number four spanner, would you pass me one please.’
‘His speech relay have must been completely short circuited,’ Norrin explained. ‘It’s the circuit that allows him to select which phrase he wants to say.’
‘But it’s nothing really serious is it?’ said Dirk. ‘I mean, he’ll be all right won’t he?’
‘Your concerns are so touching topsider. Are you worried that getting one us hurt on the first day might get you into trouble?’ said Norrin, spitting out his words.
Norrin and Broodangle lifted Nuglugg to his feet, and between them they walked him up and down a couple of times until he was able to move about on his own.

~

That evening, chained to her bed, Angelica’s thoughts turned for the first time to the possibility of escape. This world was just too dangerous.  She and Caz would have to get out somehow, and then find help for the others as well. She tried to slip her hands out of the manacles. First the right one, then the left, but it was no good. Both had been clamped down quite securely. And then she thought about the cell door, bolted from the outside. It didn’t take her long to realise they were going to need help.


Chapter Six

Escape Plans

‘Fings what was feedin’ on fings what was feedin’ on leftovers,’ was the next morning’s perhaps unsurprising breakfast option. Angelica didn’t think it looked so bad until Broodangle pointed out that the lumps in the pastry were caused by the giant cave slugs, which had been baked alive inside the pie.
‘Oh yeah,’ she said. ‘Look, you can see the little feelers poking through on this one.’
Cassandra had pushed her slice away in disgust almost as soon as they sat down.
‘I take it then that you wish to take advantage of my proposition?’ said Broodangle, rubbing his long bony fingers together. ‘Your hair is in good condition, it should fetch a fair price in the wig makers market – and your sister’s may earn something with the brush makers.’
‘Hey,’ said Angelica. ‘My hair’s no worse than the weird things hanging off the back of your head.’
‘Green hair is greatly prized in our world as it happens.’ Broodangle gave his dreadlocks a reassuring pat as he said this. ‘Yes, selling these has helped me out in many a lean period.’
‘Well, whatever, but I might have a proposal of my own in any case,’ said Angelica. ‘Me a Caz have decided we’re going to break out of here and you can come too if you help us.’
‘Sorry, did I miss that conversation?’ said Cassandra.
Angelica gave her sister a sharp kick under the table and continued.
‘As I said, Caz and me have been talking. It’s just too dangerous to hang around this place much longer and by the sound of it you’re no better off than we are.’
‘We is going to the surface?’ said Plopbottle excitedly. ‘Where Johnny Marino live and everyone happy and singing songs and dancing.’
‘No Ploppy, I told you before, it’s not really like that,’ Broodangle tried to tell his friend.
But Plopbottle had already closed his eyes and was waving his head in time with some imaginary music.
‘I’m sorry about this,’ said Broodangle. ‘He thinks everything up there is like those stupid films he watches. It’s my own fault really. Some time last year I traded a job lot of military supplies for what I thought was a crate of rat’s blood wine, only when I opened the box all I found was a load of topsider movie discs that obviously weren’t compatible with our vidcom systems. Trade with the surface had just been outlawed and the two-face wanted to offload all his illegal goods onto me.’
‘So what happened next?’ said Angelica.
‘Well, I was getting nowhere trying to get rid of the stuff until I bumped into Plopbottle one night and managed to sell him one with a funny looking topsider on the cover.’
‘Johnny Marino in Disco Night Fever,’ Plopbottle interjected.
‘Whatever you say pal. Anyway, when he showed up the next evening I thought, here we go again, another one that wants his money back. Only, as it turned out he’d managed to rig up some kind of system to play topsider format. He kept going on and on, saying he’d never seen anything like it and that he never imagined life on the surface could be so much fun. Well, naturally I was confused. Honest Braytarr’s Business Academy never taught us how to deal with a satisfied customer. In the end, though, I decided to sell him a couple more, and a couple more the week after that. And then, when the box was finally empty, I even started taking borrowed infiltrators up to the surface to get more stock. But returning to the matter in hand, you were saying something about escaping I believe.’
‘The way I see it,’ Angelica continued. ‘You and Ploppy are just as much the prisoners here as we are, and from what you told us your death sentences have only been temporarily delayed. As soon as this whatever it is we’re supposed to be working on is finished, you won’t be any more use to the bosses.’
‘You do have a point,’ Broodangle conceded, and then craning his head out of Plopbottle’s earshot whispered, ‘but we can’t possibly live on the surface.’
‘Somewhere else underground then,’ Angelica suggested.
‘Well, I have always fancied a trip to the Dragon Mountains,’ said Broodangle with a far away look in his eyes. ‘Got a cousin lives there, offered me a partnership in his business last time I saw him. So what’s the plan then, how do we get out of here?’
‘The plan is you give us something to eat and then we’ll talk.’
‘I’ll have to think about this,’ said Broodangle stroking his beard. ‘It would mean giving something away for little more than a promise and it would be a direct violation of what Braytarr taught us in lesson sixty three – the stupid and the starving always make the best customers. On the other hand there is always lesson forty-nine – never underestimate the value of saving your own skin.’
It took Broodangle a full pipe of fireweed before reluctantly agreeing to Angelica’s terms. He handed everyone an extremely stale bread roll, took one for himself and then in between bites Angelica started to explain her plan.

~

The vast construction site was beginning to fill up with machinery and equipment. Looking away past her friends and other squad ninety-nine members, Angelica had been following the progress of the other teams through half closed eyes. An ancient steam locomotive had just drawn a string of rail carts into the recently built terminus, where they were now being unloaded.
‘I see we have a few new arrivals,’ she said sleepily. ‘Those kids taking away the big boxes, they’re from the Kingston Road aren’t they?’
‘Saint Bartholomew’s,’ Cassandra corrected her sister.  ‘Anyway, you shouldn’t be watching them. The twins could be back any minute and you haven’t even started polishing that shield.’
Angelica glanced at the pile of armour beside her then shrugged her shoulders and let out a dismissive grunt.
‘We have to keep our heads down for now and let them think they’ve beaten us,’ said Cassandra seriously. ‘The last thing they need is more excuses to start on you again. I shouldn’t have to tell you, though, it was your idea remember?’
‘I know, I know,’ Angelica replied. ‘I’m just not very good at the whole taking orders thing.’
‘Look, you can have one of mine,’ said Cassandra, passing over a gleaming breastplate. ‘I’ll get started on the shield, but you’ve got to do something or we’ll all get into trouble.’
Angelica picked up the smallest piece she could find from her pile, dampened a threadbare cloth in the bucket of water by her side then began rubbing it down.
‘What is this thing anyway?’ she said after a few minutes of polishing.
‘That armoured codpiece,’ Plopbottle replied.
‘A what?’
Plopbottle whispered an explanation in Angelica’s ear.
‘Ugghh,’ said Angelica, throwing it down. ‘Why didn’t you tell me?’
But before Plopbottle had a chance to reply, Dirk and Digby emerged from a nearby hut which had a crossed spoon and fork over its door.
‘That really was a very satisfying lunch, don’t you think?’ said Dirk to his brother, although his remark was obviously directed at Angelica and the others. ‘Sausages, pork pies, roast beef, hamburgers. A little dried out perhaps, but still very tasty.’
Angelica picked up another piece of armour and continued polishing, pretending that she hadn’t heard Dirk’s remarks.
‘Yeah,’ said Digby, catching on. ‘There was so much I couldn’t even finish mine. I wonder what they’ll do with what’s left?’
‘One of the cooks told me that all the top table leftovers go to the cave hounds,’ said Dirk, now standing directly in front of Angelica. ‘Then after a couple of days they scrape up what’s left, together with all the maggots, rats and worms, and they cook it all up for the common rabble.’
Angelica pushed a fist into her complaining stomach. All this talk about food was starting to make her hungry, and, although far better than the alternative, Broodangle’s stale rolls had still left her far from satisfied.
‘Klamp, that’s quite an unusual name isn’t it?’ said Dirk. ‘Hey, when we were down in the prison block, wasn’t there a couple in there with that name?’
‘Mum and Dad! What do you know? What’s happened to them?’ said Angelica.
She hadn’t thought about it much until now, but it was fairly obvious that they had been replaced by infiltrators as well.
‘I believe they have been well treated,’ said Dirk, then added, ‘So far!’ with an unpleasant smirk on his lips.
Cassandra saw that Angelica was about to get up.
‘Just ignore him,’ she whispered, putting a hand on her sister’s shoulder. 
‘Of course our father was given a privileged position as soon as he got here,’ Dirk continued.
‘Is that right? ‘Stewie told me he ran out on you and your mum without even saying goodbye and you haven’t seen him for a couple of years now,’ Angelica retorted.
‘That’s a filthy lie, you take that back’ said Dirk, moving his hand to the butt of his neural whip.
This time it was Digby’s turn to hold his sibling back.
‘Come on,’ he said. ‘We’ve got better things to do than stand around talking to the likes of them.’
‘All right, but I better give them the message first,’ said Dirk, then turning to the others he added, ‘The superintendent told us to remind you that anyone who hasn’t finished their work by the end of the shift will be in serious trouble.’
They looked like they were about to leave, but then the smirk reappeared on Dirk’s face.
‘Mmm, you really have made a good job of this,’ he said, picking up the clean breastplate from Angelica’s pile.
Dirk turned the breastplate over in his hand then let it slip through his fingers into the bucket of water.
‘Oops, I really am so clumsy. Here, let me fetch that out for you . . . oh no, there I go again,’ he added, dropping it a second time onto the dusty cave floor.
‘Oh dear, it looks like you’ll have to start all over again and there’s so much to do. I would offer to stay and help, but I’m so full up after that lunch I really don’t think I’ve got the energy.’
The twins left, laughing at Dirk’s closing remark and this time heading towards another hut with a foaming ale tankard over its door.
‘That-scum-bag-is-so-dead,’ said Angelica, pummelling the breastplate with such ferocity that her knuckles started to bleed.
For a while it seemed that the rest of the shift was going to pass without further event. Everyone continued with their polishing and watched with passing interest as the burrowing engine was brought out to square off the sides of the cave at ground level. But then a klaxon sounded and the machine was suddenly silenced. Plopbottle explained that they had probably struck a vein of granite, which would most likely have to be blasted out before they could continue. And sure enough, a few minutes later a demolition team arrived, carrying crates marked with explosive flashes. The goblins worked with a well-practiced efficiency, drilling holes in the rock face and then filling them with sticks of explosive. However, the orderly ballet of activity was soon transformed into a chaotic pantomime. Technicians were bumping into each other and tripping over the drill’s power line, others were running away. Then the cry went up, initially from the demolition team itself, but this was soon picked up by the other workers.

‘FIRE WEEVILS!’

‘FIRE WEEVILS!’

‘FIRE WEEVILS IN THE BLASTING BOX!’

Pandemonium spread across the site. The burrowing engine’s crew hastily abandoned their vehicle. A toilet hut was upturned, revealing a full platoon of troll guards squatting alongside each other. Fire buckets were broken out, only to be abandoned when nothing could be found to put in them. Lengths of hose were found, but again with water services not yet laid on, these too were found to be useless. Finally, when everyone had agreed that the situation was utterly hopeless, a message went out for squad ninety-nine, a message that the Henderson twins were only too pleased to deliver.
‘Okay, who wants to get blown up then?’ said Dirk, with a look of obvious relish on his face.
‘I’ll go,’ said Norrin quietly.
‘What? No, no, you don’t understand,’ said Dirk. ‘This is the bit where I stand here telling you how dangerous it’s going to be and how small a coffin they’ll be putting the bits of you that are left in. Then I ask for volunteers, and when no one comes forward, the impudent Klamp girl gets to do it.’
‘I said I’ll do it,’ said Norrin more forcefully.
Dirk glanced uneasily at his brother then checked the weapon at his side. He was obviously a little unsettled by this fresh challenge to his authority.
‘Look,’ said Norrin, taking advantage of Dirk’s temporary silence. ‘Nuglugg and me have finished cleaning our bits of Growler’s armour right, but the others are nowhere near done with his retainer’s and his war hound’s battledress, so it makes sense really. You remember he said that if the armour wasn’t gleaming, gleaming, gleaming by the time he got back there would be trouble, trouble, trouble.’
‘Yeah, so what,’ Dirk replied. ‘It won’t be me that’s getting into trouble will it?’
‘That may well be true. But then again, maybe the trouble will fall on the ones that were left in charge of the work detail. So what you have to ask yourself is, can I afford to take that chance?’
Dirk appeared to be mulling things over for a moment.
‘All right,’ he agreed reluctantly, but then it was Nuglugg’s turn to object.
‘Bzzzzzt, I need a number four spanner . . . ’ he said, with a “I really wanted to say, you’ve never done anything brave before, why start now?” look in his eyes. 
‘Don’t worry pal, it’ll be all right,’ said Norrin reassuringly.
‘ . . . would you pass me one please,’ Nuglugg added, although what he really meant was ‘For Drakk’s sake let the topsider girl do it!’.
Once again Norrin seemed to know instinctively what his friend had said.
‘She’s only a pup,’ he said. ‘And we bring nothing but dishonour on ourselves when we allow a child to do a grown goblin’s work.’
Nuglugg bent his head and simply said, ‘Bzzzzzt.’
Norrin patted Nuglugg on the shoulder, then rose from the semi-circle of teammates and collected a pair of goggles and some thick leather gauntlets from the squad ninety-nine tool locker. And then he was gone, a solitary figure striding into the distance.
Being the only engineer left who could still make himself understood, it fell to Plopbottle to provide the running commentary.
‘N-Norrin near b-blasting box, moving very careful now. Fire weevils not so bad, unless you make them angry.’
‘What happens when they get angry?’ asked Angelica.
‘Very bad, make big fire, and big fire in blasting box make big boom boom!’
Plopbottle was midway way through a dramatic finishing gesture when a cold mechanical stare reminded him he was talking about Nuglugg’s best friend. 
‘What’s he doing now?’
‘Praying to Drakk, goblin god of technicians and machinery.’
‘Maybe we should have gone with him then, if it’s really that bad.’
‘Six people not make accident less l-likely, only mean more get blown up,’ Plopbottle replied.
‘Anyway, it look like first weevil already under control,’ he added, observing that Norrin had finished his prayer and was gingerly transferring something with the appearance of a small glowing meteorite into a nearby bucket.
Norrin punched a triumphant fist into the air and the rest of squad ninety-nine held their breath whilst he dealt with the second weevil, then a third and a fourth, depositing each one in the same bucket.
‘Hold on, he’s stopped,’ said Angelica suddenly.
‘Something wrong, can’t quite see. Broodangle, pass t-telescope please.’
Broodangle handed over something that appeared to have been made from several badly soldered together food tins.
‘Now, just have to focus,’ said Plopbottle, adjusting the ring pull on the side.
‘There, that better . . . oh no!’
‘What’s happening?’
‘One of the weevils, has something in its mouth . . . it look like b-blasting stick. They like taste of sulphur, probably why they went in box to begin with.’
‘But, what if . . . ’
‘No, hold on. Norrin tickling weevil under chin and . . . yes he done it!’
Those without the benefit of optical aids could just about make out Norrin’s look of triumph as he dropped the final weevil into the bucket, and they were still cheering as he did his third victory lap around it.
‘Thank Drakk,’ said Plopbottle. ‘For a moment Ploppy thought . . .’
‘I need a number four!!!’ Nuglugg cried out in sudden alarm.
Norrin had somehow managed to get his foot trapped in the bucket and was now hopping back and forth, desperately trying to shake it off.
Nuglugg started to run, streaking past Dirk, Digby and the other guards who were cowering behind some barrels, but it was too late. The fire weevil sitting in the bottom of the bucket burst into flames and for a single second Norrin was engulfed in a small fireball. However, the initial force of the explosion seemed to throw him clear of the worst of the flames. Nuglugg hurried to Norrin’s side and swiftly beat out his smouldering clothes.
A half an hour later, an enormous klaxon signalled the end of shift and a tide of exhausted workers trickled into Grimley’s Canteen. Angelica, Cassandra and the two remaining goblins from their team (Nuglugg had gone with Norrin to the infirmary), took their trays into a secluded corner.
For a while everyone seemed content to keep their thoughts to themselves. It was Angelica, however, that finally broke the silence.
‘Has there been any news?’ she said suddenly.
‘Not yet,’ said Plopbottle. ‘But don’t worry. Goblins tough creatures, takes a lot to finish us off.’
‘You realise that that could have been any one of us.’ 
‘Norrin very careless,’ said Plopbottle. ‘B-Brave, but careless.’ 
‘All the same, it won’t be long before we all end up like him, or worse even,’ Angelica continued.
‘So what are you saying?’ Broodangle interrupted.
‘I’m saying that we’ve got to carry on with the plan. Did you get the things we talked about?’
‘I have managed to acquire the items you mentioned. Although, they cost me a fair price I should say.’
‘Never mind about that now, just hand them over please.’
‘All right, here, have you got it?’ said Broodangle, passing a small package under the table.
Angelica slipped her hand into the package and then took out another slightly larger one a few moments later.
‘What do you think?’ she said, holding up five, slightly chubbier than usual digits.
‘Not bad,’ said Cassandra. ‘How does it feel?’
‘All right, but it’s a bit long in the fingers and quite greasy inside.’
‘They were the smallest infiltrator hands we could get,’ Broodangle explained, ‘and we lubricated the insides after Plopbottle had taken out the workings. It’ll make them easier to take off tonight.’
‘Hey, what about the magnet?’ said Angelica.
‘Do you know what these are worth?’ said Broodangle, making a second secret delivery beneath the table.
Angelica glanced down at the tiny object in her hand. 
‘Don’t let the size fool you, it’s extremely powerful once the keeper is off.’
‘Well, I hope you’re right,’ said Angelica, and added with a yawn, ‘I just hope I can stay awake long enough tonight.’
‘Don’t worry about that,’ said Broodangle. ‘Arrangements are already being made as we speak.’
Angelica asked Broodangle what he had meant, but the wily goblin’s answers were strangely elusive. She also failed to notice Plopbottle creeping stealthily beneath the table.

~

It was dark in the dormitory. Not the dim, street light gloom that Angelica was used to at home, but absolute, all-engulfing blackness. She could already hear the gentle snoring of her schoolmates in the neighbouring beds. It had been a hard day for them, she thought, and way harder than she was used to as well. Then, she felt herself starting to drift off and remembered vaguely that there was something she had to do, something important. Oh well, whatever it was would have to wait till morning, she decided.
It started as a slight prickling, somewhere between the toes on her right foot, then on her left, and soon grew into several almost unbearable itches. Angelica tried to move her hands, until she remembered the manacles that were holding them down. Her feet twisted and turned almost uncontrollably under their shackles, as she tried to shake out the itches. It was then that Angelica remembered the plan.
‘How stupid am I?’ she whispered to herself. ‘No, don’t answer that.’
She eased her hands out of the manacles, then felt blindly down the bed, past the false hands still clamped in place, past her legs and fumbled hastily with the shackles around her ankles. Fortunately, these were only held down by simple locking pins. She broke open the catches, quickly unlaced and removed her basketball boots then tore off her socks.
‘That’s feels so good,’ she said, scratching furiously at her feet.
After a while the itching started to subside. Angelica put her socks back on, but then felt something scratchy falling through her fingers when she picked up one of her boots.
‘What the . . . ’ she swore quietly to himself.
She turned the other boot out as well and put them back on. Then she groped blindly in her sister’s direction, but let out a yelp of pain as she stubbed her toe on the corner of his bed.
‘Keep it down,’ said Cassandra, in a harsh whisper. ‘And what was all that noise about earlier?’
‘I couldn’t help it, there was something in my boots,’ said Angelica.
‘Oh, so the fireweed seeds worked then did they?’
‘What! You knew about it then?’
‘Of course I did, it was my idea. I knew that as soon as your head touched that straw filled sack you’d be out like a light. Anyway, we haven’t got time for talking now, hurry up and get these things off me.’
Angelica fumbled around the bed for the catches on her sister’s restraints, then as soon as Cassandra was on her feet, they felt their way along the ends of the other beds until they had reached the door.
‘Well, here goes,’ said Angelica, removing the keeper from the magnet and holding it at what felt like the approximate centre of the door.
‘What’s happening?’ whispered Cassandra.
‘Nothing, it’s not working.’
‘Try moving it around a bit.’
Angelica traced the magnet in a zigzag pattern over the door’s rough surface.
‘No, still nothi . . . ow!’
‘What was that?’
‘It jumped out of my hand. Now it’s stuck on something, a nail I think.’
‘It must be really strong then, like Broodangle said. Go on, try it again.’
With some effort, Angelica managed to break the magnet free and resumed her search, until eventually it stopped in a nail-free patch of wood.
‘Okay, I think I’ve got it.’
‘The bolt?’
‘Yes, it’s a bit stiff though, no it’s coming . . . ’
They heard a dull clunk from the other side. Angelica pushed very gently against the door, which gave an alarmingly loud squeak.
‘God, I never realised how much noise this makes when the guards aren’t around.’
Angelica tried the door again, producing another prolonged squeak.
Somewhere in the darkness a frightened voice called out, ‘M-Mummy, is that you?’
Angelica ignored this and guided her sister through the gap.
They had already passed through a hundred yards of tunnel when Angelica came to a very important conclusion.
‘Hey, we can see!’
‘No kidding Sherlock,’ Cassandra replied sarcastically.
‘But there aren’t any torches and the guards all carry those oil lamps when we come down here with them.’
‘You see this,’ said Cassandra, stopping to scrape a handful of spongy material from the walls.’
‘I don’t understand, what am I meant to be looking at?’
‘You’ll see better if I hold it in front of something dark, your T-shirt for example.’
‘It’s glowing!’
‘Right, it’s called cave mould. Plopbottle said it occurs naturally, but they often grow it on walls deliberately as a kind of emergency lighting. He said you can make tea out of it as well but then his face went all kind of scrunched up and he made a lot of choking noises.’
‘It’s not very nice then I take it.’
‘I guess not.’
A short while later Plopbottle and the two sisters were being hurriedly bundled into a disused storeroom.
‘Come on, come on,’ said Broodangle anxiously.
Broodangle closed the door behind them and then lit a candle in the centre of the room, throwing their faces into a cold, flickering light.
‘What I am about to show you must never be revealed as long as you live,’ said Broodangle, his hawk-like features half obscured by the shadows. ‘For many centuries this chamber has been the meeting place for a very secret and exclusive criminal fraternity.’
‘A criminal what?’ Angelica interrupted.
‘I think he means a secret society,’ Cassandra explained.
‘A fraternity which I myself am honoured to belong to,’ Broodangle continued unperturbed. ‘In fact, they taught me everything I know.’
‘I thought you went to bees-knees school,’ said Plopbottle.
‘Honest Braytarr’s business academy is just a front, a recruitment office for the criminal elite,’ said Broodangle grandly, prompting a round of titters from the others.
‘So what’s it called then, this secret society?’ Angelica piped up again.
‘Only the members of our ancient order are permitted to know its name and its many mysteries.’
‘But how can you show us this, whatever it is then, if we’re not members ourselves?’
‘I’m going to enrol you right now.’
‘Oooh, Ploppy never been part of secret club before,’ said Plopbottle excitedly. ‘What we have to do?’
‘Well, first you raise your right leg.’
Cassandra complied immediately. Plopbottle raised the wrong leg first and then corrected himself. Angelica, however, remained rooted with both feet firmly on the ground.
‘Do you want to join or not?’
‘No, not really,’ Angelica replied flatly.
‘Look, just do this for me would you.’
Angelica raised her foot a fraction of an inch.
‘Now repeat after me – I promise to be dishonest, crafty and devious at all times, and to give seventeen percent of everything I steal, scam or embezzle to the Grand Moolah. He’s our leader, but you can give your tributes to me for now.’
Broodangle waited until everyone had finished repeating the oath before he spoke again.
‘Right, now spin round on the spot and spit on the floor.’
Two globules of human phlegm were quickly joined by a greeny-yellow blob of goblin spittle.
‘Congratulations, you are now all fully signed up members of the Brotherhood of the All-Seeing Ear, I’ll teach the secret handshake later.’
‘The all seeing what?’ said Cassandra.
‘Yes, I know it must sound a little mysterious,’ Broodangle replied.
‘It sounds completely bonkers!’
‘You wouldn’t say that if you were on a crumbling path above the Great Chasm with only a single failing torch left. The brotherhood, you see, exists the shadows. Not many of us have fully mastered the art in fact, but the best of our number can find their way, and if necessary, even fight in total darkness.’
‘That’s all very interesting,’ said Angelica, ‘but do you think we could get on now?’
Broodangle muttered a goblin curse under his breath, then picked up the candle and led them to some apparently randomly stacked crates in the corner of the room.
‘Now let me see, just about here I think,’ he said, pressing some hidden facet near the bottom of the pile.
The crates began to move, some travelling left or right, some going upwards, others coming out from the wall then swinging away to the sides.
‘So what do you think?’ said Broodangle, as the final crate slid aside revealing a low, arched passageway.
‘That’s the big secret is it then, a hole in the wall?’ said Angelica.
‘You don’t understand,’ said Broodangle. ‘This is a gateway to another world, a massive network of tunnels which enable brotherhood members to pass unseen through Blood Clan territory and beyond.’
‘Will it take us to the surface?’ said Angelica, suddenly gaining interest.
‘The path can be a dangerous one, but it is possible.’
‘But won’t we need equipment, things for the journey?’ asked Cassandra.
‘Money for roller disco,’ Plopbottle suggested. ‘Little sparkly suits, Silver Lightning roller-boots.’
‘We can work on all that later. We’ve still got to prove we can get back safely and lock ourselves onto the beds again,’ said Angelica, then added. ‘And these two should be getting back to their bunkhouse as well.’
‘B-But Ploppy want to go now, see Johnny Marino, go disco, disco,’ said Plopbottle, his lower lip beginning to quiver.
‘No Ploppy,’ said Broodangle firmly. ‘The topsider is right, we to have prepare properly. You remember what happened last time we got caught?’


Chapter Seven

The Newcomer

Morning in the dormitory arrived this time in the form of a large troll with extremely stale breath. Angelica felt a rough hand shaking her into consciousness, and then it struck her, the almost unbearable stench of rotting food.
‘Wake up little topsider, it’s time to get up,’ the troll grunted, unfastening the manacles around Angelica’s wrists.
‘Have you ever heard of mouthwash?’ said Angelica, as her eyes began to water.
‘Pah, stupid topsider. Why I want to wash mouth when there still half good meal between teeth.’
The troll left shaking his head. Free from her shackles Angelica swung round on the bed, but did not stand up straight away. All around her Norbury Park children were yawning and shaking the sleep from their eyes. Many of them were already quite bedraggled and dusty from the previous couple of days work. 
Cassandra was on her feet as well now and at the prearranged signal, became a kind of human screen whilst her sister hid the false hands and the magnet in the pillow at the end of the bed. Angelica looked around to make sure that no one had seen, but stopped abruptly when she met Digby Henderson’s gaze. For a moment a hint of friendship seemed to come into his eyes, as if to say “I’m not really a bully at heart” and “I want to go home as much as you do”, and the beginnings of a smile hovered at the corner of his mouth. Until that is, a sharp nudge from his brother reminded him of his duties.
‘You two, move it, now!’ he said harshly. 
Not wanting to draw attention to themselves, Angelica and Cassandra quickly joined the other children who were being assembled in the corridor outside.
The conversation at breakfast was unusually optimistic and filled with talk of what the four friends were going to do when they got to the surface. But, the mood soon changed after they were marched to the construction site, and Superintendent Growler joined them for the start of shift inspection.
‘Now then, which one of you lucky people has got a good head for heights?’ he boomed.
‘H-Heights?’ said Plopbottle anxiously.
‘Don’t let him get to you,’ Angelica whispered. ‘If he knows you’re afraid of him, he’ll only keep on at you.’
However, this only seemed to make Plopbottle worse.
‘Yesss Sloppy,’ said the Superintendent, coming closer.  ‘You will observe behind us that a large number of iron pillars have been erected by the second shift last night. These are going to be the supports for the floor above us. As you can see they are already being joined together at ground level and some time this morning they are going to start putting in the cross beams across the top of them. Now the beams will have to be riveted to the pillars, as you know, and the rivets must be very hot before they can be hammered into place. The bashers will be waiting for the rivets on top of the pillars, but the stokers and their furnaces are down on the ground. Need I say more?’
‘They going to pull them up in b-buckets?’
‘Now where would the fun be in that? And besides, that would take too long. The rivets would be cold by the time they got to the top.’
A look of terrified realisation spread across Plopbottle’s face.
‘B-But what about s-safety harnesses?’ he stammered.
‘Safety harnesses!’ the Superintendent scoffed. ‘Those are for skilled workers, not slave labour and ex-convicts.’
The superintendent told Dirk and Digby to stand watch until their squad was called for, and looked like he was about to leave.
‘S-Sir?’ said Plopbottle.
‘What is it now, little man?’
‘Is there any n-news, about N-Norrin Ploppy means?’
‘Ah yes, the mad bombardier. It seems he will make a recovery, in time. Which reminds me, I still owe the bet makers fifty Zoggs, run this along to them would you Dirk.’
The superintendent tossed over a small money pouch.
‘Very good sir,’ said Dirk, snapping to attention.
‘And what are the odds for today, by the way?’
‘Well that depends on who gets the job,’ Dirk replied. ‘If the younger topsider is chosen then it’s two to one for a serious maiming and five to one, I think, for the lanky goblin and the older girl.
‘And what would it be if I choose the runtling?’
The superintendent patted Plopbottle on the head as he said this.
‘He’s a bit of an outsider, fifty to one sir.’
‘Fifty to one on Sloppy, those are good odds!’
‘Well, he has done this kind of work before and his track record speaks for itself. Seventeen years in the work gangs and almost no physical injuries.’
The superintendent paused for a moment, scratching the ridges on his forehead.
‘Mmm, even so I’ve got a good feeling about this one. Put me down for a hundred on the little fellow.’

~

His fingers were gripped so tightly around the hoisting cable they had almost burst through the seams of his gloves, his heart was thumping wildly, his stomach had turned to wobbly goo pudding and his legs were shaking so much it was all he could do just to stay on the girder. Plopbottle closed his eyes as the steam-powered crane lifted the girder the final ten or so feet, until it was level with the two adjacent pillars.
‘Hey, wake up stupid! How d’you expect to catch anything if you’re half asleep?’ he heard the superintendent’s voice from somewhere beneath him.
Plopbottle opened his eyes again. On either side of him were the goblin basher teams safely harnessed to the tops of the pillars, whilst beneath him a small crowd had already gathered. The word had spread rapidly around the cavern. Playing catch-and-run for the rivet teams was one of the most dangerous jobs on any construction site and always attracted an audience.
‘Stoker signals ready . . . lobber get ready,’ the superintendent called out again.
And then he noticed their faces; other superintendents, guards and fellow workers, and even some of the topsider children as well. All them it seemed were laughing and jeering, and waiting for the moment when he lost his grip and fell.
‘And fire.’
Plopbottle watched the arm of the lobber’s stick flinging the glowing rivet into the air. Everything was so distant now, just as it had been on the executioner’s block. He reached out a hand, with the other still holding onto the hoisting cable, but at the same time the steam crane’s engine hiccupped violently. Plopbottle slipped from the girder and fell towards the cold stone floor below. 
‘And he’s going to . . . live,’ the goblin medic finally declared as Plopbottle blinked into consciousness.
Plopbottle looked round. His friends from squad ninety-nine were kneeling beside him and an very disappointed looking Superintendent Growler was standing behind them. 
‘I want a second opinion,’ the Superintendent demanded. ‘Call for another physician.’
‘It’s no good sir,’ said Dirk. ‘He’s definitely moving and the engineers say that the crane won’t be fixed for several hours, which means that all bets are off pending a second attempt tomorrow.’
The Superintendent let out a grunt of dissatisfaction.
‘This is all your fault,’ he said to Dirk. ‘If you’d been watching what your idiot brother was up to, he wouldn’t have been standing where he was.’
Plopbottle turned his head a little further and saw Dirk’s brother Digby, who was nursing a sizable bruise on the back of his neck. However, he didn’t seem at all put out at having been landed on, or ashamed at his apparent dereliction of duty.
‘Well, if I lose this one it’s coming out of your beer ration,’ the Superintendent said, then turned away and started to push his way through the crowd.’

~

She would never forget the first time she saw him. Angelica and her sister had spent the previous evening chained to their beds, as Broodangle had said there were a few things he needed to collect before they could start investigating possible routes to the surface. And now they were back in their usual corner of the canteen with the two goblins. They were performing between them an already quite polished routine, which involved the person on the end of the table keeping watch whilst somebody else distributed Broodangle’s black market rations between them.
‘Hey, look!’ said Angelica suddenly.
Some kind of commotion had broken out at the serving counter. Three heads turned towards the noise. Plopbottle emerged somewhat furtively from under the table and slipped back into his seat.
‘He’s not doing what I think he’s doing is he?’ she continued.
A tall, stylishly dressed teenager appeared to be arguing with the ladle-handed cook.
‘It’s one of the new arrivals,’ said Cassandra. ‘I saw them putting him into the room just along the corridor from us.’ 
‘And what does he think he’s wearing? He looks like one of those kids from the fashion catalogues – and sunglasses underground, I ask you what kind of . . . ’
Angelica stopped talking abruptly as one of the most ferocious looking creatures she had ever seen lumbered out of the kitchens.
‘Who on earth is that!’
‘That’s, Chef Grimley,’ said Broodangle. ‘They say he rules his kitchens like a battlefield commander, and there are plenty of casualties as well.’
‘But, is he really an orc or what? I mean, he’s so much larger than the others.’
‘Well technically yes, but they do say there’s a drop or two of rock giant blood in his family.’
‘HE SAID WHAT?’ the giant chef’s voice could easily be heard, as well as felt, from where they were sitting.
Chef Grimley thundered towards the newcomer and produced a meat cleaver large enough to split a cow with a single blow.
‘No, sorry, I can’t look. Just tell me when it’s all over,’ said Cassandra turning away.
‘W-What happening n-now?’ said Plopbottle, who had buried his face in his hands at the same time.
‘Well, they’re just sort of talking,’ said Angelica.
Cassandra turned round again, Plopbottle peeped cautiously through his fingers and they all watched with disbelief as a stylishly dressed boy debated quite calmly with a cleaver-wielding cook almost twice his size. At first he didn’t seem to be making much progress, but then after a certain amount of head scratching on the huge orc’s part, he seemed at last to be winning Grimley over. Grimley grunted something to the workers behind the counter then stomped angrily back to the kitchens.
Several hundred pairs of eyes followed the newcomer as he crossed the room. Most of the children looked on with a mixture of wonder and admiration. The goblin workers were much older, however, and knew only too well what happened to those who stood up to the masters. On their faces were looks of tired indifference. The guards, and the children like Dirk and Digby Henderson who also had the Blood Clan emblem on their tunics, eyed him with suspicion, whilst Angelica wore a look that betrayed her own feelings. She had never seen someone so obviously in love with himself, so arrogant, so . . .
‘Hi, I’m Chen,’ he said, flashing two rows of perfectly white teeth. 
. . . so heart-stoppingly gorgeous.
‘Is this seat taken?’
No one answered so the newcomer sat down anyway, next to the two goblins and directly opposite Angelica and her sister.
‘Chen what?’ said Cassandra, a little abruptly.
‘It’s just Chen, that’s all,’ the newcomer replied.
For a moment no one spoke. Everyone seemed to be waiting for some kind of explanation, like “my real name is so and so, but all my friends call me such and such,” only this didn’t seem to be happening. In the end Broodangle broke the silence by introducing himself and the others, then Chen spoke again.
‘Hey cool T-shirt. I saw them in Toronto, where did you see them?’
‘What?’ said Angelica, distantly.
‘Zombie Chainsaw, you know, the Slay The World tour.’
For a moment Angelica couldn’t think of a single thing to say. This guy, this amazing guy, was a Zombie Chainsaw fan like her.
‘Um, Hammersmith, the Apollo,’ she mumbled at last.
‘Wow, that must have been fantastic. Eddie always says the big outdoor arenas are better for his kind of sound, but I think the smaller gigs are much more intimate.’
Angelica could hardly believe her ears.
‘You’ve met Eddie Zombie?’ she said incredulously.
‘Sure, ran into him a couple of times,’ Chen replied breezily. ‘A mate of mine works in the music industry, gets me back stage passes any time I want.’
‘So what was all that business with you and the big orc?’ said Cassandra, changing the subject.
‘Ow, what was that for?’ she added, receiving a sharp elbow jab in the ribs from her sister.
‘I’m sure Chen doesn’t want to go into all that now, we were talking about Eddie!’ Angelica hissed.
‘No that’s alright,’ said Chen. ‘I just thought someone should tell them that human beings simply can’t live off stuff like this.’
Chen gestured towards the bowls of today’s ear gristle soup, which Angelica, Cassandra and Plopbottle had taken purely for the sake of appearance, but which Broodangle was rather enjoying.
‘Sorry, no offence meant friends,’ said Chen to Plopbottle and Broodangle. ‘I’m sure this is perfectly acceptable to the goblin palette.’
‘Well, it is to some of us at least,’ said Broodangle, glancing across at Plopbottle.
‘They have obviously gone to a lot of trouble to bring us all down here,’ Chen continued. ‘One of the other kids told me they had you all working on some kind of underground construction. Said they preferred children because they were easier to control and they fitted better into the pipes and ducts. So I simply asked the guys behind the counter what their superiors would say if we all started dropping down with hunger.’
‘And that’s when they sent for Grimley?’ said Broodangle.
‘Right, the big guy with the oversized cutlery.’
‘W-We thought he ch-chop you in half,’ Plopbottle joined in.
‘I thought he was probably bluffing,’ said Chen casually. ‘If he’d really wanted to kill me I’m sure he wouldn’t have stopped to talk about it. Anyway, I managed to bring him round to my way of thinking in the end.’
‘That’s so cool,’ said Angelica, her eyes wide with admiration.
‘Well maybe,’ Chen replied. ‘But you’ve done one or two heroic things yourselves from what I hear.’
‘You know about squad ninety-nine then?’ Cassandra asked.
‘Know about it? The moment I heard what you guys did, I signed up straight away.’
Taking charge in a crisis was as natural for Chen as slipping into a designer jumpsuit and zipping up the matching boots, and it was remarkable how quickly his teammates seemed to accept him in this role. Under his guidance squad ninety-nine’s next job of the day (a dangerously overloaded steam compressor) was resolved quickly and efficiently, and without any more injuries. Almost immediately, he seemed to know what individual team members were good at, where their weaknesses lay, and allocated tasks accordingly. So as the morning passed, and without really knowing it, they found themselves falling under his spell, just as the giant chef had in the canteen.
However, even Chen’s charm and persuasion had not been enough to convince the Superintendent that someone other than Plopbottle should be put on rivet catching duty.
‘N-N-No, p-please, not m-make P-Ploppy go up again,’ said Plopbottle in a muffled voice. 
They were still on the construction site and the tiny goblin could just been seen at the end of a narrow pipe, which was the kind of place he liked to go when he really felt threatened.
‘But you’ve got to go,’ said Broodangle. ‘The superintendent said he’s going to send you back to prison if you don’t and you know what that means, you’ll be back on the execution list.’
‘P-Ploppy not care any more. Being d-dead better than being up there with everyone l-laughing at him and waiting for him to fall d-down.’
‘Perhaps I could help,’ said Chen stepping forward.
‘Y-You can’t make Ploppy go. P-Ploppy can’t do it, P-Ploppy won’t do it!’
‘Listen to me,’ said Chen patiently. ‘No one is going to make you do anything you don’t want to. If you decide that you can’t face it and you end up going back to prison then we’ll be right behind you, we’ll find a way to get you out. Do you understand?’
Plopbottle gave a hesitant nod.
‘Now just think for a moment what it would be like if you could do it, just for yourself I mean Ploppy, wouldn’t that be great?’
Plopbottle considered this for a few seconds then spoke again.
‘B-But Ploppy not b-brave like you and the others. P-Ploppy small, g-get hurt easy.’
‘Look at me,’ said Chen, taking off his sunglasses and crouching down so that his head was level with the pipe. ‘Do you think I’d have any problem going up there?’
‘No way,’ Plopbottle replied. ‘You b-brave, you one cool d-dude.’
‘Well you’re wrong. I’d be just as scared as you are now. You may not believe this, but I used to be just like you. Afraid all the time, picked on and bullied at school, and when something came along that I couldn’t face I’d do anything I could to get away from it.’
‘S-So what happen?’
‘My father arranged for me to be taken out of school and sent to a place where they train you to block out negative emotions like fear and shyness, and then show you how to unlock your full potential.’
‘You went to a special school?’ said Cassandra derisively.
‘No not exactly, there was a little more to it than that. Anyway, we’re not here to talk about me,’ said Chen, quickly changing the subject. ‘Ploppy, I’m going to try an exercise in positive visualisation. I want you to concentrate on a time or a place, or something you did, when you felt safe and secure.’
‘P-Ploppy feel safe in his little office, in G-Great Engine, where he go to relax and s-sleep as well sometimes.’
‘And where is that?’
‘T-Taken away, d-dismantled, smashed,’ said Plopbottle angrily.
‘Okay, but there must have been some other time, when you were in control of your fears instead of the other way round. Try to think.’
‘Th-There was one time, but you l-laugh at P-Ploppy.’
‘No I won’t Ploppy, I promise.’
‘Well Ploppy like to d-dance, like Johnny Marino, go disco, disco.’
‘That’s good,’ said Chen, without the slightest hint of a smile or a smirk on his features. ‘I think we might be have something we can work with.’
No one knew exactly what Chen had said to Plopbottle, as Chen had insisted that their visualisation exercises would only work in a private one-to-one session. Everyone had to agree, though, that the little goblin did seem a great deal more composed this time around. 
He was standing once again on the crossbeam, which was suspended for the moment only a few feet above a hastily painted target. And gathered around the target, a crowd at least twice the size of the previous day had gathered. Also, dotted about in the crowd numerous weasel-faced goblin bookmakers were taking their final bets. However, most of these now focussed not on whether or not Plopbottle would fall, as this was generally regarded as a foregone conclusion, but instead on which segment and ring of the target he was most likely to land on:

‘Twenty-to-one, little man goes splat in ring five, segment two.’

‘Special deal today, my final offer, fifty-to-one each way, pick any three segments in the outer ring. Come on sir, you look lucky how about a flutter.’

And so on.

In spite of this, Plopbottle had shown no hint so far of any outward apprehension, other than a slight trembling as he reached for the hoisting cable. His face was a mask of detached indifference, which had scarcely shown any sign of acknowledgement as Angelica, Cassandra, Broodangle, and Nuglugg as well in his own way, had wished him good luck. Only Chen’s last few words, whispered quietly into his ear, seemed to shake him momentarily back to life and then send him back just as quickly into a distant stupor.
‘Okay boys, start lifting,’ a voice cried out from somewhere in the crowd, and the beam was raised once more into position.
‘Stoker signals ready,’ the now familiar sequence began again.
‘I can’t see, what’s happening?’ said Angelica, who was stuck behind a rather large troll.
‘You don’t want to know, trust me,’ Cassandra replied.
But then just as the order was given to prepare for the launch of the first heated rivet, ‘Lobber stand ready . . . ’ the troll shifted position and Angelica’s view improved dramatically.
‘Oh god, I see what you mean, he’s . . .  yeah, what is he doing exactly?’
‘He’s dancing again,’ said Broodangle. ‘Poor little fellow, the pressure must have been too much for him, I guess. Either that or . . . ’
A spark of realisation leapt between Broodangle and the two children, and the three of them turned in Chen’s direction.
‘Just what did you say to him?’ Angelica demanded.
Chen was midway through an explanation of how Plopbottle’s personal energy had been unlocked through positive reinforcement when a gasp went up from the crowd. 
‘ . . . and fire.’
The rivet span into the air as before, but was caught this time quite effortlessly by Plopbottle, who then pirouetted round on the spot and passed it to the nearest goblin basher. The bashers, safely harnessed to the top of the pillar, went to work immediately; one holding the rivet in the pre-drilled hole with a pair of grippers whilst his partner hammered the exposed end into a hemispherical dome. 
Another rivet was thrown up, snatched this time with a low catch and then chicken-walked to the other side of the beam.
‘Hurg, hurg, Murgo like fun-eee man,’ said the troll, who was obviously enjoying Plopbottle’s nimble footwork.
By the time the beam was in place and Plopbottle safely lowered to the ground, his standing amongst the guards and other crews had been elevated to that of site hero.  Children, goblins, trolls and even some of the orcs were now congratulating him and slapping him on the back. However, not everyone was quite so enthusiastic about his performance.
‘Plopbottle!!!’
A broad path was opening up in the crowd. It was Superintendent Growler.
‘What do you think you were doing up there?’ he bellowed in Plopbottle’s face.
‘P-Ploppy d-dancing. Ploppy like to dance, p-positive  re-deforcement, h-help take mind off d-danger.’
Plopbottle did a small jig on the spot to demonstrate and then added, ‘S-Sorry if you l-lose bet again sir.’
‘Hu,’ the Superintendent grunted. ‘The bet’s not over yet. There’s a lot more beams going up today, and I’m gonna make sure you’re on top of every one of them. You can dance about all you like up there, but sooner or later you’re gonna miss your step.’
But the Superintendent couldn’t have been more wrong. As long as he kept dancing, Plopbottle remained as sure-footed on the beams as a Circus Zax acrobat.

~

Evening came and this time Angelica managed to stay awake without the assistance of the fireweed seeds. She freed herself and her sister, and after lubricating the hinges using a small oilcan, managed to open the cell door without too much noise. A short while later they joined the two goblins in the abandoned storeroom and straight away Angelica said they should have a vote to decide if Chen should be allowed to join their escape committee.
‘Well, I say we still can’t trust him,’ said Cassandra. ‘I mean, what do we really know about him, apart from the fact that he’s obviously completely in love with himself.’
‘Hey, that’s not fair,’ Angelica snapped.
‘Sorry, I forgot, that’s your job.’
‘I am not . . . ’
Angelica’s face started to redden with embarrassment.
‘Anyway, what’s wrong with someone taking a bit of pride in their appearance?’
‘Can we hurry this up?’ Broodangle interrupted. ‘The way ahead will be difficult and we will have to move swiftly if we want to reach our objective in time.’
‘All right,’ said Angelica. ‘Let’s see who’s in favour and who’s against. Ploppy, what do you think?’
‘Anything the little lay-dee say is A-O-Kay with the Plopmeister.’
Plopbottle did a little shuffle, aimed a cocked finger at Angelica and then blew some imaginary smoke from the end of it. Since his brief coaching session with Chen, Plopbottle’s self-confidence had risen it seemed to newfound heights. His walk had taken on a distinct swagger, and his usually squeaky voice had dropped at least an octave in tone.
‘Hu,’ Cassandra chuckled. ‘It looks like you’ve got a boyfriend already.’
‘Oh god, that’s all I need,’ Angelica groaned.
‘Listen Ploppy,’ she continued, trying to ignore the tiny creature’s furtive winks. ‘You’re very . . . ’
‘Green?’ Cassandra suggested.
‘No, I was going to say, well, you’ve both been very kind to us since we arrived and I like you very much, but up to now there’s really only ever been one love in my life and that’s Eddie Zombie.’
Cassandra chuckled even louder at this.
‘We’ll see little lay-dee, we’ll see,’ said Plopbottle knowingly.
‘Let’s assume that Ploppy is in favour of Chen joining the team, and you two have already made your opinions clear,’ said Broodangle.
‘Which only leaves me.’
Broodangle teased the tip of his beard for a moment and then continued.
‘I’m sorry, but I agree with your sister,’ he said to Angelica. ‘There’s something not quite right about that young topsider. He’s too perfect if you ask me. Anyway, we can’t go back tonight, we’d never be able to find him without a torch and that would wake the other children in his cell.’
‘I didn’t think of that,’ said Angelica looking disappointed.
‘I’m sorry but we have to get moving now,’ said Broodangle, then added, ‘Here, take this,’ handing Angelica a small pile of equipment.
‘What’s all this for?’
‘The torches are for you and your sister, the light levels aren’t quite as good in the brotherhood tunnels.’
‘And the ropes?’
‘Well, to be honest some of the paths aren’t so good either.’
‘Hey, don’t sweat it big man,’ said Plopbottle. ‘The Plopmeister’s on the team remember?’
Broodangle turned his attention to the secret door, muttering something about a certain person getting a little too big for his undersized boots.
After seventeen attempts with a goblin-made tinderbox, Broodangle took out a silver cigarette lighter from his pocket and Angelica’s torch produced a small but surprisingly bright flame. The children could now see that they had entered a low passageway, which had the look of something very ancient and almost crypt-like about it.
‘Just how old are these tunnels?’ said Angelica, passing her fingers over the crumbling brickwork.
‘No one really knows,’ Broodangle replied. ‘But the brotherhood have been around for many of your centuries and have been responsible for some of the greatest robberies both in Underkingdom and topside history.’
‘You’re kidding, right?’
‘Not at all. Take the gems in your Queen’s Crown Jewels, for example. All clever goblin fakes, no topsider can tell them apart. The real ones are all set in the Grand Moolah’s finagling stick.’
Angelica shook her head in disbelief and the party of friends moved on with Plopbottle in the lead, which was somewhat pointless as he didn’t really have any idea where they were going. Eventually though, after several missed and retraced turnings, they passed into an open cavern which was populated by the occasional pale white stalactite and stalagmite. However, they had only taken a few steps when an eerie voice hissed at them like a cold wind.
‘Greetingsss brother.’
‘Garnax you son of a slime maggot! Did you have to sneak up on us like that?’ said a slightly rattled Broodangle.
A figure materialised from the dark, goblin-like in stature although it was difficult to be certain of anything inside the thick, hooded cloak.
‘P-Ploppy not afraid, just let Ploppy at him,’ said Plopbottle, going into a kind of half martial arts warm up, half on-the-spot disco shuffle.
Garnax’s fingers hovered over the belt of knives slung across his shoulder.
‘Stop that Ploppy,’ said Broodangle. ‘He’s one of us.’
Garnax’s hand withdrew inside the cloak.
‘Why don’t you introduce me to your companionsss,’ he said. ‘Your little dancing friend and the onesss who carry so much light the blindest cave worm could s-ssee them.’
Broodangle explained who everyone was, then added, ‘And before you say anything, you don’t have to worry about them trespassing on brotherhood property. They’re all members, I signed them up myself.’
‘Topsidersss in the brotherhood, what will the Grand Moolah s-ssay when he hears about thisss?’
‘Well, we’ll deal with that one when we come to it,’ said Broodangle. ‘You wouldn’t say anything would you?’
‘Brother Garnax will remain as disss-crete as he is in all things, but you know what they ssay . . . the brotherhood has a thousand ears, and one all-sseeing ear above them all.’
Garnax pointed to a symbol carved into a nearby Stalagmite, which was made up in turn of an eye, inside an ear, enclosed in a triangular border.
‘Is there any news about the latest traps?’ said Broodangle, lowering his voice a little.
‘Now that would be telling wouldn’t it?’ Garnax replied. ‘Besidesss, you should pay more attention at the monthly meetingsss.’
‘Listen, I’ll make a deal with you, twenty five percent of the profits from my next consignment of topside goods, I can’t say fairer than that can I Garnax . . . Garnax?’ said Broodangle, but it was too late. The shadowy goblin had already melted back into the darkness.

~

‘Right, now this is one I do know,’ said Broodangle. ‘Spiky Norbert we call it, one foot in the wrong place and a thousand poisoned daggers impale you on the opposite wall.’
Everyone stopped dead in their tracks. They were standing in a section of passageway, which to most of the group didn’t look any different from the ones they had already passed through.
‘Are you sure about this?’ said Cassandra doubtfully. ‘I mean, how do you even know there’s a trap here at all?’
‘You see these markings,’ said Broodangle, pointing to some barely visible scratches on the wall. ‘A split circle followed by three upright lines, that means a poison dagger trap mark three. Don’t worry though, it’s all right as long as you avoid the cracked green tiles and the intact red ones . . . or is it the other way round?’
Cassandra rolled her eyes.
‘Only kidding,’ he added, ‘Anyway you’ll be fine as long as you step where I step,’ and then they followed Broodangle’s somewhat erratic path to the door at the end of the corridor.
‘Wow, an electrified door knob, they don’t come cheap,’ said Broodangle, pointing at another set of markings. ‘Must be the new security measures, they found a party of wine merchants taking a shortcut through our tunnels last month.’
Avoiding the more obvious brass handle, Broodangle pressed a knot in the wood and a second one emerged on the other side of the door.
‘Still,’ he said, grasping the second handle, ‘when they said they said they were going to upgrade this area I was expecting something a lot worse than this.’
‘What are you looking at me like that for?’ Broodangle continued. Finishing his sentence he had half turned towards the others and so hadn’t noticed the solid stone wall on the other side of the door.
Broodangle rubbed furiously at the markings.
‘Sweet Drakk save us!’ he said suddenly.
‘What’s wrong?’ said Angelica.
‘How can I put this? When I said this was an electrified door handle trap, I may have been just the slightest bit mistaken.’
‘So what is it then, if it’s not what you thought it was?’
‘Bertold’s Diabolical Flesh Mangler. Within minutes we’ll be . . . ’
Broodangle’s words trailed away as an enormous spike covered barrel descended from a trap door in the ceiling. For a few seconds no one spoke. All but one of the four friends watched with dumbstruck horror whilst the barrel rotated up to speed then began to move slowly towards them. Plopbottle, however, was handling the situation in his own unique way.
‘So how do we turn it off?’ said Angelica, quickly coming to her senses.
‘There’s a deactivation button,’ said Broodangle. ‘The only problem is it’s at the other end of the corridor.’
‘But you’d have to get past that great big spinning thing to get there,’ Angelica pointed out.
‘Exactly, that’s the problem!’
An idea leapt into Angelica’s mind.
‘There may still be a way,’ she said. ‘You can’t go round that thing, it stretches from wall to wall, and you can’t go under it because it’s too low to the ground. Now Broodangle and me are the tallest and the strongest, so all we need is . . . ’
All eyes turned to Plopbottle.
‘Hey no sweat little lay-dee,’ said Plopbottle, nodding in time with the music in his head. ‘Barrel full of deadly spinning daggers is all in day’s work for cool cat from downtown Brooklyn.’
‘He must be really scared, he’s doing his disco routine again,’ Cassandra observed.
‘Look, it’ll be all right pal,’ said Broodangle reassuringly. ‘It’s not that high really, we’ll be able to get you over no problem.’
‘There is one snag though,’ said Angelica. ‘Ploppy, if we’re going to throw you all that way, you’ll have to stop dancing first.’
‘W-W-What? N-No, th-that is, hey what you saying girlie?’ said Plopbottle, regaining his composure by going into a particularly spectacular pirouette.’
‘Please Ploppy,’ said Broodangle. ‘You’ve got to do it, or we’re all done for.’
‘No wait, I think I’ve got it,’ said Angelica suddenly. ‘Johnny Marino’s classic disco stance – one hand down by his side, the other pointing upwards. He won’t have to move at all and he’ll be the ideal shape for flying.’ 
‘Come on Ploppy,’ she added encouragingly. ‘How does that song go again, daa-daa-daa, da-da-da-da-da . . . ’
Instinctively, Plopbottle took up the disco idol’s legendary pose.
‘Great!’ said Broodangle. ‘Okay, we better move fast, there isn’t much time left.’
Following Broodangle’s lead, Angelica grabbed her half of the now quite rigid goblin, holding him by the ankle and the outstretched arm, then started to swing him back and forth.
Broodangle gave the word and they let go.  In Plopbottle’s mind he was far away on the dance floor once again. His dazzling white suit picked out by a single spotlight, a crowd of admirers waiting for the moment when the music changed tempo, which would be his cue to begin dancing. He didn’t hear the air rushing past his ears, he didn’t notice as one of the spikes caught the knotted cord he used for a belt. He did, however, feel the hard stone floor when he came crashing to the ground.
‘W-What, w-where is P-Ploppy?’ said Plopbottle, struggling to his feet.
‘Quick Ploppy,’ Broodangle called out. ‘Push the rusty nail under that patch of moss.’
Plopbottle had landed very badly. His head was spinning and he wasn’t sure exactly where he was. Someone was saying something, it was Broodangle, only he couldn’t quite make out the words over the clanking of machinery. 
The spiked barrel was only a few feet from the door now. Angelica, Cassandra and Broodangle had backed themselves flat against it and were now screaming hysterically:

‘PLOPPY’

‘THE NAIL’

‘PRESS THE NAIL’

‘THE NAIL UNDER THE MOSS’

Plopbottle looked up and remembered, his friends were in danger! He could see the moss and the nail immediately below it, only an arm’s length or so away. Plopbottle stumbled forward, but at the same time his trousers fell to his ankles and he crashed headfirst into the wall. The spiked barrel stopped spinning and withdrew back into the ceiling.
‘Bertold and Sons corporation congratulate you for choosing to be mangled by our premium level product and wish a very happy afterlife,’ said a recorded voice. 
Plopbottle closed his eyes, not able to face the sight of his friends’ mutilated remains.
‘What’s wrong Ploppy?’ said a familiar voice.
Plopbottle peered cautiously, first through one eye and then the other.
‘You saved us,’ said a distinctly un-mutilated Broodangle. ‘Which means you’re a hero for the second time in one day.’
‘B-But, how?’ said Plopbottle in utter bewilderment.
Then he felt a small indentation in his forehead and realised that he must have bumped into the nail when he fell over.

~

‘Let me get this straight, we just wait here until one arrives and then climb on the roof,’ said Cassandra doubtfully. 
She and her sister, plus the two goblins, were standing in an alcove beside one of the main elevator shafts, and Broodangle had just explained his ingeniously simple system for passing unnoticed between Underkingdom levels. 
‘So how will we know if it’s going to set off in the right direction?’ she continued. ‘And even if it does, what are the chances on it stopping on the floor we want?’
Broodangle beckoned them to a recess in the alcove wall.
‘Put your ear against that,’ he said, pointing to a hole about the size of his fist.
Cassandra bent down and listened at the hole.
‘What exactly is supposed to . . . no, wait, I can hear something, heavy boots and voices – trolls I think.’
‘They’re directly below us at the elevator doors,’ Broodangle explained.
‘That’s a good boy, one of them wants to go to the surface,’ Cassandra continued and then added, ‘Push upways button, go look out post top level,’ imitating the troll’s guttural tones.
‘Hold on though, the other one isn’t very happy about that.  No, upways bad, Nogg want go down, see brother in kitchens, get free dinner. Now they’re fighting. Ouch that was a bad one.  I felt that one as well, and . . . no they’ve finished already. Now they’re complimenting each other’s fighting skills. Hurg, hurg, you bash good. No you bash good. But you bash better. Oh no, they’re at it again. We could be here all night if this keeps up.’
Eventually, however, Cassandra explained that a compromise had been arrived at, with the first troll agreeing to postpone the start of his guard duty in exchange for a slice of the chef’s famous stink mud pie. The four companions watched as the elevator descended from the floors above, stopped briefly at their level, then disappeared into the darkness beneath them.
‘I can hear footsteps again.’
Cassandra was on listening duty again.
‘Just one of them this time I think, and there’s no way we’ll know where he’s going if he is on his own?’ 
‘Don’t worry,’ Broodangle replied. ‘Trolls never do anything quietly, and that includes thinking.’
‘You’re right,’ said Cassandra. ‘He’s talking to himself, something about going to the armoury to get his sword sharpened.’
‘That’s close enough,’ said Broodangle. ‘We can do the last part on foot. Now get ready everyone and remember, when the elevator comes we step on to it as quietly as possible – and no one gets off until I give the signal.’
After three days of musty Underkingdom corridors the London air seemed cleaner than Angelica had ever remembered it. It was mid-afternoon. Angelica had forgotten about the time difference in the Blood Clan system until they climbed out into the dazzling sunlight.
‘Heyyy, dig the groovy blue ceiling and green carpet, ve-rrry disco,’ said Plopbottle, taking in his surroundings.
‘You’ll have to forgive him, he’s never been to the surface before,’ Broodangle explained. ‘That’s the sky above us Ploppy, and this is grass under our feet. You’re outside, do you understand?’
Plopbottle looked confused.
‘It’s like a big cave,’ said Broodangle. ‘The biggest one you’ve ever been in, and this is one of the topsider parks.  They come here to walk about and relax.’
‘Hyde Park to be precise,’ said Cassandra. ‘We came here once on a school trip, I remember that statue.’
Angelica looked round and noticed that beside the hole they had just emerged from was the base of a statue, which must have rotated to one side when Broodangle opened the hidden exit. Above this stood the figure of a boy, now facing the wrong way with a set of musical pipes pressed to his lips.
‘That’s Peter Pan,’ said Cassandra.
‘Oh yeah,’ said Angelica, catching on. ‘Mr Beamish kept going on about it so much we all thought it was going to be about a hundred feet tall, or made of gold or something. It was a bit of a let down when we finally got here. I wonder what he’d say if he knew there was a secret tunnel under it?’
‘Not much I suppose,’ Broodangle reflected. ‘He’s an infiltrator now remember? Or an infiltrator with a goblin pilot in it to be more precise.’
‘But the real Mr Beamish must be around somewhere, with Mum and Dad and all the others?’
For once Broodangle didn’t have an immediate answer.
‘We might be able to find out from a data terminal,’ he suggested. ‘But we can’t hang around here talking, it isn’t safe at the moment.’
‘But Ploppy want go disco dancing.’
‘Not now Ploppy, we’ve got to go back the way we came.’
‘Go roller disco?’
‘No Ploppy,’ Broodangle insisted. ‘Look, we had to find a safe escape route first. The next part will be working out a way to get past the surface patrols.’
‘Go disco boutique, buy gr-ooovy gear?’
‘We’ll be back very soon I prom . . . ’
‘What is it?’ said Angelica.
‘Infiltrators. Quick everyone, get down behind those bushes.’
‘What about the statue?’
‘There isn’t time, we’ll have to leave it where it is and hope they don’t notice.’
They all crashed to the ground behind a low privet hedge. Angelica caught a brief glimpse of the patrol; a line of identically dressed rollerbladers, then buried her face in the grass as they past by only a few feet in front of them.


Chapter Eight

What Happened To Stewie

Another short flight of steps had led Stewie and the others in his group to a large reception area with gleaming marble floors and luxurious furnishings.
‘Not that way if you please, young sirs and madams,’ said a smartly dressed goblin, who was sitting behind a desk to one side of the room.
Some of the children had already started to drift along the central concourse towards a pair of heavily panelled doors.
‘That elevator doesn’t stop at the V.I.P. area, if our guests could follow me please.’
The receptionist rose from the desk and beckoned them towards a much smaller door, which he unlocked with an ornate silver key.
‘I will take them from here,’ a uniformed orc said to the receptionist.
It was the Lieutenant who had met them in the abandoned Underground station. Then he also dismissed the guards who had escorted them so far and joined the children in the elevator’s plush, leather-padded interior.
‘Hello, what’s your name?’ said Stewie, noticing a frail looking creature in an attendant’s uniform.
‘He’s just another goblin,’ said the Lieutenant coldly. ‘They don’t have names, they just do what they’re told if they know what’s good for them. Allow me to demonstrate . . . hey you!’
‘What can I do for you master?’ said the goblin coming slowly to attention.
‘Stand on one leg.’
‘Yes master.’
The goblin, who was obviously quite old, managed somehow to balance himself on one of his two equally spindly legs.
‘Now close your eyes.’
Once again the goblin did as he was told, but was now finding it almost impossible to remain upright.
‘Now I want you to lift up your other leg.’
The goblin crumpled to the floor.
‘You see,’ said the Lieutenant, ‘obedient but stupid. All they’re good for is following orders, they can’t actually think for themselves.’
Stewie tried to offer his assistance, but was immediately restrained by the Lieutenant.
‘No, no, if you help them they’ll never learn. Mind you, I don’t think there’s much hope in this case.’
‘Won’t be long before your ready for the garbage crusher, eh old-timer?’ the Lieutenant added, watching the ancient goblin struggle to his feet.
When the last two children had squeezed in, the Lieutenant closed the outer door then drew a protective grill across in front of them.
‘Which level master?’
‘One-one-five, V.I.P. arrivals.’
‘As you wish master.’ 
The goblin selected one of the buttons from the panel beside him and the elevator started to descend. A short while later, the children stepped out the elevator and passed through a pillared arcade into a broad chamber. Stewie let out a whistle of appreciation. Directly in front of them was a circle of glittering fountains, frothing and gurgling above a silvery pool. As they came closer, they found the pool was teeming with strange, otherworldly fish and stranger still was the giant mechanical bird that greeted them from its centre.

Welcome to our secret world with this our happy greeting.

Please wait here for friendly host who you will soon be meeting.

Also, scurrying back and forth was a seemingly uncountable number of goblins dressed in footman’s uniforms, who were hurriedly polishing, cleaning and generally completing last minute preparations.
‘Enough!’
The goblin footmen melted into the background as an impressive figure descended the central staircase. This creature’s features were slightly less menacing than the orcs they had seen so far, the body a little more rounded. Evidently this was one of the females of the species.
‘My little darlings,’ she said, bearing down on the children with one arm outstretched and the other attempting to straighten an enormous powdered wig.
‘Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Bogmilla De Blokk and I will be looking after you during your stay in the Underkingdom. Now, does anyone have a question before we get started?’
‘What’s going to happen to us?’ said Suzanne Marshall, a plump, freckle-faced girl from Stewie’s year.
‘Why, you’re going to have the time of your lives. You will be treated like little princes and princesses, waited on day and night.’
‘But why us?’ asked another boy in Stewie’s year, whose real name was Sukhminder but everyone knew as Sukhi.
‘The answer to that question is quite simply that you were chosen,’ their hostess replied mysteriously.
When nobody could think of any more questions Bogmilla clapped her hands three times and a small group of footmen hurried forward, carrying between them various items of scientific equipment. 
To begin with the children were measured with callipers of varying sizes, first head to toe, then around their hips, thighs, arms and waists. The measurements were called out and duly noted on a long roll of parchment, sometimes with several goblins writing simultaneously at different points along its length. Next, they were weighed using a device which seemed to require the operator to first key in what they thought was the correct weight, at which point it would either make a pinging sound and the assembled goblins would dance around cheering and slapping each other on the backs, or as was more often the case, make a noise that sounded like a slightly constipated duck. 
Understandably, the whole process was quite time consuming, so by the time the weight of the last child (the surprisingly densely bodied Charlotte Chalk) had finally been guessed, many of the children’s stomachs were beginning to grumble. 
It was Stewie, however, that spoke up first.
‘Ahh, Mrs De Blokk? When are we going to eat?’ 
‘Patience my dear,’ Bogmilla replied. ‘First you must be suitably dressed.’ 
A narrow archway to the right of the stairs led them through to the smaller but no less lavishly appointed fitting room. At the centre of the room was a mannequin, dressed in what through goblin eyes represented the height of topsider fashion. The top half was clad in the top hat, tails and bow tie of the typical English gentleman out on the town, but was inexplicably combined with the sporran and kilt of a Highland clansman.
Stewie gave a sigh of relief when he was handed a pile of relatively sensible, if still slightly gaudy, clothes. Then one of the footmen led him through to his own changing booth, and a few minutes later he was dressed in his new outfit.
‘Oh sir does look every bit the part,’ said the footman.
‘Part of what?’ said Stewie, looking confused.
‘Why, just the thing of course, the talk of the town.’
‘You don’t think it looks a little baggy?’ said Stewie, tightening the cord around his breeches. 
‘Sir is a growing boy with a healthy appetite. Sir’s clothes must allow him the freedom to move and expand with comfort.’
An ancient but still luxurious monorail car transported the children, now all dressed in the same brightly coloured robes, out of the arrivals area. Sometimes they travelled through purpose built tunnels and sometimes through more open caverns, passing over the roofs of strange rickety houses. Finally, they emerged in a much larger space, moving towards a magnificent palace crowned with many hundreds of golden domes and minarets.
The monorail continued into the palace itself and came to a stop inside a vast entrance hall, the most dominant feature of which was a large statue of an orc warrior, perhaps a hundred feet in height.
‘Wow,’ said Sukhi. ‘Look at those claws. I bet he could do a bit of damage with them.’
‘That is our ruler,’ said Bogmilla, ‘King Gnarblad, whose royal palace you will have the honour of staying in.’
‘He looks a bit angry,’ said Susanne Marshall timidly. ‘We won’t have to meet him will we?’
‘A new construction had begun on the upper levels. When it is complete you will be his guests of honour at its grand opening. But don’t concern yourself, my dear. The king has a great fondness for topsider children.’
A wry smile lingered on Bogmilla’s lips as she said this.

~

The smell of freshly baked bread filled the room, or was it eggs and bacon? Or roast turkey? Or possibly hamburgers and French fries?
The children were now seated around a rectangular table, inside one of the palace’s many banqueting halls. On the table, apart from what appeared to be solid gold cutlery, plates, and drinking goblets, were a dozen or more covered serving dishes. Bogmilla joined them at the head of the table and clapped her hands. A troop of goblin waiters circled the table, removing the covers and revealing under each one a small mountain of mouth-watering food.
Stewie’s jaw fell open, and he didn’t even notice the trickle of saliva escaping from the corner of his mouth. Directly in front of him was a pile of the most succulent sausages he had ever seen.
‘Well,’ said Bogmilla. ‘What are you waiting for?’
Stewie didn’t need any more encouragement, and neither did the rest of his schoolmates. Thirteen extremely hungry children waded in with knives and forks, serving spoons, and in many cases just their fingers; piling eggs and bacon, slices of glazed ham, roast beef, Yorkshire puddings, croissants, bagels, waffles, in fact whatever they could get hold of, onto their plates and into their mouths.
‘Ish mere manything mo mrink, missh?’ mumbled Charlotte Chalk through a mouthful of pork pie.
Bogmilla signalled once again and the waiters returned with numerous silver jugs. Then, without having to ask, they filled the children’s goblets with their favourite drinks. Stewie’s was Max Fizz Cola, Traditional Recipe. The others were good, but there was nothing like the classic original. He didn’t want to take any chances, though, even if he didn’t strictly speaking believe the rumours about the five can limit. So each time his goblet was refilled, he took a pea from a nearby untouched pile and placed it next to his plate. 
Several platefuls of food and three peas later, Stewie felt like he was about to burst. And just at that moment, the dessert courses arrived.
Stewie couldn’t believe how stupid he had been. He had assumed that the food on the table was all there would be and had filled his stomach to capacity. Looking at pained expressions of the other children, he could see that they had made the same mistake as well.
‘No, no, I’m quite full thank you,’ said Sukhi, clutching his belly and waving away the trays of fairy cakes and strawberry tarts now being offered round.
‘Are you sure we can’t tempt you with some ice cream?’ Bogmilla gestured to the waiters, who brought forth several trays of the most delicious looking, creamy vanilla-whip the children had ever seen. These, however, were also refused.
‘Or some lovely treacle pudding?’
Slices of perfectly baked treacle pudding, smothered in thick, golden custard were waved beneath the children’s noses, but still they declined.
‘I see I have no alternative then,’ said Bogmilla. ‘Bring out the triple-concentrated chocolate, fudge, butter cream, caramel, toffee, gateaux!’
There was a moment of panic amongst the children. The floor was shaking, the cutlery on the table had started to rattle.
‘Oh my god,’ Stewie exclaimed. ‘It’s on wheels!’
All eyes turned to watch as the Sherman tank of the cake was manoeuvred into the room.
‘Who’s for a slice?’ said one of the goblins, producing a broadsword-sized cake knife. 
The children were all too mesmerised to refuse, but the spell was soon broken when they tasted the first spoonfuls.
‘It’s amazing, I’ve never tasted anything like it,’ said Susanne Marshall.
‘It’s like there’s a party going on in my mouth,’ said Sukhi.
‘It’sh shurprisingly lighth,’ spluttered Charlotte Chalk.
Stewie lifted his spoon up to his lips and let the rich, dark sponge fall into his mouth. It was amazing. He could taste so many different flavours; the chocolate, the cream, the toffee, the caramel, the fudge – all blended together in exactly the right proportions.
Stewie took a second spoonful and then another. His stomach was so full already, but he just couldn’t stop himself. The more he ate, the more he wanted, and the more he continued to eat, the more the pain in his belly grew.
Some hours later, he wasn’t sure exactly how many, Stewie woke up on a large four-poster bed. 
‘Ugghh, what happened?’ he said to no one in particular.
‘I’m afraid that sir may have gotten a little carried away during the evening feast.’
Stewie rolled his head onto one side. It was one of the footmen.
‘But I feel so full,’ said Stewie. ‘I don’t think I can move even.’
‘Don’t worry, it will pass by the morning.’ said the footman. ‘Perhaps for now though a little television will help to take your mind off it.’
The footman switched on the wide screen set at the foot of Stewie’s bed, then handed him the remote control.
‘Oh and if you need anything in the night, anything at all, just pick up the phone beside you and ask for Freaksnod.’
The footman left, closing the door and leaving Stewie alone in the room. With some effort he turned his head back towards the television. It was tuned to a cookery program, the last thing he needed right now. He flipped it on to the next channel, which turned out to be a program about bread making. He pressed the button again and again. Images flashed passed, faster and faster; succulent hams being hung up to cure, eggs sizzling in a frying pan, someone spreading honey over recently buttered toast, slices of juicy melon fanned out on a plate, rivers of treacle being siphoned into tins, an endless procession of gingerbread men on a conveyor belt.
Stewie tried to switch off the television, but for some reason there didn’t seem to be a stand-by button on the remote. He was still too full to get up and search for one on the television itself, so he fell asleep instead and dreamed the strangest dream. A family of chocolate éclairs had invited him over for tea, only it was himself that seemed to be the main course. Mummy and Daddy éclair were just tucking into Stewie’s right thigh, whilst several of the younger ones had started nibbling on his toes.
Stewie awoke with a start. The only light in the room was coming from the television. A man in a white coat was showing a group of children round a cheese factory. Without thinking about it, Stewie felt beneath the bedclothes to check if his legs were still intact. Everything was all right. He felt a little foolish, but then everything was so strange in this world, he didn’t know what to believe anymore. Suddenly all he wanted was to be back at home, living his normal, everyday life. The food, the four-star treatment, being let off lessons, it had all been fun in its way, but he missed his mother and father, and his friends.
Stewie lifted himself from the bed and was relieved to find that the worst of the stomach pains seemed to have passed. He crept as quietly as he could over to the door and tried the handle. It was locked. Feeling around the edge of the room he couldn’t find any more doors or windows, so he went back to the bed and settled down with the least food related program he could find, which turned out to be a panel game for wine connoisseurs. 

~

The next day began with what would soon become a very familiar ritual; Freaksnod knocking at the door and then entering with a large breakfast tray.
‘No, really I couldn’t,’ said Stewie. ‘It’s very kind of you, but I’m not that hungry. In any case, I really think I should be going now. Mum and Dad will be wondering where I’ve got to.’
‘They did tell you at the school, didn’t they?’ said Freaksnod setting the tray down beside the bed. ‘That full parental consent has been given.’
‘For a school trip yes, but not . . .’
‘Oh no,’ Freaksnod interrupted. ‘You have been signed off for an indefinite stay with us.’
‘But that can’t be true, I don’t believe you,’ Stewie protested. 
‘Very well,’ said Freaksnod, picking up the television remote. ‘Maybe this will change your mind.’
A series of strange symbols scrolled across the screen, then the picture changed. It was the Gorman front room and standing in the middle of it were what appeared to be Stewie’s parents.
‘Hello son, it’s us,’ said his father in a slightly mechanical tone. ‘Now don’t worry, you’re going to be staying with some very nice people. You will be well looked after but you must remember to do what you’re told at all time and make sure you have plenty to eat.’
‘You may be away for some time,’ his mother continued. ‘In fact you probably won’t see us again, but it’s all for the best really. If you’re a good boy, however, and eat all your food, we might be able to send you some of your books and comics.’
Neither of them spoke again and they continued to stare emptily into the camera until the recording came to an end.
Of course Stewie didn’t believe for a moment that they had been his real parents. However, something told him it would probably be better to play along with everything for now. Stewie dutifully consumed his full breakfast under Freaksnod’s watchful eye, and when he was finished, he even allowed Freaksnod to help him into his day clothes.
‘So what are we doing today?’ said Stewie, walking towards the door.
Freaksnod picked up the phone by the bed.
‘Please sir, don’t pace about like that . . . hello, yes the young man in one fifty is ready for his transportation.’
A few minutes later there was a knock at the door and two goblin bearers entered, carrying a sedan chair between them.
‘What’s that for?’ said Stewie.
‘A tour of the palace has been arranged for the day,’ said Freaksnod. ‘The palace and its ground are quite extensive and we wouldn’t want sir to tire himself unduly.’
Stewie climbed aboard and found that the bearers were surprisingly strong, in spite of their size. They carried him to a courtyard not far from the room, where many of the other children had already been assembled. Each, like Stewie, was sitting on their own personal chair, carried by bearers of all shapes and sizes. Looking around, Stewie realised how lucky he had been to get two of more or less the same height.
In a short while Bogmilla arrived, dressed in her usual finery, and they set off. The tour began with a visit to the royal gardens, which had been given over largely to the cultivation of various moulds and some very impressive cave fungi. Stewie was about to remark that one of the larger mushrooms could have easily passed for a fairytale cottage, when a wizened goblin emerged from a door in its stem and cast a scowl in his direction. 
After the gardens and a short break for a mid-morning snack, the tour continued through a seemingly endless series of staterooms. Most of these were filled with the instruments of war, and were decorated with frescoes depicting the Blood Clan’s victories in battle, and what they generally did to the losers. 
The final stop, following a gut-busting lunch, was the royal baths. Here they saw the volcanic springs where the king and his guests came to boil away their dead and flaky scales, and the mud baths and sulphurous pools where they relaxed afterwards. Sukhi made a remark about the terrible smell, but was severely rebuked by Bogmilla. Evidently jokes about the habits of the king and his friends would not be tolerated. The children broke again for afternoon tea, then were returned to their rooms for a brief nap. After this they finished the day off with another tremendous feast in the banqueting hall. 

~

The first few days passed quickly for Stewie and isolated group, but then soon developed into quite a predictable routine. They visited the Kell Shi-Kai guardrooms, inspected the war hound kennels, toured the Blood Clan council chambers and the armoury. All of which had been quite interesting the first time around, but after a second and sometimes third visit, they had definitely began to lose their appeal. And all the while the food kept coming, and always, just when the children thought they couldn’t possibly eat another thing, some strange new delicacy was conjured up to tempt them beyond their limits. 
It was on the eighth day, however, that everything changed. They were back in the banqueting hall once again. Stewie had taken his place at the table with Sukhi on his right, wading into a gigantic lemon meringue pie, and another boy on his left who was cutting out and eating only the yolks from a plate of fried eggs. 
Stewie looked down at his empty plate and all the incredible dishes spread out in front of him, then he began to cry. 
‘Now, now,’ said Bogmilla. ‘I can see a little boy who isn’t eating his dinner. What’s the matter, can’t you find anything you like?’
Stewie didn’t answer, so Bogmilla started to list various culinary alternatives.
‘You don’t understand,’ Stewie suddenly exploded. ‘Food has always been one of the most important things in my life, but you’ve made me completely sick of it. I can’t even stand the sight of it any more.’
‘And look at this.’ he said, standing up and with some difficulty forcing his hand into the waistband of his trousers. ‘I mean, I’ll admit I was a bit chunky before I came down here, but you’ve made me . . .  well, big boned at least. And if I carry on like this, I could become a full on wobble-bottom.’
‘Don’t be silly,’ said Bogmilla. ‘You’re filling out in all the right places, and if it’s the clothes you’re worried about, they should be fitting you with a complete new wardrobe in a day or so. Come on now, why don’t you try one of these nice mince pies?’
‘You’re not listening,’ Stewie fumed. ‘I don’t want anything from you, I just want to go home!’
‘Oh dear,’ said Bogmilla. ‘Aren’t we a silly old fuss-pot?’
‘Well now, is anyone else dissatisfied with their treatment so far?’ she said to the other children.
Eleven ‘No’s’ were mumbled into the dinner plates around the table, plus one ‘Mo mish’ from Charlotte Chalk, whose mouth was still full of mashed potato. 
‘You see, everyone else is enjoying themselves, so what makes you so special?’
‘Cowards!’ said Stewie, who could see from the look on their faces they were all too afraid to say any different.
‘In a way I’m glad,’ said Bogmilla. ‘We thought that something like this might happen and we are not unprepared. I will offer you one last chance, however,’ she said, picking up a nearby scotch egg. ‘Will you accept this as a token of our good will and friendship?’
‘Never,’ said Stewie defiantly.
‘Very well then, I can see that I am left with no alternative.’
Bogmilla signalled to one of the footmen to join her, then whispered something in his ear.
‘What are you going to do?’ said Stewie, already beginning to regret his decision.
‘You’re going to find out what happens to little topsiders that won’t eat their dinner.’
A few minutes later a squad of goblin technicians came in, carrying a chair and a small metal box between them. To begin with the box was clamped firmly to the edge of the table, after which the chair was brought forward and aligned with some precision directly in front of it.
‘What’s that for?’ said Stewie, although he wasn’t sure he really wanted to know the answer.
‘The seat has been designed for your comfort and safety,’ said one of the goblins, who was now manhandling him towards the chair. 
‘We wouldn’t want you to hurt yourself once the machine has been activated,’ said another, securing his arms and legs with leather straps.
‘Machine, what machine?’ said Stewie, starting to panic.
‘Please sir, sit still, this is for your own good,’ said the first goblin. Now they were fixing some sort of mechanism over his head and around his jaw.
For the final part of the machine’s construction, wires were run from a control panel on the chair to the box on the table, and as soon as this was ready, Bogmilla addressed the children once again.
‘We have done everything in our power to try to make you comfortable and provide for your needs. You wear the finest clothes our tailors can produce, you live in the royal palace and hundreds of cooks work around the clock, creating the delicious meals you see before you. And yet in spite of all this, there is someone amongst us who still isn’t satisfied.’
Bogmilla nodded to the goblin behind Stewie’s chair.
‘You will all observe now how we deal with those who, like this young man, choose to reject our hospitality.’
The surface of the box opened up. Three mechanical arms unfurled from its interior and began groping their way blindly around the table. Suddenly Stewie wanted to scream, to plead for mercy, to tell Bogmilla he wasn’t feeling quite so brave after all and could he please have that scotch egg now? He opened his mouth to speak, or at least tried to. The mechanism clamped around his jaw was keeping his mouth closed, and all he could manage in the end was a feeble ‘Scoshh egshhh peasssshh’ through his firmly clenched teeth.
One of the arms located a plate of chocolate éclairs, and lifted the top one from the pile with the tips of its pincers. Stewie was beginning to suspect now what the nature of his punishment was going to be. He started to struggle as the arm swung round towards him, but found that the restraints were too tightly secured for him to wriggle free. A buzzing sound came from somewhere behind his ear, and he felt his jaw being forced open and closed.
Now was the time to apologise, thought Stewie.
‘I, am, ve, ry, sor, ry,’ he said, each time his mouth was opened. ‘Please, let, me, go, it, won’t, hap, pen, a, gain.’
‘I’m sorry too Mr Gorman,’ said Bogmilla. ‘But you made your choice and now you must face the consequences.’ 
A split second later the éclair was rammed into Stewie’s mouth, sending cream spewing out of the sides and down his cheeks. The chewing action continued and the arm kept pushing until the éclair had been reduced to a doughy pulp in his mouth. And then the thought occurred to him, what had they actually achieved? He could carry on like this all day if he had to, but there still was no way they were going to make him eat.  However, just at that moment another much smaller arm appeared in front of his nose and squeezed it closed. Stewie thought about this for a few seconds and then swallowed.


Chapter Nine

Saying Goodbye

It was the morning of their fifth day underground and things had begun quietly enough. Until that is, the sound of voices became increasingly audible over the rattle of the elevator car. 
‘What’s that they’re shouting?’ said one of the kids in front of them. ‘It sounds like Ken, or Ben, or something.’
The elevator came to a stop and they passed though the short length of corridor that led to the canteen. Angelica could see now several hundred children all chanting in unison ‘Chen, Chen, Chen . . . ’. Some of them were even standing on the tables and banging their trays with their cutlery. She led her sister around the edge of the room, observing with some satisfaction how little control Dirk, Digby and the other guards seemed to have over the situation. They had backed into a corner switching on their neural whips, but so far it seemed, had not had the courage to use them.
‘So what’s wonder boy been up to this time?’ said Cassandra to Broodangle and Plopbottle, who were already sitting at their preferred table.
‘M-Mister dude get topsider food, like he promise,’ Plopbottle replied excitedly.
Looking round, Angelica could see that Chen was standing by the serving hatches, supervising the distribution of chips and sausages to a mass of jostling children – and just at that moment, a further tray of Cornish pasties appeared in one of the hatches. A tremendous cheer went up once again, only to be met by an even louder roar from the kitchens.
‘IF THE LITTLE TOPSIDERS CAN’T BE QUIET, THE FOOD WILL BE THROWN BACK TO THE CAVE HOUNDS!!!’
Grimley’s enormous head had appeared beside the pasties.
But Chen had soon calmed things down, and when he had made sure everyone else had been provided for, he collected a large tray of food and brought it over to his teammates’ table. This was mostly met by sighs of gratitude and even Broodangle, who had sneaked a few sausages onto his plate, said that topsider food wasn’t nearly as bad as he’d imagined. However, Cassandra said grumpily that it looked like someone had already taken a bite out of her hamburger. Even so, this didn’t stop her from finishing her share with just as much gusto as the others.
The start of the first shift brought some welcome news for the team generally, but most of all for Plopbottle. When they arrived on site, Dirk and Digby were alone. Dirk informed them that Superintendent Growler had been recalled to the army in preparation for some forthcoming military action. 
However, the good mood lasted precisely as long as it took Dirk to draw breath and say, ‘I wouldn’t be looking so happy if I was in your shoes, you haven’t seen his replacement yet!’
This turned out to be a full blood troll named Badgnash, who certainly looked fierce enough. Dirk started to boast about what Badgnash’s skull hammer was going to do to anyone that stepped out of line, but it didn’t take long for them to realise that Badgnash’s name was not so much a mark of his ferocity, as it was an observation on his terrible eating habits. Badgnash was almost constantly eating, and each time he spoke, half chewed food escaped through the gap in his crooked jaw and dribbled down his tunic. He was also extremely gullible, and by the time the siren sounded for the mid-shift break, Chen had Badgnash eating out of his hand.
Chen began by pointing out to Badgnash that they weren’t going to make much progress with only one small goblin assigned to rivet catching duties and with everyone else watching his performance. Which was a double stroke of genius because not only did it mean that Plopbottle only had to ride the beams a few times a day from then on, but also when he did, he no longer had to worry about doing it in front of an audience. 
That evening, whilst Chen was organising the evening meal and Nuglugg had gone off to visit Norrin in the infirmary, the remainder of squad ninety-nine cast their votes for a second time but with the same result. Angelica and Plopbottle wanted to tell Chen straight away about their plans, but Broodangle was still not convinced and Cassandra was totally against the idea. And so a short while later, the still Chen-less escapees met once again and followed Broodangle through the brotherhood tunnels to a place where a small secret door opened into a room filled with many curious objects.
‘So where are we exactly?’ said Angelica, feasting her eyes on the Aladdin’s Cave of technology.
The room was crammed with scientific equipment, including data banks pulsing with multi-coloured lights, metallic spheres radiating sparks in every direction, huge display screens filled with goblin symbolic writing, and many hundreds of robotic limbs and other body parts in various stages of assembly.
‘This is the Blood Clan Tech Labs,’ Broodangle whispered in reply. ‘Only the smartest engineers and technicians are allowed to work here.’
Angelica moved to one of the workbenches and picked up a half finished mechanical hand.
‘Hey,’ she said suddenly. ‘This must be where they make those infiltrator whatsits.’
Cassandra cast a look of despair in Angelica’s direction.
‘Honestly, what have we been talking about for the last half an hour! The infiltrators are essential to the escape plan. London is crawling with patrols at the moment, how did you think we were going to get past them?’
Angelica waited until her sister had looked away and then pulled a face behind her back.
‘The lab we want is this way.’
Broodangle closed the secret door then led the others through to a reception area. Two trolls in ill-fitting night watchmen’s uniforms were fast asleep, thanks to the barrel of drugged ale that Broodangle had left outside the entrance earlier that evening. One was slumped over the security desk by the door, whilst the other was dozing in a standing position against his spear.
Once again they followed Broodangle, passing into a wide corridor with windows on either side. The first pair revealed very little as the lights had been turned off, although Angelica thought she could make out something that looked a bit like a mechanical spider in one of them. 
The two after that, where the lights had been left on, were given over on one side to the development of various hand held weapons (guns, mini-rockets, flame throwers, bazookas and so forth), whilst the other one contained something a little like a combination of a dune buggy and a small helicopter. Broodangle explained with some pride that this was called an ornithoptor, a vehicle unique to the Blood Clan that enabled them to attack in both airborne and ground assault formations. 
The next few were unlit again, apart from one on the left that housed a wide variety of fungal cultivations. Broodangle told them that once it had been extracted and refined, the sap from the fungi could be used for a wide variety of applications. This included not only poisons, many of which were totally undetectable by taste or odour, but also paralysing agents, elixirs for mind control and even memory wiping. Finally, in another of the darkened laboratories, Angelica thought she could make out the vague outline of a model city, pinpricked with appendages not unlike the ornithoptor’s rotor blades.
At the end of the corridor they stopped in front of a door, which was secured by an electronic combination lock. The fact that Broodangle had been there many times before soon became apparent when he punched in the correct number without hesitation and moved swiftly to the panel inside that housed the lighting controls. 
‘Wow,’ said Angelica and Cassandra simultaneously as the lights flickered into life. Plopbottle was not so easily impressed by goblin inventions, but still let out a yelp of surprise.
This laboratory was considerably larger than the others. In fact, the overall impression was much more that of a factory production line than a scientific facility. At the closest end of the room basic humanoid body parts had been arranged and classified. Robotic arms, hands, legs, feet and torsos were neatly stacked according to size and colour. 
Angelica picked a couple of the arms and attacked her sister from behind.
‘Watch out Caz, one of them’s making a grab for you,’ she called out, making Plopbottle squeal with laughter.
‘Very funny,’ said Cassandra wearily.
‘If you two are through messing around, perhaps we could get on,’ said Broodangle.
‘But I haven’t done the oh no, I think my arms are dropping off one yet.’
Broodangle glared at Angelica.
‘Okay, what do we have to do?’
‘Well, first we need to assemble our infiltrators. You can start by picking out some torsos.’
‘But how will we know which ones to choose?’ said Angelica. ‘And which size bits go with which other bits?’
‘Young topsiders are about as tall as the largest goblin. So you’ll both need a size nine, see over there on that shelf.’
Broodangle nodded towards a row of limbless bodies and then turned to Plopbottle and spoke somewhat apologetically.
‘You’ll be in a size one of course, but we may still have to prop you up with something to make sure you can reach the controls.’
This didn’t seem to bother Plopbottle, however, who was used to receiving remarks about his height.
Twenty minutes later the basic infiltrator bodies had been fitted together, clothed, and transported by conveyor belt to the next point in the production line.
‘So, just one more bit to go then,’ said Angelica, helping herself to a head from a nearby rack. ‘Only, none of these have got faces yet.’
‘Yes, I was wondering about that,’ said Cassandra. ‘Our parents were acting pretty strange on the day we were captured. I think we’ve both realised now that they weren’t our real mother and father.’
‘That’s more than likely,’ Broodangle conceded. ‘They would have to be replaced, otherwise they might have tried to contact the authorities when you disappeared.’
‘Hu, I wouldn’t be so certain in their case,’ Angelica joked.
‘Anyway,’ Cassandra continued. ‘The point is that even though they weren’t behaving quite like themselves, their faces were uncannily lifelike, just like the real thing in fact.’
‘That’s all down to the patented Blood Clan duplicator,’ said Broodangle. ‘All they need is a likeness taken from the front and the sides, which are usually captured by the surveillance units.’
‘Surveillance whats?’ said Angelica.
‘Robots like the infiltrators, but controlled remotely and made up to look like a topsider family pet.’
‘Right,’ said Cassandra. ‘Which explains about Mister Wilson as well. First he wouldn’t touch his food, then he disappeared altogether the next day. I was going to tell Mum about it, but when her and Dad started with the weird behaviour I forgot all about it.’
‘Would anyone like to have a go with the duplicator?’ said Broodangle. ‘We were a bit quicker than I thought with the assembly, and the copying process only takes a few minutes.’
Cassandra said she would give it a try, and stepped forward into a box which enclosed her head on four sides; top, left, right and front. A bright light flashed and Cassandra’s head emerged from the box, blinking and slightly bleary-eyed.
‘Here, take this,’ said Broodangle, offering Cassandra a shrivelled rubber likeness of her own face.
Cassandra shuddered.
‘Ugghh no, keep it away from me,’ she said, waving it away with her hand. 
‘Well if you don’t want it,’ said Angelica snatching it up.
‘Hey look at me, I’m Caz the Wazz,’ she continued, holding the rubber likeness over her own features, and then added, ‘Watch out – beep beep beep – big head coming through!’ making the noise of a manoeuvring lorry.
‘Ho, just grow up would you!’ Cassandra snapped.
‘What have I done now?’ 
The features on the rubber mask shifted into a mischievous smirk.
‘I might be smaller than you, but one of these day’s I swear I’m going to, to . . . !’
Cassandra’s face was turning red.
‘We need to get these things finished off,’ Broodangle interrupted. ‘They’ll be plenty of time to murder each other after we get top the surface. And you probably want to take that off before the glue dries.’
Angelica peeled off the mask and handed it back to Broodangle, who dropped it into an incineration chute. After this, they completed the construction of the infiltrators, first selecting the basic head units, fitting them with wigs, eyes and faces from a ready made supply, and finally locking them into place on top of the lifeless machines.
‘So how do we get inside?’ said Plopbottle, looking all over his infiltrator for some kind of opening.
‘First we’ve got to stand it up,’ said Broodangle, and the two of them manoeuvred Plopbottle’s elderly Chinese gentleman into a standing position.
‘Now, there should be a switch just behind the left ear.’
A hissing sound escaped from around the infiltrator’s neckline, then its head and shoulders pivoted backwards.
‘Up you go then,’ said Broodangle, offering his friend a hand up and then passing him a couple of technical manuals to put under him on the seat.
‘When you’re comfortable strap yourself in, then push the button on the right – that’ll power it up.’
Plopbottle did as he was instructed, but then let out a little squeak of alarm as the upper part of the body closed in over his head. Once he had recovered from the initial surprise, though, Plopbottle found the infiltrator’s interior extremely cosy and protective. 
‘Can you hear me?’ Broodangle’s voice came from a speaker on the panel in front of him. ‘If you can, wiggle one of the controls.’
Plopbottle selected a lever on the panel at random and pushed it forwards.
He heard a muffled yelp and then someone said, ‘Hey, careful – that hurt!’
‘Perhaps, I should have mentioned, the controls are extremely sensitive,’ said Broodangle. ‘Maybe you should switch on the vid-screen before you do anything else, it’s the red button next to the pressure gauge.’
Plopbottle pressed the button and the screen lit up showing Broodangle’s face, and Cassandra a little to one side nursing an injured nose.
‘Now try the voice,’ said Broodangle. ‘There should be a switch on the microphone stem. 
Plopbottle pulled the microphone towards him and turned it on.
‘Hello . . . ah, Ploppy not know what to say.’
‘That’s okay Ploppy. You’re coming through fine, but it still sounds like you. You’ll have to switch on the voice modulator, the button should be marked.’
Plopbottle spoke again, but this time he could hear the difference through the speaker.
‘Hello, it’s Ploppy again,’ he said in a voice that now sounded like Johnny Marino’s Kung Fu teacher in Disco Dudes go Crazy in China Town.
‘That’s good,’ said Broodangle. ‘Now try the arms again, but put your hands in the feedback gloves first, they’re on top of the control sticks.’
Plopbottle slipped his hands inside the gloves, which felt a bit like a slightly stiff pair of leather gauntlets he had once owned, and noticed how wriggling his own fingers had the same effect on the infiltrator’s hands.
‘You’re doing great,’ Broodangle encouraged his friend. ‘Now see if you can operate the legs. The pedals are down on the floor, but I made a few adjustments so you could reach them. The one on the right is for moving forward and back, the two in the middle are for steering, and the left one controls crouching and jumping.’
Plopbottle experimented with the walking controls for a few minutes and then Broodangle spoke again.
‘Right, now let’s try putting it all together. I want you to walk over to that cabinet and pick up one of the glass beakers from the middle shelf.
Plopbottle staggered jerkily towards the shelves and managed to extend the right arm, but at a critical moment lost his balance and punched clean through the shelf, bringing hundreds of glass beakers crashing to the ground.
‘Well, we can work on the finer points later,’ said Broodangle, shaking his head.
Some time later, no one was quite sure how long it had taken them with the disorientation of being inside the infiltrators and the constant bumps and falls in the low tunnels, the four of them had returned to the abandoned storeroom. At Broodangle’s suggestion they hid the infiltrators just inside the passage behind the secret door, starting with Plopbottle’s Chinese gentleman, then Angelica’s thick set giant of a man, Cassandra’s also rather tall lady, and finally Broodangle’s shifty looking youth in a hooded tracksuit. After this they said their goodbyes and set off for their respective sleeping quarters. Broodangle stayed a little longer, making sure that the secret door was properly closed, then blew out the candle in the middle of the room and left as well.
The next morning, as soon as the four friends were alone together, they chatted excitedly about what they were going to do once they reached the surface. Broodangle talked about travelling overland to see his cousin in the Dragon Mountains, which was the Underkingdom name for the European Alps. Plopbottle, unsurprisingly, wanted to “Go disco boutique, buy groovy gear,” then to “Boogie, boogie, all night long,” at the discotheque, and no one had the heart to tell him how much things on the surface had changed since the 1970s. 
Angelica tried to sound enthusiastic herself, joining in occasionally when the conversation moved onto where they would go and who they were going to tell about what had happened, but deep down her heart just wasn’t in it. In a few hours they would be leaving and she would almost certainly never see Chen again.
The rest of the day went by quickly and Angelica tried several times to catch Chen on his own. Quite what she was going to say she didn’t know, but in any case there always seemed to be a crowd of people around him, asking his advice or needing him to fix something. Finally, with only a short while to go before the end of their shift, she found him in a corner trying to teach Nuglugg to make a little more use out of the single sentence locked in his frazzled speech circuits.
‘Bzzzzzt, would you pass me one please,’ said Nuglugg in a mechanical tone.
‘Very good,’ said Chen encouragingly. ‘So just to recap, it’s what you just said for a no, I need a number four for a yes, the word spanner to call for help and any number of I’s for counting. Oh, and of course saying the whole sentence in a happy or sad or whatever voice to indicate the kind of mood you’re in.’
Angelica decided to try a discreet cough, but this was slightly ruined by the small burp that escaped towards the end. Chen looked up and was either too polite to mention it or hadn’t noticed the burp.
‘Oh hello,’ he said. ‘How did you and Ploppy get on with that pressure valve?’
‘Not bad,’ Angelica replied. ‘We had a bit of trouble getting the old one off but we managed all right in the end. Ploppy’s just finishing things off at the moment.’
‘Was there something else?’
‘What?’
‘You look like you’ve got something on your mind.’
‘Well, yes I have.’
Angelica blushed slightly and turned away.
‘Only I wasn’t sure, you know, how to say it exactly.’
‘Why don’t you have a go at the counting again,’ said Chen, turning to Nuglugg. ‘Try a bigger number this time, say fifty five.’
‘Bzzzzzt, I, I, I . . . ’ said Nuglugg, slowly counting off the number.
This is it, thought Angelica, her last chance to make a big impression. But then what could she say to someone who had travelled all over the world, who spoke half a dozen different languages, who was so unbelievably gorgeous and so cool at the same time.

‘Hey, what about the new Zombie Chainsaw single, it really kicks don’t you think?’ she suddenly blurted out, then without thinking added, ‘You have heard it haven’t you?’
‘What Nasty Chainsaw Smash? Yeah sure, Eddie’s agent sent me a promo copy a couple of months before the release.’
Angelica cursed herself for asking such a stupid question, then realised that she couldn’t think of anything else to say, apart from what it was like just to hear Chen speak or laugh, to see him smile, or just to be near him. And then it struck her. If she wasn’t going to see him again it wouldn’t really matter if he didn’t feel the same way. She had nothing to lose anyway, so she might as well just come out with it.
Angelica opened her mouth to speak.
‘Chen, I . . . ’
But her words trailed away as the deafening end of shift whistle sounded.
‘Look,’ said Chen, as soon as the whistle had stopped. ‘Why don’t you have a good think about what you want to say and we’ll try to find some time to talk about it tomorrow.’
Angelica felt her courage slipping away again.
‘Yeah, sure . . . tomorrow’s good for me.’
Unsurprisingly, the evening of their escape brought a host of different feelings for Angelica. Firstly regret, and anger at herself for how things had ended up with Chen. But there was some sadness as well, as they would soon be leaving their new friends behind.
‘Here take these, no charge I promise,’ said Broodangle, passing round some rucksacks which he had filled with food and other essentials for their respective journeys.
Angelica took hers and looked round firstly at her sister, and then at the two goblins, whose faces had seemed so strange to begin with but which now seemed so warm and familiar in the storeroom’s single flickering light. 
‘We’d better say our goodbyes now,’ she said quietly. ‘It won’t be so easy once we’re inside the infiltrators.’
Cassandra went first, holding out her hand rather stiffly, but Plopbottle ignored this and rushed forwards to embrace both her and her sister, somewhere around their knees.
‘Ploppy not had real friends before,’ he said emotionally. ‘Until he meet Broodangle and now you two. After Ploppy go disco, disco, he probably follow Broodangle to Dragon Mountains. Perhaps you come visit some time, I make you nice cup of topsider tea.’ 
Angelica patted the tiny goblin on the head.
‘Yeah sure, we’ll come.’
Angelica’s voice started to waver as she said this.
Broodangle held out his hand to first to Cassandra and then Angelica.
‘So this how the topsiders say goodbye?’
Angelica wrapped her hand around the goblin’s cool, scaly fingers.
‘Yeah, but if you want a proper handshake you’ve go to do this.’
Angelica twisted her hand round until their thumbs were locked together and her fingers were clasped over Broodangle’s knuckles.’
‘There’s a map in the bag showing the Dragon Mountain entrance, if you do want to drop in some time,’ Broodangle continued. ‘I also included the schematics for the mark two infiltrators, plus printouts of the people already replaced and all the schools that children have been taken from. That should help to convince your authorities.’
‘Thanks,’ said Angelica warmly. ‘But you’ve got to promise to stay out of trouble from now on. No more dodgy deals with strange little goblins, got it?’
‘Very well, I promise,’ said Broodangle.  ‘It’ll just be straight honest trading from now on.’
Without another word Broodangle went over to the packing crates in the corner of the room and pressed the button that opened the secret door.
‘Sweet Drakk, it looks like, but that’s impossible!’ he said, fumbling in his backpack.
‘What is it?’ said Angelica.
Broodangle didn’t reply immediately, until he had retrieved an electric torch from the bag and passed though the doorway.
‘Come and see for yourselves,’ he said, returning with his head hanging low.
Plopbottle went through and returned a few moments later with his head buried in his hands.
‘B-But th-they all b-broken!’ he said in quiet disbelief.
‘Whatever it is, it must be serious, he’s stuttering again,’ said Cassandra.
Cassandra and Angelica took out their torches and went through themselves, with Cassandra walking slightly ahead of her sister.
‘You’re not going to like it,’ she said, and then stepped aside so that Angelica could see.
Ahead of them, strewn across the floor of the passage, were the remains of their infiltrators. Limbs had been wrenched from their sockets and then very systematically broken again, arms had been snapped at the elbows, legs broken at the knees and ankles, fingers torn from hands, heads smashed so that the faces were no longer recognisable, circuit boards pulled out and then stamped on, wires and cables yanked out. And all were lying in such a confused pile, it would be almost impossible to tell which parts had come from which machine.


Chapter Ten

Betrayed

Angelica turned the infiltrator head over in her hands and gave it a tentative shake. One of the eyes sprung loose on the end of a tangle of wires, then the nose dropped off. Finally, the other eye fell out altogether and rolled away across the table. 
‘Mmm yes, it’s definitely broken,’ she said, tossing it back onto a pile of broken parts.
‘S-Stop that,’ said Plopbottle, rescuing the head from the pile. ‘How P-Ploppy supposed to mend things if people keep messing b-bits around?’
The tiny goblin returned to the jumble of smashed circuit boards in front of him, but almost immediately his concentration was broken again.
‘Give it up Ploppy,’ said Broodangle. ‘This is complicated stuff – engineer grade four at least, and you’re only a grade two working with a handful of rusty equipment.’
‘Hu, P-Ploppy do it all right if he still have his old toolbox,’ Plopbottle grumbled.
‘But I still don’t understand how it could have happened,’ said Cassandra, ignoring the other two.
‘Someone must have heard us leaving the cell and told the guards,’ said Angelica. ‘I bet it was that sneak Rebecca Morgan, she always had it in for me back at Norbury Park.’
‘But that doesn’t make any sense,’ Cassandra replied. ‘If the guards were on to us they wouldn’t have smashed up the infiltrators, they’d have simply arrested us and taken their machines back to the tech labs.’
‘Okay, but someone knew they were there didn’t they?’
‘So we must have been followed then.’
‘Oh d-dear,’ said Plopbottle quietly.
‘What is it?’ said Angelica.
‘How can P-Ploppy p-put this?’
‘Go on.’
Angelica’s voice was growing more insistent.
‘Well last n-night in t-tunnels, Ploppy think he hear something behind us.’
‘So why on earth didn’t you say something?’
‘P-Ploppy think it most likely just c-cave rat, think you all l-laugh at him if he say anything.’
‘Oh Ploppy, what have you done?’
Plopbottle opened his mouth to reply, but all that came out was a tiny, almost inaudible squeak.

~

‘So what did you say this place was again?’ said Angelica, looking round.
‘This is the Bureau of Information – one of the Blood Clan’s best kept secrets,’ Broodangle replied. ‘But in fact departments like this exist in almost all the Underkingdom tribes. Only the bosses don’t like to admit that behind the death or glory warrior lifestyle an army of goblin bureaucrats are working night and day keeping everything running.’
It was the following evening. Angelica, her sister and their goblin friends had just stepped out of a caretaker’s cupboard into a low, well lit room, which had been partitioned as far as the eye could see into small cubicles. 
‘But aren’t you worried someone might see us wandering around like this?’ said Cassandra. ‘I mean, surely we can’t just wander in here and start helping ourselves to classified information.’
‘Well, this lot are all far too busy to notice anything,’ said Broodangle, nodding to one side.
The two sisters peered over the partition wall, and saw in each cubicle, a goblin clerk huddled over a computer terminal and talking continuously to into a microphone in front of them:

Order two-five-zero war buggies, sixteen ornithoptor squadrons, fifty battle tanks to Death Hand battle group  . . .

. . . Sixteen barrels bone flour to workers kitchen, sector seven . . .

. . . Sector five reports tunnel collapse, send repair team and body collectors . . .

. . . Increased black market activity in the Big Wheel, send extra squad un-uniformed constables . . .

. . . Chancellor Griswold requests entertainers for royal banquet, suggest Ziggy Slimevest and the Goblin Loud Orchestra . . .

‘And if we get stopped by the guards we’ll just have to bluff it out,’ Broodangle continued above the general hubbub. ‘I’ll show them my squad ninety-nine I.D. and say we’ve been sent to repair a broken display unit.’
‘But there’s no way we’d pass for a maintenance crew,’ said Cassandra. ‘We haven’t got any equipment with us for one thing.’
‘That’s not true, strictly speaking,’ Broodangle replied, and borrowing a badly corroded wrench from the top pocket of Plopbottle’s overalls, added, ‘Yes, I think we might just manage it with a little help from Honest Braytarr’s Lesson Ninety Two – Bluffing is simply a matter of perception. A goblin carrying a clipboard is a bureaucrat, a goblin with a spanner in his hand is a technician.’
The four of them continued to skirt the edge of the room for a while, then turned into the central aisle with Broodangle in the lead. They stopped outside an empty cubicle.
‘Ah, here we are,’ said Broodangle loudly. ‘Booth two-one-six-seven, faulty containment circuit the supervisor said.’
As predicted, neither of the clerks in the adjacent cubicles was showing any interest in what they were doing. But even so, Broodangle still made a good pretence, sliding under the desk and rattling around with the wrench.
‘I need someone to power on the screen,’ he said again in a raised voice, then whispered, ‘Pssst Ploppy, over here,’ gesturing for his friend to join him.
Plopbottle sat down in front of the screen and switched it on.
‘Good,’ said Broodangle quietly. ‘Now tell me, what does it say on the screen?’
‘It ask for access l-level and entry code.’
‘Request level three access with an entry code of Broody-Six-Nine-Seven, don’t ask how I got it.’
Plopbottle tapped very slowly at the keyboard using only one finger.
‘Okay, we is in,’ he said finally.
‘Open up the justice department submenu and look for recent reports from agents working in our area,’ Broodangle continued. ‘We’re trying to find out if anyone has been assigned to follow us.’
Plopbottle started typing again, corrected himself, cursed a couple of times, but eventually seemed to have found what they were looking for.
‘P-Ploppy can see one, two, three, four . . . a whole load of stuff for last few days.’
‘Is there anything about us?’
Plopbottle scrolled down through the list of reports shaking his head, then stopped when something caught his eye.
‘There is one report about t-tall con-gob selling dodgy power packs.’
‘They were not dodgy,’ said Broodangle defensively. ‘That was quality merchandise, pinched them myself from the best wholesaler in the district. Anyway, what’s next?’
‘Nothing, that end of list.’
‘Are you sure that’s all there was?’ said Broodangle, emerging from under the desk.
Plopbottle shrugged his shoulders.
‘P-Ploppy think so,’ he replied uncertainly. ‘Only P-Ploppy never sure which b-buttons to press with these things.’
Broodangle moved his friend to one side.
‘Let me have a look.’
Broodangle’s fingers danced expertly across the keyboard. A blur of screens opened and closed as he searched the Blood Clan database.
‘Ploppy was right, said Broodangle. ‘There’s nothing in the recent reports folder.’
‘I’m going to try the prison records next,’ he added. ‘If it wasn’t an investigation agent then maybe the person we’re looking for has been picked up by the constables.’
‘Did you say prison records?’ said Cassandra, who was standing with her sister just outside the cubicle. ‘You could look for our Mum and Dad.’
‘Hey yeah, good idea,’ said Angelica. ‘I mean, they might not be the best parents in the world, but they’re the only ones we’ve got.’
‘Very well,’ said Broodangle. ‘I couldn’t find anything here either, what is your blood name?’
‘I think he means our surname,’ said Cassandra, noticing her sister’s puzzled expression.
‘Oh, right, it’s Klamp in that case,’ said Angelica. ‘That’s K - L - A - M - P.’
‘I’ll do a phonetic enquiry,’ said Broodangle. ‘That means I’ll be able to search using the sound of the name, rather than trying to spell it in goblin.’
Broodangle tried various alternatives.
‘KALL-AMP, KLA-AMP, KELL-AMP, no, nothing for that either, KOLL-AMP . . . ’
Five minutes later it looked like he was about to give up, when he leaned on the keyboard and entered the name “GLA-UMP”.
‘Ah yes, this is it I think,’ he said, although it was obvious that the search had been started by accident. ‘A tall, well dressed female, brought in with a male who kept demanding to use one of our com-links to contact his office.’
‘That’s them all right,’ said Angelica, with a chuckle. ‘Does it say anything else?’
‘Only that they’re in good health and are being held in one of the cells on the lower levels. I’ll request a schematic of their location, it shouldn’t take long.’
A short while later a canister arrived with a whoosh of air in a glass tube next to the desk. Broodangle opened the canister then unfolded a piece of paper, which he explained was a map of the prison complex where their parents were being held.
‘Hey, what about Stewie?’ said Angelica suddenly. ‘Stewart Gorman, he’s my friend, can you search for him as well?’
This time it only took Broodangle a few seconds to realise they weren’t going to get anywhere.
‘I’m sorry, there are no records of any topsider children being held in the prison complexes,’ he said, turning round. ‘Are you sure he wasn’t just sent to one of the work gangs?’
‘No, we’d have heard about it by now. They must have taken him somewhere else.’
It was then that Angelica remembered what the Lieutenant had told them in the abandoned Underground station.
‘Hey, didn’t they say that the kids in Stewie’s group were going to get some kind of special treatment, like royalty they said.’
‘Maybe I should try the royal guest list then.’
Broodangle returned to the keyboard and started another search
‘Drakk, restricted access!’ he said, stopping at a screen showing a picture of a spiked club being smashed into someone’s skull.
Broodangle’s fingers moved faster and faster as he tried to bypass the screen’s security.
‘No, it’s no good, I’m totally locked out,’ he said finally.
‘But there must be something you can do,’ Angelica pleaded.
‘Well, we would need to override the security circuits somehow. We could try a power spike. The only problem is it would be detected in the control station almost straight away.’
Broodangle nodded towards a glass walled office a short distance away.
‘Okay so it’s a risk,’ said Angelica. ‘But if me and Caz keep a look out, we could all make a run for it as soon as anyone comes our way.’
‘All right,’ Broodangle agreed, then he quickly explained to Plopbottle how to crosswire the screen’s power supply with its data cable.
A momentary buzzing sound came from the screen, then the restricted access symbol disappeared.
‘We’re in,’ said Broodangle, typing more furiously than ever.
The screens were flashing by so quickly now that Broodangle’s running commentary became the only way for the others to follow what he was doing.
‘Royal palace . . . guest quarters . . . guest lists . . . ah yes, you were right! He’s been billeted with a small group of children in the royal apartments. They are receiving top level hospitality, being waited on night and day, it doesn’t say why though which is strange.’ 
‘Okay that’s enough, we better get going,’ Cassandra interrupted.
‘No wait, there’s something else, something about a royal banquet, real lavish affair and your friends are going to be introduced as the guests of honour.’
‘So they’ve been invited to some fancy orc shindig, what’s the big deal?’
Cassandra was starting to sound a little anxious and kept looking nervously over her shoulder.
‘You don’t understand. Being the guest of honour usually means you’ll be getting the chop at some point in the proceedings. It’s the king’s idea of a joke. You know, invite a few unsuspecting out-of-towners to dinner, show them a good time, then at the climax of the evening everyone gets to watch them being boiled alive or something.’
Broodangle scrolled to the bottom of the report.
‘In this case, however, the young topsiders aren’t going to be executed exactly.’
‘So what is going to happen to them then?’ Angelica demanded.
‘They’re going to be . . . eaten!’

~

The next few days passed all the more slowly for Angelica, as she was desperate now to help Stewie and the others in his group. It had been generally agreed, however, that no rescue attempts would be possible until Broodangle could think of a way to find out who had been following them. So there had been little else to do but to return to work and to watch as the new construction started to take on a shape of its own. Occasionally, when the children were alone with their goblin friends, they would look up and talk about whatever it was they were all helping the bosses to build. For a while they argued about whether the huge arched ribs made it look like the interior of a giant mechanical whale, or the inside of a leviathan from the black pools of the central regions. But this was soon forgotten about after the floors and walls were put in place, and when Broodangle told them what he had been planning.
It had been agreed that they would set off with all the appearances of one of their usual nightly excursions. Everyone knew exactly where they were going, but from time to time they would stop as if to check their bearings and to call upon Plopbottle’s exceptional sense of hearing. They did this first when they left the storeroom, then when they boarded the empty rail cart, which after a couple of hours brought them to the edge of the Blood Clan system, and one last time at the mouth of a wide tunnel.
‘Yes, it very faint but Ploppy still hear something,’ said the tiny goblin.
‘Good,’ said Broodangle. ‘Now, you all know what to do?’
The others nodded.
‘Very well, I’ve laced this torch with several times the usual amount of fuel oil, which should be sufficient to hide your movements as you move off ahead of me.’
Broodangle lit the torch and then lifted it high above his head, sending a harsh orange glow into the tunnel ahead of them.
‘You know, work on this trade artery actually began during a brief period of peace between ourselves and our southernmost neighbours,’ he said. ‘But it had to be abandoned after King Gnarblad’s father accidentally shot the Iron-Tooth king’s favourite war hound with a Bazookoid 9000 rocket launcher.’
‘Okay, enough with the history lessons already. We’re here to do a job remember?’ said Angelica, who was anxious to get started.
‘All right, keep your scalps on. I just thought you might be interested,’ Broodangle grumbled into his beard.
The first to go was Plopbottle, who scurried off furtively and quickly vanished as he moved beyond the reach of Broodangle’s light. After this Cassandra nodded briefly to the others and then disappeared as well. Now it was Angelica’s turn. She stumbled forward into the gloom, trying to keep a count of her steps. Then, as she reached what she thought was the right number, she turned ninety degrees to the right and continued until she had reached the tunnel wall.
‘Damn, there’s nothing here,’ she swore to herself.
Angelica felt around the wall for a few moments, but still couldn’t find anything. Then it occurred to her. She was a little taller than Broodangle, and so her steps would have taken her further than the ones he had counted out the previous evening. Angelica started back along the tunnel and found the maintenance alcove she had been looking for. She let out a sigh of relief, slipped into the narrow recess and fumbled around until she had located the crossbow and a quiver of bolts that had left for her. Angelica put the strap of the quiver over her neck, fitted one of the bolts into the crossbow and suddenly wished she had paid more attention in Broodangle’s combat training classes. Was it cock the trigger first and then pull back the drawstring, or the other way round? In the end she decided there was no point worrying about this until the weapon was needed. So she settled down instead, watching as Broodangle’s light passed her position and continued along the tunnel. Somewhere out there were her sister and Plopbottle as well, each in their own alcove, unless they had also lost their way in the darkness. 
The echo of Broodangle’s footsteps was growing fainter. Any moment now he would reach the end of the tunnel and give his signal.
Hold on, that’s not right, thought Angelica. The footsteps were growing louder again. Then it occurred to her, they must be someone else’s. These were much stealthier and had an almost catlike quality about them. Angelica was just wondering how Plopbottle had managed to hear something so quiet from any kind of distance, when she realised they had stopped directly in front of her alcove. She held her breath and wished that her heart would stop beating so loudly. They moved on again. Angelica waited a few more seconds before releasing the air from her lungs. 
As soon as the footsteps had died away Angelica picked up her crossbow, carefully drew the bowstring back and was relieved when the trigger seemed lock itself into place automatically. She stepped out of the alcove. In the distance she could see Broodangle’s light moving from side to side. That was it, the signal. She switched on the powerful electric torch fixed to one side of the weapon. A few seconds later this was joined by Cassandra’s light directly ahead of her and then Plopbottle’s a little way beyond that. 
Three intense beams swept the tunnel, each one scouring the floor, the walls and even the ceiling for any sign of their prey. Then Angelica heard a brief, stifled yelp as the furthest light went out. What was going on? Was Plopbottle in trouble? She thought about going to help him, but then remembered; Broodangle had told them it was essential to stay in their positions for his plan to have any chance of success. 
There was another cry and the sound of a struggle. A second light span away into the darkness.
‘Sorry Ange, I couldn’t stop him,’ her sister called out. ‘It’s up to you now.’
Angelica angled her crossbow towards the ground, hoping that this might prevent her from being disarmed quite as easily as the others.
‘Hey you, who’s there?’ she said, as her light caught the edge of a shadowy form.
Angelica span round and could see now a slender figure dressed from head to toe in black, including a full-face mask. She raised the crossbow into a firing position, as Broodangle had shown them.
‘Stop or I’ll shoot!’ she said, trying to sound like she really meant it. Then it occurred to her that the shadowy figure had already stopped moving.
The masked head tilted to one side and a gloved hand reached out towards her. 
‘I’m warning you,’ she said, tightening her grip around the crossbow’s trigger.
However, before she could even think about whether she was really willing to carry out her threat, a small hook flew forwards on the end of a length of chain and yanked the crossbow from her hands. This caused the bolt to fire, but the shadowy figure avoided this with almost effortless side-step.
‘Try dodging this!’ said a voice somewhere on Angelica’s right.
Another light came on. It was Broodangle, and Angelica could see that his torch was attached to what also looked like some kind of weapon. He pressed a button and before there was any time to react, the masked figure was trapped in a mass of sticky white threads.
‘Not bad, eh?’ said Broodangle proudly. ‘It’s a heavy duty web launcher, got it off a mate of mine for five barrels of goblin ale and a box of high-tensile springs.’


Chapter Eleven

Unmasked

The decision for the early deployment of the mark one machines fell ultimately to General Zanar, hero of the Dragon Mountain wars and then commander-in-chief of the infiltration forces. However, his head would soon be taking its place in the king’s trophy cabinet.
Gribble the Scribbler

‘I expect you’re wondering why I destroyed the infiltrators,’ said the unmistakably cool voice.
By now everyone else had recovered their weapons and joined Broodangle in a circle around the masked figure, who was still picking the last of the web launcher’s adhesive fibres from his clothing.
‘I knew it,’ said Cassandra. ‘Didn’t I say we couldn’t trust him?’
‘S-Sorry, Ploppy not understand, who we not trusting?’
‘It’s Chen,’ said Angelica coldly. ‘Come on, you can take that stupid thing off, we all know who you are now.’
Chen pulled the woollen balaclava from his head and shook his lustrous black hair back into its natural shape.
‘And you can cut that out as well,’ said Angelica. ‘Anyway, you won’t be looking quite so handsome when I’ve finished with you.’
Angelica’s face was flushed with rage. How could he have done something like that to them, and to her most of all? She passed her crossbow to Cassandra then attempted to land a punch in the pit of Chen’s stomach. However, this was easily knocked aside by a sideswipe from his upturned hand. After this a series of attempted blows followed in quick succession, finishing with a failed kick that left Angelica lying in a sprawl on her back.
‘Your fighting style is unorthodox but still effective,’ said Chen, holding out his hand to Angelica. ‘With the right training you could become an effective fighter.’
Angelica slapped the hand away and rose to her feet unaided. And then it was Plopbottle’s turn.
‘P-Ploppy t-trusted you!’ said Plopbottle bitterly. His usual look of bemused helplessness had changed to one of bitter hatred.
Plopbottle raised his weapon and took a somewhat shaky aim in Chen’s direction.
‘Oh, I don’t think you want to do that,’ said Chen quite calmly. ‘Not if you want to find out what’s really been going on around here.’
‘If you’re talking about what’s going to happen to Stewie and the others at the banquet, we already know about that,’ said Angelica dismissively.
‘What I’m taking about is why the Blood Clan High Council has just recalled all veteran warriors to active service, why yourselves and several thousand other children were abducted from the Greater London area, and more importantly, what we’ve all been helping them to build for the past few weeks. And that’s what I was sent here to find out.’
‘Hold on,’ said Angelica. ‘What do you mean sent?’
‘Strictly speaking I shouldn’t be telling you this, but after what we’ve been through together already, I guess I can trust you.’
‘Him trust us? Can you believe the nerve of this guy,’ said Cassandra.
‘Let the young topsider speak,’ said Broodangle. ‘I want to hear want he’s got to say.’
‘Thank you,’ said Chen. ‘But before I begin, would you mind pointing that thing in another direction Ploppy? You don’t have the look of a killer, but it could still go off by accident and I don’t think you really want that any more than I do.’
‘Hu, P-Ploppy not so sure about that mister smarty b-boots,’ Plopbottle grumbled, but still lowered his weapon.
‘Thank you.’
Chen paused for a moment, looked over his shoulder, and when he spoke again his voice was noticeably quieter.
‘It all started about a year ago. Something that could only be described as a very unconvincing looking man appeared at the gates of a school in Islington, North London. At first everyone thought it was some kind of prank. One of the teachers that went out to meet him described the man’s face as waxy and lifeless and said that the movement of his lips couldn’t quite keep time with the obviously artificial voice.’
‘One of the old mark ones,’ said Broodangle, catching on.
‘What’s a mark one when it’s at home?’ Angelica asked.
‘The mark ones were very early infiltrator prototypes,’ Broodangle explained. ‘They were mainly used for reconnaissance but were so unconvincing they had to be taken out of service almost straight away.’
‘Well this one certainly didn’t fool anyone,’ Chen continued. ‘And when it said it was an inspector from the ministry of children, then demanded to see a list of all pupils arranged in age, height and weight order, that’s when bells started to ring.’
‘Was it d-dinner time?’ said Plopbottle looking puzzled.
‘I think he means alarm bells rather than dinner bells,’ Broodangle explained.
‘Please go on,’ he said to Chen.
‘Well, after that one of the teachers was sent to call the police whilst the others kept the thing talking. Of course as soon as they showed up it tried to get away. Said it was the strangest thing they’d ever seen, staggering about all over the place with steam pouring out of its trouser legs. Until that is it the machine toppled over, broke in half, and two small reptilian creatures tumbled out.’
‘Hold on,’ said Cassandra. ‘If what you’re saying is true and the police knew about all this a year ago, then why wasn’t something done about it at the time?’
‘It wasn’t as simple as that. To begin with, the creatures were taken by government agents to a secure location, but after two days of intense interrogation they had revealed little more than the fact that they preferred to be called goblins rather than little green men. Then on the morning of the third day their cell was found empty. A previously unknown species of worm was found still chewing on what was left of the window bars.’
‘So how on earth did you get to hear about all this?’ Cassandra demanded. ‘Or are you going to tell us your dad is the head of MI5 or something?’
‘Well, not exactly the head,’ Chen replied. ‘But pretty high up all the same.’
‘Yeh, right!’ Cassandra scoffed.
Chen ignored this and continued, ‘The incident with the two creatures had been enough to convince the government to set up a new unit called Department G, which was when my father was called in.  He took over the running of the department pretty much from day one, but he soon realised they had very little to go on apart from the creatures’ interest in this North London school. And then he hit upon the idea of sending in his own son to work as an agent on the inside.’
‘So what happened next?’ said Broodangle.
‘Well first of all I was trained intensively in the techniques of espionage, surveillance, martial arts, as well as yogic meditation and other forms of mental discipline.’
Cassandra let out a derisive snort, but Chen continued regardless.
‘After that I was kitted out with the latest micro cameras, transmitters, all the usual field equipment, then enrolled with the cover story that I was moving school because my father had just been relocated to another job, which wasn’t so far from the truth anyway.’
‘And what did you find out?’
‘Absolutely nothing to be honest. Until about a month ago, that is, when the teachers started behaving very strangely. Then one day they told us we were all going on a trip.’
Cassandra stopped pulling faces behind Chen’s back and looked at her sister. His story was suddenly sounding very familiar.
‘As soon as I could I radioed back to base. They told me to go along with the trip, but to call back at regular intervals.’
This time it was Angelica’s turn to interrupt.
‘And then they took you to the nearest tube station, only as soon as the train was under way you couldn’t send a signal back any more,’ she said.
‘That’s right. How did you know?’
‘The same thing happened to us, except our mobiles weren’t working to begin with.’
‘This is all very interesting,’ said Cassandra. ‘But it still doesn’t explain why you smashed up our infiltrators.’
‘Ah yes,’ said Chen uncomfortably. ‘I think it was on my second or possibly third night underground that I worked out a way to break out of our cell. Naturally I started to scout around, as I’d been trained, and it wasn’t long before I came upon your group on one of your nightly outings. I decided it would be a good idea to keep an eye on you for a few days, but then when I realised you were planning to escape I had to think of a way to stop you without blowing my cover.’
‘I don’t understand,’ said Angelica. ‘What difference would it have made if we had got out?’
‘Well to start with the orcs would have realised that the cells weren’t quite as escape proof as they’d thought. Probably would have fitted better locks on the doors or posted guards in the corridors. Either way my scouting trips would have been over.’
‘Hey no offence pal, but we already had the situation well under control,’ said Cassandra. ‘We were going to get help ourselves once we got out.’
‘So who do you think would have believed you? And what if the person you told was just another infiltrator, did you think about that?’
‘I don’t know, I’m sure we’d have thought of something. We were doing pretty well until you came along.’
‘There’s something else as well,’ said Chen, lowering his voice again.  ‘Something a lot more serious than a whole load of kids being abducted.’
‘And eaten, you haven’t forgotten Stewie’s lot have you?’ Angelica added.
‘Yes, even worse than that potentially.’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘Well I’m not sure exactly, it’s more of a hunch. It all has to do with the construction site and that thing that we’ve all been working on.’
‘So you know what it is then?’
‘No, not exactly. But it’s going to be big, really big. And they’ve already started to bring in the parts for a massive engine. Oh, and there’s one more thing, to do with where it’s being built.’
‘Go on.’
‘Well I rode out on a freight train a couple of days ago, back to the place where they grabbed me, taking compass bearings along the way and timing the journey to work out a rough distance.’
‘And . . . ’
‘According to my calculations, the construction site is directly underneath Central London.’
‘But our burrows span the world,’ Broodangle cut in. ‘With tunnel systems under almost every city on the surface, and very rarely have they interfered with the topsiders and their affairs. What makes you think this is going to be any different?’
‘Uhhm, I think I might be able to help with this one,’ said Angelica, a little sheepishly.

~

‘They can’t be serious,’ said Angelica’s sister. ‘There’s no way a thing like this could get off the ground, and even if it did, it would fall to pieces in seconds.’
Having listening to his story even Cassandra had reluctantly agreed to a temporary alliance with Chen. And as soon as this had been agreed, they returned to the Tech Labs to look at the model that Angelica had seen on their previous visit.
Chen studied the model, turning one of the tiny rotor blades with the end of his finger.
‘I’m not so sure, the basic principle is sound enough,’ he said. ‘Anyway, the main issue isn’t whether or not it’s really possible for this thing to work, but that the orcs believe it is.’
‘Either way a whole load of people are gonna get hurt,’ said Angelica solemnly.
‘But what can we do about it?’ Cassandra chipped in. ‘I mean, a few school kids and a couple of goblins against that thing?’
‘We’ve got to stop it,’ said Chen, thumping his fist onto the model’s surround.
‘At the risk of sounding ever so slightly mercenary, what do you mean we?’ said Broodangle, moving closer to Plopbottle’s side.
‘N-No Broody,’ said Plopbottle firmly. ‘These people our friends now, they need our help.’
‘Yes, and what do you think would happen after us topsiders found out about the Underkingdoms?’ Chen added. ‘We can’t live peacefully amongst ourselves, let alone with three new humanoid species.’
‘Mmm, but war can be very good for business,’ Broodangle reflected.
‘Or it could be a great way to get yourself killed.’
Broodangle glanced between the faces of the three children and finally caught Plopbottle’s wide-eyed expression.
‘Very well,’ he sighed. ‘What do you want me to do?’

~

‘Something’s going to happen . . . something big!’
After four days this was all that Broodangle had learned from the regulars of the shuggy board halls, gambling dens, rat derby tracks and his other favourite hang outs, and any further questions about new construction site had produced only downcast looks or suddenly remembered appointments on the other side of the Quadrant. But then, on the evening of the fifth day in a shadowy corner of Spongo’s Cocktail Bar, he found someone who was only too willing to offer his opinions.  
‘If you want my advissse friend, you’ll keep your sss-snout out of things that don’t concern you. You know that the brotherhood is only tolerated s-sso long as it pays its tribute to the king and doesn’t interfere in his afairsss.’
Broodangle stared into the cold glint of Garnax’s eyes, which in the dim light of the bar were the only visible features inside his cavernous cloak.
‘We know what you and your friends have been up to,’ Garnax continued. ‘Breaking into the Bureau of Information ss-so indiscreetly and stealing the king’s inventions from the Tech Labsss. When you borrow one infiltrator purely for profit and nobody noticesss, then we praise your ingenuity. But when you take four of them and don’t bring them back, that’s when questions ss-start to be asked. And now you are asking questions of your own, dangerous questionsss, very dangerous indeed.’
‘I don’t care any more,’ said Broodangle defiantly. ‘Meeting the topsiders has taught me that there’s more to life than double-dealing and profit margins.’
‘Pah,’ Garnax scoffed. ‘I always thought you never really had the s-sstomach for our profession.’
‘That may be true,’ Broodangle conceded. ‘But I didn’t come here to barter insults Garnax. I came hear for information about the bosses’ new construction.’
‘Now why sh-should I tell you anything about that?’
Broodangle heaved a small chest onto the table and opened it just enough to reveal the glint of silver and gold.
‘There, that’s all my profits to date. I’ve been selling off my stock recently, was thinking of going in with my cousin on his rat dog stand.’
‘S-SSo,’ said Garnax. ‘You’re a bigger fool than I thought. I will tell you what you want to know, though, but first I have s-ssomething to give you.’
Broodangle was puzzled for a moment, until he saw the shrivelled object in Garnax’s outstretched palm.
‘The Black Carbuncle,’ he said quietly. ‘Has it come to this then?’
‘I’m afraid s-sso brother. But first, as is the custom, you will be granted two days to settle any outstanding business affairsss.’
‘I don’t suppose, I mean, you don’t know who they’ll send do you?’
But Garnax didn’t need to speak to answer Broodangle’s question. Instead two rows of cruel grinning teeth appeared beneath the eyes.
‘Very well,’ said Broodangle, taking the object from Garnax’s hand. ‘I’ll consider myself marked from this moment, but now you’re going to tell me what I came here to find out.’
And so Garnax talked whilst Broodangle listened. Listened to a story of a ruthless king who would stop at nothing to destroy his enemies, even if it meant dragging the surface world into Underkingdom affairs.
‘So they’re calling it the Doom Speaker then,’ said Broodangle, as soon as Garnax had finished. ‘And it’s going to be an aerial attack on the Iron-Tooth capital. Remind me, isn’t there a topsider settlement somewhere near there?’
Garnax bared his teeth once again, evidently taking some pleasure in what he was about to say.
‘The Iron-Tooth capital lies directly beneath the city known, I believe, to your precious topside friends as Parisss.’

~

Angelica sighed quietly to herself. Squad ninety-nine had been ordered to assist with the assembly of the steam turbines that would eventually power the Doom Speaker, which also meant that Chen was back in charge again; giving orders, making decisions and giving help where it was most needed. Only, she hadn’t been paying much attention to what he was actually saying. All she could do was to wonder how she had ever doubted him, and to think about how incredibly handsome he looked. And just how did he keep up his immaculate appearance? Her T-shirt was so dirty by now that the picture of Eddie and the zombie army were barely visible.
Someone else was talking.
‘Bzzzzzt, I, I, I!’
It was Nuglugg, the goblin engineer whose damaged brain had been replaced by an electronic alternative.
‘Oh, sorry,’ said Angelica, handing over three nails from the box beside her.
Angelica tried to think about something else, and let her gaze wander passed Dirk and Digby Henderson, who were lazily standing guard with their cronies, to other areas of the workshop and over the other children who during the weeks underground had become quite proficient with new skills such as welding and riveting. 
Something caught her eye and Angelica’s attention returned to Chen once again. Was he winking at her? Then she remembered that this was a pre-arranged signal. 
Angelica checked again. The twins were now busy watching Plopbottle, who had just gone into his disco dancing routine. She reached into the box of nails, took out a small remote control and pressed the button. Almost immediately thick white smoke started to pour from the furnace doors on the nearest boiler, and just as quickly, confusion spread amongst the guards. They took out their crossbows, swords and neural whips, and adopted defensive positions. But then, realising they were facing an enemy that could neither be shot, stabbed or racked with excruciating pain, they turned with helpless expressions, first to Dirk and Digby who were supposed to be in charge of the work detail, and then finally to Chen when it was obvious that neither of the twins had the slightest idea how to handle the situation.
Chen appeared to be considering things for a few moments, then issued a stream of orders. Angelica and Plopbottle ran to fetch gas masks and fire fighting equipment from a nearby tool locker, whilst Cassandra, Broodangle and Chen motioned everyone else away from the doors.
Then, as soon as Angelica and Plopbottle had returned, they all put on their masks and climbed inside the smoky furnace. Broodangle, who was the last to go in, pulled the doors closed behind them.
‘Don’t worry,’ he said, taking his mask off again. ‘The smoke is quite harmless, they use it in the goblin theatres.’
Angelica removed hers as well, and glancing down, could just make out the outline of the smoke grenade at her feet.
‘Pretty ingenious eh?’ Broodangle continued.  ‘I rigged up the remote trigger using parts from a toy battle chariot.’
‘You did well,’ said Chen. ‘But we have important matters to discuss and there isn’t much time. If you could douse the grenade, oh, and light the gas lamp as well please.’
Angelica heard the grenade hiss briefly, then came gentle hiss of the lamp. Slowly, her friends’ faces started to emerge from the haze.
‘Apologies for the elaborate arrangements,’ said Chen. ‘But as soon as I heard the news I thought we better get together as soon as possible, rather than wait for our evening meeting. Anyway, it’s your story,’ he said to Broodangle. ‘So why don’t I shut up and let you get on with it.’
Broodangle told them most of what he had found out in Spongo’s Cocktail Bar, only leaving out the part about the contract on his life.
‘So how long have we got?’ said Angelica, when Broodangle had finished.
‘Well the attack is supposed to begin some time during the king’s party, which is in three days time.’
‘Exactly,’ said Chen. ‘Which means we’ve got to act fast.’
‘B-But what can we do against b-bosses g-great b-big n-nasty machine?’ Plopbottle stammered.
‘We’ve got to find a way to shut it down it from the inside,’ said Chen.
‘And rescue Stewie and those other kids before it’s too late,’ Angelica added.
‘Right. We’ll have to split into two groups, work out what each team needs to do then put both plans into action simultaneously.’
‘So who goes with who?’ 
Angelica was secretly hoping that she would be picked to go with Chen.
‘Well it makes sense that the best engineer should lead the party that’s going into the Doom Speaker.
Chen turned towards Plopbottle as he said this.
‘B-But Ploppy never been in charge before. Him too small, n-nobody take any notice when he say to do things,’ said Plopbottle timidly.
‘Listen,’ said Chen, bending down to Plopbottle’s level. ‘It doesn’t matter if you’re big or small, it’s what’s inside you that counts. Now I know you’ve got what it takes, I’ve seen you out on those beams remember?’
Plopbottle nodded bravely.
‘Now things could get a little rough in the palace with all those Kell Shi-Kai guards running around, so I think I should go in with the second team.’
Angelica held her breath as Chen prepared to make the final announcement.
‘I’ve given this a lot of thought,’ he continued. ‘And I believe to make sure the rescue party has any chance of success, it has to contain our two best fighters.’
Angelica’s heart leapt, thinking that this meant she would be going with Chen.
‘Which means,’ Chen continued, ‘that Broodangle will be coming with me, and Cassandra as well. Angelica, you’ll be helping our little friend here.’
‘What?’ said Angelica, indignantly. ‘I thought I was the second best fighter.’
‘No,’ said Chen, ‘I’m second best. It was Broodangle that finally caught me if you remember. We might be good at the flashy hand to hand stuff, but that’s no match for a really proficient firearms expert, combined with sheer goblin cunning.’


Chapter Twelve

The Dragon Fire Device

Another evening and then half a morning had passed, and Angelica was already completely sick their stories. The others had had something of an adventure, it seemed, searching out a safe route to the palace. Where as all that she had learned on her brief expedition with Plopbottle, was how quickly a little power can go to a tiny person’s head.
‘ . . . then we had to swing across this great big ravine, only it was so dark you couldn’t really see anything, but you could still hear the water hundreds of feet below,’ said Cassandra with uncharacteristic enthusiasm. ‘And did I tell you about the royal gardens, it was like a great big forest, but with giant mushrooms instead of trees.’
‘Only about a hundred times already,’ said Angelica wearily.
‘How about the armoury?’
‘Yes!’
‘The state rooms?’
Angelica found some rags lying nearby, tore off two strips and then stuffed them into her ears.
They had been assigned to help clear away rubbish and equipment from beneath the underbelly of the Doom Speaker, which by now stretched out in all directions above the entire site and was supported on either side by two immense caterpillar tracks.
‘Hey, look over there,’ said Chen suddenly. ‘Another train’s coming in.’
A steam locomotive had pulled up and stopped so that its carriages were directly beneath the war machine’s central loading bay, a broad opening from which the occasional crane hook had been descending to pick up supplies.
‘What was that?’ said Angelica, removing one of the rags from her ear.
‘A train’s coming in.’
‘What is it, another load of supplies?’
‘No it’s something else,’ said Chen. ‘Something much larger.’
‘Hey, that’s not what I think it is, is it?’ Angelica continued.
‘That depends. What do you think it is?’
The it in question was a long box-shaped object, resting on a flatbed carriage and shrouded from view by canvas sheets.
‘Well, the last train that had those markings was carrying military stuff, you said, so it’s probably some kind of weapon . . .’
‘You know, we really should find out what’s under those covers,’ said Chen.
‘You’re kidding right?’ Cassandra cut in. ‘I mean, have you seen the size of those troll guards?’
‘A full squad of Kell Shi-Kai,’ said Broodangle. ‘So whatever’s in that shipment, it must be important.’
‘Right, which is all the more reason for us to investigate,’ said Chen. ‘It’ll need three of us, including at least one goblin to give the appearance of a proper work detail.’
For what Chen had in mind, Plopbottle turned out to be the obvious choice for the needed goblin. Then, when he asked if anyone else felt like coming along, Angelica tried as best she could to disguise her enthusiasm.
‘Hey, yeah . . . I mean, sure why not, it should be a laugh right?’ she said, then pretended she hadn’t seen her sister’s smirking face.
The team had been chosen. Broodangle helped them to collect a few things and then waved briefly as they set off towards the rail terminus.
Dink . . . ‘Good.’
Dink . . . ‘Good.’
Dink . . . ‘Good.’
‘Hey you, what d’you think you’re doing?’ said a gruff voice.
Plopbottle glanced up for a second, but didn’t stop what he was doing.
Dink . . . ‘Good,’ came the sound of the inspection hammer against the wheel of the rail carriage, followed by his own high-pitched voice. Chen nodded to Angelica, who made a quick scribble on the clipboard in her hand.
‘W-We is checking for c-cracks,’ said Plopbottle to the Kell Shi-Kai guard. ‘Noise they make when b-bashed tell us if wheels okay.’
A huge battle gauntlet descended and snatched Plopbottle up to the guard’s eye level.
‘Here, I know you don’t I?’ said the guard. ‘Aren’t you the little dancing man from the circus?’
‘N-No, I-I-I, that is P-Ploppy. . .’ said Plopbottle, struggling to get free.
‘Hey, Reknagg,’ the guard called out to one of his companions, and then added, ‘Look what I found,’ waving the tiny goblin about like something interesting he’d just found under a rock.
Reknagg bounded along to join them.
‘Reknagg like see little man dance,’ said the massive troll enthusiastically. ‘Is little man gonna dance now, is he?’
‘W-Well, there is whole lot m-more wheels to check,’ said Plopbottle nervously.
‘Oh go on,’ said a third troll. Many of the other guards were also joining them now. ‘Sentry duty is so boring, standing around all day with nothing to do except look tough and growl at people.’
Plopbottle glanced across at Chen, who replied with a nod and a discrete thumbs up. A look of realisation spread across Plopbottle’s features.
‘Oh, all right,’ he agreed. ‘B-But you have to put P-Ploppy down first.’
The Kell Shi-Kai soldier did as he was asked, then joined his companions in a circle with Plopbottle at the centre.
‘W-Well you can t-tell by my g-groovy disco walk . . . ’
Plopbottle began singing somewhat hesitantly to the guards who towered above him. And they reciprocated in their own way, thumping their gauntlets together and mumbling along with the words.
Chen signalled to Angelica. They climbed as quietly as they could onto the adjacent rail carriage and slipped through a gap in the canvas covers. As soon as her eyes had adjusted to the darkness, Angelica could see that they were now standing inside a steel cage with numerous machine parts suspended above them.
‘Hey, look over there,’ said Chen, pointing to a large cylindrical object, which had a cluster of coned shaped outlets at one end. ‘That looks like a rocket engine, these must be the parts for some kind of missile don’t you think?’
But Angelica wasn’t really listening. Suddenly she had realised that this was the first time She and Chen had been properly alone together. This was her big chance to tell him exactly how she felt about him. Not that she was exactly sure what she was feeling, which didn’t make it any easier.
‘And look at that,’ Chen continued. ‘It’s the Blood Clan emblem and some other symbols I don’t quite recognize. Pass me the clipboard please, I’m going to climb up and copy them down – hopefully, one of the goblins will be able to decipher them.’
She handed him the clipboard and opened her mouth, but before she could say anything Chen was climbing into the gloom above her.
‘Chen, I just wanted to say . . . ’ she called after him.
‘Sorry Ange I didn’t quite catch that, you’ll have to speak up a bit.’
‘Chen, I . . . ’ she said a little louder, but just at that moment the cage swayed violently to one side.
‘What’s happening?’
‘I think we’re going up,’ Chen replied. ‘You better grab onto something, this could be a bumpy ride.’
For the next few minutes Angelica hung on as best she could, until the swinging had subsided and she felt confident enough to take a peek through the canvas covers. Laid out beneath her like the part of a toy train set she could see the locomotive with its carriages behind it, plus a scattering of dots which she realised must be Plopbottle and the crowd of guards around him. 
They passed through the loading bay doors and then stopped abruptly. Angelica felt a presence at her side. It was Chen, who had climbed down to join her.
‘What can you see?’ he said quietly.
‘We’re inside the war machine, some kind of cargo area,’ Angelica replied. ‘There’s quite a few guards around and a whole load of goblins in smart grey uniforms.’
‘They’ll be from the Tech Labs – grade five most likely,’ said Chen. ‘We’ll have to be very careful, those boys won’t miss a thing.’
‘So what do we do now?’ said Angelica, but before Chen could answer they were moving again.
Angelica looked out and saw that they were now travelling sideways, just a few feet above the floor of the loading bay. They stopped again, not far from an area where packing crates were being stored in orderly rows. Chen thought this would be a good opportunity to make their escape, so they squeezed through the gap and hid amongst the nearest crates. Now Angelica could see the hoisting cables that had been used to lift and manoeuvre the cage, and the massive crane gantry above them.
‘Watch out,’ said Chen, pulling Angelica down.
A group of engineers passed directly in front of them, then busied themselves inside the steel cage. After this a long trailer was positioned underneath it and the whole arrangement lowered until the trailer was no longer visible. Then a few minutes later it was raised again several feet into the air, leaving the machine parts lying on the trailer.
‘Great,’ said Angelica. ‘How are we supposed to get back now?’
‘We’ll just have to lie low until things quieten down,’ Chen replied. ‘Then try to get to one of the embarkation ramps.’
‘But that could take ages and if we’re not back for evening inspection they’ll know we’ve been up to something.’
‘Look, there’s nothing we can do about it right now,’ said Chen calmly. ‘So we’ll just have to sit here and wait.’
‘And do what?’
‘Well, we could talk.’
‘Okay, I guess you’re right,’ said Angelica. Then it struck her that this was exactly the opportunity she had been waiting for.
And so she began by talking about her life in Belmont Road. About how much she hated her parents and how they had never really understood her. Only, the more she talked like this, the more she realised that she actually quite missed them. Then finally, when Angelica couldn’t think of anything else to say, Chen told her about his own background. How because of his father’s work he had spent most of his life travelling around, and so had never really settled down or made any permanent friendships. Then the chance had come for him to work with his father in the special services, which had seemed so exciting at the time; being taught how to fight and handle weapons, studying leadership techniques and even learning how to be cool. Only, he had to admit it was all just a big bluff really, because deep down he was still the same shy, awkward person.
Eventually, however, their conversation was disturbed by the sound of the cage being lowered again.
‘It looks like they’re getting ready to send it back,’ said Chen.
Suddenly Angelica realised that in spite of all their talking, she hadn’t said the one thing that had been on her mind all along.
‘The other day just before the whistle blew, and, well, a couple of times now in fact, I’ve been trying to . . .’ she said, looking directly into Chen’s charcoal blue eyes.
‘Well I was going to, that is, what I wanted to say . . . was . . . ’
Chen returned Angelica’s gaze and the pair of them remained like this for what seemed like an eternity.
‘Come on,’ said Chen finally. ‘We better go.’
He held out his hand to help Angelica to her feet, then the two of them left their hiding place and clambered back inside the cage.
Back on the work site they were amazed to find that Plopbottle was still entertaining the guards. Evidently, having exhausted all other material, he had resorted to acting out deleted scenes and outtakes from his favourite disco movies.
‘. . . and this the bit where Johnny doing his cool walk at start of Disco Night Fever, only he get it wrong and fall in big pile of boxes.’
Plopbottle opened out the collar on his overalls and then started to strut, Johnny Marino style, inside the circle of guards. Angelica, who was still hiding behind the canvas sheets with Chen, noticed that several of the soldiers were also doing the walk where they stood and many of the others had taken up the opening theme without having to be asked. A gasp of surprise went round the guards as Plopbottle tripped on an imaginary obstacle and overbalanced onto his side.
‘Ah, s-sorry folks, that all we have time for,’ said Plopbottle, glancing across as Chen and Angelica slipped through a gap in the covers.
A groan of disappointment rose from the guards.
‘Do bit again where funny topsider gets chased by the big whats-a-ma-phump,’ Reknagg called out.
‘You m-mean elephant chase scene from Disco Safari? Oh, all right then,’ Plopbottle agreed reluctantly.
Plopbottle began stamping his little feet and waving his arm about in front of his face to imitate the elephant’s trunk, which produced an immediate round of applause and laughter from the guards. In fact, it wasn’t until he had completed several encores, and agreed to make a guest appearance at the Kell Shi-Kai annual rock punching festival, that they were finally able to leave.

~

‘I still can’t hear a word you’re saying! Perhaps we could turn that thing down a bit?’ said Chen loudly.
Broodangle reached for the volume control on the tape player and the piercing wail was reduced to a muffled whimper. This had been his latest idea for them to hold an emergency meeting without being disturbed. The sound being that of a fire weevil during the mating season, which would be a very dangerous situation if one really were loose in a storeroom filled with drums of high-octane fuel.
‘Is that better?’ said Broodangle. ‘Right, I was talking about the markings on the missile. Basically the writing is a curse in ancient orc, promising to strike down the enemies of the clan with a bright and vengeful light.’
‘So what does that mean exactly?’ Chen replied.
‘Well, there is a weapon our people have had the knowledge of for some time. It’s called the Dragon Fire Device, they say it can lay waste to entire cities, although no one has been stupid enough to build one up to now – apart from you topsiders of course.’
‘Wait a minute, are you telling us this thing is the same as our atomic weapons then?’ said Chen.
‘Of course it’s the same, where do you think you lot got the idea from in the first place?’
‘But I thought Albert Einstein was the father of atomic theory,’ Cassandra interrupted.
‘That fraud!’ Broodangle exclaimed. ‘He bought all his ideas from an army deserter, who’d been doing guard duty at the Tech Labs before he ran off. What was the name of that soldier again, I never was any good at Underkingdom history?’
‘W-Wasn’t it Erik Let-Em-See-Me-Scared, or something like that?’ Plopbottle suggested.
‘That’s right,’ said Broodangle. ‘And that’s how the topsider got the idea for his made up formula.’
Everyone looked puzzled for a moment, until Chen came up with the answer.
‘You mean E equals M C squared, you are joking right?’
‘Hu, you topsiders think you’re so clever don’t you,’ Broodangle replied. ‘If you only knew the things we’ve given you over the years.’
‘So what’s the big idea then? I mean, if it is what you say it is, then what are orcs planning to do with it?’ said Angelica, trying to steer the conversation back to the subject in hand.
‘Well, having examined the drawings made by our young friend here, Ploppy and me think that the nose cone contains some kind of boring device. Which means that the missile is going to burrow into the earth after it hits the ground. It’ll probably explode when it reaches a certain depth. Our shock troops will then most likely pour into the Iron-Tooth tunnel system through the resulting crater.’
‘But what about the radiation, won’t it kill them?’
‘That doesn’t affect Underkingdom folk as much as topsiders, and besides, a little loose skin is considered a sign of beauty in some circles.’
‘So there’s no other choice then,’ said Chen. ‘We’ll have to disable the missile as well. Do we know where the launch site is yet?’
‘All my contact would say was that it’s on the surface somewhere, but I should be able to find out more tonight.’
‘The surface, won’t it be full of those infiltrator patrols by now?’ said Cassandra.
‘Exactly, in fact the only way to get past them would be if we were inside infiltrators ourselves.’
‘B-But they all b-broken,’ Plopbottle interjected.
‘And security at the Tech Labs has really been stepped up since our last visit,’ Broodangle continued. ‘However, there might still be a way. I still have one infiltrator in stock, only it’s a mark one which means it’ll need two of us to pilot it.’
Broodangle moved to Plopbottle’s side and gave him a friendly pat on the shoulders.
‘Sorry pal, but it looks like you’ll be going into the Doom Speaker on your own.’
‘W-What?’ Plopbottle spluttered.
‘Like we said before, you can’t get into the palace with less than two people – and it’s probably best if these two go together now as I’ll be needed in the infiltrator.’
Angelica hadn’t quite been paying attention, but then a broad smile spread across her face when she realised he was talking about Chen and herself.
‘B-But we still n-not found way to shut it down!’
‘You’ll have to find a way to knock out the main the power source. Many of the parts from the Great Engine were used in its construction, and you know more about that than any of us. Besides, we still have a couple more days to work on it.’

~

‘It’ll look magnificent in there, don’t you think? They say that the leader of the Iron-Tooth Clan has tusks the size of scimitars and that his forehead is thick enough to smash through granite.’
King Gnarblad was looking somewhat wistfully at the cabinet where he kept the heads of defeated enemies, or anyone else who had displeased him recently.
‘You can go now,’ he said, dismissing the two goblins attending to the sharpness and general condition of his claws.
The goblins scuttled dutifully away, leaving the king alone in his antechamber, apart from his chief advisor Chancellor Griswold, who was sitting behind a writing desk piled high with official documents. The king rose from his chair and went over to the cabinet. 
‘Mmm, I think I’ll put it right here, in the middle,’ he said, and then added, ‘If you need to make a bit of space, these ones are going a bit mushy now,’ pointing at the heads of three of his former ministers.
‘Very good sire,’ his advisor replied. ‘I’ll throw them out for the dogs.’
‘By the way,’ the king continued. ‘How are the preparations for my party going?’
Chancellor Griswold emerged from behind his paperwork mountain.
‘Every detail has been attended to sire,’ he said. ‘And might I say what a singular honour it has been to serve his majesty in this matter.’
‘You didn’t forget the bomb jugglers did you?’
‘No sire, nor the many other acts that could not fail to dazzle and amaze your guests.’
‘Good, good . . . and the food, tell me again about the food.’
‘Well, there will be all the traditional favorites of course – stink mud pies, bone biscuits, brain fluid soup, eyeball stew and so on. Also, several hundred barrels of goblin ale and crates of rat’s blood wine have been shipped in, only the finest vintages of course, as well as some of the more exotic Underkingdom delicacies, including whole mammoths painstakingly chiseled from the permafrost of the Northern Regions and then slowly roasted, sightless cave serpents harvested from deepest pools of the Central Region and thousand year old eggs from the hatcheries beneath the Dragon Mountains. I can assure you that not a single Zogg has been spared to satisfy the needs of your guests.’
‘And you said something about a surprise dish to finish off the evening?’
The king’s claws twitched with anticipation as he said this – in addition to his love of drinking and fighting, his fondness for surprises was also well known.
‘Ah yes, the giant victory pie,’ Chancellor Griswold continued. ‘Made from a very special ingredient, we really think you’re going to like it.’
‘And my new toy?’
‘The Doom Speaker is fuelled, fully armed and waiting for your orders.’
‘Good, good – excellent in fact. You have served me well Griswold, if the evening is a success you will be richly rewarded.’
‘To serve you is reward enough sire,’ Chancellor Griswold replied, casting his gaze at the king’s feet. He didn’t need to look at the faces of the poor wretches in the cabinet beside him to know what would happen if the evening was not a success.
The king moved to the model of the war machine, which had been relocated from the Tech Labs, and started to play with one of the rocket turrets.
‘There was just one other thing.’ 
‘Sire?’
‘The date, I was wondering whether we could bring it forward a bit, say to this evening?’
‘Very good sire.’
If the chancellor ’s voice betrayed just the slightest hint of despair, the king was far too busy with his model to notice.


Chapter Thirteen

The Goblin In The Iron Boots

Darkness again and sleep, deep dreamless sleep. Angelica’s head had scarcely touched the straw filled pillow when she started to drift away. But then, barely another moment it seemed had passed before something unwanted was forcing its way into this blissful oblivion; children’s voices, frightened voices. Was this real or some kind of nightmare?
The room was shaking. All around her Angelica could hear Norbury Park children; some were calling for their parents, others were shouting to their friends or just making desperate appeals to anyone that would listen. No, this was definitely real, she decided, but what was happening? She freed her hands, snapped open the ankle restraints and then stumbled blindly in her sister’s direction. However, a sudden jolt sent her sprawling across the bed.
‘Who’s there?’ said Cassandra. ‘Ange, is that you? What’s going on?’
‘No idea,’ Angelica replied. ‘But maybe one of the others will know. Come on, let’s get out of here.’
Angelica clung to the edge as she undid her sister’s shackles.
‘Can you hear that? Some kids over here are escaping,’ someone called out from one of the neighbouring beds.
A few of the other children must have heard and joined in with appeals of their own, ‘Hey, over here . . . help me . . . no, take me first.’
‘Damn!’ said Angelica. ‘I guess I better say something.’ 
She took out a small flare from her skirt pocket, which Broodangle had given her in case of emergencies, and pulled the pin from the end. A harsh orange light filled the room. Then, as her eyes adjusted to the brightness, she saw the startled faces of her schoolmates staring back at her.
‘Look I’m really sorry, but there isn’t time to rescue you all right now.’
Angelica’s voice was more noticeable now. The shock of the sudden eruption of light had temporarily silenced the other children.
‘And we’ve got to find out what’s happening first.’
‘Then let us go, we’ll find our own way out,’ said the curly-haired boy who had been so nervous on their first evening underground.
‘No, it’s too dangerous. You just need to hold on a bit longer, we’ll be back soon I promise.’
They were about to leave when the boy made one final request.
‘Please, don’t leave us in the dark again,’ he said, his voice beginning to tremble. ‘That’s what they do.’
Angelica propped the flare against the wall, knowing that it probably wouldn’t burn for much longer. But it would be something at least, she thought.
They met Chen outside in the corridor, but soon learned that he was just as baffled as they were. Then Cassandra pointed out that the moss was starting to fall off the walls, so they hurried on.
None of them would have believed it, but Plopbottle was in an even more agitated state than usual when they arrived in the storeroom.
‘Th-Th-Th-Th-Th-The-The-The-They . . . ’
‘Try to slow down,’ said Chen reassuringly.
‘The-They st-st-sta-sta-sta-sta . . . ’
‘Take a deep breath.’
Plopbottle sucked in a lungful of air then slowly let it out again.
‘Good, now try again.’
‘They sta, they sta, they sta, they staaaaaaaaaaaaaar . . . ’
‘Maybe he could try drawing it,’ Cassandra suggested.
Chen handed Plopbottle a piece of broken packing crate, who started to scratch something in the dirt at their feet, only his hands were shaking so much, no one could decide what it was meant to be.
‘Well I still say it’s a giant moose,’ said Cassandra, tilting her head on one side.
‘Rubbish,’ said Angelica. ‘I told you already, it’s a starfish with lightning coming out of its arms.’
‘N-N-N-No,’ said Plopbottle, stamping his feet on the ground. ‘I-I-It’s . . . ’
Suddenly, the storeroom door burst open.
‘Everything’s going crazy, there’s technicians, guards, you name it running about all over the place,’ said Broodangle breathlessly. ‘They’re firing up the Doom Speaker’s power plants two days ahead of schedule.’
‘Right, just like Ploppy say,’ said Plopbottle, finally gaining control of his stutter. ‘They start engines early!’

~

Plopbottle was trying desperately not to be sick. The rest of their meeting had been brief. Broodangle had finished by explaining that the king’s party and the launch of the war machine had been brought forward to that evening. Everyone agreed the only thing they could do now was to keep to their original three-part plan. Angelica and Chen had already left for the royal palace where they would try to rescue Stewie and the others in his group. Cassandra and Broodangle would cross London in an out of date infiltrator and attempt to deactivate the Dragon Fire missile before it could be launched. Finally, Plopbottle had to find a way to get inside the Doom Speaker and shut down its engines, and to this end he had stowed away on a caterer’s trolley at the foot of one of the embarkation ramps. All had gone to plan, as he soon felt the trolley being wheeled on board. Only, he hadn’t realised until it was too late that the shelf above him was crammed with stink mud pies, and now the putrid stench was bringing an unhealthy pallor to the tiny goblin’s face. 
‘Uchhhhh,’ Plopbottle choked as the bile rose uncontrollably in his throat.
The trolley came to a halt.
‘Did you hear sommink Mister Zit?’ a slow, nasal twang came from somewhere above him.
‘What d’ya mean Mister Gruntblaster?’ said a second voice.
‘It was on the wheelie thing an’ it sounded like, I dunno really, like someone clearin’ their throat or sommink.’
‘But there ’ent nothin’ down there but pies, I loaded ’em me-self.’
‘Well I’m tellin’ you I heard sommink.’
Just at that moment Plopbottle felt another wave of nausea and he choked a second time.
‘Yech-chhhhhhhhhhh!’
‘There it goes again.’
‘You’re right, I reckons they must be special talkin’ pies in that case. Chef said there was gonna be a whole lot of e-zotic stuff laid on for the party.’
‘Reckon you must be right Mister Gruntblaster. Here, we better hurry up in that case. King himself is prob-ley waitin’ to surprise his guests with ’em right now.’
The trolley started to move again with increased speed, and Plopbottle finally realised he could control the nausea if he kept his nostrils pinched firmly closed. Then, after another brief journey, the trolley had stopped again.
‘Here we is chef,’ said the first voice, ‘an we brought ‘em special talkin’ pies. You’ll be wantin ‘em tekkin’ through to party straight away, right?’
‘What are you blathering about Gruntblaster?’ came a harsh, guttural snarl.  ‘Put them over there with the others then get out of my sight both of you, before I crush your stupid heads together and roll them out for brain biscuits. Although, I doubt if the contents of your skulls would make much of a meal.’ 
The trolley moved a few more yards, then Plopbottle heard a disgruntled muttering and the sound of feet scurrying into the distance.
Plopbottle peeped out at his surroundings – fortunately the king’s fondness for surprises had extended to having curtains added to the food trolleys. He could see a fierce looking orc chef inspecting a tray of sweetmeats, and two doors at the far end of the kitchen. As he watched the doors swung open a couple of times as goblin stewards passed though them, and each time, a barrage of drunken cheers and laughter echoed around the room. This must be coming from the party, he realised, which meant he would have to go back the way he came. The only problem was how to do this without being seen. Plopbottle thought for a moment then sighed quietly to himself. It was desperate and almost certain to fail, but what else could he do?
Gruntblaster and Zit were outside in the corridor enjoying their last two pipefuls of fireweed, which had been extremely hard to come by after Chancellor Griswold requisitioned all available stocks for the king’s party.
‘He didn’t ought to be talkin’ to us like that,’ said Gruntblaster between puffs. ‘I mean, we is trained pro-fesh-nails, we deserve re-speck.’
‘Yeah,’ Zit agreed. ‘What gives those ugly old orcs the right to go marchin’ up and down shoutin’ out orders? Just some old rubbish bout tribal higher-archy and the trad-i-shuns of the rulin’ class.’
‘Well, that and the fact they’re about three times bigger than us,’ Gruntblaster replied. ‘But I know what you mean. They struts about all day like mister big boots whilst you-know-who has to do all the work.’ 
Zit chewed on the end of his pipe for a few seconds whilst he considered this.
‘Who’s that then?’
‘Us of course!’ 
‘Oh yeah, right.’
‘Now, do us a favour would you Mister Zit, keep watch for a bit whilst I gets me-self a bit of recuperation.’
Gruntblaster slumped down against the wall and tilted his grease stained cook’s hat over his eyes.
‘Ah, Mister Gruntblaster?’ said Zit a few minutes later.
‘What is it now?’
‘You know that wheelie thing with them magic talkin’ pies on it?’
‘What about it?’
‘Well it’s sort of, back.’
‘What are you talkin’ about?’
‘S-See for yourself.’
Gruntblaster lifted his hat. Then his jaw fell open letting the pipe slip from his mouth. One of the trolleys was coming towards them, apparently under its own power.  
‘W-What makes you so sure it’s the same trolley Mr Zit? I means, for all we know it could be a completely different one, with a whole other load of magic things on it.’
‘It’s makin’ them noises again,’ said Zit. ‘I think it must be haunted or sommink!’
Gruntblaster paused for a moment, then agreed that he could hear the same choking sounds as before, interrupted from time to time by half-muttered curses. What he hadn’t noticed, however, were the tiny hands just visible between the bottom of the curtains and the tops of the two front wheels. He might have had more time to look, but the realisation that his trousers were on fire had suddenly become a more immediate distraction.
‘Quick, help me beat this Mister Zit . . . Mister Zit?’
Gruntblaster looked round, but his friend was already making his escape. And with one more glance at the haunted trolley he was following Zit’s example, leaving a thin trail of smoke behind him as he ran.
Plopbottle checked through the curtains then made a quick exit from the trolley. Moving the wheels with his hands had meant he could no longer hold his nose, and he had almost been sick a number of times. He set off along the corridor but soon stopped again when he arrived at a junction, with a pair of brushed steel elevator doors directly in front of him.
‘So which way does Ploppy go now?’ he said out loud.
Even though he had worked on the basic framework of the Doom Speaker he really had no idea how it was laid out internally, and there hadn’t been time in the end for Broodangle to get hold of the blueprints.
For no other reason than he had always felt safer in enclosed spaces, Plopbottle decided to take the elevator. Which meant that he had another decision to make.
‘Upways, downways . . . ’ he said, studying the panel in front of him, and added, ‘backways, slantways, spinways, counter-spinways,’ noticing that this was one of the new omni-directional elevators. 
‘Engines probably on lower decks so best to go downways,’ he said, making the appropriate selection.
Then he had to wait. Plopbottle glanced around nervously. Any moment now, he thought, someone was bound wander in his direction, or the two goblin cooks would realise that the food trolley hadn’t really been haunted.
Eventually, though, the doors opened and Plopbottle hurried into . . . 
‘PLOPBOTTLE!!!’
His former superintendent looked even more terrifying that usual in his Chaos Brigade battle armour, and with a similarly equipped war hound snarling at his side.
‘S-Su-Super, th-that is, P-P-Ploppy, n-not know w-what t-t-to . . .’
Plopbottle’s half-stammered words trailed away as his old boss led the fearsome canine out of the elevator. He had always been a little vague about military insignia – was that three skulls on his shoulders, he wondered, and what did the severed foot mean?’
‘ . . . what to call me? Well I’m a master sergeant now, but you can call me sir.’
‘S-S-Sorry s-sir.’
‘That’s better. Now perhaps you can explain what you’re doing in a restricted zone. For access to this area you need a permit from the chancellor’s office, and I doubt they’d give one to someone like you.’
‘N-N-No, th-that is . . . ’
‘Don’t worry Sloppy, I’m in a generous mood tonight. In fact, I was hoping I might bump into you.’
‘You wanted to b-bump into P-Ploppy?’
Plopbottle was growing increasingly uncomfortable and not just because the war hound had started to look at him with a lopsided, I-wonder-if-that-head-would-fit-in-my-mouth expression.
‘That’s right Sloppy, but don’t look so worried. I’ve got a little present for you, had it specially made up by the boys in the armoury.’
‘N-No sir, P-Ploppy not need p-present, Ploppy n-not deserve it.’
‘Nonsense, in fact I can’t think of anyone that deserves this more than you do. Now, take off your boots!’
‘W-What?’
‘Come on, don’t be shy.’
A few minutes later Plopbottle was standing in a brand new pair of boots. Only, these were nowhere near as dainty as his old hand stitched ones. These were sturdy constructions of iron and steel, with thick lead plate soles.
Master Sergeant Growler finished tightening the locking rings around the boot’s ankles.
‘Come on then dancing boy, let’s see your fancy moves now!’ he said with a cruel laugh.
Plopbottle attempted to lift his legs, first the left, then the right, both times without success. Finally, he found he was just able to drag them forwards one at a time, if he helped them along with both hands.
‘Comfortable are they?’
‘N-No they hurt. Why you do this to P-Ploppy?’
‘You have to learn that there is an order to things. An order which is disrupted when stink worms like you show the masters up in front of the common rabble. Anyway, you better get used to them – you’ll be wearing them for the rest of your life.’
‘N-No, p-please,’ Plopbottle pleaded. ‘P-Ploppy be good from now on, Ploppy p-promise.’
‘It’s no good apologising now, the damage has been done. Already we hear talk of a light footed engineer who will lead a great rebellion against us, and even the Kell Shi-Kai guards have got a portrait of you in their mess hall.’
‘But Ploppy not understand. P-Ploppy not make t-trouble, he just like to d-dance.’
‘That’s what I said – you’re a useless, insubordinate runtling, but leading an uprising is not in your nature. Told them I would deal with you in my own way.’
Suddenly Plopbottle realised that his old boss had probably saved his life, even if it had cost him almost the complete use of his legs.
‘Thanks s-super . . . I mean sir,’ said Plopbottle hesitantly.
For a moment it seemed that the slightest hint of sympathy had found its way into the harsh orcish features, until a sudden realisation returned the Master Sergeant to his usual self.  
‘Pah, I can’t waste my time talking to you, I’ve got a party to go to,’ he said, and then added quietly, ‘You don’t want to hang around here too long Sloppy. If the guards catch you it’ll be back to prison again, and we both know what that means.’
The hairs on Plopbottle’s neck prickled as he thought about the executioner’s block. And then he remembered his mission. But how was he going to reach the engines in time when he was moving about as fast as a wounded bog slug?
He waited until the Master Sergeant was out of sight, then leaned forward and pressed the downways button once again.
Much of the power section was new and strange, but every now and then, as he moved slowly forward dragging one foot in front of the other, Plopbottle recognized parts from his old work place the Great Engine. A compression valve he had once repaired, only it was now attached to some very unfamiliar pipe work. A crawl way that led to a dead end, rather than the T-junction he was expecting. An inspection gantry that now ended abruptly, high above a roomful of steaming coolant tanks. And all of this confusion, combined with his limited rate of movement, was making his search for the main control room almost impossible. 
‘Tut, tut, look at that,’ he said, pausing for a moment to catch his breath.
He was standing beside something he recognised. It was the opening to a ventilation shaft, but what had caught his attention was the workmanship on its surround. It had been fastened down with bolts, only these had been so overtightened that nearly all of their heads had been sheared off.
‘Hmm, must have used hydro-spanner – set pressure too high,’ he said disapprovingly. 
Suddenly, Plopbottle was overwhelmed with emotion. The Great Engine had been more than just a place of work. It had been like a trusted friend and his home as well at times. He ran his hand gently over the broken bolts then leaned forward to see if the problem extended inside the shaft. However, at that precise moment a violent hiccup from the engines made him lurch forwards. 
Plopbottle tumbled into the opening, but then something seemed to catch him as he fell. With some difficulty he craned round and saw that the heavy boots were trapped against the opening’s threshold. He stretched behind him and tugged at the locking rings.
‘If only Ploppy still have old toolbox,’ he said.
But then Plopbottle remembered his adjustable spanner, one of a few useful things he had managed to collect together since his release from prison.
‘Stupid Ploppy!’
He’d been dragging the things around for a couple of hours, but had had the means to remove them all the while.
‘Stupid, stupid, stupid,’ he added, slapping his forehead with such force that one of the boots almost broke free from the edge.
Plopbottle held his breath for a moment, staring into the blackness beneath him.  How many feet he might have fallen he couldn’t begin to guess. He felt carefully around in his clothing, trying to remember where he had left the wrench. Miraculously, it was still tucked into his pocket in spite of the fall.
‘Now, if Ploppy can just unlock one boot, maybe he could turn round and climb out.’
Plopbottle felt blindly for the ring around his right ankle, fitted the jaws of the wrench to one of the bolts holding it in place, then twiddled the adjuster wheel until they were clamped around it.
‘Drakk!’ he cursed, as the wrench slipped off the bolt and almost fell from his hand.
It hadn’t been tight enough. He corrected the problem and tried again. This time the bolt started to turn.
A few minutes later Plopbottle was starting to feel a little dizzy from the blood running to his head, but he had almost finished. He undid the final bolt and the locking ring came away. Almost immediately Plopbottle’s foot slipped out of the boot.
‘And . . . one . . . and . . . two . . . and . . . ’
He held out his arms and prepared himself for a one hundred and eighty degree pirouette, which had seemed simple enough when Johnny Marino performed it on a pair of Silver Lightning roller-boots in Funky Wheels 2 - The Beat Rolls On. 
‘Ow, that really hurt,’ he said, banging his hand painfully on the side of the shaft. Also, the threshold had creaked somewhat alarmingly during the manoeuvre. He decided to finish off the turn by walking himself round with his outstretched palms.
Plopbottle was approaching the point of total exhaustion as he stretched up, and just managed to hook his fingers over the edge.
‘No, Ploppy not give in now, Ploppy has job to do,’ he said with squeaky determination. And with one final effort he pulled himself into a sitting position on top of the threshold.
Plopbottle breathed a sigh of relief. Then, the threshold collapsed and he fell back into the shaft.
Over and over he tumbled, straight down to begin with, and then through a slightly inclined section which slowed his descent a little.  Eventually, however, he crashed through a ventilator grill and landed on something that wasn’t exactly soft, but wasn’t entirely solid either.
Plopbottle picked himself up, retrieved his glasses from the floor and saw that he was now in a large room, with banks of dials and gauges on every wall.
‘Help me someone, please,’ said a muffled voice.
‘Wh-Who said that?’
Plopbottle turned and noticed a huge guard slumped on the floor behind him.
‘Oh d-dear, Ploppy very sorry Mister T-Troll. He must have hit you with this,’ he said, tapping the single remaining metal boot.
‘Thank Drakk, I’m down here. Get me out now, I can hardly breathe.’
Glancing down, Plopbottle also saw the corner of a grey tunic poking from under the guard’s belly, which he recognised as part senior technician’s uniform.
‘Don’t worry, P-Ploppy soon have you out s-sir.’
Plopbottle tugged as hard as he could, but this had very little effect. Then he hunted around for something he might use as a lever. Eventually, he found a short length of pipe then began to push and poke, and generally persuade it beneath the unconscious guard.
‘Ow that hurt!’
The voice was a little clearer now. Plopbottle realised he was hearing the technician from his end of the pipe. 
‘S-Sorry, sir,’ Plopbottle replied through the pipe. ‘Ploppy try lifting now.’
Plopbottle heaved with all his strength, but it was equally hopeless. The troll was just too heavy and there was too much give in his stomach.
‘Well I can breathe a little better now, that’s something at least,’ said the technician. ‘But who’s going to operate the controls whilst I’m down here?’
‘Operate what controls?’ Plopbottle replied.
‘The controls that regulate the engines. You have been briefed for this area?’ asked the technician.
Then it occurred to Plopbottle that he must have stumbled into the very room he had been looking for.
‘Y-Yes, of course sir,’ Plopbottle bluffed. ‘P-Ploppy know all there is to know, and whole l-lot more as well.’
‘Mmm, what grade are you?’ said the technician doubtfully.
‘Ah, four,’ Plopbottle lied for the second time.
‘Okay, I’ll guess you’ll have to do – there isn’t time to find anyone else. Turn up the volume on the intercom first, I want to hear what’s going on.’
Plopbottle started towards a likely looking bank of controls.
‘No, not that way, it’s behind you!’
The technician was watching Plopbottle now using the pipe as a kind of non-magnifying telescope.
Plopbottle retraced his steps and crossed to an area on the other side of the room where the entire space between the floor and the ceiling was crammed with rows of switches, indicator lights, valve wheels, levers, and buttons of every imaginable colour, none of which were marked in any way.
Plopbottle scratched his head for a moment, until the technician directed him to a small panel housing a microphone and a loud speaker. He turned the volume control to maximum and another voice filled the room.
‘Forward turrets check, aft rockets check, hanger bay doors have a green light . . . ’
Clearly this technician was speaking from somewhere inside the party – Plopbottle could hear the same drunken revelry as before in the background.
‘Engines, give me another fifteen units through the aft linkage.’
‘He means you dummy!’ said the trapped technician. ‘Can you see a row of power levers, they should be right in front of you?’
Plopbottle nodded.
‘The one you want is second from the left, click it forward three points.’
Plopbottle found the lever and did as he had been instructed.
‘I’m going to elevate the rotors now,’ said the technician at the party, then continued a few seconds later, ‘Rotors are locked in position, all stations prepare for take off, ten . . . nine . . . eight . . . ’
‘What are you doing Nagrod?’ said another voice through the intercom. ‘We haven’t got time for all that nonsense, just push the button.’
Plopbottle felt the floor vibrate as the load on the engines increased.
‘ . . . separation complete, we’re running straight and level with a slight tilt to starboard. Helm, adjust yaw three degrees counter-spinways . . . that’s good. Now engines, we’re going to be climbing soon so give me another thirty units to all linkages.’
Plopbottle moved his hand back to the levers.
‘No, no,’ said the technician. ‘For that much power you’ll have to engage the secondary coupling first. You should be able to see three flame red buttons just above you, press each one in turn.’
Plopbottle looked around until had found what he thought were the right ones. Although these were really more of a blood red, he thought, or possibly deep furnace orange.
‘Not those ones you fool,’ said the technician. ‘If you do that you’ll connect the outlet values to the inlet manifold and cause a massive overload.’
He searched again, and yes, he could see them now, half obscured by one of the valve wheels. Then, as Plopbottle’s fingers hovered over the second set of buttons, he suddenly thought about what he was doing. He was supposed to be stopping the war machine, not helping them fly it. Plopbottle’s hand returned to its original position. He knew what he had to do now, and realised the sacrifice that he and so many others would soon be making.


Chapter Fourteen

Hoo-Man Gazey Pie

‘Where is everyone?’ said Angelica, looking around the empty courtyard.
A few seconds earlier she and Chen had burst from one of the brotherhood’s secret exits, brandishing a crossbow in each hand.
‘I don’t understand it,’ said Chen. ‘This place was buzzing last time we were here. We barely made it passed the footmen and the night patrols without being seen.’
They passed through a short colonnade and a room that showed signs of a recent banquet, then entered a corridor with doors along either side. And this was where they found Freaksnod, curled up against one of the doors, gently cradling something in his arms.
‘Hey you, what’s going on?’ said Angelica, prodding Freaksnod with the end of one of her crossbows.
Freaksnod looked up and for the first time she noticed the tears in his eyes.
‘If you’re looking for your friends you’re too late,’ he replied.
‘What do you mean, too late?’
‘The guards came for the young masters and mistresses a short while ago.’
‘Do you know where did they took them?’ said Chen.
‘I don’t know. We were just told to keep them comfortable and . . . no it’s too terrible, I can’t bring myself to say it even.’
‘Fatten them up?’
‘Y-You know about that then?’
‘All we’ve heard is that they’re supposed to be the secret ingredient in a special dish for the king and his guests,’ Chen continued. ‘But what we don’t know yet is where it’s being prepared.’
‘No, I’m sorry,’ said Freaksnod, lowering his head again. ‘If I knew I would tell you, but it could be any one of a hundred royal kitchens.’
Freaksnod lifted the object in his hands to the side of his face, which Angelica could now see was made of a bright orange material.
‘Poor Master Gorman,’ he said, rocking slowly back and forth. ‘There wasn’t even time to give him his new robes.’
‘Gorman! Not Stewie, I mean, Stewart Gorman?’ said Angelica excitedly.
‘Yes indeed, I had the honour to serve as his personal assistant,’ Freaksnod replied, and then added, ‘This was his private apartment, guest room one-five-zero,’ lifting a shakey hand towards the elaborate gilded lettering on the door.
‘Can we go in?’ said Chen.
‘Certainly, it isn’t locked any more – what would be the point now?’
Chen opened the door and went inside, with Angelica following close behind. 
‘Blimey, look at all this,’ said Angelica, admiring the plush furnishings. ‘And what about this bed, it’s a bit different from the things we had to sleep on eh?’
‘Oh, yeah . . . they were pretty bad all right,’ said Chen, nodding and rubbing the back of his neck, although in reality he had managed to arrange mattresses for himself and the other children in his cell on his first evening underground.
Angelica skirted around the giant television and for a moment seemed to forget the situation that Stewie was in.
‘This place really is something,’ she said, collapsing onto the dais in the corner. ‘Mind you, with his own personal servant you’d think it’d be a bit tidier than this. I mean, look at all the food that’s been left lying about.’
Chen joined Angelica at the low table beside the dais.
‘No, I don’t think it’s untidiness,’ he said. ‘I think your friend was trying to tell us something. Look here, if we start on the left substituting a T for this tuna sandwich, and then next to this is an apple, so that’s T-A . . .’
‘Right,’ said Angelica, catching on. ‘And after that is . . . yeah, what is that thing exactly? It looks like some kind of weird looking orange.’
‘No it’s a kumquat, I think,’ said Chen. ‘Followed by a glass of eggnog, which gives us T-A-K-E so far.’
‘And then a whole load of nuts, T-A-K-E-N-N-N-N-N-N-N,’ said Angelica, adding an N for each nut in the pile.’
‘Perhaps if we just counted one N for all the nuts,’ Chen suggested. ‘That would be taken.’
‘Taken!’ said Angelica unnecessarily.
A few minutes later they had pieced together the message, which read as follows:

TAKEN MAIN
GALLEY IN WAR
MACHINE PLEASE
HURRY SOMETHING
BAD IS

‘It looks like he ran out of food,’ said Angelica.
‘Or time,’ said Chen pointedly.
‘Good point, we better get a move on.’
Angelica was very relieved when they found Freaksnod still waiting around outside.
‘You’ve got to help us,’ she said quickly. ‘We need to get inside the bosses’ new machine.’
‘Shhh,’ said Freaksnod, looking round. ‘You mustn’t talk of such things, it is forbidden.’
‘You want to save your master don’t you?’
‘Well yes, but we don’t know where they took him.’
‘Look, don’t ask us how we know, but Stewie and the others were taken to . . . where was it again?’
‘The main galley,’ said Chen.
‘Of course, why didn’t I think of that?’ said Freaksnod. ‘Most of the food for the party will have been cooked in advance, but special dishes would be prepared in-flight to ensure maximum freshness.’
‘Does that mean you’ll help us?’
‘I will get you on board and take you to the kitchens, but after that you’ll be on your own.’
The main galley was by far the busiest and most chaotic kitchen Angelica had ever seen, and definitely the hardest to stay out of the way in. Several times now they had almost bumped into cooks carrying enormous pots of steaming broth, or come within range of orc chefs whose only job seemed to be to taste the various evil looking concoctions and then wallop the nearest goblin with the back of a ladle or whatever was handy. Despite these difficulties she and Chen had managed to complete almost a full circuit of the room, but so far hadn’t seen any sign of Stewie or the other children.
‘I think we should go this way next,’ said Chen, turning back towards the centre of the kitchen.
‘Okay,’ Angelica replied. ‘But let me straighten you up a bit first, your nose is starting to slip off.’
They stopped next to some containers filled with cooking ingredients. Angelica reshaped the mess of flour and dough plastered over Chen’s face, and thought how gorgeous he looked even like this. It had been Freaksnod’s idea to use cooking ingredients to make them look a little less human, together with some dirty white overalls to hide their clothes.
‘Thanks,’ said Chen. ‘It must be the heat in this place, yours is starting to crack up a bit as well.’
‘Hey, all this stuff is for the party right?’ said Angelica, looking around her.
‘I guess so, why, have you found something?’
‘Yeh, look at this.’
Angelica fished something from a barrel of ice water.
‘Look, it’s Power Max Extra Fizzy, Extra Energised,’ she said, holding up a can bearing the familiar Max Fizz logo. ‘If the orcs drink this stuff they can’t be all bad right?’
‘Orcs like him you mean?’ Chen replied.
‘Orcs like who . . . ?’
The drinks can slipped from Angelica’s hand. Chef Grimley had just entered the room.
‘HOW ARE MY BOYS, WORKING HARD I HOPE?’ he roared, and kitchen activity went immediately into overdrive. This was particularly noticeable in the preparation areas, where the sound of chopping rose from a light drumming to a furious machine gun effect, with pieces of vegetable, off-cuts of meat and the occasional finger tip flying in every direction. 
Angelica’s eyes widened when she saw that Grimley was carrying his enormous meat clever, and were those entrails dangling from its edge? Then, if that was not terrifying enough, the colossal chef began to sing:

THAT’S IT BOYS.

CHOPPY CHOPPY
SLICEY SLICEY,
FILL THEIR BELLIES
NICEY NICEY,
YUM YUM YUM.

Grimley repeated this brief chorus several times. At the same time, goblins and orcs alike scrambled to get out of the way as he accompanied his words with wild sweeps of his cleaver.
When he had finished, Chef Grimley began to inspect various activities around the room.
‘WHAT’S THIS?’ he bellowed, scooping up a handful of slimy green substance then allowing it ooze back through his fingers.
‘It’s mucus chef,’ one of the goblins replied.
‘FRESH IS IT?’
‘No chef.’
‘GOOD, THERE’S NOTHING WORSE THAN FRESH MUCUS.’
After this he tasted a ladle full of dark brown broth.
‘NOT BAD, ANOTHER DASH OF BRAIN FLUID AND IT’LL BE PERFECT.’
Finally he came to Angelica and Chen, who were still hanging around by the ingredient bins.
‘HEY YOU TWO. I DON’T THINK I KNOW YOU, AND YOUR SCENT IS STRANGE,’ he said, sniffing the air around them. ‘WHAT DISTRICT ARE YOU FROM?’
‘We’ve just been transferred from the workers canteen in sector five,’ said Chen in a quite passable Underkingdom accent. ‘I am known as Gobby and this is . . . ’
Grimley’s clever smashed through an empty barrel, a few inches from where Chen was standing.
‘YOUR FRIEND CAN ANSWER FOR HIMSELF.’
‘Ah . . . Zobby?’ Angelica replied, wishing she had had time to think of a better name.
‘GOBBY AND ZOBBY,’ Grimley repeated slowly.
‘MMM, I SEE FROM YOUR FACES YOU HAVE BEEN ROLLING OUT BONE PASTRY. WHAT WOULD YOU SAY THEN IS THE CORRECT MIXTURE FOR FIVE LAYER PIE?’
Angelica’s hand moved towards the crossbow, which was slung on a strap beneath her overalls. Any moment now Chef Grimley was going to find out who they really were. What Angelica didn’t know, however, was just how much time Chen had spent pumping anyone he could find for information about Underkingdom life and culture, and this dish was a particular favourite of Broodangle’s.
‘Five layer pie needs a strong base between each level,’ said Chen in an authoritative tone. ‘So we use the standard mixture but with double the amount of powdered leg bone.’
‘AND THE SEASONING?’
‘No seasoning is needed. Instead the flavour comes from the ingredients in each layer. Traditionally this is slices of giant slug on the bottom, with spicy entrails on the next . . .’
‘YES, YES, I KNOW WHAT GOES INTO IT!’
Chef Grimley studied them for a few moments, scratching the underside of his chin with a claw.
‘VERY WELL, WHAT CAN YOU TELL ME ABOUT THE MAKING OF RAT GAZEY PIE?’
Angelica glanced across at Chen and for a moment was convinced he didn’t know the answer. She tightened her grip on the crossbow and gritted her teeth.
‘Ah, Rat gazey pie is made with only the plumpest and juiciest cave rats,’ said Chen suddenly. ‘Carefully arranged in the base so that their heads actually poke out through the piecrust.’
Chef Grimley gave a short grunt of approval then stamped off towards a goblin who was busy forcing eyeballs into a mechanical grinder.
‘You had me worried for a moment,’ said Angelica. ‘I was sure you didn’t know that one.’
‘I didn’t,’ said Chen coolly.
‘Then how on earth  . . . ?’
‘It was a calculated risk,’ said Chen. ‘I was guessing that, for whatever reason, it’s essentially the same as the traditional Cornish dish star gazey pie, only using rats instead of pilchards.’
‘You lucky . . . ! I mean, why on earth would a bunch of West Country types by using the same recipe as this lot down here?’
‘Well if you believe Broodangle, half the stuff we use was invented by someone from the Underkingdom.’ 

~

‘Pastry cutters to special preparation zone, pastry cutters to special preparation zone . . . ’  
Some time had passed, and they had almost given up hope of finding Stewie and the others in time. 
‘Hey you two, are you deaf?’
An orc chef was talking to them.
‘Sorry,’ said Chen. ‘My friend and I are new here and we still don’t know our way around.’
‘Over there!’ said the orc, shoving them in the right direction, and they soon found themselves wandering into what was easily the hottest part of the kitchen.
‘That must be the main oven,’ said Chen quietly.
Two large iron doors were radiating an intense heat, and through the crack between them a faint glow could just be seen.
‘I wonder what they want pastry cutters for over here though?’ he added.
Suddenly, a huge trolley crashed into the room together with a great confusion of orcs and goblins, with some pushing, some pulling, and others calling out orders.
‘CAREFUL NOW, WE DON’T WANT TO FRIGHTEN THE LIVESTOCK ANY MORE THAN WE HAVE TO, IT’LL SPOIL THE FLAVOUR,’ bellowed Grimley, who seemed to be in overall charge (or at least was shouting louder than anyone else).
‘Hey look, what is that, some kind of pie?’ said Angelica, nodding towards the equally large object on top of the trolley.
‘It must be the special recipe,’ Chen replied.
‘The special recipe! But won’t that mean . . . ’
Angelica stopped abruptly. The disorderly group had just overturned a steaming vat of brain fluid soup. After this they careered through an area where exotic fungi were being sculpted into famous figures from Blood Clan history, but eventually they managed to manoeuvre the trolley into the open space where Angelica and Chen were standing. 
‘Oh my god,’ said Chen, standing on the tips of his toes.
‘What is it, what can you see?’ said Angelica.
‘COME ON BOYS, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR,’ said Grimley, springing onto the edge of the trolley with surprising agility.
A handful of goblins were climbing up now and positioning themselves around the pie.
‘HEY YOU TWO, DIDN’T YOU HEAR WHAT I SAID?’
‘Come on, we better get up there,’ said Chen.
Angelica scrambled onto the platform with Chen, and suddenly she found herself at eye level with Stewie and the other missing children. Each was only visible from the head up above the pie’s crust, and each was gagged with a strange looking vegetable.
She shuffled a few feet round the edge and then whispered to her friend, ‘Hey Stewie mate, what have they done to you?’
For a moment she couldn’t understand why Stewie looked so confused. Then she remembered that her face was still plastered with flour.
‘Oh sorry, it’s me Ange, look,’ she said, scraping some of the dough from her cheek.
‘Et ish shing ow-a i outh,’ Stewie choked.
‘What? Oh right, the thing in your mouth.’
Angelica glanced at Chen, who replied by shaking his head.
‘Sorry mate, we’re gonna have to leave it in there for now. But don’t worry, we’ll have you out of there pretty soon.’
‘Awwwi,’ Stewie agreed, and then added, ‘Oo’s ee?’ pointing his vegetable in Chen’s direction.
‘Oh right, this is Chen.’
‘Cheesed da mee u.’
‘Likewise,’ Chen replied. ‘I take it they’ve got you tied up under there Stewie?’
Stewie nodded his head.
‘Your hands?’
‘Behind your back?’
Stewie nodded two more times. 
‘Anywhere else, your feet?’
Stewie shook his head.
‘NOW THEN BOYS, PAY ATTENTION.’
Angelica looked up. Chef Grimley was about to make some kind of announcement it seemed.
‘TAKE A GOOD LOOK AND REMEMBER WHERE YOU WERE THE FIRST TIME YOU SAW THIS.’
A silence had fallen across the kitchen, choppers had stopped chopping, stirrers had stopped stirring and rodent stranglers had paused mid-strangle.
‘ONLY THE BEST INGREDIENTS HAVE BEEN USED. PASTRY MADE FROM THE FINEST BONE FLOUR, STOCK FLAVOURED WITH TWO HUNDRED YEAR OLD PUFFBALL BRANDY, VEGETABLES FROM THE KING’S OWN GARDEN, AND OF COURSE THE TOPSIDERS THEMSELVES. THIRTEEN PLUMP YOUNG SPECIMINS THAT HAVE BEEN CAEFULLY FATTENED UP OVER THE LAST FEW WEEKS,’ Grimley’s voice swelled with an obvious pride as he said this.
‘HOO-MANS, IS WHAT THEY CALL THEMSELVES, SO I GUESS WE SHOULD CALL THIS A HOO-MAN GAZEY PIE . . . WHAT DO YOU SAY LADS?’
This was met with some laughter, mostly from the other chefs.
‘NOW, WHAT WE’VE GOT TO DO FIRST IS TO MAKE SURE THE EDGE IS CRIMPED UP PROPER,’ Grimley continued. ‘THEN WE’LL CHECK THAT ALL THEIR LITTLE NECKS ARE SEALED UP TIGHT. WE DON’T WANT ANY OF THAT JUICY GOODNESS ESCAPING DO WE?’
The goblins standing around the pie went to work straight away, their delicate fingers searching for gaps in the pastry and quickly pinching them closed.
‘This could be our only chance,’ whispered Chen.
‘So what’s the plan then?’ Angelica replied under her breath.
‘What I thought is we could work our way round in opposite directions and try get them all untied. Then, when I give the signal, everyone makes a break for it with us two covering the rear with our crossbows.’
Angelica frowned.
‘That’s it is it then?’ she said.
‘What’s wrong?’ Chen replied.
‘Well, it’s never going to work is it? I mean, what’s to stop one of these guys giving the game away when they see what we’re up to?’ she added, nodding to either side.
‘I wouldn’t be so sure about that. Look at their faces, I don’t think the goblins are any more enthusiastic about this than we are.’
‘Okay, but Grimley will be watching what’s going on as well. Let’s face it, by the time we get round to the other side he’ll have found out one way or another.’
Chen shrugged his shoulders.
‘Sorry, it was the best I could come up with under the circumstances.’
‘But you’re supposed to be Mister Cool, always knows what he’s doing, always comes out on top.’
‘I’ll let you into a little secret,’ said Chen, lowering his voice a little more. ‘It’s just an act for the most part. Twenty five percent training, fifty percent having the right clothes and a great haircut, the rest is just bluff,’ and then added, ‘Anyway, can you think of a better plan?’
Angelica gave a wry smile, but had to admit that it did seem to be their only option. And so they started with the two nearest children, which was Stewie in Angelica’s case.
‘Okay, you keep watch and let me know if anyone’s coming,’ Angelica said to her friend.
‘Ow cc-an I en Iyym shtuck ike ish?’
‘Sorry mate I wasn’t thinking, just do the best you can all right.’ 
Angelica eased her fingers into the gap behind Stewie’s head and started to wrestle with the bonds around his wrists.
‘What is this stuff, blimey it’s tough.’
Angelica took out a pocket knife that she had brought with her from the squad ninety-nine tool locker.
‘Oww! Ey, carebull wib at.’
‘Sorry Stewie,’ Angelica apologised and then added, ‘No, that’s no good either,’ after several further attempts to cut through the bonds.
Chen edged round to Angelica’s position.
‘You’re not having any luck either then I take it?’ he said.
‘No, but maybe we could . . . ’
Angelica paused mid-sentence. One of the goblins was winking at her from the other side of the pie.
‘It looks like you’ve got a new admirer,’ said Chen.
Stewie craned his head round and said, ‘Ooo – e’s kite a catch.’
‘Look, this is no time for messing around you two . . .’
The goblin winked again and then clambered past a number of his colleagues to join them.
‘Pssst, I know why you’re here,’ said the goblin, tapping the side of his very poorly made wooden nose. ‘He sent you, didn’t he?’
‘I’m sorry?’ said Angelica, who was a little distracted by the nose and the faint whistling that came from it each time he spoke.
‘You are topsiders aren’t you?’
‘Well, yes but, how did you . . . ?’
‘Let’s just say that with our eyes that much closer to the ground we see a lot of things that go unnoticed by our somewhat bulkier cousins. But where are my manners, allow me to introduce my self, my name is Pinchbeak.’
Angelica told him their names and suddenly Pinchbeak grew very excited.
‘So you are the ones then.’
Angelica looked confused.
‘The honoured few who fight alongside the Dancing Rebel,’ Pinchbeak whispered.
‘I think he means Plopbottle,’ Chen explained.
‘Ah, to speak his name so freely,’ said Pinchbeak. ‘When to do so would mean certain death for any of us.’
‘We are talking about the same person?’ said Angelica. ‘Little guy, really nervous, wouldn’t say boo to . . .  well, anything really.’
‘There is but one with that name,’ said Pinchbeak proudly. ‘One who defies the bosses every day with his forbidden movements.’
‘He means the dancing,’ said Chen, noticing that Angelica was looking puzzled again.
‘One who will lead us in a great uprising and then take his rightful place as our new ruler.’
‘Right, well that’s all very interesting,’ said Angelica. ‘But we came here to save our friends.’
‘Well you won’t get very far using that,’ said Pinchbeak, pointing to Angelica’s pocket knife. ‘They have been tied up with bind root. It is quite flexible when first cut from the plant, but after a few minutes it becomes as hard as iron. That is until it’s been cooked for a few hours, when it disintegrates into a fine pulp.’
‘Great!’ said Angelica. ‘So all we need to do is to wait around until they’ve been totally baked alive, then we’ll be able to get them out no problem.’
‘No, there are other ways to remove the plant,’ said Pinchbeak. ‘But you’ll have to get them out of there first.’ 
‘It’ll mean a fight then?’ said Chen.
‘Yes, you would have to take on Grimley and all the other orcs in the kitchen,’ said Pinchbeak.
‘Suicide in other words,’ said Angelica bluntly.
‘If only there were some word from our leader, then we would gladly join you in your fight,’ said Pinchbeak.
‘What do you think?’ said Chen to Angelica, in a conspiratorial tone. ‘Can we trust him?’
‘What, oh yes, I think he’s okay,’ said Angelica, realising that Chen must be planning something.
‘We had to be sure, you see, that you weren’t working for them,’ said Chen, casting a furtive glance in either direction.
‘So you do have a message from him?’ said Pinchbeak hopefully.
‘Yes, in fact Colonel Plopbottle is already leading a strike force to shut down the war machine’s engines. He sent us out to spread the word that the goblin rebellion is about to begin. As his senior commanders in the field we now pass that responsibility on to you.’
‘It will be a great honour,’ said Pinchbeak humbly. ‘And now we’re on the same side, might I suggest that we talk about a battle plan.’
‘What did you have in mind?’ said Chen.
‘Well, the main difficulty when dealing with any group of orcs is their leader, Chef Grimley in this case. ‘With him on their side they will be invincible.’    
‘So what can we do?’
‘Are you armed?’
They showed Pinchbeak the crossbows hidden under their overalls.
‘Good,’ said Pinchbeak. ‘Give me a few minutes to spread the word. Then, if you can at least keep him busy for a while, we will try to stop the others from rallying to his side. If this is successful a group of us will break off to help you.’
The three of them clambered down together, but before departing, Pinchbeak turned his body, pointing a finger towards the ceiling and clenching the other hand into a tight ball by his side.
‘He’s doing that pointy disco thing,’ Angelica whispered to Chen.
‘Right, it must have become a symbol for the resistance,’ said Chen. ‘In honour of their leader.’
‘I think he’s waiting for a reply,’ said Angelica, noticing the expectant look on Pinchbeak’s face.
Chen snapped to attention and returned the gesture with the precision of a military salute. Angelica chuckled uncontrollably, but this soon stopped when her gaze returned to the gigantic cleaver and its equally terrifying owner. Chef Grimley was overseeing the final preparations for the pie. Just at that moment, however, the floor started to shake and his voice grew in intensity.
‘CAN YOU FEEL THAT? WE’VE TAKEN OFF – WHICH MEANS THEY’LL SOON BE WANTING THEIR CELEBRATION DINNER. SO COME ON BOYS, LET’S GET THIS THING IN POSITION.’
The goblins gathered around the trolley turned it in place and then wheeled it until it was positioned in front of the oven.
‘NOW ATTACH THE BASE PLATE.’
With these words several heavy chains were brought forward and connected to a metal sheet that lay between the pie and the upper surface of the trolley. After this the giant chef cranked a handle on one side of the oven and the two doors slid apart. A searing wave of heat suddenly made the dough on Angelica’s face incredibly itchy, and she couldn’t help thinking how much hotter it must be for the trapped children.
‘RIGHT THEN . . . ’
Chef Grimley turned as he spoke, with half his face now blackened by shadow and the other engulfed in a fiery glow.
‘LET’S START BAKING.’
He pulled another control lever. Muffled screams rose from the children as the pie started to move towards the oven.
‘Right, that’s it!’ said Angelica. ‘I don’t care if the others aren’t ready yet, this has got to stop right now.’
Looking in Chen’s direction she could see that he must have been thinking the same thing, as he was already reaching for the crossbow hidden underneath his overalls. Angelica did the same, then scraped a handful of dough from her face and called out to Grimley, ‘Hey you, big guy! Has anyone told you . . . ’
Lowering her voice, Angelica turned to Chen and said, ‘I can’t think of anything to say. What’s that really smelly stuff they eat?’
‘You mean stink worms?’ Chen replied.
‘Yeah, has anyone told you you smell like a great big steaming pile of stink worms?’ she called out again, but her jibes seemed to go unnoticed.
‘You don’t suppose being compared to a stink worm is actually a bit of a compliment down here?’ said Angelica.
‘No I think it’s much more likely he didn’t hear you,’ said Chen. ‘Either that or we’re just too insignificant for him to notice.’
‘Well, maybe he’ll notice this.’
Angelica loaded her crossbow and raised it into an aiming position, but her hand froze as her finger closed around the trigger. 
‘It’s not as easy as you think is it?’ said Chen.
‘Just watch me.’
Angelica gritted her teeth and took aim once again.
‘Ere look, someone’s trying to shoot the boss!’
One of the other orcs had seen what she was doing. The orc made a grab for her weapon, and in the following struggle, the bolt was fired and landed somewhere in Grimley’s enormous backside. However, the only reaction to this was slightly distracted grunt, and the offending item was soon removed with a casual brush of the hand.
Meanwhile, the orc grappling with Angelica was dealt with by a group of nearby goblins, and then both she and Chen were able to fire off a couple more shots. Chen’s was the first and lodged squarely between Grimley’s shoulders, and again this had almost no effect. Then Angelica’s stuck harmlessly in some panelling beside the oven, but managed to provoke a response all the same.
‘HEY, WHO’S THROWING LITTLE STICKS AT ME?’ said Grimley, turning round, then seeing Angelica and Chen added, ‘IT’S GOBBY AND ZOBBY. BUT, WHAT’S HAPPENED TO YOUR FACE ZOBBY? YOU’RE . . . A TOPSIDER!’
‘We both are,’ said Chen, wiping his face clean. ‘And we’ve come to take those children back.’
‘TWO TOPSIDERS!’ said Grimley licking his lips.
‘YOU’VE NO IDEA WHAT IT’S LIKE HAVING TO WORK ON SOMETHING LIKE THIS.’
Grimley looked longingly in the direction of the pie.
‘DAY AFTER DAY PLANNING AND MAKING PREPARATIONS, CONSULTING THE ANCIENT RECIPES TO FIND OUT WHAT KIND OF SEASONING GOES BEST WITH TOPSIDER FLESH, HOW TO BASTE IT SO THAT THE SKIN COMES OUT GOOD AND CRISPY – AND ALL THE TIME KNOWING I WOULD NEVER BE ABLE TO ENJOY THIS RARE PLEASURE MYSELF. I MEAN, I PAYS MY TAXES LIKE EVERYONE ELSE, AND WOULD THEY LET ME HAVE ANY FOR MY POT? NO, LITTLE TOPSIDERS IS ONLY FOR ROYALTY AND SPECIAL GUESTS THEY SAYS. SO I JUST HAD TO BITE MY TONGUE AND THINK ABOUT WHAT MIGHT HAVE BEEN . . . UNTIL NOW THAT IS!’
The giant chef took a step in their direction.
‘MMM, I THINK ROASTED WILL BE BEST,’ he said, licking his lips. 
Angelica and Chen started to back away.
‘GARNISHED WITH A LITTLE WILD SLIMEWEED AND CHOPPED WART NUTS, OR MAYBE GRILLED, OR JUST SLICED UP REAL THIN, DRIZZLED WITH A LIGHT TOADSTOOL SAUCE AND SERVED UP ON A BED OF FRESH CHUP CHUP LEAVES.’
Angelica felt something against her back and looking round saw that a large table was blocking their path.
‘YES, THE SIMPLEST RECIPES ARE OFTEN THE BEST.’
As Grimley approached he started to sing once again, emphasising his words as before by slashing back and forth with his clever:

CHOPPY CHOPPY
SLICEY SLICEY,
FILL MY BELLY
NICEY NICEY,
YUM YUM YUM.

They rolled under the table and were just emerging from the other side when the cleaver smashed straight through it.
‘We’ve got to slow him down somehow,’ said Chen, picking a large splinter out of his hair. ‘We need to buy some time until the goblins are ready to help us.
‘What do you suggest!’ said Angelica, thinking that only some very serious military hardware would have any effect on Grimley now.
‘We’ll work in relays,’ said Chen. ‘One of us standing and firing whilst the other falls back to reload.’
Angelica nodded, wishing that her crossbow could suddenly transform itself into some kind of rocket launcher.
‘Try to aim for his head,’ said Chen, as Angelica was preparing to fire. ‘With any luck it’ll get him angry.’
‘But how will that help, surely he’s dangerous enough already?’
‘You’ll have to trust me, I might have an idea.’
Angelica squeezed the trigger and the bolt whizzed passed Grimley’s right ear.
Now it was Chen’s turn to fire whilst Angelica stumbled backwards and groped for the next bolt in her quiver.
‘Nice try!’ said Angelica, seeing his shot pass through the centre of Grimley’s chef’s hat.
After this Grimley put up his arm and Angelica’s next shot lodged firmly in the back of his hand.
‘Good,’ said Chen. ‘We’re starting to get through to him. Now if we can just hit him with a couple more volleys.’
Grimley let out a terrifying roar as the bolts struck his arms and torso.
‘Well that’s it,’ said Angelica. ‘I’ve run out of ammo.’
‘Here, use this and try to get it in his mouth,’ said Chen, passing her a can of Max Fizz Cola.
‘But what’s the point?’ said Angelica. ‘Unless you believe all that rubbish about the five can limit.’
‘Just do it, all right!’ said Chen. ‘There isn’t time to explain.’
‘Okay, okay,’ said Angelica, and with some difficulty she fitted the can onto the crossbow, drew back the string then fired.
The can span clumsily through the air, and would have missed its target altogether if Grimley hadn’t snapped it out of the air with his jaws. Clearly he wasn’t going to be intimidated by a can of fizzy drink.
‘Again,’ said Chen, handing her another can.
‘But why can’t we use real ammo, you’ve still got a few bolts left?’
‘You do trust me don’t you?’ said Chen, looking into her eyes.
‘Well, yes, of course I do.’
Chen didn’t say anything.
‘All right,’ said Angelica. ‘But what if you’re wrong?’
‘If I’m wrong this is really going to seriously damage my reputation. In fact, I might not live it down.’
This time Angelica tried to judge trajectory to take account of the can’s spin.
‘That’s two for two,’ said Chen, counting off her hits.
‘Three . . . four, you’re doing great,’ he continued encouragingly. 
‘And five . . . and six.’ 
‘There, I told you it wouldn’t work,’ said Angelica.
But just at that moment Grimley’s huge lips parted, and from them came the most ground-shakingly loud and yet somehow strangely pitiful sound.
‘UUUUUUHHHH-OOOOOOOOOHHH!’ he said, and with that the colossal chef exploded, showering the kitchen with bits of orc, half-digested food and fragments of Max Fizz Cola can.
Chen loosed off a final shot at the control lever and the pie stopped a few inches short of the oven.
‘Coo-elll,’ said Stewie, who had just managed to shake the gag from his mouth. ‘So it is true after all!’
Chen chuckled quietly to himself. No one had noticed the six micro-grenades he had attached to the bottom of each can.


Chapter Fifteen

Back On The Surface

Cassandra had been into the city many times on school trips and with friends or her parents, but she had never seen the place so utterly deserted.
‘Where is everyone?’ she said, peering through the tiny viewscope.
‘Maybe it’s a clan holiday, like Mudmas festival or poke a rat day,’ said Broodangle, who was squashed up beside her inside the mark one infiltrator.
‘What? No, we have religious and other holidays as well, but it’s never this quiet even on Christmas day. Hold on, there’s someone coming, a policeman, well it looks like one anyway.’
‘Where are you going strange topsider?’ the policeman’s voice crackled from the speaker above Cassandra’s head.
Cassandra typed a response on the keyboard in front of her and then a few seconds later a robotic voice replied one syllable at a time, ‘I am on a sight-see-ing trip. You know, Nel-sons Col-umn, Buck-ing-ham Pal-ace, The Mouses of Parl-i-a-ment.’
‘Damn!’ said Cassandra. ‘I must have mistyped.’
They had stopped in the middle of Knightsbridge High Street, where a barricade had been constructed from an odd collection of items including furniture, cardboard boxes, shop dummies and one inflatable dinghy.
‘Can’t you read?’ the policeman replied, tapping the sign beside him with a large spiked club. The sign, which had been crudely daubed on the underside of a surfboard, read as follows:

LONDIN IS KLOSED

CUM BAK TO-MORO

‘This is stupid. I mean, he’s obviously not a real policeman and only an idiot would think this pile of junk was the genuine article,’ said Cassandra to Broodangle.
‘What do you mean, it’s not so bad,’ said Broodangle, defensively.
‘Not so bad?’ said Cassandra incredulously. ‘We’re sitting inside a man that’s four foot wide, seven feet tall, who’s dressed in a bright orange maternity dress, with a Wellington boot on one foot, a bedroom slipper on the other and a toy spaceman’s helmet on his head!’
‘I told you, that’s all the clothing I had left. And we had to have the helmet because a bit of his head was missing.’
‘Okay, but what about all the steam?’
‘I’m trying to keep it down, but we’re never going to get there in time if I don’t keep the pressure up in the boiler.’
‘Please move along now sir,’ the policeman continued.
‘I still say we’d stand a better chance in the open,’ said Cassandra. ‘So why don’t we go back the way we came, ditch this tin can and look for another way on foot.’ 
‘There isn’t time for that now.’
‘So we’ll break out the weapons and fight our way through then.’
‘No, we’ve got to keep to our cover. If they see a topsider and a rogue goblin running around, they’ll call out the guards for sure. At the moment he probably thinks we’re just a lost patrol unit, which gives us an advantage.’
‘So what are we going to do?’
Broodangle looked through the viewscope.
‘Well, if you can keep him talking whilst I put a bit more fuel in, we might be able to dodge our way past him and break though that barrier.’
‘What in this old thing, are you serious?’ Cassandra scoffed.
‘The mark one may have had its problems but speed wasn’t one of them,’ said Broodangle, shovelling some coal into the furnace by his feet. ‘I’ll give you the signal as soon as the pressure increases a few more points.’
Cassandra started to type again.
‘O-kay friend,’ the infiltrator’s voice unit repeated. ‘We both know neith-er of us is a real top-sid-er.’
‘You wish to pass into the restricted zone?’ the Policeman replied.
‘Yes.’
‘What is the purpose of you visit?’
‘We are mak-ing an in-spec-tion of . . . ’
Cassandra turned to her companion.
‘Quick, help me out, I don’t know what to say.’ 
‘Tell him we’re here to look at the Doom Speaker’s upper level exhaust vents.’
Cassandra type in what Broodangle had said.
‘It seems unlikely they would send such an old unit for an important task like that,’ said the policeman. ‘What is your designation? I will radio control to verify your story.’
‘We are a res-erve maint-en-ance crew att-ached to the third batt-al-ion of the scream-ing hordes of . . . ’
Cassandra stopped typing.
‘Sorry, I’m losing it again.’
‘Don’t worry, we’re almost ready to go,’ said Broodangle. ‘When I give the word, press that button by your side there. It’ll activate the arms in combat mode, which might just give us the edge.’
The cockpit shook violently as the rhythmic thump of the legs beneath them increased, and Cassandra started to cough from steam leaking though the floor.
‘Now!’ said Broodangle.
Cassandra pressed the button and then steadied herself as the infiltrator lurched forward.
‘Try to direct us around him,’ said Broodangle.
‘All right,’ said Cassandra, moving closer to the viewscope. ‘Left a bit, a bit more, no sorry, right . . . oh dear!’
The policeman had proved too manoeuvrable for them and was now blocking the way ahead.
‘Go on, hit him,’ Cassandra called out a few moments later.
Their own infiltrator was now giving the policeman something of a pummelling, striking out wildly with its arms spinning like windmills in opposite directions.
A hollow thud echoed around the machine’s interior.
‘Oh no!’ said Cassandra. ‘He got us back.’
The thud was soon followed by another loud bang, and then the sound of wrenching gears and tearing cables.
‘That’s torn it, one of the arms is off.’
‘We’re losing stability,’ said Broodangle, as they started to rock wildly from side to side. ‘You’ll have to shut the other one down.’
Cassandra returned the button to its original position, and with no means left to defend themselves, a rapid succession of blows resounded against the infiltrator’s sides.
‘I’m going to put the engine into overdrive,’ said Broodangle, ducking a shower of sparks from the panel above them.
‘Are you sure that’s a good idea? This thing doesn’t look like it’ll to hold together much . . . ’
Cassandra’s final words were drowned out as the hiss of the pistons and the general clatter of machinery increased dramatically. 
Then, as the machine started forward once again, the interior was filled with another much denser cloud of steam and the viewscope was temporarily misted over. When she finally managed to clear it, Cassandra couldn’t see any sign of the policeman.
‘Look for the weakest part of the barrier,’ said Broodangle. ‘I’m going to try a ram.’
Cassandra shouted out a series of course corrections, but more by luck than anything else, they struck the barrier at a point where a number of body builder’s weights had been piled on top of a rather flimsy wardrobe.
‘You better hold on to something,’ said Broodangle as they smashed through the wardrobe doors and broke through the other side.
‘Check if he’s still behind us,’ he added.
Cassandra operated the controls that swivelled the head and twisted the zoom grip beside the viewscope.
‘It’s okay,’ she said. ‘I don’t think he’ll be catching us in a hurry.’
The other infiltrator was lying broken in two. A goblin pilot had emerged from the wreckage and was now shaking his fist at them.
‘There isn’t much time left, I’m going to open the throttle right up.’
Broodangle clicked a series of levers into their forward positions, ignoring the increasingly urgent warning lights.
They hurtled round Hyde Park Corner with Broodangle shovelling the last of the coal into the furnace, and Cassandra somehow managed to navigate a straight course as they continued through Wellington Arch. Thundering passed the gates of Buckingham Palace, the mark one infiltrator was still just about holding itself together, but as they approached Parliament Square the instrument panel was a mass of red lights and an alarm bell was ringing loudly in their ears.
‘It’s no good, we’ll have to bail out,’ said Broodangle.
He pulled another lever. The pair of them tumbled from the back of the machine, which continued a few more steps before a series of explosions sent its head flying into the air and blasted the torso apart.
‘You were right, that thing really can go,’ said Cassandra, watching the legs running off into the distance.
‘Come on,’ said Broodangle helping Cassandra to her feet. ‘We need to keep moving.’
‘So where is this missile then?’
Cassandra looked around the deserted square and then scanned the many spires and rooftops of Westminster Palace.
‘It’s that one on the end,’ said Broodangle, nodding towards the iconic clock tower.
‘What, you mean it’s inside Big Ben?’ said Cassandra.
‘No, not exactly inside it,’ Broodangle replied. ‘Look, I can’t explain it right now, there might not be much time left.’
They crossed the road on the other side of the square and continued past the end of the parliament buildings. A small tremor beneath their feet made Cassandra lose her footing and a bin toppled over beside them. Then several paving stones erupted from the opposite pavement. 
Cassandra glanced round. Spaced out along the street they had just come along, dotted around the square and beyond into the distance, enormous metal columns were now rising out of the ground.
‘What’s going on?’ she said, falling back against the railings that stood between them and the base of the clock tower.
‘Well unless I’m mistaken, it looks like the Doom Speaker is about to take off,’ said Broodangle.
‘What?’ said Cassandra. ‘But I thought Plopbottle was meant to be shutting the engines down.’
‘He must have been delayed. But there isn’t time to worry about that now, we need get out of the open fast.’
Broodangle scaled the railings with the ease of an accomplished burglar and held out his hand for Cassandra.  As soon as they had reached the other side, he started to examine a small window at the base of the tower. At the same time, the columns which now towered above them, had started to rotate.
‘For god’s sake, why don’t you just put a brick through it!’ said Cassandra, looking round.
‘That won’t work. This is tough stuff,’ said Broodangle, rapping the glass. ‘Reinforced security grade – bullet proof at least, maybe even bomb proof.’
Rotor blades folded out from the columns and within a few minutes a slow, rhythmic thump had changed into a continuous drone.
‘How much longer is this going to take?’ Cassandra shouted, bracing herself against the side of the building with dust and litter swirling around her ears.
‘Don’t worry,’ said Broodangle. ‘They haven’t made a window yet that could keep me out for long.’
‘Hey, look at that!’ said Cassandra.
A crack that had appeared in the ground nearby had suddenly widened into a board fissure.
‘We’re right on the edge here,’ said Broodangle. ‘We’ll be all right once we’re inside, but try not to go too near for now.’
Broodangle continued working on the window.
‘Here, hold on to this could you,’ he said, nodding at one of the three jemmies he had been working into the gaps around the window frame.
Cassandra moved round to help Broodangle.
‘Right,’ said Broodangle. ‘I want you to start levering from your side.’
‘What was that?’ said Cassandra, looking round with a start.
A roof tile had landed exactly where she had been standing a few seconds before.
‘Just keep pulling,’ said Broodangle. ‘I’ll tell you when to stop.’
Cassandra did as she was asked, but couldn’t help looking behind her again when the closest span of Westminster Bridge collapsed into the river and the last of the London skyline still visible above the fissure was replaced by clear blue horizon.
‘Look out,’ said Broodangle, as the window finally burst from its hinges.
Cassandra ducked to one side but was still caught by a blow to the shoulder, which also knocked her over. She struggled to her feet, but was immediately blown over again by the downdraft from the rotor blades. This time she tumbled several yards in the direction of the fissure, or rather what was now a sheer cliff with nothing but empty sky on the other side. Fortunately, she just managed to dig her figures into the ground before going completely over the edge.
‘Quick, I’m slipping!’ Cassandra called out.
‘Don’t worry, I’ve got the perfect thing for this,’ Broodangle shouted back. ‘Micro-grapnel launcher. Got it from the Assassin Senior – Ultimate Housebreaker’s Catalogue.’
Broodangle pressed a button on the grapnel’s wrist launcher, and at the same time, couldn’t resist striking a pose like the assassin pictured in the catalogue. The grapnel’s titanium tip stuck firmly into the corner of the building, a few feet from Cassandra. This was a handy additional feature that enabled the grapnel to be used as a pinion for climbing, high wire crossings between buildings and a host of other high pose activities.
‘Oh yes, we’ll soon have you rescued with this baby,’ he added, securing his end of the ultra-lightweight cable.

~

Against all probability the Doom Speaker was actually flying. Bristling with every kind of weapon imaginable, it filled the sky like an ominous cloud; a vast slab of hastily riveted steel, topped with a hundred or so yards of London clay and a square mile of its most historic sites. And somewhere not far from its southeastern corner, a wiry goblin had just rescued his companion and the two of them were now scrambling into the neo-Gothic tower perched impossibly close to its edge. At the same time, in a room buried deep inside the machine, the king’s party was already well underway.
Chancellor Griswold finished briefing a group of Kell-Shi Kai officers, exchanged a few words with a goblin sitting at a control desk and then crossed the room to join the king at the side of his throne.
‘I trust the entertainments have been to your liking so far sire,’ he said to the king.
‘Well, it’s been mostly dreadful Griswold. Although that last one ended well,’ said King Gnarblad, watching what was left of the bomb jugglers being swept from the stage. ‘And they saved the executioner a job.’
The king’s advisor made some rapid signals to the stagehands, who then started to set things up for the following act.
‘Many apologies sire, but hopefully you’ll enjoy this next group. Ziggy Slimevest’s band is very popular at the moment. They will be performing their latest screech anthem, Crushing your face again and again yeah-yeah-yeah.’
The king gave a non-committal grunt, then slumped down in his throne.
‘All stations report combat readiness sire!’ 
A young lieutenant from the regular army corps had just arrived.
‘The shock troops have been assembled in the lower hangar decks in front of the war buggies and the battle tanks. The garks have been fed and watered, and are waiting for their riders. The new ornithoptors . . . ’ 
The king held up his hand then leaned forward to smell the lieutenant’s breath.
‘Are you sober Legbone?’
‘Apologies sire,’ the young lieutenant replied. ‘I’ve been so busy, there hasn’t been much time for drinking.’
‘Take a look at your brother officers,’ said the king. ‘Do they seem busy to you?’
At that moment most of the other orcs were either singing drunken songs, head butting each other, or engaging in other insane tests of strength and courage.
‘Well no sire, quite frankly they don’t.’
‘And do you know why that is?’
The lieutenant shook his head.
‘It’s because they are warriors Legbone and a warrior does not concern himself with trivial details such as whether every one of the animals has had enough slimeweed fodder.’
The king put a hand on the lieutenant’s shoulder.
‘When you joined the officer class you became part of a great and noble tradition,’ he said, as a particularly inebriated sub-commander beside them began setting fire to his hair. 
‘Do you understand now?’
The lieutenant nodded slowly.
‘Good, now if you haven’t finished off at least six barrels of ale by the time we reach the enemy capital, I’ll have the skin flayed from your back.’
The lieutenant joined the disorderly crowd in front of the stage, who had just started head banging and jumping up and down in time with the music.
‘You know, seeing him like that reminds me of myself at his age,’ the king sighed, but then quickly added, ‘Azanoth! What am I saying?’ I am a warrior myself. A great warrior – and very soon, most likely, I will become the greatest of them all. Don’t you see Griswold? I have a duty to my men, to the clan and even to history itself.’
The king rose to his feet, wrestled a tankard of puffball brandy from a drunken sergeant and then pushed through the crowd to join the band on the stage.
‘Can you handle major harm, cos we both know your gonna get some. Oh yeah, it’s gonna be fun . . . ’ the king roared along with the words, with one arm around Ziggy Slimevest and the other punching his tankard into the air.

~

‘How much further is it, my legs are killing me?’ said Cassandra breathlessly.
‘The clock room is only a few more steps,’ said Broodangle. ‘That’s where the flight controls are. The warhead itself is one floor up again in the bell chamber.’
‘Hey, right, that’s another thing. When I asked where the missile was you pointed up here at the Big Ben tower, but then you said that it wasn’t inside it?’
‘I said it wasn’t inside it for one simple reason, the tower is the missile! I don’t understand it exactly, but they’ve managed to reinforce the structure somehow, and if they can get that great big hunk of ground outside into the air then this should be . . . ’
‘What is it . . . oh!’ said Cassandra.
They had stepped from the spiral staircase into a room where a hooded figure was waiting, silhouetted against one of the four paneled clock faces.
‘Garnax! What are you doing here?’ said Broodangle.
‘I always think it’s s-sso important to keep in touch with old friendsss,’ Garnax spoke slowly, picking his words with a cold precision. ‘Now, what ssh-should we talk about I wonder?’
‘We haven’t got time for your games,’ said Broodangle. ‘What do you want?’
‘Well there is the s-ssmall matter of an outstanding contract.’
‘Contract, what contract?’ said Cassandra.
‘S-SSo, you haven’t told your young topsider friends then?’
‘Told us what?’ said Cassandra, turning to Broodangle.
‘It s-sseems that our mutual friend here has been up to all kinds of things lately,’ Garnax continued. ‘Going to places that he sh-shouldn’t be going, poking his nose into things that are none of his businesss, and generally drawing attention to those who prefer to remain un-sss-seen and unheard. Isn’t that right brother?’
Broodangle didn’t reply.
‘I don’t understand, what is he talking about?’ said Cassandra, looking confused.
‘He’s talking about the brotherhood. They put a contract out on my life and Garnax was sent here to make sure it gets carried out.’
‘Well, not exactly s-ssent,’ said Garnax. ‘To be honest, I volunteered.’
Cassandra moved closer to Broodangle.
‘There’s two of us and we’re both armed,’ she hissed. ‘Surely we can beat him between us.’
‘Ah-hem,’ Garnax coughed discretely. ‘You may not have realised yet quite how s-ssensitive goblin hearing can be.’
‘That’s as maybe,’ said Cassandra, fitting a bolt into a crossbow pistol and taking aim. ‘But I’m not the one with a loaded weapon pointing straight at his chest.’
Garnax ran his fingers over the ironwork on the clock face.
‘You know, the craftsmanship in this place is really quite good. Almost worthy of our own workers in places.’
‘I’m sorry, but there really isn’t time for this,’ said Cassandra, lowering the weapon and taking aim once again, this time at Garnax’s leg.
‘On the contrary, it is I who must apologize.’ 
Garnax turned towards them opening out his palms. Something whizzed through the air. Broodangle watched as Cassandra slumped to the floor, then span round with a sub-machinegun in his hands.
‘Traditional weaponsss only brother,’ said Garnax, launching a magnetic grapnel and snatching the gun from Broodangle’s hands. 
‘Don’t worry, it’s only a paralyzing dart,’ Garnax added. ‘It wouldn’t be correct to give away additional s-sservices without a renegotiation of my fees.’
‘So they’re paying you as well,’ said Broodangle. ‘Do you mind if I ask how much?’
‘I don’t s-ssee why not. My fee for this assignment will be a full case of gold and of course the personal s-ssatisfaction of a job well done.’
‘Two hundred at least then. A tidy sum, but we both know I’m worth more than that.’
‘That’s what I told them, but they s-ssaid you were losing your touch.’
The two opponents paced the room in opposite directions.
‘This is the point where they usually s-sstart to beg,’ said Garnax. ‘Offer money to save themselves, or even to get back at the one that hired me. Yesss, those are the ones I like best, I think. SSS-Something nice and sss-symetrical about them.’
‘Actually, there was one thing I’ve always been curious about,’ said Broodangle. ‘You never show your face, and, well, I wondered what you look like under that cloak.’
‘Yes, that is a s-ssurprisingly popular request. Very well then.’
Garnax threw back his hood reveling a gaunt, lifeless face, with eyes recessed deep in their sockets and bloodless lips drawn out over teeth arranged like bleached headstones. But more than this was the indefinable sense of malice. Clearly this was a face that had witnessed a great deal of cruelty and suffering – and he had been the one causing it.
‘So, did you really think that this would be better than fighting a faceless enemy?’ said Garnax.
‘W-Well, you sure are ugly,’ said Broodangle, struggling to hide how unnerved this had made him. ‘I’m guessing you don’t have much luck at Spongo’s singles night.’
‘Very funny,’ said Garnax coolly. ‘But you won’t be laughing quite so much when I’ve finished with you.’
‘Traditional weapons was it?’ said Broodangle.
Ignoring Garnax’s threat, he withdrew a short cudgel from his belt.
‘Hey, you know what you look like in that cloak?’ he added. ‘One of those flying cave rats, what do the topsiders call them, bats I think . . . and you know what we do with them down here, we catch them and cook them up for our supper.’
Broodangle pressed a button on the cudgel’s handle, launching a weighted net from the other end. However, Garnax managed to avoid it with an almost effortless back flip.
‘Hu, nice toy,’ he scoffed. ‘But I have s-ssome better ones I think.’
Garnax rolled four metallic spheres along the ground.  Broodangle fell back instinctively and covered himself on the ground.
‘Tut, tut,’ said Garnax. ‘That you could think I would do anything s-sso unimaginative.’
Broodangle stood up again and watched first with bewilderment and then a look of rising panic, as the spheres unfolded into four mechanical spiders.
‘Get off me, no, aggghhhhhh,’ Broodangle called out, as one of the spiders jumped up and sank its jaws into his left arm, and was quickly followed by the other two attacking his legs and chest.
‘Mossst amusing,’ Garnax laughed cruelly as Broodangle hopped from one leg to the other, frantically waving his arms. ‘You know who you remind me of? That little dan-sss-ing runtling you call a friend. No doubt I will be asked to deal with him once I have finished with you.’
‘Plopbottle, you leave him out of this!’
Broodangle snatched a collapsible fighting stick from his belt, pressed the extend button and then beat the spiders from his body. He continued attacking them until there was nothing left apart from a scattering of cogs and springs.
‘S-Sso, there is still some of the old magic left,’ said Garnax. ‘I never told you this before, but when I first saw you practicing at the academy I couldn’t believe that anyone could be s-so fast and s-sso agile.’
Garnax launched several serrated disks as he spoke. Broodangle deflected them with his fighting stick, but was forced to abandon it when the final one sliced it in half. 
Broodangle removed a bolas-grenade launcher from the folds of his overcoat.
‘And I never told you how stupid we all thought you looked,’ Broodangle replied. ‘Strutting around in that ridiculous black clothes. Tell me, is it true that you only came to the academy because the assassination bureau wouldn’t take you?’ 
As he finished his question, Broodangle took aim and pulled the trigger. Garnax ducked to one side, then cartwheeled away from the blast as the two ends of the bolas coiled themselves around a stone pillar and finally exploded.
‘My father only had thirty five gold. The bureau wanted sixty, but I knew I had what it takes,’ said Garnax, returning fire with a handful of throwing stars.
Broodangle dodged the stars and then retaliated by hurling a leg trap on the end of a length of chain.
‘Got you!’ said Broodangle, as the trap snapped around Garnax’s ankle.
‘Curssse you,’ said Garnax, struggling to open the trap. 
Broodangle pulled hard on the chain and Garnax fell to the floor.
‘The advantage is mine, I think,’ said Broodangle. ‘So maybe you should be one the one begging now.’
‘Hu, you don’t have the s-sstomach to kill me,’ said Garnax contemptuously.
‘Maybe not,’ Broodangle replied. ‘But then again, perhaps I wasn’t the only one to take advantage of Assassin Senior’s two for one deal on packs of paralyzing darts.’
Broodangle extracted a small blowpipe from his boot and loaded a dart.
‘Now then, where d’you want it, in the leg?’
‘Waaa, wasss going on?’ said Cassandra, who was starting to wake up.
Broodangle glanced round only for a second, then looked back just in time to dodge a stiletto dagger.
‘Ha, missed,’ said Broodangle defiantly.
‘No, I think not,’ Garnax replied, casting sideways glance at the dagger, which had become embedded in some woodwork close to Broodangle’s head.
‘What’s that . . .  gas?’ Broodangle coughed.
The blade’s jeweled pommel had shattered, releasing a cloud of green vapor. Broodangle rubbed his eyes and tried to steady himself against a pillar. Suddenly, Garnax didn’t seem quite so helpless. Squinting through half-closed eyes, Broodangle watched as he rose to his feet and quickly removed the trap.
‘They’re quite exquis-ssite, wouldn’t you agree?’
‘W-What’s that? What’s he up to now?’ said Broodangle, distantly.
Garnax was pulling on a pair of finely crafted armored gloves, which had delicate silver talons extending from the end of each finger.
‘And unique,’ Garnax continued, turning the gloves so that the talons glinted in the light. ‘The craftsman that made these met with an unfortunate accident not long after he completed his commission. Apparently when they found him, the marks on his neck seemed to indicate that he had been both s-sstrangled and had had his throat cut at the same time.’
Broodangle staggered back as Garnax approached him.
‘Oh, and these aren’t coated with a s-ssimple paralyzing agent,’ said Garnax. ‘One scratch and you will be dead in a few quite exquisssitely agonizing seconds.’
Finally, Broodangle’s legs buckled beneath him and he sank to his knees in front of his enemy.
‘Well, maybe a minute . . . fifteen at the most,’ Garnax added with a sadistic grin.


Chapter Sixteen

Airborne

In a small control room hidden somewhere amongst the tangle of pipes and valves and pistons that powered the Doom Speaker, a tiny goblin had just made what was probably the most important decision of his life.
‘P-Ploppy is going to d-do it!’ said Plopbottle, banging his fist on the instrument panel. 
‘Going to do what?’ said the technician, who was still trapped beneath an unconscious troll and could only speak and see through a piece of metal tubing. ‘Hey, you’re not touching those controls are you, the ones I specifically told you to keep away from?’
Plopbottle said nothing, but turned his body instead so the technician couldn’t see what he was doing.
‘I know you’re up to something,’ said the technician. ‘The meters jumping about all over the place.’
‘J-Just a few more b-buttons,’ said Plopbottle to himself. ‘Ploppy has to be b-brave, think about his hero Johnny Marino in D-Disco Disaster 77, when he went back inside s-sinking ship to rescue children.’
‘Control room, what’s going on down there, the power readings are off the scale?’ Nagrod’s voice came through the intercom with the noise of the party in the background.
‘N-No, it n-nothing really,’ Plopbottle stammered. ‘Just few t-technical problems, things b-back to normal very s-soon.’
‘Hey, I recognize that voice.’ 
Someone else was speaking through the intercom.
‘Reknagg, come over here. It’s the little dancing man, you know, the one from the circus.’
‘Is it really you?’ Reknagg’s trusting voice boomed from the loudspeaker. ‘We is all up here at the party, why don’t you take a break and join us.’
‘N-No, sorry Ploppy is t-too busy.’
Plopbottle felt a sudden wave of regret coming over him.
‘Oh go on, we can all do the singing like we did before and you can dance for us. How does it go again . . . DUH, DUH-DUH, DUH-DUH-DUH-DUH . . . ’
‘No, p-please stop, P-Ploppy has to tell you something. Royal guards always been so k-kind to Ploppy, not like other nasty orcs and t-trolls. Ploppy didn’t know you would be at p-party as well, otherwise . . . ’ 
‘What is it, what’s wrong? Is it something to do with the power readings?’ said the other Kell Shi-Kai guard.
‘Y-You got to g-get out, Ploppy very sorry, P-Ploppy had to do something to stop b-big horrid machine.’

~

Master Sergeant Growler was about to fall in love. He hadn’t been paying much attention to the entertainments so far, which for the most part had been the usual tired acts; a ventriloquism duo called Erik Smallbones and his amazing talking rock, a magician whose entire show revolved around the hundred or so flying cave rats he had so obviously stuffed into his trousers before coming on stage, and the bomb jugglers of course. But then, not long after the king had finished embarrassing himself on stage, the master sergeant heard a voice and everything changed.

‘My boils explode with delight,
when you are here in the night.

Growl your name in my ear,
my claws are nothing to fear . . .’

The master sergeant broke off from feeding scraps to his war hound.
‘What is the amazing sound?’ he said. ‘It’s like baby rats drowning in a cement mixer.’
‘You know, that takes me right back to my childhood Wolfie,’ he added fondly. 
Then the master sergeant looked up and saw her face; squint eyed and crooked jawed, her features hideously scarred and pockmarked by the ravages of some terrible disease – she was irresistible.
‘Tell me friend, who is that amazing creature?’ he said, nudging the troll beside him.
‘She’s a back up singer with the band,’ the troll replied. ‘The king accidentally killed Ziggy with his celebratory head butt.’
‘Yes, yes, I know that, but what’s her name?’
‘Uhh, I think they said it was Gretchen Plagueface.’
‘Gretchen Plagueface,’ the master sergeant repeated slowly. ‘What a beautiful name . . . I’ve got to get her attention!’
The master sergeant grabbed an ale jug from the table, drained it in a single gulp then smashed it over his head, letting out an ear-splitting roar at the same time.
‘Do you think she noticed Wolfie?’
The master sergeant held his breath and just when it looked like she hadn’t seen him, the singer turned very slightly in his direction and fluttered the long black lash hanging down over her slightly less squinty eye.
When she had finished her number, she winked once again and the master sergeant followed her out of the room. The king was still busy being rowdy with his senior officers and didn’t notice their absence. Nor did he see the others slipping quietly away from the party; Nagrod and the Kell-Shi Kai guards, and finally Chancellor Griswold, who also seemed to sense that something wasn’t right.

~

‘Sweet Drakk! The systems are going crazy, what have you done?’ said the trapped technician as a shower of sparks exploded from the master control panel.
‘P-Ploppy did what he had to d-do,’ said Plopbottle defiantly. ‘Ploppy couldn’t let n-nasty machine kill all those nice topsiders. And what would they do when they find out who attack them – it would mean war with the s-surface, did anyone think about that?’
‘But what you’re talking about is treason,’ said the technician. ‘The king gives the orders and we obey them, that’s all there is to it. Now, get me out of here quickly, there may still be time to put things right before the engines go into an overload.’
Plopbottle stared at his feet for a few seconds then looked up and replied. 
‘P-Ploppy sorry, really he is, but it already too late.’
‘What are you talking about? You don’t mean, oh no, only a lunatic would . . . ’
Plopbottle nodded slowly.
‘ . . . link the outlet values to the inlet manifold.’
Plopbottle noticed the unconscious troll moving very slightly.
‘It’s no good, I can’t get him off me,’ said the technician after several attempts to shift the enormous guard. ‘Come on over here and help me, maybe we can do it together.’
‘What’s the point?’ said Plopbottle. ‘We all be d-dead in a few minutes anyway.’
‘No, no, it only happens that fast on much smaller machines. Engines of this size have got all kinds of safety valves and containment units built in. A full overload could take anything up to, well, there should still be time if we don’t hang about.’
Plopbottle crossed the room, dragging the heavy metal boot behind him. They tried to move the troll, first with Plopbottle lifting and the technician pushing from underneath, then with Plopbottle alone using the pipe as a lever.
‘It no good, we have to wake him up,’ said Plopbottle, then added, ‘Come on mister troll, wakey, wakey,’ tugging the guard’s head with all his strength.
The troll still didn’t stir. Plopbottle realised that a different approach was needed.
‘M-Mister troll,’ he whispered in the guard’s ear’ ‘It d-dinner time.’
The guard’s mouth opened, releasing a deep rumbling yawn.
‘Whaaaaaaaaaa-did-you-say?’
‘They put out special food in g-guard’s mess hall,’ Plopbottle continued. ‘But you have to hurry before it runs out.’
‘No, I don’t think so,’ said the guard sleepily. ‘I’m not really hungry and my head feels a bit funny. I think I’ll just lie down here for a bit longer.’
‘There’ll be b-bone biscuits, g-gristle cakes, goblin ale, and all other things trolls like.’
‘I dunno, I prefer entrail stew really.’
‘Entrail Stew, s-sorry did Ploppy forget to mention? Chef said he was gonna make up special batch . . . extra entraily.’
‘Oh all right then, in the mess hall did you say?’
The guard stood up and left without noticing the technician who had been lying half-crushed beneath him. Plopbottle assisted the technician until he was standing, albeit somewhat shakily, on his feet.
‘Ploppy help you, now you help Ploppy. He need to get this thing off,’ said Plopbottle, pointing to the iron boot.
‘Sorry pal, you made this mess, you can get yourself out of it.’
The technician hurried away in the same direction as the guard. Plopbottle hunted around the room and cursed to himself. If only he hadn’t lost the wrench. Most likely it was stuck somewhere in the ventilation shaft. Another shower of sparks burst from the control panel and thick black smoke started to fill the room. Plopbottle held his breath and limped as quickly as he could towards the door.
‘Right, it’s definitely right,’ said Plopbottle, finally making up his mind. 
From the moment he left the control room he had been determined to keep going in the same direction. However, after numerous turns and blind alleys, he was now completely disorientated. 
‘Or is it left?’ he said uncertainly.
Plopbottle considered the matter briefly and then went straight on.
‘Drakk,’ he said, arriving at another dead end.
There was no way on. Except, looking again he saw that there was a small inspection hatch just above his head. It was too narrow for a normal sized goblin, but he might just be able to get through it. Plopbottle reached up and prized opened the hatch, then somehow managed to pull himself up and squeeze through the opening. On the other side, he tumbled forwards into an unlit chamber and landed on something soft.
‘W-What’s that?’
Plopbottle’s nose twitched as it caught the smell of something familiar. It was the unmistakable mixture of fireweed smoke and used tea bags. He fumbled around until he found something that felt like a switch.
‘Ploppy’s room!’ Plopbottle squealed as the chamber lit up. ‘P-Ploppy’s own special place, his little hidey-hole.’
Somehow, he couldn’t quite fathom it, he had found himself in his old office from the Great Engine. Then it occurred to him.
‘They must have moved entire section without even looking inside!’
For a few moments Plopbottle was so unbelievably happy, he completely forgot about the immediate danger. He ran a trembling hand over his lost treasures; the movie collection, the bubblegum cards, music in CD format and even some original vinyl recordings, together with a host of other disco related memorabilia. Then, a sudden jolt made him fall back onto his armchair.
‘Oh no, ow, ow, stop . . . ’ said Plopbottle, as his precious things rained down from the shelves above. 
‘Ploppy better get out of here,’ he said, quickly coming to his senses. 
He looked up at a second hatch on the opposite side of the room. If the section had been kept intact, then this would open onto a crawlway connected to an exhaust outlet, which would almost certainly lead him out of the engines. The only problem was he would only be able to carry a handful of things with him. Plopbottle picked up his Johnny Marino action figure with realistic dancing hips and let out a deep, pitiful sigh. He was going to have to make some very difficult choices.

~

In spite of his reputation, the king had clearly been enjoying himself. He had won countless games of chainsaw darts, ridden the mechanical carrion beast, had a go with the musical torture rack, and now he was about to play with the best toy of all. He strode across the room, climbed into a stone lectern carved in the shape of an orc battle chariot and then called for silence.
‘Pretty soon now we’re gonna be giving those Iron-Tooth scum a surprise they won’t be forgetting for a very long time,’ he said to his officers.
The assembled orcs and trolls roared their approval.
‘And then the fighting’s gonna begin.’
Another cheer went up.
‘Now I don’t want you boys at the front hogging all the fun this time. And if anyone gets to Redknuck before me, remember to leave his head on till I get there.’
The king pressed a button on the lectern. The Eiffel Tower appeared on a large view screen behind him.
‘There it is boys,’ he said, turning to face the screen. ‘This is live recon from the topsider colony that hides the entrance to their lair. Our agents tell us they’ve got a really big door just inside the opening. As thick as seven garks lined up end to end, they said, and made of solid granite. So I guess we’re gonna to have to knock real hard to get in.’
A lever topped with a small gold skull rose from the lectern.
‘Most of you probably already know about the secret weapon we’ve got hidden in that fancy timekeeper up on top. But what you won’t know is what we’ve got in the end of it. The ancient texts called it the Dragon Fire Device. The topsiders have got their own name for it. Call it a new-clear-war-head, or some such thing. All you really need to know, though, is that it’s gonna make a really big bang. And a really big bang means a really big hole, which is where you lot come in. Shock troops first of course, with covering fire from the guns on the Doom Speaker. Then, when we’re sure the path ahead is clear, we send in the big stuff – war buggies, battle tanks, siege cannons and so on.’
‘Ah, what about air cover sir?’ said a fresh-faced orc at the front.
A silence fell across the room. If there was one thing the king hated more than anything else, one thing you never did, it was to interrupt him whilst he was talking. And this was especially true when he was making one of his big speeches.
The king stepped down from the podium then returned a few moments later with the impudent officer’s head.
‘That’s a good point,’ said the king to the head, which he had perched on one corner of the lectern. ‘As well as a full squadron of the new ornithoptors there’ll be additional cover from bi-plane fighters with balloon lookouts up above them, so we won’t get caught out by any sneaky counter attacks. Now if there’s no further questions?’
This time no one said anything.
‘Good, then we’ll get down to business without any more delays.’
The picture behind the king changed to an aerial shot coming from a recon unit flying alongside the Doom Speaker.
‘Azanoth, give me the strength to strike down my enemies,’ said the king, making the traditional pre-battle prayer to the Underkingdom god of chaos and destruction.
The king pulled hard on the lever. A piston inside the lectern plunged into a cylinder filled with hydraulic fluid. A fraction of a second later, the fluid arrived in a junction box deep in the tangle of pipes on the floor below.  At the same time, the overload triggered by Plopbottle was starting to take effect. A safety valve on main boiler exploded and was quickly followed by its immediate neighbour, then all the valves in the section. Steel plates surrounding the boiler started to creak, rivets shot from its sides like bullets.
Meanwhile, the king had turned towards the screen with his hands raised above his head.
‘It is written in the time before the Underkingdoms we lived like rats in the darkness, hiding ourselves in the low places of the earth. Then he granted us the gift of fire and light. Azanoth, I call on you once again . . . ’
The junction box translated the hydraulic signal into an electronic one. However, a nanosecond before it could reach the launch mechanism on the missile, the control wire was severed by a fragment of exploding boiler. There was a moment of uncomfortable silence at the party. Then a failsafe circuit activated in the junction box. This system had been designed by grade five technicians, who never left anything to chance. The failsafe circuit sent a second signal, routed this time far away from the engine compartment. A handshaking message returned from the missile, and in as much as it was possible for a collection of diodes and resistors to feel the satisfaction of a job well done, the failsafe circuit did so – and then was blown to pieces itself. A raucous cheer went up from partygoers as the Big Ben clock tower began to climb into the sky.

~

‘Come on pal, we had some good times together didn’t we? I thought we were friends.’
Garnax was advancing on him wearing a pair of deadly clawed gloves and all Broodangle could come up with in his half-comatosed state, was an appeal to some distant idea of comradeship.
‘S-SSurely you haven’t forgotten what Braytarr taught us at the academy,’ Garnax sneered. ‘I refer of course to lesson number twenty three.’
‘A friend in trouble is an inconvenience at best,’ said Broodangle.
‘Correct, and let’s forget lesson s-ssixty seven.’
‘There is no such thing as friends, only business opportunities – look, if it’s cash you’re after, I’ll happily double the two hundred.’
‘But you haven’t got that that s-ssort of money. You gave it all to me the other night remember?’
‘Look, I can get it in a week, two at the most. You know I’m good for it don’t you?’
‘No, I’m s-ssorry,’ Garnax shook his head. ‘I couldn’t go back on a contract – it wouldn’t be good for business. And besidesss, I want to kill you. You’re a disgrace both to the academy and to the brotherhood.’ 
For a moment, Broodangle seemed almost hypnotised as the razor sharp claws closed around his throat. But then the floor trembled violently beneath them and Garnax, who must have been still feeling the pain from the ankle trap, stumbled back a couple of steps. 
‘The launch sequence,’ said Broodangle, struggling onto his feet.
‘So brother, this is your big chance,’ said Garnax.
Broodangle felt desperately around his clothing.
‘Unlesss you don’t have any weapons left of course!’
Broodangle smiled and drew a small pistol from his beard.
‘My lucky single chamber flintlock – it hasn’t let me down yet,’ he said, then took aim and pulled the trigger. 
The pistol fizzled briefly. A small lead ball rolled out of the end and fell on the floor.
‘You know, I really must get around to putting some fresh powder in this,’ said Broodangle.
A wild look came into Garnax’s eyes.
‘Enough of these gamessse. It’s time to finish the job.’
A clawed hand lashed out towards Broodangle, who fell back, ducking to one side and then the other. Then Broodangle’s hand brushed against the launcher on his wrist and he smile again.
At such short range, the grapnel struck with sufficient force to lift Garnax off his feet and to send him crashing through one of the glass clock faces. Then Broodangle fell again – forwards this time, and started to slide across the room. The grapnel’s cable was still attached to the launcher on his wrist and was pulling him towards the hole in the clock face. Somehow, he managed to swing himself round and stuck out his feet with just enough time to brace himself against the edge. 
‘I guess this is goodbye then . . . old friend,’ he said, unfastening the launcher. Then added, ‘Drakk, I only just finished paying for that!’ watching his precious gadget disappear.
‘What’s happening?’ said Cassandra.
The effects of the paralysing dart had worn off enough for her to stand up, but she was still sounding a little groggy.
‘Do you want the short version or the long version?’ Broodangle replied.
‘Ahh, short I think,’ said Cassandra, looking up as the plaster started to fall from the ceiling.
‘Okay, Garnax is dead but we’re trapped inside a flying monument, which even if it holds itself together is going to crash into the ground and explode in about fifteen minutes.’
‘There must be something we can do?’
‘I can think of only two alternatives.’
‘And they are?’
‘Well, firstly we could stay here and wait to get blown to bits.’
‘What’s the second option?’ 
‘We could jump out of the window, smash into the ground and then get blown up by the missile,’ said Broodangle equally unhelpfully.
‘But what about all those millions of people?’ said Cassandra. ‘There must be some way to save them at least.’
‘You’re right,’ said Broodangle. ‘There is something . . . yes, it might just work. Help me get up and I’ll show you.’
Cassandra started to cross the room, but suddenly fell to her knees.
‘My legs, they feel like they’re filled with lead.’
‘It’s the acceleration,’ Broodangle explained. ‘It should ease off in a moment.’
A few seconds later Cassandra was able to stand again and she managed the last few steps to where Broodangle was lying.
‘We need to get upstairs to the belfry,’ he said. ‘That’s where the control systems are.’
Cassandra helped Broodangle up and between them they managed to climb the stairs, narrowly avoiding some falling masonry in the doorway on the next floor.
‘What on earth is that?’ said Cassandra, nodding towards the ominous black cylinder that dominated the centre of the room.
‘That’s the bomb,’ Broodangle replied. ‘They took the main bell out a few months ago and put that in its place. Rigged up a big audio system to replace the sound of the chimes.’
‘Are you going to disarm it?’
‘No, it’s too difficult,’ said Broodangle. ‘It’ll be covered in all kinds of traps and tripwires. Anyway, that wouldn’t stop the impact damage when the missile hit the ground.’
‘So what are we going to do?
‘I’ve got an idea, but I need get to the flight controls first.’
Broodangle directed them to a bank of dials and lights in the corner.
‘What are you doing?’ said Cassandra, watching as he adjusted the controls.
‘I’m altering the trajectory.’
‘Altering the what?’
‘The missile’s direction, so it won’t do any damage when it goes off.’
‘So where will it go instead?’
Broodangle pointed his finger straight up.
‘Into space you mean?’
‘Right.’
‘Oh,’ said Cassandra. ‘So we really are done for then?’
‘Well, I’ve been thinking about that,’ said Broodangle, scratching his beard. ‘Garnax never leaves anything to chance, I’m sure he would have had some kind of escape plan figured out.’
On a hunch, Broodangle suggested they try looking between the arches that faced outward from each side of the bell chamber. 
‘Why you lucky . . . !’ 
Cassandra’s voice was barely audible above the whistling air and the roar from the engines below. Her eyes were filled with tears, but she could still make out the collapsible glider at one end of the narrow ledge.
‘It’ll be touch and go,’ Broodangle shouted back. ‘I’ll put the pack on my back and strap you into the harness underneath, but we’ll have to wait till we’re away from the missile before I can open the wings out.’
‘So there’s a chance then, we still have a chance?’
‘More than a chance topsider – fifty-fifty at least I should say.’


Chapter Seventeen

Clearing Up

Less’n three days it took, with all our best crews working together without rest. Putting the king’s machine back into the earth, then repairing buildings and roads, replacing trees that had been uprooted – and underneath in our world, reconnecting pipes and tunnels. Thus was the will of our new leader. Our glorious topside venture had failed, and for now it seemed, we would have to be content to bide our time and lie low in our burrows.
Gribble the Scribbler

The uprising began almost as soon as the news emerged. A violent explosion from the Doom Speaker’s engines had killed not only the king, but most of his senior officers as well. The result total confusion and a gap in the chain of command. A gap that would soon be filled by the ordinary goblins; welders and riveters, miners and mechanics, accountants, butlers, cooks and lift attendants. Across all the Blood Clan territories they rose up, brandishing hammers, pickaxes, soup ladles, or anything they could lay their hands on. All took to arms and took up the cry, ‘The king is dead, long live the revolution, long live the Dancing Rebel!’
In just a few hours they had seized control centres, taken over transport hubs, broken into weapon stores and had reached the gates of the royal palace itself. 
But such disputes can be dangerous, especially when bordering nations are watching for any sign of weakness. Standing at the window of his tiny office, the former king’s advisor realised that something would have to be done and done fast. He turned from the window and started to dictate a proclamation to the single undersecretary who had remained loyal to him.

~

After a spectacular landing on Wimbledon Common boating lake, Cassandra and Broodangle returned to the Underkingdom and made their way to their old meeting place, just as the rebellion was starting.
‘Cassie!’ said Angelica, almost knocking her sister off her feet with the enthusiasm of her hug. ‘We thought we’d lost you as well. We heard about the missile going off, and, well, I was just so worried that’s all.’
‘Yes, how did you manage to get out of there?’ said Chen.
‘It’s a long story,’ Cassandra replied. ‘Anyway, I was unconscious for most of it so you’ll have to ask Broodangle.’
Cassandra paused for a moment.
‘Hey, what did you mean about us being lost as well?’
‘It’s Plopbottle,’ said Chen solemnly. ‘It looks like he didn’t make it. We searched everywhere and then we heard some goblins talking about an explosion inside the war machine.’
‘But he was only supposed to shut the engines down,’ Broodangle interrupted.
‘I’m sorry, I know he was a mate of yours. Something must have gone wrong I guess.’
It was a few moments before anyone spoke again.
‘I say we fight,’ said Angelica suddenly. ‘Make sure his death wasn’t for nothing.’
‘No, we’ve done our bit,’ said Chen firmly. ‘It’s up to the goblins to finish the job now. And, besides, there’s a whole load of frightened kids who need our help right now.’
Although no one talked about it over the next few hours, it was obvious how much everyone was feeling the loss of their absent comrade. Chen gave the orders as usual, but without his customary jokes and words of encouragement. And the others were quiet also, as they guided the kidnapped children into the canteen and then helped with the construction of barricades across the two entrances.
Then they waited, no one knew quite what for exactly. Chen organised the distribution of food from the kitchens, and every now and then they would hear distant shouts and explosions, or the occasional burst of gunfire. And when they started to grow tired, they took it in turn to stand guard whilst the other children slept.
‘WWWaaahat’s that?’ Angelica yawned.
She had been assigned to the second watch by the south entrance, and for some time now had heard nothing apart from the low drone of several thousand snoring children. Then, just as she was starting to drift off herself, she thought she heard something from the other side of the door.
There it was again, she was sure it was real this time.
‘Hey, who’s there?’ she called out, and just as a precaution she loaded the crossbow that Chen had given her.
‘We need to get through,’ said a muffled voiced. ‘Name’s Klem, we’ve been drafted in from the Northeast Quadrant. Got orders from the new king. The big machine’s stuck on its side in the hole it came out of. We’ve got to put it back and tidy everything away double quick.’
‘The new king – so the orcs won then?’
‘No, no, he’s one of us, a goblin.’
‘What’s going on?’ said Chen slightly breathlessly, having just jogged across from the other side of the room.
‘It sounds like there’s a maintenance crew on the other side,’ said Angelica. ‘And they need to get through.’
‘Look, I don’t have time to stand around talking all day,’ Klem continued. ‘We’ve got a job to do. If you’re not going to open this door then I’ll be sending two of my lads down to the stores with a requisition for a big box of explosives. Now, which is it going be?’
‘Do you think we can trust him?’ said Angelica.
‘Well, I don’t think we’ve really got any choice, do you?’ said Chen.
Angelica agreed reluctantly and went to wake up her sister and Stewie, plus a few of the other children. They dismantled the barriers at either end of the room, and as soon as this was finished, both of the doors were swung open again. Then the work detail started to come through . . . and come, and come. There were goblins carrying tools and repair materials, goblins pushing carts loaded with heavy equipment, goblins driving walking machines, some of which were barely able to get through the doorway.
‘Excuse me,’ said Angelica, stopping a goblin carrying a hod of bricks. ‘But where are we supposed to go?’
‘Uh, I think they’re getting all the topsiders ready to go back in that big market place,’ the goblin replied. ‘But you’ll have to have your memories wiped first, I saw ’em getting one of those brain drain machines ready.’
‘Oh,’ said Angelica. ‘That makes sense I guess.’
‘Ere,’ said the goblin. ‘You ’ent the lot what’s in all them pictures are you?’
‘What are you talking about?’
‘You know, the ones that went up on the notices this morning.’
‘We haven’t seen them,’ said Angelica. ‘We’ve been stuck in here all night.’
‘Hold on, I’ll ask me mate.’
The goblin turned to another one carrying a box of nails
‘Ere Zakk, these ’ent them topsiders that everyone’s been looking for are they?’
‘How should I know,’ Zakk replied. ‘They all look the same to me.’
‘Hey, what’s the big hold up?’ said a voice further back in the line. ‘We’ve got deadlines to meet.’
‘Sorry, we’ve got to go,’ said the first goblin, hurrying on.
‘But you didn’t say what they wanted us for,’ Angelica called out.
‘Isn’t it obvious?’ said Stewie, who had just arrived with Cassandra. ‘Let’s face it. You broke the rules, damaged valuable equipment, and now you’ve got to pay the price.’
‘That equipment, as you call it, was going to kill millions of people,’ said Cassandra hotly.
‘Just ignore him,’ said Angelica ‘He’s only trying to wind us up.’
‘Well it’s working, and if he’s not careful I’ll damage him in a minute.’
‘Hey, calm down you lot,’ said Chen, appearing through the doorway. ‘Look, I found this in the hallway outside.
Chen unrolled a poster and held it up.
‘Hey, they were just been talking about this,’ said Angelica, taking it from him.
‘What does it say?’ said Cassandra.
Angelica read the words printed on the page.
‘Wanted – four topsiders and one goblin – see photos below. If found, bring to royal palace immediately.’
Angelica held the poster up to show the others.
‘How did they get our pictures?’ said Cassandra.
‘They must have taken them during the surveillance period, before we were brought underground,’ Chen replied.
‘Hey, I’m on there as well,’ said Stewie. ‘That’s not fair, I didn’t do anything.’
‘Don’t we know it?’ said Cassandra.
‘Well, I wasn’t in any condition to run around being heroic like you guys, was I?’ he continued.
Cassandra let out a snort of laughter.
‘Look, I told you already, the only reason I put on so much weight was because they forced me to eat,’ said Stewie defensively. 
‘Guys, guys, we’re arguing again,’ said Chen, trying to calm things down. ‘Besides, there’s one thing on the poster you haven’t noticed yet. Can you see the writing just there?’
‘Oh yeah,’ said Angelica holding it a little closer. ‘It’s very small and the print’s a bit smudged, but it looks like . . .  no, I don’t believe it!’
Angelica passed the poster around and everyone studied the subscript at the bottom:

By order of his grooviest majesty King Plopbottle the First.

‘I don’t believe it,’ said Angelica. ‘I mean, is it really him?’
‘I don’t know,’ said Chen, ‘But I found this as well.’
He passed over another official looking notice.
‘In light of the exceptional circum – circumstances . . . here, you’re better at this sort of thing.’
Angelica handed the document to her sister, who then continued, ‘In light of the exceptional circumstances presented to the council, that is, the untimely passing of King Gnarblad and the failure to locate any legitimate successor who is not either dead himself or irretrievably mangled, it has been decided to resolve the matter by the ancient rite of accession by mortal combat. Such laws making provision for the election of a strong leader by the elimination of the maximum number of rival claimants. We thereby concede the throne to one who has more than satisfied these criteria. Also, it is hoped that this may help to appease certain rebellious elements currently at large. As this is a matter of some urgency, we would be grateful if anyone who disagrees with this proclamation could select a suitable appendage – arm, leg or whatever, and force it into the nearest available mechanical grinder. This will greatly speed up the democratic process. Once again we thank you for your cooperation, Chancellor Griswold.’
Everyone was anxious to find out if their friend really had survived, but Chen managed to convince them that they should take the other children to the Big Wheel first. As the goblin mechanic had explained, this was where all the people that had been kidnapped were being prepared for their return to the surface. Arriving in the vast market with their dishevelled schoolmates, and whilst Chen went off to find someone to hand them over to, Angelica and the others witnessed the process at first hand.
An area had been cleared on the very spot where Plopbottle had danced for the first time in front of an audience. In place of Circus Zax there now stood a jumble of apparatus, around which a hundred or so people were seated in narrow booths.
‘Hey look, it’s Mister Williams,’ Stewie pointed out.
Angelica joined Cassandra and her friend beside one of the booths.
‘My name is Charles Ignatius Williams,’ said the teacher slowly. ‘For the last three months I have been working at Norbury Park Comprehensive and then during the summer break my wife and I holidayed as usual in Bognor Regis. Nothing strange or in any way out of the ordinary happened to me during this time.’
‘He must be repeating words coming from those headphones,’ said Cassandra.
‘Hey, watch this,’ said Stewie.
Stewie pressed a button on the side of the booth and then whispered into a microphone.
‘I am a custard sandwich,’ said Mr Williams.
‘Cool! Let me have a go,’ said Angelica, grabbing the microphone.
‘During assembly I wear ladies underwear under my clothes.’
The microphone passed back and forth.
‘With jelly in them.’
‘And pickled onions.’
Someone took the microphone from Angelica’s hand.
‘I’ll have that if you don’t mind.’
A tall, smartly dressed man reset the controls on the booth, and Mr William’s continued as before.
‘This is my father,’ said Chen. ‘He’s here on a Department G joint operation with the goblins.’
‘So you must be our young heroes,’ said Chen’s father.
‘Oh, it was nothing really,’ said Stewie adopting the air of a modest hero. ‘We just did what anyone would have done in the same situation.’
Cassandra scowled at Stewie.
‘Where do you want this one boss?’
Another man had arrived with a rather confused looking traffic warden.
‘Oh, any of these ones should do,’ said Chen’s father, gesturing to some empty booths nearby.
The man guided the traffic warden into the nearest one, fitted him with a pair of headphones and then pushed a tape cartridge into a slot on the side of the booth.
A series of lights flashed in the traffic warden’s face. 
‘My name is Arthur Higgins,’ he said slowly. ‘On Friday the fifteenth of August I went to work as usual. I wrote out forty-three parking tickets and had an argument with an irate taxi driver. I definitely did not see central London flying through the air.’
‘As you can see, the goblins aren’t the only ones who want to put this incident behind them,’ said Chen’s father. ‘Luckily, we managed to stop the news reports from getting out, so now we just have to deal with the eye witnesses.’
‘Cool,’ said Stewie. ‘So it’s going to be a government cover up, like in that TV program – The Z-Folders.’
‘If you like,’ said Chen’s father coolly. ‘But I must warn you, if you breathe a word of this to anyone, you’ll be down here for the same treatment before you’ve got time to blink.’
‘But I thought we were going to be brainwashed, or whatever, like the others,’ said Angelica.
‘Oh no,’ said Chen’s father. ‘The new king was most insistent that your memories should remain intact. We said that this would be acceptable, provided that you could be trusted to keep your mouths shut. Anyway, we thought it might be good to have a few operatives with direct access to the king. You’ll have to sign the official secrets act of course.’
‘Does this mean we’re going to be secret agents?’ said Stewie.
‘You will be officially recognised as members of the department, so I suppose what you’re saying is technically correct,’ said Chen’s father.
‘Double cool,’ Stewie exclaimed.
‘Now if you’ll excuse me, there’s still a lot of work to do. One of my team will contact you shortly to arrange some discreet training and orientation sessions.’
‘Just one more question,’ said Stewie.
‘What is it?’ Chen’s father replied wearily.
‘Do secret agents get a special dinner allowance?’

~

‘Look, look,’ said Stewie excitedly. ‘You see that dome over there, that’s where we were staying. And the one right next to it, that’s the dining hall.’
They were riding on the monorail that had transported Stewie and the others in his group to the royal palace on their first day underground.
‘I thought you said it was the worst experience of your life,’ said Angelica. ‘And that they tortured you day and night with that eat-a-ma-tron thingy.’
‘Well, it wasn’t all bad,’ Stewie conceded. ‘The grub was pretty good to start with until – well, you know, until it all got a bit out of hand.’
Angelica laughed.
‘What’s so funny?’ said Stewie, sounding slightly hurt.
‘It’s nothing really, I just never thought I’d see the day when you’d had too much to eat,’ Angelica replied, and then added with a tone of mock concern, ‘Hey, you don’t think, I mean, the effect won’t be permanent will it?’
‘Oh, don’t worry, I’m cured now,’ said Stewie, not realising that Angelica was being sarcastic. ‘Some of the other kids weren’t feeling hungry so I had their burgers as well last night. Which reminds me, we didn’t get any breakfast – do you think there’ll be food at this royal whatsit we’re going to?’
‘We’re nearly there,’ Chen interrupted. ‘And it looks like we’ve got company.’
‘It’s Dirk and Digby,’ said Angelica, looking down at the plaza with the statue of the old king in it. ‘I was wondering when we were going to bump into them again.’
‘And they’re armed as well – neural whips by the look of it!’ Cassandra observed.
‘Did anyone remember to bring our weapons?’ said Angelica.
‘Sorry,’ said Chen. ‘It looked like all the fighting was over, I just didn’t think we’d need them.’
Looks of concern were exchanged, and Angelica started to pace the floor as the monorail car made its final descent into the plaza. Then they stopped and the doors parted automatically.
‘Well, well,’ said Dirk. ‘Look at you lot all dressed up.’
The royal tailors had given them each a new set of clothes in preparation for the function in the palace.
‘Give it up Dirk,’ said Angelica, stepping out onto the plaza. ‘The battle’s over – your side lost.’
‘It isn’t over until I say so,’ said Dirk taking out his neural whip.
‘Damn, the stupid power pack isn’t working again,’ he added, banging the side of it with his hand.
‘So I guess we’ll be doing this the old fashioned way then,’ said Angelica, rolling up her sleeves.
‘No I don’t think so. This time it’s going to be settled my way,’ said Dirk, drawing a small blunderbuss pistol from his tunic.
‘You wouldn’t really use that would you Dirk?’ said Digby, speaking up.
‘I’m not going to be beaten by a girl,’ said Dirk angrily. ‘It’s like Dad always said, you can’t let them get the upper hand.’
Dirk cocked the pistol, raised it into a firing position and aimed it directly at Angelica.
‘You’ve had this coming for so long,’ he said.
Dirk’s finger closed around the trigger. At the same time, Chen made a grab for Angelica and turned his body to shield her from the blast. A sharp crack followed and a flash of light.
‘What did you do that for?’ said Dirk, rubbing his wrist.
Digby had managed to power up his whip and was now standing with several strands of crackling orange light dangling from his right hand.
‘Our dad was a bully just like you,’ said Digby. ‘We’ve been so much better off since he left us with Mum.’
Dirk tried to pick up the gun that had fallen at his feet, but before he could reach it Digby lashed out with the whip once again and sent it spinning across the floor.
‘No Dirk, this stops here,’ said Digby firmly.
‘You go on,’ he added turning to Angelica and the others. ‘Enjoy your party. I can take care of my little brother.’
‘Little brother?’ said Angelica. ‘But we thought you were the younger one.’
‘No,’ said Digby. ‘Dirk was born a full seventeen minutes after me. It’s funny really – he’s had a bit of a thing about it ever since.’

~

‘Wow, okay, this is all very . . . ’
Angelica struggled to finish her sentence.
‘Groovy?’ Chen suggested.
‘Right,’ said Angelica. ‘And let’s face it – he must have survived. I mean, who else could come up with a décor like this?’
And it was then that they saw Plopbottle.
‘Oh, P-Ploppy so glad you like it,’ said Plopbottle circling around them on his Silver Lightning roller-boots, which was one of the five items he had managed to rescue from his old hideout. The others being his Disco Night Fever DVD and Soundtrack LP, the Lords of Disco bubblegum card set and the authentic 1970’s glitter ball now hanging from the ceiling.
‘You do l-like it don’t you?’
‘Yes Ploppy, it’s very . . . colourful,’ said Angelica, squinting slightly as she tried to focus on the psychedelic wallpaper.
‘Good, good – old state rooms full of n-nasty stuff and horrid pictures showing orcs doing horrid, n-nasty things,’ Plopbottle continued.
‘Well you certainly couldn’t say there was even a single inch of orc influence left in this room,’ said Chen. ‘I mean, the under-floor lighting, the spinning spotlights, the wallpaper, it’s . . . ’
‘A disco bonanza,’ suggested Angelica, borrowing from the only Johnny Marino title she knew.
‘That’s right, a d-disco bonanza, that’s it exactly,’ said Plopbottle. ‘P-Please excuse P-Ploppy, he must go and put song on right now.’
Plopbottle skated away in the direction of the DJ booth in the corner.
‘He’s still stuttering then,’ Angelica observed as soon as Plopbottle was out of earshot.
‘Yes, but I think it’s more from excitement now than nervousness.’
‘Do you think he knows what he’s letting himself in for with this king business?’
‘No, probably not,’ said Chen, with a wry smile.
Angelica looked around the room. Her sister was talking enthusiastically to a goblin in state robes, and it looked like Stewie had challenged group of trolls to an eating competition.
‘They look happy, don’t you think? And everything worked out for the best really. I mean, we did the right thing didn’t we?’
Chen didn’t reply. Angelica turned towards him and noticed that he was staring at her with a slightly distant look in his eyes.
‘Sorry, I was miles away,’ he said a little awkwardly.
Angelica’s cheeks started to flush and both of them looked away again.
‘You know, that was a really brave thing you did,’ she said. ‘I mean, jumping in front of me when Dirk was about to fire that gun.’
‘It was nothing, really,’ said Chen modestly.
‘But you were ready to die for me – I won’t forget that.’
‘There’s something else as well,’ Angelica continued. ‘Something I’ve been meaning to say, something I wanted to tell you ever since we first met. Chen I . . . ’
But Angelica’s words were drowned out by the thumping baseline of the Johnny Marino hit.
‘I think I know what you’re trying to say,’ Chen shouted in her ear. ‘You see, I feel the same way about you.’
Angelica turned back again and this time met his cool blue-grey eyes without flinching.
‘Why don’t we dance,’ Chen called out.
‘What, to this rubbish?’
Ignoring Angelica’s protest, Chen took her by the hand and led her out onto the dance floor. And suddenly Plopbottle’s taste in music didn’t seem quite so bad after all. Angelica nestled her head onto Chen’s shoulder and neither of them noticed when everyone else started to cheer. Nuglugg had just brought Norrin back from the infirmary, and both of them were in the DJ booth with Plopbottle.
‘It’s so great to have you both b-back,’ said Plopbottle over the sound system. ‘Is there anything you want to say to our g-guests?’
Nuglugg took the microphone.
‘Bzzzzzt, I need a number four spanner, would you pass me one please,’ he said jubilantly, and the cheering started once again.

Epilogue

In half an hour Angelica had managed to unearth a small patch of carpet between the alpine mounds of dirty washing and general debris littering her bedroom floor.
‘Hmm, it’s a start I suppose,’ she said.
Then a sudden avalanche of pizza boxes completely refilled the gap.
‘Well, it was time for a break anyway.’
She sat down on the bed.
‘And maybe a quick nap,’ she added, running her fingers over the soft eiderdown. ‘Just five minutes then I’ll carry on.’
But as she slumped back onto the quilt, her foot made contact with something on the floor.

RAAAAAA-BZZZT-BZZZZZZZZZT-GGGRRR-BZZZT…!

‘You haven’t been down there all this time have you?’
She rescued her dinosaur alarm clock and set it down on the bedside table.
‘There,’ she said, straightening the tyrannosaurus’s head. ‘Is that better?’
The plastic T-Rex gestured with its single remaining claw then let a final angry buzz.
‘I promise I won’t beat you up any more. In fact, you’re going to see a whole new me from now on – up and away on time with clean clothes, and hair washed and combed. Chen likes it better like this, and to be honest,’ she whispered, ‘I think I was staring to smell a bit.’
Angelica made her way downstairs, carrying a bin bag filled with the rubbish she had managed to collect so far. She stopped at the bottom of the stairs – a message had arrived on her phone. She flipped it open and scanned the text, although The Zombie Chainsaw love anthem “You struck my heart like a nine inch nail gun on overdrive” had already told her who it was from:

Got the tickets - front row. UR so cute - luv U 2 bits C

She typed in a reply and pressed the send button:

No way! Those R sooo rare. Sat is going 2b CRZY! Our first real d8 or what? Luv u2 A ;)

Angelica passed through into the kitchen, where Cassandra and two other familiar figures had been waiting for her.
‘Hey Ange, how’s it going?’ said the man as she entered the room.
‘Oh, morning . . . ah, Dad,’ she said hesitantly. 
‘Would you like some brunch darling?’ said the woman. ‘There’s pizza in the oven and I made some waffles as well, just the way you like them.’
‘No, I’ll just have some coffee thanks.’
She poured herself a cup from the coffee maker then joined her sister at the kitchen table.
‘When are we going to get our real mum and dad back?’ said Cassandra tersely. ‘You were meant to be sorting it out last week.’
‘Okay, you’re probably right,’ said Angelica. ‘I’ll give Chen’s dad a call in a minute.’
Then she caught a whiff of hot maple syrup.
‘On the other hand, though,’ she said, taking a waffle from a huge pile on the table.
‘Mmm, you have got to try one of these – they are so good.’
Cassandra cut off a small piece with her breakfast spoon and tasted it.
‘Wow, you’re right!’
Cassandra’s eyes widened.
‘No, no,’ Cassandra added. ‘They’ve got to go back – everyone else’s parents have been returned already.’
‘Couldn’t we keep them just for a couple more days?’ said Angelica.
The neckline of the Mr Klamp infiltrator hissed momentarily and the head of a goblin pilot emerged.
‘Oh, go on,’ said the pilot. ‘It’s so much more interesting than standby duties.’
Cassandra took another spoonful of waffle.
‘Oh, all right,’ she conceded. ‘Just two more days and that’s all.’

~

Mister Wilson crept warily through the grass. There was something not quite right about the intruder, something unnatural. It certainly looked like the real thing, sitting there cleaning its paws and looking for all the world like it owned the place. In fact, if anything, there was something almost too familiar about it.
It wasn’t until he got a little closer that he realised what it was that bothered him so much – his rival had no scent.
Mister Wilson was confused. At this point he would usually be making one of two simple choices, depending on the intruder’s hormonal characteristics. Firstly, if he detected the scent of another male cat he would attack immediately. Or, in the case of an invading female, he preferred to strut up and down a bit first howling and hissing, then also attack. 
There was a noise. Mister Wilson withdrew into the bushes. No, it was all right, it was just one of the others. Not the ones who fed him, but the one who pushes flat objects through the entrance to their den.
As soon as he had passed, Mister Wilson returned his attention to the matter in hand. He had spent more days and nights than he could have counted (assuming he’d had the ability to do so), fighting his way back home. He wasn’t going to allow some stranger, no matter how odourless, to stop him now.
He crept forwards a couple of paces, lifted up his hindquarters and then launched himself at his duplicate’s unprotected flank.

History of King William Street, and other abandoned stations and tunnels

Opened in 1890, King William Street Station was the original city terminus for the world’s first electrified underground railway. However, within a year of its inauguration the station had been bypassed and boarded up. A sharp turn to the east as the line passed under the Thames had made extension at this point impractical when the City and South London railway  (now part of the Northern Line) was continued northwards. The station can still be accessed today via a manhole in the basement of Regis House, which sits on the site of the original station office. King William Street also served as an air-raid shelter during the blitz in World War II.
There are a number of other abandoned stations on the London Underground network, and many miles of half-forgotten tunnels and passageways also lay hidden beneath the city. Numerous rivers, including the Fleet and the Tyburn, once flowed on the surface but are now entombed in Victorian brickwork, and thought to be one of the earliest examples of an underground tube railway, Tower Subway now only serves as a conduit for mains water and telecommunications.
Fact and myth are often intertwined, however. Following the closure of the British Museum tube station in 1933, a newspaper offered a reward for anyone willing to spend the night there – it was believed to be haunted by mummified remains of a Pharoh, recently escaped from one of its ancient Egypt exhibits. There are rumours also of escape tunnels leading from Buckingham Palace and 10 Downing Street, and a secret nuclear bunker under the Ministry of Defence. All stories of goblin sightings in or beneath the city are still officially denied.
