
MIND MODS
Copyright 2011 by Author’s Art books 
All rights reserved. Except for use in any review, the reproduction or utilization of this work in whole or in part in any form by any electronic, mechanical or other means, now known or hereafter invented, including photocopying, recording, xerography or in any information storage or retrieval system, is forbidden without the written permission of the author, Janean Worth and the publisher, Author’s Art, www.authorsart.com
Mind Mods
By Janean Worth


Prologue
Brian suddenly realized that his brain felt strange, as if tiny shards of glass were being forced slowly through it.  He felt a prickly sensation at the base of his skull, inside the flesh and bone, and it was becoming increasingly hard to think.   Random memories flew through his mind; the time he’d puked in Math class in sixth grade, baking chocolate chip cookies with his grandmother right before his fifth birthday party, sorrow when his dog had gotten killed by a passing car when he was eight.  These random memories were followed by a strange desire to do his homework and clean his bedroom.
His brain started to feel as if it was made of fire inside his skull and he could not focus on any one thought.  They seemed to jumble up and flow through his brain before he could grasp them and hold on to them, like a kaleidoscope of thoughts and memories.
He groaned and shook his head to clear it, but it didn’t help.  He needed something.  But what was it?  A drink of water? An orange sock? A puppy? Or was it help?  He didn’t know what it was that he needed, his brain was a turbulent mess of thoughts, but he did know that he had to get to class.  And he couldn’t be late.  That would be breaking the rules.  For some strange reason, breaking the rules now seemed like a fate worse than death.  He’d never had any trouble breaking the rules before.
Staggering, he stumbled out of the teacher’s office and out into the milling students passing in the hallway.

***
“Can you imagine what it will be like? The school will be a Utopia!”  Mrs. Mewt grinned as she watched Brian stagger out of her office, her eyes crinkling in delight under her thick, black-rimmed glasses.  She pulled the microscope she’d been using closer and adjusted the slide she’d been viewing before Brian’s visit.
Mr. Awphel nodded, “It will at that.  We might even see test scores rise.”
“Certainly, certainly. I’ve included the modification to enhance their studiousness.”  She peered back into the microscope.  “They are surprisingly beautiful, aren’t they?”
Mr. Awphel straightened his bow tie and bent to peer into his own microscope, looking carefully at the wriggling mass under the high-powered lens.  Beautiful wasn’t the word he would have used.  Brilliant?  Definitely.  But beautiful?  Not exactly. He supposed in an odd way they could be considered beautiful, though.  The changes they would create in the students certainly would be a beautiful thing.
“They are indeed something glorious,” he murmured in ascent, still staring in wonder at their creation.  
He’d always thought both of them to be of superior intelligence.  And now they had both proven it.  Their creation could only have come from the most intelligent of minds.  Still, there were times that he had doubted the realization of their success.  But, with the new instruments and Honors Class labs purchased by the medical technology grant which had come from their benefactor, their success had become a reality.  Their benefactor would be so impressed when he learned they’d started Phase One.
It was really too bad that their first triumph had to be wasted on the sluggish minds of teenagers, but such was the price of scientific gain. He still felt that it was odd that their benefactor had insisted that their prototype be tested only on teen minds.  It didn’t really matter that much to Mr. Awphel, as long as his benefactor continued to pay for their instruments and supplies, but it was odd.  He wasn’t going to argue with their benefactor, though, especially after the man had been so very generous.
And once the test subjects completed Phase One, then he and Mrs. Mewt could create their final masterpiece and show it to the world for all to see.  This first trial conducted on the teenagers was necessary in order to put the finishing touches on their creation. And the effects would be wondrous indeed.  
He smiled widely at the thought of a classroom full of students who would be under his control, students who would relish learning as much as he did and actually appreciate his teachings. 
“Just think, students who will follow the rules for once!” Mrs. Mewt sighed as if the thought was pure bliss.
“Have you thought of a delivery method?” he asked her.
“I have the perfect delivery method.   I developed it myself just last night.”  She crossed the room to her desk and returned with a large clear canister full of sticky, opalescent liquid.  “The students will love the new candy we’ve made for them.”
He couldn’t contain his chuckle, “You’re a clever one, aren't you?  That’s perfect!”




Chapter One
The phone in her pocket buzzed, signaling that she’d received the text message she’d been waiting on.  Julie winced, hoping Mrs. Mewt hadn't heard the sound of it vibrate.  No such luck.  Mrs. Mewt swung her sharp-eyed gaze towards where Julie sat in the middle of the classroom.
"Did someone forget to turn off their cell phone today?" she asked the class, a touch of sarcasm in her voice.
Julie remained silent, hoping no one would point in her direction and that her phone would not buzz again.  She had meant to put it on silent before she’d entered her Honors Science class, but she’d been so preoccupied by the text message that she’d gotten from Marcia that she had completely spaced it off.  And when she’d rushed into class, the bell had rung, so she’d had no time to turn the phone to silent.
Too late to do anything about it now, at least not while Mrs. Mewt was staring around the room like that, looking for the culprit so she could take their phone for the infraction of forgetting to turn it off in her class.  Julie only hoped that Marcia would stop at one text, and not send her a series, as was her habit.  If her phone buzzed again, she knew that she would not go undetected.  Mrs. Mewt was a stickler for rules.  No one broke the rules in her class without suffering the consequences.  Ever.
Mercifully, Marcia didn’t send another text message, and Julie’s phone stayed quiet.  After a moment more of giving the class the evil-eye, Mrs. Mewt continued with her lecture. Julie tried to pay attention to the lecture, but the drone of Mrs. Mewt's voice lulled her into a state of semi-consciousness faster than a sedative, and her thoughts quickly turned to her last text from Marcia.
Marcia had texted the ominous sounding message just before the last class of the day started: gotta meet u...urgent...after school.  Julie had, of course, sent a text back immediately, but she hadn’t gotten a reply quickly. The buzz from her pocket had meant that Marcia had responded.  Julie wished for a moment that she had the courage to risk pulling out her phone and looking at the text as Mrs. Mewt lectured, but she knew she wouldn’t risk it.  It would take forever to get her phone back from Mrs. Mewt if she were caught.  
Last week, Nathaniel, the guy who sat in the row of hard-backed plastic student desks right next to hers, had forgotten to turn his phone off during class.  When his phone rang in class and startled Mrs. Mewt while she was busy grading papers as the class was taking a test, she’d marched right over to him, demanded the offending phone and refused to give it back after he’d handed it over.  Nathaniel had been required to bring in a signed note from both of his parents - no small feat since his parents were divorced and his dad lived out of state - plus a signed note from his principal before Mrs. Mewt would return the cell phone.
It had taken Nathaniel a week to get his phone back. Julie knew she couldn’t live for a whole week without her phone. It was her connection to the world. Without it, she felt cut off.    And she wasn’t going to risk giving it up to Mrs. Mewt.  Still, her fingers itched to check the message.  She wondered what Marcia felt was so urgent and if it had anything to do with Amy.
Knowing Marcia, it was probably something trivial, such as the color of the t-shirts they’d decided to order for the fund-raising community car wash that Marcia had planned for next weekend.  The thing was, Julie couldn’t be sure that it was trivial, and the text had been uncharacteristic of Marcia, which made Julie even more anxious to read it.
Marcia was Julie’s only chatty friend.  She was the bubbly blond whom everyone loved.  The complete opposite of Julie. Julie had a hard time holding a lengthy conversation about nothing with anyone.  Marcia could talk for hours about nothing to everyone.
Marcia was different than most of the gossipy girls at school, the ones that Julie avoided like the plague.  Marcia always had something good to say about everyone.  Nothing that went on at school escaped Marcia’s attention, yet when she told people all the juicy gossip, she made sure that it was all good. She didn’t gossip to cause trouble. Nor did she gossip to get the dirt on people to use against them later.  In fact, Marcia’s mission in life seemed to go around building people up and spreading the love.   It was something that Julie had never understood about her friend, and one of the things that had first made Julie discount Marcia as being totally fake when they’d first met.
Julie could remember how she’d thought that no one was that cheerful and that good all of the time.  No one.  But she had been wrong, and now Marcia was her best friend.  Which made the urgent text all the more disturbing.   Marcia never had emergencies.  Marcia didn’t do “urgent”.
Julie bit her thumbnail and hoped that the "urgent" message didn’t mean that something bad had happened. Julie lived in fear of bad things happening.  Too many bad things had happened her, she supposed.  But she didn’t want to dwell on that right now.
The drone of Mrs. Mewt’s voice paused, getting Julie’s attention just in time to field a question.
"Julie, can you tell me an example of gene therapy?" Mrs. Mewt asked, and for a moment Julie was stumped as she mentally rejoined the class discussion.  
“Um..,” Julie racked her brain for a moment, thankful for her almost perfect photographic memory.  It took a second, but she remembered something that she’d read on the subject just the night before.  “How about gene augmentation by increasing the number of copies of the gene or by providing a higher level of expression of the introduced gene?”
Even though the answer was correct, Mrs. Mewt continued to frown at her, knowing that she’d not been paying attention.  “That’s correct, Julie.”
Julie smiled at her teacher, grateful that her photographic recall had gotten her out of yet another scrape, hoping that she looked apologetic, rather than smug.   Mrs. Mewt didn’t like smug.  And Julie didn’t want to be on Mrs. Mewt’s bad side, even if her mind did wander during the teacher’s interminably long lectures.  Mrs. Mewt taught Honors Biology at the “special” school that Julie attended, which was a sister class to the brand new Honors Medical Technology class that Julie was also taking.   Both were considered college level classes, and Julie would receive college credits for passing each.  And, the grades would count toward her GPA, which she needed to keep at her perfect 4.0 in order to earn the scholarships that she hoped to garner.
It hadn’t been easy getting into the Regent High School for the Gifted.  Only her photographic memory and excellent academic record had qualified her.  And it was even harder keeping the 4.0 GPA, but it would be all worth it.
It was all a part of her plan to graduate and move on to Cornell and study in the medical technology field - and like it or not, Mrs. Mewt was a part of her plan.  So, she had to stay on Mrs. Mewt’s good side.  If not, Mrs. Mewt might become a roadblock to her future, and she couldn’t have that. She was counting on being able to escape to Cornell.  Without that escape, she felt like she had no hope.  She knew she couldn’t keep on living the way that she had been for very much longer.  
Mrs. Mewt continued on with the lecture, all of which Julie had already read and committed to memory the night before, and Julie’s thoughts strayed once more to Marcia.  What could be so urgent?  Julie glanced at the clock displayed prominently on the classroom wall.   Only ten minutes of class left, and then she’d be able to check her texts and see what Marcia was so upset about.  
She tried to reassure herself that it couldn’t be anything too serious.  Marcia didn’t really have serious problems.  Not like Julie herself did, anyway.  To Julie, a serious problem was going home to find her mother high again, her step-dad still out of town and her younger sister hiding in her room, afraid to come out to get anything to eat because the thought of setting off her mother’s temper was too much to bear.  No, Marcia didn’t usually have problems like that, and perhaps that’s one of the things Julie liked about Marcia.  There was rarely any serious, life-altering drama in her friend’s life.  All of Marcia’s problems seemed very easy to solve.
The drone of Mrs. Mewt’s lecture halted again, and Julie focused on getting ready to leave the classroom.   
“Class, one more thing.  Mr. Awphel and I have collaborated to create what we think is something you’ll really enjoy: a new type of candy.  We worked late in the lab last week, creating a sample pack for each of our students.  The candy is something we’ve named ‘Bio Mimic’.  Once you place it on your tongue, it reacts with your body chemistry and automatically creates a taste that is something that will be especially pleasing to those who are ingesting it.  It never tastes the same for any person.  It is a wonderful experiment.  I hope you’ll all enjoy it.  I have the packs here on my desk.  Please pick up one on the way out. And class, there will be a mandatory paper due on the taste experience by each student.  The paper is due next Friday, so you have an entire week to complete it.”
Mumbling broke out across the classroom.  No one seemed happy to be obligated to act as a lab rat for Mrs. Mewt and Mr. Awphel, even if it was just to taste a new type of candy.
Julie reluctantly joined the line that filed past Mrs. Mewt’s desk to pick up a sample pack.  The one she grabbed was bound up in fuchsia cellophane and tied closed with a chartreuse ribbon - at least Mrs. Mewt had made them look attractive.  The little pellets of candy inside were a rainbow of pale pastel colors themselves, and almost looked like colored pearls with a strange opalescent shine of silver to them.
Julie stuffed the pack of Bio Mimic into her backpack, resigned to tasting it later.  If Mrs. Mewt hadn’t made them accountable for a paper and a grade, she wouldn’t have bothered. But since Mrs. Mewt had, there wasn’t much Julie could do about it.   She recalled the papers that she’d had to talk her mother into signing when Julie had enrolled at RHSG, the ones that had given parental permission for their students to participate in the Science program’s experiments.  Julie was sure the other students’ parents had signed them too –otherwise they wouldn’t be in the class.  There was going to be no getting out of eating the Bio Mimic.  Not at all if she wanted to keep her grade up, and she very much did.
Julie decided that she’d wait until a few of her classmates had tried Bio Mimic first and see just what kind of experience she was in for.  Since hers was the last class of the day, maybe some of the students who’d had Mrs. Mewt or Mr. Awphel earlier would have tried them by now and be able to give an opinion.  That way, she’d be forewarned if the experience of tasting the new candy turned out to be unpleasant.
As soon as Julie cleared the doorway, she forgot about the candy and pulled her phone from her pocket, eager to see what Marcia’s text said.
Need 2 talk. Important. Meet at ur car.  Marcia’s second text wasn’t any more enlightening than her first.  With a sigh, Julie headed out of the school towards her car without even stopping at her locker.
Chapter Two
Derek chewed another bite of the greasy school cafeteria food, wondering why he’d allowed his grumbling stomach to force him into coming to the lunchroom at all. He hated the crowded cliquish atmosphere.  And the reheated food wasn’t all that appetizing. He probably would have been better off getting his lunch from a vending machine - again.
The small, round table he sat at was completely empty until Sharon Walker plopped her tray down and pointed to the empty seat next to him.
“This seat taken?” she asked, her squeaky falsetto voice grating on Derek’s nerves.
Derek stifled a sigh.  It was obvious the seat wasn’t taken.  He’d chosen the table because all of the seats were empty.  He liked sitting at an empty table, and had found that if he pasted a scowl on his face while eating, the chairs around his usually stayed empty.  Just the way he liked it.  He may be a whiz at Math, but no one had ever said that he was good at socializing.
He must need to work on his scowl, because it hadn’t stopped Sharon from approaching him.  Although, from what he’d seen, not much stopped Sharon when she wanted to do something and apparently, today she wanted to sit with him.
He grunted in response to her question, hoping she’d get the hint and leave.
In true Sharon style, she sat anyway, either pretending not to get the message or truly having no clue that he wanted to be alone.  He was never quite sure which one it was with Sharon.  She could pretend with the best of them, but she could also be seriously clueless.
She’d dated his friend Colin for a while, and Derek had disliked the way she hung all over the other guys on the football team even while she’d been dating his friend.  He also disliked her extremely self-centered mentality.  To Sharon, only Sharon mattered.  
“Why do you always sit alone, Derek?”
So she had noticed.   He grunted noncommittally again, trying to discourage her conversation.  He should have known it wouldn’t help.
“You know, you could have any girl you wanted sitting here with you if you’d just ask one out.  All my friends think you’re hot.  I do too.  So, there’s no reason to sit here all alone just because Colin and his group all have a different lunch period than you do.  You don’t have to be alone.”
He only wanted one girl sitting with him at lunch, and it wasn’t Sharon or any of her friends.
She scooted a little closer and he felt her knee nudge his under the table.
Great, he’d have to be blunt after all.  He sighed, wishing he could avoid the coming scene, but there seemed to be no way out of it.
“Sharon, I’m alone because I want to be.  I don’t need to have friends with me all the time, so it’s okay that Colin has a different lunch period.   I see him plenty after school. And, if I wanted you, or one of your friends, to sit here with me, I know all I have to do is ask.  But, I haven’t asked, have I?” He pulled his gaze from the plate of food in front of him in order to meet her eyes as he said the last few words, just for added emphasis.
Her mouth gaped open and her cheeks flooded with color, “Well, I...  You... I mean, you don’t have to...”  She growled in frustration, probably because of her rare bout with speechlessness, and rose from the table.  Grabbing her tray, she stalked off to find another table without another word in his direction.
“Dude!  Way to put Sharon in her place!” a voice said from next to the table.
Derek hadn’t realized he’d had an audience.   A boy with slightly greasy brown hair, pimply skin and an awkward stance stood next to the table, his grin so wide that Derek could see that his teeth were covered in braces.  
The boy promptly pulled out a chair and sat across the table from Derek.
Derek stifled a groan. Didn’t people understand someone wanting a little alone time?
The boy pulled a pack of cellophane wrapped candy out of his hoodie pocket and began to unwrap its bright blue ribbon.  “I mean, that was so totally awesome!  Like justice, y’know?  Sharon is always doing that to other people, and seeing someone give her a brush off like that was like... justice, y’know?”
Derek grunted again and pasted the don’t-bother-me scowl back on his face, but the boy didn’t seem to notice.  
The kid grabbed one of the pearly candies and popped it in his mouth.  Immediately, his eyes widened in surprise. 
Derek thought he might spit the candy back out on the lunchroom table.
“Dude!” the kid said.  “This candy is awesome!  I’ve never tasted anything so good!”
“Happy for you,” Derek muttered.
“No, no, I mean, really!” The boy chewed with gusto now, rolling his eyes in pleasure, then repeating, “Dude!”
Derek took a bite of his own unappetizing lunch fare as the boy slurped, sucked and groaned again.  The kid’s abundant enjoyment was seriously disturbing.
“Want one?” the boy held out the cellophane package to him.  “You’ve never tasted anything like this!  Mr. Awphel said they were awesome, but I didn’t believe him.  They’re gonna make a fortune on this candy if they make more and sell it!”
“No thanks,” Derek shook his head.  The kid was just plain weird.  Beside, he had his own pack of strange candy from Mr. Awphel in his backpack.  He just hadn’t tried it yet.
“Suit yourself,” the kid said, popping another candy in his mouth.
Derek stifled another groan, wondering if he should just call lunch a loss, leave the table, toss his full plate of food and ditch the lunchroom.  It was obvious he wasn’t going to get any peace at lunch today.
The kid across from him gave another moan, louder and longer than the last.  Derek couldn’t help himself, he looked at the kid, amazed at the sounds a simple piece of candy could pry out of the boy.  And then wished he hadn’t.
The boy’s head was thrown back, lips slack, eyes rolled back in his head.  Derek noticed that he’s started to drool a little, too.  
“Hey, man, you ok?”  Derek didn’t really want to ask, but he couldn’t just sit there and let the kid have a seizure or something without trying to help.
At the sound of his voice, the kid seemed to snap out of it.  Derek almost sighed in relief.  He didn’t have to worry about calling an ambulance.
The kid sat up straighter, took another candy, popped it in his mouth and just stared at Derek for a second, looking like he was lost in thought. “Hey, dude, is there anything I can do for you?  Like, do you need help with anything?  Maybe I could get you another lunch - on me, I’m totally buying - or help you with homework or, I don’t know... Something?”
Startled, Derek shook his head.  “No thanks.”
The boy beamed at him and stood, tidying up his greasy hair and tucking his hoodie into his baggy pants as if trying to make himself look a bit neater. Derek could have told him the effect was ridiculous if he’d asked.  Who tucked in a hoodie?
“Ok, well, if you change your mind and need help with anything, just let me know.  I think I’ll go see if they need help with the dishes or taking out the trash or something.  I mean, this is the lunchroom, surely they have something they need help with?  Oh, and hey man, you should apologize to Sharon.  It looked like you really got her good earlier.  She might have hurt feelings.”






Chapter Three
“What’s so urgent, Marcia?” Julie asked as she hurried toward her beat up Ford Escort in the parking lot, dodging other students as she went.
Marcia was leaning against the dark blue Escort, texting madly on her phone.  She looked up as Julie approached, then snapped the phone case closed and stuffed it in her pocket.
“Something is seriously wrong with people at school today.  They’re all acting weird.  And Amy skipped the last three classes of the day again. You said you wanted to know if that happened.”
Julie sighed, a heavy feeling invading her chest.  This was the third time this month that Amy had skipped classes.  Julie feared that if she couldn’t get Amy to stop cutting classes, sooner or later she’d be turned in by the school officials for truancy.
“Thanks for letting me know, Marcia.”
“Sure, what are friends for?” Marcia’s voice was upbeat and cheerful as usual, but it seemed forced.  Julie could see the concern in her friend’s eyes.
"You won't believe the things that have been happening today," Marcia announced, obviously trying to take Julie’s mind of off her sister’s wayward ways.
"Yes, I would," Julie said, sighing. She could believe anything anyone did.  There wasn’t much that people did that could surprise her anymore.
"No, you won't, you really won't," Marcia flashed a grin before launching into her story. Marcia loved a good story.   "Samantha Norton walked right up to the custodian in the hallway and asked to help mop the floor and clean the restroom!  The restroom! Can you believe that?  And John Symanti told Mr. Awphel that he'd be happy to clean out the snake cage after school!  John is terrified of that snake!  And you know Mr. Awphel, the old guy grumbled and muttered something like 'about time'.  I think Mr. Awphel means well, you know?  He always has such interesting things that he shares in class. But, really though, I can't believe it.  The students are finally starting to understand that people just need to help each other out.  Isn't that wonderful?"
Julie couldn't help it, despite her troubled thoughts about Amy, she smiled back at Marcia.  How could her friend remain so constantly upbeat?   Didn't she see the bad in the world?   And that everything wasn't roses and sunshine all of the time?   Marcia even tried to find good in Mr. Awphel who was, well - just awful!  "Yeah, wonderful, I wish that my family believed that."
Marcia's smile immediately dimmed a little and she patted Julie's arm before opening the passenger door to the Escort, "I'm sorry, Jules, I wish they did too."
Julie just nodded as she walked around to the driver's door, opened it to toss her backpack in the back seat, and climbed in beside Marcia.  Marcia was the only person she talked to about her family's issues.  She was the only one who knew how horrible Julie's family life really was, and the reason behind Amy’s attempts to act out.  It was nice to have someone to commiserate with, but sometimes Julie still felt a flash of self-conscious fear when she talked about her family-even to Marcia.  As if, at any given time Marcia might decide to betray her trust and tell the whole tale to the other students at school.  And Julie didn't want anyone to know.  Ever.  It was paranoia on Julie’s part, and she knew that.  Marcia would never betray her like that.  But still, she worried.  Having an addict for a mother was something that she wanted to keep hidden.
"Isn't the helpful attitude great though?  I think Samantha and John are going to feel really good about helping out.  Really good.  And Samantha is such a nice girl anyway.  Did you hear that she collected five hundred dollars for the March of Dimes walk-a-thon this year?  I really hope that our car wash can raise an equally impressive amount for the homeless shelter."
Julie turned the key and the Escort's old engine sputtered to life with a few mechanical grumbles.   She put the car in gear and tried not to let her mind wander as Marcia continued her monologue.   She didn’t want to hurt Marcia’s feelings, but just then, she really didn’t care about anyone outside of her inner circle, which mostly consisted of Amy and Marcia. She had enough to handle with her family’s issues, and she had no time for anyone else.  But Marcia always felt differently. Marcia seemed to genuinely care about everyone.
Marcia was one of a kind.   Sometimes, Julie couldn't believe that she was worthy of a friend like Marcia. After all, Julie’s mother had told her so many times that she was worthless that sometimes Julie believed it.   She tried to dissuade herself, rationalizing that her mother didn't mean those things, but still, subconsciously, sometimes she still really did feel worthless.  And that made the reality of Marcia's amazing friendship all the more special and unbelievable.  Where Julie was a pessimist, Marica seemed to be the eternal optimist.  Where Julie was very private about personal things, Marcia was open and guileless.   Julie often thought that Marcia was the light to her dark.  Always cheerful, Marcia was sometimes the only bright spot in Julie's day.   When Julie had asked her friend how she could constantly be so happy and only see the good side of things, her friend had blamed it on her own spirituality, her belief in God.  Julie wasn't sure how that worked, but Marcia was certainly a good example of selfless acts of kindness.  
"Mind if I stop for gas, Marsh?" Julie asked, interrupting the steady stream of words coming from her friend's mouth.  "I'm running on empty now and I won't have time to stop later before work."
"Sure, we can stop."
"Ok, great. I just know I won’t have time later. I need to change into my uniform and, well, I just want to check on Amy before I go to work, y'know?"
Marcia sent her a knowing look, "Do you want her to hang out with me tonight? I don't really have plans, other than to meet up with Derek.  I think he wanted to stop by the library to say 'hi' too."
Julie couldn't hold back her groan. She didn’t want Derek stopping by to say “hi” while she as at work.
"What, Jules?” Marcia gave her a mock frown.  ”Derek is a nice guy.  I don't understand why you can't see that."
Julie just shook her head at her friend, knowing that Marcia would never understand why she didn't want Derek around, so she didn’t bother to try to explain.
"We won't bother you too much at work.  Promise.  We’ll just stop for quick cappuccino and then we can take Amy for ice cream if things are bad at home.  I can even keep her with me until you get off work if you want?"
"Marsh, you are so awesome.   I'd appreciate it if you would keep track of Amy tonight.  Things haven't been great around my house lately, and Amy’s dad is gone again, so I don’t really want to leave Amy there alone with Mom.  And I’m worried about the way Amy has been acting lately."
"Sure, what are friends for?  I know you worry about Amy when you are at work."
"Thanks, Marsh.  I mean it."
Marcia's eyes twinkled and she smiled hugely, "Does this mean you owe me one and you'll give Derek a chance?"
Julie smiled back, "It means I owe you one, but it doesn't mean I'll give Derek a chance.  I’ll have to find another way to repay the favor."
Chapter Four
Brian felt crazy.  He thought he might be going insane.  His brain felt like it was splitting into two pieces, the one side fighting the other side for control, and he couldn’t suppress the odd impulses that he knew were foreign to him.  The thinks his brain was thinking  - well, those things just weren’t like him at all.  He didn’t know where these strange thoughts and impulses came from.  Or why they seemed to be taking over.  
He was supposed to join a couple of the guys at Johnnie’s house after school.  They’d planned ignoring the fact that they were underaged and filching a few beers from Johnnie’s dad’s mini-fridge in the garage, then kicking back for some video game fun.  He’d been looking forward to it all week. A little guy time with his friends.   But now, with this brain at war with itself and conflicting impulses shooting through his thoughts every second or two, he thought instead that he should go home and do his homework and clean his room like his mom had been asking him to do for the last week or so.  Brian also knew there was no way he should be stealing beer or drinking it.  That was against rules.  And when he thought about breaking this rule, and about the enjoyment he’d get from tipping back a cold one and skipping out on his homework and chores, a hot stabbing pain ripped through his grey matter.  It felt like a something was tearing his brain apart.  
Brian was scared.  He thought maybe he should tell someone about what was happening to him.  But every time he had that thought, the rending pain would come again and he would forget for a moment what he’d been thinking about.  Then he would realize that he should be doing something productive, like his chores, and when he remembered again that he was scared about something, the process would start all over again. 
Yep, he was going crazy all right.  And there didn’t seem to be anything he could do about it.

Chapter Five
Derek was not surprised to see that Marcia had Amy with her when he met up with her at the library.   It was a frequent occurrence, one that he couldn’t help but wonder about.   Marcia never said anything about it, but he got the impression that she was babysitting more than she was simply hanging around with Julie’s little sister because she wanted the company.
Derek smiled at Amy as he approached them at the library entrance.  The two-story mirrored glass wall behind the girls reflected the strong Kansas sun back down upon their heads making Amy’s curly strawberry blond hair shine brightly.    
Although she was three years younger than Julie, Amy was pretty, just like her sister.  They had the same hair color, the same eye color and the same slight but feminine build.  But where Julie was quiet, studious and shy, Amy was loud, giggly and fond of open displays of emotion.
“Hey, Derek,” Amy squealed in delight, running up to give him an exuberant and slightly embarrassing hug. 
He gently pried her arms away from his waist and stepped back to a more comfortable distance.   
Amy was still grinning at him, mischief and hero-worship shining in her eyes.  If only Julie’s eyes would light up like that when she saw him. 
“Hey, kid.” Derek tousled her already mussed hair and followed Marcia as she entered the library.  
The automatic doors whooshed closed behind him, and Derek’s gaze was immediately drawn to the little coffee kiosk in the middle of the sprawling, open layout of the building.  
Julie was there behind the counter, busy making coffees and cappuccinos for the small crowd of people gathered around the tiny kiosk.  She was too busy to notice their entrance, so he took a moment to simply stare at her. 
Although Julie complained about the uniform that she had to wear to work, Derek liked to see her in it simply because it suited her.   At school, she usually dressed very conservatively, but her work uniform with its bright royal blue shirt, coffee brown jeans and matching apron and visor was colorful and flattering.  He savored the sight while he had the chance.
“She looks busy, doesn’t she?” Marcia asked as they walked closer to the coffee kiosk, which the library had not-so-cleverly dubbed The Grounds.
“Yeah, but that’s ok, I don’t mind waiting around to talk to her.  It will be a while before Colin gets here anyway.” 
As she wandered over to the bookcase that held the newly arrived books, Marcia gave him a look that he didn’t have any trouble interpreting.  She wasn’t happy that Colin was joining them.
Amy squealed again, “Colin is coming? Here? With us?”
Derek couldn’t stop his grin.  Amy was so transparent.   And fickle.  A moment ago, she’d been adoring him with her eyes, but now the delight shining there was all for Colin. “Yep, he said he might join us.  And, you know, he’s not dating Sharon anymore.” 
He wiggled his eyebrows at her and Amy laughed.
“Don’t encourage her,” Marcia said, an uncommon scowl on her face.
“I’m just saying,” Derek held up his hands in mock surrender. “And, if you keep frowning at me like that, I’m going to think you’re trying to perfect my look.”
“Julie says he’s too old for me anyway,” Amy chimed in.  “I don’t think he is.  I mean, you’re almost a year older than her, and... well...” 
Amy’s words faltered.  She’d obviously realized that what she’d said wouldn’t make a very good example, since Julie had refused to date him several times.  Twice she done the refusing in front of Amy, so Amy was well aware.
“What I mean is...” Amy’s face wrinkled up in an intense frown. “Well, I’d date you, I mean, if you asked.  And, well... Oh!  You know what I mean!”
Derek tousled her hair again.  “Yeah, I do, kid.  I do.  But, for what it’s worth, I don’t think Colin is the guy for you.  Julie’s right.  He’s too old for you.  He turned eighteen last week.”
“Aw, man!” Amy whined, looking deflated. “Eighteen?  Really?”
“Yep, on the same day that he broke up with Sharon, actually.” He gave Marcia a meaningful look, but she pretended to ignore him, even though he knew that she was soaking up every word that he said about Colin.    She was probably secretly delighted to know his friend had broken up with Sharon.  And he couldn’t blame her.  Marcia seemed to feel the same way about Colin as he felt about Julie.  The only difference was that Marcia hid her feelings behind a cool shield of disinterest whenever Colin was around, and Derek couldn’t seem to hide the way he felt about Julie.
“If he’s eighteen, he’d never date me now,” Amy pouted.  
“There’s other guys your own age who are nice, Amy,” Marcia suggested.  “And you don’t have to be in a hurry you know.  You have plenty of time to date.”
“Yeah, but, Haley said she’s dating Bret, and Michelle is dating Chad and all my friends think it is a big deal.  I should have a boyfriend by now.”  Amy frowned, and just for a moment Derek could see the genuine anxiety behind her flippant teen facade.  
“Marcia’s right, Amy.  Take your time, there are plenty of guys to go around.   You should be more like Julie.  I don’t think she’s in a hurry.”
Amy snorted loudly, causing several people to look their way. One of the librarians glared at her.  Amy pretended not to notice.  “Puhlease, be more like Julie?   No way!  She’s too responsible.” She practically spat out the word, as if it were a horrible catchy disease.  “And she should have said yes when you asked her out, Derek.”
“Well, I won’t argue with that last part, but there’s nothing wrong with being responsible. Julie’s just trying to look out for you, Amy.”
It was Marcia’s turn to snort, although her sound of derision did not match the loudness of Amy’s.  “If only you knew.”
Derek frowned at her.  “What do you mean by that, Marcia?”
Marcia looked a little sheepish. “Sorry, I can’t say.”
“Marcia!” Amy gave Marcia a now-look-what-you’ve-done glare.  
“Am I missing something here?” Derek asked, sure that he was missing something.  Something important.
“Never mind,” Amy said.  “Look, Julie’s not busy anymore and she’s waving us over.”
Derek followed the two girls over to the coffee kiosk.  
Julie smiled at Amy, the loving gentle smile that she always bestowed upon her younger sister.  “Hey, Sis, find any good books?”
“No,” Amy’s tone did not match her sister’s gentle one.  It was filled with rancor.  “We just got here.”
“Want your usual today?  I’m buying.”
“Sure, thanks.” Amy was still giving Julie a glare.  
What was going on with those two?  Derek knew that Amy had been acting out lately, but he hadn’t before seen this level of rebellion toward Julie.  
“I’ll have a caramel macchiato,” Marcia broke the tension with her order, and Derek didn’t miss the apologetic look that Marcia sent to her best friend.
Julie’s glance turned to him, and for a moment, Derek was struck by the blueness of her eyes and the delicate beauty of her face. She was so perfect.  
“What can I get for you, Derek?” Julie prompted, and her brow drew slightly into a frown.
What was wrong with him?  Derek cleared his throat to buy a little time, “Uh, I’ll just have a cappuccino.  Large, please.”
Julie nodded and turned away, and Derek felt like he’d missed his chance, again.  How many times was he going to get choked up when he tried to talk to her?
“So, heard anything new?” Marcia asked Julie.
Julie nodded as she went about making their drinks, “Sure, there’s been all sorts of gossip about Samantha and John.  It seems like they stayed after school a long time to help.  Tabitha Hendricks said that she had to stay after to complete labs in Mr. Awphel’s class for two hours today, and when she left John was still there, cleaning the snake cage.”
“For two hours?  Wow,” Marcia seemed really impressed at this fact.  “That’s really going the extra mile!  Good for him!”
“And Tabitha said that after John cleaned out the snake cage he offered to wash Mr. Awphel’s car for him.”  Julie handed Marcia and Derek their drinks.
“Why?” Amy asked, a little of the bitterness leaving her tone as Julie handed over a large iced mocha and then open the register to pay for all the drinks herself.  “I thought Mr. Awphel was a real bear?  My friend Ted says his sister, Melissa, is in Mr. Awphel’s class, and she’s always saying how mean he can be. Why would John want to wash his car?”
Derek fished in his pocket and took out a ten dollar bill.  He wasn’t about to let Julie pay for his drink.  He only came here to see her, and if she had to keep paying for drinks just because Amy came along, he feared she’d start to resent his visits even more than she already did.  As it was, he wasn’t brave enough to come to see her without bringing Marcia as a buffer anymore.  “Here.  Drinks are on me tonight.”
Julie’s mouth tightened and she took a deep breath.  He was sure she was getting ready to launch an objection.
Thankfully, Amy spoke first, “Awesome!  Thanks, Derek.  Now Julie can give me money for a burger!”
Julie’s mouth loosened from its grimace and Derek was again grateful for the huge soft spot she had for her sister.  
“Of course.”  Julie took Derek’s ten from his hand, but instead of putting it into the register to cover their drinks, she handed it to Amy.  “How about the burgers are on Derek, and I’ll just cover the drinks?”
Derek let his familiar scowl steal over his features to hide his chagrin. 
“Who knows why John decided to wash Mr. A’s car?” Marcia cut in, and Derek could tell she was trying to soothe the tension that has sprung up by changing the subject.   Marcia was forever the peacemaker.  “I just think it is nice.  People ought to help each other out when they can.”
“But Mr. Awphel?  C’mon, Marcia, even you aren’t that nice,” Amy took a big gulp of her iced mocha.
Marcia pretended to be offended, “I am so!  In fact, I’ll be washing lots of cars next weekend!  You’re going to be there to help, aren’t you?”
“Ouch.  Looks like she’s got you, kid!  Are you going to be there to help?” Derek asked Amy.
Amy gave him a transparently flirty look, “I don’t know. Are you?”
“Amy,” Julie hissed, obviously taking offense at the suggestion in her sister’s words.  
Derek’s scowl turned into a grin.  “I will be if Julie will be.”
Julie blushed, and Derek found his mojo again.  He winked at her.
“Then it is settled.  Julie has promised to be there, so that means Derek will be there and that means you’ll come and help too, Amy.  It will be fun. Remember, it is for a good cause.” Marcia looked delighted that everything had worked out in her favor.
Amy sighed, looking disgusted. “I’m going to go find a good book.”   
Derek watched her stalk away before turning to Julie.
“I know it is none of my business, but what’s up with her?”
Marcia and Julie shared a long look before Julie answered.  “You’re right, it isn’t any of your business.”
“Ouch, Jules, that hurts,” He winced as if in mock pain.  “You know I only want to help.”
Julie seemed to soften for a moment.  “I wish you could.  But you can’t.”
“Jules, c’mon.  Derek just wants what’s best for you.” Marcia stepped closer to the kiosk in order to keep her words between just the three of them.
Derek could tell by the look on Marcia’s face that she was planning on playing matchmaker again.  He appreciated her efforts on his behalf, but sometimes he felt like it was a lost cause.  Julie just didn’t like him.  And nothing he, or Marcia, did seemed to change that fact.  He wasn’t sure why that was the case, but it was.  He’d tried so hard to get her to like him.  Unfortunately, he couldn’t seem to stop thinking about Julie.  He liked her wit, her quiet self-reliance and the way that she always took care of others around her - especially Amy.  Not to mention the fact that she was very easy on the eyes.
“Marcia...” Whatever Julie was about to say was interrupted when the same teen boy that Derek had met earlier in the cafeteria suddenly stepped behind the counter with Julie.
“Hey, Julie.   I’m here to help.  You looked kinda busy earlier, but I was helping the librarian sort books and I couldn’t get over here then.  But I’m here now.  Do you need anything cleaned?  Or can I bake some cookies?  I saw you doing that the other day, and man, when you baked those chocolate macadamia cookies, the smell filled the whole library!  It was a wonder anyone could stop their mouth from watering long enough to read anything.”
The boy grinned widely at Julie, seemingly oblivious to the fact that he was not supposed to be back behind the counter with Julie.  He looked different than what Derek remembered. He’d cleaned up - a lot.  He was now dressed vaguely reminiscent of one of the characters in the old black and white shows they played reruns of on TVLand late at night:  tucked in button up shirt, pressed pants, slicked back hair and, if Derek could believe his eyes, a bow tie.  Mr. Awphel was the only person he knew who wore a bow tie, and he’d certainly never seen one on another guy his age.  The effect was absurd.
“You can’t be back here,” Julie told the boy as she turned to face him.  
The boy surged forward, crowding Julie in the small space.  He lunged at her, a huge love-struck grin on his face, and enveloped her in a forceful hug.  Derek heard her lower back hit the counter with a thud.
“Hey!” Derek reached over to grab the kid’s arm, but it was firmly around Julie’s waist and he couldn’t remove it from his place on the other side of the counter. 
“Let me go!” Julie gasped, trying to wriggle away.  
The boy just held on tighter, “I’ve always liked you, Julie. I just wanted you to know.”
“Security!” Marcia shouted.
Julie gasped, “You’re hurting me.”
“That’s it,” Derek shoved his drink toward Marcia, not waiting to see if she grabbed it before he let go, and leapt across the kiosk counter.
He crowded close to the boy, towering over him and giving him his most menacing scowl as he jerked the boy’s arm away from Julie’s waist.  “She said let go.”
The boy released Julie and stepped back, his eyes looked a little glazed and he rubbed his arm where Derek had gripped it.  “Hey, man, that hurt.”
“Well, you hurt her.  No one hurts her, understand?”  Derek felt his anger growing.  How dare the kid attack Julie like that?
The boy’s glazed eyes showed momentary concern, “Uh, sorry.  Didn’t mean to hurt her.”
“It’s okay, Derek.  I don’t think he meant anything by it,” Julie said from behind Derek’s back.
Derek felt Julie put her hand on his shoulder and realized that he’d placed himself in front of her in a position of protection.  The warmth of her soft touch calmed his anger. 
She shimmied to the side in the small kiosk so she could look at the kid’s face, “But, Justin, you can’t go around hugging people like that.  And you can’t be back here while I’m working. That’s against the rules.”
“The rules?” Justin looked horrified.  “I’ve broken the rules?”
He backed out of the small kiosk, his eyes still wide with horror.  His voice rose, “I’ve broken the rules!” 
Justin looked around frantically, as if he was suddenly terrified.
The library security officer approached him from behind.  “Yes, you’ve broken the rules, Justin. But it’s certainly not the first time.  Come with me.”
“Rules!  Rules!  Broken rules!” Justin yelled, just before his eyes rolled back in his head and he slumped to the floor.   
It was almost as if he’d short-circuited or something.  Derek stepped away from the scene as the security guard bent down to help the boy.
“I think he has seizures or something.  He had one at lunch,” Derek told the man.
“I’ve never seen him have a seizure before, and he’s worked here for months,” Julie said.  Her face was paler than normal and she was rubbing her back where Justin had slammed her against the counter.
“You ok?” Derek asked, longing to rub her back himself.  
“Yeah,” Julie nodded at him then edged away as if she was uncomfortable with his closeness.
“Uh, sorry.  I shouldn’t be back here with you, should I?  But he was hurting you...”  Derek couldn’t help himself, he reached out to touch her cheek. 
She flinched away and sidestepped again.
He sighed, then turned and vaulted back over the counter.
“Better?” he asked from the other side, hoping that she couldn’t see how much her rejection of his simple touch had hurt.
She nodded.  “Thank you.  For helping.  I was almost afraid of him there for a minute.  I don’t know what came over him.  I’ve never seen Justin act like that.”

Chapter Six
Julie slung her bag over her shoulder, stuffed her apron and visor into it and headed out of the kiosk.   She was ready to leave the library behind her for the evening.  It has been a trying night.   Kids from school had kept offering to help her, and even though she insisted she had to do her job at the kiosk herself, they often got belligerent about it.  Who would have thought a person could be irritated by offers of help?
“Bye, Laura,” she said, waiving as she passed the elderly librarian near the back exit to the library.
       “Bye, Julie, see you tomorrow.  You have a good evening.  I hope your back is feeling better tomorrow. I don’t know what got into Justin to hurt you like that.”
       Julie shrugged in answer. It had been very unlike Justin.  He was quiet and kept to himself.   He usually did what he was told, when the librarians told him, but he never talked much and he never offered to do additional work.  He was pretty much a loner, and Julie had always thought him rather lazy and more than a little sloppy.  “I’ll be okay, Laura.  See you tomorrow.”
       Laura smiled and gave a little wave as Julie passed through the sliding glass doors on the way outside.
       Marcia and Amy were waiting in the parking lot, sitting in the Escort with the windows down and the radio blaring.
       Julie opened the driver’s door and slid onto the worn-out seat, heaving a sigh of relief.   Her back did ache where Justin had slammed her against the counter, and it felt good to sit down. Her shift at the coffee kiosk had lasted five long hours, and she was ready for a break.
       “We got you a burger,” Marcia told her as she handed over a paper bag that smelled deliciously of junk food.
       “Thanks, I’m starving!”  Julie took her burger out of the bag and unwrapped it. It was still hot and smelled wonderful.  “Mind if we sit here while I eat?  I didn’t have a chance to take my break today, so I haven’t eaten since lunch.”
       “No,” Marcia said.
       “Yes,” Amy said at the same time.
       Marcia gave Amy a look, and Julie could tell that Amy hadn’t made the evening easy for her friend.
       “Are you in a hurry to get home, then?” Julie asked, knowing that her sister probably felt the same as she did.  And she didn’t want to go home, even though she needed a shower and some sleep.
       “Not really, but I’m bored.  This is boring.”
       Julie sighed.  “Fine, we don’t have to sit here while I eat, but the only place we’re going is home.   I need to shower and go to sleep anyway.”
       “But it’s Friday, Julie.  And its only ten o’clock,” Amy whined.
       “And I’m still tired.”  Julie took another bite of the burger, then shoved the rest back in the bag.  Amy’s attitude was ruining her appetite.
       “Fine, suit yourself.  You always do!” Amy slammed herself back in the seat and crossed her arms over her chest, pouting.
        Julie sighed again and started the Escort, wishing that what Amy had said was true. She wished she only did things to suit herself.  But that just wasn’t the case. She rarely, if ever, did anything that she actually wanted to do anymore.  Sure, she went to school to her Honors classes, striving to keep her GPA up so that when the time came to apply to Cornell University, she’d have a chance to actually get accepted.   But that wasn’t for her, that was for Amy. 
       Cornell had the Microbiology program Julie so wanted to join, but that wasn’t why she was going.  No, it was because Amy’s father had promised that if Julie got into Cornell, he’d help her get a small apartment there.  And he’d let Amy come live with her.  They could finally be away from their mother, together in a safe environment.
It was probably only another lie on his part, but Julie was determined to hold him to it.  No matter what.  But she had to get accepted to Cornell first and she had to earn the scholarships to afford the tuition.
Amy didn’t know Julie’s plans, because Julie didn’t want their mother to know just yet and wouldn’t risk Amy blurting out her plans, but there was no way that Julie could go off to college somewhere and leave Amy at the mercy of their mother.  Even though Amy had gotten increasingly difficult to deal with lately, Julie knew that she couldn’t abandon her sister like that.  Her sister was just acting out.  Usually, that teen behavior was directed toward a parent, but since Julie had somewhat filled the role of both parents for Amy, she knew that Amy was now directing that rebellion at her.
       “I’m sorry, Marsh,” Julie glanced at her friend out of the corner of her eye as she drove.
       “Don’t be.”
       “Don’t apologize for me, Julie.” Amy said from the back seat. 
       Julie didn’t want to argue with Amy, so she kept silent.  The ride to Marcia’s house seemed to take forever as uncomfortable silence filled the car like a dark shadow.
       When then finally pulled up in front of her friend’s house, Marcia didn’t even wait for the car to roll to a complete stop before she opened the door and hopped out.  “I’ll text you, see you later,” she said as she shut the door.
       “Okay, and thanks. For everything.”
       “Sure, what are friends for?”  Marcia turned and jogged up the steps to her house.
       Amy remained silent for the rest of the ride home, not even letting so much as a sigh escape when they finally arrived. She just flung open the door to the car, slammed it hard behind her and then stormed into the house.
       Julie clenched her eyes shut, fighting tears, and remained in the car for a moment.  Didn’t Amy understand that she only had her sister’s best interests at heart?  Why couldn’t Amy cut her a break?  If she was tired, shouldn’t her little sister care? 
       Slowly, reluctantly, Julie gathered her stuff and headed inside.  She only hoped that her mother would be sleeping, and that Amy hadn’t woken her up.  All she wanted was a hot shower and a little time with her pillow.  She didn’t want to have to deal with her mother.
       As soon as she closed the door and stepped inside the house, she knew that her hopes had been in vain.
       “It’s about time you got home.  Did you bring me anything to eat?”
       Julie could tell from the slurred words that her mother had gotten high again. 
       “No, Mom, I didn’t think you’d still be up.” Julie stifled her sigh.   Why couldn’t her mother quit getting high?  She’d been in treatment program after treatment program, but she always fell off of the wagon.
       “But you fed your sister, didn’t you?  Why do you care so much about her?  She’s only your half sister.  I’m your mother.  Shouldn’t you make sure you feed me first?”
       “I didn’t know you’d still be up,” Julie repeated, trying to keep her voice light, knowing that nothing she could say would make any difference to her mother at this point.  Nothing ever meant anything to her mother after she got high.  Even if Julie had brought her mother something to eat, her mother still wouldn’t have been happy.  She’d have found something else to fight about.
       “Of course I’m up.  I don’t have a job, I don’t go to work, so why would I be tired?  I lost my license, so I can’t drive and I can’t go anywhere, so why would I be tired?  No one calls, no one visits, no one does anything with me, so why would I be tired?”   Her mother’s voice rose to a shout, and moments later a dirty coffee mug came whizzing by Julie’s head, barely missing her cheek as it sloshed old coffee all over the floor.
       Julie said nothing, feeling numb, yet wanting to weep again.  She really didn’t feel like she could deal with this tonight.
       “Mom, are you high again?” Amy had come out of her room and stood just inside the living room doorway. 
       Julie almost groaned at the question.  Amy’s pointed question had just made everything exponentially worse.  Her mother did not like to be confronted about being high when she was high.
       A shriek of rage came from the couch and her mother picked up a dirty plate from the coffee table and flung it at Amy. 
       Amy ducked behind the doorjamb and the plate crashed into the wall behind her, leaving a smear of old food on the cracked wallpaper before it fell to the floor.
       “No child of mine is going to talk to me like that, you ungrateful little brat.”
       “Let’s go, Amy.  We aren’t staying here tonight.” Julie did an about-face and headed back out the door, hoping that Amy would follow her without an argument.  The way her sister had been acting lately, she wasn’t sure that Amy wouldn’t take the opportunity to rebel again and make things really bad.
       But Amy appeared right behind her, slamming the door shut on her way out.   The sound of another dish breaking against the door followed them out to the Escort.
       “See, I told you we shouldn’t have come home.”
       “I’m sorry that you were right about it. I’m sorry that Mom is high again.  But, Amy, I really am tired.  I need to get some rest.  I’ve been studying every night after work instead of sleeping.”
       “Where are we going?” Amy asked as they both climbed into the car.
       “I don’t know.”
       “I wish Dad was here, he wouldn’t let her treat me like that.”
       But he’s not, is he?  He’s not here to protect you, and I am.  He’s not here because he’s spineless, and he can’t stand the thought of coming home to his drug-addict wife, so he stays gone.  And he doesn’t care what happens to you.  Julie’s thoughts were bitter, but she wouldn’t let the words pass her lips.  Amy had enough problems without Julie adding to them with her low opinion of Amy’s father.
       If only her own father were still alive, then maybe things would be different.  He had been a great dad and a good provider, and it was only after his premature death that their mother had become an addict. But he wasn’t still alive, and things weren’t different, so she’d just have to deal with it, like she always did.
       Julie tried to calm her thoughts and turned to Amy.  “Is your overnight bag still in here?”
       Amy gave her a look, “You know it is.  It’s right beside yours in the back seat.  I always keep it in here, just in case.”
       “Okay then, how does a hotel for the night sound?” Julie mentally calculated the cost of a hotel.  She had the money to pay for the room, but it would have to come out of the savings that she had been ferreting away for the move to Cornell at the end of the next school year.
       “Sounds great! Can we go to one with a pool?  I have my swimming suit in my bag.”
Julie nodded and started the car, carefully backing out of the gravel driveway and onto the street. At the same time, she couldn’t help but think just how wrong it was that they were both so well prepared to leave their home at a moment’s notice.  They both kept an overnight bag in her car, filled with a change of clothes, some cosmetics, a toothbrush and other essentials they needed on their frequent stays away from home. She wished that she could afford an apartment for them now, so they wouldn’t have to go through this so often, but she couldn’t.  Her part-time job at the library kiosk didn’t pay enough for that. 
And Amy’s father wouldn’t help – not until Julie was accepted to Cornell and she turned eighteen – or so he’d told her.  The cheap jerk.  She didn’t know why he’d made that stipulation, probably because he’d thought she wouldn’t be able to attain it, and she didn’t know why he allowed Amy to live like this.  He barely sent home enough money for them to pay the bills and keep renting the run-down house that they all lived in.  Julie was scared to admit it, even to herself, but she had her doubts that he’d follow through on his promise if she did make it into Cornell.  If he didn’t, she would make due if she had to. She always did.
       “Sure.  But you’ll be the only one swimming, I’m not as prepared as you are.  My suit is in the house,” Julie answered, trying yet again to shake off her bitter thoughts.
       “Cool, I can’t wait to text Karen. She’ll be so jealous!  Maybe her mom will let her come stay the night with us?”
       “I wouldn’t ask.  What if her mom turns us in?  We are both under eighteen, you know.  If Mom calls the cops and tells them that we are run-aways, and Karen’s mom tells them we’re at a hotel, then we’ll both risk being taken to the youth detention center.  I told you, we have to be careful who we tell when we have to leave home like this.  If anyone knows that we have to leave home so much, we could get taken in.  I don’t want to be separated from you, Amy.”
       Amy snorted, “You worry too much. Mom’s not gonna’ call the cops. She’s probably glad we’re gone. And do you think she’s gonna’ call them when she’s high?  And explain where she got the drugs?   Mom hates the cops. She’s got too much to hide. She’s not gonna’ call them.”
       “Still, let’s play it safe. Don’t ask anyone to come stay with us at the hotel, okay?” Julie didn’t understand why Amy couldn’t just cooperate.  Didn’t she understand what was at stake?
       “No, it’s not okay. Why do you have to ruin everything?” 
       “Amy, I-“ Her words stopped on a gasp as a girl walked out into the dark street in front of the Escort.
       Julie slammed her foot down on the brake pedal and turned the steering wheel hard to the right.  The Escort’s tires squealed on the asphalt. Amy let out a startled scream as the car barely missed hitting the girl. 
       Heart pounding, hands shaking, Julie guided the car to a stop at the side of the road.
       The girl was now kneeling, right in the middle of the road, acting as if she hadn’t just stepped out in front of a car and almost gotten killed. She had something in her hands that she was rubbing against the road, but Julie couldn’t quite see what it was.
       Amy leaned over to peer out the window at the girl.
       “She’s wearing pajamas,” she said, as if that were important.  “What’s she doing?”
  Julie took a deep breath to calm her pounding heart and then opened the door and got out, “I don’t know what she’s doing, but she’s going to get killed if she stays there.  We should help get her out of the street.”
 “Hey, doesn’t she go to school with you? She looks familiar.”
Julie took another look at the girl   The girl’s hair was hanging over her face as she bent over the road, wiping furiously at whatever was there, but Julie could still tell who it was.
 “You’re right. That’s Samantha Norton.” A shiver skated up Julie’s spine.  This behavior wasn’t normal.  First Samantha asked to clean the restrooms at school for the custodians – and who in their right mind would do that?  Now the girl was out in the street in her pajamas, and it appeared as though she was trying to wipe something off of the road.
 Amy got out of the car and joined Julie. 
 “Samantha?” Julie approached the girl cautiously.  “Are you okay?  What are you doing out here?”
 Samantha didn’t respond.
  As she got closer, Julie could see that Samantha had a kitchen sponge, and she was wiping the road vigorously with it.  Roadkill, a dead bird from the look of the remains, was splattered all over the asphalt in front of Samantha.  The girl was wiping at it, blood and gore coating the sponge and her hands.  
Julie gagged and looked away.
 “Samantha?  What are you doing?” Amy cried, horror in her voice.
Samantha didn’t look up.  She scrubbed harder and mumbled, “Clean.  Gotta be clean.  Must help keep it clean.”



Chapter Seven
Derek sat in front of the his 52-inch widescreen, his Xbox power button glowing green in the darkness of his bedroom and a wireless headset attached to his head.
“Yeah!” he muttered as another zombie exploded on the screen.   
His door opened a bit, light from the hallway flooding his room, and Derek’s mother poked her head inside, “Supper’s ready.”
“Thanks, Mom.  Be right there!” 
Her head disappeared from behind the door, and Derek quickly told his online friends goodbye, saved his game and shut off the Xbox.   
He had a late supper with his parents every night at the big dining room table.  It was something they’d always done.   His dad worked late hours almost every week day, but they always had a meal together.   On Fridays, it was usually around midnight, like tonight.  He knew not many of his friends had a sit-down meal with their parents every night of the week, but he did.  And he knew that none of them ate so late.  And, though he’d never admit it, he liked the late night meals and the time with his parents.  Kids he knew rarely liked to spend time with their parents, but he did.  He supposed it came from the bonds that they’d formed while he was growing up – he’d never made friends easily then, and he had preferred to stay home. That, and his parents were just great people most of the time.
He closed the door to his room and hurried down the short hallway to the stairs, the delicious scent of pot roast, mashed potatoes and some sort of sweet dessert – pie if he guessed correctly – wafted up to him.  He smiled.  His mom was the best cook around.  She constantly won awards with recipes that she submitted to contests, and she loved to cook for him and his dad.  Derek loved that she loved to cook, because he loved to eat.  
“Hey, Dad,” Derek greeted his dad as he took his place at the table.   
“Hey, Derek,” his dad returned, smiling.
“Pot roast tonight, huh?” 
His dad grinned.  “Yep, a new recipe she said.   Something about chipotle infusion and pressure cooking.  Do you feel like being a guinea pig again?”
“You know it!  Mom never makes anything bad, so I don’t mind at all.  Bring it on!”  
His dad laughed, “I wish I could eat like a teenager again.”  He patted the small round of belly fat that he’d developed the last few years.  “I just can’t though.”
It was Derek’s turn to laugh, “That’s ok, more for me!”
Derek’s mom bustled in from the kitchen, her arms laden with a large platter of thinly sliced roast beef, neatly arranged around a fluffy pile of mashed potatoes and gravy.  In her other hand she carried a large crystal bowl of chopped salad, with little crumbles of bacon and freshly chopped chives sprinkled on top.
She always served amazing food, not only did it smell and taste fantastic, but she always made it look good too.
Derek jumped up from his chair and took the heavy platter from her, placing it on the table.  
“Anything else in the kitchen I need to grab?” he asked her as she set the pretty salad down beside the platter of roast beef.
Derek thought for a second that it would be a shame to eat the salad, it almost looked like art.  
“No, there’s nothing else to bring to the table until dessert, and I’ll bring that in later.  Cherry pie with homemade vanilla bean ice cream and a chocolate-cherry sauce for the top.”  Her eyes gleamed as she announced the dessert.  She knew that was always his favorite part of the meal.
“Fantabulous,” Derek knew his own eyes were gleaming right back at her.  He loved her cherry pie.  It was the best he’d ever tasted, and since cherry pie was his all time favorite, he’d tasted plenty of pies.
After they all took their seats and passed around the food, their nightly tradition of what his dad called ‘table conversation’ commenced.  
“How was school, Derek?” his dad asked as he cut a piece of the tender beef and then forked into his mouth.  
“It was ok.  Nothing really exciting. Just the normal stuff,” Derek took a large bite of the tender beef and chewed slowly, savoring the chipotle flavor. “Mom, this is great.  Seriously great. I love it.”
She smiled at him. “I’m glad.  It’s a new thing I wanted to try for my next recipe submission.”
“It’s a winner.  I can tell!”
She laughed. “I hope so.  Hey, did you go to the library tonight with Marcia?”
“Yeah,” he took a big bite of the salad.  It tasted as good as it looked.
“And did you see Julie?” His mom asked.  “I wish you’d invite her to dinner sometime.  Maybe on a Sunday? When we can have it at a more normal time? Colin told me how much you like her.”
“Mom!” Derek protested her invasion into his personal life, something she rarely did. 
“Oh, now Derek, it’s no big deal.  I just wanted to meet the girl who’s caught your eye, that’s all.”
“Sylvia, let the poor boy eat, you’re going to choke him with embarrassment.” 
“Thanks, Dad!” Derek muttered, then stuffed another bite of roast into his mouth so he didn’t have to answer his mother’s question.  What could he say, anyway?  Yes, I saw Julie. Yes, she treated me like a leper.  Again.
“Dan, it’s a normal thing.  No need to for him to be embarrassed.”
Derek groaned, “Mom!”
“Okay, okay, fine.  We won’t speak of Julie then.  How’s Colin doing?  The poor boy broke up with Sharon, didn’t he?”
How did she know these things? Derek wondered.  “Yeah, but he’s fine, he’s not too broken up about it.”
“She wasn’t right for him. I could tell.”  
“Marcia likes him.  I wish he’d date her. She’s nice.”
“Nice, huh?” his mom wiggled her eyebrows at him, as if suggesting perhaps he should date Marcia himself.  
“Nice, yeah, but not like that.  She’s nice, like a sister or a good friend.  Just nice.  You’d like her. She always has something good to say about everyone!”
“She went to the library with you?” she asked.  
“Yeah.”
“Maybe you should have brought her home for dinner?  I’d like to meet her too.”
“She couldn’t have come. She was busy with Amy - that’s Julie’s little sister - and after what happened, they wanted to go get a burger. And besides, even though it’s Friday, her parents are probably in bed by now. And she has a curfew of eleven o’clock.”
“What do you mean, after what happened?” his dad asked, a touch of concern in his voice.
“A guy that Julie works with sort of attacked her.  He said he wanted to help her and then he got all handsy and a little rough with her and then he passed out.”
“Handsy?” his dad echoed.
“Passed out?” his mom said at the same time.
“Well, yeah, I jumped over the counter to help her, and after I got him to let her go, he got all upset about breaking the rules and had some sort of attack.  It was all kinds of weird.” Derek took another bite of salad.
“Yes, sounds like it,” his father said.  “You didn’t hit him or anything?  Help him pass out? From getting handsy with your girl?”
“Kids these days,” his mother said at the same time. “The poor boy was probably on drugs.”
“No, I didn’t hit him, Dad. And Julie’s not my girl – yet.” After all, he still held out hope that he could convince her she really did want to date him.  “And, yeah, Mom, now that you mention it, he was sort of acting like he was on drugs.  He was acting strange at lunch even.”
“You had lunch with the boy?” she scolded. “Oh, Derek, you know that I’d like for you to stay away from kids who do drugs.”
His mom sounded so concerned that he couldn’t be angry at her for scolding him.  He knew it was only because she cared.  And besides, who could be mad at a woman who made such delicious pot roast and then made him cherry pie for dessert?
“I didn’t intend to, he just came and sat by me. And then he had some sort of fit.  But he was okay afterwards. I don’t know about later.  The library security guard hauled him away.”
“It is good that you don’t hang out with him often, he sounds like trouble.  I’m glad that you spend most of your time with Colin.”
“Me too,” Derek agreed.  Although, he did wonder why Colin had ditched him at the library tonight.  It wasn’t like his friend not to show up if he said he’d be somewhere.
He and Colin had grown up together.  They’d gone through grade school together, and lived on the same street since they were in pre-school.   Colin was as good as it got when it came to friends.  Derek could always trust the guy to have his back. It was probably the only reason he’d made it through grade school.
“We should have Colin over for dinner next week,” his dad said.  “I haven’t seen the boy in a while.  And I like his company.”
“I’ll ask him.  I’m sure he’ll come.  He loves mom’s cooking.  He wouldn’t ever say so, but his mom doesn’t do nearly so well in the kitchen.”
Derek’s mom grinned, but said nothing.
“That boy has always been a good friend to you,” Dan said.  “Remember when that boy -what was his name? – tried to stuff you into the closet at school when you were in second grade, and Colin wouldn’t let him?”
“His name was Eric, and don’t remind me.”  Before he’d grown into his current six-foot-three, two hundred and twenty pound frame, he’d been a scrawny, nerdy kid with a stutter. And kids had picked on him unmercifully in grade school and middle school.  If not for Colin’s friendship, he didn’t know how he’d have made it through.  Yep, Colin was the real deal.  The best friend a guy could have.
“Ready for dessert?” his mom asked, noticing that he’d cleaned his plate of his second helping of beef, potatoes and salad.  
“You bet!” 
“I’ll get it, then.  Be right back.” 
Derek’s cell phone rang from its place inside his pocket.  He threw his dad a glance as he pulled it from his pocket.  
“Hey, speaking of, it’s Colin!  Mind if I take this? I’ll make it quick.”  They usually didn’t answer phone calls during supper.  His parents believed that since their meal together was usually the only time they talked during the day, that it shouldn’t be interrupted.
“Sure,” his dad nodded.  “But make it quick, I don’t want to wait for you when the pie gets here.”
“Thanks!” 
Derek hopped up from his chair, pressing the answer button as he made his way into the den. “Hey, what’s up? Where were you earlier?” 
“Am I interrupting supper?  I know how your parent’s hate that.” Colin’s voice sounded a little strange.  Almost toneless.
“No problem, my dad said it was ok.  I gotta make it quick though.  Mom is serving dessert in a minute.”
“Ok, if you are sure.  I don’t want to break any rules.”
Since when? Derek wanted to ask. Colin wasn’t a delinquent by any stretch of the imagination, but he didn’t mind breaking a few rules now and then.
“You’re not. What’s wrong, man?  You sound funny, and when you didn’t meet me earlier, I was a little worried.”
“Well, I wasn’t sure if I should call you, but, well, did you remember to that Mr. Awphel said our paper was due next week.  Did you do it yet?”
“What?” Derek asked, stunned. Colin had called him about a paper? “No, I didn’t do it, it’s not due until next week, Dude.”
“Well, I just wanted to make sure that you didn’t miss his due date, that’s all.  I don’t want you to break any rules.”
There’s that rule thing again. Derek couldn’t help but wonder about it.  Especially since that’s what Justin had been screaming about at the library earlier.
“Hey, Colin, you feeling okay?”
“Yeah, why?” Colin answered, his voice still a monotone.  “I feel fine.  Except, I have a funny feeling I haven’t been helping out my parent’s nearly enough.  You know, man, all the stuff they do for me?  I think I should help out more.  I think I’ll go clean the garage for Dad or something.  But, hey, I feel great.  Just wanted to remind you about the paper.  We should all help each other out, y’know?”
“Yeah, thanks.  I gotta go, I hope that’s ok.” Derek could hear his mom back in the dining room talking to his dad.  He didn’t want to keep them waiting.  Still, he was concerned about Colin.  His friend seemed off.  
“Bye.” Colin said quickly. “Don’t want to get you in trouble with your parents.  Don’t want you to break any rules.” 
 And then Colin hung up, before Derek had time to say another word.
Derek looked at his phone, a niggling sense of unease gripping him. Something wasn’t right. Colin never got worked up about due dates for papers, not even in their Honors class with Mr. Awphel.  And since when did he care so much about rules?
He shook his head.  Something was definitely up.  
Before he could stuff his phone back in his pocket and rejoin his parents, it rang again.  The caller ID read Marcia.
He answered quickly, “Hey, Marsh, mind if I call you back?  Just sitting down to dessert with my parents, and I don’t want to keep them waiting.”
There was a pause, and a sniff, then Marcia’s trembling voice, “Oh, Derek, I didn’t know who else to call.  She’ll be so mad at me, though, if she knows I called you of all people.”
“What, who?” Derek’s senses went on high alert.  “Marcia, are you crying?”
“Never mind that.” She sniffed again, and he knew he was right. She was crying.  “I’m worried about Julie.  She’s left home, that’s the third time this month, and she’s staying at a hotel.”
“Left home? For good?”
“No, no, not for good, I’m sure. She said she doesn’t have enough for an apartment yet.”
“An apartment? Is she’s okay?  What happened?”
“I shouldn’t be telling you all this Derek, but, well, I’m worried about her.  And I can’t leave, it’s after my parents’ curfew for me.  But I want to make sure she’s really ok.  I mean, well, sometimes her mom gets…mean.  And you know I don’t like to talk bad about people, but Julie’s mom…  Well, she’s not a nice person, Derek.”
“So you think she’s done something to Julie?”
“I’m not sure.  Julie called me, and she was upset because she found Samantha in the middle of the road cleaning up blood or something and her mom had been yelling and throwing things, but she didn’t say if she’d been hurt, only that she had to leave.”
“What?  Samantha was bleeding? And Samantha’s mom was throwing things?” Derek was staring to feel a desperate urge to get to wherever Julie was in a hurry. 
“No, no, not Samantha’s mom, Julie’s mom!  Ohhhhh!  I’m not making sense, am I?  Look, will you just go to the Grand State hotel and check on her? Make sure she’s ok? And then text me?”
“Yes, I’ll go.”
“Thanks, Derek.  I hope she’s not too mad at me.  Don’t tell her I told you, okay?  And especially don’t tell her I told you anything about her mom.  Just make sure she’s not hurt.”
“I can do that.  Talk to you later.”
Marcia hung up and Derek stuffed the phone in his pocket and stalked back to the table, concern for Julie nagging at his mind like a piranha biting at an open wound.  He felt his familiar scowl settle over his face.
“Everything okay?” his dad asked as Derek took his chair.
“No, not really,” Derek muttered, picking up his fork to dig into the luscious looking dessert. The generous slice of pie in front of him had a perfectly round ball of melting ice cream on top, covered in his mother’s wonderful chocolate-cherry syrup, but he suddenly didn’t feel like eating any more. No matter how good it looked and smelled.  He couldn’t quit thinking about Julie.  What could have driven her from her home so late at night?
“Um, Mom, Dad, something’s up with Julie.  I’d like to go check to make sure she’s okay.”
Two pairs of eyes looked at him, startled.
His dad looked at his mom, and she looked back at him steadily. Derek usually hated it when they shared that look.  It usually meant nothing good for him.
“Yes, go ahead.  Just be careful.  And don’t get back too late.” Dan said.
“Really?” He was more than a little surprised it had been that easy. “Thanks…” Unwilling to give them a chance to change their minds, he practically leapt out of his chair.  As he hurried to the door, he heard his father say, “He must be worried, he didn’t even touch his pie.”




Chapter Eight
Julie sighed with contentment as she flung herself down on the comfy hotel bed.   The air had that peculiar, welcoming smell of hotel rooms everywhere, kind of clean yet unfamiliar, but it was cool and, best of all, quiet.  And theirs for the night.
Amy emerged from the bathroom wearing her teal one-piece swimsuit, a hotel towel flung over her shoulder, flip-flops on her feet.   "Are you sure you don't want to go to the pool?   It's gonna feel great."
"No, but thanks, I just want to kick back here for a while." And relax, she thought to herself.   Without anything else bad happening.
"Okay, but you're gonna be missing out," Amy grinned and headed toward the door.  
A second later the heavy hotel door closed sharply behind Amy and Julie was alone.
Julie was happy that her sister had something to smile about.  For once.  So often now, there wasn't much that could have made Amy happy, considering how miserable things usually were at home.   
Julie closed her eyes and tried to marshal her spinning thoughts.  There was so much to think about: her mom, school, Amy's behavior, the odd things going on with Samantha and Justin, her plans for the future, passing her Honors classes and getting into Cornell, getting them both their own place…
Her thoughts didn't want to form themselves into anything cohesive and useful, probably because she was so very tired.  It was after midnight.   And the week of sleep-deprivation was really catching up with her.
She closed her eyes, thinking that Amy would be safe down at the pool by herself for a while.  After all, the pool at the hotel that Amy had convinced her to stay at was really an indoor waterpark, with lifeguards and everything, open twenty-four/seven.
She’d been grateful that the kid at the reception desk hadn’t asked too many questions when they’d checked in.  She’d had to give him her phone number to distract him from the fact that she wasn’t quite eighteen yet, but she’d thought it was a fair trade.  She’d been a little worried that she wouldn’t be able to get a room since she was under age.  She’d been refused a room for that very reason a few times before.
Knowing that she and her sister were safe from their mother's wrath and meth-induced craziness, Julie let herself relax into the softness of the bed.  Only for a moment, and then she’d go check on Amy.
She drifted off to sleep a few minutes later, loving the way that sleep pulled her in and made all her worries seem fuzzy and far away.
It seemed like only a moment later that her phone rang, waking her from a sound sleep.
"Hello?" she answered sleepily after pulling it from her pocket.
"Hey, come let me in, I'm at your hotel door."
Her brain must still be fuzzy from sleep, because it sounded like Derek’s voice.  And why would he be at the door?  He didn’t even know that she wasn’t at home.
"Who is this?"  
"It's Derek, come let me in.  Please?"
Julie sighed heavily, not caring if he heard her over the phone or not.  She was so not in the mood for this.  
Not bothering to hang up the phone or say anything else, she peeled herself up from the soft bed and marched to the door.  Checking the peephole, she made sure it was really Derek, then hung up the phone and opened the door.
"What are you doing here?"  She tried not to let her irritation show in her voice.  She didn't move to the side so he could come in, either.  Being alone with Derek was just not going to happen.  
Derek liked her a little too much.  His obvious affection made her uncomfortable.  And Julie knew she couldn't ever return his feelings. Whether she wanted to or not. And sometimes, she did want to.   A lot.  But she had plans that he didn’t fit into, and she didn’t want to get close to anyone right now.  She had enough to handle as it was, without adding a boyfriend to the picture.   She would be leaving for Cornell soon, if everything worked out, and she didn’t want to form any attachments.  Attachments equaled vulnerabilities.  And she certainly didn’t need any more of those.
Which was exactly why she wasn’t letting him in the room with her alone.
"Can I come in?" he asked politely.  
"No," she tried to sound firm, and guessed she’d succeeded when she saw a flash of hurt in his eyes.  She winced inwardly, not liking the thought of causing him pain.  But she knew that getting emotionally close to Derek wasn’t a good idea.  The sooner he realized that, the better.
"Look, I know that you’re going through a tough time or you wouldn't be here.  I thought you could use a friend, that's all.  And I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
"Marcia ratted me out, didn’t she?” Julie frowned at the thought.  “She’s the only one who knows we are here."
It was Derek's turn to wince.  "I promised I wouldn’t tell."
"Uh-huh, right."  Julie leaned against the door, feeling tired again, wondering how long she had been asleep.  It felt like it had only been minutes.
"So, are you really going to make me stand here in the hall to talk to you?"
Julie thought about it a minute, her convictions wavering.  He had come all the way here just to see her.
"I brought you an Oreo shake," he held up a paper bag, and she only then realized that he was carrying one.  She must really be tired.  "And fries.  I know how you like to dip them in your shake, and I thought you might be hungry."
For a moment, she felt guilty.  Derek knew she liked to dip fries in her shake? Just what did she know about him?  Julie felt her convictions waver a bit more.  The guy was just so nice to her.  She could never understand what he saw in her, much less why he was so nice to her.  His rep at school was anything but nice.  Most kids were actually afraid of him.   He was so large and intimidating, and usually scowling – except when he was looking at her.  But he had an Oreo shake, and fries. And she was hungry.
"Um, well, I guess..." she held the door wider and gestured for him to enter.  As if on cue, her stomach growled.  
He grinned at her as he passed, and she knew he'd heard it.  How mortifying.
"So, um, thanks," she felt awkward.   What did one say to a guy who cared enough to drive across town, bring you food, and check on you just to make sure you were okay?  A guy you didn't want to care about, or show any sign of accepting his attention?  A guy you didn't really want to hurt.
"Sure, just wanted to check on you."
She held her arms out to the sides in an encompassing gesture and grinned, "I’m fine, as you can see."
"Yes, you are."
Julie felt too tired to try to decide if that was a come-on, or just him agreeing with her state of well-being.  She decided she'd let it pass.
He unloaded the shake and fries from the bag and handed them to her.  The fries smelled heavenly.
"None for you?" Julie asked when he crumpled the bag up and tossed it into the trash can in the corner of the room like a jock shooting a dunk shot.
"Nah, I ate with my parents not too long ago."
"Mmmm, yeah, the family dinners.  I remember."  See?  There was something she did know about him.  She thoughtfully chewed a fry and then sat down on the bed.  
He sat down on the other one, right across from her.  "What's wrong with that?" he sounded slightly defensive.
"Nothing, it's great.  I just don't know what it would be like.  A family dinner, every night, your mom cooking.  It would be great."
Julie realized as soon as she said it that she'd let one of her secrets slip. Her longing for a normal family life was now out in the open between them. 
"Julie…" Derek looked awkward now.  "Marcia, I mean, someone, said that you'd left home tonight because of your mom."
"Yeah, so?" Julie didn't want him to know about her mom.  She didn't want Derek to know about her mom's illegal and disgusting habits.  Or the mostly abusive relationship she had with her only parent.  She didn't want him to know how often they left home because of those things. Especially since he had such a perfect home life.  He wouldn’t understand.
"So, well, do you want to talk about it?  I mean, did she hurt you?" he asked.
"No, she didn't," Julie didn't want to say more, but she could see that he was genuinely concerned.  "She just yelled and threw things this time.  I'd have stayed, but I didn't want Amy there.  Amy's been getting into trouble lately, doing things that are just not like her, and I don't think she needs to be around Mom when Mom is like that."
"I get it.  So you left?”
Julie nodded and ate another fry, waiting for more questions to come.  Questions that she didn't want to answer. But they didn't come. 
He just sat there in companionable silence while she ate another French fry.
"So, um, Marcia said something else.  About blood? And Samantha?"
"Oh, yeah, that was freaky,” She nodded and peeled the plastic lid off of the Styrofoam cup so that she could dunk a fry in. “On the way here, I almost ran over Samantha.  She had gotten this sudden urge to clean the street.”
“Clean the street?” Derek asked, looking amazed and confused.
“Yeah, and it was some sort of a dead animal that she was cleaning off the pavement.  A bird I think.  Roadkill.  And she was cleaning it up.  In her PJs.  In the middle of the road.  At night.”
“Yeah?” he asked, sounding incredulous.
“Yeah.  And when I finally got her attention, she acted all funny, like she was in a daze, and then she insisted again on cleaning up the roadkill.  I had to go knock on her door and her dad came out and dragged her into the house. She had a melt-down. Screaming and crying about cleaning up the mess.  It was really freaky.”
Julie chewed another fry thoughtfully, realizing that it was freaky like Justin’s crazy attempt to help her at the library.  And like the other kids who had pestered her at work so that she would consider letting them help her.
“Colin called me tonight and he was acting strange too.  He wouldn’t say why he didn’t meet me and he was acting all concerned about an assignment that’s due next week. And he was, like, all bent out of shape about it, too.  And going on and on about rules.  Kind of like Justin, earlier.”
Julie threw him a look, arching a brow, “I was just thinking that Samantha had acted like Justin.”
“Do you think there’s something going on?”
“Well, they were acting weird.”
“Yeah, they were.  But Colin?”
“That’s worrying you, isn’t it?  I know you and Colin are close, like me and Marcia.”  Julie hated to think what she’d do without Marcia.  If Derek felt the same about Colin, then he must be worried. 
Derek nodded.
“So, Colin never worries about assignments before they’re due?”  She scooped up more of the Oreo shake with a fry and popped it into her mouth while she waited for an answer, feeling strangely comfortable in his company.
Derek laughed, a short bark of amused derision, “Are you kidding?  No, he doesn’t.  He barely worries about them when he’s late.”
“And rules?  He never worries about those either?”  
“Hardly.  He’s captain of the football team - he practically gets away with murder, so a few little broken rules never bother him.  Ever.  In fact, he almost seems to look forward to breaking a few rules now and then.”
“Oh.”  Julie couldn’t think of anything else to say. It did seem like Colin was acting out of character.  But she didn’t know him, so maybe they were just being paranoid over nothing?  Maybe everything was okay, and Justin and Samantha had just had some kind of psychotic break on the same day that Colin had finally discovered manners and a good study ethic? Very unlikely.
“Yeah, oh.” Derek repeated, looking a little morose.
Julie’s phone rang, and she almost groaned.  What now?  She checked the caller ID. It was Marcia.
“Hey,” Julie answered.  “What’s going on?  You never call this late.”
“Bad news.  You know Melisa, from Chemistry?  She’s been taken to the hospital.  I want to go see her.  Will you give me a ride?”
“Melisa?  What happened?  And it’s the middle of the night. Are you sure they’ll let us in?  What about visiting hours?”
“I talked to her brother. He said that I could see her.   She’s in ICU, Julie. She’s in bad shape.  The doctors don’t know what’s wrong.  She had some kind of a fit. Her brother said she was screaming about rules, just like Justin.”
"Of course I’ll give you a ride.  It will be a few minutes, though, I have to get Amy out of the pool.”
Derek was giving her a look, his eyebrows raised.
“Okay, thanks. My mom said it is okay if I go, and she seemed happy when I said you’d probably give me a ride, like she didn’t feel like getting out of bed -  so no need to worry about that.” There was a pause, and Marcia sniffed.  “She might die, Julie.  Why is all this bad stuff happening?”
Julie swallowed.  Death wasn’t something she thought about a lot.  Most kids her age didn’t die.   But Melissa, in ICU.  After a fit.  About rules.  That was enough to make her start worrying.  A lot.
“I’ll be there as soon as I can. Oh, and Derek’s coming too.”  Julie met his eyes and he nodded.
“Derek?” Marcia asked, a surprised catch in her voice.  “He’s… there?”
“Yeah, he is,” Julie said, filling her voice with meaning.
Marcia’s voice sounded sheepish when she answered, “Okay, then.  See you in a few.  And, thanks!”
“Sure, what are friends for?” Julie took the phone away from her ear, feeling a little stunned.  
“What is it?” Derek asked, moving to sit beside her on the bed.  And strangely, she felt even more comfortable with him closer.  All of the weirdness must be freaking her out more than she thought, if she was starting to feel so comfortable around Derek.
“I think there’s definitely something up.  Melissa McDonald is in ICU.  Marcia said she had some kind of a fit, about rules.”


Chapter Nine
“Is she going to be okay?” Amy asked for what seemed like the tenth time.  
Julie didn’t want to lie to her - Melisa looked bad, and she didn’t know if the girl would be okay - so she just shrugged.
Melisa’s brother, Ted, stood on the other side of Amy, while Marcia and Derek took a turn in the ICU room with his sister.  Since only two people were allowed in at a time, Ted had vacated his space for them.  He leaned over and put his arm around Amy, and she didn’t even seem to notice.   Julie grimaced. Amy must be more concerned than even Julie had imagined if she didn’t notice a boy slinging his arm around her for comfort.
“I don’t know,” he answered Amy, after a long pause when Julie said nothing.  His voice was a harsh whisper.  
Julie glanced at him again, then thought that perhaps the arm around Amy’s shoulder was more to hold him up, rather than to comfort Amy as she’d first thought. The kid looked about ready to drop from stress.  And who wouldn’t in his situation?  If that had been Amy in the hospital bed, instead of Melisa, Julie knew she’d be stressed too.
They all stood there staring through the glass and wire mesh windows that looked into the tiny cubicle serving as an ICU room.  Marcia had taken Melisa’s hand, the one that wasn’t host to an IV, and was rubbing it and leaning close.  Julie was sure that Marcia was talking to Melisa – probably saying something cheerful and uplifting if she knew Marcia, or maybe even praying - but she couldn’t quite tell because a mask covered her friend’s face.  The nurse had insisted that they each wear one before going in, along with a paper apron thing with sleeves and disposable booties.
Derek stood near Marcia, his scowl partially concealed by his mask, looking awkward and out of place.
Melissa looked awful, pale and still in the hospital bed, with wires and tubes strung across her chest and arms connecting her to the various machines around the tiny room.   
Time seemed to stand still as they stood there like that.  Amy sniffled.  Ted sighed.  Marcia’s lips moved silently on and on behind the glass. Derek looked uncomfortable.
Melisa’s mother came back, holding a steaming Styrofoam cup of strong-smelling hospital coffee.   She broke up the silent tableau by rapping lightly on the ICU cubicle’s glass, indicating to Marcia that she’d returned.
Marcia gently placed Melisa’s hand back on the bed, smoothing the sterile white coverlet around her friend before leaving the room.  She had tears in her eyes as she left the cubicle.  Derek was close behind her.  They both removed their masks and the paper gowns and booties that accompanied them, dropping them into a trash can across the hall.
Before Melisa’s mom could don her own mask, booties and gown in order to rejoin Melisa in the cubicle, a doctor appeared around the corner.  
His scrubs looked wrinkled and his face was drawn and tired.
“Mrs. McDonald?  I’m Doctor Hayden.  I wanted to tell you that we’ve gotten a few of the blood and other test results back from the lab,” the doctor paused, looking extremely uncomfortable.
Uh-oh, Julie thought.  An uncomfortable-looking doctor delivering a report from the lab was never good.
“Yes?” Mrs. McDonald prompted.
Ted and Amy stepped closer to hear the news.
“Well, to tell you the truth, I’ve never seen anything like it.  Your daughter has had a stroke, which is very unusual in a girl her age.  But, the most unusual thing is that the damage seems to be repairing itself.  Additionally, your daughter’s blood is…” here the doctor cleared his throat and looked at the floor.  “Well, it is infected with tiny particles that I believe might be nanobots.”
“Nanobots?” Mrs. McDonald asked, incredulous.
“My sister has bots in her blood?” Ted asked.
Derek and Marcia threw each other a look.  Marcia mouthed silently, Nanobots?
“Yes,” the doctor answered.   “It seems that they may have accumulated in a concentrated area in the right hemisphere of the brain – the side that controls cognitive function.  We think that this concentration of particles caused a clog, which in turn, caused a stroke when she became upset.”
“How…?” Mrs. McDonald looked broken, her words trailing off as if she couldn’t finish the thought.
“How did they get there?” the doctor finished her thought for her.  “I was hoping you would know.  Has your daughter received any medical treatment recently?”
“No, no.  She’s really pretty healthy now that she’s older.  She rarely gets sick.   Both she and Ted had problems with hypercoagulation when they were children, but that’s been years.  She hadn’t seen any doctors recently.”
“Um, hmm,” the doctor nodded.  “Hypercoagulation could explain why the particles formed a clot instead of moving through the bloodstream normally.  I think that--” The doctor’s words were interrupted by a monitor beeping shrilly in Melisa’s cubicle.  
Both Mrs. McDonald and the doctor rushed to the girl’s side.
Ted stood outside, looking hopeless.
“It’s okay,” Amy told him, patting him on the shoulder.  “It’s gonna be okay.”
Ted looked at her for a moment, his eyes teary and bloodshot.  He sniffed back the tears, obviously deciding that he needed to ‘man up’ in front of Amy.  
He turned away from the window and swiped his wrist across his eyes.
“Hey, um, want some candy?”  Ted pulled a cellophane-wrapped bundle of Bio Mimic out of his back pocket and offered it to Amy.
“Hey, Ted, where’d you get that?  Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt were handing those out at school today.” Julie asked, curious. Ted was in Amy’s grade, which wasn’t even taught at RHSG, so he couldn’t possibly have gotten it from the class.  It made her remember that her own package was at the hotel, in her backpack, just waiting for her to sample them.
“Oh, Melisa gave it to me.  She said it was incredible and that I had to try it.”
“She did?” Julie was a little amazed.  How could anything two teachers cooked up in a science lab taste incredible?  Julie was dreading tasting them herself.
“Yeah, but I forgot about it until just now.  Um, I thought Amy might be hungry or something.”
Amy smiled at the boy, “No thanks, Ted.  I’m good.  But it was really nice of you to offer.”
Amy had finally noticed the boy’s attention.  It must have been a record, by Julie’s count, because Amy was usually the one to notice all the boys, all the time.
Ted blushed a little then stuffed the candy back in his pocket.
“You want me to go get you a cup of coffee or something?” Amy asked Ted.
It was Ted’s turn to shake his head.  “Nah. If you don’t mind, will you just stay here?  I’m sca-, um, worried, about Melisa.  And you’re good company.”
It was Amy’s turn to blush.  If the situation hadn’t been so serious, Julie thought she might have laughed.  Her outgoing little sister, blushing.  
The beeping alarm in Melisa’s room was finally turned off, and Dr. Hayden was talking seriously with Mrs. McDonald again.  
A moment later, he exited the room.
“I’m sorry, kids,” he told them.  “Until we discover how Melisa became infected with these particles, and determine exactly what they are and how they might be transferred from person to person, we can’t let any more minors into the ICU with her.  You won’t be able to see her again until – I mean if- we move her to another room.”
“But, what about me?” Ted asked.  “She’s my sister!”
Dr. Hayden shook his head, looking saddened but resolute, ”I’m sorry, Ted.  Not even you.”
Ted’s lips firmed into a white line and his face got tight.  Julie wondered if he was going to burst out with a few curse words.  She knew she would have if it was her sister in ICU and the doctor was refusing to let her in again.
“It’s going to be okay, Ted,” Amy repeated, patting Ted’s arm repeatedly.
“I’m sorry,” Dr. Hayden said one last time before turning on his heel and walking briskly down the hall.
Ted seemed to sag when the doctor was gone.  He looked so helpless and defeated that it tugged at Julie’s heart.
 “Strange particles in her blood that could be nanobots? How could that happen?  Especially since she hasn’t seen a doctor lately,” Marcia asked.
“I have no idea.  Nanobots are highly complex.  I didn’t think they were “catchy” or transferable from person to person, but from what the doctor said, I guess they might be.”  Julie mentally sifted through all that she’d read about nanobots used in the medical technology field, thankful once again for the edge that her photographic memory gave her.  From what she remembered, they weren’t a viable treatment for anything yet.  Their programming was not sufficiently developed.  
“But nanobots? Seriously?” Derek asked, looking as stunned as Julie felt.  “Do you think they’re spreading?  Do you think that’s what’s wrong with Justin and Samantha?  And Colin?”
Julie didn’t want to answer him so she hesitated before nodding. “Yeah, I think so.”
Chapter Nine 
The phone rang and Derek pried his eyes open, fighting sleep.  He dug his cell out of his pocket and looked at the display.  It was Colin.
“Hey, Colin, how’s it going?  I’m glad you called, man, I need to talk to you.” 
It was Saturday morning, and he was slouched in an uncomfortable hospital waiting room chair.  The four of them, plus Ted, had spent the rest of the night there while waiting for news concerning Melisa. The place stank faintly of the hospital’s antiseptic and the stale coffee that sat in little discarded Styrofoam cups throughout the room.  It wasn’t the most pleasant place to be on a Saturday morning.
Derek was a little surprised that Colin had called so early, it was barely seven o’clock.  Colin hardly ever got up early on Saturdays.  Derek just shook his head and chalked it up to another thing to add to the weirdness.  
“Hey,” Colin answered back. “Doin’ good, man.  Never felt better, actually.  I just called to ask if you had tried the Bio Mimic that Mr. Awphel gave us?”
“No, I haven’t.  I spent the night in the hospital.  Melisa McDonald has apparently had some sort of stroke.   She’s been in ICU all night.”
“You have got to try the candy, Derek. It is like nothing you’ve ever tasted before.” Colin sounded pumped.   And he’d totally ignored the fact that the girl who sat next to the two of them in Chem class was in the ICU.
“Did you hear what I said about Melisa?” Derek asked, straightening from his slouched position.  Colin was still acting odd.  Derek’s worry for his friend increased.
“Yeah, I heard.  But I mainly called to tell you about the Bio Mimic.  And ask if you’d done the paper yet?”
Derek sighed, feeling impatient with his friend for the first time in a long, long time.  “Don’t you care about Melisa?”
“Sure, sure I care man.  We all need to care more.  I care about the paper too.  And I care about you.  And I think you should try the candy.  Has Julie eaten the candy?”
Colin just wasn’t going to let it go.  Derek sighed heavily. “No, Colin, neither of us have.  But, if it will make you feel better, we’ll both try the candy.  But I don’t have it with me right now.  I’m going to wait for the doctor to see Melisa’s mom this morning, see if there are any new developments, and then I’m taking Julie and Amy back to their room at the Grand State.” 
There was a pause on the line as Colin said nothing. 
“Are you sure you’re feeling okay, you don’t seem like yourself,” Derek asked.  He rubbed his eyes to try to clear their sleepiness away and looked across the small aisle between the seats in the waiting room to where Julie lay.   She was slouched in a chair across from him, sleeping soundly.   She was the reason he’d stayed in the uncomfortable waiting room all night.  If she hadn’t wanted to stay, he’d have gone home hours ago.  There was nothing he could do for Melisa there anyway.  Melisa was still in a coma.  She didn’t even know they were all there.
“Want me to bring you some?” Colin asked.
“What?”
“Candy, man, do you want me to bring you some?”
“Look, what is with you, Colin?   A girl we know is in the hospital and you are worried about candy?  It isn’t like you!”  Derek didn’t understand why Colin was so fixated on the candy, unless what Julie had said was true, and he was infected with nanobots too.  But still, why the candy obsession?  
There was another long pause while Colin said nothing.  Derek started to feel guilty about his outburst.   Colin was his best friend. Derek felt like he should have more patience and maybe cut him a break.
“Look, I’m just tired,” Derek said into the silence.  “I’m sorry.  I’ll try the candy as soon as I get home.”
“Ok,” Colin sounded unfazed by Derek’s outburst. “Just don’t forget.”
Colin hung up and Derek sat there a moment trying to understand what had just happened.  Was Colin really so worried about the candy and the paper about it?  Or was it something more?  Was it that he was infected with nanobots?
“Hey, what’s up?” Amy asked, returning from her trip to the cafeteria with Ted.  “Any news?
“No, the doctor hasn’t been to see Mrs. McDonald yet.”
Amy sighed and flopped down in the chair next to him.   Ted dropped into the chair next to her.
The poor kid looked like a train wreck.  His shirt was rumpled, his eyes red from crying – presumably not in front of Amy – and his face was pale.
“Got any gum?” Amy asked, turning toward Derek.
“Nope, sorry.” Derek shook his head and leaned back in his chair. 
“Here,” Ted said from her other side.  He held out the bag of Bio Mimic from Mr. Awphel’s class to Amy.
Derek was tempted to ask for a piece and get it over with. After all, he’d promised Colin he would as soon as he returned home.  Candy at seven in the morning just didn’t sound appealing though.
Apparently Amy thought so too.  “No thanks,” she told Ted.  “I just want some gum, y’know?  Cuz I didn’t, like, brush my teeth.”
Amy blushed a little.
Ted nodded, seeming unaware that Amy was concerned with the possibility of having bad breath, then stuck his hand in the bag and popped a few of the candies into his mouth.
Derek sat up a little straighter to watch his reaction.  If Colin and Melisa thought the candy was so great, he was curious about what Ted would say.
“Wow,” Ted muttered through a mouthful.  “This is the best thing I’ve ever tasted!”
“Really?” Amy asked, looking doubtful. “A chemistry experiment is the best thing you’ve ever tasted?”
Ted nodded, and tossed another handful of the candy into his mouth, chewing with gusto.  
“Really!” He mumbled through a mouthful.  “Awesome!”
Suddenly, Ted’s eyes flew open wide and he choked a little before going into some kind of fit.
Amy jumped to her feet and yelled “Nurse!” as spittle and bits of half-chewed candy flew out of Ted’s mouth. 
Julie snapped awake with a jerk, almost falling out of her chair.  
Derek saw her eyes round in horror as she saw Ted flopping around in his chair.
Derek jumped to his feet, intending to try to help, but before he could leap over to Ted’s chair, the fit stopped.
Ted blinked, then looked at Amy standing over him.  “What?” 
“You had a… fit, or something,” Amy answered him.
“I did?”
A nurse burst into the waiting room, looking harried.  “What’s going on in here?”
Amy pointed at Ted,  “He had a fit or something.  He was slobbering and shaking all over.”
Ted looked mortified.  “I was?”
Amy nodded.
The nurse moved to lean over Ted.  She grabbed his wrist and took his pulse, while looking carefully into his eyes.
“Ted, got any candy left?” Derek asked, stepping closer.
The nurse threw him a censuring glare, as if to say how can you think about candy if he’s just had a seizure?
“Yeah,” Ted answered tentatively.
“Would you give a piece to the nurse? I think they should take a look at it in the lab.”
“Of course,” Julie muttered. “It’s the candy!”
Derek turned to her.  Her hair was mussed from sleep and she looked cutely bedraggled.  “Yep, I think so. Justin had a similar seizure in the lunchroom earlier.  Right after he ate the candy.”
The nurse tentatively accepted the cellophane wrapped package of candy that Ted handed to her.  “How are you feeling now?”
“Fine. In fact, I feel pretty good.”  Ted sat up straighter in his chair.
“Is this some sort of joke, then?” The nurse asked.  “Because if it is, I am not amused.  This is a hospital.  We do not have time for pranks here.”
“No, it is not a prank!” Amy stepped a little closer to Ted as if to protect him from the nurse’s wrath.  “He really did have a fit.  See?”
Amy pointed to Ted’s rumpled shirt, where a few bits of chewed candy and spit clung to the front.  “There’s some spit right there.  He was slobbering and shaking, just like I said.”
“Gross,” Ted muttered, brushing frantically at the front of his shirt.  
“Well, he seems fine now,” the nurse muttered, still not looking too convinced that she hadn’t just been the victim of a teenager’s prank.
“Can you send the candy to the lab to see if there’s anything wrong with it?  It might help Melisa McDonald. She ate the candy too. And now she’s in a coma.”  Derek asked the nurse.
“Great,” Ted muttered.  “How come I didn’t think of that before I ate it?”
Amy sat next to him and patted his shoulder, “None of us did, until you had your fit.”
“Coma-causing candy?” The nurse asked.  “Highly doubtful!  I don’t have time for this.”
The nurse gave them all a steely-eyed glare and stomped from the room.  But at least she took the Bio Mimic with her.
“Great,” Ted muttered again.
“It will be okay,” Amy told Ted yet again.
Derek hoped she was right.  But, he didn’t think she was.
Chapter Eleven
“Why is it that food tastes so good when you are starving?” Marcia asked through a mouthful of pizza.
“You’re right. This is great,” Derek agreed, grabbing another slice of pizza from the box that was balanced on the nightstand in between the two hotel beds.
After four more hours of waiting at the hospital, the doctor had returned to speak to Mrs. McDonald.   He hadn’t been able to tell her anything new, but he’d recommended a blood transfusion, cautioning Mrs. McDonald that it was purely an experimental effort and might not help at all, since the particles had already invaded Melisa’s brain tissue.
At that point, Ted had gotten very upset, triggering another seizure, from which he did not wake up.   Ted had joined his sister in the ICU, in a bed in the tiny glass cubicle next to hers.
Mrs. McDonald has been inconsolable, and Amy had totally freaked out.  Which was why they were all now back in the hotel room, eating pizza.   Julie had felt it was best to get Amy into a different environment and had finally convinced her sister that they were no help at all to the hospital staff or to Melisa, Ted or Mrs. McDonald.
“It is good,” Amy agreed, chewing half-heartedly on a bite of her own slice.
“The nurse didn’t believe us about the candy,” Derek said.  “I doubt she’ll take any of it to the lab.”
“Well, that just means we’ll have to try to get the candy tested some other way.” Marcia said, in her usual unflaggingly upbeat manner.
“I think we should let everyone know that they shouldn’t eat the candy first,” Julie said. 
“I agree,” Marcia put her pizza on a napkin resting atop her knee and pulled her phone from her pocket.  “In fact, now would be a good time for that. I wish we’d thought of that earlier.”
“That’s a good idea.  We should tell everyone so that no one else gets hurt.” Amy crammed the last bite of her pizza into her mouth and pulled out her cell phone too.
“O! M! G!” Marcia shrieked, jumping up off the bed.
Startled, Julie jumped and about fell off of the bed. Derek reached out a hand to steady her and she gave him a quick smile of thanks.  
“What, Marica?” she asked.
“I have a ton of texts!  Almost every single person I have as a contact has texted me – and they all say about the same thing!”
“What?” Amy asked.
“Try the candy. It’s great,” Marcia answered, looking truly horrified. 
Julie stared at her, dumbfounded, then pulled out her own phone to check for messages. Beside her, Derek did the same.
“Me too. I have a bunch of messages telling me to try it,” Julie mumbled.   
“Same here.  I must have twenty messages from Colin alone, asking if I’d tried it yet.  I promised him I would.” Derek flipped his phone closed.
“You didn’t!” Julie gaped at him.
“Well, I’m not going to. I just told him that before Ted ate the candy.” Derek patted her shoulder.  “Don’t worry, I’m not going to try it now, or anytime soon, either.”
“I just got a message back from Karen,” Amy said. “I texted her not to eat the candy because it could make her have seizures, but she sent a nasty message back saying that I’m a liar and the candy is good.” 
“Like, how nasty?” Marcia asked, leaning closer to Amy so she could read the text.
After a pause, in which Amy held the phone closer to Marcia so that she could read the message, Marcia sat back, looking stunned.  “Wow.  That really is nasty. Is she usually like that?”
“No.”  Amy looked upset again.
“This is all too weird,” Julie muttered.  
“Yeah, who would have thought?  Why would Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt hand out bot candy to their students?”
Suddenly, it made a freaky kind of sense to Julie and she gasped in shock.  “They’re trying to control our minds and behavior!  Mrs. Mewt!  Think about it, what is she always saying about rules?”
“You’re right,” Marcia agreed.  “She’s always going on about how important it is to follow the rules.”
“And Mr. Awphel, he’s a neat freak, always complaining about how none of the students ever help clean up after class!” Julie said.
“So, you think that your teachers got together, programmed some nanobots to make the kids act like they wanted, put them in some candy, then handed the candy out for a class assignment so that everyone would eat it?” Amy asked.
“Sounds crazy, huh?” Derek asked.
“Yeah, crazy, but just like something some control-freak teachers would do -  I mean, if they could.  They’d like for us all to act like little zombies and do whatever they wanted.” Amy sounded a little bitter and Julie wondered for a moment what had happened.  Her sister used to like school.
But she was right.  Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt were control freaks. And they would like it if all students followed the rules like mindless zombies.
“You’re right.  But, how?” Derek asked.  “Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt would have to be borderline geniuses to create nanobots in the school labs – even with the advanced equipment that they got with the Medical Technologies grant this year.”
“They’re not geniuses, though.  They’re just high school teachers. If they were geniuses, would they really be teaching high school?  Maybe they had help?” Marcia suggested as she snagged another piece of pizza from the box and took a bite.
“Who would help them do this?” Julie couldn’t believe that anyone else, especially someone brilliant enough to make nanobots, would want to infect the students at RHSG.  There were rules to science experiments – protocols to be followed.   Good scientists knew that.  They wouldn’t just go infecting a bunch of students like lab rats in a laboratory.  Would they?
“Know any mad scientist types?” Derek asked.  “I mean, besides Mr. A and Mrs. M?”
“Maybe whoever helped them didn’t know they’d do this?” Marcia added.  
“Always looking on the bright side, huh, Marcia?” Julie smiled at her friend.  Marcia truly was amazing.  How could there possibly be a bright side to teachers using their students as a lab experiment?  “That’s what I love about you!  And I think you’re right. I was reading up on Cornell’s Microbiology curriculum, and I remember reading some things about how nanobots are now being used in testing to correct and even change bits of genetic code in order to correct genetic diseases.  The article mentioned a professor at Cornell who has offered to help High School Science teachers get students interested in nanotechnologies of this sort by donating nanobots to be studied in class.  I remember that part in particular.” 
Amy snorted, “You remember everything you read, Julie!”
Julie felt herself blush.  Derek didn’t know about her photographic memory. 
“You do?” Derek asked.
“Yeah, she’s got a photographic memory,” Marcia seemed extremely happy to add that little tidbit to the conversation.  “Didn’t I ever tell you that?  Julie is a-MAZ-ing that way.”
Derek smiled.  “Is that so?”
“Enough about that,” Julie interrupted, embarrassed.  “Let’s focus on the nanobots and the professor at Cornell. And we need to try to reach everyone who might not have eaten the candy yet, and stop them.  Who knows what will happen if kids keep eating that stuff?” Julie stood up and began to pace as she thought out a plan. “Marcia, if you and Amy could start calling and try to call every kid you know, and have them call every kid they know, maybe we can stop at least a few kids from eating it.  Derek and I will try to find out if there is a way to get in touch with that professor and see if there is an antidote.”
“An antidote for bots?” Amy asked, looking doubtful.
“You never know,” Derek said, shrugging.
“Well, if not an antidote, then a way to deactivate them,” Julie said.
“We’ll have to hurry, Julie.  I have lots more texts already. Looks like half the school must’ve tried the candy by now.” Marcia told them. 
“Great, just what this city needs, a bunch of mind-controlled zombies!” Amy chimed in sarcastically.
“Well…” A pounding knock sounded at the hotel door, interrupting Julie.  She frowned.   “Who knows we’re here besides your parents?” she asked Derek and Marcia.
Derek shrugged.  Marcia held her hands up as if to say who knows?
Julie sighed and marched to the door, Derek following right behind her.
“Room service!” a voice announced from outside the door.
Julie yanked open the door, “We didn’t order any room service.”
“I know,” said the rough looking teenager standing in the hallway. Julie thought she’d seen him before on the football team. He was big and muscular, with a linebacker’s shoulders and a scowl to rival Derek’s.  Before she could think of what to say to him, he grabbed her roughly by the arm and dragged her out into the hall.
“Hey!” Derek shouted, grabbing her other arm to pull her back into the room.
While the two proceeded to have a tug of war with her body, Julie tried to help yank her arm away from the football player.
Derek seemed to recognize the guy, “Brian, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?”
But Brian ignored the question, yanking so hard on Julie’s arm that he managed to snatch her out of Derek’s grasp.  She felt herself quickly flipped around so that her back was against Brian’s muscular front.  A second later, his hand locked around her throat, pressing her head back against his muscle-packed pecs.  His fingers pried at her jaw, and out of the corner of her eye, she could see that he was fumbling with something in the pocket of his jeans with his other hand. 
Adrenaline pounded through her. What was he doing?
Julie reached up to claw at the arm that held her in place and at the same time stomped on the toes of his right foot as hard as she could. The guy didn’t budge.  He didn’t even grunt.
Derek launched himself at the Brian just as Brian brought his other hand up and tried to force a small, pearl-like object into her mouth.
She compressed her lips tightly, locking her jaw against the intrusion of his hard fingers.  She felt her lip split as he pressed the object hard against her mouth.
“Eat it,” the linebacker hissed in her ear just as Derek landed a hard punch to the guy’s face. 


Chapter Twelve 
“Derek, that was one cool move!” Amy marveled as she stood looking down at the unconscious guy on the floor of the hotel hallway.  She turned and grinned up at him, “I didn’t know you had it in you!”
“I think he’s really out, Derek.  Do you think he’ll be okay after a punch like that?” Marcia was crowded into the doorway behind Amy, also looking down at the guy on the floor.
Derek knew it was in Marcia’s nature to be concerned about everyone, but he couldn’t stop the derisive snort that escaped him,  “Who cares if he’s okay?  He was hurting Julie!”
“But, he’s obviously a victim too!” Marcia said, practically wringing her hands in agitation.   “He must’ve eaten the Bio Mimic.”
“Well, I’m glad you punched him, Derek.”  Amy said, giving Marcia a look of censure.  “I don’t want anyone force-feeding my sister bot candy, even if they don’t know what they’re doing.”
Derek couldn’t have agreed more.  
Julie still hadn’t said anything.   She was leaning against the doorjamb of the open hotel door, just staring at the kid on the floor while she absently rubbed her split lip with a fingertip.  Derek couldn’t tell if she was freaked out, or just deep in thought. 
He tried not to think of how much worse Brian could have hurt her.  He wasn’t happy about the split lip, but at least he’d managed to stop the guy before anything worse had happened.
He stepped a little closer to her and slung his arm around her shoulders, pulling her in close against his side.  She didn’t resist.  In fact, she slowly brought her arm up around his waist and snuggled in under his arm, returning his embrace.
Derek tried to hide his grin, knowing it was just wrong to feel like smiling after she’d just been attacked - again.   Still, he couldn’t help but think how ironic it was that perhaps all he’d needed to do to get closer to Julie was to knock a guy out.  Who knew?
“I didn’t mean it like that, and you know it,” Marcia sounded a little defensive now.  “I just don’t want him to die or anything, just because he ate some stupid candy that Mrs. Mewt gave him.”
“Have you all considered that we are in serious trouble here?” Julie said, breaking her silence.
He felt a little shiver go through her body, and he hugged her tighter to his side as he realized that she was right.  
“He came here to make me eat the candy,” she gestured to the guy on the floor “How many texts have you gotten from kids telling you to eat the candy?  A lot!  Everyone who has eaten the candy and knows that we haven’t done the same is now a threat to us - if we can judge by this guy’s behavior, that is.  I don’t even know him.  How did he know I was even here, or that I hadn’t eaten it?”
Derek couldn’t help but think about Colin.  Brian was on the football team with Colin.  They were buddies.  “Colin knew.  He knew I was going to bring you back to the hotel, and he knew that we hadn’t eaten the candy.”
And he’d even told Colin the name of the hotel.  
It was hard for Derek to imagine his best friend betraying him like that though.   But if the nanobots were infecting Colin’s brain, he guessed anything was possible.
“You think Colin is infected?”  Marcia whispered, appalled.  “That’s just awful.”
She paused, looking at Brian laid out on the floor. “We have to get out of here,” Marcia said after a moment, looking scared.  “But where will be go?  Lots of kids know where we all live!”
“We’ll go to Mr. Sterling.  He’ll help us,” Julie answered.
“Your student counselor? Why would we go to him?” Derek asked.
She pushed herself out from under his arm and looked up at him, and he immediately missed the warmth of her body next to his.  “Because, he’s been helping me try to get into Cornell, so maybe he can help us talk to the professor who is loaning out nanobots from there?”
Amy gave Julie a sharp look, “Cornell?  For next year?  This is the first I’ve heard of it.”
Julie sighed, “Don’t be that way, Amy.  I’m not going to go and leave you behind.  I was going to tell you if and when it became a sure thing.”
Amy still looked doubtful.   And angry.
“I’m going to drag Brian inside before anyone sees him and asks what’s going on.  The nurse at the hospital didn’t believe us, and I doubt anyone else will either.”  Derek interrupted them, before Amy could launch into her usual drama.  He bent to grab Brian’s legs and pulled, sliding the his body across the carpet.  The guy was heavy, and Derek was thankful for his own bulk, otherwise he’d have never managed to drag Brian’s dead weight into the room.
Julie shut the door behind him after he’d dragged Brian through it.   Still feeling a bit resentful of the fact that the guy had hurt Julie, Derek dropped Brian’s legs roughly, letting the linebacker’s sneaker-clad feet hit the floor with a thud, and then left him lying on the carpeted floor.  No need to make him more comfortable in a bed.  Not after he’d split Julie’s lip and tried to infect her with nanobots.
Marcia and Amy sat down in the chairs by the little table next to the sliding glass doors in the back of the hotel room.   They’d drawn the curtains over the large expanse of glass to prevent anyone from seeing him drag a body into the room, which had been quick thinking on their part.
Amy still wore a scowl, her eyes following Julie angrily around the room. Derek was thankful that she remained silent while she glared, he didn’t feel like listening to a tirade from an adolescent drama queen.  If he were honest, he’d have to admit that he’d developed a certain fondness for Amy since he’d been forced to hang around her if he wanted to be near Julie, maybe like he’d feel about a younger sister if he had one himself.  While he was fond of her, he was not so fond of her drama.  He’d never really had a fondness for drama of any kind.  That’s just another reason he liked Julie.  She was as far from a drama queen as girls got.
“Amy, can you pack up your bag quickly?  I think we should get out of here as soon as we can,” Julie had picked up her sister’s bag from where it had been tossed on the floor and now held it out to the younger girl.
Amy bounced from her chair, giving Julie a look, and snatched the bag from her hand, “No problem.”
Derek heard Julie heave another long-suffering sigh, “Amy, if you need to talk about this thing right now, we can do that, but I’d just as soon you take my word for it that everything is going to be okay if and when I go to Cornell, and leave it at that.  We have more important things to deal with right now.”
For a moment, Derek thought Amy might have a screaming fit.  Her lips compressed into a thin line as she glared at her sister, and her cheeks flooded with color.  But then he saw her gaze stop on her sister’s face, taking in the blood leaking from her split lip and the red marks on her jaw.  He saw Amy’s gaze fall to where Brian lay on the floor, then dart back to Julie’s face.   
Amy swallowed visibly, her face softening, “You’re right Jules.  This isn’t the right time.   I’ll trust you on the Cornell thing – you usually do take pretty good care of me, so why should I start doubting you now?”
Julie looked stunned at her sister’s words, and even more shocked when Amy stepped forward and hugged her tightly, then stepped back and gently touched her split lip.  “I’m sorry he hurt you.  I’m glad Derek clobbered him.”
Julie’s lips turned up into a tiny smile, and she glanced at him.   There was something new in her gaze when she looked at him this time.  Something like gratitude, and if he was lucky, perhaps even the smallest hint of affection.  Her normal reserve was gone.   
Still holding his eyes, she smiled wider and said, “I am too.  And I didn’t even say thanks.”
“No need to,” he mumbled, feeling a little out of his element.   He wasn’t used to Julie paying so much attention to him, she usually ignored him or froze him out.  This new thing he felt from her was going to take a little getting used to.  But he was going to enjoy every minute of it.
“I need to call my parents and tell them I won’t be home.   Can I tell them I’m spending the night with you, Jules? Maybe here at the hotel so they won’t freak?”  Marcia asked, effectively breaking the moment he was having with Julie.
“Sounds good,” Julie answered as she turned away from Derek to help Amy gather her things.
“I don’t think any of us should go home,” Derek told them all.
“Not a problem with me,” Julie answered.  “But were do you think we’ll go until we talk to Mr. Sterling?”
“My parents have a cabin at Lake Kanopolis that we use for our summer vacations.  How does that sound?” 
“It would be okay if we use it?” Julie asked.  Then grinned, “You know, we don’t want to break any rules.”
“That’s not funny, Jules,” Marcia said.
“It would be okay, but I don’t think we should ask.” Derek answered.  “If we are going to stay under the radar, we’ll have to keep to ourselves and not tell anyone where we are.”
“But what about school on Monday?” Marcia asked.  “We can’t just not go.  We have to talk to Mr. Sterling.”
Julie shrugged, “Then we’ll just have to figure out how to act like we are infected.”
“I wouldn’t mind not going to school,” Amy interjected.  “I’m all finished with my bag, we can go now.”
“Are we just going to leave him lying there like that?” Marcia asked.  “What if he doesn’t wake up?”
“If it makes you feel better, I’ll drag him back out into the hall so someone can find him,” Derek offered, grinning at her over the ridiculousness of it all.  He’d never be able to figure out why Marcia cared so much about other people. Especially if it was a person like Brian.
“Thanks,” Marcia told him, a hint of sarcasm in her voice as she stepped over Brian’s head and made her way to the door.  Julie and Amy followed close behind her, leaving him to deal with Brian’s limp body.
As Derek grabbed Brian’s legs and hauled him back into the hallway, a trail of pearl-like Bio Mimic spilled out of his pocket onto the floor, along with a crumpled up paper with a scrawled list of names. Derek’s name, second on the list after Julie’s, jumped out at him.  
He picked up the list and showed it to the girls.  “It looks like we are all on the list.  Julie and I are first.  Amy is third. Marcia is fourth.  And there are ten other names as well.”
Julie’s lips tightened into a thin line and she nodded.
“And the worst part?” Derek said.  “The worst part is, this is Colin’s handwriting.”



Chapter Thirteen
“What do you suppose went wrong with the McDonald children?” Mrs. Mewt asked as she peered at Mr. Awphel over the top of her thick black-framed glasses.
“My source inside the hospital told me that they have had hypercoagulation issues since early childhood.”
“Yes, yes, that makes sense,” Mrs. Mewt nodded her head.   
“Acceptable losses,” Mr. Awphel muttered.
“Oh?  Have they died, then?  I thought they were simply in a coma.”  Mrs. Mewt typed a few more lines of code into her computer before glancing over at Mr. Awphel again.
“No, no, they’re still with us, but, let’s face it, chances are slim that they’ll come out of the coma.  According to my source the nanobots, combined with the McDonalds’ hypercoagulation tendencies, have caused particulate masses to form in their brains.  These masses will most assuredly cause additional strokes soon if the nanobots are not flushed from their systems or disabled. And, since we have not perfected our removal procedure, and we do not intend to disable them, there’s little hope of that happening.”  Mr. Awphel’s emotionless voice held no concern for the McDonald children.
Mrs. Mewt could not admit to feeling any herself.  Both of the McDonald children were average students academically at best, at worst they were mediocre.  And, behaviorally, they were both a little wild, always breaking the rules.   They were a bit messy in their appearance, too.  She had no idea how they’d managed to get into a school for the gifted.  She could certainly see why Mr. Awphel showed no concern over their possible loss.  Their demise would be no great loss to the school, or to society as a whole –at least not that she could foresee.
She shook her head and cleared her thoughts of the McDonald children, silently agreeing with Mr. Awphel.  Acceptable losses.  Especially when one considered what a monumental breakthrough had been made.  There were so many uses for behavior-modifying nanobots that the possibilities were practically endless! Who in the scientific community would miss two rule-breaking, sloppy teenagers?  No one!  Not that anyone in the scientific community was going to find out about their little experiment – they weren’t – but if they did, she didn’t think anyone would care about any minor collateral damage that they had incurred while developing their extraordinary medical technology.
“I have the coding correctly modified to interact with your wireless delivery system.  Do you have the system ready yet?” she asked Mr. Awphel.
“Yes, yes.  Just one minor adjustment in the control chip and I think I’ll have successfully enabled it to transmit your code to the nanobots.  There is, however, one caveat.  The range is considerably diminished with my modifications.  We will only be able to modify the code of those nanobots within fifteen feet of the wireless access point.  Essentially, only affecting those students in our classrooms.”   Mr. Awphel answered.
“Hmm. That is a conundrum, considering that, by my estimation, the number of those who have consumed the Bio Mimic has risen considerably from my first estimation.  Another factor that I didn’t consider was the sharing of the candy with younger and older siblings.  I only included the directive that disallowed sharing with adults in the community.   The fact that they’ve begun sharing, and even actively encouraging other students to eat the candy has allowed our test subject area and age group to extend beyond the high school.”
Mr. Awphel chuckled, a dry rusty sound that she heard infrequently, “Yes, I heard about how some of the infected students are encouraging others.  I think that perhaps you simply underestimated the appeal of your candy, m’dear.  No harm done there.   In fact, our test pool will be considerably larger if we can manage to infect as many students as possible.”
“That’s an interesting consideration.  Perhaps we should widen our initial test pool?  If we could manage to get nanobots inside every child in the city, just think what we could accomplish.”  Mrs. Mewt tapped her finger against her bottom lip as she considered this, then adjusted her glasses higher up on the bridge of her nose and stared across the lab table at Mr. Awphel. “Yes, yes, I think that, in order for our experiment to come to a full completion, we really must consider introducing nanobots to every school-aged child in the community.”
“Wonderful idea, my dear colleague!  But, do your really think that is possible?”  
With the way that Mr. Awphel’s eyes were sparkling at the idea, one would think he’d just received an announcement that he’d won the lottery. 
She smiled at the thought.   Ironically, their research would possibly allow them to accomplish something similar.  With the money that they would make from the sale of the patents of the behavior modifying nanobots, they’d be richer than the richest lottery winner.  And respected!  Respected like no lucky lottery winner ever would be.  Because they would have earned their respect, not won it through a game of chance.   “Yes, Mr. Awphel, my dear colleague, I do.”
“Won’t the parents begin to suspect if we suddenly manufacture candy for all of the younger children?” Mr. Awphel asked.
“No, not if their siblings and friends give it to them, they won’t.  Which is why we need to be able to modify the subjects’ behavior further by means of your wireless device.    The original directives contained in the nanobot programming are no longer sufficient for our purposes – we now need to be able to program the subjects to do specific tasks, such as recruiting others to help share the Bio Mimic.  Those of our choosing.”
“Yes, yes!” Mr. Awphel clapped his hands together, delightedly grinning at her, and she couldn’t help but think how attractive the man was with his slicked back hair, neat bow tie and large, intense eyes glowing with fervor for their endeavor.  “We can program them to do anything!  Infect anyone!”
“Yes, we can.   But what about the detection system you were working on, is it ready as well?”
“Yes, I finished it this morning.  It can detect whether the subject is host to nanobots or not. It works by picking up the frequency of the wireless signal that the nanobots are constantly transmitting.   Ingenious if I do say so myself – the same signal that transmits the data that we need to complete our research will also now serve as a means of detection.  It will receive the signal from the same access point, although I fear it might be limited to the same fifteen-foot area at this point.  I will work on a handheld device to increase range and portability.”
“Excellent, Mr. Awphel.  Just excellent!” Mrs. Mewt resisted the urge to hug the man.  It just wasn’t every day that one found a man like Mr. Awphel – a man who’s thought processes and love of science and technology equaled her own.  In fact, she’d never met another man like him.  Ever.  She sighed in bliss.  The things they would accomplish together would be monumental!   She couldn’t wait to stand on stage at Mr. Awphel’s side and accept the Nobel Prize.   And they would win it.   After their research on the students was finished, she was sure they would.  Of course, for them to receive their accolades, no one could know about their unauthorized experiment.  “One more thing, Mr. Awphel.  How will we prevent the hospital from sharing the knowledge that the McDonald children are infected with our nanobots?”
“Don’t worry another minute about it, m’dear.   I’ve talked with our benefactor, and he has that all taken care of.   Soon, no evidence of the nanobots there will exist at all.”
Mrs. Mewt smiled at him.  He was such a gem of a man!  So thoughtful and ingenious!  He had thought of everything.
She clapped her hands together in delight, “We’ll be able to start scanning the students first thing Monday morning.”
“And if they’re not infected and consistently refuse to eat your delightful candy,” Mr. Awphel held up a capped syringe containing a bright orange liquid. “Then there are always other means of getting them to cooperate.”
“Excellent,” she repeated.  “Just excellent!”



Chapter Fourteen
“It’s true, Mr. Sterling,” Julie told the man, who was sitting at his desk with his mouth half-open, staring at the three of them as if they’d lost their minds.
Another long moment of silence followed while Mr. Sterling remained absolutely quiet.
Derek cleared his throat.  Marcia fidgeted, shifting from side to side.
Julie withdrew her cellophane packet of candy from a side pocket of her backpack and placed it on Mr. Sterling’s desk.  “Here’s proof, if you need it.   This is what they’re using to infect the students.”
Mr. Sterling sighed and reached forward to take the packet from her, “Julie, these accusations are serious!   You want me to believe that Mrs. Mewt and Mr. Awphel, two of our most respected teachers, are experimenting on the students by infecting them with behavior-modifying nanobots?   You know as well as I do that nanobots are still years away from being useful to the medical community in that capacity!   Why would two teachers – teachers who are charged with nurturing and teaching the students no less – purposefully infect the students with an experimental medical technology?”
Julie opened her mouth to tell him that yes, that was exactly what was happening, but he took a deep breath and continued before she could speak.
 “And they’re doing it all this with candy?  Candy that they cooked up in their lab?”
He glanced at the candy in the cellophane, then tossed the package on his desk and sat back in his chair.  “Julie, the notion is ridiculous.  I’d expect more from you, too.  Accusations like these against the staff will not help you gain admittance into Cornell!”
Before he could interrupt her again, Julie cut him off, “I thought you might say that, Mr. Sterling, although I’d hoped you would just take our word for it.”
Julie quickly swung her backpack down off of her shoulder and smacked it down on top of the man’s desk.  She withdrew a microscope – the one she usually kept at home, locked up in her room, secretly stashed away from her mother who would no doubt try to hock it to get drug money.   The microscope had cost a lot, but Julie had scrimped and saved to buy it, and she’d never been sorry.   Having her own microscope had allowed her to further her Science studies beyond the classroom instruction her classmates received.  Now, she was even more grateful she’d purchased it.  It might very well help save all of their lives.  And her mother hadn’t even noticed when she’s snuck home late last night to retrieve it.
She carefully unwrapped the microscope from the protective cloth she’d stored it in and pushed it across the desk towards Mr. Sterling.  “Do you have any latex or nitrile gloves, Mr. Sterling?  We’ll need them before we touch the candy after I cut it open.  I’m pretty sure that the infection can only occur if the candy is eaten, and not through skin contact – since Brian smashed one against my lip and I didn’t get infected.  But it wouldn’t hurt to be certain.   Gloves should protect us from infection via skin contact.”  
“I think I have some in the first aide kit that the nurse provided me with,” he bent and rummaged through his bottom desk drawer, finally withdrawing the first aid kit.  He set it on his desk, rifled through it, and managed to find two sets of sterile gloves.  He kept one set for himself and handed the other to her.  
“I’ll need that scalpel there, too,” Julie pointed to the plastic-encased scalpel in the first aid kit.  “I’ll need to take a scraping from the candy’s core, since I doubt that the nanobots are contained in the outside coating.”
Mr. Sterling gave her a doubtful look, but he handed her the scalpel anyway.  She snapped the gloves onto her hands, grabbed the bag of candy and carefully took out one piece.   She rolled it between her fingers and looked closely at it, “You know, I never noticed, but these are really quite pretty, aren’t they?”
Marcia stepped closer, “It almost looks like a real pearl, doesn’t it?  How did they get it to be iridescent like that?”
“Be careful with that,” Derek cautioned, scowling again.
Julie couldn’t help but smile at his overprotectiveness.   Did he think she was going to accidentally eat the candy?  She threw him a look over her shoulder, “I will, don’t worry.”
She held the candy out closer to Mr. Sterling, “Have you ever seen any candy that looks like this, Mr. Sterling?  Isn’t it obvious that this isn’t something we got at the store?”
Mr. Sterling frowned, “I’m not doubting that they could have made the candy in their lab, Julie, I’m doubting that they could have made millions of functioning behavior-modifying nanobots!”
“Well, let’s just see then,” Julie placed the candy on the hard surface of his desk and carefully scraped off the iridescent coating with the scalpel, then cut into the core.  “Derek, will you hand me one of my glass slides and a cover slip?  They’re in my backpack in a small pink plastic case.”
Derek rifled through the backpack and then handed her a slide and coverslip.  She was careful to take the fragile glass objects from him without touching his skin, since she’d already touched the candy with her gloves.  She was just starting to allow herself to like Derek, it would be awful if he were infected now, especially if she were responsible.
Bending back over the desk, she scraped a bit of the inside of the candy onto the slide, then carefully topped it with the cover slip.   She pulled the microscope closer, turned it on, and positioned the slide.  Leaning over, she peered into the microscope and adjusted it until it was focused correctly.  Even expecting to see the nanobots on the slide did not prepare her for the actuality of them and she couldn’t help but gasp when she saw them.  They were incredible!   Truly incredible.
Derek shifted closer, and she could feel his warmth pressing up against her back.  “What?  Aren’t they there?”
“Yes, they’re there,” she straightened, snapped the gloves off of her hands and pushed the microscope across the desk, motioning for Mr. Sterling to take a look. 
He peered into the eyepiece for a moment, then looked back at her incredulously.  “They really are there!”
“Yes,” Julie nodded, pulling her microscope back across the desk so Derek could take a look at the nanobots.
“And you say that they are fully functioning?” Mr. Sterling asked.
Julie nodded, “Apparently, they appear to be able to adjust the behavior of the infected kids.   Justin, Samantha and Brian all did things out of character for them.  Derek says his friend Colin isn’t acting like himself, either. And Melisa and Ted McDonald are in a coma in the hospital.”
Mr. Sterling sat up straighter in his chair, “Yes, I was told about that.  You think it is because of the nanobots?  And Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt are responsible?”
She nodded, “Yes.”
“Look at these, Marcia,” Derek motioned Marcia closer so she could look into the microscope.  She approached cautiously, as if she thought they might jump off of the slide and somehow infect her. 
“Julie, do you realize how serious this is?” Mr. Sterling asked, giving her a hard stare.
She nodded, “Yes, Mr. Sterling, that’s why we came to you.  You might be the only one we can trust.  And I need you to help me.  I need to talk to a professor at Cornell.  I read an article that said he ‘loaned’ out nanobots to Science teachers so that students could look at them.   Like the rest of the world, his nanobots are virtually non-functioning, but I think he might be able to help us anyway.  He understands nanobots.  I need to ask him if there’s anything we can do to remove them, or deactivate them.”
Mr. Sterling nodded, and she smiled.  He was going to help them.
“What’s the professor’s name?” he asked.


Chapter Fifteen 
“Okay, so we just act strange and follow every rule, and tell every kid we run into how great the candy is?” Marcia asked, pausing just in front of the door that led out into the hallway from Mr. Sterling’s office, looking like she would burst into tears at any minute.  “I don’t know if I can lie like that.  And what if I tell someone who hasn’t eaten the candy how great it is, and they are infected because of me?”
Derek patted her shoulder in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. “If Amy can pull it off at her school, you can do it here.  Just be yourself, Marcia.  You never break any rules anyway!”
Julie nodded and then hugged Marcia, “Don’t be nervous, Marsh.   Amy sent me a text and it is working like a charm for her.  She said that whenever a kid asks her if she’s tried the candy, she just goes on and on about how great it is.  That’s been working for her.  It will work for us too.”
“So, you think that the only kids who will ask me about it are the ones who have already eaten it?” Marcia asked.
Derek nodded, “Makes sense, doesn’t it?”
“I guess so, but this is going to be so hard.  I’m not good at lying.  We should have stayed at the cabin.   We should have stayed away from school.”
“We needed to talk to Mr. Sterling,” Julie reminded her.
Marcia nodded, looking miserable, “I know, I just don’t want to end up like Samantha, cleaning gory goo off of the roads.  Or worse, like Melisa, in a coma.”
“I know,” Julie hugged Marcia again.  “I know you don’t, Marsh.  And you won’t.  Do you really think that if I thought there was any other way to pull this off, I’d have let Amy go to school today?”
Marcia bit her lip, “I guess not.”
“We have to act like we’re infected,” Derek told her, keeping his voice low. “If we convince the others that we’ve eaten the candy, then they should stop coming after us.”  He gave her what he hoped was a reassuring grin, “And I can stop beating people up. I know you hate that.”
She sniffed and nodded, “I do.  I do hate that.”
“One more thing before we go to class,” Julie’s expression was serious as she looked into Marcia’s face.  “Amy told me in her texts that she learned the infected kids are somehow prevented from sharing the candy with any adults.  So, make sure you don’t say anything about sharing the candy to anyone other than other kids, okay?”  
“Okay,” Marcia nodded.
“Remember, we’ll all meet back here in Mr. Sterling’s office at lunch.  That will give him enough time to get in touch with the professor at Cornell, and give us enough time try to convince as many kids as possible that we are infected,” Derek reminded them both.   He stepped closer to Julie and slung his arm around her shoulders, still trying to get used to the fact that she willingly let him touch her without protesting.   Pushing boundaries, he leaned down and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.  “And be careful.”
She looked surprised at his kiss, but not offended, and she didn’t push him away.  Instead, she paused for a second, looking into his eyes, then, to his surprise, she leaned up to quickly brushed her lips back against his.  Just a quick glide of her lips over his, that was all, but it changed his whole perspective.   
“You be careful too,” she said.
“C’mon, you two,” Marcia groaned.  “I’m glad you are finally like...” she waved her hands around and rolled her eyes at them, “...y’know.  But we have other things to think about right now.  Like, um, dying.”
“Yeah,” Derek said, his voice a croak, emotions bottled up in his throat.  “Yeah, I guess we do.”  
But he just stood there for a moment staring at Julie. 
And she stared back.
“Guys!” Marcia hissed.
Julie grinned widely at him, and the moment was broken.  Just like that.
He blinked and then straightened, “So, everyone ready for this?”

****
“The scanner is working perfectly!” Mrs. Mewt told Mr. Awphel.  “It has already revealed twelve students from my classes who are not infected.”
“Mine is functioning as well,” Mr. Aphel said.  “I’ve added fourteen students to my uninfected list so far.”
“And,” Mrs. Mewt lowered her voice and sidled closer to him so that there was no possibility of being overheard by the three teachers on the other side of the large staff lounge.  “How did the wireless behavior modification go?  And who did you target?”
Mr. Awphel’s voice was low when he answered, and he raised his coffee mug close to his lips to hide them from the other teachers when he spoke, “It appears to be working.  I modified the code of the nanobots inside Justin and Colin.  They seemed to respond well, because they waited until after class to approach me and ask for their instructions.  I split the list of my uninfected students in half, gave them each seven names and seven prepared syringes.   Those who have refused to eat the candy should be host to their own little group of nanobots by the end of the day.”
Mrs. Mewt grinned at him, “Delightful, Mr. Awphel.  Simply delightful.   I’ll give you my list at the end of the day.”
“We are going to need more syringes,” Mr. Awphel whispered.
“I’ll see to it,” she whispered back.
“Oh, and one more thing,” Mr. Awphel stepped closer, until his shoulder touched hers.   “I’ve made an additional modification to Justin’s nanobots.”
“Oh?” Mrs. Mewt whispered, intrigued.
“Yes, he’s now our little spy.  He will be listening for any news that any of the other staff members may have found out about our experiment.”
Mrs. Mewt nodded.  The man was so clever.  She would never have thought of creating a student spy.  “Excellent idea, Mr. Awphel, we cannot be too careful at this delicate stage.”
He nodded, smiling slightly.   “There’s more.”
“Yes?” she asked breathlessly.  This just kept getting better and better.  
“He’s already reported back.  It appears as though Mr. Sterling has been told about the Bio Mimic and the nanobots.”
Chapter Sixteen
Justin crept up behind Mr. Sterling and stabbed the needle into his neck, just exactly where Mr. Awphel had said it should go, and pushed down the plunger.  
“What the…?” Mr. Sterling growled, turning around swiftly, his eyes widening in surprise as he saw Justin standing behind him, one hand still held aloft with the empty syringe.  “What did you do, Justin?  What was in that?”
Justin said nothing, his mind felt all jumbled up, a mess of directives and compulsions so strong that he couldn’t resist and a hot, foreign feeling like bugs moving around in his skull.  A tiny part of his mind, a very tiny part that still felt like him, struggled so speak, to tell Mr. Sterling he was sorry and he didn’t want to do it, but the directives and subsequent compulsions overpowered that tiny part, keeping him silent, his eyes staring straight into Mr. Sterling’s.
The man suddenly gasped, his eyes widening before they rolled back in his head.  He collapsed on the shiny, newly waxed tile floor at Justin’s feet.  
Justin stood there as the man thrashed about, obviously in the throes of a massive seizure.   The tiny part of his brain where his own self still existed desperately wanted to apologize for the pain he had caused, to call for help, to bend down and stop Mr. Sterling’s head from bashing against the hard floor, but that part was again overruled with directives and compulsions.  He had to remain silent.  And watch.   To make sure that Mr. Sterling would now follow the rules.
“Hey!  What are you doing?” a loud voice yelled from the end of the hall.   “What’s wrong with him?”
Mr. Petrie, Justin’s middle-aged English teacher, rushed toward him from the opposite end of the hall, his shiny, black shoes clacking noisily against the tile floor as he ran.
Justin’s mind was enveloped in panic.   No adults other than Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt must know what he was doing.   That was the rule.   He couldn’t break the rule.   He must not break the rules.  Mr. Petrie couldn’t know.  An injection would stop him from knowing.  That’s what Mr. Awphel had said.  Justin must inject anyone on the list or any adult who knew.  Mr. Petrie knew.  He knew.   Against the rules.
Justin’s head grew hot with the need to prevent Mr. Petrie from knowing.  His brain felt like lava inside his skull.  The pain of the force of his compulsions made his eyes water, but he stood there silent and unblinking as Mr. Petrie knelt on the floor by Mr. Sterling’s side.   
“What happened, Justin?  Is he having a seizure?” Mr. Petrie looked up just as Justin withdrew another syringe from his pocket and uncapped it.  “What is that?  Justin?”
Justin stepped forward quickly and jabbed the needle into Mr. Petrie’s neck, in the exact spot where he’d injected Mr. Sterling.   He depressed the plunger quickly, and orange liquid shot into Mr. Petrie’s jugular vein.  
“JUSTIN!” Mr. Petrie screamed as Justin yanked the needle back out.  
Only a moment passed before Mr. Petrie joined Mr. Sterling on the floor, his body jittering as his muscles seized.   A horrible groan tore from Mr. Petrie’s mouth.
Justin looked on silently.
Mr. Sterling’s muscles had stopped seizing, and he now lay silently on the shiny tile floor in the hallway.  Justin could tell he was still alive by the way that his chest moved with his shallow breaths.  
He waited for Mr. Sterling to get up so that he could tell him the rules as Mr. Awphel had told him, but the man did not move.  Justin stood there quietly, waiting.  
The hot lava feeling faded from his brain, replaced by the cool calmness of knowing that he had followed the rules.   
He waited a moment longer, watching as Mr. Petrie gradually stilled and lay silently beside Mr. Sterling.   Neither awoke to receive the rules.
Mr. Awphel had a rule for that as well.  If anything other than the expected happened, he was to report back.   
Another moment passed before Justin capped the used syringes and put them back in his pocket.   He straightened his bow tie – which had really pleased Mr. Awphel when he’d first seen Justin wearing one – and smoothed his slicked back hair.   While the tiny part of his mind screamed that he should not leave them there like that, he stepped over the two comatose teachers and headed towards Mr. Awphel’s classroom.  He had to follow the rules and report.

***
Mrs. Mewt looked up as Mr. Awphel entered her classroom, interrupting her lecture on the fascinating turns that genetic manipulation had taken lately in the experimental medical field.   
She knew as soon as she saw him that something must have happened.  Mr. Awphel would never interrupt otherwise.
“Excuse me, class, I must confer with Mr. Awphel for a moment.   Please study chapter twenty-seven until I return.”
“Yes, Mrs. Mewt,” a chorus of voices answered.
Mrs. Mewt couldn’t control her delighted grin.  It was such a joy to teach students who always followed directions.  
She approached Mr. Awphel and they stepped quickly into her private office, she shut the door behind her before turning to him.  “What is it, Mr. Awphel?  Has something happened?”
“Yes, yes it has.   Mr. Sterling has been neutralized by Justin, as has Mr. Petrie. It was a necessary measure when he came upon Justin injecting Mr. Sterling.”
“That’s fantastic news, Mr. Awphel.   So Mr. Sterling will now follow our instructions as well?  And Mr. Petrie?”  Mrs. Mewt was secretly thrilled at the thought that she would now be able to control Mr. Sterling and Mr. Petrie. Especially Mr. Sterling.  That man had been a thorn in her side for years, with his progressive ways and his need to constantly help the students achieve their goals.  Students should be forced to work hard, and yes, face some difficulties, in order to achieve their goals.  Not be handed their goals on a silver platter by a fresh-faced school counselor.   Yes, it would be quite enjoyable to be able to control Mr. Sterling for once.
“No,” Mr. Awphel’s voice snapped her out of her brief fantasy about forcing Mr. Sterling to follow her commands.
“No?  We will not be able to control them as we have the students?  Have the nanobots malfunctioned?  Are they going to spoil our experiment by telling others?” Mrs. Mewt couldn’t control the quiver in her voice.  Everything had been going perfectly up until now.  Surely it could not be coming to an end just yet.  They needed more time!
“No, we will not be able to control them.  And no, they will not be spoiling anything,” Mr. Awphel gave her a sly grin.  “They’re both in a coma.”
“Oh,” Mrs. Mewt returned his grin.  “That is truly wonderful!  They will not be able to say a word!”
“No, they won’t.  And from the data that I have received from the nanobots injected into them, neither will any other adult who is exposed to our nanobots.   It seems that our nanobots are only compatible with the juvenile brain.  If introduced into an adult brain, the nanobots force a shut down of the brain’s cerebral corex, causing a severe quantitative disturbance of consciousness with profound alterations in the functions and relationships that maintain their levels of conscious functions.”
“Hmmm. That’s quite interesting, don’t you think?” Mrs. Mewt sat down in the chair behind her slightly messy desk and peered up at Mr. Awphel as she contemplated this development.   The ramifications of this behavior of the human brain were simply astounding.   “And quite convenient for our purposes.”
Mr. Awphel nodded, seating himself on the corner of her desk. “Yes, quite convenient.”
“And our benefactor’s colleague at the hospital will continue to prevent any mention of nanobots in the comatose patients?” Mrs. Mewt asked.
Mr. Awphel nodded vigorously, “Oh, most assuredly.  He is completely trustworthy.  He has already removed any evidence pointing to our nanobots from the medical records and test results of the McDonald children. He has neutralized Dr. Hayden as well. And he has pledged to continue his efforts as long as we are conducting our little experiments.”
A thought suddenly occurred to Mrs. Mewt and she frowned, “But, just in case anything should happen to him, we really should work on our removal method. We need to be able to remove all traces of the nanobots should we be discovered.”


Chapter Seventeen
Julie sat silently at her desk and tried not to glare at Mrs. Mewt.  Just knowing that the woman was partially responsible for putting Melisa and Ted in a coma was enough to cause bitter bile to rise up in her throat.  It was difficult not to storm to the front of the classroom and demand that Mrs. Mewt stop her horrifying experimentation on the students and remove the nanobots so that everyone could return to normal and Melisa and Ted would be able to go home with their poor distraught mother.
But she couldn’t.  She was fairly certain that she was the only uninfected student in the classroom.  The rest of the students sat like zombies at their desks and every other kid present had asked her at least once throughout the course of the day if she had tried Bio Mimic.  She ducked her head and tried to look like she was concentrating on the material they were supposed to be reading in chapter twenty-seven.  It wouldn’t work in her favor if the other kids realized that she wasn’t infected.  They could easily overpower her and force her to eat the candy.
Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Mrs. Mewt fiddle with a new device on her desk, moving it so that it was pointed towards the students sitting in her classroom.  She turned back to her computer for a moment, and then Julie saw her eyes dart from the screen to the students.  Julie quickly averted her eyes just before Mrs. Mewt’s razor sharp gaze settled upon her bent head.
After a moment, Julie dared another look from the corner of her eye, only to see Mrs. Mewt jotting notes down in a notebook. 
Relieved, Julie went back to pretending as if she were reading, glad that she had avoided detection once again.  She wasn’t sure what she thought Mrs. Mewt would do if she knew that Julie hadn’t eaten the candy, and was not now infected with the nanobots, but she was pretty sure that whatever it was would not be pleasant.
She had never intended to come to Mrs Mewt’s class at all.   After their meeting with Mr. Sterling after lunch, she, Derek and Marcia had planned on cutting school rather than to risk being exposed.  But Mr. Sterling had not been in his office after lunch for their scheduled meeting, and they had not been able to find him.
It was a calculated risk, but they’d decided to attend classes the rest of the day and meet back in his office after school.   
“Julie?” Mrs. Mewt’s voice interrupted her musings.  Cold fear coursed up her spine.  Had she been discovered?
“Yes, Mrs. Mewt?” Julie looked up from her textbook and met Mrs. Mewt’s gaze.
“When class ends in ten minutes, please see me before leaving,” Mrs. Mewt’s eyes gleamed with the knowledge that Julie feared.  
She had been discovered.  But it seemed as though Mrs. Mewt was not going to do anything about it until class ended.
Julie looked around at the other kids, all of whom looked back at her now, their eyes fixed on her face as if awaiting her response.  Zombies stared at her – mind-controlled, empty-eyed, rule-following zombies, completely at the mercy of the nanobots inside them.
Julie swallowed, knowing she had better give the correct response, “Yes, Mrs. Mewt.  I will.”
Mrs. Mewt nodded, satisfaction gleaming in her eyes. The other students returned to their reading.
Mrs. Mewt had the upper hand, and she knew it.  Julie could not refuse her request without the other students realizing that she was not following the rules.   And if she did not follow the rules, then she hadn’t eaten the candy.  And if she hadn’t eaten the candy, she was pretty sure one of them – or worse, all of them – would force-feed it to her like Brian had attempted to do.
Julie lowered her head again, pretending to read while her mind whirled.  She could not stay after class.  It would most certainly result in her forced infection.  
She glanced surreptitiously at the delicate gold watch on her wrist – a present from Amy three birthdays ago – and watched the seconds tick by.   Perhaps they would not be expecting the unexpected?
Julie’s heart pounded.   She took a deep breath and nonchalantly let her other hand drop down to hover over the strap on her backpack, her eyes focused not on her reading material, but on the ticking second hand of her watch.   When the hand clicked into place, signifying only two minutes remaining of class time, Julie leapt from her chair, grabbed her backpack, and, leaving her book open on her desk, raced from the room.
Behind her she heard shouts of dismay and the clatter of desks as the other students realized that she was a rule-breaker.
She ran headlong down the hallway, expecting to feel hands upon her back any second.   But, oddly, no students burst from Mrs. Mewt’s classroom to follow her.
Relief swamped her as she skidded around the corner of a deserted hallway and entered Mr. Sterling still-empty office.  
Where was he?
She quickly looked around, then glanced at her watch again.  Only thirty seconds until classes were out for the day.  Only thirty seconds before the hallways would fill with students – hundreds of empty-minded zombies who were a threat to her.  
Bolting over to Mr. Sterling’s desk, she pulled out his chair a bit and shimmied into the knee-hole underneath, thankful for her petite form and for the full enclosed front on Mr. Sterlings massive wooden desk.  She stashed her backpack on the seat of the chair and pulled it into the knee-hole, close, all but squashing herself into the small space.  With any luck, anyone who looked into Mr. Sterling’s office through the glass windows that lined the hallway would think that there was no possible hiding place for anyone in the empty office.
Her heart pounded from her headlong flight, and her breath sawed in and out of her lungs painfully as she crunched her knees up to her chest and hunched inside the space.  Her heart beat so loudly in her ears that she was afraid she wouldn’t hear Derek and Marcia when they entered the office.
Moments passed, and her breathing and heart rate slowed.   Sweat dripped off of the tip of her nose, plopping onto her knee.
Thoughts flew through her mind quickly and she bit her lip in fear.  Had Derek and Marcia been discovered, as she had?   Were they even now infected?   Would she be able to tell if they were if they entered the office?   And, since she was now discovered, how were they going to get out of the school without being caught?
And what about Amy?  Was she okay?  Or had she been discovered as well?
She shifted her weight slightly and pulled her cell phone from her pocket.   
U ok? she typed, then sent the message to Amy, Derek and Marcia.
Time seemed to slow as she huddled under the desk, waiting for their response as she listened to the sounds of the swarm of students passing through the hallway outside Mr. Sterling’s office.
If they found her there, she would be overwhelmed in seconds.  There was no possible way she could escape so many students bent on infecting her.  Doubts assailed her. Had she made the right decision in seeking out Mr. Sterling’s help?  Or had she endangered them all by insisting they attend school?
If anything had happened to Amy because of her decision, she didn’t know what she’d do.  She’d thought it would be safer if Amy could go and convince the kids at her school that she was infected.  If they thought she was infected, they’d leave her alone.  But if her plan failed, and Amy was found out and infected because of it, Julie knew she would never forgive herself.
Her phone vibrated, and she quickly pressed the button to make it stop, her heart picking up tempo again as fear of discovery heightened.  Had anyone heard it vibrate? She slid the phone open quietly.
Am ok. U? Amy’s text caused a sigh of relief to escape her.  She pressed her eyes tightly closed and said a quick mental prayer of thankfulness, then typed her response: OK 2.  Small problem/delay.  She hit send just as she heard the almost silent sound of Mr. Sterling’s office door being pushed open.
She held her breath again, listening to two sets of quiet footsteps entering the room.
A moment passed, then she heard a sigh, followed by Marcia’s whispered voice, sounding deeply disappointed, “He’s still not here.”
Derek’s deeper voice responded, “No, and he won’t be.  I checked with the office secretary after lunch, and she said that Mr. Sterling was taken to the hospital by ambulance this morning.   Along with Mr. Petrie.  They were both unconscious.”
“Oh no,” Marcia’s voice squeaked.  “Then what are we doing here?”
“Waiting for Julie,” Derek whispered back, his voice sounding a bit sarcastic, as if he thought Marcia should have known the answer before she asked her question.
Under the desk, Julie allowed herself to breathe again.  They couldn’t be infected if they were acting so much like themselves, could they?
Julie pushed out the chair and crawled out from under the desk, careful to stay out of sight of the glass windows.

Chapter Eighteen
“Do you think it is safe to leave now?” Marcia asked in a whisper.
“I sure hope so, I’m getting a cramp in my side from lying like this,” Julie whispered back.    
“Consider yourself lucky,” Derek mumbled softly, shifting his weight carefully.  “At least you are smaller so you’re able to stretch out.  How’d you like to be over here?  I think this metal bracket I’m lying on may leave a permanent impression in my back.”
Marcia snorted, “This was your idea!”
“It was the best idea we had,” Julie told her, and Derek felt better just knowing she thought his idea of hiding in the ceiling was a good one.  
After he’d gotten them all up here, he hadn’t been so sure.  Especially since he’d been forced to lie on his side on top of the thicker metal support brackets attached to the inner wall because he was so much bulkier than either Marcia or Julie.  The girls had been able to stretch out carefully across the dropped-ceiling panels, distributing their slight weight evenly to avoid breaking them.
He’d suggested that Julie remain hidden under the desk while the student crowds thinned out in the hallway, and then he hoisted her, then Marcia, up into the ceiling when the student traffic in the hall had diminished, carefully avoiding any stragglers’ notice.  After that, he’d hopped up on top of Mr. Sterling’s desk and crawled into the ceiling with them, then replaced the dislodged panel.  It had been difficult to do, he’d had to stay balanced on his hands and knees on top of the thin metal braces holding the tiles in place as he’d carefully crawled over to the stronger brackets attached to the wall. He thought he might have sliced his knee on a metal edge a time or two.
They’d been waited for what felt like hours.  The ceiling space was airless and stifling, and his skin felt slightly itchy from its contact with the white, powdery residue from the panels.  In the blackness he could just barely make out the shapes of Julie and Marcia, lying face down on the panels a few feet away, their arms and legs spread out like human Xs to keep from breaking through the ceiling.
 “I think we should stay here a little longer,” Derek told them reluctantly, sure they were as uncomfortable as he was.  “They’re probably still searching for Julie.”
Marcia groaned quietly.
“Hey,” Julie’s whisper filtered through the darkness.  “It is better than being forcibly infected.”
“When did you become the positive one?” Marcia hissed back.
“You didn’t see the look in Mrs. Mewt’s eyes when she realized I wasn’t a nanobot hotel, Marcia.  It was just plain creepy,” Julie said.
“Mr. Awphel knows I’m not infected,” Derek told them.  “I could tell that he knew.”
“Did he point that thing at you?” Julie asked.
“What thing?” Marcia asked.
“Mr. Awphel had a device, looked like a modified wireless access point to me,” Derek said.  “He pointed it at all the students while I was in class.”
“Mrs. Mewt had something similar,” Julie whispered back.  “And she knew that I was only pretending to be infected after she pointed it around the classroom.”
“Well, great,” Marcia sounded glum, not at all her usual cheerful self.  “Then Mr. Awphel knows I’m not either.   But I couldn’t tell. He didn’t say anything.”
“Didn’t say anything to me, either.  It was the way he looked at me as I left class,” Derek said, shifting slightly to the side again, trying to alleviate the stinging bite of metal against muscle.
“Oh, well, then, I wouldn’t have noticed that,” Marcia sighed.  “I was busy telling Jim how delicious the candy was – again - when I left Mr. Awphel’s class.”
“He knows,” Derek assured her.
“Feel like a road trip?” Julie suddenly asked, and he could detect a hint of triumph in her tone.
“Anything to get out of here,” Marcia said, her voice far whinier than he’d ever heard it.   
“What did you have in mind?” Derek asked Julie, wishing that he was closer to her.  For a moment, he allowed himself to fantasize about how wonderful it would be to be lying in the dark beside her softness, instead of on top of the hard metal brackets.  Even in the stifling atmosphere in the space above the dropped ceiling, her presence beside him would have made it all the more bearable.
“Feel like driving me to Cornell?” Julie asked him.  “My car probably wouldn’t make it, but yours would.”
“You want to go to New York?” Marcia hissed.  “That’s like, what? A twenty-four-hour drive?”
“Twenty-two, if we don’t stop at all,” Julie told her.
“It makes sense,” Derek told Marcia.  “We need to talk to that professor, and we can’t do that while we stay here, hiding out in the school.   We can’t go home, because everyone knows where we live.  We can’t go out in public or we’ll have them coming after us acting like Brian.  At least if we’re on the road, we’ll be safer.”
“Right. But what am I going to tell my parents?” Marcia asked.
“Tell them you’re staying at my house, Marsh.  I know you hate lying to them, but tell them whatever they need to hear to keep them safe,” Julie said.  Derek could hear the concern for her friend in her voice.  
“You’re right, again,” Marcia whispered.  “I want them safe more than I hate lying to them.”
“It will be a long drive, but if we take turns driving, we won’t have to stop to sleep,” Derek told them.
“The faster we get there the better.  This is getting out of hand.  I think we might be the only students in the whole school who are not infected now.  We have to find a way to stop this.  Before it is too late,” Julie’s voice was filled with determination, and Derek grinned in the dark.  She was something else.  A fierce little tigress determined to do the right thing, no matter how hard it was.  He’d seen that side of her when she was talking about Amy, and sometimes Marcia, but never when she was simply talking about kids at school.   She usually only protected those who were close to her, but now she seemed determined to do the right thing for the other students.
“What about Amy?” Derek asked her. “Do you think she’ll be safer at home? Since everyone thinks she’s infected already?”
“I’d say yes if I knew that there were only two of those devices that can detect the nanobots inside us all.   If that were true, then she’d be safer here, because, let’s face it, we might as well have giant targets painted on our backs – and she’d be safer if she stayed away from us.  But, if there are other devices, or if Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt can take the devices out of the school, then Amy will be safer with us.”
“It is your call, Julie.  She’s your sister,” Derek told her, hoping that he sounded supportive instead of pushy.  He really thought they should bring Amy with them, just to be safe.  But, Julie was sensitive about her sister, so he didn’t want to say so.
“I’d feel better if I could keep her with us,” Julie said after a short silence.  “Even if it might be a little more dangerous for her to be seen with us.   If she’s with us, maybe I can help protect her.”
“I think so too,” Marcia agreed.
Derek nodded, then realized that they probably couldn’t see him.  “I agree. And there’s plenty of room in the car for the four of us.”
“Shhh, I hear something,” Julie hissed in the darkness.
There was a scraping sound below them in Mr. Sterling’s office, like someone was dragging something across the floor.
Derek froze.
Julie remained absolutely still.
Marcia sneezed.

Chapter Nineteen 
Julie blinked to clear her head of sleep.  She was leaned over onto Derek’s shoulder, and for a moment, instead of moving, she allowed herself a minute of simply enjoying the feel of his firm muscles under her cheek.   
The drive had been a mind-numbing race across half the country, during which they’d only stopped infrequently for bathroom breaks or junk food drive-thrus.  They’d each driven eight hours, with Marcia going first, Julie taking the second shift, and Derek following up with the third.   Several times along the highways, they’d spotted kids from school, and Julie didn’t think that was a coincidence at all.
Still, no one had tried to run them off the road, or shove candy in their mouths at reststops, so they’d been lucky so far.  Very lucky.  Julie still couldn’t believe how lucky they’d been to escape notice when Marica had sneezed while the custodian was mopping the floor in Mr. Sterling’s empty office.  It was just a good thing that that particular custodian liked to listen to loud rock music on an MP3 player while he worked.
Now, as they pulled onto the meandering roads on the Cornell University campus, Derek’s classic maroon Nova taking the curves easily enough so that they did not wake Marcia and Amy where they dozed in the back seat, Julie sat up and grinned sheepishly at Derek. 
“I didn’t mean to sleep the rest of the way. I was going to keep you company,” she said.
He grinned at her, “You did keep me company.  I enjoyed you sleeping against me.  It was….nice.”
Julie felt her cheeks heat up.  It had felt nice. Nice and safe and comfortable.  All the things that she swore she would never let herself feel with a guy.  In her experience, it was just when you started feeling comfortable with a person that things usually got bad.  But with Derek, it was different.  He was different.  It almost felt good to feel comfortable.
She nodded, “Yes, it was nice.”
He returned his gaze to the road, skillfully maneuvering the car through the twists and turns.  Julie was tempted to stare at his profile, since she’d never really noticed before how handsome it was, but she forced her gaze to the road too, then gasped. 
“It’s beautiful!”  The rolling lawns were startlingly green, hundreds of healthy trees and bushes were clustered discreetly around the campus, many of them in bloom, providing a profusion of color to the landscape.  And the architecture was magnificent.  The buildings were gorgeous.  Many older buildings clustered across the campus, with stately lines built of stone, gracefully curving arches and regal columns.   And the place was huge – 745 acres if her memory served, and it usually did.
She’d studied up on Cornell, she’d longingly stared at pictures of the campus, but she still wasn’t prepared for the feelings that rushed through her as they drove through the college campus.  She could almost feel the learning happening all around them. She wanted to join the student body next year so badly.
Then, she felt her heart sink.  Mrs. Mewt had obviously gone off the deep end – and Julie had been counting on her recommendation to get into Cornell.  Without the recommendation, she had a hard time believing that she’d be accepted.
She sighed, turning her thoughts back to the present.  She would deal with that problem when she came to it, right now, she was more concerned with their present problem.  “We’re looking for CALS – the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences.  Professor Whit works in Wing Hall.”
Derek whistled under his breath, “You really do have a photographic memory, don’t you?”
“Yes,” she answered sheepishly.  Sometimes, her incredible memory made her feel like a cheater or a fraud.  It was so easy for her to recall information.  Everything she read – and she read a lot – was easily remembered.  It was like having a computer for a brain, complete with a vast library of information.
“I think it is amazing,” he looked at her out of the corner of his eye, keeping his face turned toward the windshield, and Julie caught the sincerity in that brief look. He really did think it was amazing – and not a cheap trick she used to get good grades.
“Thanks,” she said, since she really wasn’t sure what to say.
“So you really think Professor Whit will be able to help?” he asked, and she was grateful for the change in subject.
“Yes, I do.  In fact, I think that Mrs. Mewt and Mr. Awphel must have used a sample of his nanobots, rewritten their internal coding, managed to replicate them, and then turned them lose on the students at the high school in order to see what would happen.  Nothing like this has ever been done before.  Nanobots have not been successfully programmed to do anything as advanced as what Mr. A and Mrs. M are having them do, and certainly they’ve never been used like that on people.  It is really quite amazing, when you think about it.”
Derek nodded, “And evil.   Don’t forget evil.”
“And just plain crazy,” Marcia chimed in from the back seat.  “Don’t forget about that either.”
Julie swiveled around to look at her friend. Marcia’s hair was a mess, and the right side of her face was red from where she’d had it pressed against the seat as she slept.  Her eyes were sleepy, but Julie was happy to see that her friend was smiling her typical smile once again.
“Hi, Marsh, glad you’re awake.  We’re almost there,” Julie said.
“Good, no offense, Derek, but I’m getting a little sick of being in your totally cool car,” Marcia yawned and stretched.  “Jules, this place is gorgeous.  I can see why you want to go here.  It just reeks of centuries of learning, doesn’t it?”
Julie nodded, grinning. “Yes, it does.  Wake Amy up, will you?  CALS is just ahead.”
Julie turned around again, then on impulse she reached over and placed her hand on Derek’s muscled thigh, liking the way that his muscles quivered for just a second under her touch.  He turned to her, his brow raised in question, and she grinned at him, but didn’t remove her hand.
“I hope Professor Whit is still here, it is getting kind of late in the afternoon,” she told him.
Derek pulled into a parking space and shut off the car, but before he got out, he placed his hand on top of hers and gave a reassuring squeeze, “I hope so too.”  
One more squeeze of her hand, and he opened his door and jumped out.  Julie followed suit, then almost groaned as her cramped muscles protested the long hours in the car.
She heard similar groans from Amy and Marcia as they all started toward the stairs that led up to the entrance to Wing Hall.
It was fairly easy to find Professor Whit’s room, and even easier to find the Professor.  He was just leaving a classroom labeled with his name as they walked up.
“Excuse me, are you Professor Whit?” Julie asked the elderly gentleman.
“Yes, yes, I am,” the man replied.
“Thank God!” Amy said from behind her.
Professor Whit’s eyebrows raised a notch on his wrinkled forehead.
“We need your help,” Julie told him.  “We have a nanobot infestation.”
Derek chuckled at her phrasing, and Julie frowned at him slightly.   He quickly wiped the grin off of his face.
“Infestation?  Really, my dear?” Professor Whit asked, obviously now a bit intrigued.
“Yes.  Have you heard of Wichita, Kansas?” Julie asked, mentally preparing herself for the Wizard of Oz references, although Professor Whit looked like he might have more class than to resort to that. 
She wasn’t disappointed.  He didn’t ask her where Toto was.  As it was, she was shocked.
“Oh, my, yes!  I just heard a news report earlier about it.  Just terrible what’s happening there.” The professor shook his head, looking saddened.
“What’s going on there?” Marcia asked.
“You don’t know?   Why, there are widespread reports of teenagers, and even younger children, acting like lunatics!  It seems as if nearly every teenager there has gone mad!  Bank robberies, drug overdoses, shootings, looting, vandalism, public nakedness, joy riding – you name it, and it is going on now in that town!”
Julie looked at Derek’s face, his expression was as stunned as she felt.  “Oh, that’s bad,” she said.
“Are you from Wichita, my dear?” the professor asked.
“Yes, that’s where the nanobot infestation is.  We drove here.”
It was the professor’s turn to look stunned, “And you think that nanobots are responsible for this behavior?”
Julie nodded.
“Fascinating!” the professor said.  “Just fascinating.  Come to my laboratory with me, we need to talk about this.  If what you say is true, I have something that may help.”
Professor Whit did an about-face and began walking quickly down the long hallway.  Although elderly, the man was spry, and Julie had to hurry to keep up with him.
“Why did you come to me, if I may ask?” 
“I read about your nanobot ‘loaner’ program, sir,” Julie told him.  
He chuckled, “I like you, young lady.”
Julie felt herself blush. She hadn’t meant to be funny.
“If you do have a nanobot problem, then I have just the thing,” the professor told her.
Julie was a little amazed that he was talking so freely about the subject.  Everyone else that they’d broached the subject with had seemed to think the idea was insane, but Professor Whit talked about it as though a nanobot infestation was something he’d been expecting.
He continued, and she forced herself to pay attention, instead of marveling at his intelligence.  “I’ve recently begun working on a two-part solution for just this type of scenario!  Call it a one-two punch, if you will.  The first phase is complete, I’ve developed a separate strain of nanobot inhibitors  - in effect more nanobots which exist only to locate, neutralize and eradicate any existing nanobots in the body.  The second, and I might add, crucial phase, involves interrupting the nanobots’ processes.  I’ve developed a device that functions as a sort of Taser for nanobots. When the body is zapped with the localized EM pulse from the device, it will effectively shut down any nanobots in the system for a short time.   Additionally it also acts like a regular Taser, in effect zapping the nanbot host as well, but this step is necessary in order for the inhibitors to be able to do their job when they’re injected simultaneously with the device.  Without the pulse and current to shut down and interrupt the processes of both the nanobots and the host, I’m afraid the inhibitors will have no effect at all.”
“That’s amazing, Professor!  I knew you’d be able to help!” Julie said, looking back at Derek, Amy and Marcia as they all trotted down the hall after the professor.
“There’s only one problem, young lady,” the professor said.
“And what’s that?  Sounds great to me,” Julie said.
“The device doesn’t work yet.  I haven’t yet found the correct frequency for the pulse, nor the correct timing  and delivery method for the current to disable the host without harming the inhibitors.”
The professor stopped before a glass door marked MICROBIOLOGY LAB ONE.  “But I’ll show you what I mean.  Everything is in here.”
The four of them followed him into the neatly organized lab, across the room and into a large glass walled cubicle.  
He pulled a set of keys from his pocket and unlocked the glass doors of several storage cabinets, then began extracting things: vials filled with a toxic-looking green goo, syringes, also filled with the luminous green substance, a odd gun-shaped device that looked a little like a Trekkie’s Phaser.
He set all of the items onto a lab table, right beside a magnificent Helios NanoLab DualBeam microscope that Julie had noticed right when she walked in the door.  In fact, she’d tried hard not to stare at it when she’d first seen it.
“May I?” Julie gestured toward the microscope, her fingers positively itching to try it out.
The professor grinned like a boy showing off his favorite toy, “Of course, young lady, of course!”
Julie grinned back, “Call me Julie.  And pardon my bad manners, I didn’t introduce everyone.”
She took care of the introductions quickly, then turned to the microscope, eager to take a look into a whole new world.  She could see things with her microscope, but it would be nothing compared to what she’d see with this one!
“Here’s a prepared slide, Julie.  I want you to look at the inhibitors,” the professor handed her the slide, then grabbed the odd inhibitor gun and thrust it at Derek.  “And you, Derek, take a look at this.”
Julie grinned, the dread of the previous days sliding away like dandelion seed fluff in a swift breeze.  The professor was going to be able to help them. Cornell was as awesome as she’d thought it would be.  Oh, the wondrous things she could accomplish if she were able to attend.  “Thanks, Professor.”
She bent her head to peer into the Helios just as something slammed into her side, knocking her sideways and smashing her eye socket painfully against the eyepiece.   The impact was so jarring that she was temporarily blinded as a burst of bright light seared away her vision. 
She heard Amy scream.  Derek bellowed like a mad bull and the Professor yelped in alarm.
When the burst of white cleared from her vision and she was able to focus, she saw Colin holding the professor by the throat from behind, his elbow cutting off the other man’s air supply.  With his other hand, Colin jammed a needle into Professor Whit’s jugular vein.
“Colin, DON’T!” Derek yelled, a long gash on his cheek dripped blood onto his chin.  
It hadn’t been there a moment ago.
Colin injected the syringe into the professor’s vein despite Derek’s protest, no emotion showing on his face.
The professor sagged against Colin, gasping for breath behind the arm pressed to his neck.
Marcia began to sob.  “Oh, Colin, no!”
Derek pointed the inhibitor gun at Colin’s head and pulled the trigger.
There was a sizzling sound, and a burst of light was emitted from the end of the device, hitting Colin right in the forehead.
Colin staggered back in surprise, dropping the professor onto the floor, and stared at Derek mindlessly.
Julie bent down to help the professor as her eye throbbed in time with her heartbeat, trying to pick him up off the floor.
The professor grasped her hand and drew her closer, “Doesn’t work.  Find the right frequency. Hurry.  I can feel them working.”
Suddenly, the professor’s muscles seized, his eyes rolled back and he arched up off of the floor, his body gyrating grotesquely.  Julie felt tears gather in her eyes as she tried to help him.
“Julie watch out!” Amy screamed, right before she felt something meaty club her in the side of the face.
Her world tilted sideways, her eyes losing focus again as white lights dazzled her once again.  Dimly, she heard the sounds in the room receding. 
The last thing she heard before totally blacking out was Colin’s cold, emotionless voice, “No adults.  No adults can know!”



Chapter Twenty
Julie lay on the floor, unconscious.  The professor lay beside her, his muscles still jerking in the throes of a violent seizure.   
Colin stared at Derek across the few feet that separated them.  “Have you eaten the candy, Derek?  You promised.”
Derek shook his head, “No, I haven’t, Colin, and you shouldn’t have either.”
Colin’s voice was impassive when he spoke again, “Mr. Awphel has a message for you.  He wanted me to give it to you if I couldn’t get you to eat the candy or inject you. And I,” Colin showed signs of emotion for the first time since he’d entered the room.  He winced, then scrunched his eyes closed as if in pain.  A slight groan escaped him when he opened them again.  “But, I can’t…  can’t inject you.”
Derek thought that Colin looked distressed, as if he was fighting for control.   His friend seemed to struggle with some internal battle for a moment, his facial muscles twitching and jerking.   
The internal battle was over almost as soon as it started, and Colin once again stared back at him, a glassy-eyed zombie.
Derek sighed, “What’s the message, Colin?”
Colin seemed to focus again, and an emotionless mask slipped back over his features, “He’s having dinner with your parents tomorrow night at eight.  If you’re not there by nine, he’s going to have me inject them, too.  And he wanted you to know that adults do not respond well to the injection.  You’d better be there, Derek, and you’d better be ready to eat.”
Derek didn’t miss the reference.  He’d better be ready to infect himself with the Bio Mimic, or there would be consequences. For his parents.
Derek looked at the professor lying on the floor and felt cold fear creep into his heart.  He could imagine how terrible it would be to see his mom and dad like that.  He couldn’t allow that to happen.    
“What happened to the other kids, Colin?  The professor said there’s a crime spree going on back home?  Robberies, drugs, theft…” Marcia asked from across the room, her voice shaking a little bit.
Colin grunted, “They’re not following the rules.”
“No, they’re not,” Derek agreed.   “And you don’t have to either.”
Colin withdrew another syringe from his pocket, looked coldly at Derek as if to challenge him, then bent towards Julie.
Derek leapt across the room, kicking the syringe out of Colin’s hand before he could lower it to Julie’s neck.   
Colin stood, plowing a powerful punch into Derek’s abdomen on his way up.
Derek felt his breath whoosh out as pain tumbled around in his gut.
“I can’t…believe…you did that,” Derek wheezed, looking right into Colin’s dead-eyed gaze.  Of course, he should have been able to believe it, considering that he was the first person Colin had nailed in the face with a right hook when he’d launched himself into the lab only moments ago.
It took everything he had to do it, but Derek balled up his fist and punched Colin as hard as he could in the side of the head.   Never, in all the years he’d know Colin, had he ever thought he’d have a reason to hit his best friend that hard.   
Colin blinked, and for a moment, Derek saw the old Colin - his best friend since grade school - standing before him, and not the dead-eyed nanobot hotel that he’d become.   That moment was gone quickly, though, and the dead-eyed stare returned.   Colin raised his fist, but before he could strike, Derek punched him again in the side of the head – hard.
Colin dropped like a stone, joining Julie and the professor on the floor.
Derek bent over, resting his hands on his knees, trying to catch his breath.  His gut was on fire.  He sank to his knees beside Julie, then reached down to stroke the side of her face carefully, checking for blood.  Colin had punched her hard.  Every bit as hard as Derek had punched him.  But Julie was so delicate that Derek feared permanent damage.  
Drawing in a painful breath, Derek gathered her up off of the floor, cradling her against his chest as he used his other hand to sift through her silky hair, searching for bumps, soft spots on her skull or sticky wetness.  When he found none of those things, he breathed a sigh of relief.  With any luck, she was simply knocked out.
Not caring that her little sister had come closer and now bent over them both, crying silent tears, Derek dropped a soft kiss on Julie’s lips, thankful that she was still breathing, “Wake up, Julie.”
Amy dropped to her knees beside him, her trembling fingers reaching out to brush against her sister’s rapidly swelling eye where it had impacted the microscope.  Tears tracked silently down her cheeks, but she didn’t say a word.
Julie’s eyelids fluttered and she moaned softly.  Amy gasped and mumbled something that sounded suspiciously like Thank God!
“Are you okay, Julie?  Colin hit you pretty hard!” Marcia asked from where she stood over them. Derek looked up at her to see her anxiously peering down at her best friend’s face.
“I’m okay,” Julie croaked, her eyes opening fully.  “The professor?”
“I think he’s in a coma. His seizure stopped a minute or so ago. I called an ambulance,” Marcia told her.
Tears pooled in Julie’s eyes, and Derek was amazed to realize that she was not crying for herself and her pain – although he was pretty sure she had to have a massive headache from that punch.  She was crying for the professor, whom she’d just met.
His Julie had a softer heart than he’d imaged.  No wonder she’d protected it so fiercely from him before.
“And Colin?  Is he okay?” she asked tentatively.
“Derek knocked him out,” Amy told her sister, sounding happy about the fact.  
Julie blinked, looking even sadder, continuing to stare straight up at the ceiling from her reclining position in his embrace, “Such a beautiful place, for such a tragedy.”


Chapter Twenty-One
“Will Colin be okay?” Marcia asked from the back seat of the Nova. “I hate to leave him like that.    We just turned him over to the paramedics and left him.   Who’s going to hold his hand in the hospital?”
Julie looked over her shoulder at her best friend, “Marsh, it’s going to be okay.   We’re going to fix this.   We’ve got the inhibitors, and the device.  I’ll work on fixing it on the way home.  And when we have it working, we’ll come back and help Colin and the professor.  I promise.”
Julie just hoped she’d be able to figure out how to make the inhibitor gun work in the next twenty-four hours, because that’s all the time she was going to have to work on it.   Once they made it back to Wichita, they’d have to appear at Derek’s house in order to keep Mr. Awphel from infecting them.  And when they did that, it was a pretty good bet that they’d be forcibly infected themselves.  
If Julie could fix the inhibitor gun, maybe they’d have a chance.   
“I hope so,” Marcia said, minus her chirpy optimism.   “I hope so.  I..  I…  I have feelings for him, Jules.”
It wasn’t like that was a secret, Julie had known it for quite a while, even if Marcia hadn’t told her.   “I know, Marsh, I know,” Julie said.
Amy slid across the back seat and put her arm around Marcia’s shoulders, hugging her.  “Oh, Marcia,” she sighed.
Marcia put her head against Amy’s arm and wept.  It was the first time Julie had ever seen her friend cry openly, and she felt tears burn her own eyes at the sight.   Marcia looked like she’d lost all hope.  It was a sight Julie never wanted to see again.
Julie shared a look with Amy over Marcia’s head, certain that her sister felt the same way.  “It’s going to be okay, Marcia.  We’ll save Colin,” she promised.
She held up the thick folder that she’d pilfered from the professor’s office.  “This is going to help a lot.   His research is in here.”
Marcia nodded, sniffling, then scooted over against the door, pillowed her head on her arm and closed her eyes as if she wanted to shut out the world.
Julie glanced at Derek.  His face was set, as if in stone.  His jaw clenched, and his hands were white-knuckled on the steering wheel.  “We’ll make it, Derek.  We will make it in time.”
He nodded, looking unconvinced, then slipped his phone from his pocket. “It’s not just that.  That’s my best friend that we just left.  My best friend who I had to knock out. Mr. Awphel has a lot to answer for.”
He grimaced, then put the phone to his ear. “Call Mom,” he said into the microphone.
There was a pause, then, “Hey, Mom, it’s me.  Yes, yes, I’m okay.  Um, I’m in New York.”
Another long pause, while Derek was obviously letting his mom speak.  Then he sighed.
“No, Mom, you have to listen.   Yes, I know, but please…”
Another pause.  Derek sighed heavily again.
“No, Mom, he’s not lying, I did miss school today.  But you can’t trust him.  Don’t make him dinner.  Don’t even let him in the house, Mom.  He’s going to try to hurt you and Dad.  He’s going to inject you with nanobots.”
Julie could hear his mother’s raised voice coming from the phone when he paused again.
“I know it sounds crazy, Mom, but you have to believe me.  He’s not a nice guy.”
Derek sighed yet again, his frustration evident.  Another long pause.
“No, Mom, I’m not doing drugs.   And the only thing I’m mixed up in is the crazy experiment that Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt are doing.   They have to be stopped.  They’re hurting people.  No, no, I’m not making this up!  You have to listen.”
Derek’s jaw got tight and he flipped the phone case closed with a snap, “Damn!  She hung up on me.  My mother has never hung up on me!”
“I’m sorry, Derek,” Julie told him.
“Mr. Awphel has her believing that I’m on drugs.  Drugs that I got from Justin.  It doesn’t help that I told her about Justin the other night at supper, and that I’ve been gone since then.  And that I’ve been giving them excuses about where I’ve been. And that I’ve missed school.  They believe him, not me.  That’s never happened before, either.  My parents are usually so open-minded. They’re usually willing to listen to me.”


Chapter Twenty-Two
Derek pulled the Nova over to the curb, still half a block away from his house, and stared in horror at the scene unfolding in front of him.  Two Via Christi ambulances were backed up in his driveway, lights flashing on top, their back doors flung open.  Two teams of paramedics were leaving his house, carting two stretchers, both of which held a very still body.
Derek shuddered.  Those bodies were his parents, he was sure of it.    He hadn’t made it in time.   Even though he’d driven as fast as he could to avoid getting pulled over, and he’d limited their stops to necessity only, he still hadn’t made it in time!  
He’d tried to call them repeatedly, but they wouldn’t listen to his explanations.  If only they’d listened to him!
His hands shook as he gripped the steering wheel, feeling defeated and angry.  He should have been there for them!  They’d always been there for him.  He’d let them down.   
He’d find Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt.  They were going to fix his parents.   No matter what he had to do to them first.   If he had to beat the antidote out of them, that’s what he’d do.  And even though he knew it was a trap, and that there wasn’t anything he could do for them, he could still be there for them now.
He moved to get out of the car, but Julie’s soft voice stopped him, “You know it’s a trap, Derek.  You knew it was a trap before, but the risk was worth it to save your parents.  Now that it’s too late to do anything about them being infected, you can’t go up there and risk being infected yourself.  We have to find the way to uninfect your parents now, and all of the others, too.  And we can’t do that without you.  You’ll do more good trying to fight this than you will if you go up there now and risk getting caught and joining the ranks of the mind-controlled.”
He dropped his head to the top of the steering wheel and allowed a heavy sigh to escape.  He knew she was right.  He just felt so useless, sitting there in the car while they took his parents away.  He didn’t even know how bad they were.  Were they in a coma like the professor?  Or worse?
“I know,” he muttered, his voice raspy from the tangle of emotions clogging his throat. “I know.”
“I’m sorry, Derek.  But we’d better go. We’ve got company,” Marcia said from the back seat.  
Derek raised his head and looked around.  Sure enough.  It looked like the entire football team had been waiting for them to arrive.  They were marching towards the Nova, right across the manicured lawns of his neighbors.  Their dead-eyed gazes focused on the car with purposeful intent as they trampled the grass, their long strides eating up the distance quickly. 
He felt his resolve harden, spoiling for a good fight. “So, let them come.”
He flexed his fingers, then bent to feel around under his seat for the crowbar he always kept stashed there.   
“You can’t!” Marcia told him as he pulled the sturdy metal bar from its hiding place. “They’re victims!  Just like Melisa and Ted and Colin.  Just like your mom and dad!  They don’t want to do this.  Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt have control of their minds, Derek.”
Julie leaned over to place her hand on his arm, “She’s right, you know.  You’d feel bad later if you take your anger out on them now.  They are not responsible for this.”
Tension vibrated his muscles, anger still surging through him at the senseless suffering of his parents.  Someone needed to pay.  But, as much as he hated to admit it, Julie and Marcia were right.  It was Mr. Awphel who had done this, not the jocks headed for the car now.
“Uh, you’d better make up your mind soon, Derek,” Amy squeaked from the back seat, just as one of the jocks made it to the front passenger door.  Derek hit the button on the power locks a millisecond before the zombie-jock tried to yank it open.
Julie screamed as the guy plowed a powerful fist into the window right beside her face.  The safety glass splintered into a million tiny fragments, but the window stayed intact. Barely.
Derek knew the window couldn’t withstand another blow like that, and no matter how angry he was, he couldn’t endanger Julie like this. He tossed the crowbar to the floor, slammed the car in reverse, and peeled out down the street.  
“Roll down your window,” Julie yelled at him above the noise of the revving engine and squealing tires.  “I want to try this thing. See if I’ve got it working right.”
She held up the professor’s device.
While he hit the power button to roll down his window, steering with one hand and staring into the rearview mirror to avoid hitting anything as they barreled down the street backwards, she surprised him by climbing halfway into his lap.
“Julie,” he mumbled, trying to concentrate on keeping them all alive and not on her body shimmying across his lap.  It was hard and he wasn’t sure he quite pulled it off.  
Marcia screeched from the back seat as he swerved to miss the car that had entered the intersection behind him.    He cut the wheel hard to the right and stomped the brakes, fishtailing the Nova around in a move he’d always wanted to try.  Except, he’d never thought he’d be trying it with a girl in his lap and a bunch of mindless zombies chasing after him.
He missed the car by several feet, and the Nova came to a shaking halt, now pointed in the correct direction to flee from the football team chasing them on foot down the street.
It wasn’t taking them long to catch up, either.  Or course, they weren’t on the football team for nothing, some of those guys could really run.
“Go!” Amy shouted from the back seat.  “Go, go, go!”
Julie gave him a sheepish grin as she climbed off of his lap and dove into the back seat.
“Roll down your window and move over,” she shouted at Amy right before he slammed the car into drive and hit the gas.
The Nova’s tires squealed on the asphalt and the car shot forward.  He maneuvered around the car still blocking the intersection, and as he passed, he could see the driver still sitting in the driver’s seat.  Brian.  Brian inexplicably leapt out of the car as they passed and joined the crown chasing after them on foot.
Derek guessed being mind-controlled might not allow a person to be the brightest crayon in the box.  Too bad for him, but great for Derek. Brian would have had a much better chance of catching up to them in the car.
Behind him, he heard a sizzle as Julie shot the device at Brian. Looking in the rearview mirror, he saw the trail of white light make a direct hit to the linebacker’s chest, but the guy didn’t even slow down.  It had no effect at all.  Just like when he’d shot Colin with it.
“Darn!” Julie muttered from the back seat.  “I thought I had it!”
A moment later she climbed back into the front seat, scooting as close as she could to him in order to avoid the broken window on her side of the car, which was now dropping tiny shards of broken safety glass like rain.
He gave the powerful Nova more gas and they easily left their pursuers behind.  

Chapter Twenty –Three
Mr. Awphel sighed heavily as he watched most of the football team chase the Nova down the street as the ambulances, both with sirens blaring, roared off in the opposite direction to take Derek’s parents to the hospital.   He couldn’t believe his plan had failed.  He’d thought of everything.  He’d had the infected students waiting at strategic points around the block, sitting in their cars waiting for his signal to come inside Derek’s house if he needed their help overpowering the only four teenagers in town who were not infected.  He’d scheduled the dinner with Derek’s parents with plenty of time for Derek to make it.  He’d even sent the message to Derek via Colin.  He’d had everything in place… 
If only he’d waited a few more moments before infecting Derek’s parents.  But, it had been thirty minutes past the deadline that he’d had Colin give to Derek, and he couldn’t afford not to make an example of the kid’s parents.   He needed all four of those kids to know that he was serious.  Still, even he had to admit that his timing had been off.   Only five more minutes and they’d have delivered themselves to him.  But he’d chosen not to wait.
The tires on Derek’s Nova squealed as it barely avoided smashing into the car that Brian pulled into the intersection behind them.  
Mr. Awphel perked up as the two cars stopped, the football team still racing after the Nova.  Perhaps they would still be caught after all?
He craned his neck to see, watching intently.   The Nova lurched forward again, tires squealing.  In the car, they would easily outdistance those chasing them on foot.  But Brian was still in his car.  There was still a chance.
Unfortunately, when they passed him, Brian leapt out of his car and joined the others chasing the Nova on foot.  Mr. Awphel shook his head.  The subject obviously had trouble thinking on his own.   It was one of the side effects that both he and Mrs. Mewt had noticed over and over again.  Once the nanobots began controlling a subject’s mind, it was not always easy for the subject to determine the best course of action to take to follow the directives that were being forced into the cerebral cortex from the nanobots.  It was a very interesting development, one that they’d need to work on, but at this moment Mr. Awphel found it to be a little irritating.   Brian might have been able to catch them, or at the very least disable their vehicle, if he’d used the car, but he had no chance of doing either on foot.
Mr. Awphel was just about to turn away from the disheartening scene when Julie lunged halfway out of the passenger side of the vehicle through the window and fired some sort of weapon at Brian’s chest.  A bright burst of bluish light hit Brian dead center.
Mr. Awphel caught his breath for a moment, but nothing happened to Brian.  He just kept on running. Mr. Awphel was still just as horrified as if the boy had fallen to the pavement with a massive coronary.  It was obvious that the girl had some sort of weapon to use against them to stop the nanobots – even if it didn’t seem to work yet, it still posed a threat to their experiment.   If she could get it to function, the effects would be disastrous.
He whipped out his cell phone and dialed Mrs. Mewt’s number, just as the football team finally realized they were not going to catch their quarry on foot and turned around to head back in his direction.
When they finally trudged back to where he was, he’d already set plans in motion with Mrs. Mewt and stood waiting for them, tapping a frustrated foot against the pavement.  They were terrible minions.  Just terrible.   He had control of their minds, but the problem was, he could not program the nanobots to direct their every decision.  And, with the nanobots firmly entrenched in their brains, neither could they.  
He sighed as they straggled to a stop in front of him, panting and sweating.  Simply disgusting!
He glared at them all, gave them their orders and then left them to find a way to complete their mission on their own.  Perhaps with practice, they might figure out how to avoid being complete morons and function in harmony with the nanobots.  But if not, no matter.  Research was research.  And he and Mrs. Mewt would gather their research whether the subjects killed themselves with their own stupidity or not.
And in the process, Derek and Julie would learn that it was best not to mess with his plans.





Chapter Twenty-Four
Derek pulled off of highway 50 and entered the little town of Haven, hoping that the small town would offer some of what its name promised.  He felt as if he would burst with conflicting emotions at any moment.  Rage welled within him at what Mr. Awphel had done to his parents, which conflicted with the relief that he felt in knowing that he’d gotten Julie away from his house before she could be infected.  Relief was followed by disappointment that the device Julie had been fiddling with the last twenty-four hours was no closer to working.  The emotions churned in his gut, along with hunger pangs, and he realized that they’d last stopped for food over fourteen hours ago.  If he was starving, the girls had to be ravenous too.
He pulled the Nova into a deserted parking lot next to a small café.  The bright orange and yellow painted lettering in the windows promised ‘Old-fashioned burgers and fries’.
“Yay, food!” Amy said from the back seat.
Derek couldn’t quite tell, but he thought that she might just be being serious, not sarcastic.    
“I’m sorry, Derek,” Julie said, uttering the first words she’d said since they’d left the football team behind them, chasing them down his street.  Since then, she’d been tinkering with the device.  “I thought I had it working!”
“It’s not your fault, Julie.  Besides, Mr. Awphel had already infected them by the time we’d gotten there.  It was my fault for being late. It had nothing to do with the device not working.”
“Yes, but if I had gotten it working, we could have uninfected the entire football team.  And it would have been very convenient to have them on our side, instead of the other way around,” Julie said.
“But-“
A sharp rap on his window interrupted him, and Derek looked up to see a Deputy Sheriff at his window.
Derek rolled down the window immediately, “Yes, Officer?”
“You kids from Wichita?” the deputy asked.  
“Yes,” Derek answered, wondering at the mean look in the deputy’s eye.  They hadn’t done anything.  They were only stopping for food.
“I’ve heard reports of what the teens are doing in Wichita for two days straight now.  We don’t want no trouble like that here.  I think you’d all better get back on the highway.”  The Deputy glared at Derek.
“But, Officer,” Amy whined from the back seat. “We were just stopping for burgers. We’re hungry.”
“No stopping.  If you’re hungry, keep driving, Hutchinson is not far away.  You can get something to eat there. We don’t want your kind here.”
“But-“ Amy started to argue, but Derek cut her off, seeing the Deputy’s eyes narrow.
They didn’t need any trouble, either.  And if they stayed here, that’s just what they were going to get.  
“It’s okay, we’ll leave.” Derek told the Deputy.
The Deputy gave them all a glare, “See that you do.  Now.”
Derek nodded and started to roll up the window as the Deputy stepped back away from his car.   He was looking at the Deputy’s face when he saw the man’s eyes widened. That was the only warning he got before the Nova was hit from behind with such force that its tires squealed at it was pushed violently across the dilapidated parking lot.   The back window shattered inward, broken glass raining down.   Amy and Marcia screamed. Derek heard metal crunching at the rear of the car as his body flew forward from the force and rammed into the steering wheel.  His breath left him with a whoosh.
Before he could get his bearings, the doors were jerked open, and two teens from school were hauling Amy and Marcia outside.
The Deputy stepped forward, “Stop!  Put your hands up where I can see them.”
The boy holding Marcia just laughed and pulled her closer, jabbing a needle into her neck in one swift motion.
“No!” Julie screamed from the passenger seat.  She leapt from the car and launched herself at the boy holding Amy in a choke-hold, his arm tight around her neck.
“You’re not doing that to my sister too!” she pummeled the boy’s face with her small fists.  He batted her aside like a pesky fly.
Julie was knocked against the car.
Derek’s breath came back with a painful wheeze and he climbed out of the car to help Julie just as the other boy dropped Marcia onto the ground when she began to writhe in his arms.
The Deputy ran forward, his hand now brandishing a Taser.  He shot the boy right in the chest.  The boy dropped like a stone.
Julie managed to launch herself at the other boy again, just as he aimed a needle for Amy’s neck. 
Amy screeched and stomped on the boy’s foot, then, in a move that surprised Derek as much as it astonished her attacker, she angled her face into the boy’s elbow and bit him.  Hard.
The boy howled in pain just as Julie landed a couple of hard slaps against his face.  During the melee, Amy squeezed out of his hold and dropped to the ground.  She came up with a handful of dirt, which she threw in the boy’s face.
Derek was rounding the car to help, but the Deputy was faster.  He pushed Derek aside and Tasered the second boy.  
After the kid fell to the ground, silence reigned for a moment, the only sound the panting of breath as all of them tried to recover from the ordeal.
Then Amy gave a nervous laugh and hugged Julie hard, “Thanks, Sis!”
Julie hugged her back, “I thought he had you there for a minute.”
“What’s going on here?” the Deputy demanded.  He turned to confront Derek, just as Derek saw Marcia roll over and pick up a discarded syringe.  She rose up behind the man and plunged the needle into his back before Derek could do anything to stop her.
She only injected half of the orange goo into the Deputy before he spun away from her. 
The Deputy spun around to face her, the Taser raised, but before he could pull the trigger he collapsed at Marcia’s feet.
“No adults must know,” she shouted, as a bit of drool slithered down her cheek.
Marcia staggered toward Julie, the syringe still in her hand.
“Marcia!” Julie shouted.  “Marcia don’t!”
Amy grabbed her sister’s arm and hauled her backward before she could run to her friend.  “She’s infected, Julie.  Back up!”
“Try the weapon,” Derek yelled at Julie.
“But it wasn’t working!” Julie yelled back as she maneuvered toward the car to get the weapon.
“Try it anyway.  As a diversion.”  Derek placed himself in front of Marcia to distract her.  “Hey, Marsh.  What are you doing?   You don’t want to hurt us.  We’re your friends.  It’s me, Derek.”
He held his hands up and waved them around a bit to distract her further.  Her eyes looked glazed as her head swung from him, to Julie, to Amy and back to him again.  
“Directives,” Marcia muttered, stepping closer and raising the half-full syringe as if to stab him with it.
“Think, Marcia!” Amy shouted, joining in with the distraction efforts.  “Think what you are doing.  Fight it!”
Marcia’s eyelids twitched and her mouth when a bit slack.  “Must…”
Out of the corner of his eye, Derek saw Julie pull the weapon out of the car and point it at Marcia.   
The Deputy on the ground began to convulse, his body gyrating in the dirt, spittle flying from his mouth.
Julie fired the weapon, and a beam of light sizzled by Derek’s head to hit Marcia in the chest.  
Nothing happened, but he hadn’t thought it would.  
Marcia surged forward before Derek could get the drop on her. She hadn’t been diverted.  The blast had seemed to focus her more, actually.  Derek wrestled with her as she tried to bring the needle close to his neck. She was much stronger than he’d thought.  Perhaps the nanobots increased strength too?
Derek saw Amy creep toward the Deputy.
He pushed Marcia away, but she came right back at him.
“I don’t want to hurt her, Julie!” he shouted.
“I know, don’t let her stick you though!”  Julie moved closer.  “Marcia, stop it!”
Instead of helping the Deputy, Amy grabbed his Taser and fired it at Marcia.  
Marcia dropped in her tracks.
“I’m sorry, Marcia,” Amy said, still holding the Taser.  “So sorry.”
Julie came closer, kneeling at Marcia’s side.  “We’ve got to get out of here! If they found us, more will be here any minute.  But I don’t want to leave her like this.”
“Let’s tie her up and bring her with us. We can get rid of all of the syringes, and she won’t be much of a threat after that,” Derek suggested.
Julie nodded, then carefully reached over to take the syringe from Marcia’s hand. “Do we have anything to tie her up with?”
Amy grinned and bent over the Deputy, “Got it covered!”  She removed the handcuffs from his belt and tossed them to her sister, then removed the keys and a couple of extra Taser cartridges and stuffed them in her pocket.
Julie gave Amy a weak smile, “Thanks.”
In the distance, Derek heard the wail of a siren.  Someone in the café must have called help for the Deputy.  And he didn’t want to be around when they arrived.   They would surely be arrested for their part in the action.
“Let’s go.” He helped Julie put the cuffs on Marcia, then hauled the girl up and carried her to the car.  The Nova was in bad shape, but thanks to its all-metal classic car body, he thought it would still drive.  He buckled Marcia securely into the seatbelt, her bound hands behind her. It wouldn’t be comfortable when she awoke, but she wouldn’t be able to get out of the seatbelt.
Julie and Amy piled into the car, both in the front seat, and Derek hopped in the driver’s seat and turned the key.  The Nova started right up, and Derek gave a sigh of relief.
He put the car in gear and gunned the powerful engine.  Metal screeched as the Nova tore away from the car still rammed against its trunk, and then they were on their way.


 
Chapter Twenty-Five
“I have to figure out how to make this thing work!” Julie muttered, not sure if she was talking to herself or to Derek and Amy.  Her mind was working overtime, trying to come up with a solution to the problem, while at the same time her heart was breaking for her best friend.  Marcia looked so pitiful, slouched in the back seat, her hands bound behind her back and her head nodding from side to side with the motion of the car.  
Julie avoided looking at her, because every time she glanced back to make sure Marcia was still okay, her heart constricted in pain. What if she couldn’t find the solution in time?  What if the nanobots drove all of the infected insane before they could be deactivated?  She didn’t know what she would do if she had only herself to blame for her friend’s insanity.   And what about Derek’s parents and Colin?  Derek had to be feeling just as horrible as she did right now.   
At least Colin and Derek’s parents were being cared for in a hospital, not tied up in the back of the car. Poor Marcia.  Julie wondered if it had hurt when Amy had Tasered her.
With a gasp, Julie realized something.  The Professor had said that the device functioned like a Taser when it worked correctly.  She wondered if he’d ever tried the real thing?  What if he’d been too caught up in creating his own device – one that would simultaneously disable the victim and introduce the nanobot inhibitors into their system - and hadn’t realized that a regular Taser would work?   The professor’s device did deliver the inhibitors, but did it also have to deliver the shock?  Perhaps not.
“I’ve got an idea!” Julie turned around in her seat so she could see Marcia, then taking a deep breath, she shot her friend right in the chest with the professor’s device.  The bright light filled the car for a moment, Marcia’s body jerked around a little and then she was still again.
“What did you do that for?” Amy demanded.  “She’s already unconscious!”
“The Professor said the weapon was supposed to act like a Taser.  What if a real Taser would work instead? What if we only need the weapon to inject the inhibitors after the person has actually been Tased?”
“But how can you tell if it worked?” Derek asked her.  
“I don’t know, I guess we will have to wait until she wakes up,” Julie turned around and flopped back down in her seat, her hair whipping around her face from the wind.  She didn’t know what she’d expected to happen, but it hadn’t been nothing.   
“I’m starving.  Can we stop for food?” Amy muttered into the depressing silence.
“Sure, we’re just a few miles from Hutchinson. We’ll go through a drive-through.  I don’t want to risk stopping again.”
Julie turned around again, squinting to look through wind blowing in the broken back window, “Why, do you see someone following us?”
Derek nodded and looked at her out of the corner of his eye, “Yeah, there are lots of cars behind us, the problem is I can’t tell which ones are a threat and which ones aren’t.”
Marcia moaned slightly.  The sound filtered up to Derek as he drove into the Hutchinson city limits.  As he took the turn onto Airport Road, he noticed several cars also turned, but they followed at a distance, so he couldn’t quite tell if they were simply going the same direction as he was, or if they were filled with more of the nanobot zombies.
Marcia moaned again, and Julie swiveled in the seat beside him to look at her friend.
“I think she might be coming around,” Julie told him.  
Derek wasn’t sure if he was happy to hear that or not.  If Marcia awoke and was still infected, then that meant they were back to square one and would have to figure out how to control her while she was conscious and infected.  However, if she woke up and wasn’t infected, then they’d be going right back to Wichita to use the device on his parents.  And while he couldn’t wait to see them healthy and whole again, going back meant putting them all, including Julie, in danger again.   
Right now, in the car, they were relatively safe.  If he could say the same thing about Colin and his parents, if they weren’t infected, he would be tempted to just keep on driving and put distance between them and the whole nanobot problem – just so he could keep Julie safe and at his side.
Marcia moaned again and Derek looked for a quiet place to pull over.   They’d probably need a little time to watch Marcia after she woke up so they could determine if she was still infected.  If it became necessary to Taser her again, he didn’t want anyone to see them do it.  That would just open up other problems for them.
Just off of Airport Road, he found an old manufacturing warehouse, apparently closed down and unused.  The place was enormous.
He pulled the Nova into the parking lot and around the back of the massive facility, making sure that the car couldn’t be seen from the road.
“What are we doing?” Amy asked, a hint of a whine in her voice.  “I’m really hungry. Can’t we pull over after we get something to eat?”
Derek shook his head, “No, Marcia is starting to wake up, and when she does, I don’t want anyone around to see if she’s not herself.  If she starts acting crazy and she’s still infected, we’re going to have to do something. And whatever we do probably won’t be very pleasant for Marcia, as much as I hate to say that.”
Amy nodded.  Julie looked grim.
As if on queue, Marcia groaned again. 
Derek angled his body in the front seat so he could watch her.  Amy turned around, kneeling on the front seat and pointed the Taser at Marcia, bracing it on the back of the Nova’s seat.  
Julie sighed and took the Taser away from her sister.  Quickly reloading it with one of the spare cartridges that Amy had taken from the Deputy.  She then gave the Taser back to Amy.  Derek was sure he didn’t want to know where she’d learned to reload a Taser.  Hopefully it was just something she’d read and retained.
She shrugged a little when she saw him look at her, “Just in case.”
She turned to watch Marcia, and the worry and hope on her face as she watched her friend made Derek’s heart wrench with feeling for her.
Marcia’s eyelids fluttered and Derek felt his muscles tense.  He had to be ready for anything. 
After another moan, Marcia’s eyes opened slowly.  Her gaze was a bit unfocused as she looked around.  
“What happened?” she asked in a groggy voice.  
Chapter Twenty-Six 
“You don’t remember what happened?” Julie asked Marcia, a frown wrinkling her brow.
“No,” Marcia sat up further.  It took her a moment to realize that her hands were bound behind her back. She struggled for a moment against the cuffs, then groaned again and slumped back against the seat.
“My shoulders hurt.  Why am I tied up?”
“My fault,” Amy said.  “I’m sorry, Marcia, but I Tasered you.  And then we put the Deputy’s handcuffs on you.”
“We couldn’t leave you there, Marsh.  But you were infected, and we had to do something,” Julie offered apologetically.
“Infected?” Marcia asked, as she struggled a little to sit up a bit straighter. 
“Yes,” Derek assured her.  “You were.  You took a shot right in the neck.”
“I feel ok now.  Could you please help me out of the car and take these cuffs off of me?  My hands are going numb.”
Julie grinned, “Sure, Marsh!”
She hopped out of the car and quickly helped Marcia out of the back seat.  Amy slid out of the car and handed over the keys to the handcuffs.   Julie made short work of releasing her friend.
Derek got out of the car and joined the girls.   He still wasn’t totally convinced that Marcia was completely recovered.
He leaned against the Nova as Marcia rubbed her wrists.  “Are you sure you are feeling ok?  You were acting pretty crazy back there.”
“I’m sorry if I hurt anyone,” Marcia said. She didn’t meet his eyes, instead staring at the ground as she continued to rub her wrists. 
“It’s okay, Marcia, you didn’t know what you were doing,” Julie reassured her friend.  
“I’m really sorry that I had to shoot you,” Amy told Marcia, then reached over to give the girl a hug.
Marcia reached up to hug Amy back, and then, in a move that took Derek completely by surprise, she yanked the Taser out of Amy’s hand and jumped back.
“I surprised you, didn’t I?” Macia sneered.  She waved the Taser around, pointing it at the three of them in turn, settling it so that it pointed at Amy.  “Who should I shoot first?  Amy?  I owe you one, don’t I?”
She pointed the Taser at Julie, “Julie?  Not much of a threat, and my supposed best friend? Or…”
She moved the Taser to point at Derek, “Derek, the muscle of the group.  A definite threat.  You could easily overpower me.  Hmmm, I just can’t decide.”
She looked at the three of them, but she left the Taser pointed at Derek.
He found himself wishing that they weren’t all standing so close.  If they weren’t it would offer them a better chance.  Zombie Marcia was right, he was the real threat to her.  He was stronger than both Amy and Julie, and had a better chance at overpowering her.  Amy might be able to help if she could get the Taser back, but Derek knew that Julie could never hurt her friend, no matter what.  
While he was mulling over his course of action, another car rounded the side of the huge warehouse, coming fast.
“My friends are here,” Marcia announced gleefully.
Julie grabbed Amy’s arm and started to edge away.
Marcia moved the Taser to point right at her, “Don’t think I won’t shoot you just because you are Marcia’s best friend.  I will.”
“But you are Marcia,” Amy said.
Marcia chuckled roughly, “You’re wrong. You may see Marcia’s body here, but it is only a vessel for the nanobots now.  I’ve found a way to use them as a sort of remote control.”
Derek stood up a little straighter, ready to lunge at Marcia if she fired the Taser at Julie.
Marcia continued her monologue, almost ignoring him, and her supercilious tone of voice reminded him of someone.  “You see, before I was only programming the nanobots with my directives, and then letting the nanobots force the host into action.  However, that caused problems, because it left the interpretation of how to accomplish those directives up to the host’s mind.”  Marcia snorted in derision and rolled her eyes, as if to emphasize just how stupid some of the hosts were.  “As you no doubt noticed, that proved disastrous in some of the more simple hosts.  But I found a way to overcome that.  I boosted the range of the signal using a communications satellite I hacked into and then I used the nanobots as receivers. Now I’m in direct control of this body.”
“Mr. Awphel,” Derek said, knowing it was true. 
Marcia’s head nodded, and her face smiled in victory, “Yes, quite right, Derek.  So, don’t think I won’t shoot Julie, because I will.”
The oncoming car screeched to a halt yards away, and Derek saw six football players pile out.  All of them looked like they had a score to settle, and he realize that they were the same guys who had been at his parents’ house.
“Run,” Julie yelled.  She pushed Amy toward the front of the car as she took off in the other direction.
Derek made a lunge for Marcia, but Mr. Awphel’s control was too quick.  He fired the Taser at Julie.  Her muscles seized at the hit, and she dropped like a stone.  Derek shoved Marcia hard, jerking the Taser out of her hand as she grappled with him.
Amy darted towards her sister, but one of the football players headed her off, and she changed direction, making a run for the abandoned facility.  Four of the football players pelted after her.
The other two grabbed Derek’s arms, forcing him to drop the Taser, and hauled him away from Mr. Awphel.  Derek recognize them as Mitch Feldway and Harry Birgman.  Birgman and Feldway were two of the biggest guys on the team, and he was having a hard time trying to break their hold on him.
Marcia’s eyes looked hollow as she chuckled Mr. Awphel’s rusty laugh and stepped forward as Derek struggled.
“You’ve led us on quite a chase, Derek, but now it is time to join us.” Mr. Awphel turned to Feldway and held out his hand. “I trust you’ve brought the nanobots?”
Feldway gave Derek a rough shove toward Birgman. Birgman grabbed him in a backwards bear hug, squashing his chest and forcing the air of out his lungs, as Feldway handed over a filled syringe to Mr. Awphel.
Mr. Awphel grinned as he took the syringe.  “You’ve been lots of trouble, Derek. I’m tired of it. Such a shame about your parents.  It didn’t have to be that way, you know.   You’re going to be infected with the nanobots now, if you’d have only capitulated sooner, your parents wouldn’t have had to be involved.”
Derek wanted to smash his fist against Mr. Awphel’s face. Except, it wasn’t Mr. Awphel’s face staring back at him.  It was Marcia’s.   And he didn’t want to hurt her body if he didn’t have to.
In a last ditch effort, Derek stomped on Birgman’s foot as he simultaneously brought his elbow back into the guy’s gut as hard as he could.  Birgman gasped and his hold loosened.  Derek sucked in a deep breath, broke Birgman’s hold by shoving outward with his upper arms, then reached back to grab the guy’s arm.  Using momentum, Derek bent forward and flipped Birgman over his head.  
Birgman hit hard on the pavement, toppling Mr. Awphel over, and Derek didn’t waste a moment waiting to see what happened next.  He scooped up the Taser from the pavement and sprinted toward Julie.
Picking her up, he slung her limp body over his shoulder in a fireman’s hold, and took off in a sprint towards the abandoned facility.  A door stood open on the far side, and he guessed that it indicated the way that Amy had taken to get inside.
He headed in that direction.  He had to find a way to get Amy and Julie away from here, and quick.  He was now outnumbered seven to one, and with Mr. Awphel’s ability to use any one of those bodies against him, he knew that escape was the only option. 
Just as he reached the door, Amy stepped out, followed closely by the four football players.  
Derek slowed to a stop, adjusting his grasp on Julie so she didn’t fall to the pavement.   
A bit of drool slid down Amy’s cheek and her eyes looked wild with unfocused frenzy.   She held a syringe in her hand.
Derek’s hope sank.  He didn’t know how many more times the Taser would fire.  It might need to be charged or something.   And with Julie incapacitated and slung over his shoulder, he knew that fighting was out of the question.   Running was also a poor option, since Julie’s weight would slow him down.  He would be easily caught.





Chapter Twenty-Seven
Derek edged toward the building as Amy stepped out to confront him.  The four guys behind her followed like robots.
Birgman, Feldway and Mr. Awphel soon joined the little group.
Mr. Awphel chuckled, “What will you do now, Derek?  Looks like you’ve got no way out.”
Derek turned to face Marcia’s body, shifting so that the building was at his back.  
Amy and the four football players joined Birgman, Feldway and Mr. Awphel in front of him.  Derek inched closer to the door.
As he’d hoped, Mr. Awphel couldn’t resist gloating, “I knew that my superior intellect would triumph over your sad attempts at escape.  It was only a matter of time.”
Derek wanted to keep him talking. “Why are you doing this Mr. Awphel?  The students have done nothing to deserve this sort of treatment.”
“It doesn’t matter if they deserve it or not.  That point is irrelevant.  This is for science, Derek.  The advancements I’ve made with the nanobots are going to earn me a Nobel prize.  And recognition among those in the Scientific Community!  And, of course, the money that I’ll earn when I sell the technology is also a bonus.”
“You don’t care how many people get hurt, do you?” Derek asked.  He was almost to the door.  If he could keep Mr. Awphel bragging about his own importance long enough, he might just have a chance.
Mr. Awphel didn’t disappoint him, “Well, to be perfectly honest, I don’t think of it in those terms.  Who gets hurt and who doesn’t is irrelevant, as I said.  Throughout history, some have had to make sacrifices in order to provide scientists with the data they needed to make advancements in technology and science. That’s just how it works, Derek.  It is nothing personal.”  Mr. Awphel grinned maliciously.  The malevolent expression looked odd on Marcia’s face.  “Although, it has been quite an enjoyable experience using the students as test subjects.  It is gratifying to be able to finally make them listen, and to control their slovenliness and disgraceful study habits.”
Derek slid another inch toward the door.  “So, if you can ‘remote control’ Marcia, can you do that to anyone infected with the nanobots?”
“Certainly! It is a most useful discovery, I can assure you.  And,” Mr. Awphel raised Marcia’s arms and gestured to Marcia’s body.  “I picked a most effective first subject for that, didn’t I?  You have to admit, I fooled you completely.”
“Yes, you did,” Derek agreed, right before he pointed the Taser at Marcia’s chest and pulled the trigger.  To his relief, it fired.   Marcia’s body jittered and dropped to the pavement.
Derek lunged toward the door and was just able to make it inside and slam the heavy barricade shut before the football players realized what had happened and started after him.  He heard one of them hit the door a mere second after he’d slammed it shut.
He threw his shoulder against the door as it bounced open an inch or two, his left hand fumbling for a lock while he held Julie securely with his right.  
In the dark gloom of the building, he ran his fingers up and down the side of the door, but he couldn’t find the lock.   All that his fingers encountered was a jagged edge in the metal from a spot where the lock used to be.  He turned to brace his back against the door to keep it closed and then pulled Julie down into his embrace, letting her feet touch the floor as he held her up against his chest.
“Julie, wake up!” He hissed at her in the darkness, holding her tighter as the door bounced again, almost launching him forward.  He braced his legs and leaned against the door with more force. 
Julie didn’t stir, so he raised his voice a little.  “Julie!  Wake up!”
She groaned and he felt her hands come up to grasp his sides. “What?”
“Are you ok?  Do you think you can move?” Derek asked.
“I’m not sure.  I feel strange, but I’ll try.”
“Okay, I’m going to let go of you now and I want you to try to find a spot to stand on at the top of the door.  It is hard to see in the dark, but I think there is a small ledge up there where the doorjamb ends and the support beams begin.  If you can get on top of one of the beams, I think you’ll be able to stay up there fairly easily. I’ll give you a boost. I’m going to keep them out while you find a perch up there.   If everything works out, we’ll be back in the car in just a few minutes.”
“Where’s Amy?” Julie asked, pushing out of his embrace to stand on her own.
“I’m sorry, Jules, but they got to her. She’s infected.”
He heard her horrified gasp in the darkness.  “Oh, Derek, no!  Not Amy!”
“I’m sorry,” he said again, wishing there was something more he could say.  “We have to get out of here to save her though.  We’re the only two left who know what’s going on.  If we don’t get out of here, who knows how long Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt will continue this experiment?   We’re Amy’s only hope, so just hold on to that thought and climb up there.  We’d better hurry, I’m not sure how much longer I can hold the door shut.”
Julie’s form was only a shadow of grey in the darkness, but he saw her nod.
He pressed back against the door with all of his strength as they shoved at it again from the outside. 
“Come on.  Up you go.” He reached out to pull her closer, then bent his knees a bit more to form a step for her to stand on.  She placed her hands on his shoulders and he lifted her to stand on his knee.  “You’ll have to stand on my shoulders in order to reach the support beams, Jules.”
“But I don’t want to hurt you!”
Despite their circumstances, he couldn’t help but grin in the darkness.  “You won’t hurt me, Jules.  You weigh less than a mosquito!”
He heard her huff of indrawn breath, almost as if she were insulted by his comment.  “I’m not sure I can do it.  My legs are shaking like crazy from the aftereffects of the Taser.”
“Okay, then.” He reached out to find her hips in the darkness and hefted her up to help her stand on his shoulders.  He let his hands slide down to her ankles to brace her stance as she stood up.  The position was awkward, and he hoped that the infected outside wouldn’t choose that moment to bash against the door again.   
Julie’s feet shifted on his shoulders for a moment.  “You can let go now, I can feel the beam with my hands.”
A second later, her slight weight left his shoulders.
He tried to listen to the sound of Julie scrabbling around on the support beams, so that he could judge when it would be best to let the door crash open, but he couldn’t hear well over the sound of the pounding that had begun on the outside of the door.
The metal shuddered against his back, and he felt a sharp pain in his shoulder.  He took a deep breath and hoped that the infected students were still as stupid as they’d been at his parents’ house.  Otherwise his plan wouldn’t work.  And if Mr. Awphel had taken control of one of their bodies, he wouldn’t have a chance.  Mr. Awphel was anything but stupid.  He wouldn’t fall for the plan.  Derek only hoped that the shock of the Taser on Marcia’s body might have had some effect on Mr. Awphel, too.
He took a deep breath and wrenched himself away from the door, stepping to the side so that he would be behind the door when it swung open. 
Seconds later, the door burst open, rebounding against his chest.  Derek silenced his gasp of pain and pulled the door close to his body, hiding behind it.
He held his breath as he heard them enter the building at a run.  A moment later, he heard the sound of them sprinting off into the darkness.  He tried to count how many of them had passed, but it was impossible.  There were too many sets of footfalls to count.
His chest ached from holding his breath, and he quietly sucked in some air, waiting until just the right moment. 
He heard nothing but the sound of their footsteps deep in the building.  He waited a moment longer, than slowly slid out from behind the door.
To his relief, he and Julie were alone except for Marcia’s unconscious body lying outside the door.  The rest had run headlong off into the heart of the building. 
He stepped into the rectangle of light cast by the open door and looked up to find Julie’s perch.  Afraid to speak and risk being heard, he motioned for her to come down to him and held out his arms to catch her.
A moment later, she swung down from the beam, hung for a second by her arms, and then dropped into his waiting embrace.
He wasted no time getting to the Nova.   He opened the door and deposited Julie into the passenger seat.  “Try to get that thing working while I disable their vehicle.”
Julie nodded and picked up Professor Whit’s device.
His heart was pounding as he turned to race over to their car.  They had left the doors hanging open in their haste to get out and he reached inside to pop the hood.  Thankfully, it was an older model car, and it didn’t take long to remove a few spark plug wires.  He took the cap off of the radiator too, just for good measure. 
After slamming the hood shut again, he jogged back to the Nova.  He was surprised when Julie launched herself from the car and gave him an impromptu hug. She squeezed him tight for a minute, and before he could return the embrace, she stepped back, grinning.
“I think I’ve done it! I don’t know why I didn’t think of it before. Probably over-thinking things.  But, my brain is still a bit fuzzy from the shock, and so I remembered this article I read that said…”
He cut her off.  “Julie, I hate to interrupt, but if we want to test it and still make sure we can get out of here safely, we’d better hurry.  You don’t need to tell me how you found the frequency, it is enough for me to know that you did.”  He pulled her close for another quick hug and then dared a quick victory kiss to her lips.
She didn’t rebuff him.  In fact, she held him close for a few seconds when he would have stepped back from the kiss.  Even in the midst of their circumstances, that fact stood out to him.  He felt a surge of hope. Hope that they’d be able to fight back now, and hope that his relationship with Julie was headed in the right direction.
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Derek pulled the Nova closer to the building, angling the vehicle so that the path of escape was clear and the passenger side was next to the door. 
Julie pointed the device toward the opening through the Nova’s broken passenger window and tried not to allow her arm to shake.  She sucked in a breath and held it, trying to calm her nerves a bit.  It wouldn’t do any good if the device worked if she couldn’t hit her target when the time came.  
She hoped that Amy would be the first out of the building, because she didn’t know how many times the device would fire without having to take time to charge.  So far, she hadn’t fired it repeatedly.  She’d tested it on Marcia, and then stashed her friend’s still-unconscious body in the back seat, once again handcuffed to avoid an attack if the device still didn’t work.  Marcia hadn’t awoken, so they still didn’t know if the device was working.
She turned away from the door and gave Derek a nod, then quickly focused back on her target area.   
Derek laid on the Nova’s horn.
The blare of the horn rebounded from the steel sides of the massive facility, causing her ears to ring.
He stopped pressing the horn after a moment, and they both peered into the open doorway, listening for sounds of footsteps.
It only took a moment for them to approach.
Julie steadied her arm against the door and placed her finger on the trigger.  To her relief, Amy was the first out of the building.  Julie gritted her teeth and said a quick prayer for success before she pulled the trigger mechanism and shot her sister.
Bright bluish light sizzled through the air and Amy dropped like a stone.  Julie felt a flare of victory sprout in her chest.  The device hadn’t incapacitated anyone before.
Feldway was next out of the building, followed closely by a boy she didn’t recognize.  She shot them both.  They both dropped to the pavement, unconscious.
One by one, she shot the rest of them as they emerged from the building.  Each time the device fired, and each time she doubted that it would. 
After they all lay on the ground, she heaved a sigh of relief.  “I think it is working!”
Derek nodded, “Better than before, anyway.  Let’s get Amy and get out of here.  If Mr. Awphel was remote controlling any of them, he’ll know we have a defense against his nanobots now.  We need to get back to the hospital as soon as we can, so he can’t do anything more to my parents.  He’s already tried to use them as leverage against us once before, I wouldn’t put it past him to do it again.”
Julie nodded and hopped from the car to help him gather Amy’s limp body up.  They put her in the back of the Nova.
Julie stepped back from the door and looked at he sister lying there so helplessly.  “Should we tie her up or something?  Just in case?  I don’t want to, but if she’s still a threat, then I’d hate for her to wake up on the ride home and do something awful.”
Derek nodded.  “I think you’re right.  I’ll see if I can swipe a belt or something off of the football team over there.  Maybe that will work.”
Derek turned to move away, and Julie noticed a large dark spot on the back of his shirt.  “Derek!  You’re bleeding!”
He turned back to her and grimaced.  “I know.”
“Why didn’t you say anything?” Julie was horrified.  She’d been so caught up in getting Amy back that she hadn’t even noticed that he was injured or in pain.
“There’s not much we can do about it right now, no point in saying anything.” He shrugged, then grimaced again.
“Let me see it,” Julie demanded.   She stashed the device in the waistband of her grubby jeans and moved to stand behind him.   A large gash in his shirt revealed a two-inch wide piece of jagged metal sticking out of his shoulder.  Julie shuddered.  “There’s a piece of metal stuck in your shoulder, Derek!  We can’t just leave it there!”
“You want to pull it out for me?”  Derek asked.  She thought she heard doubt in his voice.
She gave a nervous laugh, “Not really, no, but we can’t leave it in there.  I’m surprised you’ve been able to stand the pain.”
Before she could give him a chance to object, or herself a chance to think too much about it, she reached into the gap in his shirt.   The metal was slippery with his blood, but she managed to get a good grip on it.  She took a deep breath and yanked it out.
Derek gasped.
“I’m sorry!” Julie said as she flung the metal away from her.  A trickle of blood was flowing from the wound.  She sifted through her memory for any first aid information.  “I need to apply pressure to the wound.  We need some cloth or something.  Hopefully something clean.”
“There’s some clean towels in my duffel bag in the back seat of the Nova.  I use them when I go to the gym.”
Julie hurried to get one and came back to press it against his shoulder.
“We need to hurry up, Julie.  They’ll have to stitch me up at the hospital when we get there or something.”
Julie sighed.  “You’re right.  But you need to keep pressure on this for a while.  You’re not bleeding a lot, thank goodness, but it still needs to be done.  Why don’t you get in the car and I’ll find something to use to tie Amy up.”
She was surprised when he agreed.
After ushering him to the car, she wasted no time stealing a belt from Feldway’s pants and using it to truss up her sister’s wrists.  She buckled Amy in the seatbelt and quickly joined Derek in the front seat.
“Let’s get you to the hospital.”


Chapter Thirty
When Amy finally stirred in the back seat, Julie held her breath.  What if her sister wasn’t uninfected now? What if the device hadn’t worked this time?  What if Mr. Awphel “remote controlled” Amy and they couldn’t tell whether she was ok or not? 
Julie chewed her lip as she worried, noticing that Marcia had begun to move around as well. 
At least Julie didn’t think it was possible for Mr. Awphel to take control of more than one of them at a time. If the device hadn’t worked, surely one of them would show signs of being infected when they regained consciousness.
“Stop worrying,” Derek said from beside her.  “It’s going to be ok.  You’ll see.”
She shrugged.  “I hope you’re right.  Because if it isn’t, and the device doesn’t work, I don’t know what else to try.”
“It will work.  Have a little trust in yourself, Julie. You’re one of the smartest people I know.”
Julie felt herself blush.  “You’re just saying that because my brain stores facts like a computer database.   It really doesn’t mean I’m smart, it just means I have a great memory.”
Derek shook his head.  “You’re wrong.  You’re smart.  But you do have a hard time accepting a compliment, don’t you?”
Julie smiled sheepishly at him and nodded, “I guess.  Sometimes.”  She didn’t want him to know, but she’d often thought that it was a side effect of having a drug addict for a mother.  Her mother had told her that she was worthless and good for nothing so many times that unconsciously, she may have started to believe it.   So, when someone gave her a compliment, she almost automatically rejected it as untrue and insincere.
She glanced away from Derek’s face, feeling uncomfortable, and her gaze settled on the towel wedged between the seat and his shoulder wound.  It wasn’t completely saturated, but there was lots of blood on it.  “How is your shoulder? And how are you feeling? Do you feel weak?  Woozy? Shaky?”
Derek shook his head. “I’m fine.  I feel fine.  Don’t worry about me, you have enough to worry about right now.”
“So do you!  You must be so worried about your parents.  And Colin.”
“I am,” he admitted. 
Silence settled over them for a moment. She was sure that they were both worrying now.
Amy’s moan broke the silence.  
Her sister’s eyes popped open a moment later, and her gaze wasn’t unfocused.  It was sharp and aware.  Julie turned fully around to look at her over the back of the Nova’s seat, and Amy’s gaze met her own.
“What happened?  Am I ok?  Are you ok?  The last thing I remember is trying to get to you.”  Amy sat up and leaned forward towards Julie, but the seat belt held her back.
She glanced down at her bound hands, then back up at Julie.  “Oh, they infected me, didn’t they?  You had to tie me up.”
Amy paused, looking at Marcia, still unconscious, on the seat beside her. “Wait, if they infected me, then the device must work now? Since I’m talking to you and everything?”
“I hope so,” Julie told her.  “But how do I know that you’re you?”
“Um, not sure.” Amy frowned.  “Ask me a science question?  If I’m Mr. Awphel, then I won’t be able to resist answering to show my superior knowledge, right?”
Julie smiled.  “Not sure that would work. Let’s wait until Marcia wakes up and see if she’s infected. I’m thinking that Mr. Awphel can only take over one body at a time. If something is wrong with Marcia, then we’ll know you are not you.”
“Hey! Wait a minute!  I’m stuck back here with her.  What if she’s infected, and I’m not?”  Her sister’s protest sounded so in character that Julie had a hard time believing that Amy wasn’t Amy.
“I shot you both with the device.  If it works, you should both be uninfected now.  We’ll wait and see,” Julie told her.  “But don’t worry, I won’t let her attack you if she’s not cured.”
“Oh, thanks!”  Amy said sarcastically, then grimaced at her.  “And can we please get something to eat soon?  I’m starving!”
Derek laughed.  “Is that all you think about?”
“Well we have to eat!” Amy growled back.  “It’s not like I’m obsessed with food or anything, it has just been a really long time since we had a meal.”
“I guess you’re right.  You can get something at the hospital snack bar,” Derek replied.
Amy rolled her eyes, “Yuck.  Hospital food.”
“Better than nothing,” Derek teased.
Beside Amy, Marcia stirred and then sat up a bit.  She blinked, then looked around.  “Where am I?”
“You’re in the car.  We are headed back to Wichita, to Via Christi hospital,” Julie said.  “You were infected.  Do you remember?”
“Not much.  I mean, I remember stopping in Haven for a burger, but then…” 
“Then you were infected,” Derek chimed in.
“And you don’t remember anything after that?” Julie asked her.
“No,” Marcia sat up a bit straighter.  “Hey, why are my hands tied up?”
“Mine are tied, too, so don’t feel special,” Amy told her.
“We had to cuff you when we put you in the car,” Derek explained.  “So you wouldn’t attack us if the device didn’t work.”
“So it must work then?” Marcia asked.
“It must,” Amy agreed. “Neither of us are acting like Mr. Awphel.”
“Mr. Awphel?” Marcia asked, looking confused.
“It’s a long story,” Julie told her.  “You do both seem to be acting like yourselves.  I think it just might have worked.”
“I think, just to be on the safe side, we shouldn’t untie or uncuff them until we get to the hospital,” Derek said.  “I don’t think I can fend them off and drive too.”
“Oh, come on!” Amy sighed heavily and squirmed on the seat.  “It is at least another hour to the hospital.  My arms are going to go numb by then.”
“They’re right though, Amy,” Marcia said, in her usual peacemaking manner.  “I’m not too comfortable either, but if one of us is infected, it would be best to let us loose when they have a chance to run away.  They can’t do that if we are in the car driving down the highway.”
“And, I don’t want to stop and waste time trying it now.  I’m afraid that Mr. Awphel might have realized that we have a way to neutralize the nanobots.  I think we should get to the hospital as soon as we can before he starts trying to neutralize the witnesses, like my parents.  They’ll have a lot to say once we get the nanobots out of them. And I don’t think Mr. Awphel or Mrs. Mewt will be too happy if anyone starts talking.”
“Oh, Derek, I didn’t think of that!” Marcia murmured, looking upset.  “If we don’t get there before he does, just think of what he could do!”
Julie’s mind filled with horror.  It was true.  If Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt were feeling desperate, what was to stop them from killing the witnesses before they could talk?  Julie looked over to see Derek’s lips thin in determination.  
“I know,” he said.


Chapter Thirty-One
It had taken longer that they’d thought to get to the hospital.  The city looked like a war zone.   Wrecks seemed to be at nearly every intersection, houses were on fire, businesses were being looted as they passed – all of which, if the radio news report could be believed, had been caused by crazed teens.
The city had a surreal quality to it.  Julie had never seen so much destruction.
The hospital parking garage was packed with cars.  It was difficult to find a place to park the Nova, but Derek managed to do it in record time.
By the time they’d reached the hospital, Julie was certain that, without a doubt, Amy and Marcia were themselves again.  Derek must have felt that way too, because he helped her untie them as soon as they’d parked the car.
“So, what’s the plan?” Marcia asked, rubbing her wrists as they all started for the entrance to the hospital.
“I’m going to find my parents first and uninfect them before Mr. Awphel gets here.  After that, we’ll go see Ted and Melissa, and then take care of the others.” Derek was walking quickly, striding ahead of all of them in his rush to get inside and find his parents.
Julie was almost running in order to keep up.  When they reached the automatic doors, Derek hardly paused at all.   She knew that he was concerned for his parents, but he needed to show some caution.  “Derek, slow down. We’ve got to…”  Before she could finish her sentence, he stopped dead in front of her.  She almost ran into his back, dodging to the side at the last moment to avoid coming into contact with his injured shoulder.
“I’m glad you picked this door to come in, Derek, I’ve been waiting for you, and Mr. Awphel will be so glad to know you’re here.” Sharon Walker stood in front of them, a triumphant grin on her face.  She pulled her cell phone from her pocket and waved it at them.  Julie thought she looked like she was enjoying the moment.  “I can’t wait to tell him.  Stand right there while I call him.”
“Sharon, wait,” Derek said, stepping forward.
“No you don’t, Derek.   Come any closer and I’ll scream for the security guards.  And you’ll never get to your parents before Mr. Awphel does.  He’s on his way, you know.  He couldn’t come right over, but he sent me, and a few others, instead.” Sharon smirked at Derek, and Julie could almost feel the rage emanating from him.
“We don’t have time for this,” Julie announced as she stepped out from behind Derek and shot Sharon in the head with the device.  Sharon’s body dropped to the floor like a sack of potatoes.
“Thanks,” Derek said, his voice sounding a bit surprised.
“Sure, what are friends for?  Happy to help. She’s the first one I haven’t felt bad about shooting, too!”  Julie grinned at him and jammed the device back into the waistband of her jeans.
“You know, we’re going to have to be careful since we only have one of those,” Derek motioned to the device.  “And Mr. Awphel is on the way.”
Julie nodded, “I know.  And, if he’s called in reinforcements, then we’ll be outnumbered in no time.”
“I wouldn’t be so sure of that,” Marcia whispered.  “Have you even looked around?  This place is a zoo! If all the students are acting like this, then he may not have many more under his control.”
Julie hadn’t looked around, she’d been too focused on the altercation between Sharon and Derek.  Now she took a moment to take stock of her surroundings.  Marcia was right.  The hospital was in chaos.  Security guards seemed to be everywhere, and Julie even spotted quite a few police officers in the melee.  They all seemed to be trying to control a flood of teenagers who were acting like maniacs.  Some of them were running around, destroying everything in their path.   Others looked to be badly injured, screaming, yelling and bleeding as they wrestled with the doctors and nurses who were obviously trying to help them.  
The hospital itself was a mess.  The normally neat lobby, with its sedate furniture and potted plants, was torn apart.  Chairs were overturned, the potted plants knocked over and strewn helter-skelter across the lobby.  The floor was layered in papers that looked to be parts of patient files.  The tranquil fish aquarium, the focal point of the entrance to the hospital, had been broken and the floor was a mess of water, aquarium rock and dead fish mixed among the trampled papers.
The place looked nothing like when they’d come to see Melissa in ICU. 
“Wow,” Amy whispered as she took in the state of the lobby.
“Exactly,” Julie agreed.  The destruction both inside the hospital and out was unbelievable.  “We need to get moving.”
Derek nodded in accord.
“When I called earlier, they said your parents are in room 3210 on the 3rd floor,” Julie reminded him. 
“Then lets go,” Derek started across the decimated lobby, only to have his path blocked by a crazed student.  
The teen flew at him, landing a wild punch to his midsection before Derek could block him.  
Julie yanked the device from her waistband and fired at the kid before he could land another punch.
The bright light drew the attention of the security guards, police and the other teens.  In no time, they were faced with a rushing crowd headed in their direction. They were closing in fast.
Julie began firing at the teens as fast as she could, but the crowd rushed closer. The security guards and police took exception to her efforts, and began yelling at her. Several of the officers drew their weapons.
Julie was forced to stop firing.
“Run!” Amy screamed as the crowd rushed them.


Chapter Thirty-Two 
“Hurry,” Mrs. Mewt hissed at him.
“I’m trying,” Mr. Awphel hissed back, creeping slowly by a deserted nurses’ station.  “We have to be careful not to be seen.”
They were making their way down a hospital corridor on the third floor after barely managing to move past the mess in the lobby.   
“If only you’d thought of a failsafe!” Mrs. Mewt whined.
“Why didn’t you think of one?” he shot back. He was getting extremely tired of her whining.   He’d given more than a little thought to injecting her with the nanobots just to get her to quit nagging at him.  It wasn’t his fault that the nanobots had gone rogue and produced unexpected results in the infected. It wasn’t his fault that the rogue infected were now tearing apart the city. And it certainly wasn’t his fault that they now had to neutralize the adults who could bear witness against them if Derek and his little band of troublemakers managed to unifect them. 
Mrs. Mewt bore a certain amount of responsibility for the failure in their experiment too.  So why was she constantly nagging at him?  He wished mightily that she would just shut up!  
“If we can get rid of the adults, and those four kids, then we’ll be free and clear. No one else knows that we are behind the nanobot experiment.  The other students don’t know a thing about who infected them. And even if they manage to be uninfected, they won’t remember any of the directives that have been implanted into their minds.” He told her, trying to soothe her worries.  Just to make her be quiet.  It would be much more gratifying to just inject her, rather than trying to placate her.  But he couldn’t do that because he needed her help.  Perhaps he’d inject her later, when all of the threats had been neutralized.
“This is all your fault,” Mrs. Mewt whined.
“Don’t you lay this at my feet.  You were the one who made the Bio Mimic, for all we know, that’s where the flaw occurred.  Perhaps bonding the nanobots into the candy was what produced the unexpected results?  And, don’t forget, I was the one who discovered how to take conscious control of the infected subjects.  That has helped us immensely,” he told her.
She snorted, an inelegant, unladylike sound that grated on his nerves.  “If only that worked on the ones who have gone insane, then it might help.  As it is, only a few remain in our control.  Conscious control hardly helps our situation. Now, if we had autonomic control, we could simply stop their hearts and be done with it.”
“But we don’t, so we have to do this the old-fashioned way, and if you don’t be quiet and quit attracting attention, then we may not get to finish.”  Mr. Awphel glared at her.
Mrs. Mewt let out another snort, but she remained quiet as they slunk down the corridor.  
Fortunately for them, the severe emergencies in the city and the invasion of the hospital had left the hospital short staffed.  The hallways were all but deserted, giving them a better chance at success.
Mr. Awphel thought that perhaps he should feel some bit of remorse for what he was about to do, and perhaps he did, just a little.  However, self preservation was a good motivator, and so he pushed those tiny, niggling thoughts to the back of his mind and refused to think about what he was about to do.  The hardship of killing Sterling, Petrie and Derek’s parents was a small price to pay when compared to lifetime in prison, or worse, the loss of his research.  
Besides, he intended to make Mrs. Mewt take care of Sterling and Petrie.  She had to assume some of the responsibility.  Otherwise, if she wasn’t going to help him, then she might as well join the ranks of the infected.  He had realized that their partnership was no good now.  And the more he thought about it, the more he realized that she could not be trusted.   He wasn’t sure that she could keep her mouth closed about what had transpired, and he was even less sure that she wouldn’t try to take credit for his research and his work on the project when he finally made it public.
No, the more he thought about it, the more he realized that Mrs. Mewt should probably not be allowed to live out the day.
It was a good thing that he’d brought along two extra doses of strychnine – just in case.



Chapter Thirty-Three
Derek ran as fast as he could without leaving Julie, Amy and Marcia behind.  He tried to keep pace with them in order to protect them from unexpected attacks. Even though he was injured, his body was bigger and sturdier than theirs.  Using a linebacker’s approach, he was able to plow through the groups of crazed, infected teens without much damage.
Julie ran beside him, shooting anyone in their path who appeared to be infected.  They’d managed to lose the law enforcement on the first floor, right after a huge group of infected had mobbed the security officers and policemen chasing them.  
Their little group was now trying to make it up an emergency stairwell to the third floor.  It wasn’t easy.
Infected teens seemed to be everywhere, and if they hadn’t been sent by Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt to detain and forcibly infect them, then they were in an insane rage and trying to tear them apart with their bare hands.
Screams of the infected filled the stairwell as they fought each other in a crazed attempt to vent their rage on anything that was unlucky enough to be near them.  
Derek was just barely able to keep the girls from injury as they fended off attack after attack.  Without the device, which Julie was using with alacrity to even the odds, he knew they wouldn’t have had a chance.
One particularly strong infected kid took a flying leap and managed to attach himself to Derek’s back.  Before Derek could dislodge him, the kid dug clawed fingers into his shoulder wound.  Derek felt blood spurt from the wound and pain seared down his back.  A moment later, Julie shot the kid.  
Derek shrugged off the dead weight and battled on, crowding close to Julie to keep her safe.  
His wound now throbbed in time with the beat of his heart, and he was breathing hard. They all were.  Every step was a battle.   Several of the infected still blocked their path to the third floor exit door.
“Just a few more steps,” Marcia yelled. She had picked up the broken leg of a chair in the lobby, and she now swung it at an infected girl’s midsection.
“Hey, I thought you said we were trying to do as little damage as possible to them?  I mean, because they can’t help what they’re doing and all.” Amy asked Marcia as the air whooshed out of the girl’s mouth.  Amy was brandishing a weapon of her own, a broken set of cardiac paddles that they’d found on the first floor, which she used to smack the infected out of her way.  The cables to the paddles had been ripped free of their machine by one of the infected, and dangled like stray veins from a severed hand.
“Whatever works!” Marcia yelled back above the noise of the screams and yells echoing in the stairwell.
Julie was panting, but holding her own.  She fired the device over and over again, pushing the infected out of the way as they dropped at her feet.  
Within seconds, they’d cleared a path to the door and managed to slip through.
Marcia grabbed a toppled medication cart from nearby and crammed it under the doorknob so the mass of infected in the stairwell wouldn’t be able to follow them right away.  No doubt they would break down the door eventually, but the action offered a slight reprieve.
The corridor that they emerged into on the third floor was surprisingly quiet and seemed deserted.
Derek’s heart was beating overtime, the need to rush to his parents’ side growing within him. The violence of their fight to get to the third floor had not dissipated the adrenaline flowing through his veins. Despite his wounds, he felt as strong as a bull and ready to take on any obstacle that blocked their path.  He was willing to protect Julie and the device at all costs. 
Without the device, they’d have no hope of reviving his parents.  And without Julie, he wouldn’t feel like living.
“How many more times do you think that thing will work?” he asked her, gesturing to the device.   
“I have no idea,” she answered, brushing the hair out of her face as she looked up at him.  “It seems miraculous that it just keeps working.  The professor must have installed some sort of super power cell in it.  I hope it holds up until we can uninfect everyone.”
“I second that,” Marcia agreed.
“Well, don’t look now, but we’ve got company,” Amy interjected, pointing down the hallway where Mr. Awphel crept along the wall.
If the situation hadn’t been so serious, Derek would have laughed.  Mr. Awphel looked like he’d jumped out of a 1960’s spy novel, with his exaggerated movements of stealth and the black stocking cap covering his head.   There was no doubt that it was Mr. Awphel though. The man still wore his bow tie.
Derek quickly scanned the room numbers near where they stood, realizing in relief that his parents’ room was only four doors down, and that he was closer to it than Mr. Awphel.
Mr. Awphel noticed them a moment later.  He came to a stop and just stood there for a second, then ripped off his cap and threw it to the floor with a flourish.
“I’m glad to see you all here gathered together.  This will make things much easier for me.”  Mr. Awphel pulled a couple of syringes from his pocket.
Julie took a step back, but Derek moved forward to meet Mr. Awphel’s advance.
“Derek, don’t!  We don’t have any weapons!  This won’t work on him.” She brandished the device.  “If you get injected…”
“Then I’ll be infected, and you can just shoot me,” he told her, taking another step toward Mr. Awphel.  He planned to knock the man unconscious with as little action as possible. He was actually looking forward to getting a couple of good punches in. The man deserved to pay for what he’d done.  Surely it wouldn’t be too hard to knock him out.  Mr. Awphel was not very fit and definitely had quite a few years on Derek.  It wouldn’t be a problem.
“Well, that would be true if these syringes were filled with nanobots, Julie, but they’re not.  They’re filled with strychnine, which will stop even you, Derek.  Dead in your tracks,” Mr. Awphel told them, a smirk of victory stretching his malevolent face.
Beside him, Derek heard Julie gasp.
“Derek, you can’t,” she whispered.  “If he injects you… I couldn’t… I mean… I don’t want you to...die. Please, back off.”
“Yes, take the young lady’s advice, Derek and back off,” Mr. Awphel gestured them away in a shooing motion as he crept closer.
“There’s no way you’re going near my parents with strychnine, no way.” Derek held his ground.
“Mr. Awphel, think about what you are doing,” Marcia said.  “You’re going to commit murder.  Murder!”
Mr. Awphel laughed.  “I have little choice now, do I?  It must be done.  My involvement in this experiment cannot be discovered.”
Derek’s gaze flicked to Julie, she was standing right beside him.  She met his eyes and he quickly flicked his gaze to the device, then back to Mr. Awphel, before meeting Julie’s gaze gain, hoping she’d understand.  She nodded slightly as if she did.
“But, you can’t!” Amy told Mr. Awphel.
“I can, and I will. Now step out of the way,” Mr. Awphel uncapped a syringe and brandished the bare needle at them.
Derek lunged for Mr. Awphel just as Julie pointed the device at the man and fired. The bright blast of light hit Mr. Awphel right in the face, and Derek was able to knock the syringe from his hand and tackle him to the ground in that instant.  Mr. Awphel grunted as Derek’s weight landed on top of him.  He struggled a moment, but Derek held him firm.
“Yeah, get him Derek!” Amy shouted.
Derek sat up just slightly and rolled Mr. Awphel over so that he was face down on the floor, yanking his teacher’s arms behind his back.
“Guess strychnine wasn’t the best weapon to bring to this fight, now was it?” Derek growled in his teacher’s ear as he hauled the man to his feet.
“No, it certainly wasn’t,” a voice agreed.
They all turned to see Mrs. Mewt rounding the corner of the corridor.  She was holding a gun. And it was leveled right at Julie.



Chapter Thirty-Four
Julie wasn’t sure who was more surprised by Mrs. Mewt’s arrival.  Her, or Mr. Awphel.
“I told you to take care of Sterling and Petrie!” he bellowed at his cohort, his face turning a violent shade of red.
Mrs. Mewt simply smirked at him. “And if I’d listened to more of your faulty reasoning, where would we be right now?  Hmmm?”    She walked forward slowly, the gun still pointed at Julie. 
“Faulty reasoning…” Mr. Awphel sputtered, struggling in Derek’s grasp.
Mrs. Mewt seemed to ignore him, her attention now fully focused on Julie.  “Now, since we are the only two here who are armed, let’s just think about this a moment. Based on that little display a moment ago, your weapon doesn’t seem to be a threat, whereas my weapon can kill.”
She took a few more careful steps toward Julie.  “If only you had all just followed the rules, we wouldn’t be in this predicament, would we?”
“No, we would all be running around like crazed mindless idiots, destroying everything in our path.  Kinda like the rest of the kids you infected,” Amy sneered.
Julie shot her a sideways glance, silently ordering her to be quiet and not provoke Mrs. Mewt.  
Mrs. Mewt sneered back and pointed the gun at Amy.   A split second later, she fired.
Julie, Amy and Marcia screamed in unison.   
Julie whirled to look at her sister, relieved to see that Mrs. Mewt had missed. A bullet hole had appeared in the door to the stairwell, about four feet from Amy’s head.
“That was a warning shot.  I’m fed up with being back-talked by snotty little girls like you.  Now, let’s all move in an orderly fashion down the hallway to room 3210 before any more of the infected arrive, shall we?”  She gestured with the gun for them all to precede her.
Reluctantly, Julie turned to follow her instructions.  She saw that Marcia, and a horrified Amy, were complying as well.  Her sister was sheet white and trembling as she moved down the hallway.  Julie could imagine how she felt.  She herself had felt like her heart would stop when the shot was fired.
“And you,” she heard Mrs. Mewt say to Derek behind her. “Bring that idiot along with you.”
Julie heard Mr. Awphel mutter something as Derek pushed him along the hallway.
Julie’s mind was running fast.  Nothing good could come of Mrs. Mewt corralling them all together in Derek’s parents’ room. It would only make it easier for her to kill them all.  And she had no doubt that’s what Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt had intended when they’d come to the hospital.  They’d intended to kill the unconscious witnesses and Derek, Amy, Marcia and herself.  The syringes filled with strychnine had only solidified the realization.
Julie wasn’t sure how she could take Mrs. Mewt out without anyone getting shot.  She racked her brain to come up with something as they all moved inexorably closer to room 3210.
They were three feet from the door when dumb luck intervened.  The door to the stairwell burst open and infected kids poured into the corridor.  
They all turned at the horrific sound of the infected screaming and yelling as they boiled out of the stairwell, an angry mass of arms, legs and screaming mouths.
Derek took the opportunity to shove Mr. Awphel right at Mrs. Mewt. The man hit her dead on, and they both toppled to the floor.  The gun went off, a bullet plowing into the ceiling above their heads.  
“Move!” Derek bellowed, turning to herd them all toward his parents’ hospital room.  
Julie turned and ran, but then realized that there were other helpless patients on this floor other than his parents. The mob would kill them.
The mob of infected was already swarming over Mrs. Mewt and Mr. Awphel, pummeling and kicking them unmercifully.  Although it seemed like fitting justice that they were being attacked by their own creation, Julie felt a moment’s remorse for them. 
“Wait, we can’t just let them kill Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt, and the other patients.  We have to do something!”
Derek shoved Marcia and Amy into room 3210 and shut the door.  “Lock the door!” he yelled at them through the door.
The infected were getting closer and Julie started firing at them with the device.   One after another fell under the bright beam, but they kept coming.  Julie slowly backed away.
“What do you suggest?” Derek asked, appearing back at her side as she faced the raging mass.
“I don’t know!” she shouted back, firing into the oncoming horde as fast as she could.  The sizzling sound of the device filled the corridor and the constant blasts of blue light were beginning to hurt her eyes.  She was firing so fast it looked like a strobe light.
“I’ve got an idea, keep firing,” Derek told her as he surged forward.
He rushed past her, using his body to push and shove the infected back toward the door.  She helped him as much as she could by shooting everyone in his path.  
He pushed through the worst of them, managing to get to the door and slam it closed.  He fought off several more attackers while righting the cart and wedging it under the door again.
The infected surrounded him, and he became a machine, punching, kicking and shoving them as they attempted to bring him down.  
Bright arcs of light flew all around him as she kept firing, until finally the mass thinned, unconscious bodies lying piled helter-skelter all around Derek’s feet where they’d fallen.  Several stragglers remained, still attacking Mrs. Mewt and Mrs. Awphel. Julie shot them too. 
Silence descended upon the corridor, only the muted banging of the infected upon the stairwell door remaining, and Derek grinned at her.  “We did it!”
She laughed, grinning back, “Yes, we did.”
He strode toward her, stepping over bodies, stopping for a moment to pick up Mrs. Mewt’s gun from beside her prone body.  When he got to Julie’s side, he gathered her in a quick hug, twirling her around in his embrace in a gesture of shared victory.

Chapter Thirty-Five
Julie sat in the ER while a nurse bandaged the cuts on her arms. They’d told her there was nothing they could do about her black eye.  
 Derek was in the bay next to hers, sitting on a bed as a doctor stitched up the gash in his back. 
“Quite a pair, aren’t we?” he joked.  He was sitting facing her, sans his shirt, and she could see his many injuries.  He had quite a few more than she did.  Mostly because he’d played interference during the worst of it, protecting her.
She nodded, staring at him, wondering how she could tell him how much his help had meant to her.   And how scared she’d been when she’d realized that Mr. Awphel had strychnine in those syringes instead of nanobots.  Derek had been ready to sacrifice himself to save his parents. She’d been sure of it.
The nurse completed bandaging her arm and left the ER bay.  A moment later the doctor finished with Derek and left too. There were too many other patients in need of care for the hospital staff to spend any extra time on after-care instructions.  The ER was filled with the injured – thankfully, they were all uninfected due to the professor’s device.
When they were finally alone, Julie stared at Derek and cleared her throat.  “I haven’t gotten to say thank you, yet.  For all that you’ve done, not just for protecting me from the infected.  For everything.  I can’t tell you how much it means to me.”
He hopped down from the hospital bed and came to sit next to her.  “I should be thanking you.  You helped me uninfect my parents.   Because of your work with the device, they’re going to be okay.”
She leaned into his side as he put his arm around her.  “No thanks necessary.  I’m just glad you were with me during it all. And I’m glad you are okay.”
He squeezed, drawing her closer.
“Hey, you two,” Amy said as she bounced into the room.  “Everyone all patched up?”
She held up her right forearm, showing them the thick white bandage there.  “Only four stitches.”
“Got you beat,” Derek said. “Twenty-two, total.”
“Show off,” Amy grumbled.  She moved over to plop down on the other side of Julie.  “So, are you two dating now, or what?”
Julie pulled away slightly from Derek’s embrace and looked into his face.  “I don’t know, are we?”
“If you’ll have me,” he told her.   
She nodded emphatically, “I will.”
“So no more keeping your distance?” He winked at her and pulled her in close again.
Grinning, she winked back.  “No, you’ve worn me down and shown me the error of my ways.  You’re true blue, my knight in shining armor.  I guess I’ll just have to haul you along to Cornell when I go.  Are you willing?”
“I’m sure we can figure something out.” 
“Hey, speaking of Cornell, have Colin’s parents had him brought back yet?   I can’t wait to shoot him with the device. Maybe he’ll be so grateful that he’ll forget that he’s too old for me and ask me out?” Amy said, flashing them a mischievous grin.
“Forget it, Amy.  Colin isn’t for you.  I think Marcia has her eye on Colin, although she won’t admit it to anyone.  Anyway, what about Ted?  He seemed particularly grateful after we shot him earlier.”  Julie settled close to Derek, turning slightly so she could see her sister’s face. 
Amy’s grin grew wider.  “I do kind of like Ted.”
Marcia sauntered into the ER bay, joining them on the crowded bed as she perched on the end.  She tossed them each a candy bar. “I heard that, Julie.  And, after everything that’s happened lately, I’m ready to admit that I do have my eye on Colin.   If things turn out right, I plan to let him know that as soon as he’s uninfected.”
“I would love to see his face when that happens,” Amy joked, hastily unwrapping her candy. “And, speaking of funny expressions, I loved the ones that Mr. Awphel and Mrs. Mewt were wearing when the cops took them away.  Priceless.”
“What about the professor?” Marcia asked.
“Derek is going to drive me up there so that I can uninfect him,” Julie told her.  “He’s going to be lauded as a hero. His device saved a lot of lives today. I wanted to tell him that in person.”
“And where is his device now?” Marcia asked.
“I gave it to a police officer earlier.  He said he’d make sure to keep it safe while they uninfected the rest of the city,” Julie told her.  She snuggled closer to Derek, enjoying the warmth and security of having his arm around her.   For the first time in days she felt almost peaceful.  With the nanobot problem now in the hands of the local law enforcement, she felt like she could relax and settle back into her normal life.   
She tried to contain her grin as she remembered the shocked look on the police officers’ faces earlier when she’d filled them in on the nanobot infestation and handed over the device for them to use.   Mr. Awphel hadn’t been able to resist bragging and had fully corroborated her story when the officers had asked him about it.
“Are you all ready to go?” Derek asked as he removed his arm from her shoulders and slid down from the bed. “My parents are waiting for us at my house. My mom wanted to fix a big ‘thank you’ dinner for everyone.  Can you all come?”
Julie shared a look with Amy.  They might as well.  She certainly wasn’t looking forward to going home.  In fact, she may never return.   Like Marcia, she’d learned a few things over the last few days.  Her life as she’d been living it before just wasn’t going to work anymore.   She wasn’t going to live with a drug-addicted parent one more day.   And she wasn’t going to hold herself back from loving people, like Derek, just because she was afraid to let them get close to her. 
She hopped down off of the bed, ready to start her new life.   “Sure, sounds great.”






***


Preview of INFECTED (book two of Mind Mods):

Julie awoke to the sound of her phone ringing.  She groggily reached over to grab it from the nightstand.  The smartphone’s face glowed in the darkness.  It was 1:39 AM.  She answered the phone just to stop it from ringing.
“Hello?” she asked sleepily.  
“Julie?” The voice belonged to Officer Darnell of the Wichita Police Department.  She’d talked to him so many times recently, since the city’s teens had been infected with nanobots, that she now recognized the sound of his voice.
“Yes, it’s me.  What is it Officer Darnell?”
There was a pause as Officer Darnell hesitated to answer her question.  Finally, he cleared his throat, “Julie, there’s been a development.  The device has been destroyed.  There was an altercation with a group of out-of-control infected teens, and in the melee the device was broken beyond repair.”
Officer Darnell sounded upset, but it was nothing compared to the anxiety that shot through Julie.  She sat straight up in bed, no longer the least bit tired. “Destroyed?  But that was the only one!”
“Yes, I know.  That’s why I’m calling.  With no way to uninfect the kids, we are going to quarantine the entire city.  I want you to gather as many of the uninfected as you can and leave town before that happens.”
“But, that was the only device!”  Julie heard his words, but she was still stuck on the horrifying discovery that the only device that worked to deactivate the nanobots that were making the city’s teens act like crazed zombies had been destroyed.
“Yes, I know.  Julie, please pay attention,” Officer Darnell’s voice was tense.  “I’m not technically supposed to be warning anyone about the quarantine, but I want you out of the city.  You’re the only one who has a chance of stopping this.  You need to be out of the quarantine zone to make that happen.”  
“I appreciate your confidence in me, but I didn’t make the device. As I told you, a professor at Cornell created it, and he’s in a coma now because of the nanobots.  I was going to drive up with Derek tomorrow and use the device to uninfect him! We were going to pick up the device on our way out of town!”
“I know all that Julie.  That’s part of the reason why our officers were pulling an all-nighter.  We needed to deactivate as many of the infected as we could before you took the device back.”
“But I was only going to be gone for a few days.  And there aren’t that many infected left in the city, are there?  You’ve had the device for five days now. I couldn’t wait any longer.”  Julie heaved a sigh.  She’d been through this with him before.   “I owe it to the Professor to use his own device to rid him of the nanobots.”
“Julie, believe me, I know.  You’ve been very patient.” He heaved a matching sigh. “I’m afraid I do have more bad news, though.  The process of uninfecting all of the kids in the city is not going as smoothly as we had thought it would. That’s why the schools are still closed.  In fact, it gets worse…  The nanobots have begun infecting others on their own.  They seem to be transmitting themselves through blood and saliva now.”
“Oh my,” Julie felt as if her entire body had gone numb.  “That’s terrible!  Especially since there’s no way to stop them now.”
“Yes, exactly my point. That’s why you need to get out of the city.  We fear that soon, the entire population may be at risk. We are going to do our best to contain it.  The mayor has made a call.  The National Guard will be arriving within the next three hours. You need to leave as soon as you can.”



Read more about Julie’s battle with the nanobots in INFECTED, the second book in the MIND MODS series! 
If you enjoyed reading MIND MODS, please consider leaving a review of the book.   I would love to know what you thought of the story.
If you’d like to receive updates about new releases, contests, free copies, and subscriber-only specials, please sign up for my newsletter at:  www.janeanworth.com
Other books by Janean Worth:

THE NARROW GATE
After the Fall of the Days of Tech, the world is a harsh and desolate place. Protected behind a massive Gate, the citizens of GateWide live out their days in the shadow of an evil Sovereign. 

When Mathew unexpectedly becomes a Stray, his whole life changes. Suddenly he must leave behind everything he’s ever known or face life as a slave in the Sovereign’s House. His only chance is to escape into the wilderness, but with no skills to help him endure that harsh and dangerous environment, there is little hope that he’ll survive. 

When he stumbles across a fellow Stray, one with a strange need to do the right thing even if it endangers her own life, he thinks he just might have a chance. But he soon discovers that the forbidden device that he possesses puts him in far more danger than he ever imagined. 

Hunted by the Sovereign’s Enforcers and surrounded by mutated creatures in the vast wilderness, Mathew must learn to do more than just survive. He must find a way to live. 




