High School Boot Camp
By Charles Allen

Copyright Charles Allen 2015

Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. It may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to your favorite retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter 1: A Sister’s Call To Duty

“It was panic in the street as they braved the freezing cold, looking everywhere for a sign of which way he went. But there was nothing. No dogs barking. No footprints in the snow. No sound of a child in trouble. Emotionally drained, but clinging to hope, Malawi turned to her older sister and said, ‘Let’s go back. Maybe they found him.’
“When they reached the corner, their mother ran over and took a second to catch her breath. Her face was flushed. Her eyes desperate for good news. ‘Have you heard from your dad?’
“They shook their heads. She quickly pivoted and was about to take off, when she looked up, and there we were headed their way. Greatly relieved, they rushed and hugged him like he’d been gone for days. But in reality it was only an hour . . . A long three thousand six hundred heart-pounding seconds we would remember the rest of our lives.” 
Their father’s voice trailed off, and the girls were glad the story was over. It was a horrible experience, and sitting through it was not easy. But now they could relax. The sky was clear, the sun was shining, and a lazy breeze blew across the deck. All they wanted was to enjoy it in peace. However, it was a pleasure that was not meant to be. A storm was brewing as their mother’s friend, Danielle, had something she was dying to get off her chest.
“Okay, Mr. Writer, you deserve an award for that dramatization. But after sitting through it three times, one thing still puzzles me. Why didn’t you guys call 911?” 
He nervously folded his arms and leaned against the rail. “We didn’t think getting the police involved was a good idea.”
“Why? They’re trained for things like that.”
“We know, but . . .”
“But what?”
He and his wife exchanged glances and she nodded for him to continue. “We never told you this, but the first time he walked off, one of the officers tried to accuse us of neglect. Now we’re just cautious because we don’t want a problem with Child Services.”
“Okay, so he got away from you twice. They would have understood that.”
“Not twice,” said Mrs. Barndale, covering her lips. “It’s been more like . . . five times.”
Danielle stared at her with her mouth wide open. “Now that could be a problem!” Suddenly, she gave her a mean look. “Wait a minute! You’ve been keeping secrets from me?!”
“Sorry, we didn’t want to broadcast it to the world. All it would take is one phone call to destroy our family.”
“Do you think I would do that to you?”
“Of course not. We just thought it was best to keep it to ourselves.”
“And I thought we had no secrets.” She rolled her eyes at her and turned her focus back to her husband. “Clarence, I’m not trying to tell you guys what to do, but you need to help Kalani understand that he can’t go out alone. He needs to tell someone, and then wait for somebody to go with him. I know he has special needs, but he’s old enough to do that.”
“Well . . . in a way he did,” he admitted, timidly rubbing his eyebrow. “Lydia and I were in the kitchen and he kept saying he wanted to go for a walk. I finally told him to get his coat. I thought he’d get it and come back so we could go out together. But in his mind, he thought it meant get your coat and go.”
Danielle chuckled. “That’s why you have to be careful what you say to children.” She looked at the perimeter of the property, and then gazed at Kalani sitting at a picnic table drawing. “So you put up a fence to keep him in the yard. You have a self-closing gate with a combination lock, and an alarm on the front and back door of the house. This place is like a fort, but how secure is his school?”
“Adequate, but to play it safe we ordered a TrakMax 9000 GPS device. It should arrive any day.”
“Will the staff at The Kennard School want to be bothered with that thing?”
“About Kennard . . .” said Mrs. Barndale. “He won’t be going. We decided to send him to Punchville High instead.” 
The hair stood up on Malawi’s arms, and she leaned toward her mother. “Excuse me. Did you just say Punchville High?” 
“Yes.”
“You can’t send him there!” shouted Karimba. “Those kids will eat him alive!”
“You’re exaggerating.”
“Seriously,” said Malawi, “that place is a nightmare. You should see how they treat students who don’t fit in.”
“If you’re talking about bullying, there are laws against that.”
“Yeah, but it still happens,” said Karimba. “If Malawi hadn’t graduated this year, I’d be okay with it, but with both of us in college, there’s nobody to protect him.”
Their father cleared his throat. “Girls, from what I remember, Punchville High was a friendly school. It can’t be as bad as you make it sound.”
“But it is!” Karimba snapped. She put her hands together begging them. “Please, please, reconsider. When you guys were there, the mascot was a toucan holding a fruit drink. Now the poor bird runs around giving people a black eye. You can’t send him there!”
He shrugged his shoulders. “It’s already been decided. If things turn out to be as bad as you claim, next year we’ll send him out of district.”
Malawi covered her face. “By then it may be too late.”
“Oh, brother!” said Karimba, grabbing her hair. “Let’s go, Malawi, we have some serious talking to do.” The girls bolted into the house.
Mrs. Barndale shook her head and looked at Danielle. “As a realtor you keep up with the quality of the school system. Is there any truth to what they said?”
“Frankly, there is, but the new superintendent has some great ideas, and I honestly believe he’ll get things under control. And for the record, I think you’re doing the right thing. The high school is a tough place, but it’s just a reflection of the world Kalani has to live in. If he’s going to survive on his own, it’s the best environment for him to learn.” 
She nodded. “That’s the way we look at it. We love him, but can’t shelter him forever.”

The girls barreled into Karimba’s room and fell on her bed. “That man and woman downstairs are totally ridiculous,” said Karimba. “How on earth could they even think of doing this to him?”
“Well, it’s not like they’re doing it on purpose,” said Malawi. “They’re just clueless.”
“It doesn’t matter! We’re his big sisters, and we have some responsibility for him. We have to do something.”
“But they’re his parents. We can’t force them to change their mind.”
“I’m not talking about that. I’m saying we need to do something to help prepare him for what he’s about to face.”
“Yeah, like help him to act more mature. The first thing we need to do is trash all those stuffed animals.”
“Tell me about it. Mom needs to stop buying him those things, and Dad needs to stop getting him T-shirts with cartoon characters on them.”
“I know. And I swear, if I saw anybody trying to humiliate him I’d . . .”
“That’s just it!” said Karimba, throwing up her hands. “You won’t see anything because you won’t be there. So we have to do everything we can to minimize his suffering. At the top of the list should be taking him to the mall to do his school shopping.” She sat up as ideas started running through her head. “Can you get that notebook and pen from my dresser. We’ll list all the areas where he needs help and start from there.”
“So, you’re serious about this? I thought you were joking!”
“Yes, I’m serious. Are you with me or what?”
“You know I am.” Malawi grabbed the notebook and plopped back down. She opened it to the first page and titled it Preparing Kalani For Punchville. She dropped down a few lines and wrote #1 Buy Age Appropriate Clothing. “Should I be writing these in order of importance or are we just brainstorming?”
“Just brainstorming. Once we get our list, we’ll go through and put everything in a different order. So you have clothes. Write down Trash The Stuffed Animals and Teach Him Not To Wave At Everybody He Sees.”
“Good one,” said Malawi, writing quickly trying to keep up. “I have another one. How To Deal With Nosey, Staring People.”
“Yes! People are rude. And knowing Kalani, he’ll end up slugging somebody, which we don’t want. Then there’s the whole bag lunch thing.”
“Definitely no bag lunch. He has to learn to eat pizza and fries like everybody else.” Malawi paused and thought for a moment. “I know the bag lunch thing would make him look geeky, but shouldn’t he be able to bring in his own lunch if he doesn’t like what the cafeteria serves?”
“In a perfect world, yes. But this is Punchville High we’re talking about. If he brings his own lunch, he’s had it.”
“You’re right. And here’s one we really have to drill into him. No passing gas around other people!”
“Oh, my God! And he thinks it’s so funny.”
They paused to clear their heads of the putrid memories, and then brainstormed for another half hour. When they were done, they went to propose their plan to their parents. They found them in the kitchen putting dishes in the cabinet. Kalani was at the table eating vanilla ice cream with rainbow sprinkles. His mouth was a creamy mess. “I believe that would fall under lesson 7,” said Malawi. “How To Eat In Public.”
Karimba gave him a napkin. “Please, clean your mouth. When you get to the high school, you can’t eat like that.”
“Okay,” he responded, wiping until it met her approval.
Their father scratched the top of his clean-shaven head. “Lesson 7? What’s that all about?”
“Mom, Dad have a seat,” said Karimba. “We have something we’d like to share with you.” Their parents smiled at each other, knowing a whopper was coming, then settled around the table. “Okay, here’s the deal,” she continued. “Malawi and I are freaking out because you guys are sending our brother into that jungle next fall. And since you refuse to listen to reason, we came up with a plan.”
Malawi flipped through the notebook. “So it’s like this. What we propose is a summer program where we work with him for three hours, Monday through Friday, preparing him for this life-changing move. We’ll cover things like social life, classroom behavior, grooming, and dealing with conflict. Right now he’s way behind the other freshman coming in, but with our help, he’ll be in a better place by September.”
Karimba nervously watched their faces. “So, what do you think?”
Mrs. Barndale turned to her husband and raised her eyebrows. “Well?” He wrinkled his forehead, put his hand on his chin and stared pensively out the back door. They waited and waited, until the suspense was unbearable.
“Daddy, come on!” yelled Karimba. “Just answer the question.”
“I’d like to know what your mother thinks,” he said. The girls quickly turned to their mom.
“Sounds like a wonderful idea to me, but your father has to agree with it, too.”
Malawi folded her arms and smirked. “Well, Dad, it’s your call.”
He stood and slowly walked from one end of the room to the other. He stopped, put his hands in his pockets and strolled back. “Why not?”
“Yay!” The girls gave each other a high-five.
“But I want both of you to keep this in mind,” he continued. “Helping your brother mature is a good thing. But it would be wrong to try and make him change to please other people. He must have the freedom to be himself and not feel it’s unacceptable to do that.”
“Understood,” said Karimba. “But we’re talking about Punchville High. The rules are different there, and people do whatever’s necessary to survive. But in light of your concerns, we will definitely tweak our plan. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“When do you plan on starting?” their mother asked.
Malawi looked at the clock. “Nine tomorrow morning.”
“And what happens when you get your summer jobs?”
Karimba sighed. “I guess we’ll work with him in the evening, but right now it looks like those hours will be fine. We plastered the mall with applications and nobody’s called us back.”
“Hopefully, they will. You both need to save for college. If you could buy one or two textbooks, it would be a big help.”
“We know,” said Karimba. “It’s not like we’re not trying.”
“Maybe you need to try harder.”
“They will,” their father added. “And I bet in another week, you’ll have job offers coming out your ears. Just keep your chin up.” 
They weren’t as confident about it as he was, but it was a ray of hope, and they were willing to take it. For now, the pressure was off, and they got back to the subject at hand. Malawi turned to Kalani and smiled. “Ready to shape up for high school?”
“Yeah!” he responded.
“Well, make sure you get to bed real early,” said Karimba. “Tomorrow is going to be a busy day!”
Chapter 2: Surprises In All Sizes
When morning came, Karimba stuffed her face in the pillow to shield her eyes from the light streaming through the blinds. She peeked at the clock and saw that it was eight. Time to get up. She dressed, and they went down for breakfast, then grabbed some supplies and headed for the yard. They enthusiastically got to work, but by ten, the enthusiasm was gone.
“When you’re waiting in line, don’t slouch or they’ll treat you like a wimp. Stand strong!” said Karimba, pressing Kalani’s stomach. He sucked in his abdomen and stood up straight, only to slouch seconds later. “No, stand strong!” He corrected his posture, then caved his chest and let his belly hang out again. “Oh, Kalani!” she yelled, slapping her forehead. “Malawi, he’s yours.”
“Okay, Kalani. Can we finally get this right? When your laces come loose, don’t walk around dragging them like a little child! You stop and tie them. When your laces come loose, what do you do?”
“Tie them!” he responded, shoulders back, looking straight ahead.”
“Good. Once more. When your laces come loose, what do you do?”
“Um, call Daddy.”
“No! No! No! You don’t call Daddy! You don’t call Mommy! You don’t call Karimba, and you don’t call me because we won’t be there! You tie them yourself! Now when your laces come loose, what do you do?”
“Do what?”
“Kalani, focus!!! We’re talking about laces. When they come loose, what do you do?”
“Tie them.”
“Say it again!”
“Tie them!”
“It’s about time!”
The girls shook their heads, and Kalani was finally fed up. He was about to clobber them, when Karimba made an announcement that changed his course of action. “Okay, we’re done for the day,” she said. “Tomorrow we’ll pick up where we left off.”
He turned and ran in the house in a rage. Mr. Barndale came out the office to see what the fuss was about. “Kalani, are you upset about something?”
Kalani put his hand to his forehead and closed his eyes, a melodramatic move he copied from his father. “Karimba and Malawi. They need to leave me alone!”
“Alright, I’ll talk to them.”
“Thanks. And have a great day.”
“You have a great day, too, son.”
As Kalani made his way to his room, Mr. Barndale went out and found the girls planning for Tuesday’s session.
“Girls, we need to talk.” They stopped and gave him their full attention. “It seems your brother is not happy with how things went today.”
“Neither are we,” said Malawi, slightly offended. “I mean, it’s not like we can just say something to him once and he gets it. We have to stay on one task for like a half hour before it starts to sink in. Then when we think he’s got it, we test him and he’s like right back where he started.”
“You know he has Down Syndrome,” he replied. “You have to be patient with him. And you know for yourselves that yelling only makes matters worse.”
“You’re right,” said Karimba, “but he doesn’t have a lot of time. Just seven weeks.”
“Then maybe you should give up. Maybe it’s impossible for him to do this.”
“Nothing’s impossible,” said Karimba. “That’s what you always told us.”
“Then you need to try a different approach.” 
Malawi put down the pen and closed the notebook. “For instance?”
“First, stop making him feel like he’s in the military. Find a way to make it fun for him. You know how much he loves to draw. Maybe you can use art to teach him what you want him to learn.”
“Brilliant!” said Karimba, visualizing the process. “Draw a picture of the problem, then have him draw the solution.” She gave him a cheesy smile. “Dad, you are such a genius!”
“You wouldn’t say that if you saw how little writing I’ve done lately.”
“Don’t sweat it,” said Malawi. “There’s a best seller in you that’s dying to get out.”
“I know, but it sure is taking a long time to happen.” He reached his arms above his head and leaned to his left and then his right to stretch his back. “Okay, that’s enough diversion for the day. Now, let me get back in there and try to make this thing happen.” He tapped his lips with his finger and walked away in deep thought.
“Come on, Malawi,” said Karimba. “Let’s go inside and brainstorm.” They scooted from the table and went in behind him.

Tuesday and Wednesday, the girls had a new approach. Everything went great, and they were all smiling. Then came Thursday. They were just getting started, when Danielle drove up with a book she wanted to leave for their mother. Her plan was to drop it off and keep going, but she was attracted by their voices. After spying on them, she knocked on the office window, and their father met her at the door.
“Danielle, what a surprise!”
“Hi, Clarence.” She looked at the flower garden, and her face lit up. “Those flowers are gorgeous! What do you do to make them so healthy and vibrant?”
“I don’t do anything,” he said, shrugging his shoulders. “They just seem to take care of themselves.”
She smirked. “Still keeping secrets, I see. Anyway, I noticed Karimba and Malawi in the yard with Kalani. What are they up to?”
“You remember how upset they were about him attending the high school?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, his fabulous sisters came up with a plan to help him get ready. It’s pretty tame now, but Monday they were drilling the guy like it was some kind of high school boot camp.”
“Hmmm,” she said, with a glare in her eye. “High School Boot Camp. Interesting.”
He could see the wheels turning. “Danielle, what are you thinking?” 
“I’ll talk to you about it later,” she said, stuffing the book in his hand and rushing off. “This could be big. I mean real big!” He shook his head as she hopped in her car and drove away.
 
When Danielle got to her job, she turned on her laptop and scrolled through her mailing list. “Ed and Laura Neesblok. Sold them that cute ranch house on Waterloo Drive.” She picked up the phone and dialed. Mrs. Neesblok was standing over a clanking coffee machine when the phone rang.
“Good morning!” she answered.
“Laura, this is Danielle Robinson.”
“Oh, hi, Dani! How is the real estate market these days?”
“It’s looking up. How’s Reggie doing? All ready for high school?”
Mrs. Neesblok’s complexion turned pale, and she adjusted her glasses. “No, he’s not. And neither are Ed and I. This is a big step for him, and we just don’t think he’s ready for those . . . those students.”
“Well, I may have a solution.”
“Really? If it will help my Reggie, I’m all for it. What is it?”
“It’s a program called High School Boot Camp, and it’s run by two college girls named Karimba and Malawi.”
“Is this some rough and tough military thing? Cause you know Reggie is not that type.”
“No, it’s not like that at all. It’s just a fun camp where students are taught how to survive the social minefield. If you want little Reggie to start the school year ready for whatever they throw at him . . . and I mean that literally . . . I strongly recommend that you give these girls a call.”
“If you think it will help. What’s the number?”
“It’s Punchville 92679. The best time to reach them is after seven in the evening.”
“Okay, Dani. I will talk this over with Ed when he gets in from the lab. I’m sure he’ll go for it. He’s more nervous than I am. Once I get his approval, I’ll give the girls a ring.”
“Excellent. You have a great day.”
“You, too. Bye now.”
Danielle ended the call, and then scrolled down her list to another name. “Justin and Rebecca Foley. Daughter, Ariana.” She made the call and had the same conversation. After that, she called Warren and Katrina Matthews regarding their son, Willard. Then she called Marty and Sylvia Palmer about their daughter, Morgan. Then Peter and Gracie Hoffman about their daughter, Kelly. And Ramone and Carman Flores about their son, Alonso. When she finished, she took a deep breath and dialed one final number.
A flustered Mrs. Barndale had just left a meeting when her cell phone rang. She looked at the number and smiled. “Hi, Danielle! You always know when I can use some inspiration. Have an uplifting word for me?” There was no response. “Are you there?”
“I’m here.”
“We have to talk fast. I have another meeting in five minutes.”
“Okay . . . I called to say I think Karimba and Malawi are going to be quite busy this summer.”
“You must have heard what they’re doing with Kalani. Isn’t it great?”
“Yes. But starting Monday, it’s not just going to be Kalani.”
Mrs. Barndale got quiet. She was afraid to ask the obvious question, but she had to. “Girl, what did you do?”
“Well . . .”
“Let’s hear it.”
“I kind of spoke to a few other parents with students headed to Punchville High. They may be giving them a call tonight.”
“You didn’t!”
“I did.”
“How many parents?”
“Six.”
“Danielle, have you lost your mind?! Those girls can’t handle six students with special needs!”
“But they don’t have special needs. One is new to the area and doesn’t have any friends. The others are just a little shy and unpopular. All they need is some friendly coaching from someone who’s been there before.”
“I don’t know about this.”
“Come on, Lydia. Karimba and Malawi can handle it. The best part is they’ll get paid.”
“They sure could use the money for college.”
“That’s what I was thinking.”
“But all those kids at the house. You know how Clarence likes his peace and quiet when he’s writing.”
“Yeah, I know. But it’s only for six weeks. When the semester starts and those girls are able to pick up some of their expenses, he’ll be happy he did it.”
“Well . . . I’ll talk to him and see.”
“Fantastic! Just keep in mind that I told the parents to call after seven this evening. The girls need to have a fee in mind and be ready to talk about the benefits of the program. And, oh yeah, I took the liberty of naming it High School Boot Camp. Clarence threw it out there, and it just seemed to fit.”
Mrs. Barndale laughed. “Danielle, you are too funny. I guess that’s why you’re my best friend. There’s never a dull moment.”
“I don’t know if I should take that as an insult or a compliment.”
“It’s a compliment.” She glanced at her watch. “Listen, I have to run.”
“Go ahead. We’ll talk later. Bye.”
“Bye.” Mrs. Barndale slipped her phone in her purse and briefly stared into space. “High School Boot Camp. Not bad.”

At five o’clock, Mr. Barndale was stirring a pot on the stove, when he heard his wife’s car pull up in the driveway. She walked in to a flurry of chimes from the motion alarm, then went in the kitchen and gave him a kiss on the cheek. “You’re home early,” he said as she slid in a chair and kicked off her heels.
“Thank God. I spent the entire day in meetings with some of our mental health providers. I really expected to be there late.”
“That’s the price of being an administrator.”
“I guess. Where’s Kalani?”
“He’s around here somewhere. Upstairs I think.”
“Are you sure?”
“Hey, he didn’t get out. I would have heard the alarm.”
“Just checking. And the girls?” 
 “They went out for a run. The coach from the college emailed Malawi a new workout schedule, and she was anxious to get started. Karimba went along to keep her company.”
She smiled. “Karimba? I’m surprised.”
“Same here. You know, I wish she had done sports in high school. She would have made a good high jumper. Maybe even a middle distance runner.”
“I know, but there were two things that turned her off. Sweat and practice. Sweat messed up her hair, and practice interfered with going to the mall.”
“To spend money she doesn’t have,” he laughed.
“Speaking of which. I understand Danielle stopped by this morning.”
“Yeah. She was asking questions about the girls and left here like a crazy woman.”
“I wanted to talk to you about that. It seems she put the word out about them helping Kalani. Now six other parents want to pay them to help their children, too.”
“And where does Danielle expect all this to take place? Not here, I hope.”
“That kind of was the idea.”
He raised his hand to his forehead. “This was not part of the agreement.”
“I know. And I understand how you feel about the extra kids and the noise. But look at the bright side. It’s only three hours a day and the girls will be making money. With the financial strain of two children in college, we could really use the help.”
“With the mental strain of all those kids running around, I’ll need some help. They’re going to drive me crazy.”
“Going to? Does that mean you’re okay with it?”
“I guess. Like you said, they’ll be making money. If it will cover Karimba’s mall excursions, it’s alright by me.” 
“Excellent! Now we just have to see if the girls are game.”

The girls were about a half mile from the house on their way to the high school track. As they passed the Sweet Shop, Karimba spotted a group of their friends inside. “There’s the gang. Let’s go say hi?”
“I have to get up to the track!” Malawi exclaimed.
“Aw, come on! Five minutes and we’re out.” Karimba grabbed her arm and led her through the door. 
“Karimba! Malawi!”
“What are you guys up to?” asked Karimba as they joined them in their booth.
Charlotte Perkins, a feisty girl from the swim team, dashed some ice cream in her mouth, and then pulled the spoon from her lips upside down. “We’re celebrating.”
“Celebrating what?” asked Malawi.
“Our summer jobs,” said Ashlee Welsh, whose younger sister, Zoey, was squeezed between her and Lillian Quilty. “We’re all officially employed.”
Lillian, who was founder of the Emerging Leaders Club, beamed from behind her glasses. “It’s only at the mall,” she said, “but at least it’s something. My parents say I need to contribute if I plan on dorming first semester.”
“Yeah, she’ll be saving. We’ll be spending,” said Charlotte. “We all need clothes, don’t we?”
Karimba moaned. “Lucky you. We haven’t landed anything yet.”
“Nothing?” asked Lillian.
“Nothing.”
“Don’t feel bad,” said Zoey, “I don’t have a job either.”
“Well, I guess you won’t be hanging with us,” said Ashlee.
Zoey pulled out her wallet and flashed a wad of green. “Guess again. I have three hundred dollars saved up from my birthday.”
Ashlee snuggled up to her. “That’s right! You can hang out with us any time.”
Charlotte turned to Karimba. “So what do you plan on doing all summer?”
“It’s not like we’re totally unemployed,” said Malawi. “We still have our occasional babysitting jobs.”
“The key word is occasional,” said Ashlee. “Babysitting a couple of hours a month is not going to cut it. No money means no mall, and I can’t imagine a summer without the mall.”
“Don’t even say that!” said Karimba. “You’ll give me nightmares.”
“Well, what are you going to do?”
“For one thing, I’m not going to worry about it. Something good will come through.”
Just then Charlotte looked up and saw Craig Wilkins standing at the counter with his brother Jordan. “Girl, you are making me a believer! Look at the goods that just came through the door.” All eyes stared in that direction.
“Oh, my God!” said Karimba. “Don’t tell me that’s Craig!”
“Hey, guys!” said Charlotte, waving to them with a naughty grin.
“Charlotte, stop it!” said Karimba through clenched teeth. “I’m all sweaty and my hair is a mess. I don’t want him to see me like this.” But it was too late. He’d already spotted them, and his eyes were on her.
Craig was six-three with chiseled biceps and entering his junior year at Punchville U. He and Karimba saw each other around campus and shared a few glances, but never held a conversation. His brother, Jordan, looked a lot like him and was a close friend of Malawi. They dated a while, and then broke up when he committed to a college in Tennessee. Malawi felt it was inevitable for their relationship to fall apart and saw it as the only sensible thing to do. She still liked him, but chose to hurt a little now, rather than be devastated down the road. Now here they were in the same space with a pair of cupids determined to ignite a few sparks.
When the guys got their order, they slid into a separate booth, and Charlotte jumped into action. “Why are you way over there?” she said. “Join us!”
“There’s no room!” whispered Karimba.
“Sure there is,” replied Ashlee. “We’re leaving.” She looked at the other girls and tipped her head toward the door. “Time to go.”
“I’m not finished!” snapped Zoey.
“Oh, yes, you are,” said Ashlee, picking up her tray. 
Ashlee, Lillian, and Zoe gathered their things and made a beeline to the exit. Charlotte lingered behind.  “Let me know if things change with that job situation. We need to schedule some mall time.”
“Bet. And thanks for everything,” snarled Karimba, quickly trying to do something with her hair. Charlotte gave her a wink, and then caught up with the others.
Malawi stared at Jordan. “You coming over or what?”
“Wasn’t sure if it was allowed.”
The guys moved over and Malawi, ever vocal, noticed a scar over Craig’s left eyebrow. “How did you get that?”
“The scar?” he asked, touching it. “Back in high school. I was horsing around in the wrestling room with some new enlistees and sort of bumped heads.”
“Horsing around?” said Jordan. “Today we call that hazing.”
Craig gave him a dirty look. “Who asked you?” He then eyeballed Karimba. “I’m Craig.”
“I’m Karimba.”
“It’s kind of crowded in here. You want to go chill outside?”
“Sure.”
As they left, Malawi followed them with her eyes to make sure Karimba was okay. Jordan moved to the other side of the table and scooted next to her. “Were you serious about that hazing comment?” she asked.
“Sorry, I can’t talk about that. Brothers’ secrets.”
“Fine.”
“Why haven’t you returned any of my calls?” he asked.
“I thought we agreed not to call each other.”
“I didn’t agree to anything. This was all your idea.”
“Yeah, well, there’s no sense stretching things out. When you leave for school, that’s it. You won’t be coming back.”
“Why do you keep saying that?”
“Because it’s true. When your family relocates there in November, you’ll spend all your breaks at home. That’s what people do.”
“Not when there’s someone else they’d rather spend their time with.”
“Like me?”
“Yeah.”
She sucked her teeth. “I know how long that will last.”
“Don’t you have faith in me?”
“I have faith in reality. Long distance relationships don’t work, so we might as well stop the pretense and go our separate ways.”
“You’re special to me, and I just can’t let you out of my life like that. Can we at least give it a try?”
“Jordan, please!” Exasperated, she plumped her arms on the table and buried her face on top of them. After a few moments, she sat up and gave him a long, hard look. “I’ll give it some thought, alright, and I’ll let you know. Just don’t pressure me.”
“Okay.” He put a scoop of ice cream in his mouth, and then noticed she wasn’t eating anything. “Didn’t you order yet?”
“Actually, we were on our way to the track to work out, when Karimba spotted Charlotte, her mall buddy.”
“So how’s the training going?”
“Pretty good. I’m twice as strong as I was last season when I jumped five-six at county.”
“You had as good a chance as anybody to win state. I bet you would have done it had you not got injured. You think you’ll clear five-eight your freshman year?”
“That’s what I’m hoping for, although my dad thinks I’ll clear five-ten.”
“He may be right. You have the talent.” They looked at each other awkwardly. “Well, I could sit here talking to you all day, but I don’t want to keep you from your workout. Call me when you have an answer, alright.”
“I will.”
They went outside and found Karimba and Craig deep in conversation. Karimba looked up and saw Malawi tapping her wristwatch. “Craig, I have to go. But let’s stay in touch.”
“Definitely. Enjoy your run.”
Karimba gazed at him dreamily and waved. Malawi pulled her arm, and they took off running down the street.

When the girls were done at the track, they walked home ready for a warm shower. Well, at least Karimba was. Malawi still had to hit the weights. They went straight for the water bottles in the kitchen and saw their mother and father relaxing on the deck.
“How was the workout?” he asked.
“Not bad,” said Malawi, “although we had a major annoyance on the way there.”
“She ran into Jordan,” said Karimba, thinking that’s what she was referring to. But she was actually talking about Craig.
Malawi rolled her eyes. “Anyway, right now I just want to get my lifting in so I can get out of these sticky clothes. Dad, are you ready?”
“In a minute. There’s something we want to discuss with you first.”
They went out and sat down. Karimba loved the way the back of the Adirondack chair hugged the curve of her spine. “This feels so good,” she said, almost purring. “So, what’s up?” 
“Your summer’s about to take a momentous turn,” said their mother.
“Whenever you use the word momentous, it usually means we’re about to get stretched. After that workout, I don’t think I’m ready for it.”
 “Me either,” said Malawi.
“Are you sure? It involves money.”
Karimba perked up. “Money? We’ll stretch for that! Tell us more.”
“Thanks to Danielle, you girls have an opportunity to run your own business.”
“Doing what?” asked Malawi.
“Working with six more middle school grads like you’re doing with Kalani. All mainstream students. Are you up to it?”
“I am,” said Karimba.  She looked at Malawi.
“Same here. When does this kick off?”
“That’s up to you, although Danielle did hint at Monday. She said you might get some calls tonight and suggests you have some talking points ready. And most important, be prepared to tell them your fee.”
“Then we need to get on that right away!” said Malawi. She then made a face. “Well, after I lift.”
Her father grinned. “Go on down and set up. I’ll be right there.”
“So did Aunt Danielle say anything else?” asked Karimba.
“Yes, she did. She called the program High School Boot Camp. The parents like it, so it may be a good idea to keep it.”
The girls smiled and high-fived. “We’re going to make some money!” yelled Karimba. “Mall here we come!”
“You mean bank here we come. I expect you to save most of your money for school.” Karimba sucked her teeth.
“One more thing,” said their father. “You started this with a commitment to help your kid brother. We don’t want you to push him off to the side now. If we see that happening, we’ll pull the plug on this entire project. You understand?”
Karimba’s eyes got watery. “Dad, we would never do that. How could you even think such a thing?”
“I know you would never hurt him intentionally, but sometimes money has a way of distracting people. Just be careful.”
“We will,” they both replied. They got up and started to go in the house. Karimba turned back. “And Dad, would you please fix the lock on Kalani’s bedroom door so he can keep it shut. He passed gas up there today, and I almost passed out. It was so disgusting.” She walked away shaking her head.
“You need to add that to your list of areas where he needs help,” he yelled.
“Already there!” she shouted.
Mr. and Mrs. Barndale laughed, then focused their attention back on more serious matters. “So what do you think?” he asked.
“It’s new territory for them . . . and us. We’ll just have to keep our eyes open and wait and see.”
He got up from his chair. “Let me go in here and lower the flame on this food. There’s no way they’ll be ready for dinner at six.”
“You go right ahead. Wake me if I’m sleep when you get back. What a day!”
“It’s not over yet,” he replied. “I get a feeling things are about to start popping around here.”
Chapter 3: Joint Chiefs
When Malawi finished training, she grabbed some markers and poster boards, then marched to Karimba’s room and knocked on the door.   
“Come on in.”
She entered, proudly displaying the supplies. “I had these poster boards left over from last year’s World History project.”
“Great. You saved us a few bucks.” Karimba spread everything out on the floor, and then they got on their knees and stared at the blank white sheets. But while she searched for inspiration, Malawi searched for an opening to tell her how she felt about Craig.
Karimba picked up a marker. “So where do we start?”
“Well,” said Malawi, “if we begin Monday July 14 and end Friday August 29, that’s seven weeks. Let’s label seven boards, one through seven, and then fill each one with things we want to work on that week.” They numbered the boards, and then prepared to do their detailed writing.
“Let’s make Week One all about clothing,” said Karimba.
“That would be your first suggestion.”
“Of course! It’s the most important thing.”
“Okay, clothing it is, but Week Two has to be hygiene. What should come next?”
“Riding the bus. They need to know where to sit and how to avoid confrontations. Those crazies are so territorial.”
“Yeah, over seats they don’t even own.” 
“You can’t tell them that. What about Week Four?” Malawi didn’t answer. Her mind had wandered back to the Sweet Shop. Karimba got in her face and repeated herself. “Week Four, Malawi!”
“Oh!” she exclaimed. “How about walking the halls?”
“I like that. The hallways and stairwells are full of obstacles. Week Five?”
“Cafeteria etiquette. They have to know what to eat, what to drink and what to do if somebody tries to take their lunch money.”
“Okay. Then Week Six can be classroom etiquette, like dealing with the person behind you who keeps popping you in the back of the neck.”
“Or the person that keeps copying your work and threatens to get you if you tell.”
“I saw that happen a lot. And what about Week Seven?”
“That’s easy. We’ll use it as a refresher.”
“I’m okay with that.”
Once they got the headings, they sat back and looked at what they had. “I don’t know,” said Karimba. “Now that I think about it, things might get kind of boring focusing on one area for a whole week. Maybe we should mix things up. Know what I’m saying?”
“I was thinking that too. Like on Monday of Week One, instead of focusing on just clothing, maybe work on walking the halls and cafeteria etiquette.”
“Exactly. And by mixing it up, we’ll have a better chance at keeping their interest.”
This was it, the opening Malawi was waiting for. “Speaking of interest . . . there seemed to be a lot of that going on between you and Craig today.”
“Yeah, well, I find him attractive.”
“There are more important things than a guy’s looks. Like ethics.”
Karimba’s eyes widened. “Are you suggesting he’s a bad person?”
“In a word, yes.”
“Based on what, that hazing remark Jordan made? That was a joke!”
“No it wasn’t. I asked Jordan about it.”
“And what did he say?”
“That he couldn’t discuss it.”
“Don’t you know anything? He was basically telling you there was nothing to it. Even if there was, that happened at least two years ago. He’s obviously a different person now.”
“And how do you know that? You don’t. That’s just what you want to believe.”
“Malawi, stop it. I really feel he’s a nice guy.”
“That’s the difference between you and me. I don’t rely on feelings, only facts.”
“Like the facts you’re relying on to end your relationship with Jordan?”
“Yes. The majority of long distance relationships don’t work.”
“And how do you know yours won’t be one of the ones that does?”
“I don’t, but I’m not about to take the risk. I’m playing it safe, and you should do the same thing.”
“Sorry, but I’m not going to do that.”
“Okay, so let’s say you and Craigmo actually started dating. Would you be okay with not spending any of your breaks together?”
“First of all, his name is not Craigmo. And yes, I would be okay with it. I could handle being away from him for a few weeks. And during winter break I can go down there and visit.”
“Like Dad’s going to let you do that.”
“I’m grown.”
“Yeah, we’ll see. And what about summer? Two and a half months of separation. With all those southern belles in Tennessee, I doubt if he’ll be sitting around waiting for you.”
“He won’t have to because he won’t be there. He plans to get an apartment here for the summer.”
“He told you that?”
“Yeah, and don’t mention it to Jordan. He hasn’t broken the news to his parents yet. If it works out, Jordan has a place to stay, and you won’t have to worry about those southern belles stealing him away from you. I know that’s what this is all about.”
“So you know. Well, he shouldn’t have chosen a college so far away in the first place. If he really cared for me, he would’ve stayed close.”
“With Craig having his apartment he can be close . . . all summer long. Think about it, the beach, amusement park, the mall, the mall . . .”
“Okay, I get your drift.”
“So are you going to lighten up and give it a try?”
“We’ll see.”
“Well, you’d better hurry up and see, before he says see you later!” She playfully elbowed Malawi in the side. “Now, enough about guys. We have a boot camp to run.” They studied the boards for a moment to regroup their thoughts. “It looks pretty thorough to me. Now, all we have to do is throw in some drills, and we’re good to go.” 
“That’s if nothing hits us out of left field. No matter how much you plan, there’s always the possibility that something will pop up and spoil the show.”
“That’s part of the adventure, girl! Whatever happens, we’ll work through it. If we can’t, there’s always Mom and Dad.” They giggled.
“So, what should we charge?” asked Malawi.
“First of all, we don’t want to break anybody. And we don’t want to cheat ourselves either. After all, we are providing a service.”
“A service they’re begging for.”
“Right. But we need to be fair. I say ten dollars per hour like we charge for babysitting.”
Malawi cringed. “That’s one hundred fifty dollars per week! I think it’s too much. How about a flat rate of one hundred per student. That would come to forty-two hundred total for seven weeks. Two thousand, one hundred dollars for each of us.”
“I can shop with that! Well, some of it. I can’t forget we have to save. Come on. Let’s go down for dinner before the phone starts ringing.”
“If it starts ringing,” said Malawi. “There’s no guarantee anyone will call, you know.”
“Oh, they’ll call!”

The family sat down to eat, and not even five minutes passed before the phone started ringing off the hook. Karimba jumped up and answered with a clip board and pen ready for taking notes. “Hello, may I help you.” It was Rebecca Foley calling to register Ariana. Karimba waved Malawi over to help her in case she got stuck, but she breezed through the call like a pro, asking personal questions about Ariana and what she hoped the Boot Camp would do for her. She ended the conversation instructing Mrs. Foley to have her there a few minutes early because they would start at nine o’clock sharp. When the girls returned to the table, the phone rang again. Malawi urged Karimba to answer it, since she did so well with the first one. This time it was Mrs. Flores calling to register Alonso. In the middle of the call, another one came through. She clicked over and it was Morgan Palmer’s mom. She put her on hold while she finished with Mrs. Flores, then came back and wrapped up the call with Mrs. Palmer. As soon as she hung up, the phone rang again. It was Willard Mathews’ mom. She signed him up and shortly afterwards signed up Reggie Neesblok and Kelly Hoffman. When she finished, they returned to the table and dug in to their meal.
“You girls handled yourselves well over there,” said Mrs. Barndale. “We’re proud of you.”
“Thanks, Mom,” they chimed in unison.
Mr. Barndale raised his glass of juice to propose a toast. “Here’s to the city of Punchville’s newest business owners, Karimba and Malawi. We wish you much success.” The others lifted their glasses and smiled as they tapped them together.
Chapter 4: Meet the Recruits
After dinner, the girls went back to Karimba’s room and broke out the notes to get familiar with the students they’d be working with. They sprawled out on the bed, carefully avoiding the poster boards spread on the floor.
“Okay,” said Karimba. “First up is Ariana Foley, age fourteen. Her mother says she’s extremely shy. She’s been home schooled by her mom since first grade and has absolutely no friends.”
“None at all?”
“According to her mother.”
“Well, I’ll be her first. I’ll take her under my wing and make her feel right at home.”
“Perfect. Also, her mom says she’s very attached to her journal and recommends that we don’t read it or try to separate her from it. She said she made the fatal mistake of doing both, and Ariana went ballistic. It took hours to calm her down.”
“I won’t let anybody even breathe on that thing!” 
“Next is Alonso Flores, also fourteen. His family, which consists of his mother, father and little sister, Nia, moved here from Seattle just last month. According to his mom, Alonso was a budding soccer star, but fire in their home left him with some bad burns on his back and a damaged self-image. His parents hope we can help get his confidence back.”
“How much time did he spend in the hospital?”
“Four months. At first the doctors thought he would lose use of his back muscles, but surprise, surprise! They healed completely.”
“Poor kid.”
“Yeah, he’s had a rough time, but his mom doesn’t want us to pamper him. That’s what he wants, and he’ll try his best to get it. She urged us to jump right in and pull the plug on that pity party he’s been throwing for himself.”
“The party is over, Alonso! So get ready.”
“Next is Morgan Palmer. Her mother didn’t give me the complete story, but she said their family was forced to make some lifestyle changes. Morgan, who has always attended elite private schools, must now enroll in public school and is feeling really humiliated.”
“Culture shock! The poor little rich girl has to give up her ivory tower and go to school with commoners. Makes you want to cry, doesn’t it?”
“Malawi!”
“What? I was just playing.”
“I hope so. The girl has no friends now. All her old friends dumped her and turn their noses up whenever they see her. Can you imagine how that makes her feel?”
“What a bummer. I feel bad now.”
“Well, don’t feel too bad. Her mother says she still has some serious airs about her. But the good thing is she knows she needs our help. We have to do everything we can to help her make a smooth transition to life on the other side of the tracks.”
“Smooth transition coming up.”
“Next is Willard Matthews. He’s also fourteen. He was born in Punchville, but spent eight years living on military bases. His father was an officer in the marines, but recently retired because Willard has a serious dislike for war. He hates it so much that he tunes out and gets lost in this comic book character he draws called Nofurion.”
“Let me guess. Nofurion is a combination of the words No and Fury.”
“You are so smart.”
“Watch it, girl. So another artist. Maybe he and Kalani can bond. Then, again, maybe not. We don’t want Kalani zooming off to another planet. It’s hard enough keeping him grounded as it is.”
“Anyway, Willard’s parents want us to try and snap him back to reality before school starts.”
“Don’t you think that’s asking too much? We’re not shrinks.”
“According to his mom, it’s not as bad as it sounds. Mentally, he’s fine. He just has a problem with violence.” 
“Well, he’s going to the wrong place. We have to get to work on Willard ASAP! Okay, who’s next? And please let it be an easy one.”
“Sorry, it’s not in the cards. Let me introduce Reggie Neesblok.”
“Oh, brother!” said Malawi, holding her head. “Sounds like trouble already.”
“According to his mom, he is. Reggie is fourteen and stands four-nine.”
“Wow! That’s three inches shorter than Kalani. He probably looks like he’s ten.”
“That’s what she says. But his height and young looks are not what have her worried. Her real concern is some kind of speech impediment. She wouldn’t go into detail, but said it causes him to get teased a lot, which bothered him until he learned how to get even.”
“Get even? What the heck does he do?”
“I don’t know. She just said he finds unique ways to make his tormentors suffer.”
“Oh, no! And you said we’d take him? What’s wrong with you?”
“Come on, Malawi. You know how mothers are. She was probably exaggerating. We can do this.”
“No, you can do this. Reggie Neesblok is your project, not mine. Who’s next?”
“Kelly Hoffman.”
“Nice, pleasant name.”
“And according to my notes, she’s a nice, pleasant young lady. NOT! Actually, Kelly is obnoxious, a habitual liar, and likes to gossip.”
“Her mom said that?”
“No, her words were pretty tame, but the way her voice suddenly went high pitch when she said things like she has a healthy imagination, she’s pleasantly talkative, and she’s intrigued by human behavior, I could tell Miss Kelly Hoffman is a handful. And guess what? I know where she got her talent.”
“Where?”
“From her mother. Before she hung up, she told me everything about the mayor’s wife, from how long she had her dental implants, to the secret tattoo she got in Vegas last summer.”
They giggled. Karimba then closed the notebook, and they ended the night planning to spend the weekend prepping the yard for the grand opening.

When Saturday came, their plan for the yard was washed out by pouring rain. They took the day off and postponed their plan for Sunday. But Sunday it rained even harder, and they were starting to get worried. The last thing they wanted was to have to bring the boot camp indoors. Their father would lose it. So they crossed their fingers and hoped for the best. Rather than waste another day, they decided to hang out in the basement rummaging for props. The first thing they came across was a stack of rubber cones they used for running agility drills when they were younger.
 “We should be able to do something with these,” said Malawi. 
“Yeah, walking the halls! We can set them up like a corridor and grade them as they walk through. Maybe later in the sessions, we can have a bully to make it realistic.”
“Good idea, but I’m not playing the bully.”
“Don’t worry about it. We’ll drag Dad out there. He’ll be so grumpy he’ll fit the part perfectly.”
Karimba then found a box of serving trays and pulled one out. Both girls smiled because they knew exactly what to do with them. “Cafeteria etiquette!” said Malawi. “We can use plastic utensils from the kitchen and have the whole setup.”
They rummaged some more and found some old toddler toys. “I remember these,” said Karimba.
Malawi picked up a rubber hammer and hit it against her palm. “And this was Kalani’s. He used to hit me upside the head with it all the time.” She sadly looked at Karimba. “When did you first realize he was different?”
“I think when I was around eight. What about you?” 
“Don’t laugh, but I didn’t figure it out until I was twelve when some girls from the Special Olympics visited our class.” 
“That wasn’t a nice way to find out. I wish Mom and Dad had just talked to us about it.”
“Maybe they just didn’t know how.”
“Probably.”
“Tell me something,” said Malawi, putting the hammer back. “And I need you to be honest.”
“What?”
“Do you think Dad pushed me into sports because he knew Kalani couldn’t follow in his footsteps?”
“That’s a mouthful! Why would you think that?”
“I just wonder sometimes.”
“Well, I doubt it. If it was up to him, all of us would be running track. It’s just not my thing. But you have the talent, and he knows it. That’s why he’s pushing you.”
“You sure?”
“Of course I’m sure. Now I have a question for you. Did you ever figure out why he waited until your junior year to push you to join the team?”
“No, why?”
“He was trying to keep you away from the boys. But when you started talking about college, that went out the window because he wanted you to get a scholarship.”
“He is so hilarious!”
“That’s our daddy. At least he knew what he was doing. As soon as you put on that uniform, there came Jordan.”
“And the scholarship. I feel a little manipulated, but I won’t hold it against him.”
“You shouldn’t. It all worked out alright.” Karimba looked at her watch. “We need to finish, so I can get back upstairs. I’m supposed to be going to the movies tonight.”
“Not with Craig!”
“Yup.”
“Give me a break!”
“Get used to it, girl. Things are moving forward. And what about your love life? Have you given that situation with Jordan any thought?”
“Not really.”
“Summer’s not going to last forever, dear sister. He’ll be in college before you know it.” Malawi made a face and opened another box. They rummaged for about a half hour longer, and then called it quits.

Late that night, hours after Karimba returned from her date, and as the entire household slept, a guy quietly moved around out front in the drizzling rain. Dressed in a black sweat suit with a hood over his head, he worked in the flower garden caring for the plants. When he finished, he stood up to observe his work, then took off running.
Chapter 5: Troops on The Grounds 
When the girls woke up, the sun sat in the sky like a crown with crested beams shimmering across the horizon. Powder blue never looked so crisp and beautiful. They rushed downstairs and found their father outside seeing their mother off to work.
“Bye, Mom!”
“Bye, girls. I wish you luck today. Karimba, how was the movie?” 
“Not one of the year’s best, but we had fun.”
“Good. You have to invite that young man in next time so we can meet him.”
“Not a problem.”
The girls rushed back inside. As their mother started toward the driveway, she stopped to feast her eyes on the manicured flower bed. “Good job, dear!”
“Uh, thanks,” he responded, at a loss for words. She got in her car and drove off. As he came up the walk, he stared at the rainbow of blossoms and shook his head. “I just don’t understand it.”
Out back, the girls and Kalani began straightening up the yard. They picked up some newspaper and a garbage can knocked over by a raccoon during the night. They also checked the grass to make sure it wasn’t soggy. To their delight, it was damp, but manageable. The way the heat was bearing down, they figured it would be dry in no time at all. Once they set up their stations and started back inside, Malawi thought she heard a knock on the fence. She unlocked the gate and found a woman wearing a business suit, and a girl holding a journal.
“Are you here for the boot camp?” she asked.
“Yes,” said the woman, extending her hand. “I’m Rebecca Foley, and this is Ariana. Are you Karimba?”
“No, I’m Malawi, her sister. We’re co-directors.”
“Sorry we’re early, but I’m starting a new job today, and I can’t afford to be late. Would it be alright to just leave her here and go?”
“That’s fine.” Malawi looked over her shoulder and saw Karimba and Kalani putting cushions in the chairs on the deck. “Karimba, can you come here?” Karimba walked over carrying her clip board as Ariana slowly backed away. Malawi lifted her hand to introduce them. “This is Mrs. Foley and . . . there goes Ariana.”
Mrs. Foley turned to find Ariana at the car reaching for the door handle. “Ariana, would you please not make this difficult.”
Ariana walked back over with her head tilted down. Karimba smiled at her. “You want to leave us so soon?”
She mumbled a response, but it was barely audible through the mass of black hair that fell over her face. Her mother pulled a scrunchie from her purse and quickly tied the hair back into a ponytail. “That’s better.”
“You’re about an hour early,” said Karimba, “but that’s okay.” She handed her the clip board and a pen. “If you don’t mind, I need you to write your name and the best number to reach you.”
Mrs. Foley scribbled down the information, then looked at her daughter. “Be good.” She tried to give her hug and was clearly disappointed when Ariana pulled away. She smiled through it, then got in her car and drove off.
“So, welcome to High School Boot Camp!” said Karimba. “We’re still setting up, but come in and make yourself at home.”
Ariana strolled to the picnic table, looking like the loneliest person in the world. The girls started toward the house, and Malawi felt sorry for her and turned back. “Would you like to help set up?” she asked. Ariana nodded and followed her to the basement where they found some boxes lined against the wall. They loaded their arms and headed out. When they got back to the table, Malawi decided to strike up a conversation. “So, you’re going to be a freshman. What middle school did you go to, Clinton or Webber?”
“I was home schooled.”
“That’s right. Your mother told us that. Did you like it?”
“Hated it. I never got to make any friends.”
Malawi pointed at her journal. “That’s a pretty cover. I like the floral design.”
“Thanks. This is where I keep all my thoughts.”
“Do the flowers mean only your beautiful thoughts make it in?”
“Hardly. They just cheer me up when things aren’t going so good. And that’s been a lot lately.”
“Anything you want to share?”
“Well . . . Mrs. Foley and I are not on the best terms these days.”
“Mrs. Foley? You mean your mother.”
“Whatever. Anyway, how can you trust somebody you found out has been lying to you?”
“I guess it would be pretty hard.”
“I don’t know if things will ever be the same with us again.”
“Was it that bad?”
“It was that bad.”
Malawi sensed her sadness and decided to change the subject. “So do you have any brothers or sisters?”
“One sister, but we haven’t seen much of each other.”
“You must miss her, huh?”
“A lot. I wish I had grown up with her like you and your sister. How old is Karimba?”
“Nineteen. She’ll be twenty in October.”
“That’s how old my sister is. She’s in college?”
“Yeah. She’ll be a junior at Punchville University. I’ll be a freshman at Norwood.”
“How old are you?”
“Seventeen. Eighteen in September and I can’t wait.”
Ariana bubbled over with excitement. “September what?”
“The nineteenth. Why?”
“You won’t believe this,” she said. “That’s my birthday, too!”
“Really?! See, I knew there was a reason I liked you. Come on. Let’s help Karimba bring the rest of the things out.”
Excited about her new friendship, Ariana jumped up and went with her back in the house. Forty-five minutes later, Karimba put up a sign that read, Boot Camp Entrance. Soon automobiles started pulling up, and there was a knock on the gate. The girls opened it to a crowd of smiling mothers with their not so happy teens. “Welcome!” said Karimba. “I’m Karimba Barndale and this is my sister, Malawi. Please, come in.”
The parents passed around the clipboard, gave a few warnings and left. The girls then took a moment to observe their recruits. With the info they had, identifying them was a breeze. Morgan was the girl wearing a gold prep school pin, with a snooty I’m-too-good-for-this look on her face. Reggie was the pint-size kid with fire-red hair looking like he was ready to blow something up. Alonso was the theatrical guy making faces like he belonged in the intensive care unit. Willard was the skinny kid with the wild afro, looking like he was ready to zoom away on a cosmic journey. And Kelly was the girl whispering a mile a minute, giving Ariana the shock of her life.
“Come on, everybody,” said Karimba. “We’re going to join my brother, Kalani, over at the picnic table. Since this is our first day together, we thought it would be good to spend some time getting to know each other.”
The girls waited patiently as they got themselves in gear and started to mosey along. The walk was drudgery for everyone, except Kelly, who was in her element and ready to get on with the mingling. She was the first to sit down, propping herself right in the middle of an empty bench so she’d have someone on both sides. Reggie was next, taking the middle of the opposite bench. Willard took one end and Alonso took the other, leaving Morgan and Ariana standing. Once Malawi sat down, Ariana sat beside her, but Morgan had no intention of sitting at all. Determined not to be thwarted by her stubbornness, Karimba put her arm around her and calmly escorted her to the table.
“Malawi, why don’t you start us off,” said Karimba.
“Sure. Well, guys . . .” Morgan raised her hand. “Morgan, you have something to say?”
“I don’t like being referred to as a guy, so if you don’t mind, please use a more generic term.”
“How about team?”
“Not team,” said Alonso. “I want nothing that reminds me of sports.”
“Then how about recruits?” said Karimba.
Willard’s hand shot up. “No, we can’t use that! Recruits are trainees for war, which Nofurion and I are totally against. We have a hard enough time dealing with this being called a boot camp.”
“Who the heck is Nofurion?” asked Kelly.
“We don’t want to get into that,” said Karimba, abruptly interrupting. “Since recruits is no good, does anyone have a suggestion?”
Reggie lifted his hand. “How about people. That’s what we are, right?”
Karimba nodded. “Sounds fine to me. Does that work for everyone?” They all nodded. “Then people it is. Go ahead, Malawi.”
Malawi cleared her throat and began. “Well, people, as you already know, I’m Malawi. I’m seventeen and just graduated from Punchville High in June. Next fall I’ll be a freshman at Norwood State University. I like track and field, veggie burgers topped with alfalfa sprouts . . .”
“Yuck,” said Karimba.
Malawi gave her a mean look before continuing. “. . . and I like super hero movies. I’m here because I want to help each of you have a successful freshman year in high school.” She leaned over and whispered to Ariana. “Why don’t you go next? It’s easier to just get it out the way.”
Ariana suddenly became nervous. Malawi placed her hand on hers and smiled. She then relaxed and felt encouraged to at least say something. “I’m Ariana,” she said softly, without raising her head. “I’m fourteen and this fall I’ll be going to Punchville High. I like to write and my favorite food is lasagna.”
Kalani stopped drawing and popped up his head. “Lasagna? I want lasagna.”
Karimba and Malawi laughed. “Nobody’s having lasagna,” said Karimba. He pouted and went back to drawing.
“For the record,” added Malawi, “lasagna is Kalani’s favorite food, too. Whenever we have it, half the pan ends up his plate.”
Everybody giggled.
“So, Ariana,” said Morgan, “you never said why you’re here.”
“Because she was home schooled,” added Kelly, proudly displaying her knowledge. “She has no friends and wants to learn how to fit in.”
“Ariana can speak for herself!” snapped Malawi. “Maybe she didn’t want us to know all that.”
Kelly shrugged her shoulders. “Sorry. I was just trying to help her out.”
“It’s okay,” said Ariana. “But how did you know that about me?”
“My . . .” Kelly caught herself and rephrased her response. “I have my sources.”
“Since you’re so talkative,” said Karimba, “why don’t you go?”
“Sure. I’m Kelly Hoffman, which I’m sure everyone here already knows. Like the rest of you, I’m fourteen. Now that we know everyone here except Karimba and Malawi is fourteen, there’s no need to state how old you are and where you’re going in September. We’re all going to that monstrosity of a high school up on the hill. Anyway, I like cable television. I can’t wait to check out the new shows coming on. Reality TV is so hot! I also love Thunder Grove Amusement Park. I’ve been there twice already this summer. My favorite ride is the Triple Screamer. Anyone need tickets, let me know. My cousin is a manager there. Anyway, I don’t have a favorite food. Well, anything exotic tantalizes my taste buds. If I had to choose my ultimate favorite though, I guess I would say deep fried quail. The reason I’m here is to make my mother happy. She likes our family to help out wherever we can, and she felt my being here would help bring some calm to those of you who are intimidated by the prospect of high school.”
“Oh, brother,” said Malawi, voicing what everyone else was thinking. “Let’s get a guy in here, please! Alonso, are you game?”
“Please, don’t use any references to sports around me.”
“Sorry, I forgot. Would you like to go next?”
He nodded. “I’m Alonso from Seattle, Washington. My family just moved here a couple of months ago. I used to participate in a very popular activity, but our house caught on fire, and I got burned pretty badly. So I don’t participate anymore.”
“Not because you can’t,” said Kelly. “Your doctor said the only thing keeping you from playing soccer is your mind.”
“I know my body!” he shouted. “My back hurts. I’ll never be able to play again!”
Disgusted by Kelly’s continued antics, Malawi held her head and looked at Morgan. “Your turn.”
Morgan rolled her eyes and flipped her hair away from her face. “My name is Morgan Palmer. My parents have totally wrecked my life, and I don’t belong here. Next!”
Willard quickly raised his hand and lowered it again. “I am Willard. I like to draw and I’m vegetarian because I don’t believe it’s conscionable to kill animals for food. I’m here because my mother and father think I’m too peace-loving to survive Punchville High, and they believe being here will toughen me up. But they are wrong. I am who I am, and like Gandhi and Dr. King, I believe nonviolence is the only way to bring lasting peace into this troubled world.”
Morgan turned to Karimba. “Is he for real?”
“Leave it alone,” she responded. “Reggie, you’re up.” Reggie lowered his head and clamped his lips so tight that not even a crowbar could pry them apart. Karimba realized she needed to help him along. “Reggie, your mother already told us what you’re challenged with. There’s nothing to be embarrassed about. Everybody here has something. So come on. We’re here to support you.” He shook his head vigorously. “Come on,” she urged. “You have to try.”
He waited a few moments, then took a deep breath and nervously opened his mouth. “I know I don’t look like I’m fourteen . . . but I am. My favorite subject is science. I grew up around scientific things because my dad’s a marine biologist. He studies the effect of climate change on sea animals. My mother’s an accountant. My favorite food is hamburgers.”
Kelly giggled. “And what is your name?”
“His name is Reggie,” said Malawi. “We said that already.”
“But he didn’t say it.”
“Why is that such a big deal?” asked Karimba.
“Because he’s scared to say it.”
Karimba looked at him. He lowered his head as their eyes met. “Is that true?” He nodded. “Well, you can either take that bold step now or you can take it tomorrow. It’s up to you.”
“I’ll do it now, but if anybody laughs, there’s going to be trouble.” He steeled up his nerves and stared at the sky, hoping that by some miracle he would get it right. “My name is . . . Wedgie.” 
Everyone but Willard burst out laughing. Even Karimba and Malawi let out a chuckle, but they managed to control themselves. The others could not. Kalani and Alonso were in stitches. Morgan was on the ground rolling. And while Ariana was going crazy holding her sides, Kelly was peeking in her journal. 
“What are you doing?!” Ariana screamed, snatching the book and cradling it against her chest. Kelly just smiled like she had stumbled on the juiciest secret of all time.  
The girls tried to restore order throughout the disturbance. At times it simmered to a few snickers and then flared up again. Little Reggie didn’t utter a word because he knew the last laugh would be his. After fifteen minutes, things settled down, and they complained about being thirsty. 
“I’m going inside to make a pitcher of lemonade,” said Malawi.
Reggie jumped up as she walked by. “Can I go with you? I need to use the restroom, please.”
“Sure, come on. I’ll show you where it is.”
The two went inside, and Karimba used the long-awaited silence to discuss what they could expect the first day of school. Malawi returned with the pitcher and a stack of paper cups. As soon as she set them on the table, everybody rushed to grab one.
“Not yet!” said Malawi. “We’ll tell you when.” They grudgingly sat back down.
Reggie came back shortly afterwards with a cup from the bathroom dispenser in his hand. “What are you drinking, Reggie?” asked Karimba.
“Water. I had to take my medicine.”
Karimba looked at Malawi. “Since they wasted all that time being silly, do you want to jump right into one of the hallway exercises?”
“Sounds like a good idea.”
They set up the cones along a thirty foot stretch to make a corridor. Karimba then turned to face the group. “Listen up. There’s an ice cold pitcher of lemonade over there waiting for you. And we know you’re thirsty. But in order to get it, we need you to cooperate.”
“That’s blackmail!” yelled Morgan.
“No, it’s incentive. Now, knowing how to carry yourself in high school is critical. Since you’re new, people will look at you for a number of reasons. Some will look because they’re just noticing you, no harm intended. Others will look because they’re sizing you up to cast bets on who will survive. Then there are those who will look because they spent the whole summer dreaming of sinking their teeth in you. You do not want to be labeled dog meat, therefore first impressions are important. Now, I want each of you to walk through the cones, imagining you’re on your way to your first class. You need to step with confidence, letting everybody know you belong. We’ll yell out suggestions as you’re walking, and please don’t take our comments personal. When you’re finished, you can come back and pour something to drink.”
Everyone formed a line, except Reggie. He waited until no one was looking and inched his cup toward the pitcher. Malawi spotted him. “Reggie, you’re not trying to sneak lemonade, are you?”
“No,” he responded, jerking his hand and almost spilling the contents.
“I hope not. Come get in line.”
He started getting up. When she turned her head, he quickly emptied the cup in the pitcher, and then jumped in line with the others.
First up was Morgan. She lifted her chin and arched her back ever so slightly, then began to strut as though making an entrance to the debutante ball. “Can’t find anything wrong with this, can you?” she snarled.
“Oh, there’s a lot wrong with it,” said Karimba, “Especially that royal attitude. It may have worked at the Princess Academy, but it won’t fly at Punchville. You’re entering a different world.”
Morgan stopped and thrust her hands on her hips. “You don’t have to tell me I’m entering a different world! I already know that. But I will not degrade myself and act like I don’t have any class.”
“Nobody even suggested that. All I’m saying is you can’t walk in there like a prima donna. You need to tone it down and blend in with the environment.”
“Sorry, I don’t do ghetto.”
“Well, you’re sure doing a pretty good job of it right now.”
“Is that an insult? My parents aren’t paying for me to be treated this way.”
“Morgan, you have a problem with your ego. We need to work on getting it down to size.” Morgan folded her arms and stared at her like a dragon ready to engulf her with fire. “If this is how you plan on behaving every day,” Karimba added, “you might as well call your mother to take you home. But if you plan on staying around for a while, I want you to strut yourself over there and get a drink, so you can cool off.” She stood there a few seconds, then rolled her eyes and stomped to the table. Karimba looked at Malawi, who smiled and gave her a thumbs up. 
Next was Kelly. Her stride was without focus, like a dizzy butterfly drifting left and then right. “If you walk like that in the hallway, you’ll find yourself bumping into all the wrong people,” said Malawi. “Focus on where you’re going. You don’t want to make enemies trying to get to class.”
“I sure don’t. But if I do bump into someone, I hope it’s with someone special . . . like when Ariana bumped into her long, lost sister and found out she was ADOPTED!”
Ariana gasped. “How dare you!” She ran to the table and buried her face in her arms.
Everybody stared at Kelly with the same dragon look Morgan gave Karimba. She then retreated to the deck, wondering when she would learn to control her big mouth. Malawi went to check on Ariana, while Karimba kept things moving. Ariana lifted her head when she felt her sit beside her.
“Malawi, did you ever wake up from your sleep and nothing around you looked familiar anymore?”
“A few times.”
“That’s how it seems right now. I just feel lost.”
Malawi held her hand to comfort her. “You know that saying about what you should do when life deals you a lemon?”
“Make lemonade? What does that have to do with me?”
“Nothing because you haven’t been dealt a lemon. The Foleys love you. Haven’t they been good to you all these years?” She nodded. “Then don’t throw it away.”
“But they’re not my real parents. And she’s not my mother.”
“Okay, so she didn’t birth you, but who held you when you were sick?”
“Mrs. Foley.”
“Who read you bedtime stories at night?”
“Mrs. Foley.”
“Who picked you up when you fell off your first bike?”
“Mrs. Foley.”
“So basically, she nurtured you and raised you as her own. If that’s not mothering, I don’t know what is. Now, here’s something else you should think about. If this is hurting you, imagine how much it hurts her to see you push her away like this.” Ariana gazed thoughtfully through her tears at the pitcher in front of her.
“I guess it hurts a lot.”
“Of course it does. Now go on and pour yourself a drink. It will relax your mind.”
Once Malawi saw Ariana was doing better, she went back to the group. Willard had just started. His stride was slow and calculated like a stork walking on eggshells.
“You look like you’re afraid you might break the grass,” said Karimba. “Walk natural.”
“This is natural. Or should I say it’s neutral like clear water or a morning mist. When I walk like this it sends a message that I am not a threat and I mean no harm.”
“I pick that up, but it also makes you look like you’re easy to push around. You’ll be a red flag out there.”
“That’s a war term!” he responded.
“Yeah, but that’s what it is, and you’ll have students bombarding you with unmanned projectiles if you don’t walk with some authority. We have to work on that.”
Willard completed his round and joined the others at the table enjoying their lemonade. Reggie kept looking over his shoulder, smiling at them devilishly. Next up was Kalani. Karimba knew he had probably lost focus by now and went over to make sure he understood what to do. “You see these cones?” she asked. He nodded. “Now, you saw how the other students walked through them? That’s what I want you to do. You have to imagine this is the high school and you’re walking down the hall. Alright?”
“Alright.” He took off walking in a zigzag line flapping his arms like a bird.
Malawi couldn’t take it. “Kalani! That’s not the way you’re supposed to walk in high school. Stop being silly and act your age. Let’s go!”
He dropped his arms and walked normal, but giggling all the while. When he reached the halfway point, he stopped and fell out laughing. His sisters closed their eyes, deeply embarrassed. When he couldn’t laugh any more, he finished his round, staying as far away from them as possible because he knew they were totally through with him.
Then came Alonso’s turn. His walk was stiff as a mannequin. He hunched his shoulders to his ears and grimaced like he was in extreme pain. “Alonso, you look like the mummy from King Tut’s tomb,” said Malawi. “Loosen up!” 
“I can’t. My back might start hurting.”
“You know, word is out that you have some serious soccer skills. If you get back into form and make the team, you’ll gain much respect at the high school. That’s just one of the perks of being a good athlete. On the other hand, walk in there like King Tut, and you’re really going to be crying mummy.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Malawi was that even necessary?” asked Karimba.
“Not really, but a little humor never hurt.”
“No? Tell that to Dr. Revenge.” She was referring to Reggie, the final person in line. “Okay Reggie, let’s wrap this up on a high note.” Reggie was in such a hurry to get done that he speed walked the course and finished with a bow. “Thank you for that, Reggie,” said Karimba. “You looked like you were rushing to a special event.”
“Exactly,” he said, smiling.
“Well, slow down next time. Come on. Let’s go wet the old whistle.” He snickered because he thought her remark was right on time.
The girls returned to the table and poured a cup of lemonade to quench their thirst. Reggie watched intently as they raised their cups and took their first sip. They frowned, trying to identify the unfamiliar salty ingredient. Malawi lowered her nose to the bright yellow mixture and smelled. Her eyes widened and she looked at Karimba, who then looked at Reggie. She grabbed the cup he brought from the bathroom, gave it a whiff and immediately knew what he did. They quickly snatched the cups from the others and dumped them in the pitcher.
“Hey, what did you do that for?” asked Ariana.
“Yeah!” said Morgan. “We earned that!”
“I know you did,” said Karimba. “But I saw a bug in the pitcher. I’ll make a fresh batch.” She took the stack of used cups along with the pitcher and turned to Reggie. “Come with me.” They marched into the house followed by Malawi. Once in the kitchen, Karimba pointed to a chair. “Sit!” He gladly complied. They left him and dashed to the upstairs bathroom, where they desperately fought over the sink. Water splashed everywhere as they used their hands to funnel it in their mouths. Then they filled cups with mouthwash and swished it around their teeth, before gargling and spitting it out. By the third rinse, they weren’t sure which was worse, the strong minty taste or the salty one. 
“I’m going to kill that kid!” said Malawi.
“No, you’re not because I’m going to kill him first!”
“Where’s the bleach? I can still taste it! YUCK!!!”
“Girl, you can’t put bleach in your mouth! You want to die?”
“I’m already dying!” she screamed, pounding on the wall. She then stopped. “Alright, let’s get control of ourselves.”
“I can’t take this!” said Karimba. “That boy poured pee in our lemonade!”
“It’s over. Let’s take the mouthwash downstairs and have everybody rinse with it. Then we’ll finish up the day and have a serious talk about this whole thing later.” Malawi took the mouthwash and they headed downstairs. When they reached the kitchen, their father was at the table talking to Reggie. He had poured a cup of the lemonade and was about to drink, when Karimba snatched it from his hand.
“Don’t drink that!”
“Why, is there something wrong with it?”
“Yes,” said Malawi. “Reggie here spiked it.”
“With what?”
“We’ll share that with you later. Right now, please settle for a glass of apple juice.” She took the pitcher in the powder room off the kitchen and poured it in the toilet. When she came back, she gave Reggie a mean look and pointed to the door. “You, outside!”
The three of them headed out. Malawi went straight to the trash and tossed the pitcher. They then had everyone rinse and tried to resume the program. But it was no use. They just wanted it to be over so they could send them all home and wash their hands of the whole thing.

At twelve o’clock sharp there was a knock on the gate. Malawi unlocked it and the parents hurried in, pleasantly surprised to find their kids sitting politely in their group. “Okay people, we’re done for the day,” said Karimba with a fake smile. “Hurry, darlings. Let’s not keep your parents waiting.”
The students hopped up and headed toward the exit. Mrs. Neesblok stopped Reggie and walked him over to Karimba. “So, how much mischief did he get into today?”
Reggie stared at the grass, afraid to look up. Karimba wanted to tell everything and see him punished severely. A year on a diet of cardboard and water or a thumbtack bath would have been nice. But she didn’t have the heart to do it. Instead, she just patted him on the top of his head and smiled. “Mrs. Neesblok, you should be proud. Reggie was a model camper today.” He looked up, unable to believe what she was saying. No one ever gave his mother good news about him before. “We learned a lot about the right and wrong ways to channel our anger didn’t we, Reggie?” He nodded, extremely grateful for what she did.
Mrs. Neesblok beamed. “Well! Isn’t that nice for a change. A report like that deserves a special treat. How about some burgers and fries?” He grinned from one ear to the other. Mrs. Neesblock shook Karimba’s hand. “Thank you, so, so much. We’ll see you bright and early tomorrow.”
They walked away and Karimba whispered, “Not on your life, lady. High School Boot Camp is giving these brats the boot!”
Malawi was busy gathering the cones, when she turned and saw Ariana standing beside her. “I thought I saw you leave.”
“I did,” Ariana replied. “But I wanted to come back and give you a hug.” She grabbed Malawi around the neck and pressed their cheeks together. She then left out and got in the car. As the gate closed behind her, Malawi was on the verge of tears, knowing she’d probably never see her again. But she refused to cry. They had to do this.
She headed toward the house and gathered up Kalani along the way. “Come on, Mr. Comedian. Let’s go eat lunch.”

At six o’clock that evening, the girls were in their rooms reflecting on the events of the day. Their father called them to dinner and they took their time coming downstairs. Kalani rushed in with his hands still damp from washing. He pulled out a chair and joined them at the table. 
“Is Mom home yet?” asked Karimba. “We have to talk.”
“She’s upstairs changing,” her father said.
Five minutes later, their mother came down and they started eating. She looked at the girls and noticed their long faces. “So, how was your first day of Boot Camp?”
Karimba sighed. “It was horrible. We’re calling it quits.”
 “What happened?”
“What didn’t happen?” said Malawi. “Those kids are too much. And that includes Kalani. He really showed off today.”
Kalani looked over the top of his glasses and saw the disappointment in Malawi’s eyes. “I apologize.”
“Apology accepted, but only because you’re my brother. Those others . . . nothing can make up for what they put us through.”
Mrs. Barndale sat back in her chair. “So you got off to a rocky start. First day on the job is always like that. After a good night’s sleep, you’ll be refreshed and ready to get going again.”
“I don’t think so. Today left a really bad taste in our mouths. And I mean that literally.”
“Can you explain that for me?”
“Yes, I can. Mom, this boy poured urine in the lemonade, and we all drank it!”
“He did what?!” 
“You heard right,” said Karimba.
Their father rubbed his forehead. “When you told me he spiked it, I thought he dumped in some hot sauce or something. No wonder you’re so upset.”
Mrs. Barndale looked at them sternly. “And what did this child’s mother have to say?” Karimba lowered her eyes and looked away. “You didn’t tell her?”
“I wanted to so bad . . . but the way she stood there expecting the usual rundown of dastardly deeds, I just couldn’t. You should have seen her face. She was actually proud of him for once.”
“Did he appreciate what you did for him?”
“Yeah. The little stinker!”
“Enough to maybe not do anything like that again?”
“Probably.”
She smiled. “Then why are you quitting? It looks like you tamed your biggest challenge.”
“Sorry, my biggest challenge is forgetting about that horrible taste in my mouth.”
“Granted, what he did was disgusting,” said Mr. Barndale, “but if I was giving out awards, I’d say you girls earned a star today. You made a difference in this kid’s life, and there’s no telling where that will lead. Were there any other bright spots in this horrible day of yours?”
Malawi grinned as she thought about Ariana. “Yeah, there were.”
“That’s what I’m talking about! You can’t let a few bad experiences cloud what was really a successful day.”  
“How about this,” said Mrs. Barndale. “Give it till the end of the week. If by then you’re still feeling the same way, go on and shut down. But remember, that means you’ll be back to job hunting.” The girls made a face.
Their father grinned. “It’s obvious that’s not your favorite subject, so my advice is to get back in the saddle and try to make it work.”
Karimba looked at Malawi with reservation. “You game?”
Malawi sighed. “Well . . . I guess.”
“We’re not all that excited about it,” said Karimba, “but we’ll give it a try. And heaven help that kid if he spikes anything else!”
Their parents laughed, but in their minds they hoped he really would behave himself because they knew she was dead serious.
Chapter 6: Thirty Minutes of Shopping Bliss
When Tuesday came, Karimba and Malawi were still in their dismal mood. They were not as enthusiastic about setting up like they were the day before. There were no high hopes because the way they saw it, Friday was it for them. Their plan was to just go through the motions, and then call it quits. When the Foleys arrived an hour early again, Mrs. Foley told them how much a blessing they were. She was thrilled that Ariana hugged her for the first time in weeks. When Reggie Neesblok’s mother dropped him off, she was singing their praises as well. “I don’t know what you did to Reggie,” she told them. “Whenever we eat out, he always pulls some kind of prank, but yesterday, nothing. I thought I had the wrong kid! Whatever you’re doing, please keep it up!”
And the praise kept coming. Willard, who was usually as quiet as a hermit, was reportedly up laughing all night. Alonso bought a soccer magazine on the way home. Morgan chose not to wear her gold pin from her former school. And Gracie Hoffman couldn’t thank them enough for the lemonade they served Kelly. She’d been constipated for seven days, and it really got her flowing again. The girls were glad to hear about the progress, but were convinced they made a big mistake. All they wanted now was to get back to working one-on-one with Kalani.

That night, Malawi was in her room on the floor doing crunches, when Karimba knocked on the door. “Can I come in?”
“It’s open,” she grunted, lying back as she finished her last set.
Karimba walked in staring at her cell phone and crashed on the bed. “I have an idea. Let’s take the little darlings to the mall tomorrow.”
“For what?”
“To hang out. Do some window shopping.”
“You want to give them a clothing lesson at the mall? I thought we were going to keep it simple and ride out the week.”
“That Craig,” she said, smiling as she read her messages. She looked at Malawi. “Please, I have to go to the mall!”
Malawi sat up and crossed her legs. “I have a feeling there’s more to it than that. What’s the real reason you want to do this?”
Karimba flung her hands up. “Alright! I have forty dollars and I want to buy a new blouse for my date with Craig this weekend. I would do it later, but Dad needs to take the car to the mechanic tomorrow afternoon.”
“Why are you wasting your money? You still have blouses you haven’t even worn yet.”
“But they’re not new.”
Malawi looked at her and shook her head. “You have a problem.”
“I do not. I just like new things. What’s wrong with that?”
“Well, for starters, you want to arrange a fieldtrip on the spur of the moment with seven unpredictable fourteen-year-olds to buy a top you don’t need for a date in a movie theater that’s going to be pitch dark. He’s not even going to see the thing!”
“What are you talking about? He’ll see it when he picks me up.”
“Who cares? You shouldn’t be going out with that creep, anyway.”
“He’s not a creep. You just don’t know him.”
“Oh, I know him! Maybe I should tag along to make sure he doesn’t try anything.”
Karimba sat up with a sneaky idea. “Yeah, why don’t you do that? I mean, I think you’re wrong, but in case you are right, maybe you should be there . . . at least for our first date.”
“Are you serious?”
“Yeah, I’m serious, and I’ll ask him to bring Jordan along to make it look legit. I’ll make all the arrangements.”
“Alright, but this discussion didn’t happen. I don’t want him thinking I’m trying to get him over here for a date. Anyway, we’re way off topic . . . About the mall. I guess we can do that. I’ll talk to them about shopping while you run off and do your thing. How much time do you need?”
“Thirty minutes.”
“There’s no way you can pick out a top in just thirty minutes.”
“I will! I will! A half hour and I’m done. Promise.”
“Okay, but you’re the one who has to contact the parents and tell them where we’ll be meeting. And don’t forget. The mall doesn’t open until ten.”
“Not a problem.” Karimba went back to her room and made all the calls. When she was done, she swooned like she was in heaven. She was going to have thirty minutes of shopping bliss.

The next morning, the girls were at the kitchen table getting a lecture on safety from their father, while Kalani waited for them in the yard. He handed Karimba the car keys, and then held up a device that looked like a TV remote. “This is Kalani’s TrakMax 9000,” he said. “Take it with you. If he gets more than ten feet away, it will beep like crazy.”
“Where’s the transmitter?” asked Karimba.
“I hid it inside his pants pocket. Which one of you is going to be responsible for it?”
“Malawi,” she responded, knowing she’d be shopping.
He gave Malawi the device. “It’s all set up.  As soon as you get in the car, press the red button to activate it.”
The girls got Kalani and were off. A few minutes before ten, they were at the mall entrance waiting for the others. When they were all there, they walked through the automatic doors and into the grand concourse. “This is Punchville Mall,” said Karimba, posing like a tour guide, “two floors, two hundred and sixty stores of temptation and delight.”
Morgan smirked. “Like we haven’t been here before.”
“It’s an absolute must that you do all your shopping here,” Karimba continued. “It’s part of the unwritten code. And if you go in any of these establishments, you can’t go wrong. It’s their job to keep up with the trends and keep you looking cool. And that’s what we want because fashionable students get more respect at Punchville High. That’s just the way it is. Now, I have some important business to tend to. Malawi will take over from here, and I will meet you back at this spot in exactly thirty minutes.” She gave Malawi a wink and went on her way.
“Okay,” said Malawi. “We’re just going to walk and do some window shopping to get some idea of what you should be wearing this fall. And remember, if anybody stares at you while we’re here, just say to yourself, I must be looking good since you’re staring that hard. And keep on walking.” She kept her arm around Kalani’s shoulder and the TrakMax in her pocket as they strolled through the complex.
Meanwhile, Karimba stood browsing in Marigogos, her favorite boutique, when she noticed the manager staring from behind the counter. She filled out an application there in May and the woman remembered her face. “Aren’t you Karimba Barndale?” she asked.
“Yes, I am.”
“I’ve been trying to reach you for weeks. Did you change your number?”
“No, it’s still the same.”
“Let’s take a look at your application.” Karimba went up front as she searched through a folder. “Punchville 92779?”
“No, it’s 92679.”
“Why am I seeing a seven?” She crossed out the number and wrote in the correction. “I was calling because I wanted to interview you for the assistant manager position. Are you interested?”
Karimba quickly gazed out the window, thinking about her commitment to the Boot Camp. “If you hired me, when would you want me to start?”
“Training would begin Saturday. Would that work for you?”
“Sure,” she said, hesitantly.
“Are you comfortable with doing the interview now? It should only take ten minutes.”
Karimba looked at her watch. It was already twelve o’clock. Malawi was a stickler for being on time, but she would just have to be mad at her. This was an opportunity she couldn’t pass up. “Okay.”
They sat at a table in the rear of the store and the woman asked her a series of questions. In a little more than ten minutes, the interview was over. “Well, Karimba, I’d like to offer you the position.”
Karimba burst with excitement. Working in the mall in her favorite store in the world was a dream come true. She let out a shriek and the manager giggled because she understood. “I accept!”
“Then I’ll see you here Saturday morning at nine o’clock. You can fill out your paperwork then.” They shook hands and Karimba floated to the exit. “Oh, Karimba!” called the manager. Karimba turned. “It gets very busy in here this time of the year, so I’m looking to hire another salesperson. If you know of someone, please let me know.”
“I have just the person for you!”
Once outside the store, she walked as fast as she could back to the meeting place. When she got there, Malawi was fuming. “You are late!”
“I know! I know! But it’s all good. I just did an interview at Marigogos, and the manager offered both of us a job. So when we dump this stupid Boot Camp on Friday, we’ll still be in the money!”
Malawi was shocked that she said all this out in the open. Karimba realized her mistake, then looked at the students and saw they were hurt. 
“Wow! We’re being dumped,” said Morgan. “This is so wrong.”
Ariana turned to Malawi. “This isn’t true, is it?” Malawi looked away, too embarrassed to answer her.
“Of course it’s true,” said Alonso. “They can’t even look at us.”
“Hey,” said Karimba, smiling, “I think we should sit down and have a talk.”
“The only place I’m sitting is on the curb outside to wait for my mom to pick me up,” said Reggie.
“I’m with him,” said Willard. “That’s where you’re kicking us anyway.”
They walked off and Malawi shook her head. “You just had to mess up, didn’t you?”
As the girls and Kalani followed them toward the exit, they saw their friends Charlotte and Ashlee waving from inside Sneakerooz. They weren’t in the mood for talking, but decided to step in for a quick hello. “Hey,” said Karimba. “So this is where you work?”
“This is it,” replied Charlotte, shouting over the dance music. “You’re not leaving, are you?”
“Yeah, we have some friends outside waiting.”
“What about the job thing?” asked Ashlee. “Did you get anything yet?”
“Actually we did,” said Malawi, “and we just got another offer from Marigogos. Decisions. Decisions.”
“Marigogos! Lucky you!” exclaimed Charlotte. “Please say you’re going to take it. We can shop every day.”
Karimba grinned. “It sure is tempting, but we need to tie up some loose ends with this other job first. Anyway, we have to run.”
“Alright. Catch you later. And hurry up with those loose ends. You don’t want to miss out on all the sweet summer sales.”
Karimba and Malawi hurried out and caught up with the students, who were on their phones arranging to be picked up. Within an hour, they were all gone, and they got in their car and went home. When they reached the house, their father saw them pull in the driveway and met them at the front door.
“Why are you back so early?”
“It’s a long story,” said Karimba.
“Well, I’m a writer. I’m kind of into long stories. Come inside and tell me what happened.”

Ten minutes later, the girls sat at the kitchen table, grim-faced and slouching in their chairs. Their father was busy rubbing away at his forehead. He lowered his hand and stared at them. “You know I’m disappointed.” The girls nodded. “Now you have six hurt kids out there. How do you plan on making it right?”
“I don’t know,” said Karimba.
“Me either,” said Malawi. “Maybe we can call them or something.”
“I don’t think a phone call is going to do. I know you probably don’t want to look in their eyes right now, but you need to sit down and talk to them face-to-face.”
“But Dad, it’s not like they even wanted to be here,” Karimba argued.
He raised his left eyebrow. “If that was the case, they wouldn’t have come back. I overheard the comments their mothers made yesterday. You managed to touch them on a deep level, and they wanted to be here more than any place else.” He stood and pushed in his chair. “I said all I have to say. It’s up to you to figure out what you’re going to do next.”   
He walked back into his office and shut the door. Malawi looked at Karimba’s shopping bag on the table. “So, you got your precious blouse. Was it worth it?”
“I’ll let you know after Saturday night.” Malawi kicked her leg. “Ow! What was that for?”
“Everything.” Malawi then got up and took a pack of sliced turkey and a jar of organic mayo from the refrigerator. “You want a sandwich, material girl?”
“Sure. And put some cheese on mine, and use the real mayo. I don’t like that organic stuff.”
After making the sandwiches, they went to eat on the deck with Kalani. He was drawing, and didn’t even budge when Malawi put a sandwich in front of him. She looked to see what had him so preoccupied, and what she saw broke her heart. It was a picture of the two of them at the mall with horns on their heads, beady eyes, and long pointed noses. She showed it to Karimba, and they were so upset they couldn’t eat.
“What are we going to do?” Karimba asked.
“I thought Dad’s suggestion was good. Maybe after dinner we can drop by everybody’s house and make a formal apology.”
Karimba covered her face. “Oh, brother. I’ll be glad when this day is over.”
“You and me both.”

A little before six, their mother pulled her car into an empty driveway and saw their father sitting on the porch waiting. He had just watered the garden with the hose and the walk was slightly wet. She got out and greeted him with a big hug. “I guess the mechanic needed to keep your car.”
“Yeah. He had to order a part. It should be in tomorrow.”
“Last time he told you that, he had your car for a week. I think you should be prepared to use mine, which means you’ll need to take me to work in the morning, then come back and get me.”
“No, problem.”
She watched his hand go up to his forehead. “So, what else is going on?”
“It’s the girls. Their trip to the mall was a disaster.”
“Nobody got hurt, did they?”
“Physically, no. Emotionally, yes.”
She sat down beside him. “What happened?”
“They shared their plan to shut down the Boot Camp in front of the students. They didn’t take it very well.”
“I can imagine. How are the girls taking it?”
“Not good at all.”
“Well, I guess we should get inside.”
They went in and he stopped at the bottom of the steps. “Girls, your mother is home. Tell Kalani, and come on down.”

During dinner, the girls hardly uttered a word. They just picked over their food and let out an occasional sigh. Their mother wanted so much to jump in and start asking them questions, but decided to wait for them to initiate the conversation. In the meantime, she broke the silence by chatting with their father. 
“Make any progress on the book today?”
He grunted. “I’m still inching along.”
“With all the time you put into it, I know it’s good. Can’t wait to read it.”
He took a long, weary breath and exhaled. “It’s coming. And how was your day?”
“Not bad. Our director was out of the office, so I didn’t have to deal with the usual politics. Tomorrow will be a different story, but I’m ready for it.” She looked at the girls’ gloomy faces. “But you know what? No matter what kind of day I have, I can always count on a bundle of sunshine from my family as we sit at the dinner table breaking bread.”
Malawi giggled and Karimba joined in. “Very funny,” said Karimba. “So I guess you heard?”
“Yes, I did, but I wasn’t going to add to your misery by bringing it up.”
“Thank you, but it was obvious you were trying to avoid the subject when you started talking about Dad’s novel.” She winked at her mother. “Couldn’t you think of a more interesting topic, though?”
He stared her down. “Watch it! That novel might pay your way through grad school.”
Karimba laughed. After a few moments, she got serious and put down her fork. “We’ve decided to make a few rounds after dinner. We made a big mistake, and we want to do the right thing.”
 Their parents nodded, happy they made a mature decision. Just then, the phone rang. Their father got up and answered it. “Hello . . . Why, yes, they are.” He glanced at the girls. “Okay, I’ll send them right out.” He hung up the phone and turned around with a confused look. “That was Morgan Palmer. She wants you to go in the yard.”
Everyone rushed from the table and out the back door. Beneath the orange glow of the setting sun were the students and their families holding up a long homemade banner that read PLEASE DON’T LEAVE US.
Ariana stood in front of her mother and father. Her eyes were puffy, like she’d been crying for hours. As alert as a fawn, she waited anxiously for them to say what she wanted to hear. Next to her were Reggie and his parents. Although mischief was written all over his face, his eyes seemed to say he’d try to be the angel they wanted him to be. Standing beside him was Alonso with his parents. His face said he needed them to keep believing in him, as he was on the brink of believing in himself again. Next to him were Kelly and her folks. She went through the motion of zipping her lips. It was a sincere gesture, but they knew her proposal was in the realm of the impossible. And then there was Willard and his family. Making a peace sign with his hand, he swayed side-to-side, hoping his peaceful radiance would inspire them to make the right decision. Last was Morgan with her parents framing a portrait of a family embracing change. Her father’s loss of wealth, mother’s loss of prestige, and Morgan’s loss of her silver spoon. Together, it was a picture that said more than words ever could.
“I guess we don’t have to make those rounds,” said Malawi, all choked up.
“But now what are we supposed to do?” asked Karimba.
Her mother put her arm around her waist. “Listen to your heart.”
“My heart is telling me to work at the mall.”
“The mall could never be as rewarding as this,” said her father. “You’re changing lives here.” He noticed a tear rolling down her cheek. “And they’re changing yours.”
Karimba looked at Malawi. “I guess I’ll be giving Marigogos some bad news.”
Malawi’s face lit up. “I guess so.”
The Barndales went over to greet the crowd, and Morgan stepped up to Karimba. “Does this mean you accept our apology?”
“Most definitely. Now we ask you to accept ours. We were rude and insensitive. And we apologize from the bottom of our hearts.”
Malawi gave Ariana a hug. “I can’t believe you did this. Whose idea was it?”
“Morgan. She organized the whole thing.”
“Don’t go thinking I’m a softy, alright,” said Morgan, dabbing the corner of her eyes with a tissue. “I was only thinking about the others. They need this boot camp thing.”
“We need it, too,” said Malawi, hugging her. Morgan closed her eyes and returned the embrace.
“Tell me one thing,” said Karimba, “How did you get inside the gate?”
“That would be Reggie,” said Ariana. “He picked the lock.”
Reggie was standing nearby listening. When he heard his name, he assumed the worst and scurried away. 
“To celebrate this moment,” said Mrs. Barndale, “my husband and I invite you all to come inside and join us for refreshments.”
Everyone headed to the house where they spent the next two hours laughing and talking. By nine o’clock, the guests were gone and the Barndales were cleaning up. Karimba had just loaded the dishwasher when her phone rang. She saw it was Craig and slipped onto the deck for some privacy. 
“Hey, Craig,” she said, gazing at the starry sky.
“Hey. Are we still on for Saturday night?”
“Sure.”
“Okay. The movie starts at nine. I’ll swing by to get you about eight-thirty. And you’ll have to excuse the car. It’s kind of old, but I’ll be getting a new one soon.”
“Lucky you.” She looked through the screen and saw her parents moving around in the kitchen. “Let’s make it eight-twenty. My parents want you to come inside so they can meet you.”
“Then eight-twenty it is.”
She fanned away a mosquito buzzing in her ear. “One more thing. Can you bring Jordan with you? I want to get him and Malawi together to talk things out. It will also give her a chance to spend some time with you and see how nice you are.”
“I was looking forward to it just being the two of us.”
“Aw, come on. We have the whole summer to be together.”
“Jeez . . . Alright. I’ll bring him.”
“Great. And don’t let him know about it till he gets here. It’s not supposed to be a date.”
“No problem.”
“Alright. Well, I have to go. I forgot to turn on the dishwasher.”
“I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Alright. Bye.”
She put her phone in her pocket and went back in the kitchen, hoping her secret maneuver would pay off.
Chapter 7: Company Halt! 
Thursday was a good day at the Boot Camp. Everyone arrived on time, except Ariana, who showed up early again. But this time, it was her doing. Helping set up gave her a chance to settle in before the others got there and made her feel less nervous about participating in the activities. They worked on cafeteria etiquette the first hour and a half and wrapped up the day with classroom etiquette. Everyone worked extra hard, and they rolled right into Friday feeling good about their progress.
Friday started off with a grossed out discussion about personal hygiene. While Willard argued against deodorant, he saw a man watching them from behind a tree. His eyes zoomed in on the armpits of the guy’s shirt.
“Who is that creep across the street with the funky yellow stains? That’s a perfect example of why I refuse to use harsh chemicals on my body!”
The girls took a look. “I don’t know who that is,” said Malawi. “Karimba, have you seen him before?”
“No. I’m going to get Dad.” She turned and ran to the house.
Mr. Barndale was at his desk, completely frustrated with his writing. He lifted his computer and was about to throw it, when there was a knock at the door. “Who is it?” The door opened and Karimba stepped in. She stared at the computer above his head.
“Am I interrupting something?”
“No . . .  No, I was just trying a new workout. What do you need?”
He watched her curiously as she walked to the window and parted the curtain. “Take a look at this.” He put the computer down and peered over her shoulder. What he saw made his blood boil. “Stay in the yard,” he said. “I have to go talk to that guy.” He walked outside and crossed the street. The man walked toward him when he saw him coming. Mr. Barndale quickly sized him up in case he got violent. He was six-foot two, red-faced, with bushy eyebrows crunched together that made him look like he was about to blow a gasket. “May I ask what you’re doing?”
The guy whipped a business card from his shirt pocket and handed it to him. “Ollie McDermott, City Clerk. That your property?”
“Yes, it is. Is there a problem?”
“Big problem. It looks like you’re running some type of business over there.”
“I don’t know if you would call it a business. It’s just my daughters trying to make a little money for college.”
“If there’s money involved, it’s a business,” said McDermott, tapping Mr. Barndale’s chest.
“Would you mind not poking me like that?” he said, taking a step back.
McDermott grunted and put his hand in his pocket. “What exactly are they doing?”
“They’re giving students tips on handling the bullies up at the high school.”
“Is that so? Well, do either of your daughters have a degree in adolescent behavior?!”
“Of course not. They’re teenagers.”
“What about a business license? I checked my files and the only business registered at this address is for Clarence Barndale, Writer. Is that you?”
“That’s correct. But this camp they’re running is a one shot deal. Surely, you’re not going to make a fuss over some license thing.”
“That’s exactly what I intend to do. Barndale, if you don’t have the proper papers and fees on my desk by Monday morning with this business in the name of an adult certified to work with adolescents, I will shut this thing down.”
“Now, how am I supposed to do all that? It’s already Friday.”
“That’s your problem. Just get it done or tell those misfits over there to stay home and figure out how to deal with their problems on their own.” McDermott turned away in a huff, then walked to a white pickup truck and drove off.
Mr. Barndale stood there a moment trying to determine his next move. In no time at all, he knew exactly what he had to do. He crossed the street and the girls met him at the gate. “That didn’t look too good, Dad,” said Malawi. “Who was he?”
“A guy from the City. He wants to shut you down because you don’t have a business license or credentials.”
Karimba angrily folded her arms. “So we’re done?”
“We’re not done until we say we’re done. As far as I’m concerned, that’s another six weeks from now.” He started toward the house. “Keep an eye on things till I get back. I’m going down to City Hall.”
He went in the office to get his keys and wallet, then hopped in his wife’s car and drove away. Throughout the short drive, he told himself over and over to stay calm. When he reached City Hall, he hurried in and got the forms he needed. Luckily, McDermott wasn’t there, and he was in and out without a confrontation. He drove home, then sat at his desk and started filling out the papers. When he got to the part asking for the name of the business manager, he paused.

Later that evening, he and Mrs. Barndale sat on the deck with the papers in front of them. “Are you sure about this?” she asked.
“It’s the only way we can keep the Boot Camp open.”
“But is it important enough for you to make this kind of sacrifice? You’re in the middle of your book.”
He leaned back and rubbed his hand across the stubble on his neck. “The Boot Camp is only from nine to twelve. Once everybody leaves, I’ll have the rest of the day to work on it.”
“In theory, yes, but that’s not the way you do things. You’re going to get so involved that you won’t have any time at all to write.”
“Then I’ll put the book on hold.”
His comment threw her for a second. She looked away to gather her thoughts, and then stared him dead in the eye. “Honey, I’ve watched you go from one project to another. Inventions, songwriting, screenplays . . . You did it all. And every time you said, Honey this is the big one, I believed you. Just like I believed you when you said it about this book. Now, here’s our reality. We’ve been living off one income for ten years with the expectation that one of your ideas would come through. We’ve seen some tough times, and we’ve always made it. But with two daughters in college, I don’t think we can pull it off anymore. We’re going to need that extra income. So you need to stay with this book and make it happen.”
He reached across the table and held her hand. “I have to be honest. Right now the book is going nowhere. My main character is in a tailspin about to crash into the ocean, and I feel like I’m crashing right along with him. Maybe I need to come up with a new story idea . . . or just give up altogether and put that teaching certification to use.”
She gently rubbed the back of his hand. “At the end of the day, going back into teaching might be the answer. But right now, it’s not what I’m pushing for. All I’m asking you to do is finish the book, not quit. Writing is your first love, and if you give it up, I know how miserable you’ll be. So, here’s what I suggest. Go ahead and work at it part-time. But I need you to be committed to that. Three hours with the camp and the rest of the day you’re in there writing. Okay?”
“Okay?”
“And who knows? Maybe hanging out with the kids for the summer is the perfect cure for this slump you’re in.”
He moved next to her and held her in his arms. “Thanks. And I promise, when this is over, I’ll be in the office full-time again. This project will get completed.”
“Completed and in the hands of five million readers!”
“You like to dream big, don’t you?”
“No, dreaming is your department. Just make it happen, alright? I’m still waiting for that honeymoon you promised me.”
“Don’t give up on that. It’s coming.” She smiled and rested her head on his shoulder.
Chapter 8: Mixing Business With Pleasure
Saturday afternoon, Karimba caught Malawi as she came out the basement. She had just finished lifting and had a towel around her neck drenched with sweat.
“You stink.”
Malawi sniffed her underarm. “Isn’t it wonderful?”
“Please! I hope you plan on taking a shower soon to wash all that funk off.”
“In a few. I want to rest first.”
“Good. Just make sure you’re ready when the guys get here. And remember, they have to come in to meet Mom and Dad.”
“No, Craig has to come in! They already know Jordan. He can wait in the car.”
“Why are you so mean? You’re the one who wanted to do this.”
“Alright, he can come in. But remember, this is strictly business.”
“More like mixing business with pleasure. I know this is not just about Craig.” Malawi gave her an evil eye, then tossed her towel in her face and ran upstairs. “Ewwww!” Karimba threw the towel to the floor and ran after her.
 
Around eight twenty that night, Craig and Jordan pulled up in front of the house. Jordan looked perplexed. “I thought you said we were going bowling.”
Craig turned off the engine and pulled the keys from the ignition. “We are. I just need to run in for a hot minute. Come with me.”
“I’m not wanted in there.”
“How do you know that?”
“Easy. She hasn’t returned any of my messages.”
Craig looked at himself in the rearview mirror and patted his hair. “You know how girls are. She’s probably playing hard to get. But there’s only one way to find out.” He stepped out and Jordan reluctantly followed. When they rang the bell, Karimba answered with a bubbly smile.
“Hey guys! Come on in.”
She led them to the living room. Jordan took a seat on the sofa, while she and Craig snuggled together on the loveseat. Within thirty seconds, Craig was rocking his leg like he was anxious to get going. Karimba leaned over. “It will be quick. And if my dad tries to give you the third degree, I’ll jump in and save you.”
Her parents walked in and she started the introductions. “Mom, Dad this is Craig. Craig, this is my mother and father.”
Craig stood and they shook hands. Her father stared at him curiously. “You look familiar.”
“I guess I have one of those faces.”
“I guess.” He raised his finger to his lips and wrinkled his forehead, trying to remember where he saw him before. Sensing trouble, Karimba quickly took control of the conversation.
“And of course, you know Jordan.”
Her mother smiled. “Hello, Jordan. Are you going to the movies, too?”
He looked at Craig confused. “Uh, no. At this point, I don’t know what I’m doing.”
Just then, Malawi walked in looking like she was ready for a photo shoot, wearing gold sandals with matching ear rings, blue jeans and an ivory cami. She stopped in her tracks when she saw Jordan, pretending to be surprised. “What are you doing here?”
He threw up his hands. “Look, I’m with Craig. We were supposed to be going bowling and somehow ended up here.”
She folded her arms and gave Karimba a hard stare. Karimba tilted her head and smiled. “Isn’t it funny how this all worked out. Well, since we’re all here and you’re looking all snazzy, why don’t you and Jordan come on and hang out with us? Jordan, what do you say?”
He looked at Malawi, admiring how pretty she looked. “I’m okay with it. What about you?”
Malawi smiled timidly. “Well, since you are here, I guess it’s okay.”
“That settles it,” their mother said. “You all just go to the movies, so I don’t have to stand here trying to figure out what’s going on.”
They all laughed and prepared to leave. Craig extended his hand once again to Mr. Barndale, who was still studying his face. “Nice meeting you, sir.”
“Same here. We’ll see you again.”
They left the house and Mr. Barndale watched them through the window as his wife fixed the cushions on the couch. “There’s something about that Craig that bothers me.”
“He seems like a nice young man to me,” she said.  
“So he seems. I think I’ll keep my eye on him.”

About midnight, Craig drove up to the house and parked. Karimba was in the front. Malawi and Jordan were in the back. Craig looked over the seat. “Jordan, why don’t you walk Malawi to the door? I want to sit here and talk with Karimba for a minute.”
Karimba looked at their parents’ bedroom and saw a shadow by the window. “Not a good idea. My Dad’s watching. If Malawi gets out without me, he’ll be down here with a flashlight embarrassing all of us.”
“So what am I supposed to do, just shake your hand and say good-bye?”
Malawi giggled. “Sounds about right to me.”
Karimba shook her head, completely unamused. “Look, we can all walk to the door together. That will show him you’re a gentleman.”
“I don’t have to prove anything to anybody.”
“You do to my father,” she replied.
Craig made a face and they got out the car. He and Karimba stood on the sidewalk while Malawi and Jordan strolled up the path to the house. The air was sweet and the stars hung low in the dark summer sky. 
“I enjoyed hanging out with you,” said Jordan.
“Yeah, it was fun.”
He tugged at his ear. “So, did you think about . . .”
“Nope.”
“You didn’t even let me finish.”
“Because I knew what you were going to say.”
“You’re one tough girl, you know that?”
“Yeah, I know. Now, let me ask you a question. If something happened, and you had a chance to spend part of your summer break here in Punchville, would you do it?”
“In a heartbeat.”
She stopped and searched his eyes for the truth. “Why?”
“That’s obvious. To be with you.”
“Do you mean it?”
“From the bottom of my broken heart.”
“You know, all this could have been avoided if you had just picked a school a lot closer. Do you realize how far away Tennessee is?”
“Two hours by plane, ten by train, seventeen by car, and thirty by bus.”
“Which basically means it’s far.”
“It’s not like I had a choice in the matter. I need that in-state tuition.”
“I understand . . . really. But it’s still far.” They started walking again and stopped when they reached the steps.
“I guess it’s a waste of time trying to ask you out.”
“For now. But if that something happens, all that could change.”
“What’s this something you keep talking about?”
“Sisters’ secret.”
He laughed softly. “Back at me, right?”
“Yup.” She smiled and kissed him on the cheek. “Good night.”
“Good night.” He took several steps backwards, smiled at her, then turned toward the car.
Malawi looked at Jordan and Karimba standing close talking. “Time to go, girl.”
Karimba rolled her eyes. “Sometimes I wonder who’s the oldest. But she’s right. Call me tomorrow.”
Venting his disappointment, Craig tossed his keys up and snatched the jingling mass out the air. “Alright, K.”
She glanced at the upstairs window, then gave him a quick peck on the lips and walked off. He jumped in the car and left before she reached the door. 
Chapter 9: Let The Fireworks Begin
Monday morning, Mr. Barndale entered the City Clerk’s office and found McDermott on the phone in a heated conversation. “Mrs. Fishgill, I don’t care how old you are! Now either pay your taxes or that pretty little property will be advertised for the next tax sale. Good-bye!” He slammed the phone on the receiver and saw Mr. Barndale at the counter. He flared his nostrils as he prepared to pounce on his next victim. “Morning! You got that paperwork?” Mr. Barndale reached inside a briefcase and put the papers in front of him. McDermott put on his glasses and looked them over like a hawk. “I see you listed yourself as manager.”
“That’s right.”
“Well, according to our records, you’re a writer. I told you the person running that business had to be certified by the state to work with adolescents. Now, unless by some miracle you’re able to produce that certification, I’m going to have to reject this application.”
“I don’t think so.” He reached back in the briefcase and handed him his certificate.
McDermott’s face turned red. “You’re a certified teacher?”
“According to the State of New Jersey.”
The angry clerk slapped the certificate on the counter and searched the papers. “It costs seventy-five dollars to file. Where’s the check?” Barndale pulled a check from his pocket. McDermott took it, and then looked at him with beady eyes. “You think this is funny? Go ahead. Run your camp. But we’ll see who’s laughing when I’m done with you.”
Mr. Barndale put his certificate back in the briefcase and left out whistling a happy tune. McDermott returned to his desk and started plotting his next move. “Who has the dirt on everybody in town?” He grabbed his phonebook and flipped through the pages until he found the number he was looking for. He picked up the phone and dialed. “Hello, Mrs. Hoffman, this is Ollie McDermott, City Clerk. What are you doing for lunch today?”

Karimba and Malawi saw their father entering the yard. They dropped everything and ran over to hear what happened. “Did it go okay?” asked Karimba.
“Of course it went okay. As a matter of fact, it went better than okay! You should have seen old McDermott’s face when I whipped out my teaching certificate. The old windbag! He’s probably sitting under his desk crying right now.”
Malawi wagged her finger at him. “Dad, you always told us it’s not good to boast.”
“True. But I wouldn’t call this boasting. Let’s say I’m enjoying my victory.” He crouched and let loose a jab from the hip. “Wham! I really socked it to him!”
“Hopefully, he doesn’t turn around and sock it to us.”
“Forget about him. He’s history. Now, for this to be legit, I need to get involved. So, give me something to do.”
“How about working with the guys,” said Karimba? “We just finished our group and were about to work with them individually.”
“Should I be following an outline?”
“No, just jump in and be Dad.”
“I can do that.”
He got Alonso, Willard, Reggie, and Kalani and took them over to the deck. Once they settled down, he noticed Alonso was acting like he was in pain again. The past two days, he was doing better, but it seemed like the progress he made was gone. Mr. Barndale decided it was time for them to have a man-to-man talk.
The two of them went to his office. Alonso quickly scanned the desk and fixed his eyes on the largest encyclopedic dictionary he’d ever seen. Nearby was a replica of Rodin’s sculpture The Thinker, shining as a symbol of the brainwork that took place there. He turned and behind him was a pair of faded track shoes with spikes that had long rusted inside them. On the wall above the shoes was a display case with medals dating back more than thirty-five years.
“Wow,” said Alonso. “Are these yours?”
“Yeah. I did a little track.”
“Looks more like you did a lot of track. What was you event?”
“High jump. I wasn’t the best, but I did make All-American a couple of times.”
“Then you were good! Do you miss it?”
“Like crazy. Would you believe that after all these years I still get track fever.”
“Is that like the flu?”
He laughed. “No, it’s just an expression. It means I get a strong urge to get back out there.”
“You should do it. You never know.”
“Oh, I know alright. I competed last summer and almost killed myself. Malawi was there. If she was jumping, she would have beaten me.”
“She’s that good?”
“County champion. I think she would have won state, if she hadn’t pulled her calf. But she’ll be fine. She has four years of college to show what she can do. As for me, I leave the competitive sports to young people like you. I have bigger dreams now.”
Alonso thought about his burns. “Why are you so convinced she’ll bounce back?”
“Because the doctor said she would.”
“But how can you be so sure? Were you ever injured?”
“A few times. Once I pulled a hamstring so bad I thought I would never jump again. When I got cleared to compete, I was almost too scared to get back out there. Wasn’t sure if I still had it. And it’s funny. As I got close to the next meet, I started feeling that pain again and almost dropped out of the competition. But it was all in my head. The mind can play some serious tricks on you, for sure.”
Alonso got still and their eyes locked. Mr. Barndale knew he struck a nerve and put his hand on his shoulder. “Is that what’s going on with you?”   
He nodded. “Everybody’s expecting so much from me. What if I lost my skills?”
“At fourteen?! Come on! You still have many years of soccer ahead of you, but you need to get back out there and work out the kinks. And it needs to be soon. The longer you wait, the harder it’s going to be. Do you want to be all rusted up like those spikes down there?”
“No.”
“Then shake off the dust and get off the sidelines. As soon as you start moving around and your muscles loosen up, you’ll be playing like your old self in no time. I guarantee it.”
Alonso looked at the spikes and knew he was right. He then gazed at the medals and the gold sparkled in his eyes. His lifelong dream of playing professional soccer was suddenly rekindled. He could taste the glory. He remembered the victories, the goals and the roar of the crowd. This was his life. And he was ready to live it again.

At one o’clock, Gracie Hoffman drove into the Punchville Diner parking lot and squeezed her car between McDermott’s pickup and a large sedan. She got out and smudged her yellow dress, but instead of screaming like she wanted to do, kept her cool and pulled her husband’s raincoat from the trunk. She threw it on and scurried to Daisy’s Boutique on the other side of the street. Minutes later, she emerged in a brand new outfit. “I will not have people in this town gossiping about me!” she exclaimed.
As she entered the diner, she spotted McDermott seated in the back booth waving her over. He politely stood to shake her hand and they sat down. “Mr. McDermott,” she said, watching him rip open a sugar packet and empty it in his mouth, “if this has anything to do with the new steps we put on the house, I just want you to know that permit was the contractor’s responsibility.”
“This has nothing to do with that, although I will make note of it.” He took a pad from his back pocket and wrote a memo to himself. “Anyway, I wanted to meet with you because no one is tapped into the grapevine of this great city like you are.”
“Well, I do try to stay well-informed. Is there something I can help you with?”
“Yes, I’m putting together a list of local candidates for our Business of The Year Award. In your travels, have you heard mention of any youth-oriented business worthy of consideration?”
“Well, in my opinion, that honor should only go to the High School Boot Camp.”
“Really? That’s run by those two Barndale girls, right?”
“Yes, Karimba and Malawi. They are so good! My daughter, Kelly, loves it.”
“So, what do you know about their family?”
“What don’t I know? Their mother has been working as a healthcare administrator for close to thirty years. She’s the breadwinner of the family. Their father is an author. He hasn’t had much luck with that yet, but from what I hear, he’s extremely talented. I also hear their marriage is on the rocks because she’s tired of waiting for that bestseller. But they’re such good people. I expect them to pull through.”
“Failing marriage, huh? Are they strapped for cash?” He opened another sugar packet.
“No, a little tight sometimes, but they make out okay.”
“He has a teaching certificate. Why doesn’t he just go out and get a real job?”
“Well, he’s a bit of a rebel.”
“As in he wants to overthrow the government? Is he into bombs?!”
She giggled. “Mr. McDermott, you are so funny. He’s not that kind of a rebel. He’s just turned off by the nine-to-five scene.”
“Oh, I see. Do the Barndales have any other kids?” He emptied the packet in his mouth and his eyes nearly bulged out their sockets.
“Yes, their fourteen year old son, Kalani. He has special needs. He’s a real cutie, but he sure keeps them on their toes.”
“In what way?” he asked, rubbing his chin.
“He likes to wander away from the house. Do you know he’s run off at least five times? Once they were out searching for almost two hours. They found him about a half mile away caught in some thickets in a wooded area. God only knows what could have happened if they hadn’t found him.”
“Did they notify the police?”
“That’s the thing,” she whispered, leaning across the table. “They never do because they’re afraid they might get in trouble with the authorities. You know, Child Services.”
“Oh, REALLY?” He smiled, his mind racing as the waitress walked over.
“What’ll y’all have?”
“Make mine a fat turkey sandwich,” he said.

Tuesday morning, McDermott was back at his post waiting for something to go wrong, but nothing happened. Wednesday and Thursday were the same. Then came Friday, the day his patience would finally pay off.
After nearly two weeks of no mischief, Reggie was itching to get back into action, and McDermott’s staring and wedgie making made him an instant target. He sat on the deck with a cigarette lighter in his hand that he had stuck in a backpack loaded with fireworks. His plan was to light them and throw the bag over the fence. But while playing around with the lighter, he accidentally sparked a flame that slowly burned its way toward the explosives.
“Smells like something’s burning,” said Mr. Barndale.
The other guys started sniffing the air. “Yeah, I smell something, too,” said Alonso.
“Me, too,” said Willard. “And I also smell gunpowder. It must be eradicated!”
Reggie felt the heat and snatched his hand from the bag, and rockets shot up like the Fourth of July. POP! POP! POP! went the firecrackers with paper raining down like confetti. 
“Away from the table!” shouted Mr. Barndale.
Karimba and Malawi waved their hands. “Guys, over here!”
They scrambled away and Mr. Barndale ran for the hose. As soon as he grabbed it, he heard a scream and hurried back. There he found Alonso jumping up and down with his shirt on fire. “Drop and roll!” he shouted. “Drop and roll!” Alonso dropped to the ground. He soaked him with water, and then turned the hose on the backpack. When he was done, Alonso sat up gasping for air. “Are you okay?!”
“Yeah,” he said, climbing to his feet. “Sorry if I scared you. It felt like I was back home trapped in that fire again.”
“So, you’re not hurt?”
“No.”
“Great. Give me a second and I’ll get you a dry shirt.” Mr. Barndale looked over at the girls. “Karimba, Malawi, is everyone accounted for?”
They quickly did a head count, and when they were finished, looked perplexed. “Where is Kalani?” shouted Karimba. Everyone froze.
“Maybe he went inside,” said Malawi.
Their father immediately ran over to the gate, and a chill ran through his body when he found it ajar. He pushed it until it clicked. “Everybody, check the house!” he yelled.
They went through every room, frantically calling his name. In ten minutes they were back, realizing he was gone. It was déjà vu. The girls had tears in their eyes and were ready to take to the streets, when their father had a flash. “The GPS!” Then he kicked the ground. “Darn it! I didn’t put the transmitter on him today! . . . Alright, we’ll break into teams and search the neighborhood!”
“Hold up!” yelled Malawi. “When did you last see the transmitter?”
“The day you guys went to the mall. Why?”
“Because he wore the same shorts he had on today. Maybe it’s still in his pocket.”
“You may be right!” He rushed in the house and came back with the receiver. He turned it on and it started beeping off the chart. “Got him! Okay, one of you girls stay here. The other one come with me.”
“I’ll stay,” said Malawi.
“Alright. I have my cell phone on me. Give Alonso one of my T-shirts, and call your mother. Tell her to stay put. I’ll contact her in twenty minutes.” He and Karimba left the yard prepared to hop in the car, when he remembered his wife drove herself to work today. “Oh, great!” They started for the street and saw McDermott leaning against the tree.
“Problems Barndale?”
“I know you saw my son walk out that gate! Why didn’t you stop him?”
“And break up all the excitement? I couldn’t do that. You know, you should call the police. God forbid something should happen to him out there.”
McDermott’s words stung like salt in an open wound. He wanted to retaliate, but time was too precious. They broke into a jog and followed the signal to the end of the block, then turned south toward downtown Punchville. Running alongside traffic, they traveled in the direction of the freeway and noticed the signal starting to grow weak. Then it stopped. They looked at each other, not wanting to think the worst.
“Daddy!” Karimba screamed, her eyes welling up with tears.
“It could be the batteries,” he said. “That transmitter’s been on over a week.”
As they neared the freeway, they found traffic backed up several blocks. There were police cars and an ambulance in the middle of the street. People had gathered on a corner, and everything looked calm, until a woman yelled, “Oh, my God! Is he dead?!” They panicked and pushed through the crowd and saw rescue workers leaning over a stretcher. They got a better angle and saw it was an elderly man who had passed out from the heat. Mr. Barndale held his chest, glad it was nothing serious, but especially glad it wasn’t Kalani.
Karimba wiped her eyes. “Daddy, I’m scared. We should call the police.”
“Okay. The police station is two blocks over. Let’s just go there.”
They walked a couple of feet, and the transmitter lit up again. The signal led them past the Justice Complex to the Public Library. They hurried inside, and he pulled a picture from his wallet and showed it to the librarian. “Did you see this boy wandering around?” 
“Yes, that’s Kalani.”
“You know him?”
“Of course. He’s been here many times with his class. He’s in the children’s room with Mrs. Morrow. You didn’t respond when I paged you, so I called the police. I’ll call them back and tell them it was a false alarm.”
“I’d appreciate that. I turned my back and he was gone. Darn kid.”
Karimba stared at him as they walked away. “Dad, you lied.”
“No, I didn’t. That’s exactly what happened. It just didn’t happen here.” They found Kalani at a table with Mrs. Morrow drawing a picture of what happened in the yard. Fireworks were in the sky. Guys were running. And while everyone was distracted, he was sneaking out the gate.
“There you are,” said Mr. Barndale. “It’s time to go home now.”
Kalani looked up. “Hi, Daddy.” He then pointed at his picture. “I went for a walk.”
“Yes, you did, but you forgot to draw me, your mother, Malawi, or Karimba going with you. You know that’s the way it’s supposed to be, right?”
“Sorry, Daddy.”
“Well, say good-bye to Mrs. Morrow. We have to get going.”
Kalani picked up his paper, then stood and saluted. Bye, Miss Morrow. Have a great day!”
She chuckled. “You have a great day, too, Kalani.”
They left the building and stood on the sidewalk. Karimba hugged him with tears in her eyes. He looked at her, trying to understand why she was upset.
“Keep an eye on him,” said her Father. “I need to call your mother.”
Mrs. Barndale was on the line with Malawi. She saw his call and sighed with relief. “That’s him now, Malawi. I’ll call you right back.” She clicked over. “Tell me you found him.”
“We found him, and he’s okay.”
“Where on earth was he?!”
“At the library. Can you give us a lift?”
“Be right there.”
He went back to Kalani, then took him to a bench and sat down. “Kalani, why did you go out the gate?”
“I wanted to go for a walk,” he responded, innocently.
“But you know you’re not supposed to leave the house alone.”
“Sorry.”
“You need to tell Karimba, Malawi, and your mother you’re sorry, too, because they were very upset. That’s why Karimba is crying.”
“Sorry, Karimba.”
His father pointed to the cars and buses moving up and down the street. “You see that traffic out there?”
“Yes.”
“Well, you can get hurt very bad crossing the street by yourself. Children get hit by cars every day. That’s why you need somebody with you. Do you remember the time you ran off and got stuck in that wooded area and were crying for a long time?”
“Yes.”
“You didn’t like that, did you?”
“No. I was scared.”
“We were scared, too. And we don’t want that to happen to you again. So please don’t leave the house by yourself.”
Kalani looked at Karimba, finally understanding why she was sad. His got teary-eyed and walked over to give her a hug. When he finished, their mother pulled up. She got out the car and held him, then closed her eyes and whispered, “Thank you!” over and over again.

When they arrived home, the driveway was filled with cars. They parked and went in the yard, where they found the students, parents, and Danielle patiently waiting. As they greeted them, they heard McDermott yelling outside the fence.
“Barndale, we need to talk!”
“Not now, McDermott!”
“Yes, Now!”
He turned to his wife and rubbed his head. “Let’s go see what this character wants.” They walked back to the driveway and closed the gate behind them. “What is it?”
McDermott put his hands on his hips and rocked from heel to toe. “What happened here today was a total act of negligence. The lives of nine children were endangered with your illegal fireworks display. One of them even caught on fire, and it’s a miracle the poor kid didn’t burn up. On top of that, you let your disabled son walk off and wander around this city alone. He could have been killed out there! Now, I want this camp shut down immediately!”
Mr. Barndale angrily stepped forward. His wife held his arm to calm him down. “I’m going to fight this!”
“I don’t think so. You see, I happen to know this is not the first time you let your son get away. Because of your carelessness, he’s wandered off a total of five times. This makes six. And only once did you call the police to help in the search. And I know why. Because Child Services would take that kid and give him to somebody who can care for him. Now, either you do as I say, or I’ll drop a dime on you quicker than you can blink. You got that?!”
McDermott walked to his pickup and drove off, leaving the Barndales seething. They stood there a moment to cool off, then went back and broke the news to the others.
“There must be something we can do,” said Mrs. Flores. “I can’t believe he would do this over some little fireworks mishap.”
“It’s more than just the fireworks,” said Mrs. Barndale. “Let’s go inside and we’ll tell you all about it.”
After the Barndales told their story, Gracie Hoffman jumped out of her seat. “Why that no good dog! He tricked me!”
“Who tricked you?” asked Danielle.
“That doggone Ollie McDermott!” She looked at Mr. and Mrs. Barndale, totally disgusted in herself. “I have a confession to make. I’m the one who told him about Kalani’s disappearances and the situation with the police. I meant no harm. He was just asking me a bunch of questions regarding some phony award and, well . . . You know me. Sometimes I don’t know when to shut my trap.”
Mrs. Matthews shook her head. “I don’t know Clarence. It seems like he has a bone to pick with you about something. Did you ever do anything to him?”
“Nothing that I know of.”
“I really don’t think it’s that personal,” said Mrs. Neesblok. “I get the feeling it’s the camp.”
“Maybe it’s the kind of camp,” added Mrs. Palmer, “and the kind of students who come here.”
“They’re just students who need help fitting in,” said Mrs. Barndale. “Who would be against that?”
“An angry man with a son who never had such an opportunity!” exclaimed Mrs. Hoffman. “Somebody told me he has a sixteen-year-old who used to live in another state with his grandparents, but they sent him back for some mysterious reason. He then quit high school after his freshman year because those hooligans terrorized him. Now nobody ever sees him. He stays shut up in that old house and only comes out at night. There’s even a rumor about the poor kid being a vampire! Can you believe that? Where do people get these ridiculous stories?”
“Is there any truth to this?” asked Danielle.
“What, the vampire story?”
“No, about the son.”
“Well, actually, there is. Now, I wasn’t spying or anything. One night I just happened to be over that way and parked on their street to see if he would come out. At three in the morning, there he was in a black outfit, his face as pale as the moon.”
“Just what did this outfit look like?” asked Mrs. Barndale.
“It was a hooded sweat suit, and on his feet were these bright orange sneakers.”
“Sounds like he was just going for a run.”
Mr. Barndale rubbed his chin. “Honey, remember when you had that fever a while back, and I took a ride over to the all night shopping center? Well, there was this rowdy group of guys shoving around a kid who fits that description. I broke it up and he took off. I wonder if that was him.”
“Wouldn’t that be a coincidence,” said Mrs. Hoffman.
“What’s their address?” he asked. “I think I’ll pay our friend Ollie a visit tomorrow.”
She gasped. “Are you sure you want to go over there? It’s pretty dark and run down. There’s no telling what goes on in that place.”
“I have no choice.”
“Well, alright. They’re at 217 Pine Forest Road. It’s the rundown gray house in the middle of the block.”
Chapter 10: A Surprise Houseguest
At eleven fifteen Saturday morning, Mr. Barndale drove to the McDermott house. It was an old two-story structure with peeling paint, a broken second floor window, and shrubs that hadn’t been trimmed in years. It was everything Mrs. Hoffman said it was, except for one small detail. A rusted sign over the door that read Home Is Where The Heart Is. It gave him hope that McDermott had a soft side yet to be discovered.
He got out the car and walked up the steps, where he noticed some orange running shoes against the wall. After ringing the doorbell and getting no answer, he walked around back.
“That you, Todd?” came McDermott’s gruff voice from somewhere beyond his view.
“It’s Clarence Barndale.”
“Come on in here, Barndale. I need some help.”
He passed through a gate and found McDermott sitting on a tree branch ten feet in the air. Lying flat on the ground beneath him was a rickety wooden ladder.
“What are you doing up there?”
“Ripping out an old squirrel nest. Promised my wife I’d take care of it a long time ago. Set that ladder up for me.” He lifted the ladder and leaned it against the tree, holding it steady as he climbed down. When McDermott was back on the ground, he gave Barndale a sly smile. “Now, what are you doing here? Come to beg?”
“No, I just wanted to find out why you’re so hostile toward our Boot Camp.”
“Hostile? That’s a strong word. But I guess it fits. Come rest your feet a minute.” He followed McDermott over to a set of folding chairs, and they sat down. “A man has a right to like or dislike as he chooses,” McDermott continued. “You don’t like everything you come across and neither do I.”
“True. But one of our parents seems to think it’s not that simple. She thinks you have a grudge against us.”
“Oh, really?”
“She believes it has something to do with your son, Todd.”
“How much did that gossip, Mrs. Hoffman, tell you?”
“I see she has quite a reputation.”
“A reputation that will be her downfall one day. Now what did she say?”
“She said he had problems with the kids at the high school and dropped out.”
“Yeah, they took him through the wringer and he quit. Now he’s nothing but a worthless bum.” 
Mr. Barndale looked at him strangely. “Lighten up. How does your wife feel when you degrade him like that?”
“My wife ran out on me eight years ago. She’s dead now.”
“I’m sorry. The way you were talking I just assumed . . .”
“Well, you were wrong. There’s nobody here but me and that crumb snatcher upstairs.” 
“There you go again. You talk like you don’t love him.”
McDermott folded his arms and grinned cynically. “Love? I stopped loving a long time ago.”
“Alright, but is it fair to take it out on him . . . or us?”
“Nothing in life is fair! Don’t you know that? Kate is gone and all I have to show for our time together is a worthless son that I’ll probably have to take care of the rest of my life. So why should I give a hoot about being fair to you?”
“Because it would make a bunch of kids very happy.”
“I don’t care about anybody else’s kids! I have one upstairs. Where was this program when he needed it?”
“It didn’t exist . . . but it does now.”
McDermott studied him for a moment. “What are you getting at?”
“Why don’t you let Todd join our Boot Camp? It’s not too late. This could turn out to be the life-changing experience he needs.”
“You are hilarious!” he replied with a hearty, leg-slapping laugh. “The bum dropped out! He has no intention of going back to high school!”
Barndale looked him in the eye to show he was serious. “If he hangs out with us, I might be able to change his mind.”
McDermott stared at him long and hard. He saw a sucker ready to jump through hoops, a prize sap he could string along just for the fun of it. “Look,” he said, “I’m driving out to Rhode Island on Monday to spend a few days with my brother. Todd won’t be going. If you’re willing to come over here every morning and take him to your camp, then I’m willing to give you a shot. And I’ll make a deal with you. If you’re somehow able to work a miracle on him, I’ll forget about that little thing with Child Services. But if I get back and he’s still the same, I will pursue this case and shut you down. Understand?”
“But that’s not enough time. I need him for the rest of the camp. That’s five weeks.”
“Five weeks nothing! You’ve got six days. When I pick him up, I want to see a change.”
“Give us three weeks, at least!”
“Six days. Take it or leave it.”
Barndale knew it was nearly impossible, but he was out of options. “Okay, but he’ll have to come stay with us. That’s the only way I’ll have a chance of pulling this off.”
“Sounds good to me, but I have to run it by him. If he goes for it, you’re on. Deal?”
“Deal.” They shook hands, but he might as well have shaken hands with the air because McDermott had no intention of honoring his agreement.
“I’ll talk to him this afternoon,” said McDermott, “and I’ll call you either way.”

When Barndale got home, he gathered everyone into the living room for a family meeting. “I have good news,” he said. “McDermott has agreed to let the Boot Camp stay open.” They cheered, and he motioned for them to hold on. “That’s if we can inspire his son to go back to school. But there’s a catch. We only have six days. He’s going on a short vacation and expects it to be done when he gets back.”
“Talk about a tight squeeze!” said Malawi.
“Which is why I suggested that Todd move in with us while his father’s away.”
His announcement startled them. Malawi turned to her mother. “Did you know about this?”
“This is my first time hearing about it. Honey, why didn’t we discuss this first?”
“There wasn’t time. I saw the opportunity and jumped at it. If you guys don’t feel comfortable, he can stay at home. But considering the timeframe, we’d have a greater chance of success with him being here.”
She took a deep breath and thought it over. “You’re right.” She looked at Malawi, who then looked at Karimba whose face was contorted from the idea of having a stranger living with them.
“I am not giving up my room!” she exclaimed.
“Nobody has to give up their room,” he replied. “We have a perfectly good room down in the basement with a bath. All I have to do is pull out the folding bed and he’s set.”
“Okay, but is it true that he gets up in the middle of the night and roams the streets?”
“Kelly said he goes to the graveyard and collects bones,” added Malawi. “We know she can stretch the truth, but most of the time she knows what she’s talking about.”
He frowned. “Well, this time she’s wrong. And you two need to stop listening to her. He does go out at night, but it’s only to run. And I bet he runs late to avoid the people who like to mess with him. He’s just a hurting young man looking for some place where he can feel safe. Can’t we come together as a family and give him that for six days?”
Malawi made a face. “Since you put it like that, you might as well count me in.”
“I’m not going to be the stick in the mud,” said Karimba, “so you can count me in, too. I just hope he doesn’t have any habits that gross me out. It would be a long six days if he did.”
He then looked at Kalani, who didn’t fully understand what was going on, but knew someone named Todd needed their help. “Are we going to help Todd, Kalani?”
Kalani closed his eyes and rubbed his forehead as he labored in deep thought. “Yes. Just don’t let him eat my lasagna.”
They all laughed, and Mr. Barndale stood up. “So it’s a done deal. Now we just have to wait on that call from McDermott.” At that moment, the phone rang. He clapped his hands with excitement and picked it up. “Hello! . . . Oh, okay. I’ll be there in about an hour.” He hung up, slightly disappointed.
His wife folded her arms and prepared for the worst. “McDermott?”
“No, the mechanic. The car is ready.”
She shook her head, then went over and gave him a hug. “Poor baby.”

McDermott sat in his dining room staring in a photo album at a picture of nineteen year old Kate. She held some roses and a trophy she won in a spring dance contest. With a vibrant smile, and golden hair braided across the shoulder of her yellow dress, she was by far the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen. He turned the page. There she was thirteen years later, eight months pregnant and wearing an apron. She was sad and lonely, a far cry from the happy girl she used to be. He wiped tears from his eyes and closed the album, then carried it down in the basement to a closet where he stored her things. Hanging from a rack was the yellow dress she wore in the picture. He held it to his nose and savored the memory of roses and stolen kisses. He then shut the closet and started upstairs for his talk with Todd.
By the time he made it to his room, his mood had soured and his face was hardened. He reached above the door for a key and let himself in. He found Todd in a chair, glued to the TV, with a tray piled with dishes by his side. He was sweating profusely, hoping his father didn’t see the bulge beneath his shirt. 
McDermott bristled at the untamed hair on his head and face. He then noticed the sweat. “You sick?! I don’t want you puking on my floor, so make sure you get in that bathroom in a timely manner.” Todd didn’t respond. “I know you hear me, you lazy piece of trash! Dropped out of school, now all you do is stay locked in this hole running up my electric bill. But you don’t care, do you? Do you?!”
McDermott charged across the room and upended the tray, sending the dishes crashing to the floor. He then raised his hand to strike him, but in a rare show of mercy, got control of his anger and backed off. Todd braced for the hit and was surprised when it didn’t come, but it didn’t matter. It would have been the last beating anyway.
“I’m going to visit your Uncle Walden,” said McDermott. “I don’t want you staying in my house while I’m gone, so I arranged for you to stay with this fellow named Barndale on Sheffield Drive. If you’re not interested, you need to find someplace else to sleep till I get back. What’s it going to be?”
Todd’s spirit lifted when he realized whose house it was. “I’ll stay with him.” 
His agreement to go willingly left his father speechless. He stood there a minute, then nodded and walked out. Todd waited until he was gone, then pulled a handgun from beneath his shirt and stuffed it under the mattress, greatly relieved.

At seven o’clock Monday morning, McDermott pulled the pickup across the end of the Barndale driveway. Like a surgeon with a scalpel anxious to remove a tumor, he was determined to keep their parting fast and clean. “I want this stinking Boot Camp they got going on here to fail,” he said. “When I get back, you make sure you don’t rock the boat. If you do, I guarantee you will pay.”
Todd didn’t know what he was talking about, but he understood the threat. It put fear in him, but he wasn’t going to sweat it now. He just wanted out. In one swift move, he grabbed his duffel bag and was out the door. McDermott put his foot on the gas and didn’t look back. As Todd walked to the house, Mr. Barndale spotted him from the office window and hurried outside to meet him.
“Welcome,” he said, “I’m Clarence Barndale.”
“I’m Todd.”
“Glad to have you.” He looked around for the truck. “Where’s your father?”
“Probably halfway to Rhode Island by now.”
“He’s really serious about that vacation.”
“Serious about getting away from me.”
Mr. Barndale laughed. “We met once before, didn’t we?” Todd nodded with a smile. “I thought so.”
They walked inside and crossed paths with his wife, who just stepped from the kitchen to pick up her briefcase. “You must be Todd,” she said. She kissed his cheek and brought back memories of his mother. “I have to run, but we’ll talk at dinner later this evening.” She and Mr. Barndale hugged and she left out.
“Let me show you where you’ll be bunking the next six days.” He led him down to the basement and opened the door to his room. It was a carpeted twelve by twelve foot space with clean white walls, a folding bed, dresser, a chair, and a clock. “Go ahead and get settled in. When you’re ready, come upstairs and I’ll introduce you to the rest of the family.”
Mr. Barndale left, and Todd put his duffel bag on the floor by the dresser. He then stretched across the bed and fell into a deep sleep.

When Todd opened his eyes, the room was dark. He looked at the clock and saw it was half past nine. He’d slept the whole day. Though he felt it was rude, he knew he needed it. It was the best sleep he had in months. Sitting up all night holding that gun to his head had worn him down more than he realized.
He went upstairs and stood in the doorway of the kitchen where he found the Barndales at the table talking. They looked up and smiled. “So you finally woke up,” said Mrs. Barndale. “Come sit down. We added a place for you.” He sat in a chair between Kalani and Mr. Barndale as she reached in the oven and set a plate of food in front of him.
“He can’t eat without something to drink,” said Karimba. “What would you like, lemonade, iced tea, apple juice, or water?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
“It does matter. If you were stranded on a desert island for a month with nothing to drink and four glasses suddenly appeared. One filled with lemonade, one with iced tea, one with apple juice, and one with water. Which would you drink first?”
“Neither one,” said Mrs. Barndale. “It’s probably a mirage.”
Karimba rolled her eyes. “Work with me, Mom. It’s just an illustration.”
“Well, actually, he would have died within three to five days,” said Malawi, “because humans can’t live without water.”
“Malawi, what did I just say?”
“Okay. But in a situation like that, he should choose water. It would be the best thing for him.”
“Yeah, but everybody’s not a health nut like you. It’s his body, his decision. What will it be, Todd?”
“Lemonade, I guess.”
“Then lemonade it is. And we guarantee it’s not spiked.”
Everyone laughed. Todd looked around trying to figure out why they thought it was so funny. “Inside joke,” said Malawi. “And don’t ask because you really don’t want to know.”
Karimba filled his glass, and he emptied it in five seconds. He then turned to his food and tried his best not to wolf it down, but he was starving. Down it went, without a moment to catch his breath. He felt embarrassed when he was done, but to them it was no big deal. They watched Kalani eat like that every day.
“Let me introduce everybody,” said Mr. Barndale. “You know me, and you met my wife, Lydia, this morning. To her right is Karimba, our oldest daughter. Next to her is Malawi, and this artistic young man beside you is Kalani.”
“Do your names mean anything?”
Mrs. Barndale giggled. “Karimba got her name due to an error by my husband. He was trying to name her after an African musical instrument called the Kalimba. He got confused with the spelling and she ended up with the name Karimba, instead.”
Karimba waved her finger in the air. “And that was an error I’m thankful for because I love my name!”
“Malawi,” Mrs. Barndale continued, “was named after the African country Malawi. And Kalani, which most people think is African, is really Hawaiian. It means heavenly. And that’s exactly what he is to this family.”
“Yeah, when he’s not stinking us out or driving us crazy by running off,” said Malawi.
Mr. Barndale gave Kalani a wink. “He’s our special child.”
“Like they thought I was going to be,” said Todd. “When my mother was carrying me, doctors said I would be born with special needs. They tried to get her not to have me, but she said it made no difference to her. She would have loved me no matter what.”
Mrs. Barndale’s eyes twinkled. “And look at you now! You’re a strong, healthy young man set to do some great things in this world.”
Todd looked shocked. “You can’t be talking about me. My life is a wreck.”
“Great things can come from wreckage,” said Mr. Barndale. “Like the new science building downtown. Almost fifty percent of its steel came from the hull of scrapped navy warships. Did you know that?”
“No, I didn’t.”
“Well, keep that in mind because over the next few days, we’re going to help you see that something great can come out of your life, too.”
He squeezed Todd’s shoulder and got into a conversation with his wife and children. Todd sat back and soaked in the positive energy flowing between them. Although he had no idea how his life could change, he sensed it could really happen. And for the first time in a very long time, he looked forward to being alive.

At three o’clock the next morning, Mrs. Barndale heard the chime on the front door. She jumped out of bed and ran down the hall to check on Kalani. He was sound asleep. She checked on the girls, and they were asleep, as well. She then returned to the bedroom and shook her husband.
“Clarence, wake up!”
“What’s wrong?”
“The motion alarm went off. I checked the kids, and they’re all in bed.”
“Maybe it was Todd going out for a run.”
“Can you check to make sure?”
He slowly stood to his feet and headed downstairs. When he reached the foot of the staircase he noticed the door was cracked. He crept to the window and looked out. What he saw warmed his heart.
“Do you see anything?” she whispered, walking up behind him. She took a look, and there was Todd in the garden weeding the flowers.
“So it was him all along,” said Mr. Barndale. “Here I was thinking it was a miracle.”
“Maybe it is,” she whispered. “Maybe it is.”
Chapter 11: Broken Trust
When morning came, Karimba, Malawi, and Kalani were at the table eating Spanish omelets and toast. Mr. Barndale was busy at the counter when their mother rushed in dressed for work. “I’m off,” she said. She sniffed the air and swooned. “Why are you doing this to me?! I smelled those potatoes all the way upstairs.”
“Take an omelet with you,” he said, reaching in the cabinet for a container.
She gave him a hug. “No, thanks. We’re having a brunch today and I don’t want to feel like a stuffed pig. But you can save me one for dinner.” She headed to the door. “Bye, girls.” 
“Bye, Mom.”
“See you later, Kalani. Don’t give your sisters a hard time today.”
“Okay.”
A minute later, Todd walked in. “Good morning.”
“Good morning,” said Mr. Barndale. “Grab some breakfast. When you’re done, I want you to ride with me to pick up a few things.”
“Sure.” He got a plate and sat down with the others.
A half hour later, they drove into the parking lot of the Punchville Home Center. They got a cart and proceeded to the outdoor garden area. Mr. Barndale looked over the perennials as a mist covered them like morning dew. When the mist died down, he moved closer and scratched his head. “I don’t know.”
“What’s wrong?” asked Todd.
“I want to add more flowers to the bed in front of the house, but I’m not sure which ones I should buy. Got any suggestions?”
Todd walked over to a group of gold wildflowers that had a daisy-like appearance. “How about these? They’re called Blanket Flowers. They’ll last through the fall.”
Mr. Barndale picked up a tray of eight plants and put it in the cart. “What else?”
Todd pointed to a blue-purple cone shape flower. “These are called Veronica. They’d look great at the front of the bed.”
“Let’s get it. Then we’ll need just one more.”
“How about Tall Garden Phlox?” Todd stepped over to a tall, deep-pink flower and gave it a whiff. Mr. Barndale did the same.
“Sweet like honey.”
“Yeah. These can go in the back. I think you’ll really like the effect.”
After picking up a bag of soil, fertilizer, and gardening tools, they went through checkout and left the store. They loaded the car, rolled down the windows to let out the heat and were off. During the ride back, Todd sat with his elbow over the edge of the door as the warm air blew across his face. He filled his lungs to the max, then closed his eyes and imagined he was in a boat, riding the waves without a care in the world. “Have you ever gone fishing?” he asked.
“Yeah, when I was a kid my father used to take me to the lake. We’d spend the whole day out there catching bass and rainbow trout.”
“What lake was this?”
“Lake Chanoga, but that was over forty years ago. The water was so clear you could look down twenty feet and see the bottom. It’s still nice up there, but not like it used to be.”
“Sounds like you and your father are close.”
“We were . . . back then. Not so much after he and my mother divorced. He tried to rekindle things a few years back, but I was always too busy. Last year he got sick and died.”
“Sorry. I shouldn’t have brought it up. I know how it feels to lose a parent.”
“I don’t mind. I have a lot of good memories of my father. I just regret being so hard on him when he was reaching out to me. One last trip to the lake would have done us both a lot of good.”
“At least he was in your life for a few years. I see my father every day, and he’s still not in mine. I wouldn’t even be living with him, if it wasn’t for the money.”
“What money is that?”
“The money my grandparents paid him to take me in. Neither of them wanted me. But you know how it is. Money talks.”  He looked over his shoulder at the flowers on the floor behind them. “So, you’re going to plant all those yourself?”
Mr. Barndale smiled because he knew where the conversation was headed. “No, I’ll probably hire somebody to take care of it for me.”
“Save your money. I’ll do it.”
“You have any experience with gardening?”
“Some. I even made a few buck working on this one project. But there’s another one that I’m especially proud of.”
“Where? I’d like to drive over and take a look.” Todd was stumped. “Don’t worry,” said Barndale, laughing. “I’ve already seen it.”
“You have?”
“Yeah. I watched you through the window this morning. My wife and I are very impressed with your work.”
“Thank you.”
“I only have one request. No more gardening at night. After sneaking over here the past few months, it’s no wonder you slept all day yesterday. You’re part of this family now, and around here we go to bed early and get up early. That’s just the way we do things. Alright?”
“Yes, sir.”

When they got to the house, Mr. Barndale helped Todd get started, then went in the yard to check on the girls. He found them working on a hallway drill called Backing Up The Bad Guy. Karimba was the bad guy and Ariana was next in line.
“Go!” said Malawi.
Ariana took off walking in Karimba’s direction. Karimba gave her a tough look and stepped in front of her.
“Excuse me,” said Ariana, smiling, “but you’re blocking my way.”
“Wanna make something of it?”
Ariana tried to go around, but Karimba stopped her again. “I’m going to be late for class.”
“You’re gonna be late alright,” said Karimba, holding up her fist, “because I’m about to turn you into dog meat.”
“If you lay a hand on me, I will call the police and have you prosecuted to the full extent of the law.” Ariana then walked around her and looped back to join the others.
“Very good!” said Karimba, clapping. Her father joined in the applause and walked over. “There you are,” she said. “Feel like playing the bad guy?”
“Sure, I’ll give it a shot.” He crunched his eyebrows and balled up his mouth, trying to give his best McDermott impersonation.
“Go, Reggie!” shouted Malawi.
Reggie started walking, attempting to ignore his scathing gaze. “Hey, pipsqueak, shouldn’t you be in the nursery getting your diaper changed?” Reggie trembled, but kept moving forward. Mr. Barndale jumped in front of him and flared his nostrils. “Aren’t you the kid with the goofy name? It’s Wedgie, right?”
Everyone froze and waited to see how Reggie would react. His face swelled with anger, and his gaze turned cold as steel. He then put his hand in his pocket and wrapped it around a water pistol filled with Tasmanian hot sauce. “Don’t stop till you see the red of the eyes,” he whispered.
“You hard of hearing, pipsqueak?”
Reggie started withdrawing the pistol, then checked himself and let it go. He looked up at Mr. Barndale and cracked a smile. “Excuse me, kind student, but I need to get to class.”
“You’ll get to class when I say so! And if I ever run into you again, I’m gonna pulverize you, kid.”
“I don’t appreciate your threat,” said Reggie. “And if you do ever lay a hand on me, I will call the police and prosecute you to the full extent of the law.” He then stepped around him and walked off with confidence.”
“You’re the man!” shouted Mr. Barndale.
“Way to go, Reggie!” cheered the others.
Willard was next. “Go, Willard!” shouted Malawi. “You can do this.”
Mr. Barndale scowled and Willard inched toward him with his head tucked in to protect himself from the abuse that was coming.
“Hey, kid, don’t you know how to comb your hair?”
“Yes, sir. This is how I like to wear it.”
“Don’t hold a conversation,” said Karimba. “Ignore him.”
“I don’t like you,” said Mr. Barndale, swaggering toward him. “And I especially don’t like your T-shirt.”
“Sorry. I won’t wear it to school again. Now, excuse me. I need to get to class.”
“No, what you need to do is shut your mouth. Say another word and I’m gonna shut it for you.” Willard looked at him, afraid to utter a word. “You have something to say to me?”
“Say it, Willard!” shouted Malawi. “Put that bad guy in his place!”
“I can’t. I wouldn’t want to be the cause of him going to jail.”
Karimba put her hand on her hip. “It’s just a threat! Chances are you won’t have to take it that far.”
“I can’t threaten anyone. It’s wrong.”
“Then blow the whistle!”
He pulled a whistle from his pocket and blew it as loud as he could. All the students rushed to his side and stared Mr. Barndale down. “This is our friend! Lay a hand on him and we will call the police and see that you are prosecuted to the full extent of the law!”
“That’s it,” said Karimba. “When you get up to the high school, you have to look out for each other.” 
Mr. Barndale nodded. “I’m impressed.”
“So are we,” said Willard’s mother, speaking over the gate. The other parents applauded.
“On that note,” said Karimba, “Boot Camp is officially over for the day. We’ll see you back here tomorrow.”
Karimba let them out and Mrs. Hoffman scooted in to have a quick conversation with Mr. Barndale. “I see Todd out front doing some gardening. He doesn’t look like the monster everyone thought he was, does he?”
“He’s actually a very nice young man. I’m glad he’s here.”
“So am I. It’s just nice to know that some of us were willing to give him the benefit of the doubt. Have a good day, Clarence.”
“You, too, Gracie.”
After she turned away, he covered his mouth to keep from laughing out loud, then shook his head and went inside the house. While he was in the kitchen, Malawi walked in and grabbed a water bottle. “Dad, I’m about to go up to the track and get my work out in. Karimba’s coming with me.”
“Todd likes to run. Why don’t you see if he wants to join you?”
“Okay.”
She went out front and found Todd lost in his work. “Todd.” Her voice startled him.
“Oh, hi, Malawi. What’s up?”
“We’re going running. Want to come?”
“I’d like to, but I promised your father I’d have these flowers in the ground before dark.”
“Don’t sweat it,” said Mr. Barndale, standing in the doorway. “Just do what you can today and save the rest for tomorrow. It’s not like they’re going anywhere.”
“Alright, I’ll get changed.” He followed them inside. Twenty minutes later, the three met on the sidewalk and took off running down the street. In ten minutes they were at the track. They stretched and ran some easy sprints before tackling eight two hundred meter runs. Afterwards, they jogged a half-mile, and then relaxed on the grass with a view of the high school down the road.
Todd looked at Malawi with a lot of respect. “That was a pretty good workout. How often do you do that?”
“I run five days a week, but I only do this particular workout on Tuesdays. You did a good job keeping up.”
“Yeah, I try to stay in shape. I thought about running cross country, but I wasn’t up here long enough to go out for the team.”
“Would you consider coming back?” asked Karimba.
“I’m thinking about it, although there are too many roughnecks up here for my taste.”
“Too many for a lot of people. That’s why we started the Boot Camp. Since you’re going to be around, maybe you can help out sometime.”
“We’ll see.” He pulled up his T-shirt and wiped the sweat off his face. “I have a question.”
“What?”
“When my father dropped me off, he made it sound like I was here for a special reason. I know I’m not part of the Boot Camp, but at times it feels like I am. So, I guess my question is . . . why am I here?” The girls looked at each other, but didn’t say anything. He shrugged his shoulders. “What? Was that a bad question?”
“No,” said Karimba. “I’m just wondering why you’re asking us.”
“Because I know you’ll be honest.”
“Didn’t your father say anything?”
“We barely talk. And at the time I was so glad to get away from home it didn’t matter. Now it does. Give it to me straight. I can handle it.”
Although he claimed he could handle the truth, they knew the wrong answer could destroy him. He’d seen a lot of rejection and they didn’t want to hurt him again. But the fact that he trusted them to be honest stirred Karimba’s heart, and she felt obligated to tell him what she knew. “Todd,” she said, “I’m going to answer your question, but I need you to look at the whole picture before you respond.”
“Okay.”
Malawi shook her head, urging her not to, but Karimba was determined to tell him anyway. “Your father was going to shut down the boot camp. When our dad heard about you and why you dropped out, the two of them made a deal. If he could inspire you to go back to school, the Boot Camp would stay open. If he failed, we would have to close.” She saw his chest sink as if the life was sucked out of him. “Now, I know what you’re thinking. Yes, he had something to gain from this, but the main reason he did it was to help you.”    
“No, the only reason he did it was to help himself.” He stood to his feet. “I thought he really cared about me, but he’s just using me. It’s always about the money.”
“Where are you going?”
“Away.” He turned and started running back to the house. Malawi angrily hit Karimba on the leg, and they took off behind him.
When Todd got back, he went through the front and ran to the basement. The girls ran in and followed a buzzing sound to the deck. There they found their father cutting Kalani’s hair. He saw they were in distress and turned off the clippers.
“Mouth almighty did it again!” said Malawi.
“Did what?”
“She told Todd about the deal you made with his father, and he flipped out.”
“For crying out loud!” He set the clippers on the table and rushed inside. When he reached the basement, he found Todd throwing his things in his duffel bag. “Going someplace?”
“That’s what it looks like.”
“So, you’re just going to pack up and go home without even talking about it?”
“I’m not going home. I’m leaving this town.” He walked upstairs with Mr. Barndale hot on his tail. As he approached the door, Barndale blocked his path. “I’d really appreciate it if you moved!” he said.
Mr. Barndale reluctantly stepped aside and watched him head down the walk. He then ran back to the girls. “Todd left. I’m going after him. Keep an eye on your brother till I get back.” He ran in the office, got his keys and took off in the car, but Todd was nowhere in sight. He circled the neighborhood and still didn’t find him. He then drove to his house, hoping he would make a pit stop. Sure enough, after a ten-minute wait, he spotted him in the mirror. He jumped out the car and met him on the sidewalk.
“I thought you said you weren’t coming back here.”
“What business is it of yours?”
“You changed your mind about leaving?”
“Not hardly. I’m going to get some money and I’m out.” He went inside and ran up to his room, then reached beneath the mattress. His hand landed on the gun, and for a moment he couldn’t move. He then grabbed a letter and two hundred dollars and left. When he got to the sidewalk, he ignored Mr. Barndale and kept walking.
 “Where are you headed?”
He didn’t respond. Barndale hopped in the car and tailed him to the train station. He parked and found him at the ticket window.
“Can I help you?” said the attendant.
“I need to get to Fordes, Connecticut.”
“You won’t get there by train. This entire line is down due to switching problems. It should be back in service by tomorrow morning.”
“Is there a bus?”
“Sure, it’s a nine hour ride, though. You can catch it at the depot over on Independance Avenue.”
Todd frowned. “I can’t do nine hours.” He walked away and sat on a bench. Mr. Barndale sat beside him.
“What’s in Connecticut?”
“Why are you harassing me?”
“I’m just asking you a question.”
“If you must know, it’s where my grandparents live.”
“Are they expecting you?”
“No.”
“So what’s your plan? You’re just going to show up on their doorstep after all these years?”
“They’re my grandparents. They won’t turn me away.”
Mr. Barndale got frustrated and rubbed his forehead. “Todd, these are the people who couldn’t wait to get rid of you. What makes you think they’ve changed?” Todd angrily jumped up and started toward the exit. “Where are you headed now?”
“I have a bus to catch!”
He ran and cut him off. “I thought you didn’t want to take the bus.”
“I don’t, but I’ll survive.”
Todd stepped around him, and then felt a hand on his shoulder. “Hold up . . . I’ll take you.”
“Why would you do that? It won’t help you save your Boot Camp.”
“No, but it will allow me to be there for you if things don’t work out.”
Todd refused to look him. He couldn’t. The trust was gone. He really wanted nothing more to do with him, but he could use the ride. “No strings attached?”
“No strings attached. When we get there, if they say you can stay, I’m out. If they say you can’t, I’ll take you wherever you want to go. You can get out the car and I’ll never bother you again.”
Todd mulled it over, and then nodded. “Okay.”
He got in the car and threw his bag in the back seat, while Mr. Barndale stood outside talking on the phone with his wife.
“And why are you going to Connecticut?” she asked.
“To keep an eye on Todd. We ran into a problem at the house, and he’s dead set on getting there.” 
“What happened?”
“I’ll fill you in later. Anyway, if all goes well, I should be back sometime tonight.”
“Okay, do what you need to do. Just be careful. And call me when you get there.”
“I will. Bye.”
He got in the car and plugged in the GPS. “So what’s the address?” Todd gave him the letter and he saw it was addressed to his father. “Stealing mail?”
“I call it freedom of information.”
Mr. Barndale shook his head and typed in 138 West Maple Road, Fordes, Connecticut. “It’s one hundred and sixty-seven miles. Sit back. We have a three-hour ride ahead of us.” He looked at the time on the dashboard. It was three o’clock. Barring no heavy traffic, that would put them in Connecticut around six. He put the car in gear and traveled about a mile, then merged onto Route 22. There he picked up 78 and jumped on I-95 North which would take them through New York up to the Constitution State.
Chapter 12: Digging Up The Past
As expected, Todd barely spoke during the drive to his grandparents. He sat low in the seat, head back, and eyes on the road. He just wanted to get there, and though he knew what Mr. Barndale said was true, he prayed they had changed and would welcome him with open arms. 
An hour and a half into the trip, Todd’s stomach started to growl. “When did you last eat?” Mr. Barndale asked.
“Breakfast.”
“You missed lunch? Why didn’t you grab a sandwich?”
“I’ll be alright.”
“There should be a restaurant up ahead. I’ll pull over and we can grab a bite.”
“I’m not hungry!”
“Well, I am and I’m pulling over. You can either come in or wait in the car. It’s up to you.”
A half mile down the road, he spotted a white sign that said EAT HERE. He pulled in the lot and gave Todd time to make up his mind. He didn’t budge, so he went on in. Todd was determined to stay put, but he couldn’t resist the smell of the fried food. He grudgingly went inside and saw Mr. Barndale at a table placing his order. He found his own table, and moments later a waitress stood in front of him.
“Sir, the gentleman over there says he’ll be paying for your meal. What would you like?”
“I’ll have a burger special with a large strawberry shake and a double order of fries. And you can tell that guy I’ll buy my own food.”
After hearing Todd’s response, Mr. Barndale nodded, then pulled out his phone to touch base with his wife. “Hey, it’s me.”
“Hi, honey! Where are you?”
“New York State. Just pulled over to get a bite to eat.” He heard a beep in the background. “Where are you?”
“At the market. I took off early to pick up a few things for dinner. The girls filled me in on what happened.”
“Never a dull moment.”
“How are things with you and Todd?”
“Well, I’m at one table. He’s at another.”
“That bad, huh?”
“Yeah.”
“You know, Karimba feels terrible about this.”
“She shouldn’t. It’s really my fault. I should never have brought him into the equation.”
“So you think he would be better off at home shut up in that room?”
“It would be better than this. The kid’s headed for a major heartbreak.”
“You don’t know that. And besides, we have no idea how horrible his situation was. The way he’s acting, I suspect it was pretty bad.”
“Well, maybe I should have handled things differently.”
“Probably. But you can’t go worrying about the past. You need to keep your mind on the present.”
He closed his eyes and rubbed his head. “I feel totally unprepared for this. I don’t even know what to say to him at this point. And what am I supposed to do when we get there?”
“Just be available. Your instincts will kick in, and you’ll be fine.”
“But will he? This is going to be a disaster.”
“Maybe. Maybe not. His family might surprise you.”
“That would be nice, but I doubt it.”
“Okay, Clarence Barndale. You’re always telling the girls to stay positive. You need to practice what you preach.”
“Yes, mother.”
“Good. Well, I’m at the register now. Call me later. And drive safely!”
“Will do.” He put his phone in his pocket as the waitress placed his food on the table. “Here you are, sir.” He gave her a polite smile and began eating.
 
Forty minutes later, they were on their way with eighty-five miles to go. Todd found the white lines in the road hypnotic and fell asleep. When he woke up, they were in Fordes, turning on to West Maple Road. He got a chill as they pulled up to the house. It was nothing like he remembered. A green Victorian with burgundy and white trim, it was once the most attractive residence on the street. Now the paint was faded, gutters were sagging, and a blue tarp covered half the roof. The only thing that hadn’t changed was his grandfather’s brown 1979 Fleetwood. It was old, but still spotless as ever.
Todd got his bag and stepped out. He tried to hide his nervousness, but the uncertainty in his movement gave him away. Halfway up the walk, he turned around. “You coming or what?”
Mr. Barndale took a deep breath and followed him up the steps, fanning away flies swarming around a bin of empty cat food cans. Todd rang the bell and a small dog barked inside. Seconds later, they heard slow-moving footsteps, then a hand pressing against the door, turning the lock. “Get over there and sit down!” came a male voice. The barking turned to a growl. The door opened and Todd looked in the face of his grandfather, Nelson Meyers. He was eighty-four years old, thin as a rail, clean-shaven and about five-ten. Maybe six feet if you counted the slight curve in his spine. He adjusted his glasses to make sure his eyes were not deceiving him. “Todd?”
“Hi, Grandpa. How have you been?”
“What are you doing here?”
“I just came up for a visit.”
He looked at Todd’s duffel bag and wrinkled his brow. “Who is it, Nelson?” came a female voice from the back. He opened the door wide so the gray-haired woman could see for herself. “Good Lord. Look what the wind blew in,” said his grandmother, Luanne.
Todd shuddered. It was the same reception she gave his mother when she ran away from his father. He remembered it so well because it was the first time he saw his mother cry. He didn’t understand why it drove her to tears, until he learned it’s how she greets unwelcome visitors. Hearing it bothered him, but he didn’t come that far to be turned away so easily. “Hi, Grandma.”
“Hello, Todd. Well, don’t stand there letting in the flies. You and your friend come in for a minute.”
They walked into the parlor. It was a large area off the dining room that smelled damp and dusty. The large oval rug had pet stains and the velvet chairs sunk inward from decades of use. Once seated, Todd made the introductions. “This is my friend, Mr. Barndale. He gave me a ride. And these are my grandparents, the Meyers.” They all nodded politely.
Luanne looked at his bag. “What’s in there?”
“A few clothes.”
“You weren’t planning on staying, were you?”
“I did want to talk to you about it. I figured I could help you out in the greenhouses like I used to.”
“The greenhouses are gone,” his grandfather barked. “Had to sell off all the land to pay medical bills. There’s nothing here for you now.” Todd fought back tears and looked away.
His grandmother stared at him hard. “Why do you need a place to stay? Your father threw you out?”
“Of course he threw him out,” said Nelson. “Why else would he be trying to wiggle his way in here? Unless you’re in trouble with the law. Are you?”
Todd grinned, wondering how he could ask such a thing. “No, I’m not in any kind of trouble. I just wanted to get away from home for a while. Looks like coming here was a waste of time.”
“You should have called first,” said his grandmother. “Why didn’t you call?”
“Because I didn’t. Who needs to call their grandparents to get permission to visit? I thought you’d enjoy seeing me.”
“Todd, you don’t understand. It’s just . . .”
“Just what?”
“What she’s trying to say is that seeing you brings back things we’d rather forget. Things that had to do with your mother.” 
“Was she that horrible?”
“Everything was horrible,” she said. “Her. Us. It was just a terrible situation.” She pulled a white lace handkerchief from her pocket and softly blew her nose.
Nelson walked to the window and casually wiped his eyes. “We made a lot of mistakes with your mother,” he said. “And we have our regrets. But what’s past is past. It needs to stay buried.” He turned to face them. “I’m sorry you came all this way for nothing.”
“Grandma, please.”
She looked at him sadly. “Go back to your father. That’s where you belong.” Todd and Mr. Barndale got up and started toward the door. “Wait, Todd,” she said, fumbling with her fingers. “Since you’re here, I don’t see much harm in you staying the night. Nelson, are you okay with that?”
He shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“He’s fine with it. You all come on. I’ll take you up and show you your rooms.” She led them to the stairs and started her slow ascent. Each footstep was solidly placed on the worn oriental runner, while she gripped the oak rail with her hand. Halfway up, she paused and looked back. “This house is too big for us, but it’s ours. You can go on around me if you want.”
“No, take your time,” said Mr. Barndale.
She reached the top landing and stopped to catch her breath. She then walked down the hall in a rainbow of light pouring through a stained glass window. “You can sleep in your old room, Todd.” She opened a door to reveal neat, but dusty quarters. He walked in and smiled as fond memories came rushing back. “It’s stuffy in here,” she added. “You can turn on the ceiling fan and open the window when you get a chance.” She proceeded to the room directly across the hall. “This is where you’ll sleep, Mr. Barndale. We used to have a woman come in and clean once a week, but we can’t afford that now. The bathroom is down the hall, and there are plenty of towels and washcloths in the closet. We don’t do much cooking, so if you’re hungry, you’ll need to go out.” She turned and started back down the stairs.
When he got inside the room, Mr. Barndale called home. Karimba answered. “Hello.”
“Karimba, it’s me.”
“Hi, Daddy! Are you on your way back?”
“I wish. Unfortunately, I have to stay the night. If we leave here early enough, we should be back by noon tomorrow.”
“You said we. Does that mean Todd’s not staying there?”
“Yeah, they want him gone.”
“How’s he taking it?”
“Hard to tell. Hopefully, we’ll get to talk later. He seems to be opening up some.”
“I feel so bad about all this.”
“Well, don’t. If it’s anybody’s fault, it’s mine. I should have been up front with him from the beginning.”
“Daddy, what makes it so bad is that he was really starting to feel good about himself. Do you know he told us he was thinking about going back to school? I hope I didn’t ruin that for him . . . or our chances of saving the Boot Camp.”
“The camp is not what’s important right now. My concern is his life. I need to know he’s going to be alright. Where’s Malawi and Kalani?”
“Upstairs with Mom. We were getting ready to watch a movie. Do you want to talk to them?”
“No, that’s alright. Just let your mother know I’m still here. And can you put a little water on those flowers we picked up today?”
“Sure, I’ll take care of it.”
“Great. Tell your mother I called, and I’ll see you all tomorrow.”
“Okay, Daddy. Bye.”
“Bye.” He put his phone his away and sat on the bed worrying about Todd. He gazed at the wall, wishing he knew what was running through his mind.
Todd stood at the back window of his room, looking beyond the maple trees bordering the property. The fields where he grew pumpkins and the greenhouses were nowhere to be found. They were replaced by new homes and paved driveways as far as he could see. So much had changed. He really missed the way it was. He then stared at the barn, his old place of refuge, and longed for the peace that used to meet him there. The peace that eased the confusion and brought comfort when he felt alone. He needed it now more than he ever needed it before. His soul ached, and there was no way around it. He had to go out there.
He raised the window and climbed onto the balcony. After descending the steps, he made his way across the yard to the barn door and pulled it open. The smell of gasoline rushed to his nose. The culprit was the tractor. Covered with soot, the old green workhorse had seen better days. Then he spotted the ladder. He gave it a shake and started his climb to the top. When he reached the loft, it was like looking through a cobweb back in time. Everything was still there. Mattress. Blanket. Lamp. Books. Everything . . . except his mother.
He didn’t know what he expected to find. Maybe to discover it was all a dream. That he’d climb the ladder and find her waiting for him as always. But there were no arms waiting to hold him. No hands to guide him through his fears. No loving voice to tell him it will be alright. Just a dusty loft that made him realize how alone he really was.
He sadly climbed down and made it back to the room. As he lowered the window, he heard a knock at the door. 
“Yes?”
“Todd, it’s me,” said Mr. Barndale. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah . . . I was just taking a nap.”
“I was about to run out and get something to eat. Are you hungry?”
“Yeah.” He looked at his hands and clothes. He was filthy. “But I need to take a shower first.”
“Go ahead. Just knock on the door when you’re ready.”
Minutes later, they went down. Todd wanted to tell his grandparents they were leaving out. “Hello, where are you?”
“We’re in the kitchen.”
They walked in and passed the dog. It was in a corner eating from a bowl. The Meyers were at the table eating what looked like corned beef hash. After closer inspection, they weren’t sure what it was.
“We’re going into town to eat,” said Todd. “We shouldn’t be long.”
His grandfather nodded. “We’ll be in the parlor when you get back. Just ring the bell.”
As they left the kitchen, Mr. Barndale spotted three empty cans of cat food on the counter. He waited until they were in the car to bring it to Todd’s attention. “Did you see those empty cans in the kitchen?”
“Yeah, what about it?”
“Let me put it like this. They weren’t eating corned beef.”
“You trying to say it was cat food?”
“That’s exactly what I’m saying.”
Todd looked out the window, and then turned back. “So, what?”
“That’s all you have to say? Your grandparents don’t have any food.”
“Like I said, so what?”
“How can you be like that?”
“They don’t care about me. Why should I care about them?”
“Because they’re your family.”
Todd shook his head. “That’s a change. Earlier today, you thought they were the worst people in the world. Why should their food problem matter to you?”
“Because they’re human beings and they shouldn’t have to eat food made for animals. Besides, what if something happens to them? You don’t want to live with that guilt.”
“I don’t care.”
“Right now you don’t, but years from now, you will. Take it from somebody who knows. I spend every night wishing I’d helped my father when I had a chance.” 
Todd groaned and sat back. Mr. Barndale started the car and drove off. After about a mile, they pulled up in front of a supermarket. “What are we doing here?” Todd asked.
“I can’t see myself sitting in restaurant pigging out, while they’re home eating that stuff. I’m going to pick up some groceries. You can wait here if you want.” He got out and headed inside.
“Wait up!” said Todd, running to catch up with him.

Around nine o’clock, they were at the house, carrying the last of six shopping bags to the porch. Mr. Barndale went back to the car for a rotisserie chicken and joined Todd at the door. Todd rang the bell. The dog barked and his grandfather unlocked the door to let them in. “What is this?” he asked, observing the food.
“It’s our way of thanking you for letting us stay the night,” said Mr. Barndale.
“Take it back!”
“Take what back?” Luanne walked over. She looked on the porch and shook her head. “No. We don’t need your charity.”
“Stop being stubborn,” said Todd. “Accept the food. It will be healthier for you than that cat junk you’ve been eating.”
“We can take care of ourselves,” said his grandfather. “Now, take it and go.”
“We’ll take it, alright. Right in the kitchen.” Todd picked up two bags and barged through the door as they watched helplessly. He returned for two more and looked at Mr. Barndale still standing there. “I thought you were hungry.”
“I am.”
“Then let’s get a move on.”
Mr. Barndale gave the chicken to the Meyers, then got the last two bags and went in. They stocked the cabinets and the fridge with enough food to last a couple of months. When they were done, Luanne sliced the chicken. She then put out some rolls, and they were ready to eat. But Nelson wasn’t going for it. He stood in the doorway, proud and disinterested, until his stomach drove him crazy. He then joined them at the table, and they feasted like it was Thanksgiving. “How much did all this set you back?” he asked.
“That’s not important,” said Mr. Barndale.
“It is to me. Now, how much?”
“About five hundred dollars.”
Nelson laid his fork down and stared at him. “Why did you spend all that money? Don’t you have your own family to feed?”
“My family has plenty to eat. Besides, I only paid for part of it. Todd chipped in, too.”
Their eyes widened. “How much, Todd?” asked his grandmother.
“I don’t remember.”
“Don’t lie to me.”
“Can we please just change the subject?”
“When you’ve answered my question. Now how much money did you contribute to this?”
“One hundred and eighty dollars.”
She removed her glasses and pinched the corners of her eyes. “I don’t understand. Six years ago, we shipped you out of here the first chance we got. Now, here you are like nothing ever happened. Don’t you hate us?”
“I don’t know. I hate what you did. And I hate the way you treated me today.”
“So, why did you do it, then?” his grandfather asked.
“Because underneath all this anger, I guess I still love you!” Overcome with emotion, he left the table and went upstairs.
 
Around eleven, Todd was lying across the bed thinking, when he heard a soft knock at the door. “Todd, can I come in?”
“Sure.”
His grandmother entered and slowly walked around the room, trying to think of something to say. She stopped at the window and noticed soot on the frame. “I see you were in the barn.”
“Yeah. I guess I should have told you, instead of sneaking out the window like a little kid.”
“Some things don’t change.”
“You knew I used to sneak out?”
“I certainly did. Your grandfather considered nailing the window shut, but I figured if you wanted to get out there, you’d just find another way.” She walked away from the window and put her hand on the wallpaper, admiring the design. “You know, her presence is still in this room. I never would have had the courage to come in here, if it wasn’t for you.”
“What did I do?”
“You were brave enough to look beyond the past and do what you knew was right. I figure if you could do it, I could at least give it a try.” She walked over and sat next to him. “Now, I guess you have a few questions you’d like to ask about your mother. That’s why I’m here.”
He calmed his nerves, and then looked in her blue eyes. “Why wasn’t she allowed to sleep in the house? Was it because she liked to party so much?”
“That’s some of it. But I can admit now that doing that was our way of punishing her for breaking our hearts.”
“By marrying my father?”
“No. We were against their marriage because he was so much older, but the rift between us started way before that. You see, your mother was born to dance. We put her in ballet school when she was two years old because we wanted her to be classy, but she didn’t want that. She was drawn to whatever was the shake of the day. She tolerated the ballet until she was fifteen. That’s when she told us she wanted to study modern dance.” She chuckled. “Your grandfather went through the roof, and it turned into a battlefield around here. The tougher we got, the more she rebelled. When she turned nineteen, she met your father and married him to get as far away from us as possible. But he turned out to be more of a tyrant than we were. When she came back, we should have just buried the hatchet and loved her. She’d still be alive if we’d only done that. But we were so stubborn. Just downright stubborn.”
They sat a while in silence as she dabbed at her eyes, blotting the tears that were starting to form. She then walked to the door. “Want this light out?”
“Yeah.”
She flicked the switch, and the room went dark. “Good night, Todd.”
“Good night.”
She left out and Todd lay there listening to the crickets making music as a gentle breeze passed through the open window. His head was full. His heart was at peace. His body was ready for sleep. He closed his eyes and slept like a baby.
Chapter 13: The Visit
Todd awoke the next morning to a rumbling stomach and the smell of his grandmother’s cooking in the air. He hurried downstairs and found his grandparents busy at the stove, while chatting with Mr. Barndale, who was at the table sipping on a cup of tea.
“Morning,” said Nelson, as he walked in and took a seat. “Food’s almost ready. After breakfast, we have a surprise for you.”
“What kind of surprise?”
“You’ll find out soon enough.”
When breakfast was done, they got in the Fleetwood, and Nelson took it out on the road. The large vehicle engulfed his wiry frame. At first, Mr. Barndale was concerned about their safety, but the old girl drove like a charm in his steady hands.
The Meyers were silent the entire ride and the longer they drove, the more somber they became. Finally, they passed through a tall black gate bearing a sign that read HOLY REST. At that moment, Todd knew exactly where they were going.
His heart fluttered. He always wondered what his mother’s grave looked like. She never had a funeral, and he never knew where she was laid to rest. He had asked many times. The only answer he got was she was resting in heaven. No more was said. No explanation given. Until now. Everything was coming at him like a freight train, and it was a lot to handle. But he was determined to face it like a man.
The car cruised through the lush green setting with its winding gravel roads and stone monuments that seemed to extend forever. “The man said Lot twenty-seven, Plot seventeen,” said his grandfather. “I have no idea where that is.” They continued riding until the numbers started making sense. Finally, they found the lot, parked and got out. Mr. Barndale helped Luanne across the grass as everyone scanned the ground, looking for her name.
“Do you see it?” asked Nelson.
“No,” she replied. “It should be one of those temporary metal markers.”
Todd’s eyes were drawn to a sculpted white dove on top of a tall black granite headstone. He looked closer and etched into the stone was his mother’s picture. “This is it!”
“Where?” asked his grandfather.
“Right here.”
“No, that’s not it. We didn’t buy a headstone. Couldn’t afford it.”
Luanne took a look. “Nelson, he’s right!”
They gathered in front of it, and Todd read the inscription. “Catherine McDermott, 1964-2006, Devoted Mother, Daughter, Wife, and Friend.” At the base were a dozen red roses.
Mr. Barndale spotted a worker driving a truck up the road and flagged him down. “Excuse me. Do you know how long that granite headstone has been on plot seventeen?”
“Let me take a look.” He climbed from the vehicle and followed him over. “Oh, yeah. This beauty. We just set it up yesterday.”
“Do you know who paid for it?” asked Nelson.
“I’m not sure. But there was a tall guy hanging around making sure it was just right. His name was Mack something. Hold on. I’ll tell you in a minute,” he said, thinking hard.
“McDermott?!” asked Todd, elated by the possibility that it was his father.
The worker shook his head. “No, it was Mack . . . Stevenson. That’s it. He said he was a secret admirer from way back when they were kids.”
Todd lowered his eyes and hardened his face. He felt foolish for thinking his father could perform such an act of love.  
“Thanks a lot,” said Mr. Barndale.
“No problem.” The worker returned to his truck and drove off.
The Meyers were deeply moved by this show of generosity. They rubbed their hands over the wings of the dove and along the beveled stone, admiring the craftsmanship. They then knelt to pay their respects. Todd joined them. But as they shared a sacred moment, he burned with anger that cut deep into old wounds.
They stayed at the grave about twenty-five minutes. When the sun started bearing down, his grandmother gripped his arm, signaling she was ready to leave. They returned to the Fleetwood. His grandfather started the engine and cruised down the road to the exit.
“Todd, when we get back,” said his grandmother, “go through that dresser up in the room. I left some things in there when your father came to get you. The plan was to box it up and send it in the mail, but I just couldn’t seem to get around to it.”
“Was it anything important?”
“Not from what I recall, but it’s your stuff. You decide what you want to do with it.”
“Then just trash it!”
“No, those are your personal things. I’d rather you handle it yourself.”

When they reached the house, the Meyers invited them to sit in the parlor. Nelson turned on the ceiling fan to get the air circulating. “Looks like it’s going to be another hot day,” he said, easing into a chair and crossing his legs. “Any rain in the forecast, Luanne?”
“They didn’t say anything about rain, but we could use it.”
The old man shifted his body and gazed at Todd. “July was always tough on us. You remember the trouble we had keeping that pumpkin crop irrigated?”
Todd forced a grin. “Yeah, I remember.”
“It kept us busy, but I sure loved it. You were a big help in the greenhouse, too. You have a real gift with the plants. Are you still using it?”
“I was. I have a project waiting for me back home, but I’m not interested in finishing it now.”
Mr. Barndale looked at him surprised. So did his grandmother. “You’ve been acting quite moody since we got back,” she said. “Are you okay?”
“Yeah, everything is fine and dandy.” He saw Mr. Barndale glance at his watch, and it rubbed him the wrong way. “Let me go look at that stuff, so we can get on the road. I’m tired of people throwing me all these hints.”
He went up to the room and threw his duffel bag over his shoulder, then looked through the dresser just for the heck of it. In the first three drawers were a few comic books, old report cards and some other junk. The bottom drawer was locked. He found the key taped to the back of the dresser where he left it. He opened it and stared down at a white music box. He turned the silver winding key and lifted the top. A ballerina popped up and danced to Waltz of the Flowers, a song from Tchaikovsky’s Nutcracker Ballet. He carried it downstairs to show his grandparents.
“Where did you find that?” his grandmother asked as he entered the room.
“In one of the drawers,” he said, handing it to her. “Was it my mother’s?”
“It sure was, but I thought she threw that thing out when it stopped working.”
“What do you mean? It works.”
“How in the world is it working? Nelson, did you fix this?”
“No, it couldn’t be fixed. The mechanism was all bent up.”
“Todd, maybe you were imagining things,” she said. She opened the box. Music played for ten seconds and stopped. She stared at the ballerina in awe. “What in the world?”
“I guess Mom figured out a way to make it work. She loved that song. Can I keep it?”
“Sure, you can. We chose that melody because she was our little flower. She just turned out to be a wild one. But even wildflowers need love . . . Especially the wild ones . . . Take care of it,” she said, handing it to him.
“I will.”
Tears filled her eyes as he put the box in his bag. “Don’t be a stranger,” said the old man. “If you ever find yourself up this way and need a place to lay your head for a while, just come on over.”
“I’ll be sure to call first.”
“No need for that,” said his grandmother. “Consider this your home. You’re always welcome here.” She embraced him with all the strength she could muster, then stepped back to let Nelson shake his hand. “Take care of yourself, son.” They walked them to the door. “Mr. Barndale, thank you for your generosity. It will not be forgotten.”
“And thanks for bringing our grandson back,” said Luanne.” 
“I was glad to be of help.”
He shook their hands, and he and Todd walked out to the car. The Meyers waved as they got in and closed the door. They pulled off, and Todd caught one last glimpse of the loft that would be a part of him always.

Thirty minutes into the ride, Mr. Barndale decided to see where Todd’s head was. He glanced at him a few times to make sure he was awake. “How long have your grandparents been living in Connecticut?”
“A long time, I guess.”
“Was that their first house?”
“What do you think?”
“I don’t know. That’s why I’m asking.”
“Well, don’t ask.”
Mr. Barndale almost flew off the handle. He wasn’t used to being spoken to that way, but he stayed calm. “Are you still mad at me?”
“Why wouldn’t I be mad? You thought bringing me up here would change that?”
“I didn’t expect anything, but I did think we were doing alright.”
“We were . . . until my father reminded me how self-centered some people are.”
“I’m self-centered?”
“Judging by your actions, yes.”
“How could you say that? The only reason I made this trip was for you.”
“Yeah, to make sure you got me back, so you wouldn’t lose your precious Boot Camp. I know your game, and I’m not going to help you. You can forget about me going back to school.”
“You would throw your future away over this?”
“What future? I’m a loser. Don’t you know that?”
“No, I don’t.”
“Well, it’s true.”
“So what do you plan on doing, stay shut up in that room the rest of your life?”
Todd imagined himself walking through his bedroom door and counted how long it would take to get the handgun and put it to his head. “Yeah . . . all ten seconds, then BANG!”
“What the heck is that supposed to mean?!” 
“You figure it out. And you can drop me off at home.” Todd laid his head back and closed his eyes.
Mr. Barndale kept looking at him nervously as they traveled down the road. He wasn’t sure if he was joking around or dropping a hint. He needed advice, and he knew just where to get it. He pulled into a rest stop, locked himself in the men’s room and called his wife. “Hey, honey. Got a minute?”
“Sure. Where are you now?”
“Inside a bathroom in New York, close to the Jersey line. I need to talk to you about Todd.”
“What’s wrong?”
“Well, I thought we made a lot of progress up here. He connected with his folks, healed some old wounds. Things were looking good, and then out of nowhere he flipped the script on me again. I’m worried that he might be suicidal.”
“What makes you think that?”
“Something he said. He could have been joking, but it’s got me nervous. I’m not dropping him off at home. That’s what he wants, but I’m not doing it.”
“Definitely don’t do that. We have to keep an eye on him until his father gets back.”
“How am I supposed to get him to our house against his will?”
“Honey, you’re bigger than he is. You just have to make it happen.”
“Oh, brother . . . Alright, I’d better get going. And fill the girls in. They need to know what’s going on.”
“Okay. And I’ll ask them to have some lunch ready for you guys. Good luck.”
“I’m going to need it. Bye.”
When he got back to the car, he was relieved to find Todd still asleep. He started the engine and pulled back on the highway. About an hour later, he was in Punchville pulling into his driveway. Todd woke up angry when he saw where he was. “I wanted you to take me home! No strings attached, remember?”
“Your father and I agreed that this would be your home until he gets back. Now, let’s go get some lunch. When you’re finished, you need to get back to your gardening project.”
“I’m going home to my house,” he said, giving him a cold stare. He got out the car and started down the walk. Barndale jumped out and cut him off. 
“You’re not leaving.”
Todd stepped left and tried to go around him. Barndale blocked his path, and he stepped right. He blocked it again, and they found themselves an inch apart, staring each other in the eye. Todd was furious. “I need you to get out my way!”
“And I need you to get in the house. That’s the last time I’m going to say it.”
“Or what?”
Barndale dropped and knocked out forty quick pushups, then jumped to his feet with his chest and biceps pumped. “Let’s put it this way. Either you walk or you get dragged. The choice is yours.” Todd looked at the muscles rippling in his arms and realized he was on the verge of getting body slammed. His first reaction was to call his bluff, but he knew he’d be crazy if he did. So he turned around and went up the walk. When he got to the garden, he dropped his bag in a small act of defiance and went right to work.
“I know you’re hungry. Come in and eat something first.”
“I’ll eat when I’m ready.”
Mr. Barndale shook his head. He then went and sat in the office where he could watch his every move. Around the second hour, he felt bad that he hadn’t eaten anything and decided to enlist the girls’ help. He found them in the yard playing a card game with Kalani. “Would one of you please go out there and make Todd come get his food. He won’t do it if it comes from me.”
“He just needs some space,” said Karimba. “I wouldn’t worry about it. But I will talk to him later to make sure he doesn’t miss dinner.”
“Alright. And so that you know, one of us needs to have a heart-to-heart conversation with him, to find out what’s going on inside that head of his.”
“It’s not going to be me,” Karimba laughed.
“Me either,” said Malawi.”
“Well, whoever it is, if he starts opening up, don’t walk away. If he’s suicidal, it may be our only chance to save his life.”

Todd was lying across the bed, listening to the melody of the music box, when Karimba knocked on the door. “Todd?”
“Yes?” he responded, closing the lid.
“Can I come in?”
He quickly sat up. “Sure.”
She walked in and pulled up a chair. She saw the white box on the bed beside him. “I heard Tchaikovsky’s Waltz of The Flowers. Was it coming from that?”
“Yeah. It used to belong to my mother.”
“Pretty. Was that melody a favorite of hers?”
He nodded. “It always put a smile on her face.”
“Maybe it can do the same for you.”
“I don’t see that happening.”
“Well, I guarantee you’ll be smiling after dinner. Dad’s putting his famous honey-dipped chicken on the grill. You plan on coming up?” 
“I don’t think so.”
“Why not? You have to be starving.”
“Yeah, but I don’t feel like having everybody staring at me. I know he told you what I said in the car today.”
“He did, but I’m not up to having a conversation about it. I only came down here to try to get you to eat. You refuse, so I’m leaving.” She got up and turned toward the door.
“You’re leaving without even knowing if I’ll be okay?”
She stopped and turned back around. “Look. I don’t know if you’re doing this for the attention or what, but if you are, you got it! Everybody’s worried.”
“And you’re not?”
“There’s nothing to worry about. There’s no way you’re thinking about committing suicide. It’s a joke, right?” 
His eyes watered up, and he wiped the tears with the back of his hand. He shook his head. “No. It’s not a joke.”
“You really have a gun?”
“Yeah.”
A sudden heaviness came over her, and she wanted to fall apart. But she couldn’t. She had to hold it together for his sake. “How long have you been like this?”
“About a year.”
“Why would you want to kill yourself?”
“Because I’m tired of being a loser. I have no friends, no education, a father who degrades me every chance he gets, and a mother who didn’t love me enough to stay in my life. Like my father says, I’m just a worthless, good for nothing bum. This world would be better off without me.”
“First of all, about not having any friends . . . I’m your friend. If I wasn’t, we wouldn’t be having this conversation. You know I care about you, don’t you?”
“Yeah, but . . .”
“But nothing! I’m your friend. So are Malawi, my mother, Kalani, and my dad. Especially my dad. So you need to stop being so hard on him. And about not having an education. You can fix that by going back to school. And your father . . . he’s just an angry man taking his problems out on you and everybody else in town. Now, your mother, if she didn’t love you, she wouldn’t have taken you to Connecticut with her. She took the only thing she cared about. YOU! And that rant about being worthless . . . You’ve got to be kidding me! Do you realize how much joy you’ve brought into our lives with that garden out front? It’s beautiful! My dad was thinking angels were responsible for it. But it was you. You have a gift for bringing new life to things. Like when you went to see your grandparents. We all thought it was a hopeless, but you went up there and softened their hearts . . . just by being you. This world needs more people like that. So don’t ever think about checking out of here again. Okay?”
He smiled. “Okay.”
“And you know what? Somebody must be looking out for you because after all the time you spent thinking about doing that, you’re still alive. And you’re here with us . . . people who care about you.”
“Maybe it’s my mom.”
“Maybe so,” she said, half-heartedly. “My mom says a mother’s love transcends time and space. It’s a comforting thought, but a little extreme if you ask me.”
“What if it was true?”
“Yeah, what if?” She got up and gave him a hug. “Thanks for confiding in me.”
“Thanks for listening.”
“Now, have you changed your mind about dinner?”
“Absolutely.”
“Great. I’ll see you upstairs in about twenty minutes.”
She walked out and Todd stretched back on the bed. He wound the music box, and then closed his eyes and the melody carried him away into a dream. He was in his room at his grandparents’ house, looking out into the yard as the music played in his ears. There was a light in the loft window. He climbed down and ran to the barn, his heart thumping as he heard his mother humming. When he reached the top of the ladder, she was sitting on the mattress smiling, just like she was the last time he saw her.
“Hi, Todd!” He sat down and embraced her, enjoying the rosy fragrance of her perfume.
“Mom, I miss you so much!”  
“I know. That’s why I came to see you. Things have been difficult, haven’t they?” He nodded. “They’ll get easier soon.”
“Things wouldn’t be so hard if you hadn’t left. Didn’t you love me?”
“Todd, I loved you with all my heart from the very day I found out I was carrying you. And every minute of my life, that love only grew. I know you were hurt by what I did, but it was no reflection on how I felt about you.”
“But why did you do it?”
“There’s not enough time to get into that now, but I explained everything in a letter I left for you.” She placed her hand beneath his chin and lifted his head, so she could look him straight in the eyes. “Don’t ever again consider going down the same path I did. What I did was cowardly. There was nothing noble about it.”
“So, you know?”
“Of course I know. I’ve been watching you.”
“Like an angel?”
“No, I’m not an angel. But I have been guarding you and bringing good people into your life. The family you’re with right now could use your help.”
“But if I help them, who’s going to help me?”
“Just do what you know is right and fear nothing. Especially your father. In time, even he will change.” 
“That would take a miracle.”
“I happen to believe in miracles, don’t you?”
“I’d like to.”
“Then do it. They’re happening around you every day. Now give me a hug. I have to go.” They embraced and she whispered in his ear, “There’s nothing broken that can’t be fixed by love. Nothing wrecked that can’t be given new life. Cherish every moment you have on earth and know that when times are dark, it just means there are brighter days ahead.” 
The dream ended and Todd opened his eyes feeling it wasn’t a dream at all. He knew he was with her and believed her words were true. He lay there for a minute, then set the music box aside and went upstairs. When he got to the kitchen, the family was already seated and waiting for him. Mr. Barndale gave thanks for the food, and they started eating.
“I have good news,” said Mrs. Barndale. “I made arrangements at work to take off Thursday and Friday, so I can be here to help out. If we have to shut down, we’ll need all hands on deck to make sure the students get as much help as possible. That’s if it’s okay with you girls.”
“Of course!” said Malawi.
“I second that,” said Karimba. “And what a coincidence. Just when we need someone with your unique qualifications, here you are. Did you know that you and Morgan attended rival prep schools?”
“She’s a Cambrington girl?”
“Yup.”
“What a small world. As a former president of the Chambliss debate club, I know the Cambrington mindset inside out.”
“That’s what I figured, but that’s not all you have in common. She’s also into the arts. She wants to go into theater.”
“Interesting. That doesn’t mean you expect me to pull out my violin, does it?”
“That won’t be necessary,” said Malawi, making a face.
“Good. I haven’t opened that case in years, and I’m sure I’m quite rusty by now. But I would be delighted to work with her.”
“Dad has the guys under control,” said Karimba. “Alonso is already making great strides. Dad, I forgot to mention that he brought his soccer ball with him today!”
“Did he really?”
“Yes. And he is very good. The team will scoop him up quic,k and that will be the end of his social problems.”
“Yeah,” added Malawi, “and the beginning of his girl problems.”
Their father grinned. “I’m sure that’s one problem he’d be happy to have. Now, about Willard. What am I going to do with him?”
“Any ideas?”
“Well, I have considered something I heard about on the Brain Channel.”
Malawi held her head. “Okay, Dad, whatever it is, be gentle with him. And shock therapy is out of the question.”
“No shock therapy?! I guess it’s back to the drawing board. How about hypnotherapy? I have a certificate in that.”
Malawi raised her eyebrows. “Mom!”
“He’s just kidding,” she replied, looking at him suspiciously. “You are kidding, right?”
“Yes, I’m kidding. But it is a thought.”
“Anyway,” said Karimba, “Malawi has been teaming up with Ariana, and she’s coming along fine. We just need someone to spend time with Kelly.”
Their mother thought hard. “Whoever’s assigned to her should have a thorough understanding of what gossip can do to people. Who’s best suited for that?”
They looked at each other, trying to see who was up for the task. Todd raised his hand. “How about me?”
The room got silent. Their father leaned back in his chair. “You really want to pitch in?”
“Why not? It will give me a chance to set the record straight about those vampire stories floating around.”
“Is that the only reason?”
“No. Gossip is what made me drop out of high school. And I want to do something to help other people from being hurt like I was. This looks like a good place to start.”
“I think so, too,” said Karimba.
“Same here,” said Malawi.
Mr. Barndale cleared his throat and looked at him with remorse. “I just want to take a moment to apologize for dragging you into this without your permission. I meant well, but I wish I had considered the downside to the idea. Now, here you are with the future of this Boot Camp on your shoulders. It’s an unfair burden, and I want to remove it from you right now. So I’m telling you to do what’s best for Todd McDermott. If you choose to go back to school, fine. If you don’t, that’s fine, too. Your decision will not change the way we feel about you. I look at it this way. Whether this thing goes three more days or four more weeks, those students will leave here better prepared than when they came. I call that success. Obviously, the extra time would be icing on the cake. But you know what? Cake without icing still tastes pretty darn good.”
Todd listened, but it didn’t sit well with him. His mother’s words were still ringing in his ear. She told him to do what he knew was right and fear nothing. And that’s what he was going to do. “I hear what you’re saying,” he responded, “but we’re having icing on this cake! When my father gets back, I’m going to look him right in the face and announce that I’m going back to school. This Boot Camp is not going to close!” 
 They couldn’t contain themselves. They all jumped up and cheered like they scored the winning shot in a championship basketball game. Mr. Barndale gave them a minute to celebrate, and then motioned for them to calm down. “That’s the best news I’ve heard in a while! But we need to remember who we’re dealing with. Ollie McDermott is a slippery character.” He looked at Todd. “Sorry. Maybe I should rephrase that.”
“Rephrase nothing! He’s a snake!”
“That’s just what I’m talking about,” Mr. Barndale continued. “And in case he decides to weasel out of his promise, I say we go into these next three days like there is no tomorrow! Agreed?”
“Agreed,” they responded unanimously.
Chapter 14: Fairytales
Thursday morning, the family woke up with a great sense of urgency. Mr. and Mrs. Barndale prepared a breakfast fit for a king and queen. The meal itself was a gathering of the minds, with Danielle as a special guest. Her presence at the table added to the excitement. When they were done eating, Karimba tapped on a glass to get everyone’s attention.
“Before we go out, I’d like to say a few words. When Aunt Danielle came up with the idea for High School Boot Camp, Malawi and I were only looking at the money we could make, the contribution we could make toward our education, and all the shopping we could do with our friends at the mall. It was all about us. But it’s funny how things have changed. The money is still important because we need it, but it’s not what drives us anymore. What drives us is those students and how much they need this. They’ve come a long way, but they still have a ways to go. I want us to interact with them today, tomorrow, and Saturday, like Dad said. Like there is no tomorrow. We may not be able to help them in every area that they need it, but we sure can give it our best shot. Those students are the future leaders of Punchville High. Let’s go out there today and give them the tools they need to succeed!”
Malawi held out her hand. “Everybody get in on this.” The hands piled on one by one until it was a mountain of unity. “On the count of three. One, two, three,” and they all yelled, “PUNCHVILLE!”
When the students arrived, Karimba squared off with Kelly. She wanted to practice Walking The Halls and then hand her off to Todd. Malawi worked with Ariana, and Mrs. Barndale hooked up with Morgan for their much needed one-on-one.
“I hear you have an interest in theater,” said Mrs. Barndale.
Morgan frowned. “Yes, but I have a long, hard road ahead of me now. My former school had one of the best drama departments in the country.”
“Don’t be so hard on Punchville. Theirs may not be as stellar as Cambrington, but it’s still very good.”
“You know about Cambrington’s program?”
“Cambrington was our competition. When I was at Chambliss, I knew several girls who transferred there.” 
“You went to Chambliss? How did you end up graduating from Punchville High of all places?”
“My dad’s health forced him to give up his law practice, and that was that.”
“So you know how I feel.”
“Boy, do I know. Transitioning to public school wasn’t easy, but it eventually worked out.”
Morgan picked at her nail polish, and then looked at her timidly. “Do you have any advice for me?”
“Well, first off, don’t do what I did. I went there thinking I was better than everybody else, which wasn’t all my fault. Chambliss taught us we were the crème de la crème. I took that elitist mentality to Punchville High and made all kinds of enemies. Girls were calling my house leaving horrible messages on the machine. I had pranks played on me in the locker room. It was crazy. One day, the guidance counselor called me in her office and sat me down. She told me I had two choices. Either I could continue what I was doing and have the most miserable high school experience ever, or I could make some changes and have the best time of my life. She asked which one I wanted. Of course, I chose the latter. Then she said, well, sweetie, here’s what you do. Get down off your high horse. The rest of the world looks insignificant from up there. If you put your feet on the ground, you may find yourself looking up to the same people you once looked down on.”
“She didn’t pull any punches, did she?”
“And I’m glad she didn’t. That’s exactly what I needed to hear. When I complained about not having any friends, she left me with this nugget. She said, if you want a friend, you have to be a friend.”
“Well, I could use some friends about now. All the girls from Cambrington have avoided me like the plague since they heard about my situation. Now that I know their true colors, I’m thinking it wasn’t the best school for me anyway. I don’t need all that phoniness. If I miss anything, it will be the drama program.”
“I wouldn’t be so worried about it. If you join the drama team at Punchville and take a weekend workshop at the university, you’ll have plenty of opportunities to develop your talent. It’s all about exposure. Keep putting yourself out there until you catch the right break. But along the way, you need to develop the people skills that will make success possible.”
“Like being a good communicator?”
“Yes, but also being approachable, relatable, and caring. When people see those traits in you, they’ll be your best fans. All because you treated them like your friends.” 
“And to have a friend, you have to be a friend.”
“Exactly. If you go to the high school with that mindset, you’ll have the same fantastic experience that I did.” Mrs. Barndale looked up and saw Malawi waving them over to the cones. “Looks like we’re wanted. Well, I’m sure glad we had this chat.”
“Me, too,” said Morgan. “I had no idea it would go where it did, but I’m glad we had it. It’s definitely time for change.”
“Change is good. Now let’s see what’s going on over there.”
When they reached the others, the girls were applauding Kelly as she finished the circuit. “Great job!” yelled Karimba. “You showed focus, determination, and lots of poise. You definitely could pass for an upperclassman.” She looked at Morgan. “Let’s see what you’ve got.”
Morgan crossed her fingers and approached the starting point. Mrs. Barndale shouted, “There’s a new wind blowing! Do you feel it?” Morgan nodded, and then began her walk. With every step it was obvious that the princess was gone. There was no arrogance or conceit. She was just Morgan Palmer, a confident new student at Punchville High. As she passed the last cone, Karimba and Malawi were there to greet her with a high-five.
“Mom, the miracle worker!” shouted Karimba.
“What’s all the excitement about?” asked Todd as he walked up.
Malawi gave him a wink. “We were just celebrating a few achievements.”
“Let’s keep those coming! I was on my way out front to do some work in the flower garden. Can I get a volunteer to help me?”
Malawi turned to Kelly. “Are you interested?”
“Well, okay. I was born with a green thumb, unlike our neighbor, Mrs. Wu, who manages to kill every plant her poor husband gives her. I hear she does it on purpose to get back at him for losing his wedding ring.” 
Everyone snickered as she followed Todd to the front of the house. “So what are we doing?” she asked him.
“I need you to pull up the weeds growing inside the bed area. That would be any type of growth that’s not part of the plant. You can put them in here,” he said, handing her a plastic container.  I’ll be over there deadheading.”
“Deadheading?! What in the world is that?”
“It’s cutting off flowers that have faded. It helps the plants grow more blooms.”
“Sounds so creepy.”
Up until that point, Todd didn’t know how to begin their talk. Her remark gave him an idea he thought would work. About three minutes into the job, he decided to put his plan into action. “Why did you make that statement about your neighbor?” he asked.
“What? Oh, that. I was just making conversation.”
“Is it true?”
“I don’t know. Well, I think so. I heard it from the girl across the street.”
“You consider her a reliable source?”
“I don’t know. I hardly know her. I was walking behind her going to school one day and heard her mention it to her friend.”
 “So you repeated something you heard without even knowing if the information was accurate.”
“Why are you asking me about this?”
“Because I was asked to keep my ears open for people having conversations about Mrs. Wu.”
Kelly stopped what she was doing and looked at him. He continued working, aware that he had sparked her curiosity. “Asked by who?”
“By Mrs. Wu.”
She gulped. “How do you know her?”
He stopped and looked her in the eyes. “What I tell you from this point on cannot be shared with anyone else. Okay?”
“Okay.”
“Well, she imported a poison from Hong Kong, which she pays me to put in her plants . . . and a lot of other plants in this town.”
“Pays you? Why would she do that?”
“First of all, it has nothing to do with a wedding ring. It’s more serious than that. As a matter of fact, so serious that if the truth got out, the entire town council could end up in jail . . . or worse.”
She sat down and folded her legs, staring at him intently. “Go on.”
“Okay, here it is. I’m going to spill my guts only because I trust you. But if you let me down, there are people out there who would spill my guts. Now, are you sure you want to hear this?”
“I don’t know,” she said, shaking her head. “Could those people possibly come after me?”
“Too late to start thinking about that now. According to Mrs. Wu, they already know who you are. They saw you listening in to the conversation your friend was having.”
“She’s not my friend!”
“It doesn’t matter now. You’re in the loop and in danger like the rest of us.”
“So I’m in trouble because I repeated something about Mrs. Wu’s plants?”
“Yes. It’s not good to stick your nose in other people’s business.”
“Can you tell them that I’m sorry? I won’t say another word about Mrs. Wu! I swear!”
“I’ll pass it along, but these people are involved in a lot of bad things in this town. The wrong information from your lips might put you back on their radar.”
“Then I’m finished! I mean it! No more gossip for as long as I live! The grapevine is down!”
“You promise?”
“Promise.”
“Now shake my hand and make it look good. They may be watching.”
She held his hand, and they shook. Then a shiny black sedan pulled up in front of the house. “Who’s that?!” she yelled. “It’s them!”
She jumped up and ran to the gate, fumbling with the latch before rushing inside. Craig and Jagger, a wrestling buddy, got out the car and started toward Todd. “Well, look at this,” said Craig. “It’s Todd, the flower freak. What did you do to that girl?”
Todd stood to his feet. “Nothing. We were just talking.”
“Then why did she run away like that?”
“I told you, we were just talking.”
“You’re a liar!” Craig mushed him in the face, and Todd recalled his mother telling him to be brave. He nervously shoved him away, and Craig would have left him alone, but he smelled fear and came at him again. “So you want to fight, flower girl?” Todd was too scared to respond. He just closed his eyes and braced himself for what was coming. Craig balled up his fist and was about to punch him in the stomach, when he saw the others rushing toward them.
“Don’t touch him!” said Mr. Barndale. Craig opened his fist and backed away. Jagger turned around and slipped inside the car. “Now I know who you are! You were one of the punks roughing him up that night.”
“Craig, did you really do that?” asked Karimba.
“We were just horsing around that night. That’s all. We weren’t going to hurt him.”
“Just horsing around? You call this horsing around, too?!”
“Come on. He’s a creep. He likes to sneak out at night and play with flowers.”
“He likes gardening. So what? It’s thinking like yours that probably forced him to do it at night. And here I am encouraging people to play that hiding game, too. Well, I’m not doing it anymore because it’s not fair. Just like you, they have a right to express themselves without fear of somebody assaulting them . . . Malawi had you pegged all along. You’re pathetic. Get in your car and get out of here.” 
“Now, why do you have to be like that? I thought he was hurting that girl. I guess I made a mistake.”
“Yeah, I made a mistake, too. Get away from my house.”
“So I’m going to lose you over that jerk? I ought’a break his neck!”
Mr. Barndale flexed his arms. “You’re not breaking anything. Now leave before I come over there and give you some help.”
Craig didn’t move. Then out of nowhere, Willard heard a whisper in his ear. “Nofurion, help my son!” Willard stepped from the crowd and walked right up to him. “You were asked to leave. Why are you still here?”
“And who the heck are you?”
“I am Nofurion!” Willard then rammed his shoulder into Craig’s chest and drove him to the ground. Craig lay there stunned a few moments, then limped to his car and drove off. Everyone was shocked to see Willard exhibit that kind of aggression. But no one was more shocked than he was. Without blinking, he turned and walked back in the yard. Mr. Barndale quickly checked on Todd, and then went after him. He found him sitting on the deck with his head in his hands.
“I just trampled on everything I hold sacred,” he said.
“Is that how you see it? I thought you just decked a guy who really deserved it.”
Willard looked at him with strained eyes. “Who is man to decide who shall receive pain? Man is not God.”
“And you weren’t trying to play God. Todd and Karimba were in distress, and you stepped in to defend them. There was nothing wrong with that.”
“Yes, there is. A guy was hurt, and I did it in the name of someone who lives by the highest moral standard.”
“He was temporarily stunned, that’s all. You just hit him hard enough to send him the message that he had to go. If you hadn’t done it, I would have. And I don’t think I would have exercised the restraint that you did.”
“So you believe it was a necessary aggression?”
“It wasn’t aggression. It was defense in response to aggression.”
He rubbed his chin. “Sounds just like Nofurion. I believe that’s how he would have handled it.”
“Just like the monks that used to live in the mountains of China. They were holy men, but they were also superior martial artists because they had to defend themselves against wild animals and bandits. Whenever they faced danger, they used only enough force to disable the attacker. If the attacker was injured, they used their medical arts to heal them.”
“So it was all done in love.”
“Exactly.”
“But I don’t think I attacked that guy with love in my heart. I was pretty fired up.”
Mr. Barndale put his arm around his shoulder. “Which doesn’t mean you were angry. If you were, you wouldn’t have stopped when he was down. But you did. Like those monks, you were in total control.”
Willard sat silently, soaking in his words. He then stood to his feet and began pacing. “Perhaps, this is an excellent way to handle the bullies at the high school.”
“I think you’re onto something.”
“It’s not like you’re telling me to fight. You’re simply saying defend and disable.”
“That’s it. Feel better now?”
“Yes, much better.” Willard then sat back down with a gloomy look. “But I have to send that guy a sympathy card with some healing words in case I injured him emotionally.”
Mr. Barndale chuckled. “Okay, that sounds like a plan.” He saw the others coming back through the gate. “Here they come. I’ll head them off to give you some time to yourself.” He walked over to his wife, who was standing with Kalani. 
Kalani held his arms up like a muscle man and flexed his biceps. “Daddy, Willard is strong!”
“He’s very strong.”
“But how is he taking it?” asked Mrs. Barndale.
“He’s fine. He just needs a moment to clear his head. But I’ll tell you one thing. When word of this gets out, he won’t have any problems at the high school.” He looked around. “Where’s Kelly?”
“Out front getting an apology from Todd.”
“For what?”
“For giving her some of that shock therapy you were talking about. You should go check on them. They’re both pretty shaken up.”
When he reached the front, Todd and Kelly were on the steps talking. Todd’s hair was disheveled. His eyes were red and strained. “Hope you don’t mind me listening in,” he asked, sitting on the step below them.
Todd shook his head. “I was just cleaning up a mess I made.”
“Yeah, but I’m still shaking,” said Kelly. “Why did you do that to me?”
“Just having a little fun. I didn’t expect that car to pull up like that, though. Talk about perfect timing.”
“Perfect for who? I’m so paranoid right now. That’s the last piece of gossip to come from these lips.”
“I’m glad to hear that. Otherwise, you’re okay?”
“I think so. At least I will be when I get rid of these jitters.”
“What about you, Todd?”
“I’m doing as well as can be expected, considering I just embarrassed myself in front of the whole camp.”
“Don’t even think like that. These guys are on your side. You saw how Willard came to your defense.”
Todd made a face. “Yeah, Willard . . . man of the hour. I need to use the restroom.” He climbed to his feet and went in the house feeling humiliated because Willard had the guts to do something that he didn’t. After all the tough talk about standing up to his father, he couldn’t even stand up to Craig. Where was the boldness? Where was the courage when it counted? He did some soul-searching and came to a humbling conclusion. He’d put too much stock in fairytales. Too much trust in a stupid dream. And too much faith in himself.

  
Chapter 15: Looking For A Hero
On Friday, a sudden thunderstorm sent everyone scrambling for the basement. Once they got inside, Todd excused himself and went to his room. He sat on the other side of the wall trying to block out their voices as the girls quizzed them on the things they had learned.
“Ariana,” said Karimba, “what do you do if you’re on the bus and someone calls you a disgusting name?”
“I ignore them.”
“If they do it again the next day?”
“Ignore them”
“And again.”
“I report them to the vice principal, and then have my parent phone the school to make sure the student was called into the office and spoken to.”
“What if you’re threatened afterwards?”
“I will let every person here know what is gong on, so they and their parents can stand with me for encouragement and support. Then, I will push my parents to take legal action. School is a place for learning. We should feel safe at all times, on the bus, in the halls, and in the playground!”
“And if you wore a shirt with a bright yellow sunflower on it, and people said you dress like a hippie, what would you do?”
“First of all, I happen to like sunflowers, but if I wore a shirt and got laughed at, I’d change into something more stylish. We must honor the unwritten code, right?”
“No! That’s the old way. We don’t dress to please other people. You wear what you want, as long as it’s not insensitive and doesn’t violate the rules of the school.”
“Got it.”  
“Reggie,” said Malawi, “back to the first question Karimba asked Ariana. If someone bullied you on the bus, what would you do?”   
“Why, I would put one of my pet rats up their pants leg.”
“Reggie!”
“Just kidding! I would do the same thing she said.”
“And if you brought a bag lunch to school and kids laughed, what would you do, then?”
He looked at her like she was nuts. “I would never do that. I’d look like a geek.”
“That’s bowing to the code, Reggie! You’re a leader, not a follower.”
He snickered. “Sorry, I forgot. On second thought, I would enjoy my lunch to the fullest and organize a monthly Bring Your Bag Lunch To School Day just to show them who they’re messing with!”
“There you go!” 
“Kelly,” said Karimba, “you’ve been trying out for the freshman cheerleading squad and there’s one spot left. The choice is between you and one other girl. You hear something about her that could eliminate her from the competition if word got out. What would you do?”
She tilted her head and thought for a moment. “That’s a tough one. If I told the captains what I knew, that spot would be mine. In all honesty, I’d be tempted to spill the dirt, but knowing what I know now, I’d leave that to someone else. My making that squad should be determined by my cheerleading ability and nothing else.”
“And what if making the squad required you to pull a humiliating prank on someone?”
She looked at Ariana, and sadness came over her. “Like making someone’s private property public?”
“Yes, pictures, diary, you name it.”
“I’d tell them to get lost because people’s feelings are important to me. Besides, I don’t compromise my morals just to belong.” 
“Good answer!” said Karimba. “Now that we’re on the subject of sports. Alonso, I believe soccer tryouts start next month. Where are you going to be?”
“What kind of question is that? I’ll be on the soccer field where I belong! As a matter of fact, I plan on putting up a tent and sleeping there to make sure I’m the first one to sign in!” The others laughed. 
“Glad to see you’ve got that competitive spirit back, but you don’t have to go through all that. Just show up on time and you’ll be fine.” She looked at Willard. “You know, football tryouts start next month, too.”
Willard raised his eyebrows. “Why are you telling me that?” 
“Well, the way you pulled off that tackle yesterday, I think you’d make a pretty good linebacker.”
“A darn good linebacker!” said Mr. Barndale. “Why don’t you go for it?”
He looked squeamish. “I don’t know. It’s such a violent sport. What if I hurt somebody?”
Mr. Barndale waved his hand. “I wouldn’t worry about that. They have trainers to help people when they get injured.”
“Like the monks?”
“Yeah, like the monks.”
“I’ll think about it, but I’ve never been much of a football person.”
“Why don’t you try out for the soccer team with me?” said Alonso.
“Soccer, I can do!”
Karimba turned to Morgan. “Hey, Princess.”
Morgan flinched. “Don’t call me that. I’m just an ordinary girl. Both feet on the ground now.”
“Who are you kidding? There’s nothing ordinary about you. You stepped off that pedestal, but you’re still a princess. All of you are.”
“Hey, I’m no princess!” yelled Reggie.
“Right, Reggie, you’re a prince. That doesn’t mean any of you are better than anyone else. It means you’re just as good. When you go up to that high school, we don’t want you to hide your light. We want you to shine! I really want to emphasize that because when we first started, we said you needed to blend in with the crowd and not draw attention to yourselves. Well, forget that! That philosophy was wrong and unfair to you. You’re not going up there to blend in and let things stay the way they are. You’re going up there to change the culture of that place! If you don’t want pizza, bring a bag lunch. And forget about dressing like everybody else. If it’s not you, don’t do it. Dare to be who you are, no matter what anyone else thinks. And if a Craig walks up on you, stand strong because all of us have your back!” 
Everyone applauded, and they wrapped up with some refreshments provided by Mrs. Barndale.
 
Saturday morning came and so did the sunshine. Classroom drills were on the agenda. The girls arranged chairs in two rows with the students in the first and them, Todd, and their father in the back. Their mother stood in front with a book, playing the role of teacher.
“Here’s what we’re going to do,” she said. “I will call each of you to read a page from Smoke On The Ridge by Eleanor Ganzley Lima. The three people behind you will play the role of antagonists. They will make rude faces, make distracting sounds, and ask off-the-wall questions, but I want you to stay poised and focused. “Willard, come start us off. You’ll read from page seventy-five.”
As Willard walked to the front, Todd stared him up and down. He was very critical, comparing their size and manly features. Willard was taller, but he had broader shoulders and stronger, masculine hands. He looks like a wimp, he thought. Then he got angry for thinking it because he knew it wasn’t true. If anybody was a wimp, it was him for lacking the guts to deal with Craig the way he did. Disgusted with himself, he slid down in his chair as Willard took the book and started to read.
“Augustus wasn’t happy with what Ashe did to Mr. Becker’s tire the other day. Mr. Becker was an old man and he needed his car to get around on the mountain. Now he had to wait until Jeb got back from Grover City to have him patch up the hole. If Ashe was all that angry . . .” Willard paused, then fidgeted a moment. “If Ashe was all that angry . . .” He stopped and his eyes wandered. He searched the page with his finger, and then sighed.
“What’s wrong?” asked Mrs. Barndale.
“I can’t get into it. I keep thinking about what’s going to happen tomorrow.”
“Okay, you can sit down. Morgan, come on up.”
Willard handed the book to Morgan. She looked at the text and picked up where he left off. “If Ashe was all that angry, Augustus wondered why he couldn’t just go up on the ridge and chop wood like he always did.” Morgan frowned and lowered the book.
Mrs. Barndale shook her head. “Don’t tell me you’re having trouble concentrating, too.” Morgan nodded. “Have a seat, then. Are all of you distracted?” Everyone nodded.
“So am I,” said Karimba. “No sense trying to force something that’s not meant to be. Everybody, let’s just have fun today. There’s some sports stuff in the box over by the table.”
Morgan, Kelly, and Ariana found a baseball, some gloves and started playing catch, while the guys ran off and played soccer. Todd went behind them, but instead of joining in, sat quietly on the deck watching.
Karimba and Malawi walked over to their parents. “So, what do you think?” asked Malawi.
Their father rubbed his chin. “I think they needed the break.”
“That’s not what I meant. I was referring to Mr. McDermott. Do you think he’ll keep his word?”
“To be honest with you, anything can happen. At least we know we did our part. My concern right now is Todd. Since his little run-in with Craig, that fire he showed the other night seems to be gone.”
“We don’t have time for this,” said Karimba. “I’ll go talk to him.”
He put his hand on her shoulder. “No, we’ve done about all we can do. He needs to work the rest out on his own.”

An hour later, the Barndales were on the deck eating sandwiches. Malawi looked at Karimba. “I have to go up to the track today. Feel like coming?”
“I’ll pass.”
She then turned to Todd, who sat staring at his plate, his mind a million miles away. “What about you, Todd?” He didn’t answer. “Todd!”
“What?” he responded, dreamy-eyed.
“I asked if you were interested in going to the track.” He shook his head and drifted off again. Minutes later, he came out of his daze and saw Mrs. Barndale staring at him.
“Why aren’t you eating?”
Unsure what her question was, he simply looked at her and frowned. “I have a headache. I think I’ll turn in.”
“It’s one o’clock in the afternoon!” said Malawi. “Who goes to bed at one o’clock in the afternoon?”
Todd went inside as the others watched him with concern. When he reached the room he sat in the chair and stared into the dark. His head ached from the pressure of knowing everyone was counting on him. They wanted him to be brave. He wanted it too, but it just wasn’t in him. Then he thought of the gun and how snug it fit in the palm of his hand. He remembered the power and the confidence it gave him. If I carry it with me, he thought, then maybe I could do this. Suddenly he feared what might happen if he accidentally used it. So he trashed the idea and struggled through the day and into the night. When midnight came, he couldn’t take it anymore and decided to run. 
He threw his things in his bag and ran upstairs, setting off the alarm as he rushed out. It caught the attention of Mr. Barndale who anticipated his move. But he didn’t go after him. He couldn’t. At this point, it was a matter of manhood. He had to let him struggle with his fears and find the courage to do what was right.
Todd made his way through the city and sat in the train station. He closed his eyes to ease the throbbing in his head. In an hour, the pain was gone, but he was now drowning in shame. He had abandoned his friends when they needed him most. He had acted like a coward in front of the whole world. People would laugh at him the rest of his life, and he’d never live it down. Immediately, he knew he had to take a stand. Against his father. And against Craig. He had to redeem himself, and there was only one way he knew how.
He jumped to his feet and went to Pine Forest Road. He got the gun, stuffed it in his belt and went back to the house. Mr. Barndale smiled when he heard him come in. But if he knew what was on his mind, he would have been deeply worried, and there would have been no peace on Sheffield Drive that night.

Four hours later, a loud honk in the driveway interrupted Mrs. Barndale’s sleep. She peeled open her eyes and looked at the clock. It was seven fifteen. She looked out the window and there was McDermott leaning against the hood of his truck. She went back to the bed and shook her husband. “Honey, wake up!”
He lifted his head from the pillow. “What is it?”
“McDermott’s here!”
He hopped up and took a look. “Good grief! I’ll throw something on and go get Todd.” When he got to the basement, he found him knocked out on the bed fully clothed. “Todd, wake up!”
He slowly opened his eyes, and then shielded them from the light with his hand. “What time is it?”
“Early, but you have to get up. Your father’s outside.” The words jolted him like electricity. He then remembered the gun and fixed his T-shirt to make sure it wasn’t exposed. “I’m going out to meet him,” Mr. Barndale added. “Get yourself together and come on out. And don’t be nervous. We’ll be right there with you.”
Mr. Barndale left the room. Todd fell back and pulled the pillow over his face. He didn’t want to move, but the weight of the gun gave him a shot of courage. He tossed the pillow and swung his legs to the floor, unaware of the music box by his feet. It came crashing down. The lid flew open, and the jewelry tray popped out. In the back of the slot where the tray used to be, was a folded sheet of paper. He opened it and began to read.

Dear Todd,

This is the hardest letter I’ve ever had to write. So excuse the stains. I’m doing a lot of crying right now. I hope you’re not angry with me, but if you are, please keep reading to the end. What I have to say will make your life better than mine ever was.
As far back as I can remember all I ever wanted to do was dance. That was my dream, but it’s strange how things turned out. It was my hope to one day dance before royalty, and I ended up dancing with my friends in the local pub. And with this paralysis in my body, soon I won’t even be able to do that. Rather than let the curtain go down on me like this, I choose to exit the stage on my own terms. But this, my son, is not the final curtain for me. If I have any sway over heaven, I’ll find a way to be with again, to keep you from making the same foolish mistakes I did. When you let people mold you into what they want you to be or put chains on your dream, it’s like signing a death sentence to your happiness, and you’re left with nothing. So my advice to you is embrace the thing you love. Whatever your gift, pursue it to the fullest. Perfect it, and build your life around it. On the day that you do, I swear I will shout for joy! I will pirouette on the highest cloud and dance from one end of heaven to the other. Like the ballerina on this music box, I will dance and dance and dance because you, my son, will be on the threshold of the happiness I always dreamed of, but never achieved.

Do what you love, and let nothing stand in your way.

Love always,
Mom

Todd sat on the edge of the bed feeling numb from head to toe. His mind tingled as he took in what he read. This was the letter. The one his mother told him about in the dream. The dream was real. Now he could see it clear as day.
He put the music box in his bag, then tucked the letter in his pocket and left the basement like he was floating in a trance. When he got outside, he found everyone waiting for him.
“There he is!” shouted McDermott.
“Todd, your father’s been waiting to hear about your plans for the fall,” said Mr. Barndale.
McDermott laughed. “What is that, a joke? Look at him! The only plan he has is to go back to watching TV. Ain’t that right, Todd?” Todd was in another world and could barely understand what they were saying. “Just like I thought. Bringing him here was a big waste of time.”
Karimba turned to him. “Todd, please say something!”
McDermott threw up his hands. “He has nothing to say, but I do! Get in the truck, boy.” Todd stared blankly at the Barndales and started toward the vehicle.
Malawi quickly walked up to him. “Don’t do this to us! Don’t do it to yourself.”
“Let him go,” said Mr. Barndale. “I guess we had him figured wrong.”
Malawi stepped back, and Todd got in the truck. McDermott gave Mr. Barndale a serious stare. “When I ride through here Monday morning, I’d better not see any activity in this yard. Got that?” He then got in the pickup and drove off. Halfway down the block, Todd noticed a slip of paper in the console with the words Holy Rest Cemetery at the top. He picked it up, and it brought him back to reality. “Give me that!” his father yelled. The truck swerved and he pulled to the side of the road. He tried to snatch it, but Todd blocked his hand and continued to read. It was a receipt for payment of his mother’s headstone.
“You’re the secret admirer who paid for this?”
“What do you know about that?”
“I was up there Thursday visiting my grandparents. Why did it have to be such a big secret? Is it that hard to show people you have a heart?” 
McDermott furrowed his eyebrows. “Just because I bought a tombstone means nothing! I did it out of respect!”
“Would you have taken care of her out of respect, if you knew she was going to be paralyzed?” 
“What are you talking about?”
Todd reached in his pocket and handed him the letter. McDermott snatched it and started reading. His eyes were filled with tears when he finished. He leaned back against the headrest and grabbed his heart, his breathing shallow and laden with emotion. He was hurting and Todd wanted him to hurt. He wanted him to suffer like he and his mother suffered. And if he was having a heart attack, that was even better because he’d have the pleasure of watching him die. But beneath all his anger, Todd knew he still loved the man and didn’t want to lose him too. “Are you alright?” he asked. McDermott nodded. “Well you don’t look so good. I think we should get you home.”
“No. I want to sit here for a while. We need to talk.” He calmed his breathing and stared reminiscently into space. “When I was living in Connecticut years ago, I went to a dance contest with a buddy of mine. That day I fell in love with a beautiful dancer named Catherine Meyers. She was very talented, and any fool could see that fame was in her future, but her big mistake was falling in love with me. When we got married and moved here, I wouldn’t let her dance anymore because I didn’t like the way other men looked at her. So she gave up her dream to keep her husband happy. But the dream never died. It kept burning inside her, and that made her miserable. Then you came along, and all the energy she once poured into dancing, she put into loving you . . . I resented you for that.” He wiped his eyes and continued. “In time, she got tired of playing the role of good housewife. She grabbed you and took off. By then she was having physical problems and didn’t have the stamina for dancing anymore . . . That’s what tears me up. Had I not been so selfish when she was young, she would have had a long, rewarding career. Instead she died with her dream unfulfilled.” He started trembling, then held his head for a moment and got himself together. “I’ve always said if I had a chance to do it over again, I’d let her dance to her heart’s content. When I read what she said about dancing in heaven, I couldn’t help but cry . . . because I finally saw an opportunity to make up for some of the wrong I’ve done to both of you. It won’t make up for everything, but at least it will give me some measure of peace . . . and give you a chance to live a better life.” He looked him in the eyes. “What is your dream, son? She talked about you following your dream. I want to help you make it happen.”  
Todd sat silent. He didn’t know how to respond because they’d never talked like this before. It was like opening up to a stranger, except this stranger happened to be his father. “I’m not sure.”
“Is there one thing in this world you enjoy doing more than anything else?”
Todd looked out and saw wildflowers growing along the edge of a field. A warm feeling spread through his body. “I guess I like to grow plants. I could spend my whole life around them.”
“That’s horticulture. So you’d like to open your own greenhouses like your grandfather and maybe do some plant research?”
“Yeah.”
“Well, you’re going to need a good education for that.”
“I know. I’ve already made up my mind to go back to school.”
“Good decision. I’m proud of you, son.”
Todd broke down crying. He tried to fight it, but couldn’t help himself. It just came out of nowhere. “Do you know how long I’ve wanted to hear you say that? What took you so long?”
McDermott shrugged his shoulders, struggling to find an answer. “I was angry. Anger can make you do a lot of dumb things. I’m sorry for not being the father you needed. But all that’s going to change.” He opened his arms and they hugged. Todd remembered the gun and realized he didn’t need it after all. Not even for Craig. That situation didn’t matter anymore. Nothing mattered, but the love he was getting from his father. McDermott suddenly put the truck in reverse and started backing down the street.
Todd looked at him. “What are you doing?”
“I have some unfinished business to take care of.”
He backed into the Barndales’ driveway, and they got out and walked to the door. The family was sitting quietly in the living room when the bell rang. Mrs. Barndale opened the door and did a double take when she saw them standing there. “Can we come in?”
“Of course,” she responded. “Honey, we have guests.”
Mr. Barndale jumped to his feet when McDermott walked in. The girls were nervous as he headed their way. Unsure what to expect, they stood Kalani in front of them for protection. “Young ladies, Todd informed me that your program has inspired him to go back to school. What you’re doing here is obviously a huge asset to this town. With that said, I expect to see that yard filled with young people every day for the rest of the summer . . . and every summer as long as Punchville is on the map.” He then stared down at Kalani. “And young man, next time you want to go for a walk, you make sure somebody else is with you. If I see you outside that gate alone again, you’re going to be in a world of trouble. Got that?”
“Yes, sir!” Kalani responded with a salute.
McDermott then gave their mother and father a wink. They chuckled as they walked him and Todd to the door. Before leaving, McDermott turned back with his eyebrows crunched. “You know, Clarence, this High School Boot Camp sounds like a darn good concept for a book. You should consider writing it.”
Mr. Barndale almost did a backflip. He thought it was a fantastic idea. But he remembered his promise to his wife and kept a lid on his excitement. “Maybe one day I will. Right now, I have another project I absolutely must finish first.”
“Oh, no you don’t!” she exclaimed. “Drop everything and write that book!”
“There you go,” laughed McDermott. “Be a smart man and listen to your wife.”
Todd and his father left, and she and the kids went wild. Mr. Barndale, however, chose to skip the celebration. He rushed to his desk and wrote down ideas for his exciting new novel. 
Chapter 16: The Big Day
The Boot Camp’s atmosphere was relaxed the two weeks following their victory over McDermott. But with September approaching, pressure started building, and the students began losing focus. One Tuesday, Malawi decided it was time for a pep talk. 
“I know you’re feeling nervous right now,” she said, “and some of you are even scared. The moment is coming when all your hard work will be put to the test. It will not be a drill, people! It will be you live at Punchville High. And that would be a terrifying experience if you were not ready. But when that day comes, you will be more prepared than any students who have gone before you. You will have what it takes, the know-how and the resourcefulness to thrive. So fear not. The moment you step through those doors all your training will kick in, and you will rise to the occasion and make us proud! But right now, your training is not complete. You still have a few more weeks to go. So I encourage you to dig in and continue the hard work that will make your success possible!” 
This was exactly what they needed to hear, a fiery speech to inspire them back into action. They regained their focus and were soon looking forward to their first day at school.

On Friday August 22, the girls gave them flyers for their graduation. Karimba handed one to Mr. McDermott. He read it, and a light bulb came on inside his head. When he got to his office, he pulled out the city tax book and opened a file with residents who had code violations. He put together a list, then got on the phone and started making calls. His first call was to Chad Baker who lived on Pfeiffer Lane. “Mr. Baker, Ollie McDermott, City Clerk here. About that retaining wall you were supposed to put up . . . Yeah, I understand. We’re all feeling the pinch these days. I’m calling because there’s something I want you to do for me. I’ll consider it a favor . . . Well, I’ll be sending you a flyer in the mail about an event taking place in town on Labor Day. I want you to bring your kids and tell your neighbors. And ask your wife to bring a dish . . . Wonderful. I’ll be looking for you.” He ended the call, and then dialed the next number on the list. “Mrs. Grober, this is Ollie McDermott, City Clerk. About that balance on your sewer bill . . . Yeah, I know how it is. We can give you a little more time with that. In the meantime, I need a favor from you . . .”
He continued through the list until every name was called. He then ran off more copies of the flyer to give out around town. He pinned one on the bulletin board, then stood back and smiled mischievously. “It looks like we’re going to have ourselves a real party!” He thought for a moment, and then realized if everyone came, they would have a very serious crowd issue. He hurried back to the telephone and dialed. “Hello, Albert. This is McDermott. I was wondering if you could round up some of your crew for a few hours on Labor Day . . . That would be great! I’ll call you back with the details.”

On the big day, Mr. and Mrs. Barndale were in bed sleeping when they heard Malawi calling from outside. “Mommy! Daddy!” They ran downstairs in their pajamas and found the girls and Kalani staring toward the street. 
“What’s wrong?!” they asked.
“The fence,” said Karimba.
Mr. Barndale shrugged his shoulders. “What about it?” His eyes nearly popped out when he realized it wasn’t there. “My fence!” he yelled, walking over in disbelief. “Somebody stole my fence!”
Mrs. Barndale followed him and ventured out onto the sidewalk. “Honey,” she said, “there are signs up on the telephone poles saying the street is closed today. And there are barricades at the intersection. Did the city notify you about this?”
“It’s news to me.”
Just then two trucks carrying tables and chairs drove around the barricades. They stopped in front of the house. Some men hopped out and started unloading. 
“Excuse me,” said Mr. Barndale to the one who seemed to be in charge. “What’s going on?”
“They’re having some kind of block party here today.”
Mr. Barndale shook his head. “No way! We’re having a graduation in a few hours. Who’s organizing this?”
“Ollie McDermott.”
“McDermott?”
“Yeah. Hold on, I’ll let you talk to him.” He pulled out his phone and dialed. “This is Albert. A guy over here needs to talk to you.” He handed him the phone.
“McDermott, what are you doing?”
“We’re setting up for all the people.”
“All what people?”
“The people coming to the graduation. Last I heard, half the town is going to be there. And don’t worry about that fence. Albert will have it back up tomorrow morning.”
Mr. Barndale was all choked up. He gave Albert the phone and walked back to his family in disbelief. “What’s wrong?” Malawi asked.
“Nothing’s wrong. We’re just going to have one heck of a graduation . . .  Honey . . .” 
“Yes?” his wife responded.
“Half the town is coming to the graduation. I think we need to order a few platters for all the people.” He held her hand, and they strolled back to the house.
The girls and Kalani watched the workers transform the yard into a festive setting with tables and chairs for eating, and a stage with giant speakers and a microphone. They also arranged one hundred chairs for people to sit while viewing the ceremony. When they finished, everything was perfect for the occasion.
Malawi put her arm around Kalani’s shoulder. “This will be your second graduation of the year. Aren’t you happy?”
“Yeah, I’m ready for high school.”
“That’s right, and I feel better about you going there now. You have friends to look out for you.”
“Nofurion!” he shouted.
Karimba giggled and gave him a hug. “I’m going to miss you so much!”
Malawi looked at her confused. “What are you talking about? You commute. You’ll see him every night.”
“I know, but after a few weeks, he’ll be like a different person. It always happens that way.”
“Well, he can’t be our kid brother forever. He has to grow up.”
“Speak for yourself. He’ll always be my kid brother. Now, let’s get inside. We have our own preparations to make.”

Around ten o’clock, the McDermotts showed up with a tarp draped over the bed of their truck. They lifted it and pulled out fifty balloons. One got away from Todd, and he watched it sail into the sky, until it was nothing but a pink speck in the ocean of blue. “That one’s for Mom,” he said.
“Is that it?” his father asked. He then smiled and released them all. Everybody was breathless as the balloons filled the sky with a rainbow of colors.
“I wish she was here,” said his dad.
“She is,” said Todd. “She’s always been.”
Soon a crowd started gathering and placing homemade dishes on a row of tables. Moments later, the Barndales stepped out to see how things were shaping up. When they feasted their eyes on the abundance of food, they were shocked.
“Oh . . . my . . . goodness!” said Karimba.
“I second that!” said Malawi.
Mr. Barndale shook his head in awe, then turned and saw McDermott standing behind him. “Mr. McDermott . . .”
“Call me Ollie.”
“Okay, Ollie . . . This is incredible.”
“It’s the least I could do after all the trouble I caused you.”
“Well, we really appreciate it.” 
As the girls watched the guests pour in, they began to spot their students in the crowd. “There’s Ariana!” said Malawi, “and Morgan and Willard.”
“And there’s Reggie,” said Karimba, “with Alonso and Kelly!”
Their mother smiled. “That seems to be everybody.”
“You’re right,” their father added as the crowd continued to swell. “It really is everybody.” McDermott patted him on the back and walked off, humbled by the community’s support.

At eleven o’clock all the seats were taken. Graduates and their families filled the first two rows. Karimba leaned toward Malawi. “Are you ready to do this?”
“You know it.”
They walked to the stage and gazed into the crowd. There were parents and grandparents, aunts and uncles and students from high school down to elementary. “This is awesome,” said Karimba. She put on a picture-perfect smile and stepped up to the microphone. “Good morning. I am Karimba Barndale and this is my sister, Malawi. We welcome you parents, family, friends, and residents to the first annual graduation of High School Boot Camp. Without further ado, Malawi will now introduce our graduates.”
Karimba stepped aside and Malawi moved forward. “Before I hand out the certificates, I would like to acknowledge a few people who helped make this Boot Camp a success. First, our mother and father for the time they invested, the wisdom they shared, and for allowing us to use our home for this endeavor. Second, our Aunt Danielle for looking at the seed of what we initially had and envisioning something greater. Last, but not least, Mr. Ollie McDermott for arranging such a large turnout and providing the tables, chairs, and sound system.” She then opened a folder she was carrying. “Graduates, will you please come to the stage and line up to my right.” She waited as they walked up and formed a line in front of the guests. “Each of our graduates will receive a certificate today. It reads, This certificate is hereby presented to you in recognition of your successful completion of the 2014 High School Boot Camp. For your hard work, perseverance, and growth, we salute you. Signed Karimba Barndale and Malawi Barndale.” She handed the certificates to Karimba who presented one to each student. After they were seated, there was a round of applause. She waited for the crowd to settle down, and then continued to speak.
“At this time I would like to introduce our guest speaker. He’s a true inspiration to us all. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Todd McDermott. Todd walked to the stage and stood before the microphone. The girls shook his hand and returned to their chairs.
“Good morning!” he said. He then cut his eyes to Kelly. “Until a few weeks ago, our town was plagued by a so-called vampire who lived on Pine Forest Road.” Kelly chuckled. “He never bit anyone. He never slept in a coffin. But the cold world he was forced to live in was a grave all the same. He stayed in all day and came out at night because that’s the only time he could be free. The only time there was no mob hunting him down and yelling painful things that wounded his heart. I was that vampire. How did I get to that place? It started when I was ten, when my mother jumped off a bridge in Connecticut and killed herself. I came back to Punchville hoping to find a friend. All I met were people who teased me and pushed me around. I had just lost my mother, and all they could do was be cruel.” He paused for a moment as he spotted Craig and Jordan listening from the sidewalk. “I barely made it through middle school. I suffered through freshman year of high school, and then I couldn’t take it anymore. I dropped out. Out of school and out of life and would have died in that dark hole because I had a gun.” He stared at his father who was shaken by his admission. “Yes, Dad, a gun. And I was preparing to check out of this world just like my mother. But that plan was interrupted by the Barndales. They brought me into their home and nurtured me back to life. They taught me the meaning of friendship and commitment, and helped me to believe in myself. And although they put me to work in their garden, I believe they were the real gardeners working on me, helping me blossom into the man who stands before you now. For that I am forever grateful. Now, please stand and join me in applauding Karimba and Malawi for providing the sunshine that changed my life and the lives of these students who have flourished in their care. We celebrate them as they celebrate us. And it is my hope that many more will waltz into this garden and experience the miracles that happen in this place.”
Everyone stood and applauded as the girls took a bow. They then asked the graduates and their parents to stand with them and share the accolades. The ceremony was now over. As the crowd converged on the food, Craig walked over to Todd. 
“Hey, man,” said Craig, his chest sunken and face humble. “That was a great speech.”
“Thank you.”
“I just wanted to say that I’m really sorry for being one of those people who made your life miserable. I had no idea what you were going through. And if you had used that gun . . .” He got emotional and wiped his eyes. “Anyway, I’m sorry . . . especially about what happened a few weeks ago. I was way out of line. If anybody ever bothers you again, just let me know.”
“I appreciate it, but that’s not necessary. I plan to stand up for myself from now on.”
They shook hands, and Craig walked away looking for Karimba. Willard, Reggie, and Alonso watched him weave through the crowd. When he found her, he walked up behind her and tapped her shoulder. She turned and smiled. “What brings you here?”
“Well, my parents got a call from the city and threatened to stop paying my tuition if I didn’t show my face.”
“I’m surprised you made it past my bodyguards.” They looked and saw Willard and the guys watching him.
“Yeah, I don’t want to anger those guys.”
“So, were your parents the only reason you came?”
“No, I really wanted to come and apologize to Todd . . . and to you for being such a jerk. I was already feeling messed up, but after hearing him speak, I felt terrible. And I could tell by the faces of the kids who were here that most of them felt the same way. You and your sister might make a difference in that high school after all.”
“We sure hope so.”
He glanced at the ground for a second, and then looked at her with a boyish grin. “About us. Can we go out tonight or maybe tomorrow? You know classes start soon.”
She shook her head. “I’m sorry. What you did really disappointed me, and I don’t think I can ever feel comfortable around you again.”
He frowned. “I totally understand. It’s my loss.” He then kissed her on the cheek and walked away as she followed him with her eyes.
“Bye,” she said. When she turned around, Ariana, Morgan and Kelly were standing in front of her with their hands on their hips.
“What was that all about?” asked Morgan.
Karimba smirked. “He’s just trying to make up.”
“Well, I’m glad you told him to hit the road,” said Kelly. “You deserve better.” 
“A lot better!” chimed Ariana.
“Thanks for the love, girls. It’s good to know you have my back. Now, where’s that sister of mine?”
“When I last saw her, she was talking with that Jordan person,” said Ariana.
Just then, Malawi and Jordan walked up holding hands. They stopped and gazed into each other’s eyes. “I’ll see you later,” he said. He then looked at the girls. “Hi, guys.”
“We are the girls!” chided Morgan. “The guys are over there.”
“My bad.” He nervously stepped away and caught up with his brother.
Karimba looked at Malawi. “And why do you have such a big smile on your face?”
“Because Jordan and I decided that we would continue seeing each other.”
“It’s about time! So when is he leaving for college?”
“Tomorrow. He wants to come over and hang out later tonight.”
“He can hang out until midnight. When that clock strikes twelve, he has to go! You’re still seventeen.”
“Girl, please!”
“Anyway, enough talk,” said Karimba. “Let’s get something to drink.” She locked arms with Kelly and Morgan. Malawi locked arms with Ariana, and the five of them headed toward the tables. “Anything interesting over there?” 
“There’s soda, iced tea, lemonade, and fruit punch,” said Malawi.
“Who made the lemonade?”
“Reggie’s mom, Mrs. Neesblok,” said Ariana.
Karimba and Malawi stopped and made gagging sounds with their mouths. “What’s wrong?” asked Morgan. “I thought you liked lemonade.”
“We used to,” said Karimba. “Today, I’m having something else.”
Malawi held her stomach. “Me, too! And the rest of you should do the same.”
Ariana tilted her head curiously. “Why?”
“Trust me. You wouldn’t want to know.”
“Tell us!” pleaded Kelly.
“I’m not going to do it. It’s too gross.”
Morgan stomped on the ground. “Come on. We can handle it!”
“Okay,” said Karimba. “Don’t say I didn’t warn you. And F.Y.I., there’s mouthwash in the upstairs bathroom if you need it.”
She told them and the three girls took off screaming toward the house with their tongues hanging out. Karimba and Malawi laughed. “We did warn them,” said Malawi. “Shall we have some iced tea?”
“Let’s.” They locked arms and walked toward the tables, greeting friends and well-wishers along the way.

At five o’clock Tuesday morning, Todd and his father drove along a quiet stretch of highway in Connecticut. McDermott cruised to the middle of a bridge and pulled the truck against the rail. Todd got out. He took the handgun from his pocket and threw it as far as he could into the ocean below. He then got back in, and they drove off. With fishing poles in the back and peace in his heart, he was ready to celebrate the first day of the rest of his life.
# # #

Thank you for reading High School Boot Camp. If you enjoyed it, please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer.

Your friend,

Charles Allen

About The Author

Charles Allen lives in New Jersey with his wife, Queen, daughters Karimba and Malawi, and son Kalani. He is the real life Clarence Barndale from High School Boot Camp, his first novel for teens.
