Adventures in Reading for Kids 8 – 12 
By
Debra Chapoton
Copyright 2011 by Debra Chapoton
All rights reserved www.bigpinelodgebooks.com  

Smashwords Edition
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This is a Sampler collection of the first 5 chapters of several children’s books by author Debra Chapoton. These samplings are brought to you by Big Pine Lodge Books. All books are available on Smashwords for $2.99 or $.99 as well as in paperback form.
The samples are from the following books:
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE FORBIDDEN TUNNELS http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/108514
THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/30483
A TICK IN TIME
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/32518
BULLIES AND BEARS
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/32152
BIGFOOT DAY, NINJA NIGHT
http://www.smashwords.com/books/view/32976

NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE FORBIDDEN TUNNELS
CHAPTER 1 The Giant Dryer

I don’t know how I got into this building. Sometimes that happens to me in this place. I don’t think it’s memory loss or anything magical. It just is. When I say “I suddenly found myself outside”, well, that’s really what happens.
My name is Nick Bazebahl. Yup, you’re right, it sounds like a sport and I can live up to my name, no problem. My dad thinks I’m the star of Little League.
But back to the building I found myself in.
There were a lot of kids, mostly older than me. Taller, for sure. They were busily moving around. I saw a couple of guys step out of the giant round openings of what looked like room-sized washing machines. 
Front loaders. I peered into one after some middle school kids turned the corner. Clothing was stuck to the far inside wall of the machine and had to be peeled off like Velcro. I know because that’s what I did. I peeled off some nice jeans and a dark blue tee-shirt.
I needed a new disguise. Stealing someone’s freshly washed laundry would have to do. After all, I was pretty noticeable in this bright orange shirt and torn jeans.
But before I could change I suddenly found myself outside. 
I walked around the building looking for an entrance and finally found one at the walk-out basement level. A line of people stretched twenty feet or so with each person pushing a wheeled laundry basket. You know the kind – prisoners escape in them all the time on shows I watch when the babysitter is over.
Just so you know, the babysitter is watching my younger sister, Gracie.
Anyway, I didn’t think this was the way I had entered the first time. Darn, I knew there would be challenges when I came here. 
I cut in line behind a woman with a skirt the size of my uncle’s pole barn. No one complained that I took cuts. They probably couldn’t see me. 
I took the first set of stairs up two flights and followed the woman as she went to the right. It was habit, I guess, from following my mom (not that my mom has a big butt, she doesn’t).
This lady I was following went into a room with a swimming pool. It was HUGE! As she went to the changing room I took off the orange shirt and holey jeans right there. I was glad to see I was wearing some fairly new underwear. I wrapped myself in one of the softest white towels I had ever felt. Then I went looking for the giant washing machines again. A towel disguise wouldn’t be the smartest thing to run in, I know, but . . . well, at least I wouldn’t stand out. Strange as it seems almost everyone I passed was wearing a white towel.
I followed the winding hallway. A hint of dryer lint and fabric softener in the air was guiding me.
Then suddenly an announcement blared from speakers in the ceilings. The Monitors were here! I didn’t just need clothes now. I needed a really quick escape route.

CHAPTER 2 Running down the Hill

I followed a woman that looked a lot like my mom (smaller butt, long brown hair).  I watched her pull armloads of pants, shirts, underwear and sheets from one of the machines. She heaped them in a pile on a long folding table and then went back to the giant machine.
She crouched and entered it. It was really big. I guess she had to peel off the stuff that got stuck to the back.
I took my chances and I grabbed what I wanted from the table. I wanted anything blue, not pink. Not purple. Then I ducked into an open machine to change. That’s right. These machines were bigger than the closets at our old apartment.
I was fast. Fast like “you have five minutes, Nick, before we have to leave for your ballgame” not fast like “the school bus will be here soon, you don’t want to miss it, do you?” 
I hurried to one of the small windows that looked out toward a fading sunset. 
Huh? This was weird. I wasn’t the only sloppy dressed kid trying to escape this place. Dozens of other kids were jumping out. They were landing on the loose dirt and sand-surfing down the steep hillside. Most were in clothes too baggy or too tight. Lots of pink among the girls.
I wiggled through the opening and did the same surfing run down the hill. My arms flapped at my sides as I tried to keep my balance. Everyone was running away from the building. No one was yelling or screaming, not even the girls. Super weird. It felt just like something was chasing us, but when I looked back all I saw was the red wall of that strange place. Suddenly, everything was dark.

CHAPTER 3 The Cliff
I was in the woods now and the lights from the building didn’t penetrate into the forest. My eyes adjusted pretty quickly, though. As I followed the others I noted that they were veering off in three separate directions. A pair of kids, teenagers probably, were heading left followed by several moms, all plump. (I’m not allowed to say fat.)
 Down the center trail went a bunch of girls. Now, finally, they were making noise, giggling. I felt I better stick with the guys so I went right. That meant I had to follow a guy in a soccer uniform. Good disguise, dog. But I could barely see who he was following.
One last look behind and I knew I had just made it out of there in time. The spotlights were scanning everywhere. I turned and fell. Straight. Straight down. Straight down a slippery tube.
If I wasn’t so scared I would have laughed and enjoyed the ride. It lasted a full minute – sixty microwave seconds – and I felt hotter and hotter. The sliding slowed as the tunnel evened out. I had to crawl out the last three feet.
“Bazebahl, over here,” someone whispered. Who could know my name?
“We’ve got a hard case here,” she said. She was an ageless woman, maybe thirty-five, maybe sixty. She looked a lot like every teacher at my school. Her nametag said ‘Mabel Jackson’ and I glanced down at my own chest to see that somehow I had a stick-on nametag, too. It said ‘Nick Bazebahl’ and had my picture, too. It was my school picture, the retake from last spring with my hair about as short as it’s ever been.
When I looked up again I realized that the lady had just said something about a case.
“A hard case?” I echoed. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.” I couldn’t imagine what she meant.
“Oh, yeah, that’s right, you’ll have a little trouble with your memory for a while. That’ll pass. Just follow me for now,” she said. “It’s almost midnight, we don’t want to be late.”
Memory thing? Well, that sort of made sense. I could not in a million years figure out how I got here or what I was supposed to do. I must be experiencing some kind of memory blackout. Cool.
I started following her. I wondered what we were going to be late for. And midnight? It was almost midnight? Awesome. I hope it’s a school night.
The sky got more black. Suddenly there was a boom of thunder and lightning and the rain poured down in sheets. Miss Jackson led me to a high, rocky bluff and we crouched down and looked over. The straight river below held a steamboat trapped on a rock. With every flash our eyes registered the progress of a small raft that was heading directly toward the boat.
“That’s Jim!” I shouted to Miss Jackson, as I wiped my eyes and face clear of the cold rain. I wondered how I knew it was Jim. Jim who?
“Of course,” she answered. “And we’re here to save him and the little guy with him.”

CHAPTER 4 The Growling
I should have been confused by Mabel Jackson’s statement, but, oddly, I knew she was right and we were definitely here on this bluff about to save two poor people on a raft. Double awesome. I must have grown some new memories to replace the old or something.
But how were we going to save this Jim and this little guy? We had no tools, no equipment of any kind. At least I didn’t. I looked toward this nice lady and waited for the next flash of lightning. 
And there it was. Flash! Ka-boom!
An image of her was burned into my eyes with hot redness. Her hair was plastered to her head. There was a strap across her shoulder and a large bag under her arm.
“What’s in your bag?” I asked, turning my attention back to the flickering boat lights below. I could just make out the square shape of the raft entering a circle of light.
“The usual,” she said, “ipad, knives, guns and for back up: paper and pencils.”
Did I hear right?
“Oh, and a flashlight, of course,” she added as she shined a narrow beam in my face. Then she fanned the light over my body and asked, “Where’s your bag? Didn’t you pick it up?” 
My hesitation must have made her think I was somebody else, maybe, even though I had the right nametag. 
“Are you Nick? Who are you?” 
And then her flashlight glowed over the larger duffel bag behind me. Only a few scattered raindrops were splish-splashing on it now. “Oh, there it is. Open it, would you?”
The zipper stuck every couple of inches, but I managed to force it open. Inside was another flashlight. There was also a rope and a ton of rock climbing gear. Cool. I could rock climb. I went twenty feet up the rock wall at the indoor center. Higher than even Matt Jennings and it was his birthday party.
Oops, I had to hurry. The sound of the raft cracking up below was not the only reason I rushed to pull the supplies out. The growling close to my left ear was louder than any mean German Shepherd I’ve ever heard.

CHAPTER 5 Another Tunnel

As the growling grew louder and the snorts produced some foggy, and stinky, hot breaths, I slipped over the side of the cliff. Old Miss or Mrs. Jackson was already below me, going down faster than you’d think an old lady could go.
The crash of the waves below told me when I was near enough to look down. It’s not a good idea to look down before you’re still far enough to break a bone. I caught some good footing and finished the drop by swinging into a cave. Yes, convenient, I know.
“Watch out,” Miss Jackson said as she grabbed me around the waist and kept me from landing in, or rather diving through, the hole in the cave floor. “Now listen.”
The language we heard coming from the steamboat and the raft was really, really old fashioned. Kind of like the black and white movies my grandparents think we like to watch with them.
There was cussing and a whole lot of “the n word”. I was really shocked, but Miss Jackson just kept scribbling notes. My cousin has some really nasty rap stuff he let my brother and me listen to. That is, until mom walked in. Anyway, this sort of sounded like that, but I didn’t think my mom or grandma would have minded this as much. It wasn’t said mean-like or nothing. Somehow it fit.
“Start writing! They trust us. We’re doing good here.” Miss Jackson hissed, thrusting her paper and pencil at me. She turned on her recording device and started capturing the dialogue. I didn’t see the point in my taking notes. I couldn’t write near as fast as she had been, or as well. Still, I got myself out of the tangle of the ropes and gave it my best shot. 
It seemed to take hours and when I looked up we weren’t outside at all. We were standing in an old-fashioned farmhouse bedroom, peering out from a crack in the nearly closed closet door. An old woman with a bonnet on her head was shaking her finger at a boy coming out from under the bed, another boy was huddled under the sheets.
“Enough,” Jackson whispered, dropping her device into her bag. She held it open for me to toss in the paper and pencil. Then she stepped back and disappeared through a hole in the floor. 
But not before she grabbed my ankle. I flew after her, bumping against the smooth sides of yet another tunnel.

You have finished the first 5 chapters of NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE FORBIDDEN TUNNELS. This book is available in paperback as well as in digital e-book form. The TUNNELS series continues with 
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE RED TUNNELS, 
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE WORMHOLE TUNNELS,
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE MINING TUNNELS,
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE CARTOON TUNNELS,
NICK BAZEBAHL AND THE FAKE WITCH TUNNELS, and more.
If you’d like to purchase any of these books please go to the author’s page at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DebraChapoton or her website: http://www.bigpinelodgebooks.com 

Please continue reading samples. Next is 
THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE

Chapter 1
The key. It was suddenly very clear that the key in Missy’s back pocket wasn’t an ordinary key. The rock ledge that she and Jessica were on, wide enough for several more people but still high enough to make their stomachs jittery, wasn’t an ordinary ledge either. The rock ledge seemed artificially formed, although from a distance it would be impossible to detect that. All of the gouges and pockmarks were actually impressions of different keys: large, small, thin, thick. Some indentations were deep, some were shallow, and all were spaced unevenly over the entire false rock face.
“Give me the key, Missy,” Jessica panted, still out of breath from their climb, “this has to be the way in. We’ll be able to save Kevin and get out of here before they know we’re missing.”
Missy carefully took the key out of her pocket, this was not the place to be accidentally dropping things, and handed it to Jessica who reached as high as she could to compare the key to the top left impression.
“What do you think will happen if it fits?” Missy whispered. “Think it will just automatically open?”
“It’s worth a try.” Jessica had dismissed the first several impressions and was slowly moving her hand down the rock, comparing the tiny indentations with the strange pattern of the key. She held it between her thumb and first finger so she could find the match just as if she were doing another 500-piece puzzle, looking for the partner to the piece in her hand. “This is going to take a while. There must be a thousand possibilities here.”
Suddenly both girls froze as they heard a rustling in the underbrush twenty or thirty feet below them. Missy needed to swat a mosquito but was afraid to move. Perched where they were they knew that from below they were invisible, but their voices would give them away. Had they been whispering too loudly? The mosquito that had been buzzing Missy’s face had now moved to her knee and landed. She glanced down and saw the tiny insect glistening gold in the afternoon sunlight. She stared. The mosquito really was golden and it was not about to bite her, but instead it seemed to be leading her to look to the last key mark near her foot. 
“Pssssst,” Missy motioned to Jessica and pointed out the key mark where the false rock met the ground. Jessica passed her the key and held her breath. There was another sound below, a sort of “humph”, like someone clearing his throat. Missy bent down, crossed her fingers on her left hand and pressed the key hard into the rock outline with her right hand.
There was a whooshy sound, an inhuman sigh, and the false rock started to slowly open. But it was pushing outward and Missy had nowhere to step to from her crouching position. She started to stand and move toward Jessica who was stretching out her hand. The rock door was pushing out and slowly upwards, too, but she wasn’t sure if she could reach Jessica or duck under the opening before it pushed her off the ledge. What a stupid place to put the keyhole, she thought, there should be a better entrance! She decided to try to cling to the bottom of the rock door as it swung out and up. She grabbed at the indentations; some were deep enough to provide a handhold. Her left hand seemed to have a good hold but her right hand scraped down and dislodged the key. Instinct made her grab for it before it fell forever lost below.
Jessica gasped, “Look out, Missy!” Missy was losing her balance even though the door was no longer pushing outward only upward.
There was a loud mechanical grumble below them in the underbrush as well as a hoarse voice, definitely human, rasping: “Gotcha!” 
Missy had heard stories about people whose whole lives flashed before their eyes when they thought they were about to die. Time seemed to slow way down but it wasn’t her whole life that flashed before her. She thought of March. Last March, when this unbelievable adventure had begun…
Chapter 2
March
Missy had been doing her favorite thing: watching reruns and eating chips. Not potato chips, chocolate chips. She didn’t have any friends, not here anyway. She had friends back home but it wasn’t home anymore since her mom and she had moved from the nice warm south to this cooler state. Cold actually. When they arrived in January it had been snowing and a blizzard had closed school on the first day she was going to go. She probably shouldn’t have complained so much about the cold and snow to her new classmates, or rather, she shouldn’t have bragged about the 75-degree weather she had just left. She had gotten off to a bad start but a few of the girls were starting to be friendlier, now that her tan had started to fade. She was just thinking how her life was like this rerun she was watching, boring, predictable, when her mom came into the den and sat down next to her.
“Missy, this weekend we’re driving up north to visit someone,” her mom said.
“You mean there’s someplace more north than here?” 
“Yup, don’t you want to know who we’re going to see?”
“Who?”
“Your father’s grandfather.” 
Missy’s father died when she was four and she only had warm, fuzzy memories of a big, strong, nice-smelling man reading her stories. She had met her grandparents lots of times but she didn’t even realize that she had a great-grandfather. 
“He must be ancient.”
“Very,” her mother replied, “he must be almost a hundred, but he still lives all by himself. Your dad didn’t get to know him because your grandfather had had a big fight with him a long time ago and they quit speaking.”
“That’s stupid.”
“I know, but anyway, your great-grandfather got in touch with me after your father died and I’ve been meaning to take you to see him for the last eight years. It was always too far and we couldn’t afford the trip, but now it’s just a four or five hour drive away. We’ll leave very early Saturday morning. Sound like fun?”
“Not exactly,” Missy said and then saw the disappointed look on her mother’s face. She quickly added, “but I’m sure it will be interesting.” Yeah, right, she thought, some hundred-year-old stranger/relative is going to be interesting and fun.
Early Saturday morning they ate breakfast and packed sandwiches and drinks for a picnic along the way. Missy looked over her mother’s shoulder and they both studied the road map that was unfolded on the kitchen table. The majority of the trip would be mostly expressway but the last forty miles or so it was going to be tricky. Not all of the smaller roads’ names appeared on the map. There were lots of lakes, state forests, and campgrounds. There were other odd looking symbols on the map and Missy was just about to ask her mom what they meant when her mom said, “Well, I have a general idea of where we’re going, and he does have a telephone, so we can call if we get lost. He may live in the sticks but it’s not like someone in the area wouldn’t know where Big Pine Lodge was and who Mr. Stark is.”
“Mr. Stark?” Missy just realized that she hadn’t even considered that her father’s grandfather would of course have the same last name, a name that had caused her a little bit of grief when some older boys had teased her and called her Stork. Hey, stork, what long skinny legs you have. Hey, stork, deliver any babies recently? Name-calling could be so mean. “What was, I mean, is, his first name? And what do I call him? Great-grandpa?”
“His name is John Washington Stark and I guess you can call him Great-grandpa. You’ll have to ask him. I really can’t tell you much more. I’ve talked to him on the phone a couple of times. He seemed nice, not a crotchety old geezer. He said he especially wanted to give you something.”
“What?”
“He didn’t say.” 
Hmm. A mystery. What would an almost hundred-year-old person have to give to a twelve year old girl he had never met? Money? That would be good. Jewelry? Maybe the lodge itself! No, it was probably some dumb worthless heirloom like his wife’s wedding ring. Sentimental value only. Missy sat staring out the car window trying to think of any other possibilities. She was so completely lost in thought that she didn’t even notice it had started to snow.
Her mother laughed and said, “I should have checked the weather report for up here. We might need boots and warmer jackets.”
Missy came out of her trance and gasped, “My gosh, I didn’t know it would still be snowing in March! It’s so pretty.”
Large fluffy flakes swirled down and started to cover the brownish-green shoulders of the expressway and the median between the north and southbound lanes. No flakes stuck to the highway, though, they just seemed to dodge away from the tires of the cars in front of them, as if they were playing a flying game of tag. Missy was hypnotized by the sight and soon fell asleep, her head bobbing forward until her mother applied the brakes and slowed the car to exit.
“Ow, my neck hurts. How long have I been sleeping?”
“Half an hour.”
“Wow, there must be two inches of snow. Where are we?”
“We are at the hard part. Spread the map on your lap so I can see it.”
Missy opened the map and found the exit number her mother had marked. “Looks like you turn right here and we go about a half an inch to Gunther Road,” Missy said.
“Half an inch, huh? What’s that, about two or three miles?”
“No, the legend says one inch equals ten miles, so it’s about five miles from here.”
They drove on slowly over the now white and slippery country roads. They had no trouble finding Gunther Road or the next six turns but they both agreed that it was taking too long and they were hungry. Since they hadn’t seen any other cars for the last ten minutes they simply stopped and ate their sandwiches in the car with the engine running. The snow stopped and the sun came back out. There was a sign on their right that they couldn’t read before because it was covered with sticky, wet snow. Suddenly it all slid off and revealed a startling truth: Welcome to Starkville, population 125.
“Starkville!” Missy proclaimed. “Mom, there’s a town named after us!”
“After your ancestors, I guess. I had no idea. It’s too small to be printed on this map.” They looked at each other and laughed. It was only five more miles but they missed the last turn and had to double back. There was a sign at an unmarked lane that said, “Seasonal road, not plowed by road commission” and they both agreed that this was most likely their last turn. The car moved slowly down what seemed to be a disappearing road with heavy woods on either side. They couldn’t see very far ahead because the road would either dip or turn. The snow clinging to the evergreens gave it a very picturesque and Christmassy feel but Missy’s mother seemed more than a little nervous about driving on the snow. If another car came toward them there was nowhere to go but backwards.  Missy, however, was thinking that she would like to come back in the summer and explore the woods. 
“Look! A fort!” At the side of the narrow road was an old wooden structure. Real logs had been set vertically into the ground and their tops had been cut into points. There were small slit-like window openings on the two sides that could be seen from the road. Missy was enthralled with the crude structure. It was about the size of a kid’s playhouse. It would be a neat place to spy on visitors, she thought. And just as that thought crossed her mind she noticed footprints in the snow at the far side of the fort. She looked again at the small windows. She couldn’t see anyone there but she was sure that she felt someone looking back at her.
They made a sharp right then a sharp left turn and saw a large brown sign with green lettering: Big Pine Lodge. The sign was very rustic and yet seemed to Missy to be promising something very special ahead. One more turn through thick pine trees and the promise was revealed. Big Pine Lodge was enormous. It was a dark brown log building three stories high. It looked like Paul Bunyan had used giant Lincoln Logs to build it. There was a huge porch across the entire front with two large porch swings to the right and the left of the double front doors. The swings were gently swaying and the snow had blown little piles of downy drifts onto the seats. The windows on the second and third floors were evenly spaced and the steeply pitched roof guaranteed an attic. Missy jumped out of the car and ran up the four wide steps to the lodge’s porch. The front doors were larger than normal and carved with a scene of fish jumping out of a lake. There was a large old-fashioned keyhole. There was no knocker or doorbell so Missy started pounding on the door. She even jiggled the doorknob and tried to look through the keyhole but something was stuffed in the other side. 
“I don’t think anyone is going to answer, Missy,” her mom said. “Look.” 
Missy turned to see her mother pointing off to the left. Now that she was on the porch she could see a dozen small cabins nestled in the pines at the side of the lodge. It looked like the lodge had had twelve identical babies. They were cute little mini-lodges, same style, same color. Each one had a stone chimney but only the first two had smoke, and, she now noticed, footprints.  
Her mother motioned for her to follow and said, “He probably lives in the cabin during the winter and closes the lodge.” 
Missy intently followed exactly in her mother’s footprints in the snow but out of the corner of her eye she thought she saw a flash of red. She stopped still and turned her head. She only saw more pine trees and leafless oaks and maples. It would be impossible to see very far into the woods when all the trees leafed out in the summer, she thought. A person could really sneak around then. But where would someone hide now? Behind that fat pine? Maybe. Her eyes followed the lines of the bark up the tree. There were no lower branches to climb on but there was what looked like a platform on the strong upper branches high up. Another flash of red up there! She was definitely being spied on. Missy ran to the base of the fat pine tree and circled it. On the back side there were pieces of two by fours nailed at one foot intervals making a ladder up the old tree. But from this side the platform above wasn’t visible. 
“Missy, come on!” her mother yelled. 
Missy crossed back over to her mom’s side, determined not to give the “spy” the satisfaction of a backward glance at the tree fort. She kept her eyes straight ahead and was surprised to see that the lodge and all of the cabins were facing a beautiful little lake. She could see a stone house on the far side but that was the only other residence on the lake.
They came around to the front of the cabin and knocked on the door. They could hear a TV set go from loud to mute and then the door opened. Missy was half expecting an old Santa Claus or else a gruff old Scrooge type but what she noticed first was a big grinning smile. His teeth were white and probably false but the smile was so genuine and happy that she couldn’t help but grin back at him.
“You must be Kimberly,” he said to Missy’s mother.
“Yes, I’m Kim, Mr. Stark, and this is my daughter, your great-granddaughter, Missy.”
“Oh, call me John. And you, little Missy, you can call me Great-Grandpa. Or just Great for short. Ha, ha, ha, ha!” His laugh was as infectious as his grin and Missy liked him immediately. His eyes, behind large glasses, were watery but friendly. He had two hearing aids that were half hidden by a fringe of silver gray hair. The top of his head was bald but he had a long gray beard and no mustache. He had been a big man once but now he was a little bit stooped over. Such an old person should have a walker or at least a cane, but he moved away from the door and gestured them into the cabin quickly and smoothly. They closed the door behind them and sat down on a green loveseat that was facing the fireplace. The room was cozy but cramped. Besides the loveseat there was an old rocking chair, an easy chair, a TV, a computer desk and a hutch. The room was open to the kitchen, which was just a wall with a stove, refrigerator, sink and a short counter. A coffee pot, microwave, and toaster limited the workspace on the counter. A small table and four wood chairs divided the kitchen and living room. There was a door that led to the bathroom and bedroom but it was closed. 
“Can I get you some coffee or hot chocolate? It’s already made. I just have to stick it in the microwave.” He was already moving toward the kitchenette so they both agreed to hot chocolate.
They spent a half an hour getting acquainted and Missy was actually thinking that this was fun and interesting. She had learned that her great-grandfather and great-grandmother had built Big Pine Lodge sixty years ago. The original lodge was much smaller and had burned down many years ago but they had rebuilt it and added the cabins. There was an owners’ apartment in the lodge that her great-grandfather used when the lodge was open, April to September, but he said that as soon as the weather turned cold he would always move into the first cabin for the winter. He got very sad sounding when he spoke of her great-grandmother whom he referred to as “the Mrs.” Missy was curious to know what her name was and so she asked.
“I called her Missy,” he said with a smile, “but her real name’s a mystery.” He laughed that funny laugh of his again and Missy laughed too.
She turned to her mom and asked, “Was I named after her?”
Her mom looked puzzled and answered, “Maybe. Your dad and I had an agreement that I would get to name you if you were a boy and he would name you if you were a girl. I always thought that maybe he had an old girlfriend by that name but I never asked.”
Old Mr. Stark just chuckled and said, “Another mystery. We have lots of mysteries and secrets around here. I’ll tell you a secret I’ll bet you never knew. I knew your dad pretty well. Even though I haven’t spoken to my own son, your grandfather Jacob, in forty years, his mother would bring him here when Jacob went out of town on business. Sometimes they would stay for two weeks at a time but we would have to keep it a big secret. It was hard to deceive Jacob but your grandmother felt really strongly that your dad should know us. Now don’t you go getting your grandmother into trouble by spilling the beans.”
“I never knew this,” Kim Stark said. “Missy’s dad sure was a loyal secret keeper.”
“Yes, and when he was Missy’s age he had a boxful of secrets,” he laughed again and leaned forward in the easy chair, his beard nearly touching his lap. He looked at Missy and said, “I want to talk to your mother a bit but you can go and explore the lodge if you’d like. I’ll get Kevin to show you around.” Without waiting for a reply or explaining who Kevin was Mr. Stark eased out of the chair and opened the front door. There was an old black triangle on a stand just outside the door and he took the metal gong rod and with a circular motion hit all three sides of the triangle a couple of times. It was quite loud and echoed across the lake and back. It wasn’t ten seconds before a boy in a red jacket and jeans appeared at the door. Mr. Stark introduced him as Kevin Jackson whose parents he employed as the lodge’s managers and general caretakers.
Chapter 3
“Kevin, give Missy the grand tour of the lodge,” he said as he reached into his pocket and took out a large silver key. It was on a chain with a penlight. He handed it to Kevin who nodded and turned to go out the door without waiting for Missy.  She grabbed her coat and quickly followed. Kevin had stopped just outside the door and Missy bumped into him.
“I’m sorry,” she said but he just smiled and started to walk toward the lodge. He was slightly taller than Missy and had dark brown curly hair. He’s either shy, stupid, or mute, Missy thought. She tried to think of something to say to start a conversation. Should she ask him if he was the one at the little fort spying at them? Should she say something about the tree fort? No, no, instead she just asked, “So, where do you live?”
“We live past the last cabin, through the woods, and in back of the stables. It’s a two-bedroom cottage. We’ve lived there as long as I can remember. My mom runs the lodge pretty much, handles the reservations, oversees the maids, the cooks, and the waitresses and my dad takes care of the grounds and maintenance stuff. I work, too,” he said proudly, “I run the Snack Shack on the beach.”
Well, she thought, he’s not shy, stupid, or mute. He had rattled all that information off so fast that she had to think a minute before she could get her questions out. They had reached the covered porch of the lodge but he was leading her around to a side door, much smaller and less ornate than the main entrance. He turned the key in the lock and opened the door, then walked through first and flipped on the lights. They were in a small entryway. Missy closed the door and said, “Wait, wait, slow down. There are stables here? Horses?”
“Not anymore. But the stable used to have a dozen horses that the guests could rent. At least that’s what Mr. Stark told me. The stable is empty now, just some old tack and stuff in there and junk.”
“And you said there were cooks and waitresses?”
“Yeah, there’s a huge dining room for the guests to have breakfast, lunch and dinner in. Come on, I’ll show you.” He led the way down a short passageway that opened into a large restaurant style kitchen. He turned on more lights that reflected off the stainless steel of the sinks, counters, and refrigerators. They walked by several empty bins and then Kevin pushed open the double swinging doors that led to a wonderful dining room. There were four chandeliers made from deer antlers and several wall sconces but Kevin didn’t turn on any lights since there was plenty of light coming in through six large picture windows facing the lovely lake. There were eight round tables with their chairs placed upside down on top.
Missy walked over to the windows and looked out. The lake was the central focus of the view but to the left there was a swing set and slide and to the right there was a small building with a sign that said Snack Shack.
“That’s where you work?”
“Yeah,” Kevin answered. “I sell soft drinks, candy, and ice cream in the afternoons. Mr. Stark lets me keep all of the profits. You can’t tell now but all of that space there without trees is a really nice sand beach. The guests love it, and this summer we’re going to hire a lifeguard.” Missy was beginning to think that this would be a really great place to spend the summer, or at least two weeks, like her dad did.
“Come on, I’ll show you more.” Kevin gave her a little tug on the sleeve and started toward the other end of the dining room. There were two sets of French doors on either side of a two-sided stone fireplace. They went through the doors on the left and entered another room the same size as the dining room. It was a combination lobby/living room. There was a counter for customers to check in at near the front doors. There was one grouping of couches and chairs around the fireplace and another grouping around a big screen TV. A wide staircase led to a landing and turned to continue on up.
“Off that way is the owners’ apartment that Mr. Stark lives in but my mom thinks he’s going to let us live there this season. Down the other hall are the employees’ bedrooms, two to a room like a college dorm. And check this out over here.”
Kevin walked straight to the bottom of the stairs and opened a small, three-foot high door to a small space under the stairs and landing. A little light went on automatically, like opening the refrigerator, and there was a string to pull to switch on another brighter light bulb. Missy peered in. It was full of pre-school toys, a tiny table, and two little chairs. 
“Cute,” she said. “It hides the rug-rats.”
“That’s not all it hides,” Kevin said with a little smirk on his face. “You want to see the guests’ rooms?”
“Sure.”
They backed out of the small space and Kevin bounded up the doublewide staircase two steps at a time. There was a large landing with a bench, a bookcase, and a brightly lit wall sconce and then the steps continued up to the second floor. It was rather dark in the hallway with all of the rooms’ doors closed. Kevin went to the first door and pushed it open. It was charming. The carpet was a forest green but there were throw rugs with bright, colorful scenes. The walls were paneled in light knotty pine. The dresser was made of pine, too, and the drawers’ handles looked like small branches. The two double beds were separated by a pine table with a deer antler lamp. There were a table and two chairs near the windows which were framed by heavy green drapes. Behind the door on the left was a bathroom. Missy walked to the window and looked out.  She could see the little cabins, the lake, the Snack Shack, the stone cottage on the other side of the lake and something else off in the distance to the right.
“What’s that?” she pointed.
“Good eye,” Kevin responded, “it’s the closest thing we have to a mountain around here. We call it Mount Rocky. I’ve gone there climbing a bunch with my dad. It’s pretty cool.” Kevin looked shyly at her and said, “Maybe you could go with us when you’re here for the summer.”
Missy was confused. “I’m not going to be here for the summer. My mom works hard but I know we couldn’t afford to stay here.”
Kevin had that smirk on his face like he knew something that she didn’t know. All he said was, “We’ll see.” He turned and headed for the door saying over his shoulder, “The rest of the rooms on this floor are pretty much like this one but the third floor rooms are really nice.”
She followed him again and this time she took the stairs to the third floor two at a time, too. He didn’t open the first room they came to but instead walked to the end of the hall and opened the second to the last door. It was a two-room suite, much larger and brighter. The ceiling seemed higher, too. Again Missy went to the window and looked out. Now she could see the “mountain” better. It would be so cool to stay here and explore, she thought. Kevin was pointing to the left. “See that trail past the last cabin? That leads to the stables and where I live.”
“Oh,” she paused, “well, anything else to see here? What’s behind that last door? It didn’t seem like there’s enough room there for another suite.”
“It’s a linen room . . . and the way to the attic.”
“What’s up there?”
“Ghosts.”
Missy rolled her eyes. “Yeah, right. You afraid?”
Kevin wasn’t about to be teased by a girl. He reached for the knob but it wouldn’t turn. “It’s locked.”
“So open it, you’ve got a key.”
“This was the key to the side door, it won’t open the linen closet.” He jangled the silver key and penlight in front of her face.
“How do you know if you don’t try?” She grabbed the key from his hand and stuck it roughly in the keyhole. She wiggled it back and forth and pushed on the door. It flew open. She wasn’t about to tell him that the door was still locked, it just hadn’t been closed all the way.
There were shelves and shelves of sheets, blankets, towels, soap, and toilet paper. Looking up they could see that they would have a big problem getting into the attic. There was no cord to pull on to lower the fold-down ladder. They would need a pole with a hook on the end to catch the metal ring on the attic door.
“Darn,” Missy said, “I really would have loved to explore an old attic.”
“Well,” Kevin paused, “if you really want to get in there, there is another way. But it’s kind of scary.” He hesitated, “And I don’t know if I should show you. It’s a secret Mr. Stark showed me. My parents don’t even know.”
Now Missy really wanted to know. She said, “But I’m family. He wouldn’t mind.”
“Well . . . okay.” He laughed and challenged her to a race down the stairs. She bounded after him but it was no contest when he leaped onto the banister and slid to the first landing. 
“Hey, no fair!” she hollered. She hopped onto the banister and slid, much more slowly, after him. 
When they reached the lobby/living room he went back to the little room under the stairs. “In here.” He lifted a poster of Snoopy and revealed a narrow door. It was latched at the top where a toddler couldn’t reach, but Kevin easily unhooked it. “This is where the penlight comes in handy.” He switched it on and started up a steep circular metal stairway. It was like a long firehouse pole with narrow steel steps bolted to it. There was no railing and Missy went up only three steps before she started grabbing the next steps with her hands and sort of crab-crawled upwards. After a few more feet she looked up at Kevin who had stopped and was looking straight down on her between the steps. “Scary, huh?” he smirked. The light from below didn’t reach much past his head and she couldn’t see the top but there were two pinpricks of light coming through the wall about one-third and two-thirds of the way up. She wasn’t sure if she went up she would be able to get back down. She thought she would have to come back backwards on her hands and knees, as there was no way she could walk forward and twist and turn around the pole. 
“Yeah, this is pretty scary,” she confessed. “I don’t know if I want to do this anymore.”
Kevin switched on the penlight and shined it at the wall. “See that hole? That light is coming in where the lamp on the wall is at the first landing. You can spy on people, listen to them, see what they’re reading. It’s kind of fun. Come on.”
Missy wasn’t tempted. Maybe if there had been someone to spy on she would have found the courage but she just plain felt scared. Her mother had drilled into that if she didn’t feel right about something, she shouldn’t do it. Trust yourself, her mom would say, people have instincts just like animals. 
“I don’t think so,” was all that Missy said.
Luckily Kevin wasn’t the sort of kid who would bully someone and he seemed to understand her fear. “Okay, you go back and take the stairs. I’ll go up this way and open the trap door ladder from the attic.”
Missy inched her way backwards and managed to turn herself around for the last few steps. She ran up the first flight and a half and stopped at the second landing to see if she could find where the light was coming through.
“Kevin!” she yelled. “Can you hear me?” She knocked on the wall.
His muffled voice came back, “Yeah, look through the hole under the bottom screw on the light.”
She put her face up to the wall and pressed her right cheek to the metal. It was dark and she couldn’t see a thing through the wall when suddenly Kevin shined the penlight directly into her pupil. She jumped back. “Hey!” She could hear Kevin laughing on the other side.
On the third floor she went to the end of the hall where they had left the door to the linen room open. She could hear his footsteps above her and then the attic door swung open and the ladder came down. It was a lot easier to climb than the spiral stairs and she scampered up them easily. 
Kevin had moved to the side and was reaching for a string that turned on a light bulb overhead. Then he walked past her to the other side and turned on another one. A small amount of light was coming in through some vents.
“This is a good time to explore,” he said, “because it’s about a hundred degrees up here in the summer.”
“Show me where you came up the hidden staircase,” Missy said.
He led her over to the front middle of the large expanse and pointed the penlight at a trap door in the floor. There was no handle, just a knothole in the wood that served as a finger hold to lift the door. 
“I can see why it’s a secret,” she said. “It’s practically invisible.”
Missy turned and looked around the attic. She saw a lot of big boxes, two trunks, a crib, four mattresses, and some old furniture. Near the far wall the floor and several shelves were littered with odd-looking mechanical things, some quite large. The trunks looked the most interesting, however. One was gray with a big keyhole but it wasn’t locked. Inside she found a fur coat. Genuine muskrat, the tag said. 
“This is cool,” she said. She put the coat on and knelt back down at the trunk. There was a packet of papers tied with a string, a small metal box full of medals, an old photo album and some yellowed newspapers. She thumbed through the album and put it back. One newspaper was dated thirty years ago but she didn’t check the other ones. She put everything back except the muskrat coat and turned her attention to the other trunk. Kevin had already opened it and was taking things out; a dress, two hats, some strange looking pants.
“Ooooo,” Missy said, “I know what those are. Those are old-fashioned riding pants. They’re kind of puffed out at the sides and tight below the knees.”
“Must be from when they had the stables filled with horses. They rode English style not western.”
There were more articles of clothing in the trunk and at the bottom they found nicely framed pictures of people. Some were in color but most of them were in black and white. They didn’t recognize anyone in the pictures but Missy suspected that the tall gentleman with the black beard was probably her great-grandfather, which would mean that the lady next to him was her great-grandmother. She was very pretty and mysterious looking.
They put everything back and closed the trunk’s lid. Missy was thinking that this weekend had turned out pretty fun after all. She liked Kevin and he seemed to be easy to get along with even though a few times he acted like he knew more than she did. She smiled to herself and ran her hands up and down the arms of the fur coat. It was so soft. There were big pockets on the sides and she reached her fingers into them. She could feel the silk lining in each but the left one had a small tear in the seam. She slipped her arms out of the coat and took it off. She folded it in half like it had been and put it back in the first trunk. As she patted it down to fit into the trunk she felt something hard in the hem. She pressed the object between her fingers trying to determine what it was.
“Hey, Kevin,” she called, “come here.” 
Kevin got up from the floor where he was looking through a box marked comic books.
“Feel this,” Missy said and held up the bottom of the coat.
“Feels like a key.”
“I think it was in the pocket and slipped through a hole. I wonder what it opens.” She had already reached one hand into the pocket and was working the key towards it with the other hand. “There! I got it!” She pulled out a most strange looking key. 
Just then they could hear that clanging sound made by the triangle on Mr. Stark’s porch. 
“Oh, oh,” Kevin said, “we’d better get back.” He ran over to the lights and pulled the strings to turn them off. Missy went down the attic ladder first. When Kevin reached the bottom he gave the ladder a push and the whole thing sprang back up. It banged loudly.
“Oh, well,” Kevin said, “no big deal.”
When they got back to the cabin they were red-faced and panting. Kevin kept on trotting past the cabin and yelled, “Bye! See you this summer!” 
Missy didn’t know what to say so she just waved and said, “See ya.” She still held the strange key in her hand when she entered the cabin.
“Mom, wait till you see the lodge. It is awesome.” She removed her shoes and jacket and held out her hand to reveal the odd key. “Look what we found in an old fur coat in the attic.”
Her great-grandfather grinned. “Finders keepers,” he said. “Maybe you’ll want to keep that in this treasure box. It was your father’s when he was a boy.” He was holding out a wooden puzzle box about the size of a large shoebox. Missy reached out her hands and took the box.
“May I keep it?” she asked. 
“Of course,” he answered. “But I’ve got to warn you, I’ve forgotten how to open it. Your dad and I made that together a long time ago. I have no idea what treasures or secrets he had in there. You have to move the pieces in just the right sequence or it won’t open. Good luck.”
Missy was intrigued. She wanted to start working on the mystery immediately but her mother was saying something about getting their bag out of the car and settling in to the second cabin. They were going to spend the night.
“Thank you so much, Great-Grandpa. And I really like your lodge. This is a cool place but don’t you get lonely in the winter?”
He chuckled. “I don’t have time. I’m always busy making something, tinkering with something, inventing something . . . making more secrets and mysteries.” He laughed again. “And I’ve really gotten attached to that computer there, too. Pretty good for an old man, huh?”
“Yeah,” Missy agreed, “I didn’t think hundred year old people used computers.”
Missy’s mother’s face looked stricken and the old man seemed not able to suck in any air. Then suddenly he laughed the most uproarious laugh of all. “Is that how old you think I am? Maybe I should shave this beard and stick it on top of my head! I’ve got more than a dozen years before I see one hundred. But that’s okay. Did Kevin tell you to say that?”
He was still laughing but Missy was embarrassed. She didn’t mean to offend him. Well, at least he didn’t seem offended but she couldn’t get an apology out of her mouth or even a word in defense of Kevin. Her mother rescued her by blaming the misunderstanding on something she had heard about how old the lodge was. She managed to turn the whole thing into a compliment about how he must have been a really smart businessman at an early age to have been able to afford to build the lodge. Actually that wasn’t so far from the truth. Apparently he had been, and maybe still was, a gifted inventor. Something he had patented as a young man was still bringing in money.
They stayed that night in the second little cabin and had a nice breakfast with Mr. Stark on Sunday morning. She didn’t see Kevin again but shyly asked her great-grandfather a few questions about him.
“Oh, I’ll just let him answer your questions when you come back in June,” he said.
Missy looked quickly at her mother who was smiling and nodding her head. “You can stay a week, two weeks, the whole summer if you want,” her mom was saying. “It’s up to you. Your great-grandfather and I discussed this yesterday. But you have to work in the kitchen some mornings and help the maids, too. What do you think? Would you like to spend the summer at Big Pine Lodge?”
“You’ll stay in one of the maids’ rooms,” her great-grandfather added. 
“Are you coming, too, Mom?” she asked.
“Weekends and one week in August.”
“Great!” Missy hooted. “Great! This will be really fun.”
Chapter 4
The rest of the school year went quickly for Missy. She wore the strange key on a silver chain around her neck as if it were a pendant. She worked on trying to open the puzzle box everyday after her homework was done. After three weeks of getting nowhere with it she went to the public library and started researching puzzle boxes. She found a book on antiques that showed many beautiful examples but no clues on how to open them. The head media specialist helped her search the Internet and they found a site that offered a book of instructions on how to construct your own. The specialist was so intrigued that she ordered a copy for the library and put a hold on it in Missy’s name. Missy had to wait impatiently another three weeks before it came in.
It was a warm day in early May and Missy had unsuccessfully compared almost all of the construction plans to her father’s box when she came upon one that seemed similar. She looked at the end product and worked backwards through the assembly to visualize the sequence to open the box. She took out a notebook and wrote down the steps as she moved and turned and twisted and lifted the individual pieces. Slowly the box seemed to be opening and she had a dozen pieces spread out on her bedroom floor, but the final piece would not slide or budge. She sat staring at it until it occurred to her that if her crafty great-grandfather had been an inventor he probably would have made this box to be unique. The last piece wouldn’t slide or turn or twist or lift off so she did exactly what you wouldn’t expect: she pushed the piece in hard. Wow, she thought, I got it!  Pushing in the last piece triggered a tiny mechanism to release a hinge on the side of the box. It literally fell open like the trapdoor leading to the lodge’s attic.
She poured the treasured objects out onto the carpet. Her father had thought that these items were precious enough to hide away in a box almost impossible to open and this was a moment that she could feel really connected to him. 
There were seven things. First there was an old photo of a girl about thirteen or fourteen. It was a school picture and on the back was written I’ll never forget how scared we were in the caves! See you next summer, Mary. This was interesting. It was hard to think of her parents ever being her age, having friends, even being scared. She wondered if her dad had liked Mary in a special way and if they had seen each other the next summer.
The next item answered that question. It was an old newspaper clipping about a drowning. The victim’s name was Mary Gowen and the picture of her was the same school photo. How sad! Her father must have felt really bad. The article said that her body was never recovered. 
The next four items in the puzzle box seemed sentimental: a badminton birdie, a broken wishbone, a perfectly round skipping stone, and a tiny silver hat from a Monopoly game. 
The last thing was a Swiss Army knife full of all sorts of gadgets. She had never held one in her hand before though she had seen her uncle use one to help open packages at Christmas. She turned the knife over and over in her hands and pulled out all the little tools one by one. She couldn’t identify a few of the thingamajigs but she thought that she could ask her great-grandfather all about the knife and about the girl who drowned when she spent the summer at the lodge. It was still a month away but Missy was getting more excited with every passing day.
She carefully returned all of the articles to the puzzle box and closed the side hatch. She followed the directions she had written out to put the box back together. Every day she practiced opening and closing the box until she could do it without the instructions and do it fast. On the night before the drive up to Big Pine Lodge she took the key from the chain around her neck and added it to the treasures in the puzzle box. She hardly slept a wink that night.
Chapter 5
The long drive up to the lodge seemed to be shorter this time as Missy and her mom chatted nonstop. They would both miss the other a lot and they were doing all of their summer talks at once. Missy poured her heart out about the school year that had just ended and her mother gave her the appropriate sympathies. Missy hadn’t shared the knowledge of the contents of her father’s treasure box with her mom yet so while her mom’s eyes were fixed on the highway she opened it. She read the newspaper clipping aloud and her mom glanced over at the photo of Mary. Her husband had never told her anything about the lodge so she wasn’t surprised that he’d never spoken of this friend. She laughed when she saw the other items and told Missy that when they were dating they used to play Monopoly and he had always insisted on being the hat. They both were silent for a while as each wished that she could talk with him now. 
Missy put everything back into the box and closed it up just as they exited the highway. The scenery was certainly different from that snowy day in March. When they saw the Starkville sign they knew they weren’t far. There was a new sign at the last turn announcing Big Pine Lodge, open May to September, turn here. The road seemed even narrower than it did before since all the ferns along the side leaned into the lane as if they wanted to touch every visitor’s car. Mrs. Stark was nervous again about meeting up with another car but Missy was in awe of the surrounding forest. The pine trees that had been so prominent in March were less visible now that the Maple and Oak trees had completely leafed out. As they passed the fort it was half obscured by the two-foot high ferns. Missy rolled down her window and breathed in the warm mid-June air. There was a distinct aroma to the woods that was very appealing and the songs of the birds were amazing. One in particular sounded so haunting that she thought it was warning her off. Just then her mother stepped hard on the brakes. Three deer darted across the lane and disappeared instantly in the thick woods. 
“Wow. That was close. And I was worried about hitting another car,” her mom said.
They drove up to the front of the lodge and parked. Kevin was on a porch swing waiting and immediately jumped up and waved. He scampered down the steps and greeted them with a grin, “Hi! Come on. I’ll take you to your great-grandfather. He hasn’t been feeling well. I’ll show you your room. You’re going to love it here. Wait ‘til you see what we made.” He had so much to say he rattled it out faster than they could hear it all.
“Hi, Kevin. What’s wrong with Mr. Stark?” Missy’s mom asked
“Hi, Kevin. What’d you make?” Missy asked at the same time.
Kevin slowed down and answered Mrs. Stark first. “He’s been having some trouble breathing but the doctor said not to worry, it was the stress of opening for another season. He’s in the dining room now.” He looked at Missy and said, “You won’t believe it. Mr. Stark helped me make an elevator for the tree house. And it’s invisible so you have to know the secret to work it.”
“Sounds cool,” Missy smiled.
Kevin helped them with their bags and led them first to Missy’s room. It was in the servants’ wing on the first floor. “You’re sharing with Angela,” Kevin said, pushing the door open. “She left it unlocked for you. She’s finishing up in the kitchen now.” They set the bags on the second twin bed and said, “You’ll like Angela. She just finished her freshman year at college and she’s the nicest one of the five maids. But you’ll like them all. There’s Danielle, Lindsay, Courtney, and Alicia. They wait tables, clean rooms, and make beds. They rotate chores. There’s a schedule right there.” He pointed to a paper on the nightstand. “They all have the afternoons off until 5 o’clock when they help with the buffet. So you’ll be able to meet them in a little while.”
Missy picked up the schedule. Her name was on it, too, but her duties ended before noon. It didn’t look too hard and she felt good about earning her keep: free meals and room and freedom for the summer. It occurred to her at that moment that she was going to be as independent as one of these college girls.
Her mother must have been reading her mind. “You still have a bedtime, Missy. I’ve already talked to Mrs. Jackson, Kevin’s mom, on the phone and you are to check in with her throughout the day. Okay?” Without waiting for an answer Mrs. Stark looked at Kevin and asked when they could meet his mother. Kevin jumped off the end of the wooden footboard of the twin bed he had been perched on and motioned for them to follow him.
“She’s probably going over receipts with your great-grandfather. They’re in the dining room.” They followed him down the hallway and through the lovely reception area/ living room. Mrs. Stark hadn’t seen it before and slowed her pace down to take in the detail of the quaint lodge. They entered the dining room where there were still a few people finishing up lunch. At the table nearest the kitchen sat Mrs. Jackson and John Stark. Mrs. Jackson was a nice-looking lady with medium length brown hair. She was wearing khaki pants, a red shirt with the name of the lodge on the front, and a belt that held a beeper, a phone, and a huge ring of keys. She had the same smile as Kevin and stood up to greet them. After the introductions were completed they all sat around the table and chatted for a while. Missy thought that her great-grandfather looked paler but he acted the same as before. His beard was trimmed up quite a bit, though. He seemed as excited as Kevin to show her the tree fort elevator so the three of them left the two mothers and went outside.
“You’re not going to believe this,” said Kevin. He and Missy had run ahead of Mr. Stark and were at the base of the tree. Missy walked around and around the tree. She could see the platform high above and the steps on the one side. The steps had rope coming down along each side, but where was the elevator?
“All right,” she said, “I give up. What’s the joke?”
Mr. Stark joined them and was coughing a little bit but smiling. “Show her, Kevin.”
Kevin pointed to the bark at the bottom of the tree. “Look really close.” Missy knelt down in the thin grass and got close to the ground. Now she could see that the bark appeared fake. She reached her left hand out and felt up and down the bark of the tree. She could feel a difference.
“Stumped?” Kevin asked.
“Ha!” Mr. Stark laughed. “Kevin you made a joke!”
“Yeah, I’m “stumped”. What’s the trick? I can feel a difference, though,” Missy said.
Mr. Stark steadied himself on the tree trunk while Kevin pressed two spots on the left of where Missy’s hand had been and two spots on the right. Suddenly a one foot by two foot section of false bark popped free of the tree and the ropes along the steps swung out. Kevin stepped onto the tiny platform and held the ropes. The elevator started to ascend. 
Missy, open-mouthed, stared upward, “This is so cool!”
Kevin reached the top and called down, “Your great-grandfather knows everything about pulleys and weights and levers and mechanisms. This project only took us two weeks this spring.” He was on his way back down now and Missy was eager to try it out.
“You better sit on it like a swing the first time, legs out away from the tree.”
Missy rode it several times sitting down and then dared to go up standing, facing the tree. That way she could step out onto the fort above and check it out, too. She felt just a little dizzy but swallowed hard and took a deep breath. The view from the fort wasn’t what she expected. There were so many leaves that she couldn’t see much, but then no one could see her either. She realized that it was really pretty nice of Kevin to share this place with her. Maybe he didn’t have any more friends than she did. She heard them laughing below and then the sound of her great-grandfather coughing. The coughing seemed to get fainter and fainter as if he were heading back to the lodge. Suddenly Kevin appeared. He had climbed up the steps.
“Oh, you startled me,” Missy said.
“Sorry, but you didn’t send the elevator back. I’m thinking we should get rid of the steps so no one can sneak up. What do you think?”
Missy was pleased that he was asking for her opinion. They sat up there and talked about forts and spying, her duties, his snack shop job, school, parents, and just about anything that came to mind. Missy learned a lot more about her great-grandfather and the lodge. The Stark land, woods, lodge, lake and all, covered two square miles. She started to ask about swimming and boating in the lake when Kevin got a funny look on his face and said, “Oh, oh, I’ve got to open the Snack Shack!” He helped her into the elevator then took the steps. He showed her how to press the bark platform back into its hiding place then waved as he hurried around the lodge to the beach.
Missy smiled to herself and then looked all around at the beautiful surroundings. When she looked up at the lodge she saw a face in one of the windows looking down at her. He was maybe a high school boy, fifteen, sixteen. His hair was longish and he didn’t look pleasant. He was squinting at her from the third floor and she felt very uncomfortable. Had he seen the elevator?

You have finished the first 5 chapters of THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE. This book is available in paperback and online in digital e-book format. It is the first in BIG PINE LODGE series and is followed by MYSTERY’S GRAVE and BULLIES AND BEARS. 

Next up is a sampling of the first 5 chapters from BULLIES AND BEARS.
BULLIES AND BEARS 
Chapter 1
At the side of the narrow road leading in to Big Pine Lodge was an old wooden structure. Real logs had been set vertically into the ground and their tops had been cut into points. There were small slit-like window openings on the two sides that could be seen from the road. Missy was enthralled with the crude structure. It was about the size of a kid’s playhouse. It would be a neat place to spy on visitors, she had thought the first time she had driven by with her mother last March.  There had been snow on the ground then and she had seen Kevin’s tracks. He had turned out to be a good friend to her when she had moved up to Big Pine Lodge in June, but he had been spying on her back then. Right now she and Kevin were settling into the little fort with a picnic lunch of sandwiches, cheese, and bottled water. Kevin had warned her that the guests arriving for the Fourth of July week included a bunch of teenage boys that weren’t exactly nice and they were watching for their arrival from the fort.
Missy’s great-grandfather owned Big Pine Lodge. It was a quaint resort on a small lake and boasted a large lodge, several smaller cabins and lots of fun things to do. There were caves that ran under the lake, old Indian graves and settlers’ ruins, and, to Missy’s great delight, a stable of horses that she was in charge of. Kevin’s parents ran the lodge as employees of Mr. Stark’s and Kevin earned spending money by selling snacks and drinks on the beach. The two twelve-year-olds had already this summer been involved in two adventures. First they had discovered ancient pictographs in the caves and found hidden entrances to the caves themselves. Later they had helped capture wild bobcats that were scaring the lodges’ guests. 
Missy had made several friends this summer, but after a week or two their vacations were over and they would go back to their homes. Missy was glad she got along so well with Kevin or she would have been very lonely staying with just her great-grandfather. Her mother was back in the city working and would visit occasionally. Missy’s dad had died when she was four, but he had grown up coming here. For Missy, working here in the summer was a way for her to kind of get to know him. She had already learned a lot about him from a diary her great-grandmother had left as well as a secret puzzle box that her father had used to hide things that were special to him.
“Hey,” Kevin said, “Can I borrow your Swiss army knife a second?”
Missy pulled it out of her pocket and handed it over. It was the most useful thing that her dad had left in the secret puzzle box. The other items had been more sentimental: a school picture of a friend, a newspaper article, a round skipping stone, a badminton birdie, a broken wishbone and a tiny silver hat from a Monopoly game. She had taken the items out often and thought about her dad. It was weird to think of him being her age, but it was an interesting change to just knowing him through her mom’s wedding photos.
Kevin used one of the gadgets on the knife to pry off the plastic seal on his bottle then passed it back to Missy.
“This fort would be really cool if it had a roof,” Missy said as she unwrapped her sandwich.
“My dad uses it in the fall as a deer blind. He got a six point buck last year,” Kevin said.
Missy was a little upset to think that people could shoot those beautiful animals, but Kevin seemed proud and added, “Next year I’m taking a hunter safety class so I can hunt, too.”
Missy just nodded and kept her feelings to herself. She took a big bite so she wouldn’t have to answer and swiveled on her pine stump perch to glance out one of the little spying windows. A car was coming. They could hear the crunch of gravel as it turned onto the little lane that led to the lodge. A second crunch indicated that another vehicle was following the first.
Kevin pulled up two large ferns and thrust one at Missy. They held the ferns in front of their faces as camouflage as they peered out at the passing cars. The first one held two sets of parents, none of whom even glanced at the fort. The second car bounced along with its windows open and four boys laughing and cursing inside. The one in the front passenger seat pointed at the fort and from the back seat another boy stuck first his head out the window and then his hand. He flicked the butt of a cigarette toward the fort and yelled, “We see you!”
Missy ducked down and dropped the fern, but Kevin stayed steady. The car rambled on and the noise of the boisterous teens faded.
Kevin scolded Missy, “You shouldn’t have moved, Missy, they couldn’t see us. They were just guessing that I’d be here. They yelled that last year, but I was in the tree on the other side of the road. They’re such jerks. Rob had his license last summer and now it looks like Dave does, too.”
“Dave was the one driving?” Missy asked. “I couldn’t see him. Who was the one who threw out the cigarette?”
“That was Lonnie. He’s not too bad, but his brother Dave is mean. And the other two brothers, Rob and Rick, are just plain weird. I don’t trust them. They’ll do whatever Dave tells them to do.”
“Like what?”
“Like the first summer both families came up together they tied me to a tree and piled up campfire wood around me. They would have lit it, too, but Dave had kept the matches in his pocket and had gone swimming earlier so they were too wet to light.”
“What did your parents do when they found out?”
“I didn’t tell them because Dave said he’d get me if I did.”
Missy thought about that for a minute and glanced back out the little window toward the road. “Oh, no!” she screamed. She leaped up and grabbed Kevin’s open water bottle and ran out the back of the fort. She skirted around it and stopped where the cigarette had landed and started pouring the water on the small fire that had started in the dry leaves. “That was close!” she exclaimed as Kevin reached her. They both stomped around on the ground until they were sure there weren’t any sparks left that would start another fire.
“Man, that would have been a disaster,” Kevin said, brushing back a lock of his curly brown hair that had fallen in his eyes. “We’re going to have to watch those jerks all the time. No telling what they’ll do.”
“Let’s be sneaky about it,” Missy said, “I don’t want to get tied up and burned.”
“Right.”

The adults were unloading the luggage from the trunks of both cars while the four boys, Dave and Rob in the lead, headed around the lodge to the beach. No way were they going to help by carrying stuff in. They got out of earshot as fast as they could.
Dave pointed at a couple of girls on the beach and made a rude comment about one to Rob who laughed loudly. Lonnie and Ricky pushed past them and ran for the canoes.
“I don’t think so, little brothers,” Dave yelled. He punched Rob on the arm. “Come on. Let’s beat them.”
The older boys quickly outpaced the younger ones and reached the pair of canoes first. They shoved one canoe out then jumped into the second one and started paddling. As they came along side the first canoe Dave reached out and tipped it over with the paddle. They laughed as they watched it fill with water and sink.
“Hey, I’m telling Dad you’re not wearing life jackets,” Lonnie hollered. His older brother, Dave, just looked back and raised up one finger. “Jerk,” Lonnie muttered.
Ricky had already removed his socks and shoes and told Lonnie to do the same. “Come on,” he said, “we can still get the canoe. It’s not deep there.”
From the back porch of the lodge old Mr. Stark stood shaking his head. He dreaded seeing these two families return to the lodge each year. The boys were nothing but trouble and the parents were loud partiers and never disciplined their sons. Already he could see people near the shore picking up their beach towels and relocating to a quieter spot. Kevin’s parents, the Jacksons, would have to smooth things over with the other guests when the complaints started coming in. If things didn’t improve this year he would just have to double the rates for them, though getting twice as much money might not be worth it.
“Hi, Great-grandpa,” Missy said as she and Kevin came around the lodge.
“Hi, Mr. Stark,” Kevin added, then stopped to stare out at the boys in the canoes. “Hey, they’re not wearing life preservers. Should I go get dad?”
Old Mr. Stark made a grunt-like sound then said, “Don’t bother, Kevin, I’ll go say something to their parents.” He reached out and touched Missy’s shoulder affectionately and smiled at her as he turned toward the door. Then he muttered, “Not that it’ll do any good with those rapscallions.” 
After the door closed Kevin asked Missy, “What’s a rapscallion?”
She just shrugged her shoulders. “Guess it’s something bad.”
Out on the lake Ricky was holding onto the canoe, which was now floating upright, while Lonnie was retrieving the paddles from the shoreline. The older boys were almost halfway across the small lake heading straight for the little stone cottage on the other side. Lonnie and Dave’s mother, Mrs. Gilbert, came out of the lodge holding four life vests and shouting in a shrill voice, “You boys get back here and put these life jackets on!” The younger boys protested that they could swim just fine and didn’t need them. “Rules are rules, now you behave. Put these on and take the other two out to your brothers.”
Lonnie and Ricky looked at each other and mumbled something that Kevin and Missy, who were watching intently, couldn’t hear. Mrs. Gilbert hurried toward the lake and hollered to the older boys out on the water. “We can’t hear you!” they hollered back and kept paddling. She shouted louder and they just kept paddling away. 
Kevin rolled his eyes at Missy and said, “Man, would I be in trouble if I lied to my parents like that.”
“Me, too.”
The younger boys pulled the canoe onto the beach and dropped the paddles. “We’re gonna check out the trails, Mom. See ya,” Lonnie said and he and Ricky slipped their shoes and socks back on and raced off towards the woods. Mrs. Gilbert just stood there for a moment debating whether or not to keep yelling at the older boys. Finally she turned around and carried the jackets back to the lodge.
“What do you think they’ll do in the woods?” Missy asked Kevin.
“I don’t know, but I’m more worried about Dave and Rob. They’re headed for the stone cottage and the entrance to the caves. They’re such jerks that they’d probably love to ruin the ancient drawings that are down there, once they find out about them.” Kevin glanced toward the trail along the beach. “I bet I know where the younger brothers are going. If they run they can beat the canoes to the other side. Come on, let’s go follow them.”
Without a second’s hesitation Missy took off after Kevin. The hard-packed earth on the trail was easy to run on as long as they didn’t trip on any of the roots or rocks that littered the path. They slowed down every time the trail took a sharp turn, but otherwise they kept a pretty fast pace with Kevin in the lead. There were several other trails that forked off and led to various destinations such as the Indian graves and the old settlers’ ruins, but they kept taking the left fork, staying close to the lake. 
“Tell me again which one is which?” Missy said. Kevin took a moment to think of the best way to describe them then told her that she could remember easiest by linking the first letter of their names to a feature. Dave was dark. He had dark hair and eyes and a dark personality. His brother Lonnie was little. He was the shortest of the four. His hair was more of reddish brown and he actually looked like he belonged in Rob and Ricky’s family instead. Rob and Ricky had the same first initial and were both red-heads, but Ricky, the younger brother had freckles and was still a little pudgy. “Okay,” Missy said, “I think I’ve got them straight.”
They almost caught up to Lonnie and Ricky when the trail opened up to the yard around the stone cottage. Kevin slowed down before they reached the open area and he and Missy ducked down behind a big boulder that was wedged between two large oak trees. They could see the seventeen-year-olds just reaching the shore in the canoe while the fifteen-year-olds were standing at the door to the cottage yelling at their older brothers.
“Man, are you slow!” Lonnie shouted.
“Yeah, you row like girls,” Ricky added.
“You row a boat. You PADDLE a canoe, you A-holes.” Dave yelled. 
“Yeah, YOU’RE the little girls here, you morons. Just wait till we get you!” Rob added. He and Dave tossed the paddles on the shore after they beached the canoe and started racing to the cottage. 
Lonnie and Ricky ducked inside and Ricky opened the trap door to the cellar, but Lonnie grabbed Ricky’s sleeve and pulled him away from the opening. He motioned for him to follow him and they slipped around the corner and hid in what was once a small bedroom. They were quiet and motionless when they heard their brothers barge into the front room and scramble down the ladder into the cellar and the access to the caves. 
Lonnie looked at Ricky and whispered, “Let’s put something heavy on the trap door so they can’t get out.”
“What if somebody else is down there?’
“So?”
“Is there another way out?”
“Who cares? Somebody’ll come along sooner or later.”
“Shhh. Wait. I think I heard something.”
Missy and Kevin creaked the front door open and tiptoed into the cottage. They were whispering, too. Kevin checked the box of flashlights that they kept there and counted how many were left.
“They’re all here,” he whispered. “They didn’t know about the flashlights. They’ll probably use their cigarette lighters or one of the candles that are in the cellar.” He handed Missy a small flashlight and she tucked it into her back pocket.
“I don’t think I want to go down there,” she said. “I’m not scared. I just don’t think it’s a good idea.” 
Kevin picked up a large flashlight and was about to whisper back when Ricky and Lonnie stepped around the corner. “Well, well, well,” Lonnie said, “if it isn’t little Mr. Jackson, son of big Mr. Jackson. Look, Ricky, the little snot-nosed kid got himself a girlfriend.”
“Down the hatch, you two,” Ricky said, gesturing toward the trap door. Lonnie reached out and grabbed the flashlight out of Kevin’s hand then pushed him toward the opening. “Ladies first,” he said, still pushing Kevin ahead of Missy. Missy followed, but was able to keep facing them so they couldn’t see the flashlight in her back pocket. She said nothing as she climbed down. She didn’t even dare to look them in the eye though she was mad and scared and her heart was fluttering faster than a hummingbird’s wings. When she reached the bottom she backed away from the ladder and bumped into Kevin just as the trap door was closed above them and they were thrust into darkness.
Chapter 2
A large black bear waded across a shallow stream a mile northeast of Big Pine Lodge. Two cute and playful cubs followed her into the water, snapping at each other and biting at the water as well. The mother bear never checked to see if her babies were following her. Maybe she knew from their sounds or their scent or maybe she just knew because they hadn’t been more than a hundred feet away from her since they came out of hibernation four months ago. She had traveled farther from her cave than ever before in her quest for more and more food. Something was drawing her southwest, perhaps a whiff of wild blueberries reaching the end of their ripening in this warm July weather. Or perhaps she could smell the rotting fish guts that Mr. Jackson regularly threw out for the raccoons after he cleaned fish caught by the lodge’s guests. Whatever the reason, the mother bear was slowly and surely heading for Big Pine Lodge as if she were a regular guest with a standing reservation.

Missy and Kevin stood like statues listening to the two jerks above them struggle to drag a rusty old wood stove over the trap door. Ricky and Lonnie laughed loudly and made a point of stomping out of the cottage and slamming the door. They laughed their way to the shore where they picked up the paddles and helped themselves to the canoe. They took their time returning to the lodge, paddling slowly along the shore instead of cutting across the lake, glancing back at the stone cottage from time to time and laughing their heads off.
“They’re gone,” Kevin said, “but their stupid brothers are down here. Now that our eyes have adjusted to the dark maybe we can see the glow of their lighters and know which tunnel they took.”
Missy nodded though Kevin could not see that, then she whispered, “I still have the little flashlight. We can take the tunnels under the lake and come up through the trapdoor in the lodge’s playroom.” They had discovered this entrance the first week of the summer. Though Kevin had shown Missy the secret staircase to the attic, it was Missy who had found a strange key in the attic. That key had opened the playroom’s hidden trap door down to the caves. The cave tunnels ran like a maze under the lodge and the lake and the high hill beyond. There were two other ways out up through Mount Rocky, as they called that high hill, but that would mean a longer walk home. 
Kevin started moving forward out of the cellar and into the dank dark cave. He felt his way with his hands on the cold stone walls. Missy held one arm out in front of herself, her fingertips brushing against Kevin’s back, and her other hand against the stone walls. They took baby steps and rounded the corner. At first it was darker still. There had been a little light seeping through the slats of the trapdoor, but now it was total and complete blackness. They kept up the baby steps. Kevin had impressed Missy the first time they came down here with how well he knew the caves. He never seemed to get lost. Once he had been trapped down here by some awful people who were trying to keep the valuable pictograms undiscovered. He had made his way through the tunnel maze, marking his path choices so he wouldn’t keep going in circles, until finally he reached one of the Mount Rocky exits where Missy and her friend, Jessica, opened an invisible door and rescued him. But now their first concern was avoiding the two older boys who would certainly be meaner than their brothers.

Rob and Dave had entered the caves in a rush to catch their younger brothers and had not seen the box of flashlights. As soon as they had turned the first corner into the tunnels the light from above had vanished and Rob had whipped out his cigarette lighter.
Dave cursed when he remembered that his brother hadn’t given him back his lighter when he was smoking in the car. “They’ve got my lighter. They’re probably way ahead by now,” he said in a low voice. “Give me your lighter. I’ll lead.” 
Dave grabbed Rob’s hand and almost burned himself taking possession of the lighter. He moved out in front and started the chase, stopping every little while to close the lighter to try to see another glow and to listen for voices. They were well out of earshot when Missy and Kevin entered the caves, but that would change because they had taken a tunnel that led under the lake, exactly where Missy and Kevin needed to go.

Out on the lake Lonnie and Ricky were having second thoughts. They didn’t care about imprisoning the little kids, but their brothers were going to beat them up bad if they figured out that they were responsible for trapping them.
“Maybe we should go back and move the stove,” Ricky said. “We can tell them that we were trapped, too, and some other lodge guests let us out.”
Lonnie thought about that for a while. “Nah,” he said, “they’d figure out that was a lie, ‘cuz how did we get out and the stove is still there?”
They paddled some more. Ricky was thinking that Lonnie didn’t make a lot of sense and his own idea was all right, but he didn’t want to get into an argument with him. Though Lonnie was small he was a mean little fighter and if Ricky challenged Lonnie’s reasoning Lonnie might just tip the canoe over in anger. The sun shone down intensely, not a cloud in the sky. A crow cawed loudly and flew from one tree top to another before Ricky ventured another solution: “What if we say that we found another way out and then when they make us go down to the tunnels to show it to them we just act stupid and lost and can’t find it again.”
“Yeah, but they’ll want to know where it came out up here.”
“Oh, yeah, well . . .” Ricky thought some more. He stopped paddling and stared at the clear blue sky then he looked across the lake at the lodge and all the little log cabins. “I know! We’ll say that we came up through a trap door in one of the little cabins and ran out. They won’t dare go in somebody else’s place.”
“Yeah,” Lonnie agreed. “We’ll say it was the first one, the one that old Mr. Stark lives in. Yeah, they’ll believe that.”
They began to paddle again, faster, and headed toward the lodge.

Kevin finally decided that it was safe to turn on the flashlight. He got his bearings and they turned down the tunnel that ran under the lake. One of the first times he brought Missy on this tunnel he had turned out the light to show her just how black it was down here. He knew that if the older brothers were down here they would have to have matches or a lighter to have any chance of finding their way.
They walked without talking. Every time they came to a turn or a fork Kevin stopped and motioned to Missy to listen. Then he turned off the flashlight and they both strained to see any glimmer of light that there might be. They became more and more confident that the older boys had not come in this direction.

“Hey,” Rob said, “we’re gonna get lost down here. We didn’t take any string like we used to, to find our way back.”
“What are you? A sissy?” Dave teased. “Ooo, we’re gonna get lost. Haven’t you noticed the little glow-in-the-dark reflector arrows?”
“Yeah, but they were all pointing the way we came from.”
“Right, you moron, so we can find our way out.” Dave laughed loudly and called Rob several humiliating names. “Come on, little baby, we’ll head back. Lonnie and Ricky must have taken a different tunnel. They’re probably out and in our canoe by now.”

“Shh,” Kevin said, “I hear laughing.” He switched off the light and when their eyes adjusted they could see a faint shimmer. Kevin gave Missy a little push and whispered, “Get back around the corner. They’re coming this way.” 
They stumbled and felt their way around the corner then flattened themselves against the rock wall and waited. Missy’s heart started its hummingbird flapping again.


Dave held the lighter high and illuminated the little reflectors that Mr. Jackson had recently posted. No way would they get lost as long as the lighter held fluid. With that thought he jiggled it a bit and figured it was at least half full. He was kind of glad that he was wasting Rob’s lighter and not his own. If his little brother was using up his lighter he would just make him get another one, that is, steal one from his mom or dad, who both smoked. 
“Is that you breathing so hard, moron?” Dave asked. He looked back at Rob who had stopped and had clamped his hand over his own mouth. Rob pointed with his other hand first to his ear and then down the tunnel. Dave heard it, too. That little bit of noise must be coming from their brothers, probably they were hiding around the corner. Dave motioned to Rob to stay put then he closed the lighter and waited.

Missy and Kevin stayed absolutely still. Missy willed herself to breathe quietly. Rob and Dave were just as still in the total darkness. No one moved. Two, three minutes passed.
“Turn the lighter back on,” Rob finally said, “and let’s go.”
“Yeah, you’re right. Nobody’s down here,” Dave agreed, but he turned the lighter on and mouthed to Rob “they’re right there”. They noisily entered the next tunnel and pretended to head on.

Missy and Kevin slinked around the corner and headed away from the boys and farther down the tunnel under the lake. When there was no more glow from the others’ lighter Kevin switched on the flashlight. “Let’s hurry,” he whispered.

“You were right,” Rob said, “and I think they’ve got a flashlight. Where did they get that?”
“Let’s get those little snots.” 
They jogged in pursuit as fast as they could without the flame blowing out. Dave kept yelling, “We’re gonna get you!”

“Oh, no,” Missy whimpered, “go faster, Kevin.” They were what would have been more than halfway back across the lake only underground, changing tunnels based on the color of the little arrow reflectors. Kevin knew exactly which way would lead to the “end of the tunnels” and the secret escape that he and Missy and their friend Jessica had discovered a few weeks ago. If they could just reach the large cavern they could duck behind the drapery. It hung over the opening completely and hid the entrance. Lettering that had been painted on the cloth announced: The end of the caves. Congratulations! That ought to stop the boys. They would think that they had taken a different route and would keep on searching.

Dave stayed in front of Rob by a couple of feet, but it was hard to follow the faint glow of the flashlight ahead with the lighter in front of his eyes. 
“You go first, Rob,” he said, unwilling to give up the lighter.
Rob passed him and his eyes adjusted to following the fainter glow a dozen yards ahead. “We almost got you!” he shouted and then tripped on some loose gravel and sprawled headlong on the cave floor. Dave stumbled over Rob’s legs and fell, his right knee landing hard on his friend’s back. He reached out his hands to break the fall and the lighter flew to the side and went out.
“Ow, get off me,” Rob grunted. Dave rolled to the right and searched blindly for the lighter.
“Help me search for the lighter. They’re getting away.” Dave stretched out on his belly and extended his arms out moving them side to side as if he were making a face down snow angel. He inched forward and repeated the action two more times before his fingertips felt the smooth side then the hot tip of their only hope of seeing in this cool black darkness.
“Found it.” He got up, lit the lighter and handed it to Rob, who had a smudge of blood on his chin. “You hold it, Miss Tripsy, and I’ll go in front.” They quickly resumed their pursuit.

“Did you hear that?” Missy whispered. “Sounds like they fell down.”
“Yeah, maybe we can get far enough ahead that they won’t know which tunnel we took.” Kevin kept up a steady jog, but they couldn’t go too fast or they would end up like their pursuers, sprawled on the hard rock floor. He thought about ducking into one of the little caverns and turning off their flashlight, but the idea of hiding in what would amount to a dead end closet did not seem wise. It sounded like the guys thought they were chasing their own brothers, but if they caught Missy and him instead, it still wouldn’t be good.
They came to a fork in the tunnels. The left tunnel was a maze of interconnecting routes that looped around without any other exit. The right tunnel would take them to the cavern with the hidden way out. Kevin didn’t hesitate in choosing the right tunnel. Missy stayed close on his heels and they arrived at the cavern without a sound behind them.
Kevin hurried to the drapery that hung over the exit. He held it out and Missy slipped under it and reached up for a handhold. The tunnel up and out was a couple of feet above the floor of the cavern. The drapery that hid it didn’t reach the ground. No one would suspect that the tunnel was even there since all the other tunnels were at the same level. If the older boys found this cavern and saw the drape with its ‘end of the caves’ message it was unlikely that they would guess it concealed a get-away. 
Kevin gave Missy a boost and up she went. She turned and reached for the flashlight and Kevin easily jumped up and into the narrow passageway. Behind him the curtain fell back into place, quivering a little before settling back into its stillness.
They emerged from the tunnel into a smaller cavern that had stalactites and stalagmites. They knew they were just below the lobby of the lodge and all they had to do was climb the ladder and pop through the trapdoor.
“You have the key?” Kevin was still whispering. Missy pulled out a chain from around her neck on which hung two very distinctive keys. She climbed the ladder first and unlocked the trapdoor. She eased it open slowly, praying that no children were playing in this cute little area under the stairs where toys were stored.

Rob and Dave almost reached the fork in the tunnels when Dave stopped and grabbed something off a niche in the cave wall.
“Hey, Rob, look, I think I found a candle.” He held out a small votive candle, slighter larger than the ones his mother used to freshen the bathroom, and Rob held the lighter to the wick.
“Great, now we don’t have to waste any more lighter fluid.” Dave said and Rob closed the cap. He almost stuck it back in his pocket then decided to wait until it cooled a bit first. Dave handed the candle to Rob and reminded him to hold his hand in front of it so it wouldn’t blow out. Dave turned to continue the hunt though there was no longer any ghost of light to follow.
They reached the fork and stared intently down each path, straining their eyes and ears.
“I’m pretty sure they’d have to come back this way to get out. We could just wait here,” Dave said. “Or we could split up and you take the candle and I’ll use the lighter.”
Rob held the candle up high then down low. “I may be wrong,” he said, “but I think they took the right passage. See how it’s scuffed up here?”
Dave agreed and they followed the tunnel to the large cavern.
“What the heck is this?” Rob said and he went right up close to the drapery and read the message by the flickering light.
Dave cursed and blamed Rob for making them go down the wrong tunnel. “They’re probably half way back by now!” He cursed again. He wanted to throw something so he picked up a handful of loose stones and hurled them at the drapery then he plucked the candle from Rob’s hand and led them back through the tunnels.

Lonnie and Ricky reached the lodge’s beach and dragged the canoe up next to the one they had earlier rescued. 
“We forgot one thing,” Ricky said, “they’re gonna want to know how the canoe and paddles got put back.”
“We can shove it back out now, sink it, maybe.”
“Um, I see your mom coming out the back door.” They ran across the beach and ducked into the woods out of her sight.
“Think of something else,” Ricky said.
“Okay,” Lonnie swatted at a mosquito, “I know what we can say. We’ll tell them that we saw Mr. Jackson bringing it back. They won’t talk to him.”
Ricky agreed. “Okay, let’s go check out our room. I’m glad our folks are letting us share. My brother snores.” The boys laughed.
“Let’s stay out here some more,” Lonnie said. Ricky usually let Lonnie have his way so they headed deeper into the woods.

Missy and Kevin were in luck. No little kids were in the playroom and they could emerge, relock the trapdoor and cover it up with a small rag rug. Missy peeked out of the playroom door and found the lobby empty, another bit of luck for them. They dashed through the lobby and cut through the dining room. When they reached the back porch a lady was heading out the screen door and they could see beyond her to the beach where Lonnie and Ricky were stepping out of the canoe. They watched the boys glance toward the lodge then scurry off to the woods.
“Wow,” Missy said, “we beat them back here.”
“Yeah,” Kevin answered, “which means that we can’t beat the brothers back to the stone cottage to move the stove off the trap door. I don’t want to be there when they find out they’re trapped.”
“Maybe it’s time to tell your dad how mean these guys are.” 
“How mean what guys are?” Old Mr. Stark said. He had come up behind them without a sound. 
Kevin and Missy looked at each other first and when Kevin shrugged his shoulders Missy went ahead and told her great-grandfather what the two sets of brothers had just done.
“Well,” the old man said, scratching at his beard and chuckling, “serves those boys right to be trapped down there for a while. A little punishment’s not a bad thing. I don’t suppose the younger brothers would go back and move the stove. No, hmmm,” he paused, “I’ve got an idea. Since we wouldn’t want their parents to panic when they don’t show up for dinner, here’s what you can do.” He bent closer and explained his solution.
Chapter 3
Lonnie and Ricky explored the trails for a long time before sitting down on some mounded earth at the Indian gravesite. 
“I heard they’ve got horses here this summer. Can you ride?” Ricky asked.
“No, can you?”
“No, but it can’t be hard. I wonder where the stables are.”
“You dummy,” Lonnie said, “don’t you remember the barn and corral over there,” he pointed, “on the way to the cemetery?”
“Oh, yeah. Let’s go check it out.” He didn’t like being called a dummy but he let it go.
“Okay, but what about Rob and Dave? And the Jackson kid and the girl?”
“You want to go back and let them out already?” Ricky rolled his eyes. “I thought we agreed on our story.”
“Right.” Lonnie stood up. “Let’s see the stables.”

The mama bear and her cubs had stopped to chomp on some berries. When the patch was thoroughly destroyed they found some soft earth and started digging for grubs. The fur on their backs was filthy with leaves and spider webs, dirt and broken pine needles. Their claws were sharp and their digging was fast and methodical. They sifted through the dirt straining away all but the juicy, squirming grubs, centipedes, millipedes and an occasional earthworm, tasty protein to complement their vegetarian diet.
When the digging got harder one of the cubs started to wander away and the second cub chased after him. Soon mama bear finished her last morsel and turned her attention toward her offspring. She meandered after them, still heading in the general direction of Big Pine Lodge, but a good ways off yet. 
One cub scratched at the bottom of a large leafy oak tree before climbing straight up. The other cub followed closely. What a scare they gave to a bunch of birds that had been resting in the upper branches. The flock rose as one and noisily flew off.

It was still late morning, but in the afternoon Kevin would have to open the Snack Shack, a little hut near the beach where he sold candy and chips and got to keep the profits. Missy had her duties, too. She took care of the stable and guided the guests on horseback rides. She had already cleaned the stable early this morning and no one was scheduled to ride until later so the two of them still had a couple of hours of free time. They liked Mr. Stark’s idea. For a very old man in his eighties he was smart and fun. 
The two friends headed down the path to the stables, but stopped for a minute to pet a couple of the horses in the corral. Blackie was the smallest and friendliest and always available for a nose rubbing. Keno stuck his head over the fence, too, but the other two horses stayed in the center of the corral nibbling on some grass. Missy called their names and tried to coax them over but they ignored the kids.
“I feel like I sort of lied to my dad,” Kevin admitted. Mr. Jackson had agreed to let Kevin and Missy take the six-wheeled vehicle around the lake only after Kevin had told him they were doing a favor for Mr. Stark. “I’m glad he didn’t ask what the favor was.”
“Well, I would have told him it was a surprise. You know we better have an answer ready when we come back. Your dad’ll probably ask you tonight.”
“Think,” Kevin said as he scratched Keno behind the ears just like a dog, “why would we need the six-wheeler?”
Missy stared at the sky for a moment and watched one fluffy cloud change shape without moving on. “I know. We’ll pick some wildflowers. We’ll get enough for a bouquet and you can tell your dad that great-grandpa wants to give them to someone special.”
“Okay,” Kevin said. He gave Keno one more pat and moved off toward the house and garage where he and his family lived when the lodge wasn’t open. Missy followed him feeling a little bad herself for coming up with lies so easily.
The six-wheeled vehicle used to be kept in the stable before Mr. Stark surprised Missy with four horses. Now it was kept in the garage. Its army green color made it look like a small tank. There were three wheels on both sides, a front seat wide enough for two people and two small back seats facing each other. Instead of a steering wheel there were two handlebars that had to be pulled toward the driver to work the right and left brakes independently. Speed was controlled by a gas lever in the right handlebar. Kevin threw something in the backseat and then the kids hopped in and Kevin started it up. He sat on the right side to work the handlebars and Missy, on the left, leaned forward and hung on to a smaller stationary handle with her left hand and put her right hand on the bar that ran along the back of the seat. She was ready for what she knew Kevin would do first and, sure enough, as soon as he was out of the garage he did it. By giving the vehicle a lot of gas with the right handlebar and pulling forward hard with the left handlebar the little tank spun wildly in a tight circle. Then he reversed the spin by letting up on the left handlebar and pulling the right one back. They spun clockwise and Missy would have flown out if she hadn’t been holding tightly to the bars. They both laughed hard and he did a couple more spins and a crazy eight before they headed off down the horse trail and around the west side of the lake. The path was sometimes bumpy and Missy kept a firm grasp with one hand or the other all the time. Kevin had to hold on to both handlebars, but even though, he still bobbed out of the seat once in a while.

Dave and Rob reached the cellar of the stone cottage and struggled to open the trapdoor.
“Those little jerks must’ve put something heavy over this.” They both shouted swear words and warnings and threats to their brothers who they were sure were just above them. They stopped and listened and when they couldn’t detect even a chuckle from above they decided that the boys had gone. They sat down on the cold dirt floor by the ladder and discussed all the terrible things they would do to them when they got their hands on them.
“Shhh. Did you hear that?” Rob said. They listened as the motorcycle-like roar of an engine got louder and louder then stopped. They could hear footsteps on the plank floor. Sure that the people above weren’t their brothers they started yelling for help.
No one answered.

Kevin and Missy walked in to the stone cottage and stared at the stove deciding how best to do what old Mr. Stark had suggested. When the boys below started yelling for help Missy gasped and Kevin smiled. He thought about the time these same boys had tortured him and he was glad that they were feeling helpless.
Quietly they took the rope that Kevin had thrown in the backseat and tied it around the stove, then Kevin looped it around the stove two more times so the stove would slide away and not tip over, just as Mr. Stark had instructed him. Missy followed him out the door as he unwound the rope, laying a trail from the cottage to the vehicle.
“My dad taught me a whole bunch of sailor’s knots last winter,” Kevin explained as he fastened the end of the rope to the seat bar. “When we’re sure that we’ve moved the stove off the trapdoor, you pull this end. See? Then I’ll give it a lot of gas and hopefully we’ll make it to the woods before those goons come out and see us.”
Missy nodded. “Are we just gonna leave the rope?”
“Yeah. I figure they’ll be too angry to take the time to unknot it from the wood stove. We’ll get it later.”
They climbed into the six-wheeler and Kevin slowly gave it some gas. Missy watched the rope tighten up and lift off the ground. She felt the tug when it lost all of its slack and began to pull the stove. She was distracted for a second when a flock of birds flew right over them and landed in the trees nearby.

“Listen,” Rob said, “it’s that motor again. They’re leaving.”
They started yelling “Help!” again then stopped when they heard a scraping sound above.
“Whoever it is, they’re moving something up there,” Dave said. He started pushing up on the trapdoor. It still wouldn’t budge. “Get up here and help me,” Dave ordered.
It was tight, but Rob managed to stand on the rung below Dave and reach up with his hands and push. Dave had his back hunched up and he was using his shoulder for leverage, his face looking down at the top of Rob’s head. Above them the stove was slowly moving, leaving deep scratches in the old wood floor as it circled toward the front door. 
“Harder!” Dave demanded and before the stove was completely out of the way they forced the trapdoor up and toppled the heavy wood stove. The thud was loud enough for Missy and Kevin to hear outside.
Dave leaped through the opening just in time to see the rope go slack and hear an engine roar off. He bolted for the door and, for an instant before they disappeared down the trail, he saw two people in a little green tank.
Rob joined him. “Who was that?”
Dave snorted. “Remember Mr. Jackson’s utility vehicle? The one he wouldn’t let us ride in?” Rob nodded. “Well, his son and somebody else just drove away. I think maybe they were the ones who trapped us down there. Ricky and Lonnie may still be down in the caves.”
Rob turned and looked back at the open trapdoor. Dave met his gaze. “You thinkin’ what I’m thinkin’?”
Rob shut the trapdoor and helped Dave upright the stove and scoot it back over the opening. They high-fived each other and laughed hysterically.

“I think he saw us,” Missy said. “He was probably the one you said was so mean, the one that was driving the car. Dave with dark hair.”
Kevin had to slow down now that they were in the woods, but he was still going faster than he had ever gone on this trail. They bumped and knocked around on the seat, Missy holding on for dear life, until Kevin took a side trail out to the main road.
“I’m not supposed to drive this on the road,” Kevin said, “but there’s never any traffic here and this is an emergency.” 
The smooth road was a relief and it would take them back to the house and stables much faster. 

Rob and Dave were still laughing about pranking their brothers when they got down to the shore. 
“You idiot!” Dave scolded Rob. “You didn’t beach the canoe. It’s floated out somewhere.”
“What are you talking about?” Rob yelled back. “We beached it together and we threw the paddles right here. Somebody took it. How long were we down there anyway?”
Dave was scanning the lake and except for a fisherman in a rowboat there wasn’t anyone else out beyond the swimming area across the lake. “I see both canoes over there. What the . . .?”
“Maybe Ricky and Lonnie did get out first and they took the canoe back.”
“I’m gonna kill ‘em,” Dave growled. He started jogging toward the woods where the little utility vehicle had disappeared a few moments before.
“Wait, why are you going that way? It’s longer.”
“We can catch that tank, that’s why. Come on.”

Kevin turned into the driveway and drove up to the garage. He parked and turned the key off. “Hold your ears,” he warned. They both clamped their hands over their ears and waited for the loud bang that often came after a wild ride. The little vehicle seemed to protest harsh treatment by backfiring like a canon. Sure enough the earsplitting sound came seconds after he turned the key.

“Was that a gun?” Ricky looked at Lonnie. “Who’d be shooting in the summer?”
“Maybe somebody’s poaching out of season. Shooting a nice buck or doe,” Lonnie surmised. “Look, there’s the stable and there’s four horses in the corral.”
The boys started clucking and calling the animals over, but all four horses, even Blackie, stayed out of reach and ignored them.
“Let’s check out the stable since nobody’s around,” Lonnie said. They went into the tack room and ran their hands over the smooth leather of the saddles, handled the halters and reins, and thumped the riding helmets. Lonnie picked up a riding crop. “Look at this little whip,” he said and started flicking Ricky with it. Ricky grabbed another one and they dueled as if they were having a sword fight. When they got bored with that they tossed the crops on the ground and explored the rest of the stable. There were a dozen stalls but all were empty except for four, which had mounds of straw on the floor and full water buckets.

As the trail became harder and harder to run on Dave and Rob gave up the chase and just walked. They hardly talked at all. Off in the distance they heard a bang and started thinking about guns and hunting and deer and pheasant. They didn’t think at all about bear hunting.

“We could go for a trail ride, have lunch and then go swimming before I have to open the Snack Shack,” Kevin suggested.
“Who do you want to ride? Keno or Johnny?” Missy always had dibs on Misty. Misty was the tallest horse, totally black except for a white mark between his eyes. Keno and Johnny weren’t quite as big and they were brown. Keno also had several lighter spots and he was the fastest and most obedient of the four horses. Blackie, small as a pony, was usually ridden by children.
“I’ll ride Johnny. I like how calm he is and his trot is smoother.” Kevin headed to the tack room while Missy grabbed a couple of lead lines and climbed over the fence. She walked toward Johnny first talking softly and soothingly, calling his name. Before she reached him she turned and headed back to the hitching post, still encouraging Johnny and expecting him to follow her. Sure enough, when she got there he was right at her shoulder and she clipped the two ends of the lead line to his halter and the post. Then she used the same trick on Misty. Kevin came straight out into the corral from a door in the stable with one saddle, pad and bridle. Missy grabbed the saddle pad and threw it on Johnny’s back then held the bridle while Kevin saddled him. He would tighten the cinch before he mounted, but if he did it now it would just be too loose. They had found that all four of the horses had a trick of bloating their stomachs up when they were saddled so the cinch wouldn’t feel so tight. It was dangerous for the rider because the saddle could slide over and pitch the rider to the ground when they were cantering around a corner.
“Hey,” he said, “the riding crops were on the floor in there.”
“That’s weird.” Missy was ready with the bridle and Kevin slipped the halter down but kept the rope around Johnny’s neck while Missy eased the bit into Johnny’s mouth, then she tied the reins to the hitch and he put the halter on a peg on the wall. They both went back in to get the other tack and the helmets. They sat on the bench and changed from sneakers to riding boots. 

Lonnie and Ricky had heard the kids talking in the corral and spied around the corner on them. They whispered back and forth.
“How did they get out of the caves?”
“There really must be another way out after all.”
“I want to know how they did it. I feel like being nice.” Lonnie smirked and Ricky knew that they were going to scam the younger kids somehow.

They set their sneakers where the boots had been then strapped on their helmets. This time Missy grabbed a saddle and Kevin carried the bridle and pad. 
Two steps to the door and . . . 
“What do we have here?” Lonnie said as he and Ricky blocked their way. “Getting a couple of horses ready for us?”
“Are you signed up?” Missy asked. She was scared, but not as much as before because this stable was her responsibility.
“Sure are,” Lonnie lied.
“Have you ridden before?”
“Lots,” he lied again.
Something about that one little syllable made Kevin think that maybe these guys had never ridden a horse. He decided to test it. “Do you need us to guide you on the trails?”
Lonnie and Ricky looked at each other and Ricky shrugged his shoulders. Lonnie nodded his head. “Yeah, I think so. We’ve never ridden here, so your expert guidance would be greatly appreciated.” He smiled as nicely as he could.
Missy thought that they should be yelling at them for being so mean to them before and trapping them in the caves, but it was her job to manage the stables and help out the guests who wanted to ride. It seemed that all four of them were going to pretend that the trapping incident never happened.
“Come on,” Kevin said as he pushed passed them. Missy followed next and the two bullies trailed after. They stood off to the side while Misty was saddled, then Kevin returned for more tack while Missy got Blackie and Keno. Ten minutes later all four horses were ready and Kevin handed out helmets. He cinched up Blackie and asked, “Okay, who’s first?”
“I’m not riding no pony,” Lonnie said. 
Ricky stepped forward, “I don’t mind,” he said. “I hear ponies are fast.”
“He’s not a pony,” Missy said. “He’s just small.” She looked straight at Lonnie and added, “Like some people.” Ricky easily mounted and Missy adjusted his stirrups for him before handing him the reins.
Lonnie felt a bit angry by the girl’s remark and pointed at the tallest horse and said, “I’ll ride him.”
Missy and Kevin exchanged a look. 
“Are you sure you’ve ridden before?” Kevin asked. “That horse, Misty, can be hard to handle if you don’t know what you’re doing.”
“I know what I’m doing,” Lonnie huffed. He walked up to the horse’s left side, put his foot in the stirrup and reached up for the saddle horn. He pulled himself up hard and fell flat on his butt as his weight made the saddle slide around the horse’s belly.
“If you knew what you were doing, you’d know to tighten the cinch first,” Kevin said. He burst out laughing and so did Missy. Even Ricky had to laugh.
“Stupid horse,” was all that Lonnie said. He got up and walked over to Johnny. He figured out how to tighten the cinch then pulled on the saddle first to see if it would hold his weight. He mounted the horse then realized he’d have to ask one of them to untie the reins. “Gimme the reins,” he ordered. Missy handed them up and asked him if he wanted the stirrups adjusted. “They’re fine,” he said, “let’s go.”
 The stirrups on Johnny’s saddle would have been fine for Kevin but Lonnie was three years older and six inches taller. Kevin and Missy shared a secret smile as they fixed Misty’s saddle, opened the gate and then mounted their horses. Missy went through the opening first followed by Lonnie on Johnny. Blackie automatically started following since he was used to being on a lead line behind either Misty or Johnny. Kevin was last. He had wanted to ride Johnny, but Keno was obedient and fast. He could leave those two bullies in the dust any time he wanted.
Missy led them down the trail she and Kevin had taken earlier in the vehicle intending to split off onto the wider open path that missed the cottage and circled around Mount Rocky. It wasn’t actually a mountain just a really big hill that happened to hide the most clever entrance to the caves. Missy’s great-grandfather and her father had worked on a project to make it invisible and it had remained so for thirty years until Missy had discovered the key to opening it. She would never ever take these older boys up that particular path even if the horses could manage to duck under all the overhangs and make the tight twisted turns.
She looked back over her shoulder and smiled to herself when she saw how tightly the fifteen-year-olds were clasping the saddle horns. “Hey, loosen up on the reins. You’re riding western not English.” Lonnie just gave her an ‘I’ll-do-what-I-want’ look, but Ricky tried to make an adjustment. Blackie stumbled over a root and pitched Ricky forward onto his neck. Ricky let out a yell but succeeded in regaining his seat. From behind him Kevin chuckled. Lonnie and Missy looked back in time to see the surprised look on Ricky’s face.

“That sounded just like my brother,” Rob said when they heard a yell coming from the direction they were headed. He started to speed up, but Dave pulled him back. 
“Check out these trees. Easy climbing. If it’s our brothers we can scare the crap out of them. If it’s some other people, we’ll stay hidden.”
Rob agreed and they climbed trees across from each other and perched themselves above the trail.

Misty, Missy’s horse, gave a little nicker and snort as they rounded a bend in the trail. He had done that a couple of times before this summer and it always warned Missy of hikers on the trail. Her first thought was of the older boys they had freed from the caves. It would make sense that they would follow them back on this trail. She was mad at herself for not thinking of that sooner and her head was racing with ideas of what to do next. There was no room to turn the horses around right here. She could just stop and wait, but they’d still be stuck with nowhere to go. Her only option was to start to trot. The boys would have to jump into the woods to avoid being run over. When the riders reached the open path then they could canter and put more distance between them. 
“Okay, we’re gonna trot now,” she hollered back over her shoulder. She clucked at Misty and squeezed her knees. “Trot!” she ordered. He obeyed her immediately. Johnny and Blackie followed at a trot, bobbing their untrained riders up and down. Keno waited for Kevin’s command then trotted smoothly behind Blackie.

Dave and Rob heard the girl’s commands and thought that they would just stay hidden. They had no idea how many people were heading their way or who they were for sure until they heard Dave’s brother complaining to slow down, that this was killing his butt.
The first horse passed beneath them snorting and tossing his head. Then came their brothers. Dave and Rob let out warrior-like hollers and swung down from the branches. Johnny whinnied and sidestepped, scraping Lonnie’s leg against a tree trunk. 
Kevin halted Keno as soon as he saw the two goons drop from the branches. He could see Missy having a hard time reining in Misty who probably wanted to gallop away.
“Surprised to see us?” Dave shouted. That was just enough to send Johnny over the edge. He pushed into Misty’s left flank and tried to pass. The bigger horse stopped paying attention to his rider and ran up the tight path until it opened into the wider trail. Johnny stayed on his tail with Lonnie gripping the saddle horn and the horse’s mane. Little Blackie was just as spooked and he chased after the others with Ricky clinging like a monkey.
“That was hilarious!” Dave laughed. He looked back at Kevin. “What about you Jackson? Is that nag too old to run or what?”
Rob started after the others, just a little worried about what could happen to his brother and how much trouble he’d be in if his parents found out.
Dave, however, was feeling a lot less sympathetic. “Come here, Jackson. Get off that horse.”
Kevin was glad he was on the obedient gelding and instead of being intimidated by the seventeen-year-old, he crouched down and gave Keno a definite command. 

The rumble of horses’ hooves was only audible to the sharpest of ears in the forest. The young bear cubs couldn’t have been less interested. It was all fun and food for them. Their mother was pushing them onward now. Something else was in the air. Some scent that alerted her taste buds and persuaded her to pick up the speed. They were still headed southwest. 

Missy let Misty have her head. She knew that the frightened animal would calm down after a little run. After the wide path there would be an open area then it was back to tight trails and her horse would have to slow down by then. She could hear the boys shrieking behind her and wondered how long before she heard a thud and one or both of them would be on the ground. At least they were riding the slowest horses; they wouldn’t be hard to catch later.
Lonnie’s stirrups were too short and he’d lost hold of one of the reins. He was shouting for help, but that stupid girl was just galloping her horse farther away. He couldn’t even think about looking behind to see where the others were.
Ricky was starting to like Blackie’s canter. He had stopped bellowing for help when the trot had smoothed into a canter. At first clods of dirt were flying in his face from the horse ahead, but in this wider area Blackie had moved over and now he could see where they were headed. He didn’t hear the Jackson kid behind him, though, and he briefly wondered if his brother and Dave were torturing him.

Keno bolted up the trail and Kevin hollered at the older boys to look out. They jumped off the trail just in time. Kevin and Keno zigzagged until they rounded the last bend and opened up speed on the wide straightaway. The others were out of sight. Kevin urged Keno into a full gallop and then slowed to a regular canter when he caught a glimpse of Blackie’s rump. By the time Kevin joined the group everyone was back to a trot and they continued at that speed until Missy was satisfied that her horse was over its fright. When she finally stopped they were at the bottom of Mount Rocky.
Missy couldn’t help but scold the bullies, “Your brothers are jerks! We could have broken our necks! They could have been trampled! Don’t they have any brains?”
Lonnie and Ricky silently agreed but they weren’t about to join her in her contempt.
But Kevin was. “Yeah. What morons. They should be banned from the lodge.” And so should you, he thought.
Lonnie wanted to find out about how the kids got out of the cave. Now that Dave and Rob were out, too, maybe they had learned the secret for themselves. There was no way the older guys would ever let them in on it so their only hope was to coax the information out of Kevin and the girl. He swallowed his pride and said, “Hey, we never found out your name. I’m Lonnie and this is Ricky.”
Missy didn’t smile. “I’m Missy Stark. My great-grandfather owns Big Pine Lodge.” Her horse started to pull the reins as he stretched his neck down, trying to reach some light green foliage that must have looked tasty to him. Missy pulled his head up and straightened around in the saddle. “Let’s finish your ride.” She signaled for a walk and led the group on.
“Wait,” Lonnie said, trailing behind her. “Tell us how you got out of the caves. We know there’s another way out, isn’t there? Our brothers must have found it.”
“We let them out!” Kevin hollered from the end of the line. He patted Keno’s neck and felt the heat radiating off the animal’s hide.
“But how did you guys get out?” Ricky piped up. “If it’s a secret, you can trust us. We’d never tell our brothers.”
Yeah, right, Missy thought. Instead of giving a false answer she just didn’t say anything.
“Come on,” Lonnie begged. “We’re, uh, we’re sorry we trapped you down there. It was just a joke. We were gonna let you out in five minutes. I swear.”
Missy continued to ignore him and Kevin stayed silent, too. 
Chapter 4
Dave and Rob were sweaty and hungry when they finally reached the lodge. There were sandwiches set out in the dining hall and they helped themselves. They sat down at a small table next to their moms who were halfway through their lunches.
“Where have you two been?” Dave’s mom asked.
“Around,” Dave answered. His mother didn’t press for a better answer and took another bite.
Rob’s mother brushed her bleached blonde hair out of her eyes and patted her mouth with her napkin. “I don’t want any trouble this year,” she warned. “They’ve got horses here this summer and I want you and Ricky to keep away from the stables.”
Rob glanced at Dave and raised an eyebrow. “Ricky’s already riding, ma.”
“What!” She started to rise from her chair then sat back down. “Oh, just wait till your father gets back from golfing.”
Then Dave’s mother looked at Dave. “I suppose your brother is riding, too?”
“Yup,” Dave said, “last we saw of them they were galloping through the woods. We tried to stop them, but they wouldn’t listen to us.” 
The two mothers looked at each other then one of them said, “Oh, well, boys will be boys.” They both laughed, finished their food, picked up their beach bags and headed out. Dave’s mother turned back a second and handed Dave two room keys. “Here,” she said, “we unpacked your suitcases. Your room is 212 and the other key you can give to your brother. He and Ricky are in 214.”
Rob yelled after his mother for his key and she told them that the second keys were on the dressers in both rooms.
Two more people came in to the dining room after the women left so the boys kept their voices low as they planned out a little surprise for Lonnie and Ricky. Dave’s mom never should have trusted him with Lonnie’s key.

Lonnie and Ricky were starting to get sore bottoms. Every time Missy trotted her horse their horses followed suit and they bumped up and down without control. Ricky glanced back at Kevin once and saw that he seemed to being sitting the trot like a cowboy. He couldn’t figure out how to do it. They circled around half of Mount Rocky before reaching a two-lane road. Missy stopped her horse and held up her hand.
“We can go back to the stable now or cross over onto State land and ride in there for another half hour. The trails are wider and smoother and there’s a nice meadow we can canter through.”
Lonnie looked back at Ricky who gave his head a little shake. He was aching and hungry. “Another time,” Lonnie said. “We have to get back for lunch.”
“Whatever,” Missy said. She looked up and down the road. There were rarely any cars that went by here. She led them in a circle, but as she looped by Kevin she motioned with her head for him to cut in behind her. As they backtracked on the trail now Kevin and Missy were together with the bullies behind them. “Payback time,” she whispered to Kevin. She gently urged Misty into his slowest canter and Kevin did the same with Keno. The two horses kept pace and the kids sat on their saddles as comfortably as if they were on the merry-go-round.
Johnny and Blackie, however, kept up by trotting as fast as they could. They wouldn’t change their gait into a canter unless instructed to do so by their riders. Lonnie and Ricky had no idea how to make the horses change gaits. It was all they could do to hang on and bounce up and down painfully.
At last they reached the area where Dave and Rob had attacked them and the trail narrowed. Missy slowed to a trot and finally a walk. The last stretch was long enough for the horses to all cool down. She had already decided that she was going to make these jerks rub down their horses themselves, a job that she always did. Her great-grandfather wouldn’t object, she was sure.

Dave and Rob’s room was actually connected to 214 by two interior doors that could be locked from one side only. Apparently their mothers had left the doors open when they unpacked everything. They checked out their room, nothing fancy, two twin beds and a bathroom, then looked at the other room. It was exactly the same.
On their way out of the dining room they had each sneakily made off with a handful of little ketchup packets. Now the plan they had hatched seemed kind of lame. They were going to put ketchup in all of their brothers’ underwear or in the pockets of their jeans.
“Think of something else,” Dave said. “This is stupid.” He tossed his handful of ketchup into the wastebasket.
“Squeeze out all their toothpaste?”
“Lame.”
“T.P. their room?”
“Dumb.”
“You think of something.”
Dave walked over to the window and looked down at the beach. “I know. Sand. Just a little sand in their sheets. They’ll be itching all night.” He went into the bathroom and took the two plastic wrapped drinking cups that were provided and tossed one to Rob. “A cupful ought to do it.”

Missy rode into the corral and dismounted. She quickly tied Misty to the hitching post and hurried over to the gate in order to close it as soon as the last horse and rider were in. Kevin had tied up Keno and was already unsaddling him, but Johnny and Blackie had headed straight for the water trough and Lonnie and Ricky had no control.
“Get me off this nag,” Lonnie muttered. He tossed the reins over the horse’s head and into the water. He started to swing his left leg over the horse’s rump and accidentally kicked Ricky in the knee.
“Hey! Watch it!” Ricky scolded, then he laughed as Lonnie tumbled to the trampled earth, his weak knees giving way as soon as his feet hit the ground. Ricky was afraid the same thing would happen to him so he was extra careful as he dismounted. He didn’t let go of the saddle until he was certain his legs would hold him. 
Missy and Kevin had already put their saddles away and were coming back out just in time to see Lonnie get up and brush himself off, all the time cussing out the poor horse.
“Okay, that’s enough water. Bring them over here,” Missy commanded. “You have to unsaddle them and then rub them down.”
“Fat chance, girlie. I don’t think so.” Lonnie huffed and spit on the ground. He walked as steadily as he could to the gate and let himself out. “Come on Ricky. Let’s go eat.” Ricky stumbled after him and was just nice enough to latch the gate behind himself. Missy and Kevin watched the two boys walk bow-legged off toward the lodge.
Impulsively Missy called after them, “Too bad! We would have told you about the other cave entrance!” The boys kept walking.

The lodge had two cooks who prepared all the meals for the guests in the lodge. Today they had baked several fruit pies and had set them all on the kitchen windowsills to cool. The delicious aroma wafted out toward the beach where several adults commented on the smell, the ladies all delighting in the luxury of a week off from cooking and cleaning.
The same appetizing scent reached the sharper nostrils of three bears still wandering in the forest.

Dave and Rob pulled back the bedspread and top sheet of each twin bed then spread the sand on the lower half of the bottom sheet. They remade the beds with more care than they had ever done their own in the past then high-fived each other. They slipped back into their own room and locked the adjoining door from their side. They hoped that their brothers wouldn’t think to bolt their side so they could sneak back in whenever they wanted.  They changed into their bathing suits and grabbed a couple of bath towels.
“Okay,” Dave announced as he ran his fingers through his hair, “time to check out the beach and the available female flesh.”
Rob grabbed his key off the dresser and stuck it in a little zippered pocket on his suit. “Ready,” he said.

Lonnie and Ricky stopped near the kitchen windows and gaped at the pies. 
“I hope those are for lunch,” Lonnie said.
“Probably not,” Ricky said.
“Oh, I don’t know about that,” Lonnie said as he glanced around to see if anyone was watching. He took two steps toward the window when he heard the porch door creak open and saw his brother and Rob step out. He cursed and said, “Yeah, I guess we’ll have to wait for dinner. Come on. Don’t let them see us.”
They back tracked around the side and circled the lodge. They entered through the front door and cut through the lobby to the dining room. Luckily there were a few sandwiches left. They didn’t even sit down to devour them; they stood at the window and watched their brothers try to flirt with a couple of high school girls. When they finished their food they searched out their mothers to get their room key. They weren’t very happy to find out that they’d have to ask Dave for their key.

It took Missy and Kevin a half an hour to get all four horses rubbed down. Missy was glad for Kevin’s help since she usually had to do it all by herself. She didn’t mind the work, but today she was starving for lunch and wanted a little time to take a dip in the lake before she had to take a couple of lodge guests out on the trails this afternoon. Kevin wasn’t opening the Snack Shack until 3 o’clock so he’d have plenty of time to swim, too.
When they finally made it back to the lodge all of the lunch items were cleared away. Kevin coaxed one of the cooks into making them grilled cheese sandwiches and they ate them in the kitchen, sitting on a couple of stools at one of the prep stations. Missy kept eying the pies on the windowsills while Kevin talked to the cook about her son who Kevin knew from school.
“I’ll be right back,” Missy said, getting off the stool and heading toward the lobby. She munched the last of her sandwich and wiped her hands on her jeans. There was a small office in the lobby where Kevin’s mom, Mrs. Jackson, could often be found. Missy wanted to check the sign-up sheet for horse-back-riding that was kept on the counter there.
“Hi, Missy,” Mrs. Jackson greeted her. She was always so friendly and happy. Everyone liked Mrs. Jackson. Missy loved the story about how Mr. and Mrs. Jackson had met at the lodge when they both worked here when they were off from college in the summers. That was like forever ago, when the lodge had another wing before it burned and also when they had lots of horses. Mr. Jackson had been a stable boy and Mrs. Jackson had been a maid. Now they managed the place and were in the process of buying it from Missy’s great-grandfather. They would get all the property, too, except for the little stone cottage across the lake, which Mr. Stark had said that Missy would inherit.
“Hi, Mrs. Jackson. Are there any more people signed up to ride?” she asked.
“No, honey, you’ve just got the one couple. Nobody tomorrow, of course, since it’s Sunday, but Monday and Tuesday are full. Looks like you’ll be riding all day long.”
“I don’t mind. I love it.” Missy looked at the list and was happy to see that the bullies’ names weren’t under Monday or Tuesday. “Hey,” she said when she noticed that their names also weren’t written down for today.
“What’s the matter, dear?”
“Oh, nothing, well, yeah. These boys said they were signed up and we took them out riding, but,” she paused and turned the sheet toward Mrs. Jackson, “they weren’t signed up.”
“Let me guess, Dave and Rob?” Mrs. Jackson scowled, raising one eyebrow for a question mark.
“No, their brothers, Lonnie and Ricky.”
Mrs. Jackson shook her head and thought for a moment. “Tell you what. If they try that stunt again, ask them for a “riding coupon”. I was already thinking of typing up a form people would have to sign releasing us from liability.”
“Liability?”
“That means so they can’t sue us if they fall off and get hurt. They ride at their own risk. I’ll have a tear-off portion at the bottom where I’ll write in their names and the time of their ride. They can hand that to you. That will be the “riding coupon”. Okay?”
“Okay.”

“Give us our keys.” Lonnie and Ricky came up behind their brothers just as the pretty girls they were talking to started to laugh.
The girls were more likely in the same grade as the younger boys, but Dave and Rob got there first. They both stood up blocking the boys from getting a closer look at the bikini-clad blondes.
“Here,” Dave shoved a key at Lonnie, “get lost.”
“Where’s mine?” Ricky asked his brother.
“On the dresser in your room. Adiós, hermano.”
Because he knew it would bug his brother, Lonnie peaked around him and smiled at the girls. “Hi, I’m Lonnie,” he said, “and this is Ricky. See you at the campfire.”
They quickly made their exit, jogging up the beach, across the grass and into the lodge, anxious to find their rooms and get changed into swimsuits.

The rest of the afternoon was fun for everyone. Lonnie and Ricky dove into the water, swam past the dock and continued on across the lake. They were hoping to better their time of thirty minutes, a goal they had set for themselves last summer and only achieved once. Missy and Kevin swam out to the dock and played underwater tag with three kids, one of whom Kevin knew from previous summers. Dave and Rob never got into the water. They succeeded in talking the two girls into walking around to the front of the lodge and sitting on the front porch with them, out of sight and earshot of all of the adults. Later, Kevin opened the Snack Shack and sold a dozen sodas, four bags of potato chips and six candy bars for a profit of $8.80, his slowest day so far this summer. Missy guided a newly married couple on the trails and into the state forest and back. They saw a doe and her two spotted fawns and this prompted the couple to ask questions about the wildlife. The wife had heard a rumor that there were mountain lions around. Missy assured them that the rumor was false. She did tell them, however, that they had recently trapped and relocated a couple of harmless bobcats. The rumor probably started because of that. Missy guaranteed them that there were no dangerous animals at Big Pine Lodge, no mountain lions, bobcats or bears. The wife seemed relieved. When they got back to the stables the husband gave Missy a five-dollar tip.
Chapter 5
It was a perfect July evening, warm, not too humid and with very few mosquitoes. The sun was due to set in half an hour and Kevin and Mr. Jackson were getting the wood ready for the bon fire that was a lodge tradition. It was always exciting on Saturday nights because most of the guests stayed for just one week and this would be their first bon fire. Everyone would gather at dusk and anyone who hadn’t already met that afternoon would get acquainted at the fire. The kids would roast marshmallows, someone would sing a song or two, Mrs. Jackson would bring out popcorn, and after it got really dark, there were always scary stories told.
Missy had showered before dinner and then spent a few minutes on the phone to her mother who had to work in the city and only came up to the lodge a few times during the summer. Missy ate dinner with her great-grandfather and a family from Georgia who had been coming up to the lodge for over twenty years. The conversation was sometimes boring and sometimes interesting. The two daughters were in high school, at least four years older than Missy and not likely to be friendly with her because of the age difference. They were very pretty blonde girls who talked with an accent that reminded Missy of the characters in an old movie about the Civil War, one that she had watched with her mom last winter. The girls, Melanie and Tara, kept smiling over at Dave and Rob throughout dinner. 
As soon as she finished her dessert Missy headed back to her room. She shared one of the first floor lodge rooms with Angela, a college girl who worked here summers as a maid. Angela had skipped dinner to go out with the other maids to a pizza place twenty miles away. Missy flopped on the bed and let out a big sigh. She wanted to be pretty like the Georgia girls and have boys flirt with her.
“What’s the matter?” Angela surprised her, popping out of the bathroom, a hairbrush in one hand.
 “Oh, I thought you were gone already,” Missy sat up.
“Not for another ten minutes, Courtney’s the slowest person to get ready.” Angela pointed the brush at Missy, “So, tell me, what are you sighing about? Kevin?”
“No,” Missy answered quickly, “it’s just, well, I wish I could wear make-up like you.”
Angela started to laugh. “Wait a sec,” she turned and went back into the bathroom. A moment later she came out with a pink bag with a bow on the side. “Your mother gave me this to give to you if you ever got sick or sad.” She handed it over.
“What is it?” Missy was suddenly very excited. It wasn’t even her birthday. It was so unexpected to get a gift. She had the best mother ever.
“Open it and see.”
She wasted no time and poured out the contents onto the bedspread. It looked like her mother had bought something from every shelf in the cosmetics aisle. 
“Now don’t go overboard,” Angela warned, “less is more, as they say. Try one thing, like the mascara, and save the rest. Work into growing up gradually. Trust me, you’ll be old before you know it.”

Mr. Jackson usually let Kevin light the fire and tonight was no different. Kevin was fascinated by fire and Mr. Stark used to call him “Sparky” when he was smaller. The pet name stuck for a few years, but now Mr. Stark just called him Kevin, not wanting to take a chance of embarrassing him with the nickname.
Kevin had used small sticks, dead leaves and some birch bark as his base, then placed larger dry branches in a teepee formation around the tinder. It took only one match to get the flames going. He steadily added more wood from the pile they had nearby. His dad set up lawn chairs in a circle around the fire. One by one families came out and settled around the blaze. Kevin took two water buckets to the lake and filled them up. They liked to have them close by for drenching the coals later.
The sun set and the cloudless night sky was a wonder of constellations. Without the competing lights from big cities the stars were bolder in their sparkling glory and the adults commented over and over about how bright the stars were in the country. One dad was pointing out Orion’s Belt and the Big Dipper. A three-year-old started singing Twinkle Twinkle Little Star and everyone clapped when she finished. Everyone except Lonnie and Ricky, who were standing at the dark edge of the circle whispering to one another. 
Kevin looked around for Missy who hadn’t shown up yet. It wasn’t like her to miss a bonfire. He also didn’t see the older brothers. What could they be up to? Maybe they were bothering Missy. He glanced at Mr. Stark and then decided to check on things himself. He threw one more branch in the fire and walked into the woods as if he were gathering more wood. He skirted around behind Lonnie and Ricky and saw one of them pushing something under a lady’s chair with his foot. A rock, maybe. He couldn’t tell, but they were chuckling about it and moving sideways, away from her. Last year they had set off a bunch of firecrackers at the bonfire and there had almost been a fight between some of the dads and the boys’ parents. It would be incredibly stupid of them to repeat that, especially at the first campfire. They’d be asked to leave for sure.
Kevin looked toward the lodge and picked his way along the path. His night vision was pretty good and he didn’t have any trouble going along. The sounds of the group around the fire faded and he could pick up some new sounds – laughter, giggling and whispering. He swung his head in the direction of the voices and saw four silhouettes down at the shore. It looked like there were two people sitting in one beached canoe and another couple on the sand. He stopped and stared until he was sure it was Dave, Rob and the two pretty sisters he had waited on in the Snack Shack.
“Spying?” Missy startled him.
“Hey, where have you been?” Kevin answered.
“Just doing stuff in my room.” Missy batted her eyelashes, but it was too dark for Kevin to notice anything different about her.
“Well, come on. I already started the fire. Looks like those two jerks aren’t going to be joining us, but their brothers are there and they’re acting pretty suspicious. Last year they let off some firecrackers. I kind of hope they do that again so my folks and your great-grandpa will kick them all out.” Kevin turned and led the way back. 

Dave and Rob were trying their best to win points with Melanie and Tara. Though all four of them had been coming to Big Pine Lodge for many years they didn’t remember being there on the same week, though Melanie admitted to seeing the boys leaving last year on the same day they were arriving. Secretly, Dave was relieved that they didn’t remember four summers ago when he and Rob had chased several girls off the swimming dock. He was pretty sure that Melanie and Tara were among the ones they had splashed and teased and called names. They hadn’t been interested in girls back then especially not skinny little giggling girls who screamed at spiders, snakes and toads.
“I can see the bonfire,” Melanie stated, but she made no move to get up.
“Yup, same old bonfire,” Dave answered. “We should have our own.”
“What? Here on the beach?” Tara looked around.
Rob shook his head. “Nah, they’d make us put it out. Let’s go through the woods over to the old settlers’ ruins. There’s an old fireplace in the cabin ruins.” 
Melanie and Tara looked at each other and seemed to come to the same conclusion. “Sure, why not?” they said together. 

Missy and Kevin skirted around behind Lonnie and Ricky and stood just outside the circle of golden light thrown off by the roaring blaze. Someone else had been adding logs to the fire and it was as high as a man. Parents were keeping their smaller children back and, in fact, were scooting their own chairs away from the heat. Missy glanced over at Lonnie and Ricky and saw that one was nudging the other. Suddenly there was an embarrassing farting noise from one of the ladies. The little kids laughed out loud while the grownups tried to act like nothing happened. Lonnie and Ricky bent over double, laughing their heads off. As soon as they straightened up the loud farts began again. The lady stood up. “It’s not me!” she said and picked up her chair to move away. 
Ricky moved into the spot she had left and motioned for Lonnie to join him. They stood there with their hands in their pockets trying not to laugh anymore. As soon as everyone’s attention turned to a father who was grabbing a burning marshmallow stick from his son, Lonnie bent down and picked up a dark object. He stuffed it under his armpit and folded his arms.
“What’s he doing?” Missy whispered to Kevin. They had looped around to the beach side of the fire and had a good view of the boys.
“I think I know,” Kevin said as he put two boards across the water buckets, cleverly making two seats for them. They sat down carefully and Kevin put his hand in front of his mouth, leaned toward Missy and whispered. “Watch what Lonnie does with that thing under his arm.”
Just then Mrs. Jackson appeared with two huge bags of popcorn and last Sunday’s newspaper. “Help me, Kevin. Please.” She set one bag down next to Mr. Stark, a safe place, she assumed, and handed the papers to Kevin. He gave half to Mr. Stark and the two of them began to fold pages of newspaper into cones. Missy jumped up to help and as Mrs. Jackson poured popcorn into the cones Missy took them and handed them out to everyone around the fire. She started at her left and went clockwise around, but when she got to Lonnie and Ricky’s spot they had moved over to Mr. Stark. That was strange, she thought, because now they’d be last to get any. She watched to see if they were just helping themselves to the second bag, but no, Mrs. Jackson was pouring from that one now. When she finally handed them their popcorn they took them without a word and walked back to where they had been. Missy and Kevin got theirs last and sat down on their makeshift seats to eat.
The campfire was burning down some now since no one wanted to feed the fire. People were throwing their unpopped kernels into it hoping they’d pop. A few of them did and if they exploded and flew out of the fire everyone would laugh. One by one each person crumbled up his or her empty newspaper cone and tossed it into the bonfire. The flames were blue or yellow and everyone seemed mesmerized and hypnotized by the dancing curls of flame. There were a few moments of complete silence and then it was broken. A long disgusting eruption of farting sounds came from Mr. Stark. This time no one laughed and Mr. Stark just reached under his chair and brought out an object about the size of a deck of cards.
“Okay,” he said, “you can all laugh. It’s just a remote control farting machine.” He waved it above his head and then he pressed a button on its side several times and the same noises came forth in short little bursts. Everyone laughed as he flicked another switch off and stuck the box in his jacket pocket.
Kevin leaned toward Missy. “That’s what I thought. Look at Lonnie and Ricky. They’re sneaking away.” 
“Good. I hope my great-grandpa keeps it till their last day here. It was kinda funny, though.”
“Yeah, and at least it didn’t hurt anybody.”

“That was hilarious,” Ricky said.
“Yeah, until that old fart found it. Who would have thought such an old man would have known how to turn it on and off,” Lonnie said. “We’re gonna have to steal it back now.”
“Or,” Ricky thought for a second, “we just torture a certain little someone into retrieving it for us.”
Lonnie chuckled. “Yeah, I like your thinking.”
They came out of the path near the back of the lodge and looked around for their brothers. They checked inside and made a pit stop in the bathroom. While Lonnie waited for Ricky he looked out from their second floor window. If he stood to the right he could angle his view to the left and see the large bonfire. Straight ahead the moon was now reflecting off the lake which was as still as a mirror. He moved left just as he heard Ricky flush. “Hey!” he hollered. “Come here. Check this out.”
Ricky came out and crossed the room. “What?”
Lonnie pointed to the right and scooted back so Ricky could take his spot. Ricky put his cheek up against the screen and let his eyes adjust to the darkness. “Yeah, so? Looks like somebody has a fire over near the settlers’ ruins.”
“Who do you think, dummy? I didn’t see our brothers or those two girls from the beach at the bonfire, did you?”
Ricky looked at Lonnie. “Quick. Let’s change into all black clothing.”
“What’s your idea? Just spying? Catch them at an embarrassing moment?”
Ricky looked thoughtful. He glanced around the room and his gaze settled on the extra blankets and pillows on the shelf. “Turn the lights off,” he ordered. He grabbed a blanket and threw it over his shoulders while Lonnie headed for the light switch. By the time Lonnie hit the switch and turned around Ricky was on the floor with the blanket covering his head as well. He let out some low growls then asked, “Well? Am I a bear or what?”
Lonnie flicked the switch back on and laughed, “Well, you probably wouldn’t fool a real bear, but I think a couple of girls would fall for it. Especially with some snorts and some leaves rustling.” He pulled the second blanket off the shelf, thinking how lucky it was that both blankets were dark blue. Ricky got up, rolled his blanket up and the two of them started out the door.
“Well, hello, boys.” Both sets of parents were just arriving. “Did we miss the bonfire? We didn’t mean to stay at that bar quite so long.” Lonnie’s father patted them both on the shoulders.
“You didn’t miss anything,” Lonnie said. “We were just there. Same old, same old. Marshballows, popcorn, fire.”
“Oh, let’s make an appearance, dear,” Lonnie’s mother said. She smiled and added, “After a little bathroom break, that is.” The adults all nodded at each other and disappeared into their rooms without one question to the boys about why they were carrying blankets. Lonnie and Ricky slipped down the staircase.

You have finished the sampling for BULLIES AND BEARS. This book is the third in the series and is available in paperback and digital format. If you’d like to find out how to purchase this or any other of Debra Chapoton’s adventure books for kids, please go to Smashwords at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DebraChapoton or visit the website http://www.bigpinelodgebooks.com 

Please continue the sampling with the first 5 chapters of A TICK IN TIME

A TICK IN TIME
Prologue – A Glimpse of the Future
Out of nowhere two hairy arms reached around Noelle’s waist and locked tightly pulling her backward. She screamed for Tommy to help her as she dug her heels into the rocky path and scratched at the arms squeezing her middle. Tommy’s face registered disbelief as he reached for Noelle and struggled to free her. He gripped her hands and pulled her toward him. He felt encouraged as she seemed to move forward, her head dropping down, long blonde curls hiding her face, but she collapsed over on herself like a clam as her stomach was pulled back into nothingness and her feet actually lifted up and off the ground. Tommy still couldn’t see anyone other than the hairy arms magically coming out of thin air. He dug in his heels and yanked his friend with all his might. Their hands slipped apart and incredibly Noelle was sucked through the air with a whoosh and disappeared. Tommy fell on his butt, mouth open in shock. It was as if Noelle had been captured through a rip in reality. Now what would he do? He had escaped this strange land once before, but how could he go back without Noelle? How could he explain this? Surely they would lock him away in a dark and scary mental institution, a loony bin, a coo-coo cage, a padded room, never to return to 6th grade, never to make it to junior high. 
Tommy slapped his hands to the sides of his head. He squinted his eyes tightly shut and was about to holler as loud as he could when another idea smacked him on the forehead.
“Of course!” he breathed aloud. “She must have been taken to the dungeon!” He pushed himself up off the rocky path and looked at the spot where Noelle had disappeared. He felt around blindly with his hands, feeling for something, anything, where she had been. He circled around to stand behind the spot and reached up and down and patted the air. He looked like a circus mime trying to find his way out of an invisible box, but when he pressed the air in one certain spot his finger disappeared.
“Oh!” he jerked back then realized how stupid he had been. He searched the air again until he located the spot. It took twice as long to find it again. This time he used both hands and tried to enlarge the opening. There was nothing he could see, he had to work by touch only and his muscles strained to gain some kind of advantage over the rip. It wanted to close back up around his fingers, but slowly he widened it enough to poke his elbow through and get more leverage. Tommy had started at chest level, but now the hole seemed to be higher up. With his elbow thrust through he tried to force the hole down, but although it was widening, it was also pulling him upwards. He kicked up off the ground and plunged his head and chest through.
A stranger sight was never seen for on the Doldale side hung a boy’s torso and legs, kicking wildly, while on the Luruss side Tommy’s hands had found a round hairy object that was letting out screams and yelps of utter fear. It was dark, pitch black, blind, and Tommy screamed, too, trying to winch his way back from where he had come. But at that moment the other screams stopped and Noelle grabbed his arms and pulled.
Chapter 1 New Friends

Tommy McArthur and his little brother Billy would usually spend a month at his grandparents’ place each summer. Grandma and Grandpa Gustafson allowed them to bring their pet dog, Noodle, along. Grandma said a Dachshund wasn’t much trouble and that was true for Noodle who hardly ever, ever barked. Billy and Tommy, on the other hand, could be big trouble. They didn’t usually play together at home since they were more than four years apart, but at Grandma and Grandpa’s they didn’t have anyone else to play with so they tended to do everything together. Of course that led to trouble, which led to fights, which led to yelling and, for Billy, crying. This year, though, Grandpa Gustafson had promised to take each boy camping alone for a week if they could promise to behave.
It was the first Saturday in July when they arrived at the big old steep roofed house that Grandpa Gustafson’s father had built sixty or seventy years ago. Maffett Street was a beautiful tree-lined street where most of the houses were white, two-story homes with front porches and detached garages out back. There was an alley that ran behind the houses where the garbage cans sat and you could pull your car into your garage from the back and drive right on through if you wanted to. 
Along side of the garage Grandma had planted a patch of tomatoes and beans and cucumbers. The earth smelled wonderful there and Tommy liked to sit in one of the big white wooden chairs, there were two of them, and watch her weed the garden. He wasn’t afraid that she’d ask him to help. She had asked for his assistance when he was Billy’s age and he had pulled up half of the vegetables instead of the weeds before Grandma noticed. She just laughed, though, and replanted them, but she never asked him to help again.
Now, while their mom and dad were putting their bicycles in the garage, Tommy and his brother were lugging their suitcases up the front steps and into the tiny foyer. Their rooms were straight up the stairs and Tommy didn’t hesitate. He always claimed the larger room, first come first served, he’d tell Billy. His room, on the right, had another door behind a drape that let you walk right into the attic. The treasures there were fascinating, but it got so hot in that space that he had to remember to explore first thing in the morning before the sun did its work. Billy hadn’t discovered the attic yet and Tommy wasn’t about to tip him off.
The room on the left was Billy’s and he would complain that he always got the smaller room, but really he didn’t mind. He thought that this room was special. The laundry chute was in his closet and he could shout down to Grandma in the kitchen or Grandpa way down in the basement where his workshop was. Grandma’s laundry room was down there, too, as well as what the boys considered a playroom. It was a room of extra furniture and keepsakes, books, games, and toys.
The boys settled in quickly and joined their parents and grandparents in the kitchen for a large luncheon and about an hour of conversation before their parents left.
“Mind your grandma and grandpa, boys,” their mother said as usual, “and remember not to run past the big clock in the living room.” She always said that whenever they visited as if they needed even another reminder.
Tommy waved goodbye until their car was out of sight then asked for permission to walk to the drug store. It was only three blocks away and no busy streets to cross. He was allowed to go alone, but he usually had to drag Billy along. If he were lucky Billy would already be into the toys in the basement and not want to go.
He got his wish when he went inside to get his money. He could actually hear Billy rummaging through the stuff in the playroom. He darted up the stairs and got the first of several five-dollar bills he had brought. He planned to spend the money on candy. Grandma thought he would buy books. Even comic books, she said, were good purchases. She encouraged him to read a lot and he did, probably more than any of his friends back home who were undoubtedly spending the summer practicing and playing soccer. Tommy loved soccer and played on a spring team and an indoor winter team, but his parents declared that summer was for reading, relaxing, and resting, the three r’s, and besides he would miss too many games the month he spent at his grandparents’. Oh, well, what grandma didn’t know was there was a stash of comic books and old classics in the attic that had been his mother’s. He would buy candy at the drug store and get a book from the attic to read on the back porch. This was his plan and it seemed to be the best use of his allowance, at least it seemed that way to him.
He put the bill in his pocket and pushed aside the drape that hid the attic door. A wall of hot air greeted him as he entered. He could hardly breathe the dry heat. It seemed to cover him from head to toe like a suffocating wool blanket. He rushed to the old train trunk and opened it. He had restacked the books last summer so the ones he hadn’t read would be on top. He grabbed the top two, a book and a comic book, closed the trunk and hurried out, careful to close the door quietly.
The stairway in this old house was narrower and steeper than most and he had taught Billy to slide down the treads on his rump. Tommy could do it so expertly that Billy had taken to calling him “waxy butt” or “ski rump”. Tommy sat on the top step and began the bumpity ride. He was half way down when he stopped, deciding that he had finally outgrown this little trick. He took the last six steps two at a time and raced through the living room, slowing down a little as he passed the big old grandfather clock, then he cut through the dining room, went into the kitchen, and out the back door onto the porch. He hid the books under the metal lounge chair in the corner of the screened-in porch then burst out the screen door. 
“Be careful crossing the street,” his grandmother hollered from the garden. He could see his grandfather tinkering with something in the garage while Noodle sniffed around the corners and he waved before turning down the driveway and out to the sidewalk.
Too bad there aren’t any kids on this block, he mused. He noticed a for sale sign on the house across the street. It would be nice if a boy his age moved in there by next summer. Suddenly he tripped on a couple of large stones in the middle of the sidewalk. He looked down and saw chalk marks, the beginnings of that stupid hopscotch game that girls played. He wasn’t interested in playing with girls, though he did glance up at the house next door. The large front porch had two bikes sitting side by side on it. There was a small doll carriage, too. Oh, no, girls. He vaguely remembered meeting some little girls who were visiting there years and years ago. He looked away and concentrated on checking each and every house he passed for signs of male inhabitants.
He crossed the street and turned the corner. He reached the corner drugstore in no time and pushed through the heavy glass door. The candy aisle was two aisles over and he made a beeline straight for the candy bars. This would take a bit of thought; he might even spend ten or fifteen minutes contemplating just the right combination of flavors. First he picked out a few of the large chocolate bars, then some tart candies, followed by licorice and gum. He did the arithmetic in his head and knew he had just enough left for one more thing: bribe candy. He always kept a box of something that Billy liked so he could dole out one candy at a time to get Billy to do things for him, like get out of his room, like not tell on him, like do him a favor. Sometimes, though, he had to resort to threatening Billy with a little pounding on the arm. Tommy suspected that fighting was going to be more common as they got older. He had noticed how his dad and his uncles still threw a few punches at each other. Playfully, they said. Anyway, Tommy would start with bribe candy for now; he didn’t think his Grandma appreciated any roughhousing.
He paid for his purchases and left the drug store with a weighty bag of sugary delights. He leaned against the side of the building and peered into the bag. What to start with? He opened the box of sweet and tart candies and popped a purple one into his mouth. He listened to the sounds of summer: birds, traffic, a plane up above, and, somewhere, the sound of kids laughing. Probably little kids, he thought, or girls.
He headed back to his grandparents’ house, but stopped as he rounded the last corner and saw his little brother playing in the neighbors’ yard. Billy had short brown hair in a crew cut just like Tommy, but not now – he was wearing a curly red wig and had an apron tied around his waist. He was leaning over a doll’s baby carriage and pushing down on something. A little girl about the same size as Billy was standing on the other side of the carriage with her hands busy working on whatever was in the carriage. They laughed again and Tommy recognized it as the sound he had heard a block away. What was his little brother doing? He was acting like a girl. This had to stop and it had to stop right now.
Tommy marched purposefully up to the yard and stood on the sidewalk with his hands on his hips, candy bag dangling down. “Billy,” he startled them, “what are you doing?”
“Hi, Tommy, look,” Billy lifted his hands and up jumped a large black cat from the carriage. The little girl grabbed at it and pushed it back down. The poor thing was wearing a baby bonnet and a diaper and was meowing frantically. “We’re playing house,” Billy announced. “This is Tracy, she’s nine, and her sister, Noelle, is your age.” Billy jerked his head toward the front porch indicating a pretty blonde girl who was sitting on the floor of the porch between the bikes. 
Tommy was momentarily stunned. He wasn’t shy around girls, he had lots of friends at school that were girls, but he just wasn’t aware that she was sitting there watching him. It took him a moment to change from the accusing older brother act to a friendlier greeting.
“Hi,” Tommy said.
Both sisters answered at the same time. 
Tommy changed his tone and asked his question again as Noelle came down from the porch. “What’cha doin’?”
Billy was quick to explain how Tracy would use her cat as a real baby and once they got it calmed down they could push the stroller up and down the sidewalk.
“What’s with the wig?” Tommy asked.
“Oh!” Billy tore it off his head and handed it back to Tracy. “It’s hers. We … er … I was just keeping it out of the way while she fixed the cat. His name is Boots.”
“He’s almost bigger than Noodle, but that probably won’t stop Noodle from chasing him,” Tommy said.
Billy answered, “He did. Noodle did chase Boots. I put him in the back porch, though, and then I helped Tracy get Boots out of the tree.”
Noelle joined them and asked Tommy if he wanted to go bike riding with her. Why not? he thought.
“I’ll just put this in my room,” he said, indicating the bag of candy. She nodded and Tommy took off at a run for the back of the house. Grandma was still in the garden and he told her his plans then he went in through the back porch and was greeted by a very slobbery Noodle and the sound of the big clock in the living room. It was just chiming the first of the four notes it always rang on the quarter hour. Tommy was going to leave his bag under the chair with the books, but Noodle would sniff it out in a microsecond. Better hide it up high in his bedroom closet. First he fished out the gum and put two packs in his pocket. Then he headed toward the kitchen. In his hurry he raced through the old house not bothering to slow down as he passed the large old grandfather clock. His left foot landed hard right in front of the old timepiece and the door to the pendulum box swung out. Tommy had a sudden fear that the whole thing was going to topple over on him and he dropped the bag of candy and reached for the door to push it back closed again. He must have slammed it too hard because the clock wobbled and rang once more, then the pendulum ticked when it should have tocked and Tommy slipped through a hole in the floor and landed with a thud in the basement. 
Chapter 2 Not the Basement!

Only it wasn’t the basement. Tommy had fallen on his butt as soon as his feet hit the ground. Soft ground, luckily. There was clumpy grass under him and his heels were resting on a rock. But the rock was spongy. That was weird. It looked like a rock but it felt like a pillow. Maybe this was all a dream, he thought. He pinched himself and it hurt. He looked all around and everything was clear as day. This definitely was not a dream. He stood up and felt a little dizzy so he leaned over and rested his hands on his knees. He blinked his eyes several times and just stared at the ground. Little blue ants were scurrying every which way around the soft rock. Then he realized that the clump of grass he had been sitting on was also an interesting shade of blue, like the color of Noelle’s eyes. Then he laughed at himself for thinking such a silly thought. He straightened up again and the dizziness was gone. He had the strange feeling that he had been here before and he knew the way home. It was just over that hill. The hill that boasted two very tall blue Spruce trees. Very tall. Very blue. Now that he really looked around he saw that all the trees were blue. Blue leaves on every branch.
Tommy should have been scared, but this place felt comfortable. He started up the path toward the Spruce trees but stopped when he neared the top. He could hear voices. Just to be on the safe side he decided to step off the path and hide behind the tree. The voices sounded friendly but you never knew.
Tommy peered around the blue branches and watched.
“Step lightly, Miss Gwinn,” said a tall red-haired man as he passed a pretty young woman.
“Step lightly, Mr. Zerd,” she responded.
Tommy frowned at the greetings, wondering what had happened to the traditional “Good morning” or “Good afternoon”.
Neither of the two people headed his way. Miss Gwinn went right toward a two-story building while Mr. Zerd went left toward a pen holding several pink sheep. At least Tommy thought they were sheep, the sounds they were making sounded less like bleating and more like meowing. This was a most interesting place, Tommy thought, as he noticed two more people coming from behind the building. He heard the same greetings but then they lowered their voices and spoke in whispers. One of them pointed toward Tommy’s hideout and the other two looked quickly. Then Miss Gwinn went inside the building, but not before telling her friends to “step lightly” as if that were a goodbye.
If they were aware of him maybe he should step out into the open, he thought, then decided against that. He turned and headed back down the hill and then took the path in the opposite direction. It wound around several blue trees and into a forest of blue. There were several rocks littering the path, but every one that he stepped on was soft and springy. He began bouncing his way along from rock to rock. 
Suddenly a voice stopped him cold. “Step lightly there, young man!” The tall Mr. Zerd stood before him holding a pink sheep on a leash. “The marns won’t take kindly to your stepping on the backs of all their young.”
Tommy could see the man was concerned but not quite angry with him. “The marns?” Tommy asked.
“Oh, you’re a visitor, aren’t you?” He said the word visitor with more stress on the last syllable: visiTOR. “The marns are the soft rocks. They’re very sensitive.”
Tommy looked down at the path then back at the man and the animal. 
“Don’t step on them, visiTOR. Always take the left fork and pay for what you eat.” Mr. Zerd reached down to his sheep and grabbed a handful of the pink wool. He stretched his hand out in an offering of the pink stuff and Tommy didn’t know what he should do. Gingerly he reached his own hand out palm up and Mr. Zerd deposited the fluffy stuff in the middle. Tommy stared at it and Mr. Zerd could see he was confused so he put his own two hands around Tommy’s and squeezed the pink wool into his fist. When Tommy opened his hand he was surprised to find a hard round pink coin.
Mr. Zerd abruptly turned and spoke over his shoulder, “Step lightly.”
Tommy said, “Thank you,” and then more softly, “step lightly, you too.”
He watched the man and sheep go back up the right fork of the trail. The sheep was meowing as it followed. It, too, was stepping lightly around the marns.
Tommy turned the coin over in his hand and held it up closer to his eyes. There was an inscription that made no sense to him. He could only make out the last three words: land of Doldale. 
So, I’m in Doldale, he thought, and I have to keep taking the left fork, stay off the marns, pay for what I eat, and eventually I’ll get back to Grandma’s, ‘cuz here I’m just a visiTOR. He chuckled to himself and took off down the left trail.  
He walked for what seemed like hours and hours, miles and miles, without seeing another human being or animal. His stomach started to growl and he thought of the gum in his pocket. It might help to chew, he thought, but he would have preferred a sandwich or the dinner that he knew his grandmother was probably making right now. He unwrapped a stick and rolled it into a ball before putting it into his mouth. He crumpled the wrapper and tossed it away.
Suddenly there was a loud roar and a huge lion-like creature appeared from behind a large marn. Its head had the typical lion’s mane, but the body was fat and pig-like with a curly short tail. The mane was white and framed a very dark brown face while the body and tail were a gray tone. Tommy stood frozen to the spot as the beast sniffed at the gum wrapper and intermittently roared. 
Maybe the penalty for littering in Doldale was death. Tommy finally got the feeling back in his legs and he started to run back the way he had come. The roars of the lion behind him grew fainter and Tommy dared to glance back to see that he was not being followed. There was a group of marns ahead that looked like boulders. He was breathing heavily and getting a stitch in his side that ached. As he slowed his pace he headed toward the marns intending to sit down on one and rest. It was very comfortable sitting on a large marn. Quite soft and, he noticed, there was a sweet scent wafting upwards. If he wasn’t so hungry he could imagine himself taking a nap on one of these soft creatures. 
He heard a burbly sound and smelled more of the aroma. He breathed it in deeply. It smelled like nothing in particular but everything in general: Grandma’s garden, Mom’s perfume, Dad’s cologne, apple pie, fresh cookies, flowers, the meadow, cinnamon pancakes. It was making his stomach growl more but his eyes grew heavy. The scent was drugging him and he put his head down on the next marn and stretched between them. It was an odd yet comfortable bed and the second marn began to softly burble as well. More aromas arose: hot chocolate, fudge, popcorn, roses, tangerines. Tommy sank deeper into the marns and closed his eyes. He mouth fell open and the gum slipped out. He slept hard. 
Chapter 3 Step Lightly!“Boy!”

Tommy awoke with a start from the hard ground.
“What did you do?” Angrily a woman scolded him. “Get off the marns! They’re almost dead! Why, they’re flatter than a Doldale coin. What were you thinking? Step lightly, now.” She was fat and sweaty, with her face all scrunched up and puckered like a prune and she was stomping the ground with a thick walking stick.
Tommy rolled off the flattened marns onto his hands and knees and the coin he had in his pocket fell at his fingertips. 
The old woman’s eyes fixed on the pink coin and her face changed into a near approximation of a smile. “A pink. You have a pink, I see. Are you a visiTOR?” She pronounced it just like Zerd.
Tommy got up and nodded.
“Are you hungry? I’ll give you a whole dinner for that pink coin. A whole dinner and two blue coins in change.”
Tommy had no idea what a pink or a blue coin was worth, but he sure was hungry and dinner sounded great. He passed over the pink coin and the old woman gave him two blue coins from her pocket. Then she cracked off the rounded top of the walking stick and bit into it as she shoved the rest of the stick in Tommy face. “There you go, boy. Enjoy and step lightly,” she said as she chewed noisily, crunching on another bit of the piece. She mumbled under her breath, “Can’t have a visiTOR eating the best part.”
“Wait a minute,” Tommy began, but the old woman was fast. She jumped over a marn at the side of the trail, bent down and grabbed a handful of the blue grass, then disappeared behind a humongous tree trunk.
Tommy was stunned. He had just bought a walking stick for dinner. He looked at it. It appeared to be a giant pretzel. The top part where she had broken off the rounded head was flaky and warm. He smelled the top. Hot pretzel. He bit off a tiny portion and rolled it around on his tongue before chewing it up. Yum. He broke off a bigger piece and stuffed it into his watering mouth. Delicious. This wasn’t a bad deal after all. And he had two blue coins left. Perhaps Zerd and the old woman were nice, generous citizens of Doldale.
He looked around for a place to sit and eat. The flattened marns were starting to puff back up; he hadn’t killed them after all, but maybe he shouldn’t stick around here. There was that lion to worry about up the trail and apparently the marns had parents that could crush him.  He didn’t want to go back down the trail and walk hours and hours back to where Zerd and Gwinn were. He stood and ate and thought. 
The walking stick was changing flavors now. The center was meaty and juicy and a bit salty. Tommy was just beginning to worry about getting thirsty when he broke off a piece and saw that the hollow center was filled with liquid. He drank down the cool refreshing fluid in mighty gulps, following it with a satisfied belch. The bottom of the stick was dessert, sort of like a peach cobbler with a crunchy sugary crust. Not bad.
As he ate he made a decision to follow the old woman and not stick to the trail. Though Zerd had told him to always take the left fork he didn’t think that was possible with the lion up the way. Maybe the old woman would help him if he gave her back the blue coins.
He stepped over the marn and followed the crushed blue grass that marked the old woman’s steps. He noticed where she had pulled up a handful of blades and wondered why she had done that. Then he moved around the giant tree and stepped in front of a welcome mat. A likeness of the old woman’s face was embroidered on it in the middle. Above it said “Lorlynn” and below in fancy script was written “Step lightly”. There was a door on the tree with a glass window. He put one foot on the mat and reached forward about to knock. As he put his second foot on the mat he began to descend, his outstretched hand scraping the knuckles on the bark. Then before he could jump off there was a sudden “swhoosh” sound and the welcome mat/elevator landed ten feet below and he fell down at the feet of the old woman.
“How rude, boy! Don’t you know to knock before you enter? Terkling visiTOR.” She mumbled that last part under her breath, obviously cursing him.
“I’m sorry,” Tommy stuttered, “I just wanted to ask you for help.” He stood up and as he did the welcome mat shot upwards.
“Help? What kind of help? You’ve already done your sleeping, and on the marns, too. And you’ve eaten your dinner, I see. So what could I do for you? I’m busy, visiTOR, I have to make another dinner.” She turned away from him and took two steps to a large cauldron that was tipped on its side. Tommy could see it was full of blue grass and there was half a walking stick being used as a stirring spoon. The old woman, Lorlynn, grabbed the end of the stick and made two stirs in one direction and two more in the other. The stick grew longer.
“I just want to get home. How do the other visitors, I mean visiTORS, get home?” Tommy slumped his shoulders and tried to look pathetic, hoping she would take pity on him. “Please, Miss Lorlynn, please help me.”
“I can’t show you or we’ll both be in the dungeon. Better you ask Mr. Zerd.” She turned her back again and stirred some more.
“Mr. Zerd told me to always take the left fork and pay for what I eat. He gave me the pink coin that said Doldale that I used to pay for the dinner you gave me. But I can’t take the left fork because there’s a lion or some kind of beast up that way.” He paused for breath but Lorlynn answered.
“If you’ve already talked to Zerd then you know all you have to know. I don’t know what a lion is, but if there’s some kind of beast on the left fork path, then it was left there by another visiTOR and it shouldn’t do YOU any harm. Just ignore it. Now climb up the tree there and be gone,” she nodded toward a series of rungs that ended at the door with the window. “And jump OVER the terkling mat, don’t forget.”
Tommy started climbing and reached the door, which automatically opened. He leaped over the mat and looked back as the door closed. The old woman’s face was in the window smiling. How did she climb up so fast? Tommy smiled and waved and Lorlynn’s face disappeared.
He went around the tree and found his way back to the path. The marns he had slept on were puffed back up to their original size, but something was different. A tree was growing between them now. It hadn’t been there before. Curiously Tommy felt the bark and ran his hand up and down the trunk. He reached up and put all his weight on a branch. How could such a thing happen so quickly? Time was all screwed up here. 
The leaves of this incredible new tree were as blue as every other growing thing. But as he looked up into the branches he could see pink rectangles scattered throughout. They looked just like sticks of gum. Tommy remembered that he had been chewing gum before he fell asleep on the marns. Could this tree have grown from the one piece he had chewed?
He jumped up and threw his leg up over the limb, nimbly climbing the new tree. He reached for a stick of gum and smelled it before plunging it into his mouth. Yup. It was gum, all right, the same flavor he had been chewing. Maybe he should drop his coins, he thought, and start a bank.
He dropped to the ground and started down the left fork.
Tommy had gone just about as far as he thought he had gone before and he expected to encounter the lion at any moment. He started to tiptoe just in case the beast was sleeping and he could pass unnoticed. Then he saw it. It was sleeping; in fact it was snoring loudly, under the shade of a new blue paper tree. All the paper looked like gum wrappers. It almost made sense, the gum tree, now the gum wrapper tree, but what about the lion? What had some visiTOR left to create such a monster? A stuffed animal?
He kept creeping on, following the path, stepping lightly around the smallest of marns, chewing his gum, thinking and wondering. What would happen next? 
Chapter 4 Marn Rocks & Crysta-lins

The path ended abruptly at a wall of rock. There was no going left or right around the mammoth rock without leaving the safety of the path. There were boulder-sized marns everywhere and he didn’t dare step on those. He would have to climb up and have a look around. 
This couldn’t be the parent marn, Tommy hoped, as he started to climb. It was hard and scratchy, but it was odd that it would just suddenly show up blocking his path. He found another foothold and heaved himself higher up onto a ledge. He looked back down at the blue landscape below and thought how fuzzy the things in the distance seemed. Maybe he needed glasses; he had been squinting a lot at the blackboard last year. He climbed straight up and came to a flat top that was somewhat spongy to walk on. He reached down and pressed his fingers into the rock. It was as soft as the small marns he had stepped on when he first arrived in this strange land. The rock began to vibrate and Tommy lost his balance. He tumbled forward just as the rock, or perhaps “mother marn”, started to roll down the path. At first he leaped up and started walking upright just to stay on the top, but then he realized that the marn was gathering speed and was going in the direction he had just come from. He quickly scrambled forward and down the backside. It was as hard as going down the up escalator back at the mall. He kicked off and landed with a thud on the path right about where he had first been blocked by the giant marn, but now the marn was behind him. 
Tommy hurried along, stepping lightly of course, and glancing back from time to time to be sure the angry rock wasn’t rolling this way to crush him. The two blue coins jingle-jangled in his pocket and kept rhythm to his speed. The smaller marns in his way seemed to be spaced in such a way that he had to hop and skip in patterns. It became a game and he got better and faster, but he was not paying attention to anything around him other than the trail.
A peal of thunder clapped loudly nearby followed by three more bangs. Tommy watched for lightning, but there was not a cloud in the sky. Strangely the sky was turning from a normal blue to a sunset of greens. There were all shades of green, but none of the usual sunset colors. He thought again of the crashing sound of what he had assumed was thunder. When he replayed it in his mind it reminded him of the Grandfather clock he wasn’t supposed to run past. Four dongs close together; it must be quarter after something.
The path was sloping downwards now and the going was easier as there were fewer and fewer marns to avoid.
The green sunset spread before him like a picture and he could see the outline of a cityscape beneath the bottom shades of green. But the path was veering to the right and would soon disappear into a forest of blue. Tommy was hesitant to enter the darkening woods, but since he had no better option he continued on. The forest immediately enveloped him, not only with sights and sounds, but also with strange smells. Bad smells, skunky smells, burnt rubber smells, ashtray smells. The sounds were better: songbirds and owls. The sights were strange. Each tree was twisted and grew in unexpected directions. He sometimes had to crawl or climb over and under limbs in the way of the trail. The skunky smell pursued him and seemed to grow stronger in his nostrils until he thought he would burst from the stink. He breathed through his mouth and found that he could taste the stench. Chewing his gum faster didn’t help.
The trail grew narrower and harder to follow because of the trees. Ahead of him he saw a flock of small birds darting from tree to tree singing madly. An owl flew straight at him and nipped his ear. He burst threw the tangled branches of a blue spruce and scattered the songbirds. When he did Tommy was stunned to find that the path split into two sets of forks. There was a sign between the two right paths that said: Luruss, 1,388 steps. The sign between the two left paths said: Doldale, 1,979 steps.
It wasn’t a hard decision for Tommy; he chose the far left path to Doldale. Only one thousand nine hundred seventy nine steps and maybe he could get out of here. With the dark blue forest behind him and the green sunset once again in front of him he knew he had to hurry to make it before dark.
He spit out his gum and started counting his steps out loud, running a little, half jogging. There was not a single marn to get in his way, but he kept his eyes on the path not looking up at all until something bopped him in the head. He stopped short and was hit again from behind. As if suspended from golden threads, there were large diamond-shaped crystals floating in the air above his head and in front of him across the trail. A small silver sign at the side of the path warned of this latest phenomenon. “Beware the crysta-lins. Breathe heavy or stay in Doldale.”
Tommy pondered the message. Obviously these beautiful objects were crysta-lins, but since the sign said to beware of them they might be dangerous or poisonous or something. 
He felt his forehead where the first one smacked him. He wasn’t bleeding but there was a bump there and it itched. The back of his head also sported a lump and he scratched around the spot. They felt like giant mosquito bites.
What could the sign mean? Breathe heavy? He blew at the first crysta-lin and it withered before his eyes. He heard a pathetic cry and he instantly felt sorry. The beautiful object puddled at his feet and melted. Then two more, much larger, crysta-lins blocked his way. He pushed them aside with his hands and moved forward a few steps. His hands began to itch dreadfully. More crysta-lins of all sizes, very beautiful and sparkly, hovered around him. He had no choice but to breathe heavily on each one watching them drop and disintegrate sadly into the ground. He continued on in this way until he was quite light headed from all the huffing and puffing and he feared he would pass out before he reached Doldale. He had lost track of the number of steps he had taken but surely it was over a thousand as the city seemed twice as close as before.  He was elated when abruptly there were no more crysta-lins to block his way, however, a gate closed the path from further progress.
“Pay the toll, visiTOR!” screamed a childlike man from behind the gate. “Pay the toll! How much do you have?”
“Two blue coins,” Tommy obediently answered. The man looked harmless enough.
“Are they Doldale or Luruss?” he demanded.
Tommy didn’t have the slightest idea. He emptied his pocket and held the blue coins up to the fading light. He assumed they must be Doldale coins but he could just make out the letters l, u, and r.
“I guess they’re Luruss,” he answered.
The small man’s eyes gleamed, “Toss them over.”
Tommy did and the little man ate them like candy then screamed even louder, “Not allowed! No Luruss coins allowed here! To the dungeon with you!” He pulled a lever by the gate before Tommy had a chance to react and the ground opened up and for the second time Tommy dropped down, down. 
Chapter 5 The Dungeon

The dungeon was dark, naturally, although there were fiery torches on each of the four walls that illuminated the cave-like room. Tommy hit the hard ground faster than he had a chance to even scream a word of surprise. He needed a moment to process this new experience so he sat dumbfounded for a few minutes. He had been astonished to see the little man eat the coins. Why would he do that? And if Luruss coins weren’t allowed here why had the old woman given them to him? He thought he knew. He was a visiTOR and he could be tricked. 
Well, he thought, he had gotten himself out of every other predicament here; he would just have to figure his way out of this problem, too. He rose up and took the torch from the closest wall. He held the flame close to the floor, the wall, the ceiling, then moved around and slowly examined his prison. When he had thought he had made a complete circle he realized that there were still four torches on the walls plus the one he had in his hand. He couldn’t be sure that he had checked all the walls. They seemed identical. He removed another torch and stood staring at the empty wooden torch holder half expecting another torch to magically appear. Nothing happened. With a burning torch in each hand he made the circuit again, glancing back at the empty holder from time to time to keep his perspective. But instead of examining four walls he found that there were five walls this time and the room was much larger though there was still no door, no window, no hole, no escape.
Tommy decided he had made a mistake the first time. The dungeon couldn’t have grown. He glanced back toward the empty torch holder, but another flaming torch was burning there. He shook his head and counted all the torches along the walls. Now there were six plus the two in his hands. The room was larger yet, but no brighter even with the extra torches. He wondered just how big he could make this place. He set the two torches down in the middle of the area and ran from wall to wall collecting and pitching the flaming sticks into the center. He counted as he circled the great room. Eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve. The pile in the center was beginning to grow larger than any bonfire he had seen at camp. Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen. He was getting tired and running out of breath. Sixteen, seventeen. So much fire now and smoke, too. He couldn’t throw the torches all the way to the middle anymore; it was too far. Tommy stood at torch number eighteen and looked. What once had been a small square room was now huge and almost round. Flames from the far opposite walls looked like matches.
Tommy rested his hand on the base of the eighteenth torch, but didn’t lift it up out of the holder. “I wish I hadn’t done that,” he mumbled aloud.
“Who’s there?” someone demanded.
Tommy stiffened. His eyes searched the dimness madly, but there were only flame shadows. “Just me.”
“Who’s me? Where are you?” the voice softened. It sounded like another boy his own age.
“I’m Tommy. Tommy McArthur. I’m in the dungeon.”
“Oh, the dungeon. Well, why are you there? What did you do?”
Tommy felt silly talking to thin air but he replied just the same, “I tried to pay the toll at the gate with two blue coins, Luruss coins, that weren’t allowed. The gate keeper pulled a lever and sent me here.”
“Oh, are you from Luruss?”
“No, I’m not from anywhere around here. I kept taking the left fork trying to get back home somehow, but stuff keeps happening.”
“The left fork, you say? Are you a visiTOR?”
Tommy didn’t want to lie though he wasn’t sure telling the truth would help him. He hesitated then decided on the truth. “Yes, I am.”
“Then I want to meet you. Come out of the dungeon at once,” the young voice ordered.
“But how?”
“That’s easy. Blow out one torch and they’ll all go out.”
That’s silly, Tommy thought, but he obeyed anyway and took a deep breath. The eighteenth torch withered and faded as he blew, as did all the rest of the torches. In an instant the dungeon went black.
“Open your eyes, visiTOR.”
Tommy did and found himself in a lavish palace chamber. He was standing as he had been in the dungeon, only his hand now rested on a lovely glass sconce that shed a pink light about the room. He could hardly take it in. The furniture was plentiful and luxurious. The floor was covered with furs and on the walls hung tapestries and great paintings. The high ceiling was golden with beams the size of oak trees.
A voice behind him made him jerk his head around. “There! You see. You’re out of the dungeon. And even I can’t send you back. Well, I could, but now you know how to get out so, well, uh . . .” 
The two boys stared at each other. They were opposites. Tommy was thin. The other boy was stocky. Tommy had short, short hair. The other boy’s hair was long and curly, down to his shoulders. For an instant Tommy was confused. The voice had sounded male, but the long curls shouted female. He had to at least ask for a name. “Hi, like I said, I’m Tommy. What’s your name?”
“I am Hackley, Prince of Doldale.” He swept a large feathered hat off his head and bowed deeply. Tommy wanted to laugh as the prince’s curls dangled over his face. The whole gesture, the look, the hat, everything reminded Tommy of the three Musketeers. 
But Tommy politely bowed, too, and said, “Pleased to meet you.”
The prince waited expectantly then prompted, “Well, do you have a gift for me?”
Tommy thought quickly then pulled a package of gum out of his pocket. “This is for you, Prince Hackley.”
The prince frowned at such a small and simply wrapped gift. Then he brightened, “What is it? Is it magic?”
Tommy explained about gum then added as an afterthought, “It is a type of magic in that you can chew it for just about forever. Try one.”
The prince gently drew out a stick and pulled the wrapper off. He sniffed it a bit and licked one side before setting it on his tongue. Finally he started to chew. He seemed pleased and Tommy relaxed.
“You can blow bubbles with it and make a loud popping sound, too. That really annoys teachers,” Tommy added.
“What are teachers?” the Prince asked.
“Teachers, you know, the grown-ups who teach you stuff. At school,” Tommy answered.
“School?” the prince echoed. “What is school?”
“Oh, man,” Tommy looked admiringly at the young prince, “you probably don’t have to go to school. You probably have tutors to teach you stuff like history, geography, English, and math. Oh, and science.”
The Prince chewed slowly on the gum and eyed Tommy suspiciously. “I don’t know many of these words you’re using. Answer my question. What is school?”
Tommy thought a moment then gave the most basic explanation he could think of, starting with the building itself, the classrooms, the kids, and each subject. As he gave more and more details the Prince sat down on a large round ottoman and gestured to Tommy to sit on the fur on the floor.  Prince Hackley asked for more particulars and Tommy felt obligated to enlighten him on the finer points of a public education, like recess, art, music, and gym. It took quite a while and Tommy hadn’t even properly thanked him for releasing him from the dungeon yet.
“This is fascinating,” the Prince proclaimed. “I shall have to ask my father to institute a school for all the people in Doldale, young and old.” 
“You might not be too popular after a while,” Tommy warned, “only girls like school.” For a moment he was afraid that the Prince was going to ask him what a girl was, but the Prince’s strange look was not about that.
“My jaws are tired,” Prince Hackley announced. He took the gum from his mouth and stared at the glob. “Can I save it for later?”
“Yeah, but it’ll get hard. Just throw it away and get a new one.”
To Tommy’s surprise the prince threw the gum straight over his head toward a wall where it smacked onto a colorful tapestry and stuck. Tommy thought to himself that he would have to be more careful of what he said.
“Prince Hackley,” Tommy began again, “I’d really like to thank you for getting me out of that dungeon. Will you tell me how to get home?”
The prince shook his curls and got up from the ottoman. “VisiTORS always take the left fork. It’s as easy as that.” Hackley looked down at Tommy and asked, “Do you ride?”
“Yeah.” Tommy assumed he meant bikes.
“Come with me. I have a new Zeebian and you can ride my old one.”
Tommy didn’t protest and followed the Prince out of the lovely room and through one hallway and down another, past several large sitting rooms and through what must have been a ballroom. Then they stepped outside into a pink and blue garden. A winding path took them past several strange fountains that looked like prehistoric animals spitting up. Tommy kept close behind the Prince while still trying to take in all of his surroundings. The palace grounds were like none he had ever read about or imagined. 
“Just ignore the Williants,” the prince said. “Don’t even answer their stupid questions.”
Tommy had no idea what he was talking about. Williants? Questions? He neither heard nor saw anyone else, but he decided not to admit that to the Prince.
Soon they arrived at a round enclosure much like a rodeo ring. Though the dirt was like blue dust the rest of the scene seemed familiar. A red barn, taller than most, stood at one end of the ring. A very tall door was closed and barred. At the other end of the ring was a gate that opened to a walled maze, only the beginning of which Tommy could see. The ring itself was enclosed with a very high fence, easily climbable by a boy such as Tommy. The Prince was already three feet up and continuing. Tommy followed. At the top both boys swung a leg over and balanced. The Prince removed his feathered hat and held it out at his side.
“Here, Willie, take this hat and bring me two riding hats.”
Instantly the hat disappeared and Tommy felt the rails wiggle as if someone were climbing down. He braced himself against the jiggling and noticed a series of footprints appear and disappear in the blue dust below. Then the tall barn door opened, but only at the bottom, like a pet door. A moment later the little door closed and Tommy spotted the footprints returning. Again the rails moved and suddenly there were two strange, pointy hats in the Prince’s hands. He handed one to Tommy and explained, “Queen’s orders. We can’t ride without these.”
Tommy took one and put it on. He no longer expected to be riding bikes but expected maybe something in the category of horse.
“Okay, Willie, let the Zeebians out.” And with that the rails rattled again, the blue dust quaked as the tiny footprints hurried along toward the barn, then the whole tall door slowly opened and Tommy had the surprise of his life.

You have finished reading the first 5 chapters of A TICK IN TIME. This book is available in paperback and digital e-book format. If you’d like to find out how to purchase this or any other of Debra Chapoton’s adventure books for kids, please go to Smashwords at http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DebraChapoton or visit the website http://www.bigpinelodgebooks.com 

Please continue the sampling with our last selection from BIGFOOT DAY, NINJA NIGHT.
BIGFOOT DAY, NINJA NIGHT
Chapter 1 – Pooped Out

Yeah, I’m one of the cool kids. But I don’t think I’m cool. Really. It’s just that all the other kids at Jayno Adams Elementary School think so. I guess it’s ‘cause I’m tall. Kids call me “Morning” as a nickname ‘cause my initials are A.M. That’s cool. Anyway, I hang with the cool kids. Like Austin Michaels, he’s my best friend. I tell people he’s like a brother to me. They always laugh. And we play, I mean hang, with mostly cool girls like Sydney Lock. And Callie Stone. They are way cool.
But cool won’t help you against Bigfoot.
Okay, I know you don’t believe we saw Bigfoot. But we did. This is what happened:
It was Saturday and we were having our annual school fair. You know, bouncy house, face painting and the other usual stuff. Our school backs up to a humongous woods and that woods borders a marshland and another state forest. So it’s like really wild and we used to climb over the fence at recess and dare each other to play hide-and-seek. The fourth-grade teacher, Mrs. Buckley, caught us once and we missed a week of recess. Anyway, it’s spooky in there and my grandpa told me about hobos that used to sleep there. I didn’t know what a hobo was. It was some dirty, stinky homeless man who would ride the trains for free and beg for food and then steal chickens and stuff from farmers. I told Austin and Sydney and Callie about the hobos and then I would yell, “Hobo!” and everybody would run for safety. 
Anyway, we were at the school fair and the four of us decided it was pretty lame and we headed for the fence intending to mess around in the woods a while.
Sydney was the first one over and she took off running like a horse and yelling, “Not it!” Then she stumbled and fell smack into something that was brown and gooey and smelled really, really bad.
The thing about Sydney is you never see her not smiling. This was probably like the first time I ever saw her without a grin on her face.
“Eeuuy,” Callie said when she reached her. Austin and I just stared and covered our mouths and noses.
Sydney got up and looked around for some big leaves to wipe herself off with. The leaves she used just crumbled and she ended up smearing the brown stuff on her shirt and legs even more. 
Callie handed her some wet wipes she kept in her back pocket. You could always count on Callie for a tissue or a bandaid or anything.
“Don’t just stand there, Morning,” Sydney said to me. “Move.”
I didn’t get why she was telling me to move until I followed her eyes down to my feet and saw that I was standing on her cell phone. I had ignored the wobbly feel of the hard object along with the equally wobbly feel of the larger rocks I had been balancing on.
“Sorry.” I picked it up and handed it over. She checked and of course it didn’t work. Our parents had this rule that at least one of us had to have a cell on us when we weren’t home. No problem. Usually we all had them with us. Except at school. Jayno Adams’ new principal was mean about it. No cells phones at school! It was just habit that we didn’t bring them to school so I, for one, didn’t even think of grabbing mine to come to the fair.
Syd gave me a smile and was cool about the phone. I mean, really, why get your panties in a bunch? The brown stuff that was drying on her legs was more panty-bunchable. I really wanted to get my nose out of the whiff zone.
“What do ya think that stuff is?” Austin was curious. He kept staring at the enormous dung pile. “It’s more loose and puddly than dog doo. There aren’t any cows in the woods, I don’t think, so it’s not a cowpie. What kind of animal leaves a turd that big and wet?” Austin was our resident expert on the types and colors of droppings. I once saw him scrape white bird droppings off a fence post with his fingernail and sniff it. He claimed he was making sure it wasn’t bat poop. Like who cares?
“Maybe it’s from Bigfoot,” Callie offered. She’s probably the most timid and easily scared of the four of us. This is where I should have made some growling, scary sound and gotten everybody freaked out and running back to the fair. So I guess it’s my fault that instead of going back and having a normal day we went deeper into the woods.
“It’s a quest!” Sydney turned and started leaping over logs and ferns and leading us followers on. “Let’s find Mr. Bigfoot Poopy Pants.” 
I don’t believe that girl. Most girls would have been horrified to have a soda spilled on their clothes let alone some you-know-what. I couldn’t imagine Callie or me or Austin in her place.
So, we followed her. And let me tell you, we could have followed her blindfolded, just by smelling her. It seemed like that stuff was getting stinkier as it dried. I swear I could see lines of scent waving back from her like in a cartoon. 
And here we go, off to find Mr. Bigfoot Poopy Pants. Brother! If one of the not-cool kids had said that, well, we would have been rolling our eyes. But Sydney’s funny.
I half smiled to myself, but then I frowned as it seemed like the forest got darker around us. We all stopped at the same instant. We couldn’t believe our eyes!
Chapter 2 –Back tracking

“What in heaven’s name is that?” Callie exclaimed. She’s really into church stuff and heaven comes up a lot. That’s cool.
“It’s not poop.” Austin was proud of his comment.
We circled around as if we were going to join hands and do some silly folk dance. But we were all looking down at the gigantic, enormous, super-sized two-toed foot print that had smashed a dozen ant hills.
For once I didn’t have anything to say.
Sydney crouched down and stretched her hand across the imprint. I think each toe was as big as her hand.
“Is this Bigfoot?” Sydney whispered. I wondered why she wasn’t trembling ‘cause I was.
“No such thing,” Callie was shaking her head, “my mom said so.” Callie’s mom was like one of the smartest grown-ups any of us knew, smarter than our teachers, for sure.
“No ants,” Austin stated. I thought that was a little off the subject until he added, “Guess the ants haven’t had time to rebuild their little mounds. Guess that means Mr. Two-toes just made this footprint like a minute ago.”
So then it was like everybody did that bobble-head thing with their necks as we all looked around in every direction. Something big, something not human, something with just two toes was out there in the darkening forest. Probably close by.
“Let’s get outta here!” I said in a hoarse whisper. I was first to move and I headed off in what I thought then was the opposite direction of Mr. Two-toes, based on the way the toes were pointing.
My fault again. But how was I supposed to know that this creature, this humongous Sasquatch, had been walking backwards?
Chapter 3 – Blood

Okay, so we were running in a straight line, jumping over logs and stuff and brushing spider webs out of our eyes. I managed to stay in front. Longer legs, you know. It wasn’t that I was any more scared than anyone else.
“Wait, you guys!” Callie was calling from the back of the pack. “Hey, Morning, slow up. I can’t run in these sandals.”
I did a quick glance back. Austin was right on my heels with Sydney a few feet behind him. Callie was lagging. Sandals or not, she had better put a move on, hustle, put the pedal to the metal, get the lead out. 
Oh my gosh, I was starting to sound like old Mrs. Buckley, the fourth grade teacher. She was a font of knowledge, a treasure trove of information, a . . . oh, there I go again.
“Morning! Stop! I think we’re going the wrong way,” Callie was just trying to make me stop. Well, yeah.
I glanced back again and Syd and Austin had already halted and were doing that swivel-head thing again. Up and around, looking everywhere, eyes and heads moving in every direction at once.
So I stopped, too. Might as well. No sense in me getting separated.
“What makes you think we’re going in the wrong direction?” I asked.
Callie pointed up at the sky. “The sun.” 
Now I know that Callie gets good grades. We all do. But it just wasn’t fair how she would know some stuff and could do some stuff that just didn’t fit for kids our age. Like always know what time it was without a watch. Like know when the car was going north or east without looking at the compass on the dashboard. Like look at an outdoor photo in my mom’s family album and say what time of year it was taken because of the shadows (and mom said she was right).
So when she said, “The sun,” I was instantly in agreement with her.
“Right. Okay. Which way should we go, Callie?”
She spun around and pointed pretty much back the way we had just come.
“But what about the monster?” Austin said.
“Yeah, the monster,” Sydney echoed.
Callie simply shrugged her shoulders and reached down to tighten her left sandal.
“Okay!” I hollered. I wasted absolutely no time at all in refocusing my single-minded quest for the way out of these woods.
Again Austin was right on my tail, in front of the girls. I’ll have to teach him about manners sometime, you know, ladies first and all that, but for now it was everybody for himself.
Sydney waited a bit for Callie and then it was the four of us pounding through the underbrush. It still seemed to be getting darker and the trees were taller and the ferns were thicker and the spiders were bigger and now the mosquitoes were buzzing our faces.
“Watch out, Morning!” Austin warned me, but it was too late. I had been swatting frantically and I missed seeing the fallen branch across the trail. My long legs took the impact in the middle of my shins and I went sprawling. 
I was cool, though. I did one of those tuck rolls we learned in gym and for the first time ever I sort of popped up like it was a planned acrobatic move. Must have been some natural ability I didn’t know I had.
“You okay?” Sydney bent lower and inspected my legs. “Callie, more wipes.”
She popped out two more wet wipes and I soaked up the blood that was running down my shin and into my shoe. I tossed the bloody wipes on the trail and Callie instantly scolded me. I wasn’t thinking. Callie is like the neatest person ever. There’s no chance of getting away with littering when she’s around. I retrieved them and stuffed them into my back pocket – something fun for mom to find when she does the laundry.
“You’re still bleeding,” Sydney said. “Callie, band aid.”
Now, this is where the world gets really scary because Callie checked every pocket and she didn’t have even one band aid. And then she got real pale.
“It’s okay,” I said, “It’s not like I’m going to leave a trail of blood for the two-toed giant Bigfoot creature to follow. It’s almost dried.”
But Callie wasn’t thinking about that and she wasn’t pale because she got another whiff of Sydney either. It was something else.
“I can’t tell which direction to go now. I can’t see the sky.”
Chapter 4 - Sounds

So there we were. Lost. Deep in the dark forest. Monsters lurking. Mosquitoes buzzing. Spiders watching. Blood dripping. Dried poop stinking. Or something else . . .
“Okay, who let one?”
“Not me.”
“Not me.”
“It wasn’t me, either, and it’s different from this stuff that’s dried on me,” Sydney smiled as she said this. Nothing gets to that girl. I think she’s happy to be lost.
“Maybe it’s the creature.” Callie said this like she knew the creature personally and, well, it’s just the creature. Yeah, that’s all, the creature just had a little gas, no biggy.
I wasn’t falling for it. I made a face. I turned. I sniffed. I turned again, sniffed again. I picked a direction. There was nothing stinky to the left so that was going to be our new path. The others followed like the little lambs they are.
“Hey, let’s sing.” We just ignored Sydney on that one. Way to not be cool.
“I don’t get why it’s so dark,” Callie said as she stumbled along, last in our miniature parade. “It’s only a little bit after one. Maybe. I think.”
“Yeah,” Austin agreed. “We just had lunch before we came. We haven’t been out here that long.” He really stretched out the word “that” when he said it. We haven’t been out here thaaaaaaaaaaaaat long. 
I wouldn’t be making a big deal about how he said it, but it was just that when he was stretching out the word I heard another sound. A sound that could have been someone else trying to mimic him. Not an echo exactly. Just the “aaaaaa” sound, like a sheep’s bleat or a bubble stuck in your throat or the witch in “The Wizard of Oz” before she says “my pretty.”
“Aaaaaaaaaa.” There it was again.
“What was that?” I asked. I glanced back and again everyone was swinging their heads all around. I knew that they had heard it, too. I could imagine all their arm and leg hairs popping out straight with goose pimply fright. Our parade line was tightening up fast as Austin crowded up closer to me and Sydney reached for Austin and Callie closed in on Syd.
“The Bigfoot,” Austin breathed.
“Mr. Two-toes,” Sydney said at the same time.
Callie was a second behind, “Mr. Poopy Pants.”
Well, we all had to laugh at that. Callie comes out with some good ones all the time. She just slides in a comment that may be only a few words, but she makes us all burst out laughing. 
That’s what we did. We started to laugh and we couldn’t seem to stop. My sides started aching and Austin was clutching his stomach. This is what I found out later is called hysteria. You start laughing and then you can’t stop yourself and you change to crying or you start crying and the opposite happens and you start laughing. It’s really weird. 
We were still at the laughing stage, but I could see that there were tears in Syd and Callie’s eyes. And sure enough, the next thing I knew they were crying like babies.
I might have been, too. Austin punched me and then he started yelling at us all to be quiet because he thought he heard something. 
Chapter 5 – Predator

“Aaaaaaaaaaaaa. Rrrrrrrrrrrrr.”
We huddled. We cuddled. We trembled. 
The bushes were shaking and something was definitely moving closer.
We all started screaming and then the bushes started screaming, too.
And then Natalie broke through some dense pine boughs, still screaming.
Okay, back to the hysteria thing. Should we laugh or cry? What a relief it was that the noise we had heard, that “aaaaaaaa”, was just Natalie making her usual grumbling expressions. After you’re around her for a while you start to understand her grunts and growls. She can talk, of course, and her last book report in class was like the best one ever, but her family likes to engage in what I would call “Caveman language”. Her dad can actually tell a joke without using any English.
So, it was Natalie.
Austin was the first to speak real words, “Natalie, awesome, we thought you couldn’t make the fair or we would have waited for you.”
Natalie gave one of her typical half-smiles, a teeny little smirk, a slight upturn of the left side of her mouth, a semi-sneer. Gee, maybe I learned a lot from Mrs. Buckley in fourth grade after all.
Natalie dropped the mini-smile and said, “We got back from Evan’s thing in time.” Evan is her older brother. He’s high school cool. “I’ve been following you guys since you got to the fence. I saw you climb over and I was yelling, but I guess you couldn’t hear me.” She gave a little “hhmmff” sound that we all knew meant she really believed that we hadn’t heard her and weren’t trying to ditch her and she was cool with trying to catch up with us. Yeah, really, one little sound from her says that much.
“There’s a big animal-monster-bigfoot thing in the woods,” Sydney informed her, “and he’s got diarrhea.” She waved her fingers in front of her stained shirt and shorts. Natalie’s lip curled up toward her nose.
“Sydney tripped in it. And I’ve got blood on my legs from when I tripped,” I said and looked down to check if the bleeding was still stopped. It was.
“Did you see the footprint?” Callie asked.
Natalie just shook her head no.
“Two-toes this big.” Syd held her hand out, fingers spread wide.
Natalie’s eyes widened. I guess she used all her words up when she first spoke.
Austin, I just noticed, was still bobbing his head all around, checking the branches above and looking around and behind us. That got me nervous. Maybe he was still hearing things.
Maybe the creature was tracking Natalie. You know, a victim alone. One small girl. Cute. Helpless. Making little noises that would attract a predator. Predator was a spelling word we had last month. Cool that I get to use it in a sentence. 
“I think we should go,” Austin said. “Natalie, do you know the way back?”
“Hhkkm.”
I guess not.
We looked at Callie. She shrugged her shoulders. Her internal compass was still broken.
“Let’s vote,” Sydney grinned. “Everybody close your eyes and point in the direction you think we should go. Then we’ll open our eyes and see which direction most of us are pointing. Okay?” 
We all nodded.
“Close your eyes and point. Now one, two, three, open your eyes.”
In the couple of seconds our eyes were closed I was sure that, even though there are four basic directions, when I opened my eyes I’d find out that five hands would be pointing in five different directions.
I think everybody had the same thought, but you’ll never guess what I saw when I opened my eyes.

You have finished the final selection preview.
Want to find out what happens next in all of these stories? Go to the author’s Smashwords page http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/DebraChapoton or the website http://www.bigpinelodgebooks.com to read summaries, watch video trailers and find out more about how to purchase these kids’ adventure books.
Thank you for taking the time to check out these fine books. Below is a list of all books by Debra Chapoton.

Chapter Books:
THE SECRET IN THE HIDDEN CAVE
MYSTERY’S GRAVE
BULLIES AND BEARS
A TICK IN TIME
BIGFOOT DAY, NINJA NIGHT 
NICK BAZEBAHL and THE FORBIDDEN TUNNELS
NICK BAZEBAHL and THE RED TUNNELS
NICK BAZEBAHL and THE WORMHOLE TUNNELS
NICK BAZEBAHL and THE MINING TUNNELS
NICK BAZEBAHL and THE CARTOON TUNNELS

Young Adult:
EDGE OF ESCAPE
DRAGONFOOT

Non-fiction
CROSSING THE SCRIPTURES


