


The
Follower




Stephen Morley



January 2012





Copyright and publishing information
Moses Trod
by Stephen Morley
Smashwords edition.
Published by Exoddy Books.

Exoddy Books, 
PO Box 1206, 
GUILDFORD, 
GU1 9RH
United Kingdom.
The right of Stephen Morley to be identified as the author of the work has been asserted by him in accordance with the United Kingdom Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988.
Text: © 2012 Stephen Morley
Maps: © 2012 Stephen Morley
Illustrations: © 2012 Eileen Morley
Cover design and Double-Cross symbol: © 2012 Eileen and Stephen Morley.

Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this ebook with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author
All characters in this publication are fictitious and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental.
ISBN 978-0-9570621-3-9

Exoddy Books – England
Contact details available from:  http://www.exoddy.co.uk
V.1.3-05.01.2012
The Follower is dedicated to my son, for whom it was first written over fifteen years ago.  With special thanks to my wife for her assistance and encouragement during the writing and production of this work.

Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter One – Big City Lights
Chapter Two – Chrissy
Chapter Three – Sgurr-Cavan
Chapter Four – The Double Cross
Chapter Five – The Big City
Chapter Six – The Star Chamber
Chapter Seven – Secret River
Chapter Eight – The Snowy Mountains
Chapter Nine – Going Home
Chapter Ten – Two Hearts
Epilogue

Map of Suidhe
Map of Big City
Map of Mainland



“When history is mystery,
when reason seems unknown,
when time has lost its destiny,
let no man walk alone.”

Prologue
In the oldest fields of space, beyond the farthest galaxies, at the edge of the cosmos, shines a solitary light.  It is moving forward through a glorious vaulted arc on an inevitable journey.  The object sears the emptiness with fire and ice: a comet racing across the heavens.  Millions of millions of years pass unheeded as the trailing time-traveller flies on, until it becomes a speck of light in some ancient eye.  The light grows by night, seen by the first ancestor, for the earth is still young.  It streaks by, screaming through the skies, and flies into the void seeming to be forever travelling on, but one day to return.
Millennia pass.  The circuit of the comet will lead to its own destruction as the flare grows once more in the night sky.  This time around, it does not pass by, but crashes with devastating destruction onto the surface of the planet that we now call our home.  It lodges, a small piece of foreign matter, beneath the skin of the earth and slowly cools.  In time, it is forgotten.
The ages pass; continents take shape and shift, ever moving, into new forms.  Inside the crust of this living place, the comet has lost its outer shell to reveal within, a single massive crystal. It is buried beneath a hill, now an island.  The crystal grows and begets another and another, until all the material of the comet has been consumed.  Within this secret place, yet unfound, the crystals wait, clear and pure, a substance not of this earth.  They are formed of materials beyond our comprehension, the essence of time distilled by destiny to be a part of our future.

 
Chapter One - Big City Lights

It is late and the night outside is black.  The small wooden box lies open and I hold the two clear gemstones in my hand.  The firelight plays across the facets of the crystals.  Once again, I remember.  The book lies open on my desk and I turn to read the words I have written.  The desk light reflects against the black glass of the window.  Below me the town is dark and silently asleep.
I open the window and I can hear the sea as it breaks against the shore.  Everything on this island is close to the sea.  The smell of salt and seaweed permeates the fabric of our lives.  The wash of the waves and the fiery crackle of the pebbles rasping on the beach play a constant background rhythm to every thought.  Over the sea, the clouds part for a moment.  There is a sudden glance of moonlight on the wave tops and the momentary, flowing canvas of deep marine blue caresses the eyes like a mirage.  These sensations are always near.  The clouds close again, yet in the deep of night, I still sense the movement of the sea far below.
My mind wanders beyond the confines of the night to this island, to my home, to Suidhe.  The sea controls the lives of everyone here.  We live and die by the will of water and weather.  Ever changing, she exudes emotion, temper and free will like a living thing.  I have seen the gentlest waters kiss the rocks with a murmuring ebb and flow.  I have felt the earth jarring beneath the shuddering crash of stormy mountain waves that shout at the rocks in anger.
On either side of the town, low earthy cliffs rise above the pebbly beaches.  Here and there, glistening peaty streams tumble down waterfalls to the shore and into the waves.  In the late summer the seals bask and play on the rocks that emerge from the water like broken teeth beyond the cliffs.  All the while, the endless turmoil of gulls patrols the sky above.
This eastern coast is sheltered from the extremes of the weather and is softer and gentler than the exposed western shore.  The rocky coves and inlets, hidden in the folds of the hills, reach green fingers out from the island to touch the water’s edge.  Streams rise from the springs on the hills, at the centre of the island, and fall dancing down through small ravines.  They gather into a river that flows across the plateau above the sea cliffs.  The waters surge down the final valley and pass into a stony estuary which shelters between steep wooded hills down to the old bridge.
This small town is my home and lies on the lowest part of the coast.  Here, we face bravely out across the water towards the mainland and the Big City, a glistening ribbon of light on the horizon.  On the mainland our town would just be a modest village but here on our small island, it is the centre of living and proudly considered a town.  Oldford is a quiet, slow, settled place with winding streets that climb above the harbour.  The old houses rise from the stony ground on either side of these steep lanes.  They stand one above the other so that it seems each one perches on the roof of the house below.  The stone in the walls was hewn from the old quarries in the hills, even the roofs are tiled with slabs of stone.  These old houses emerge from the hills with seamless continuity, grey and hard.  Yet the stone has softened with the ages and the weathered walls are covered with lichens and moss pillows the roofs.
On the western side of the island, the storms blow in, wild and windy, from the vastness of the empty ocean and batter the ragged shore.  Gulls and gannets noisily cruise the air above the stony heights and ceaseless waves.  Cool, dark caves pierce some of the steeper cliffs, issuing streams from their ferny shadows.  Few trees grow here, where the salty wind stunts the growth of all living things.  One sheltered inlet hides behind a spur of rock that curves around a small bay and the foaming sea pounds turbulently through the entrance to this natural harbour. It carves the rocks and cliffs into gullies with the rise and fall of stormy tides.
The small fishing village of Newbridge shelters in a gap between the ragged cliffs.  The grey-brown rock walls protect it from the worst winter gales.  Buildings cluster around the inner harbour.  The tiny, bleak, shed-like cottages are solid and low.  They have small shuttered windows and heavily braced doors.  The wildest winter will not penetrate those solid white walls.  Inside, each parlour is a cosy place and the rosy cheer of peat firelight flickers on faces in friendly warmth.  The whitewashed walls and turf-covered roofs are home to no more than a hundred inhabitants, but only four families.  A dozen small fishing boats rest with their keels in the mud, awaiting the tide to rise.  Then, the stalwart fishermen: uncles, cousins, sons and fathers, will sail them out to sea once again.  Meantime, while the boats are out, the womenfolk keep house and garden, praying all the while for good weather, a good catch and a safe return.
Life on Suidhe is always about the weather.  Midnight storms give way to silent calm dawns.  Bluster winds free the days from the monotony of drumming rain.  Strange and enclosing fog binds everything in cold, close, wet white.  But clouds fade as quickly as the sun to rise again, in perfect blue mornings, bathed by the happiness of a refreshing early light.
Oldford and Newbridge are the only settlements on the island.  A single road rises up the valleys to the cliffs and winds its way between them.  It follows the coastline around past South Point and Stony Haven.  The centre of the island is too hilly for roads to traverse.  There, the goat tracks and old drovers’ ways twist and climb their way up the tight valleys, until they reach the broken moors that surround the rocky heart, but these tracks are only narrow ways.  In the south and the east the valleys are spread with small fields cultivated by centuries of fishermen’s wives, who tilled the land while their men folk were at sea.  The north and west remain untamed and wild where great herds of deer roam freely in the valleys we call the Deer Gardens.
I spent my childhood on this island.  There were not many children then, there are fewer today.  In our free time, we filled our lives with the ancient pastimes, uncorrupted by most of the modern world.  We helped in the home.  We helped with the crops and animals.  We helped on the boats when the weather was fine.  Playing, exploring, adventuring together and alone, we came to know and understand our island home.  We spent the evenings by the fire with our families, or alone, reading in our rooms.  The distant sound of voices raised in song issued from houses and tavern to break the silence of the dark winter evenings.  Some thought the old ways would never end while others, less comfortable, saw through the idyll to a harsher reality.
But we were not adrift on the ocean and the twinkling lights on the horizon stayed ever present in our minds.   It stood curving and coaxing our thoughts into temptation, to cross the sea.  Life on the island was changing. We were still insular but not completely isolated from the mainland.  Early every morning, a ferry came in to dock at the harbour, bringing provisions and visitors.  It then returned to the mainland, taking some of the men from the island to the Big City, where they worked.  Each evening the ferry repeated the trip.  The ferry became our lifeline, as regular as the tides.  Without it, we could no longer survive.

*****
It is late; I can hear the parlour clock striking two, calling me to sleep.  But I will work just a little longer.  I should tell you who I am.  My name is Harold Small, Harry to everyone who knows me.  I live in this old cottage, near the steep top of the steep hill in Oldford that overlooks the harbour and the sea.  Sometimes, on autumn days, I see smoke rising lazily from squat chimneys below me; it drifts out and hangs in a pall above the valley and obscures the cottages.  But now, as I sit in my room and look out through the dark window, I can see across to the mainland and the Big City.  The lights of the city shine and twinkle on the horizon like a distant fairground floating on a sea of black.
I look at those lights and I remember back to when I was a lad thirty years ago and the things I did then.  You see, I went to the Big City, a long time ago, and this is the story of how I came to go there and why I shall never go back.
I can see it all quite clearly in my mind.  It was late in the summer holidays of my sixteenth year and once again I went down to the old harbour at Oldford.  I loved the island but I was an eager teenager.  I wanted a change, a chance to break free from these close confines.  I yearned for distance, excitement, for life on a grander scale.  There was not much for me to do here and always I dreamed of going over the sea to the Big City.  Some nights, long after dark, I would get up, go to the front window, look out across the water and watch that shimmering horizon.  Each night I would dream about life in the Big City, the glittering lights and glittering dreams, dreams that had no hold in reality.
Our island is ancient and remote, and years ago the roads were only stony paths.  When I was a boy there were few vehicles on the island, just two or three old tractors and some bicycles.  I longed so much to see all the exciting things that I had heard about and, most of all, I longed to be in the Big City at night and to see the Big City lights.  But instead I was sitting on the quayside watching others go.
My best friend was a lad about my age called Frank and he had been to the Big City with his father twice that year.  He never stopped talking about it: the sights, the cars, the shops, the ships, the people.  Everything he had seen was the biggest, the brightest, the grandest, the best, and I wanted to see it all, too.
“You should see the roads, Harry, they’re so wide and long and straight.  And they’ve got golden fountains in the city square shaped like lions only much bigger.  There are buildings so high you can’t see the roof.  It’s wonderful and fantastic,” Frank went on and all he said enthralled me.
“One day soon I’m going to go there at night,” bragged Frank.  “My father promised.”
“In the Big City they don’t have night,” I replied.  “The Big City lights never stop shining,” I said sullenly.  Then I added, “Can I come too?”
Frank shook his head. 
“No, Harry, your father won’t let you, remember?”
I knew he was right and looked down, but in my head I heard a familiar voice calling out in song:
ʻBig City Lights
Turn night into day;
The sounds and the sights
Take you away
To a magical land
Of neon and gold
Where life never stops
And no one grows old:
The Big City lights up the sky.’

Only yesterday I had asked my father:  “Can I go soon?” I pleaded.  “Please?”
“No,” came the simple reply.  “You’re too young.  I’ve seen youngsters twice your age go there and never come back!”
“Why not?  Frank’s going again,” I persisted.
“One day, no doubt, you will see for yourself.  I can tell you, life is hard in the Big City.  Not all that glitters is gold, you know.”
I knew my father was exaggerating.  After all, my best friend’s father went there once a month and he always came back.  
It wasn’t that my father was a hard man or unfriendly.  He was the teacher at the island school and inclined to be jovial and serious all at once.  We got along fine but there was something about the Big City he didn’t like and that only made it seem more fascinating to me.
Often I sat by the harbour making up plans for escape and adventure.  The hill behind my house curved up steeply into a jagged cliff that passed within a few feet of the walls.  If no one was watching, it was possible to jump out of a rear window and onto a ledge of rock that jutted out over the back garden.  Sometimes, I would creep out secretly and leave the window open for my return.  My father would have been horrified and angry if he had known I was being so foolish as to leap across.  But it never entered my thoughts that it might be dangerous.
If only I could slip silently down to the harbour one evening after dark and climb aboard the ferry just before she sailed, then I would be able to hide away on board.  When we arrived at the mainland I would explore the Big City all night.  After the ferry had returned to the island in the morning, I would run up the hill and climb into the house just in time to go downstairs to breakfast.  No one would ever know that I had been away; it would be my secret.  The plan would never work, of course.  The problems seemed insurmountable.  How could I avoid being seen?  How could I board the ferry without buying a ticket?  I certainly could not afford the fare.  I never gave a thought to what would happen to me if I was caught.
I racked my brains for weeks, without success, to find a way of crossing the sea, but I rejected each idea at the outset.  The island isolation seemed complete, until one day something happened which gave illogical hope to my plan.
Close to the centre of the island there is a hill called Sgurr-Cavan, which raises its rocky summit higher than all the others.  You can view the sea around the compass from the top.  The islanders call it the ‘Temple of the Wind.’  It is a good name; it is always windy there.
I had heard there was an old island legend about the place but no-one seemed to know it.  I only knew it had something to do with going to the mainland.  Time passed and I found out nothing more.  If I asked people about the old legend, they just laughed at me, or worse, they wanted to know why I was so interested.  Of course, I couldn’t tell them.  I concluded that no one knew the information I sought.
Every day, whatever the weather, an old fisherman would wander slowly down to the quayside and watch the boats.  His name was Eric, although everyone called him Old Eric.  All the boat crews knew him and they would stop and tell him their news from the sea.  He loved to hear their tales and tell his own.  He always sat on his special bench overlooking the harbour wall and he soon noticed my new interest in the place.  Of course, he knew who I was.  Everyone knew the school master’s son.
I sat down beside Old Eric one day.  His nut brown old face held twinkling clear eyes, half hidden beneath thick bushy eyebrows.  Years of sharp sea air had roughened his skin and made him swarthy.  He seemed as old and wise as Neptune himself.  I sat there and wondered how many ships he had sailed in and how many lands he had seen.  He looked intently at me but I pretended to gaze out to sea.
“What you say, boy?” rasped Old Eric.  “I ’ear you want t’know ’bout legends,” and he laughed. 
When he laughed, which was often, it was like the sound of a cackling crow, raucous and broken.
“Folks don’t want t’know ’bout legends these days, boy.  They’re too busy, too young, too modern, too much of a hurry t’understand legends, Harry.”
“Oh! But I really want to know,” I insisted.  “Tell me about the olden days and the ‘Temple of the Wind’.”
I looked at him earnestly and he caught my eye.  Just for a moment I couldn’t look away.  I felt I was being tested.
“You got a while, boy?  Sit tight an’ I’ll tell you a tale.”
He bent down close to me and looked at me fiercely.
“But first you must swear that you’ll never repeat a word of it to any folk that don’t live ’ere.  This is island lore, no Big City stuff ’ere, boy.”
His old fingers stabbed the air in the direction of the mainland and he lowered his voice to a hoarse whisper.
“They must never know our secrets.  Do you swear and promise, young ’un?”
“Yes, yes,” I stammered.  “I swear.”
The hard, penetrating gaze of the old man scared me as I spoke.
Then he turned away and looked out across the water and his story began.
“A long time ago, they say, there lived an extraordinary man who came to Suidhe.  He was a traveller and a magician a doin’ his magic for them that could pay.
“The magician was a great tall man with white flowing hair and strange ways.  He had a large black cape he’d wear to cover all.  He was an imposing figure.  Stood out in the crowd, you might say.  He had bright eyes set in an old man’s face.  He never walked slowly.  Wherever he went, he took mighty strides like a man with a purpose on his mind.  Some folk thought he was just an entertainer and that he played games with his magic.  Others took ’im more seriously.  They had a name for ’im, although if it was his real name I couldn’t say.  They called him Mythras, after some ancient myth.”
Old Eric took out his pipe and started to methodically stuff the bowl with tobacco as he continued his tale.
“He stayed here a while and entertained the High Folk and Elders.  He cast spells to keep away vermin.  ’Tis said Mythras had magic water that could make people laugh or cry.  He talked about the stars and the planets and the earth.  But the one thing that folk wanted to see he kept hidden, except to the special few he chose.  He had a small wooden box: all inlaid it was, with mother of pearl carved in fancy patterns and magical signs.  He would say that he made the box himself from the wood of a special tree in a distant land.  Inside the box he kept a massive gem stone.  The pale glassy crystal was magic and could change colour.  It seemed to glow as you looked into it.  The more you looked, the more you were drawn into it, like looking into your lover’s eyes.  Stories tell that once you had looked into that magic stone, you could never forget it.  It glowed and formed pictures in your mind, like the embers of a fire.  The crystal pictures filled your dreams with patterns and light that stretched back into the night.
“The minister at chapel, at that time, was strict; not like we have now.  He took a dislike to the magician and called him a charlatan and a bad man.  He made the folk believe the magician was evil and a fraud.  ‘Magic ain’t possible’, he said.  Folk was very superstitious and believin’ in those days and the magician was not made welcome any longer.  Before long he packed his bag to leave.
“Mythras went to the harbour, right where we are now, to hire his passage to the mainland and the Big City.  But none of the locals would take him; they were scared of him.  The people got together and chased him to the edge of town and told him to magic himself away or wait for a boat with mainland folk to take him.  They told him not to come back into their town.
“The magician stopped and turned on them and, in their turn, they stopped and faced him.  He looked magnificent with flowing beard and glowing eyes.  The children hid behind their mother’s skirts.  The will of the men wavered as they felt his power.  Magic or none, he was a strong man and his piercing eyes blazed at them.  Then he spoke out in a grand voice saying:
“ ‘Curse you all.  You have refused me passage and you treat me like a criminal, yet I have done you no harm.  I have helped you many times if you only knew it and this is how you repay me.  You call me a fraud, but now I cast a spell over you and you will see the truth of me.  None of you here will ever leave this island and live.  All of you present, to the smallest child will be held a captive of this place.  Do not try to get away; you will not succeed or you will die in the trying.  Now leave me; you will not see me again but you will remember me.  Oh, yes!  You will all remember me!’
“So saying, he turned and walked on up the hill, leaving the islanders gaping and silent.  Nobody moved: they were spellbound.
“Mythras made his way to the centre of the island and climbed Sgurr-Cavan to its summit.  He stood at that place silhouetted against the lurid sky and raised his hands to cast his spell over the whole island of Suidhe.  Almost at once, a great storm began to rise on the horizon and dark clouds filled the sky all around.  It got so dark it was like an eclipse.  A strange spinning wind came racing across the seas towards the island.  The islanders could hear it screeching like hundreds of wailing souls.
“When the storm began, many ran for shelter, fearing the work of the devil.  The sky was black as night and lightning forked down like snakes’ tongues, so close folk could hear the hiss and crackle.  Billowing clouds formed above as tension filled the air.  Men ran down to the harbour to secure the boats.  Then the rain began.  Great heavy sheets of water swept across the harbour and lashed down as the strange dark vortex came closer.
“A cry went up, ‘It’s a tornado, take cover.  Run, run, run for your lives!’
“But the voice was lost in the screaming wind.  The whirling fountain of air seemed alive as it sucked up jets of seawater and consumed anything that fell into the swirling cauldron at its base.  Fearing for their safety, the men abandoned the boats and struggled up to the chapel.  At that time it was the only stone building in the town.  The chapel bell was swinging wildly in the steeple and pealing out the disaster.  Inside, the folk were gathered wondering and praying.  Children screamed as the window glass blew in and tiles were ripped from the roof.  The noise was awful and the place seemed filled with a fearful madness.
“Outside, the tornado rushed across the island like a mad, wild thing, terrifying the animals, pulling at anything in its path.  They say that it went right to the summit of Sgurr-Cavan and plucked up the magician where he stood, placid, with arms raised, waiting.
“In the chapel, the people found the minister cowering in a corner and whimpering pathetically.  All attempts to talk to him failed.  It is said, to this day, that in a storm, you can hear a man whimpering in the chapel, but ’tis most likely just the wind in a flue.
“The storm died down as quickly as it had come.  Folk tell that the winds were like the sound of ghosts laughing as they sped off to the horizon.
“The island, and everything on it, was soaked by the heavy rain.  Torrents had gouged ruts in the roads and swept away the bridge.  Everywhere, trees were leaning over or had fallen across the paths.  Broken boughs had crashed onto roofs.  The animals in the fields had broken through the fences and ran wildly and panic stricken from place to place.  Worst of all, the boats in the harbour lay smashed, submerged or gaping.  Splintered wood was strewn across the decks.  There was not a single craft left that could endure the dangerous journey to the mainland.  It seemed that the magician had exacted a terrible revenge on the islanders.
“Yet incredibly, except for the ordeal of the experience, and the downfallen minister, not one of the islanders had come to any real harm in the storm.
“Some of the elders, having satisfied themselves that everyone was well, sent a team of young men to salvage what they could from the harbour.  Without boats for fishing they knew they would soon starve.  Others were dispatched to attend to the old or young in their houses and to clear the town as best they could.  They knew it would be a long task and so it was.  Many weeks passed before normality could return, and many years would pass before the curse was finally forgotten.
“The next day, five men set out to climb to the top of Sgurr-Cavan to find what they could of the magician.  They hoped he would not be found, but they armed themselves in case of trouble.
“As they got closer to Sgurr-Cavan the devastation increased.  The stunted trees and bushes had all been ripped away from the lower slopes.  Close to the summit of the hill is a vast amphitheatre shaped corrie.  It is a fearsome place in a storm where the winds gather and rocks tumble.  Here, the whirlwind had dumped its load of debris from across the island.  Rocks, boulders, roof tiles, uprooted bushes, even wood from the boats in the harbour, were deposited like so much jetsam on a beach, yet it was the top of the hill.  At the centre of this bizarre and strange old place, they found a pillar of glimmering rock crystal as high as a man.  None of them had ever seen it before and none knew from where it had come.  Some said it came out of the ocean.  Others said it was the magician turned to stone.  But everything had changed there forever.  As good as his word, Mythras had gone without trace.  He was never seen by any of the islanders again.
“A long time passed, but the five men told no-one else of what they had seen on the hill.  The townsfolk were too busy repairing and rebuilding to be bothered.  The magician had gone: that was all that mattered.
“During the weeks following the storm, nobody left the island.  The memory of what the magician had said was still fresh and folk were not keen to try to tempt fate again.  But the need to go to the mainland for supplies was urgent.
“In those days, there was no ferry and the islanders had to fetch their own provisions.  Usually, they sent a pair of boats each fortnight to take produce to market and bring back essentials.
“The time had come to go to market and two boats had been salvaged and repaired.  Each boat had a volunteer crew of two men: four of the men who had been to the top of the hill after the storm.  It was early morning and a perfect day for the journey.  The weather was fine and the sea was calm when they set sail for the mainland.  Many of the island folk watched the little boats move off across the waters.  They felt happy that life was at last returning to normal, but a few of them also felt a little uneasy.  What about the curse of Mythras?  Would the boats ever return or had the minister been right about the magician?  Storms, after all, were not unusual on the island, although no-one living then had ever seen a tornado there before.
“The sailors were not expected to return until evening and it was late in the day before people began to gather on the harbour wall to await the boats.
“The first star shone through the clear evening light as daylight faded and two sails approached the harbour walls.  There were exclamations of relief from the small crowd gathered on the wall.
“The evening breeze blew the heavily laden boats briskly homewards.  It was not light enough to see into the boats as they neared the quay.  Not until the last moment did anyone realise that something was wrong.  The boats came in, low in the water, weighed down with their cargo.  The sailors were surprised.  Why hadn’t the sails been dropped.  ʻLeaving it bit late, what’s up with ’em?’  But the boats rode on straight into the harbour wall.  Men scrambled down to help unload the boxes and crates only to discover that the crews had gone.  The boats were full of provisions but the four men had disappeared.  There was no sign of them, no clue to signify why they had vanished or how the boats had returned without crews.  There was nothing they could do but unload the supplies.
“Some days later, when a mainland boat arrived, enquiries were sent back to the Big City, but came to nought.  The mystery was never solved, the men were never found.  From that time, the mainland crews brought the provisions and that was the beginning of the ferry.
“Time passed by and healed the wounds wrought by the great storm.  The islanders slowly forgot about their ordeal and Mythras the magician.  There were, however, two other strange events that took place at about that time.  The first was known only to a few who had been to the top of Sgurr-Cavan and seen the pillar of crystal.  Exactly one year after the storm, the strange pillar vanished.  No one knew where or how.  Some time after, one dark night, the two boats, which had sailed home so mysteriously empty, also disappeared.
“No-one recalls if the magician’s curse came true.  Generations passed and many years after all the folk who had witnessed the great storm had grown old and died, a new minister came to the island.  His name was Reverend Finder and he became interested in the history of the place.  He heard the old tales about Mythras and the storm, just as I have told yer, and he became intrigued and started to investigate the mystery.  Research he called it, but island folk didn’t take to it.  His investigation didn’t last long because he went missing whilst out walking one day but ’tis said he found the crystal, the ‘white crystal’ of Mythras.  A search was made but he wasn’t found.  Later on, the body of a man was found at the bottom of a ravine out by the western coast.  He appeared to have fallen and he was quite dead.  But he was not the Reverend Finder, nor anyone from the island.
“Most folk thought little of it.  They were not minded to believe in legends.  But ’tis said that the minister had set out to walk to the top of Sgurr-Cavan that day, which is many miles from the place where the body was found.  Yet, there seemed to be some connection and some said that there had been foul play.  The mystery remained unsolved and now no one will ever know what happened.  We don’t have any crime, nor any police to solve it here, see?”
The heavy scent of pipe tobacco faded and Old Eric tapped out his pipe on the heel of his boot.  He put the old briar back in his pocket before he spoke again.
“Now, young ’un, that’s all I have to tell ’ee.  It’s getting late and I’m going to get my supper.  One last word from an old sailor who’s seen a thing or two in his time: don’t go meddling with the past.  Folklore is for the old folk to tell; it’s a story been passed down through generations and where’s the truth in it I couldn’t say.  Now Harry, you run along and look to the future, not the past.”
I wanted to speak, to say something.  I felt very excited inside but I could not find the right words to say.  My mind was too full of stories.  I was sure there must be something in what I had heard, something magical.  The old man slowly stood up and I followed.
“Thank you,” I cried.
“Run along, then,” he said and laughed.  “Just a story, Harry, boy!”
I turned away and ran off up the street.
Chapter Two - Chrissy

The girl looked at the letter again.  She was a red headed teenager, tall with lively grey eyes.  She was always on the move, even when sitting: fidgeting, twisting, constantly picking up, putting down.  She wore old, dirty, shabby clothes: patched and faded jeans and a threadbare shirt.  The room in which she was sitting was also haphazard.  The old farm kitchen had hardly changed in a hundred years.  The furniture made from heavy, unpolished wood had a rough, time-worn appearance.  Plates and dishes, ornaments and sundries covered the sideboard and table.  Freeway and Bess, the two labrador dogs, lay in a large wicker basket that was in front of the old cast iron range.  There they dozed, with heads lolling over their black and golden forepaws.
Despite the wavering midsummer heat blowing in through the open window, the mica windows in the door of the range glowed red as the woody embers flickered, lazily casting shadows across the stone flagged floor.  The fire burned there every day, no matter what the weather, as it had for as long as anyone could remember.  Old nails and hooks studded the blackened beams of the ceiling.  Cooking pans, tools, implements, a string of onions, bags of herbs, tankards, leather belts, old horseshoes - a thousand items accumulated over many lifetimes, some used and some forgotten, awaiting their time, occupied the hooks.
This kitchen was the centre of farm life: meeting place, office, dining hall, surgery, occasional boarding house.  The old place was full to the rafters with memories and histories.  The lives of generations of farm families had been played out in the theatre of this room: comedies and tragedies, music hall and farce.  The echoes of those memories reverberated from the ancient walls.
It was late morning when a tall, thickset man with wild auburn hair and pallid skin, walked in through the open stable doorway.  He was the farmer and the father of the red headed girl.  He seemed weary and angry as he pulled off his worn out boots and left them sagging where they lay.  His shirt sleeves, rolled back to the elbows, revealed powerful arms and large hands with long, stained fingers.  He wiped the sweat from his brow with a large red handkerchief.
“Chrissy,” his rough voice boomed, “get us a tea, love.”
He sat down heavily and leaned across the table.
The girl went to the range where a hot kettle stood black and steaming.  She refilled the pot and let it steep.  The room was silent for a minute, then she brought a mug of tea across the room and placed it on the grey boards beside him.  He looked up thoughtfully and opened his mouth to speak, but closed it again.
“It’s okay, Dad.  I read the letter.  It’ll be all right, I know it will.  Won’t it?”
Her father looked up again and gripped the mug fiercely.  His eyes were alight with his anger.
“It’s not okay,” he shouted.  “They have no right an’ I don’t know what we’re going to do.  I never worked harder, but this is killing us and I can’t do any more.”
“I can help.  You know I can help.  Please let me help,” pleaded Chrissy.
“No.  This is no place for you.  Your mother an’ I have talked it all through.  We want you to go to your aunt’s house in the Big City.  She’ll look after you until we settle up here and then I’ll find some place where we can be a family again.”
Her father looked straight at his daughter as he spoke, but his mind was full of the dam: the dam that held back his future life and left it empty and dry.  He could not understand how it had happened.  He never believed that it was possible until the day the river began to run dry and he had seen it with his own eyes.  Now, the huge new reservoir on the hillside was full and the water, that had been his, filled the great steel pipeline that snaked across the plain to the Big City.  How could they have stolen his water, his livelihood, and just left him there to starve with his loving wife and his beautiful daughter?
The water company had offered to move him to a different place.  They had offered to buy the farm.  They had warned him that if the weather was dry he might run short, but he had never admitted the truth to himself.  He was too proud, too indignant, now he was hurting and his family was suffering.  He had dug a well but it was already dry.  He had wanted to sink a borehole but he couldn’t afford it without his neighbours’ help and they had all taken the water company’s money and gone.
He turned his bowed head and looked out through the dusty window.  The fields stretched wide across the plains towards the Snowy Mountains.  The farmhouse stood at the centre of the farm.  A ragged old track scratched across the surface of the fields, dustily tracing its way towards the road.  The farm lay at the farthest edge of the vast prairie called the Heartland that stretched across the arid miles of featureless flat lands between the mountains and the sea.
The crows stalked in the fields, among the remains of the crops.  Dirty grey trees stood skeletal and leafless on the plain.  Dusty mounds and dykes showed where the ditches once ran with water.  The pond in the farmyard was almost empty.  A few inches of slimy green water buzzed with mosquitoes.  One sad duck stood on the bank looking quizzically down at the scraggy weeds.  All about and above the world was an intense, fire-like heat.  The sun seemed to fill the sky as it blazed down.  All creatures walked with bowed heads in that lethal light.
The blistered grey trunks of once elegant trees lined the edge of a distant field, and traced the path of the dried up river bed through this sorry place.
“Look outside, Chrissy, just take a look.  I can’t fill the river.  We have got to go now.  We can’t wait till the rains come this year.  We won’t last that long.  It might not rain for weeks an’ it’ll take more than rain before that river flows again.  You know what’s happened.  When man goes meddling with nature it always ends in disaster.  They’ve undone the balance, that’s what they’ve done.”
Chrissy could see the anger in his eyes but she wanted to stay.
“But what about the farm, Dad? You can’t just leave it.”
“We can’t sell it, love, it’s not worth a bean.  Only a madman would come out here, to this.”
The farmer waved his hands vaguely behind him.  He looked sullen.
The sound of movement pierced the walls, and the door to the parlour opened.  A woman sailed in, dressed in flowing blue.  Her long black hair was tidy in a bun.  She wore a dark blue sash around her slim waist and a delicate gold brooch, in the shape of a fish, on her dress.  She walked across the room humming to herself, seemingly oblivious to the girl and the man already present.
The sad man looked up at his wife.  She was a beautiful woman and their love was great.  Now, the crisis of their lives was proving too much for all of them.  She had shut out the truth.  She lived in a make-believe world, pretending that life would go on as normal.  She could not conceive of a time when they would have to leave her parents’ farm.  She had lived there all her life and her parents and grandparents had lived there before.  The generations reached back to the first settlers: one family, one farm.
He stood up and went over to the proud and serene woman, who was standing by the old, spotless sink where she was incongruously singing a sad song to a soft melody.
“I love you dear,” he said to her quietly.  “Listen to me, now.  Chrissy must go soon.  I will take her out to the coach in a little while.  You must say good-bye.”
His wife looked up then.  She turned to her daughter.
“Well,” she gushed, “you and I must get ready.  I will dress you for the journey.  I do hope you have a lovely holiday, darling, and by the time you come back we will have everything fixed.”
Chrissy looked at her mother and saw the tears in her eyes.  Even now, her mother did not have the strength to face the truth.  They all knew that there would be no return to the farm.  The mother and daughter went silently upstairs.  They came down a while later carrying an old case.  A transformation had taken place and Chrissy looked the essence of a country society girl.  She was at once older and younger than before, self possessed but vulnerable.  She had her hair arranged tidily and wore the best clothes she possessed.  Standing side by side, mother and daughter presented a picture of pathos and beauty.  Chrissy carried a bag containing all that she valued: her notebook, an old book of poems, a small wooden box with a carved lid and her favourite old togs.  On her dress, she wore her mother’s treasured brooch.
Outside, her father had their old car ready.  They seldom used the rusty black relic.  They had always gone about the area on horseback.  But now the horses were sold.  The car’s old engine had been running for a few minutes and it smelt of hot oil as it idled in the yard.  The tyres were cracked and the leather seats creaked, but the car still worked: enough for one last journey to the highway.  He packed the bag in the boot and opened the door for his daughter.  Chrissy started towards the car, but then she hesitated and looked back to the house and the silhouette of her mother standing at the open door.  Suddenly, she turned and ran off.
“Chrissy!” shouted her father.
But she kept running until she came to the bank of the old river, which now lay desolate and murky.  She stood and looked into the place and remembered a childhood of dreamy, sun soaked days when she had swum and splashed in the cool water.  All through the years she had walked by the banks of the river or waded through the clean clear waters.  Through a dozen winters she had seen the icy beauty of that place.
“Remember me,” she whispered.  “Remember my secret, river and good-bye.”
She looked for just a minute longer, with tears welling behind her eyes, before returning to the car and climbing into the seat without a word.  Her father shut the door and they set off down the lane.  Chrissy looked back and waved to the disbelieving mother.  The old jalopy bumped up the track in a billowing cloud of dust and slowly weaved around the potholes towards the dirt road.
Half an hour later, at the freeway, Chrissy’s father waited to see his daughter onto the bus that would take her into the Big City.  When the old grey coach came into view, he pressed an envelope into her hand and gave her a kiss.
“That’s for you.  Your aunt will look after you.  Take care on the journey and be sure to write.  Remember we love you.  Good-bye for now.”
A minute later, he turned away as the bus faded into the heat haze.  His eyes were glistening as he climbed back into the old tattered car and turned it around towards the farm road.  Beneath the noise of the car he felt the silence pressing in.  He turned on the radio for company but the words gave no relief.

*****
The journey to the Big City was a long trip and Chrissy felt uncomfortable in her fancy clothes.  She longed to arrive and to turn back into her true self but somehow she knew that she would never return to her old ways.  Her aunt had visited the farm on two or three occasions when Chrissy was very young.  They hardly knew each other.  She did not want to live with her aunt, not even for a short time.
Chrissy had never been to the city before, but she was a smart girl and knew more about the ways of the world than her country life suggested.  All of life’s harsh realities were exposed on the farm: the births and deaths, good times and bad.  But even though crude and sometimes brutal, it was truthful.  
She had seen much of life in the country, before the dam had spoilt it.  But all her friends had gone, one by one.  The village, two miles from the farm, had slowly emptied until it was nearly deserted.  The school had closed.  She knew she could not stay, but always hoped she would.  
People were rare and treasured in the Heartland.  It was not possible to pass someone by without stopping to speak with them.  The distance between folk drew them together.  The farmers shared their precious possessions and their time.  Everybody had helped everybody until the end, but the disparate community split asunder and moved apart.
Left alone, she read books whenever she could and escaped into other worlds, but it was not the same as before.  And now?  Now she was going too.  But sitting on the uncomfortable, grubby seat she felt that life was moving from reality into a new fiction.  The bus trundled on noisily and stop-by-stop the seats filled up with passengers.

Chrissy was not shy.  She used to talk to everyone she saw.  In the country, on the farm, miles from anywhere, she had never once felt lonely or scared.  Travelling towards the Big City she was moving into a different world with a different order.  The people on the bus kept themselves to themselves.  She felt like an outsider looking in.  She saw each one pretending that the others were not visible.  They remained alone and aloof in their own little worlds.   In the loneliness of their eyes, she saw hints of desperation.  Chrissy thought of her friends and for the first time in her life suddenly she too felt alone and scared.  The bus ground on and Chrissy sighed; she turned her head and looked out of the dusty windows.
The countryside gave way to scraggy hamlets and the hamlets turned into towns.  Telegraph poles lined the verges and filled the sky with wires.  The road slowly filled with traffic: cars, lorries, bikes and buses roaring and rushing.  The wooden houses in the small neat towns led on to brick houses and blocks of flats.  There were pavements and side roads, streetlights and shops.  All the paraphernalia of urban life crowded down to the edge of the road.  People were everywhere: crossing the road, getting on and off the bus, shouting on the pavements, looking in the shops, waiting in their cars, smiling, laughing, crying, everywhere.  Chrissy filled her eyes with the sights until her head ached.  The smell of exhaust stuck in her throat and made her feel ill.  Time seemed to have accelerated.  So much was going on and yet, oddly, it seemed that very little was happening, except bluff and fluster.  She felt she was looking in on a dream.
The brick houses gave way to concrete offices and apartments.  Intersections, railways, enormous buildings all flowed past the growling bus as it wound its way to the very centre of the metropolis.  Finally, it stopped amidst a fleet of identical buses all lined up on the oily grey tarmac at the terminus.  People jostled to get off and hurried away.  Chrissy sat stunned and silent, unsure what to do next.  The driver turned.
“Hey, this is the end of the road for you, girl,” he shouted down the bus.  “Ain’t you got a home to go to?”
She jerked up her head and her eyes were red and damp.  He looked again, he thought she might be crying.  This time he smiled.
“Oh.  Okay.  Let me help you, love.  Where you going to?” he asked her kindly.
Chrissy showed her aunt’s address to the driver and he directed her to another bus.
“You show this to the driver and he’ll tell you when to get off,” he reassured her.
Towards the end of the afternoon, Chrissy arrived at her aunt’s apartment block.  She felt tired and shocked by the total change that surrounded her.  She was uncomfortable and embarrassed in her pretty but old fashioned country clothes.  Noise and pain filled her head, and her throat was dry and sore.  She wanted more than anything to go to sleep and forget where she was.  Her aunt, a slack looking woman slouching against the lamp post, was waiting for her as the bus lumbered to a halt.  Chrissy knew, before she even greeted her, that they would never, could never, be friends.
“Hi, I’m Jessica,” said Aunt Jessica.  “You call me Jessie.  We’re going to have a grand time.”
Aunt Jessica spoke in a smoky drawl that was incessantly punctuated by her drawing breath on a cigarette.  She wore scanty, casual city clothes intended for someone half her age.
Aunt Jessica talked unceasingly about anything that came into her head.  Most of her conversation was monologue and meaningless.  The ways of the city were all important to her.  Fashion was her purpose in life.  She looked her pretty niece critically up and down in a way that made Chrissy hold her coat in tighter for protection.
“You’re so cute in that ol’ outfit.  I do believe you’re a honey, dear,” she purred in her gritty voice but didn’t smile.
Aunt Jessie still leaned against the post, casually smoking her cigarette.  Then she jerked her head and walked across, throwing down the cigarette stub on the pavement.  Her jealousy of Chrissy’s natural young beauty lay smouldering between them.
Aunt Jessica’s flat was as gaudy as her clothes.  Small rooms appeared smaller, overpowered by bright colours and oversize patterns.  Ornaments and furnishings filled every wall and corner.  Any clear space or room for reflection seemed to scare her.  The whole resembled a charity shop showroom and, like a shop, was never quite as clean as it should be.  There were no books to be seen.  Aunt Jessica never found time to read.

*****
Two weeks later, the sun was setting across the city skyline.  As usual, Chrissy was alone in the apartment, high up above the grimy, litter-strewn streets.  She knew that her aunt would not be back until the early hours and that when she did come back, she would probably bring another ‘friend’ to visit.  Chrissy would not be welcome.  She went to her room to get ready for bed but changed her mind and went instead to collect her handbag and go down on the street.  A walk would be good, she thought, and how she longed to stretch her legs across the miles as she used to do in the country.
Down on the street, the dusty heat of a summer evening filled the air, stifling and slow.  People wandered, scuffing their feet on the hard pavement, too lazy to walk.  The sound of music mixed with the distant cacophony of traffic on the freeway and a thousand half-heard conversations that drifted from the open windows above.  Chrissy decided to find the bay that she knew to be somewhere ahead of her.  Although it was evening, the night never truly found its way onto the streets of the city.  The lights and constant living never stopped.  Aunt Jessica had warned her to take care on her own.
“You’re such a sweet little lamb, honey, ’an this city is just full of wolves, dear.  Don’t ever trust none of them, ’specially if they’re men!”
Chrissy never felt scared on her own, only in the company of others; she walked on.
Traffic choked the main street outside but it was the best place to find her way.  Chrissy had already discovered an essential feature of cities: they are always bigger on the ground than they appear to be.  Few people walked in this place and even fewer walked for pleasure.  Debris littered the pavements and the roads were ruled by traffic.  As they passed by, drivers clocked the young girl wearing her scruffy old clothes, walking briskly and erect towards some unknown destination, but they had forgotten her by the next junction.  She was just another pretty girl in a city full of them.
The Big City was divided into districts and, unknown to her, Chrissy had just crossed the boundary into the docklands district.  She was heading towards the sea and passed rows of tall warehouse buildings with blank windowless sides.  The main highway spun off at a tangent and she suddenly found herself on a large empty road.  A few speeding cars and trucks sped by in a gust of exhaust fumes.  The sound of their engines clattered and echoed against the grey buildings.  The sky was a strip of half-light above the hanging street lights.  No other living thing seemed to be about.
The road ended abruptly at a deserted but large intersection where a railway line ran embedded in the tarmac along the dockyard front.  Ahead of her, Chrissy could see the looming hulks of several large ships that lay tied up alongside the quay.  Tall warehouses with covered loading bays and rusty metal clad walls stood opposite the ships.  Trains of railway trucks waited in orderly rows.  Gantries and cranes towered above all, bathed in the glare of orange sodium lights that shut out the night.  Occasional trucks rounded the corner and crawled along the roadway into the distance.  There was little movement close by, although lights peered out from some of the ships moored at the quay.  All about her were steel hawsers, rusty machinery, crates and stacks of wooden pallets.  In the distance, men were busy: shouting, whistling, loading a large, dull, rusty red cargo ship.  The small plink and lap of water betrayed the sea, here becalmed within the docks.
Chrissy turned and walked slowly up the quayside, away from the lights and the men, towards the open bay.  The darkness covered her as she followed the glistening steel rails that stretched along the centre of the road.  A short distance passed before she heard a low whistle from one of the buildings.  She turned but saw nothing.  Perhaps she had imagined it.  A moment later there was another louder whistle from behind.  She walked ahead quickly and a shadow stepped silently out from the dark roadside and stood in her path.  Heart pounding and tense Chrissy stopped dead.
The shadow spoke in a strange slurred drawl.
“Who goes there?” the voice questioned.  “Don’t you know where you are?” 
Chrissy became aware of other shadows closing in around her, and found herself surrounded by half a dozen young men, all dressed in black.  They stood legs apart and menacingly silent.  Terrified, she spun around to look.
A large truck turned the corner and drove towards them.  The boys blinked foolishly and ran off as suddenly as they had appeared; melting into the shadows, each in a different direction.  Chrissy ran too, heart thumping, into the side of the road and darted back towards the street lights and ships.  The truck slowed, but did not stop before it continued on its way.  Chrissy ran on to the corner of the road to town.  There she turned, hands gripped tight but all was empty behind her.  She walked briskly, almost at a run, not daring to look back through the city streets but did not encounter any more strangers.  She found her way to her aunt’s apartment and let herself in and slammed the door behind her with a massive sigh.  Her hands trembled with fear as she tried to lock it.  She went to bed but could not sleep.  Her mind was filled by the shadows of blackness surrounding her.  Much later, Aunt Jessica returned, drunk and alone, from a night in the city.
Coming into Chrissy’s room, she shouted, “and where’s the sleeping beauty?  You wait, just you wait…  The boys will get you soon enough.  Then you’ll wish you were just a plain Jane, instead of… instead of what you are.”
“Mirror, mirror, on the wall.” thought Chrissy but pretended to be asleep.  Before she had come to the city, she had never thought of herself as beautiful or attractive but now realised she was both.
The next day, her aunt announced that she was going on holiday to the seaside and that Chrissy was to go with her.  Chrissy did not know what to make of the idea but accepted that she could not stay in the Big City alone.
She had become bored and lethargic in the apartment.  Her aunt was rude and short tempered and not the least interested in tales of the countryside.  Aunt Jessica was critical of Chrissy’s father for letting the situation on the farm get out of hand.  She spent much time congratulating herself for picking up the pieces.  Chrissy had never met such a selfish person before and felt at once sad and annoyed by the arrogant woman who now ruled her life.  Whenever Jessica brought home a man Chrissy was banned from sight.
Chrissy was expected to look after herself and to do most of the work around the flat.  Aunt Jessica cooked a rudimentary convenience meal once a day, but lived on snacks and sweets the rest of the time.  The woman had no interests beyond beautifying herself and would spend hours soaking in a bath or sitting in her room applying layers of powders and cremes to her ageing face.  Underneath the strata of artifice, Aunt Jessica had been attractive once, but now her beauty was wasted.  She painted her face so heavily that when she emerged dressed for the city she looked like a clown.  Chrissy thought it was pathetic.
Five days a week Aunt Jessica worked in an office in the city.  When she returned each evening she was always complaining about the people she worked with and the work she had to do.
“You farm people just have no idea how hard it is to do a real job,” she drawled between puffs as she smoked another cigarette.  “When it’s pay-day I’m going to have a ball.  I’m broke, and you don’t help any, my pretty.  Costing me a fortune, you are, and that’s no lie.  You didn’t bring any extra money with you I suppose, did you, honey?” and her voice took on a cajoling tenderness for a moment.
“No,” replied Chrissy.  “Was I supposed to?”
“I guess not, honey, more’s the pity.”  Aunt Jessica sighed.
Chrissy began to despise the woman who had taken her in and trapped her.  She could not go back to the farm.  She did not have the money to return and her parents would not be able to support her even if she did return.  The situation was hopeless.  She became sullen and lazy as the summer wore on and the impending holiday drew ever closer.
One day Chrissy asked,
“Aunt Jessie, where’s the river?”
Her aunt stared at her strangely and then replied:
“There ain’t no river in this town, sweetheart.”
“But there must be.  My river, it comes here.”
“Don’t be daft, girl,” Aunt Jessica said.  “If there was a river I’d know about it.  I’ve lived here all my life.  Anyway, your river’s dried up and you know it is,” and so the conversation ended.
Chrissy went out and about whenever she could, partly to escape the boring apartment and her disinterested aunt, and partly to explore the city.  She talked to people and, although she found no friends, she became a familiar sight in the area.  Whenever she met someone new, she asked them about her river and always received a similar reply.  
“Can you tell me where to find the river?” she would say.
“What river?  No, dear, not here, no river in this city,” would come the reply.
One day, she met an old lady sitting in the doorway to a block of flats.  She said ‘hallo’ and Chrissy asked:
“Have you ever heard of a river in the Big City?  I’m looking for my river.”
The old lady replied:
“The river, my dear.  Well, well, well and bless me.  No one asked about that before.  No they didn’t.  I don’t know about your river, but I can tell you about my river.  Oh yes, oh yes, my river runs right through this town, but you won’t see it for looking.  No, my dear, it’s lost its way, you see, gone underground it has.”
“Do you mean there is a river here?” Chrissy asked, with excited eyes shining.
“That’s what I said, my dear, but you won’t find it no more.  It’s got lost you see,” she repeated.
“But how can a river get lost?”
“As easy as you or me,” and the old lady laughed.  “The river used to run right through this town as proud as can be, a long, long time ago, mind you.  There was a shipyard down by the harbour, and boats and bridges.  It was a beautiful river with trees and parks.  Then one day there was a great storm at sea which blocked the harbour with sand, you see.  The river came up and up and flooded over the docks and houses hereabouts.  Well, the city fathers didn’t know what to do so they called in this great engineer and he built a high sea wall right around the town.  It’s still there today.  And he built a canal for the river to run in, all the way to the sea, with locks and sluices and all.  The river still flooded, but a way back behind the city, in the great swamp at the edge of town, you know.”
“But where is it now?” cried Chrissy.
“Now, now, I was coming to that, my dear,” said the old lady.  “Well all those years ago this was just a small city, you know.  A good place it was in those days.  But slowly they rebuilt it, bit by bit.  They knocked down all the old places and built on all the parks.  Everything kept getting bigger.  They said it was getting better, but not for the likes of us.  You see, the rich folks moved out to the edge of town and had their parks an’ lovely places there.  But here, well look around, it’s full to bursting and ugly as death.  Anyhows, as they built, they covered everything, even the river, until it got lost.  Most folks round here don’t even know we’ve got a river, but we have, it’s right below us; nobody sees it now, it must be so sad.”
“Thank you, thank you,” cried Chrissy.  “I knew I was right.  I will find the river.  It can be our river and I will take you there.  We can go together.”  
“Oh, no.  I’m much too old now,” said the old woman.  “But you go and find it and when you do, be sure to come and tell me.”
Chrissy skipped away elated.  She would start searching straight away and she would start at the harbour.
The weeks passed by and the proposed holiday drew nearer.  Aunt Jessica was becoming more irritable as time went by.  One day she asked Chrissy:
“Hey, honey, do you really want to come on holiday?”
Chrissy replied: “Aren’t you going to go?”
“Yes, angel, I’m going, but do you want to go?”
Suddenly Chrissy realised that Aunt Jessica didn’t want her to go and for a moment thought that she would be able to go back to the farm.
“You could stay here, honey, just for one week.  I’ll get some stuff in for you to eat.  You’ll love it, keeping house on your own.  I would think it a big favour, only we won’t tell your folks.  Okay, sweetie?”
So it was decided and two weeks later Aunt Jessica shut the door to the apartment and went down the stairs.  Chrissy looked out of the window and saw her meet a man on the street.  They went off together.  It was the last time that Chrissy ever saw her Aunt Jessica.
Chrissy decided that she had to go back to the farm.  She could not continue to live with her aunt.  Although her aunt had left a small amount of money, it was not enough to buy a ticket back home.
Chrissy decided that she needed to meet some people to help her get back, but she did not know where to begin.  She went out after breakfast the next day and explored the area where she had seen the young men by the docks.  In the daylight it was just a busy working area.  There was no sign of any young men hanging around.  That evening, she went out again and retraced her steps past the dockyard cranes and warehouses.  She walked on into the shadows by the quay and again she heard the low whistle from a nearby building.

Chapter Three – Sgurr-Cavan

I raced up the hill to my home after Old Eric had told me his tale, wondering, all the way, what had become of the white crystal of Mythras.  If the Reverend Finder had found it, perhaps it was still in the house or chapel.  I crept into the chapel and searched the place but I could not find any signs of the past that linked it with the legend; I did not know it had been rebuilt.  I left the chapel and returned to my house where I looked around in all the rooms but still I found nothing.  Upstairs in my room, I wondered where I might find a clue to the mystery.  I lay on my bed and looked at the ceiling.  Suddenly, it struck me that the loft was the place to look.  It was full of old boxes and trunks.  It was possible to enter the loft through a tiny door at the top of a small, steep flight of stairs, on the upper landing.
I slid back the bolt, pushed open the door and crept inside.  There was a dim light from a skylight overhead.  All about there was dust and cobwebs.  Old boxes lay scattered on the beams beside the grey, musty smelling planks that lined the passage.  The first box I pulled down to open sent an avalanche of dust into the air and I began to cough.  I crouched completely still.  I did not want anyone to know where I was, but there was no other sound in the house.  Slowly, I opened box after box.  I found old games, clothes, toys, books; all manner of strange and delightful things.  Another time, I would have stopped to look more carefully at the old curios, but I had a purpose in mind, and repacked them all.
I had opened all the boxes I could find.  I was beginning to feel disappointed.  There was nothing there.  I went back to the door and was about to go out when I heard steps coming up to the attic door.  Quickly, I went back into the loft and looked for a place to hide.  I managed to squeeze in behind the massive chimney and turn out the torch just as someone came into the loft.  It was my father.  “Harry.  Is that you?” he called out.  I decided to stay quiet.  He stayed for a moment and then went away, closing the loft behind him.  I heard the bolt slowly and noisily slide shut.
How stupid of me.  Now I was stuck in the loft.  I looked around for a way out.  There was no other way.  Returning to the chimney I sat down on an old board and there opposite me hidden under the eaves was an old box.  It was so embedded in cobwebs that it would have been invisible from any other angle.  It took ages to get the cobwebs off it.  I dragged it out under the skylight and saw that it had writing on the top.  I wiped away the dust and my heart missed a beat as I read: 
‘Property of Reverend W. L. Finder’
A mottled brown label had the words neatly inscribed in an old fashioned script.  Brown twine, which broke as I pulled it, held down the lid.  Hardly able to contain my excitement, I quickly opened it.  The residue of camphor greeted me.
Inside the box, I found old fashioned clothes, all carefully folded and wrapped in tissue.  Beneath the clothes were pens, paper, books and map.  I looked at each in turn but found no object or information that could help me in my search for the white crystal.  Dejectedly, I put back the contents of the box, except the map.  I opened the map and saw it was hand drawn.  It was not of the island at all but seemed to be a place with mountains.  Across the mountain range was the name Snowy Mountains.  Although I was sure I had heard of it before, I did not know where it was, but put the map in my pocket anyway.  Then I returned the box, as well as I could, to its former position.  With no other option left I returned to the door and lifted the latch expecting it to be locked.  The door opened immediately.  My father had closed the bolt but then on a hunch immediately opened it again, just in case.  He guessed I was there.  I went down to my room, changed my dirty clothes and descended to the study where my father was sitting and reading.
“Who was the Reverend Finder?” I asked.
“Well now, where did you hear of that name?” My father replied, looking up from his journal.
“There is a box in the attic with his name on it,” I said simply.
“There is, and long may it stay there.”
“Tell me about him,” I repeated my request.
My father put down the journal and bade me sit down; then he began.
“There isn’t much to tell you about the man.  He lived here a long time ago.  Apparently he lodged in this cottage while his intended house was being improved.   Only he never went to live there, though, because he disappeared.  That old box is all his property that was left in the house.  For a long time, I’m told, it was left in his room in case he returned to collect it.  Some reports say he couldn’t stand the quiet here; he was a Big City man, you see, and went back.  Another story says he fell in the old mine workings and never got found.  I don’t know what happened to him but he did leave one clue, if you’re interested.  There’s an old book of his in the bookcase over there.  I read it once, a long time ago, but I don’t recall what it contained.  I think it was a diary and other notes.  He was a bit of a disappointment really, only stayed a couple of months, barely started the job, you know.”
So saying, he picked up his journal again and continued to read.  I quickly found the book, and I wondered why I had never noticed it before; it was a very ordinary, small, cloth bound notebook.  I walked out of the room clutching my treasure.  As I passed the door I glimpsed my father’s reflection in the mirror.  He sat looking and smiling quizzically at me.
The words: ‘Rev. W. L. Finder - Suidhe 1853’ showed neatly on the faded blue cover.  I opened the book.  Inside the cover were the words ‘Ego Sum Dominus Temporis’ in brown ink.  A different hand had added: ‘Lead us into temptation!’ below.  I turned the page.  Clearly, it was a diary starting from the day of the Rev. Finder’s arrival on the island.  The initial entries were disappointing: matter of fact descriptions of his new life and the people he had met.  However, the entry for Sunday 1st May contained a passage that excited me.  I read on.
‘Sun 1st May 1853
Today I have found an odd box hidden amongst a batch of old papers in the attic.  The box is beautifully carved, made from ebony and lined with scarlet velvet cloth.  The patterns upon each side and on the lid are very intricate and strange.  It is most unusual and precious.  Inside the lid it has the letter ‘M’ carved in gothic script.  I wonder what or whom ‘M’ was and I wonder what he kept in such an intriguing box.’
‘Tue 3rd May 1853
The papers I found on Sunday appear to be of little significance except for one small notebook.  The book contains a collection of notes concerned with the ways of a magician called Mythras, who once came to this island.  Whoever wrote the notebook seemed concerned about this man.  I wonder if the ‘M’ on the box I found could have stood for Mythras.  The notebook contained the description of just such a box.  If the box was the property of the magician, he may have used it to store a famous crystal or gem that he is reputed to have carried.  I wonder how it came to be here?’
‘Thurs 5th May 1853
Today, I received a visit from a local man - Peter Inchcape.  He represents the Elders on the island who are, I believe, the island Council.  He was most welcoming and offered his assistance should I require it.  I shewed him the old notebook and he read it with interest.  Afterwards he related a long tale about Mythras and a great storm.  A local legend, he called it.  He tells me the stories of Mythras had once been popular on Suidhe, but he knew of no proof for their authenticity.  I did not shew him the box.’
‘Sun 8th May 1853
My first Sunday service here.  I was very nervous and the chapel was full to bursting, but all went well and I felt quite relieved and relaxed by the end.  Afterwards, I went out for a long walk across the island.  This is a good place to be and I am very happy here.’
‘Fri 13th May 1853
The box I found in the attic is no longer empty! Today I found a magnificent gemstone hidden in the chapel.  I cannot be sure, of course, but I have placed it in the box, it seems appropriate.  The ‘crystal’ box has been returned to its former glory!’
‘Sunday 15th May 1853
Peter Inchcape and I walked and talked our way up to the top of the great hill, Sgurr-Cavan this afternoon.  The weather was very poor and we took shelter in a large cave that is near the top of the hill.  Peter tells me that there are many such caves.  Some of them are old mine workings and should be treated with caution.  He also told me of caves on the coast that can be reached by boat at high tide.  There are no maps of the island.  I think I might attempt to make one when I have time, like I did on the Mainland when I was a curate.’
‘Tue 31st May 1853
Today, I went to the other side of the island and found the old caves.  I took out a rowing boat and explored the farther openings.  The locals were much amused by my antics in the boat!  One cave leads back a long way.  I had neither time nor tide to explore far but it appears to have passages and streams entering at the far end.  There are many bats in the higher parts.’
‘Fri 3rd June 1853
One local man at Newbridge is greatly interested in my questions about Mythras and the storm.  I believe he knows more than he tells of the old stories.  He has told me they are legends made up to tell the children, but my discovery of the crystal box suggests to me that there must be some truth in the tale.  I explained that my interest is historical and that I propose to write a history of the island.  He clearly did not share my enthusiasm for such a project.’
‘Sat 4th June 1853
A strange thing - on my walk today I felt I was being followed.  I couldn’t be sure but on several occasions I thought I heard something behind me.  Every time I stopped to listen there was neither sound nor sight of a follower.  As I came up the hill, I saw the Newbridge man I spoke to yesterday looking around the chapel this morning.  By the time I reached there he had gone.  Peter Inchcape offered to help me in my researches and to introduce me to the local people I might not yet have met at chapel.  He seems a good man and very knowledgeable.’
‘Tue 7th June 1853
This is a beautiful place.  I thank God for bringing me here.  Today I walked to the top of Sgurr-Cavan and observed the view for the first time.  So often, a wreath of cloud shrouds the summit.  The peak is so much loftier than all the rest – 3,000ft at least I should think.  Almost all the ragged coast of this isle is visible from there.  The distant sea sparkled under the sun.  It has been a beautiful day.  The coves around Newbridge are hidden from view by high cliffs at this vantage point.  I descended the far side a little way towards Newbridge but as evening was approaching I turned back.  Again, I was aware of the Follower all the way down the hill.’
‘Thur 9th June 1853
I determined to catch the Follower and discover his interest in my affairs.  I first spoke to Peter Inchcape about the Follower.  He was inclined to dismiss it as fancy but became more serious as I persisted.
He told me,
“You are new on this island, my friend.  There are things that happen here we are not so proud to speak aloud.  This is an isolated place and our ways may seem a little strange at first.  Of course, we welcome you to the community, but there are those here who would not welcome your enquiries.  Being cut off from the mainland, as we are, some folk see us as a good place to hide away from enquiring persons.  In short, Suidhe is a good place to hide and a good place to keep things hidden.”
Somewhat surprised, I asked if he meant smugglers.
“Maybe so, maybe not.  I am just saying, give the people time to get to know you.  Do not be hasty in judgement.”
‘Fri 10th June 1853
Another fine day.  This afternoon I have walked to the coast.  I am getting to know this island well now.  As usual, the Follower was somewhere behind me.  I have seen him!  After a mile or so on the coast path I struck off up a track that leads to Sgurr-Cavan.  The track passes through a dense pine wood.  I darted into a thicket of trees and moved quickly, turning about here and there until I felt sure I had lost him.  Then I went up into a ravine I had seen from the top of the hill and through which the footpath passes.  This small ravine traps the sun and the heat was intense.  Many insects were buzzing about me and, more than once, I saw a snake slide across the rocks ahead.  I crept along to the top of the steep valley and dropped down into an opening in the rock to wait.  It is very wild and rocky in this part of the island and I was completely alone, except for my shadow.  Some minutes later the Follower hastened up the path, unaware of my presence above him.  I had intended to confront the man, until I saw him.  I had suspected that man from Newbridge who was so interested in my questions but the man I saw on the path was Peter Inchcape, my friend and adviser, or so I thought.’
‘A cold feeling came upon me and I felt very scared.  I watched him pass and, when I was sure he was out of sight, I crept to the edge of the opening and stood on the ledge in the sunlight.  Suddenly, I saw the silhouette of a figure high above me looking into the ravine.  He was staring straight at me.  Clearly, he could see me.  The sun was behind him so I could not be certain who it was but it seems certain to be Inchcape with that broad brimmed hat.  I didn’t know what to do.  Should I acknowledge him or go to him or turn and run or do nothing?  Something made me turn away.  I went back to the opening and felt a distinct cold draught of air issuing forth from deep within the cave.’
‘I walked a little way in and found myself in absolute darkness.  It was the opposite of the ravine.  I had moved from summer midday to cool midnight in a space of yards.  The sound of distant water echoed about me, dripping eerily.  The underground chill made me shiver.  I was aware of a great space ahead of me that I could not see.  The caves must have been deep and the passages large.  Immediately I thought of the caves on the coast and wondered if they were connected – I shall have to investigate.’
‘The cool dark air cleared my thoughts.  How stupid to be suspicious.  Peter Inchcape had shewn me here in the first place.  It was a beautiful day and only natural he should come out walking here as well.   I decided to walk out and meet the Follower, Peter Inchcape, after all.  I walked out into the warmth and glare of the sunlight.  There was no one visible.  I called and received no reply but the echo of my own voice rebounding back across the rocky ravine.  In the distance, I heard a strange wild bird call but I could not see the creature that uttered it.  I turned and walked back home and this time I had no follower.’
‘I think there is a mystery here.  It has some connection with the magician Mythras and the story of the storm, but it also has something to do with the present day and the island Elders.  I do not yet know what connects these parts of the puzzle or why.’
‘Tomorrow I shall go to the top of Sgurr-Cavan again and see if I can find where the crystal pillar is supposed to have stood - perhaps there is something to it.  The caves seem to hold secrets also.’

*****
This was the last entry in the diary and left me wondering what became of the Rev. Finder and his mystery.  I searched further through the books and papers in the parlour but found nothing in them to complete the story.
However, by chance, I went on an errand, for my father, to the small island library.  There I found the records of the Suidhe Chronicle, the island news sheet.  There were many bound volumes and in one edition I found the following article.

‘Friday 17th June 1853
A search has failed to trace the whereabouts of the Rev. W.L.Finder (aged 32) who disappeared whilst out walking on Sunday.  He was last seen walking in the direction of Sgurr-Cavan, in the early afternoon, by local man Peter Inchcape.  No further sightings have been reported.  A search party combed the area on Monday, without success.’

These discoveries excited me greatly.  It seemed to me that the Rev. Finder may have found the crystal and Mythras’s box.  Had he disappeared like the four sailors?  Had some other adventure befallen him on that final Sunday?  What was the importance of the caves on Sgurr-Cavan? 
The next day, I visited my friend Frank and persuaded him to come with me, to the Temple of the Winds, to search for the caves.  We prepared for the adventure carefully.  I packed a torch and a compass.  Despite the warm weather we knew it would be cool in the caves and we both packed warm clothes and plenty of provisions in our knapsacks.
The climb to the centre of the island began early.  It would be a long trek and we had promised to return before nightfall.  I calculated that we had about twelve hours before sunset and it would take several hours walking each way to complete the journey.  Frank and I walked up the hill to the edge of Oldford and crossed the old bridge across the head of the gorge that marked the path of the river.  The river flowed through an opening in a low rock cliff that lay at the head of the gorge.  The waters gathered above in the marshes and moors and found their way underground to this point.  We made our way swiftly, at first, along the well-used paths and tracks that threaded around the many small fields and orchards that lay below the hills.  Several islanders, who were harvesting their crops of fruit and hops, waved to us as we passed.  We had a jolly time and fresh apples to eat.
Walking along, I imagined how the Rev. Finder had probably trodden the same paths all those years ago.  The weather was fine and, as the sun rose into the sky, the day became warm.  The dew-soaked bracken, nettles and grass beside the paths slowly dried.  As we looked out across the gently rising plain, we caught glimpses of the distant sea reflecting the blue skies.  A refreshing sea breeze was blowing across the hillside and cooled us in the heat.
Four miles inland, the lush green that surrounded the farmsteads gave way to a rockier terrain.  The seldom used paths thereabouts became harder to walk along.  After an hour and a half of steady walking, we found ourselves at the foot of the central hills.  We stopped there for refreshments and surveyed the scene from our vantage point above the fields.
It was mid-morning as we started to climb the hillside.  There were paths to follow but they often became indistinct as they wound across the rocky outcrops.  The formation of the hills on the island was like a shelf full of books that had half fallen over on to their sides.  Alternate steep rocky escarpments and shallow rising pastures built up in a fairly orderly manner towards a central point.  This area was the Deer Gardens, and a large herd of red deer roamed across the rocks and pastures there.  Sgurr-Cavan, however, was a different formation and towered above in a craggy and haphazard fashion like a giant cairn of stone.  The dense dark, almost black of gabbro, pierced the skies.  Sharp ragged silhouettes of rock buttresses erupted from the moors, surmounting the tawny, mellow and heather covered hues of the lower limestone slopes.  Even in the bright sun of a summer’s day, Sgurr-Cavan looked somehow cold and forbidding.
Some rock climbing was necessary to reach the top and careful footing was imperative.  We circumnavigated each jutting outcrop through a series of steep ravines that led inevitably towards the central peak.  Runnels of loose stone and scree as sharp as glass covered the steep sides of the valleys.  These deep fissures often contained narrow running streams that fairly galloped down the slopes as they gathered their forces before reaching the base of the hill where they drained into the peaty marshes above the coast.  The valleys and rocks are home to goats and sheep in the summer months and we passed a few shepherd’s fire circles built in sheltered places.
The higher we went the colder it became and we were glad of our warm jackets.  Like so many hills, when seen from a distance, Sgurr-Cavan was a larger and higher prospect in reality.  The sun had passed its zenith by the time Frank and I finally walked into the broad corrie below the knife edged ridge that ran up to the summit.  The huge bowl shaped corrie was a bleak place of black and grey.  Waterfalls tumbled down the rocks to the centre.  At that point there was a large flat topped rock around which five streams met and tumbled into a pool.  This must have been where the crystal pillar had stood.  Climbing up to the top we were standing on a small level platform maybe ten feet across.  A tiny cairn of loose rock, invisible from below, was assembled on the top.  Normally, it would be bad luck to disturb a cairn but I could not just leave it.  We took the rocks apart to search for… for what?  There was nothing there.  Carefully we rebuilt the cairn and dropped back down to the floor of the corrie.  
Ten minutes of steep clambering up beside one of the streams brought us to the top.  We were at once ecstatic and tired.  There was just room to sit and steady ourselves from the unceasing wind.  It was the first time either of us had reached the top, although we had often clambered around the lower slopes.  The exhilaration of achieving the summit was superb.
“The Temple of the Wind,” I shouted.  
In answer to my voice, the wind blew in even stronger gusts and with a salty freshness from the sea.   In that exhilarated moment I made a wish upon the wind:  “I wish to go across the sea to find a perfect friend in the land of the Big City.”  We stood for a while with flying hair and ruddy cheeks facing the cold blast, before moving on.  Up here, it was too cold, even in summer, to stay still for long.
Frank and I found a sheltered place close to the rocky path by which we had ascended.  There we sat and ate a hearty lunch of bread rolls, cheese, meat and salad accompanied by a wholesome cordial.  We both felt strong and happy.
We could see all the world we knew from the top of the hill.  The air was as clear as crystal and great distances shrank before our eyes.  In the direction of the mainland, I could see the Big City neatly laid out like a perspective map in the far distance.  Buildings reflected the sun with a million glass-eyed windows.  Some roads were visible as a web of dull black threads.  The tangled maze of streets near the centre gave way to grid like suburbs on the outskirts.  Detail evaporated into the distance, where a smoky heat haze hovered in a pall of grimy cloud above the streets, but the impression was complete.
My eye looked inexorably on and, for the first time, I could see beyond the Big City to where the land lay in a great plain reaching for many miles inland.  To my wonder, I could see beyond the plain to distant mountains.  Almost in the blur of the haze, but quite definite, I could make out the glimmer of snow caps glinting across the high ridges.  It was a view I would never forget.
After we had eaten we climbed once more to the summit.  I followed the horizon around, past the sweep of the mainland bays, until I was facing the opposite direction.  There the sea stretched, seemingly forever, and the horizon blended into the sky in a featureless azure arc.
We had stood in silence, gazing, when I realised that time was pressing on.
“Come on Frank,” I cried, “we must find what we came for.”
“If we can,” he replied.
I was sure that Finder’s caves must be on the far side of the summit, towards Newbridge.  In that direction, the coast was much nearer and the sea caves tunnelled inland.  We laboriously made our way down the far side of Sgurr-Cavan.  It was difficult to pick out a path.  The scree was dense and treacherous and there were no streams to follow on this side of the summit.  There was no sign of any caves in the rocky terrain either.  A little lower down there were some cliffs where waterfalls of scree tumbled down.  It would be too dangerous to go there and I could not see how the Rev. Finder could have gone that way.  We decided to descend below the cliffs to one side and try there.
Working our way around we scrambled and scraped our way down to the edge of the high moors from where it was possible to approach the base of the cliffs. There were many large boulders close to the far edge that offered shelter to what little vegetation grew there.  Stunted and gnarled old trees, no larger than bushes, cowered beside the dark rocks, in the shadow of the wind.  Tufts of grass and moss clutched at clefts and cracks between the stones.  We found numerous small openings behind the trees.  At each one we thought we had found the mouth of a cave, but each in succession proved to be little more than a deep depression in the rock.
Suddenly, Frank shouted across from between two boulders a little way down the slope.
“In here, Harry, I think I can hear water.”
I ran across and crawled into the small gap.  The faint metallic chime of running water echoed up from deep below but nothing was visible.
“It’s a long way down,” he said.
“There must be a cave here.  I think we’ve found it!” I whispered.
“But how do we get in?”
“Let’s look around,” I said “there might be a way in lower down.”
Clinging on to the edge of the slope I could feel my head lightening with the effect of vertigo.  We began to climb down the hillside but the rocks were difficult to negotiate.  Scree and loose boulders covered the mountainous incline and rattled down in runnels beneath our feet.  The further down we struggled, the harder it became to retain a foothold or handhold.  I began to feel very unsafe.
We must have been two hundred feet below the summit but the way into the cave still eluded us.
“Let’s go back up,” shouted Frank.  “This is no good.”
“I don’t think I can, this scree is too unstable.”
As I replied, Frank trod on another loose boulder and lost his footing.  He slid, tumbling down the hillside below me, surrounded by an avalanche of sharp grey grit.  I lay flat against the ground as small rocks washed past me.  Looking down, I shouted to him.
“Frank, Frank, where are you?” But there was no reply.
When the dust had settled, there was no sign of Frank; he had disappeared.  I began to ease my way cautiously down, slowly, slowly, like a crab.  Suddenly I saw it, and as I saw it, Frank stood up.  The sliding scree had uncovered the entrance to a small cave and, miraculously, Frank had dropped through into safety as the boulders bounded harmlessly by.
Seconds later, I stood beside my friend, who, despite his torn clothes, was unhurt.  The cave entrance was small but opened out into a larger chamber.  The sun shone into the mouth of the cave and gave enough light to see back a little way.
We prepared to explore and I took out my torch.  Our progress into the tunnel was slow at first, while we became used to the darkness and the cool echoing shadows.  I felt increasingly insecure in the deepening dark as we ventured out of sight of daylight.  Often, I glanced back into the velvet black behind us.  When we spoke, it was in a low whisper, as if to avoid being overheard.
The magic of the cave slowly overcame our fear.  We entered a small passage that led towards the centre of the hill.  The tunnel was dropping down all the while.  The ancient walls had been carved from solid rock and I wondered if man or nature had made them.  We could hear the clink and drip of water all about us, while in the distance, but coming ever closer, was the sound of a running stream.  The passage twisted several times and seemed to be becoming smaller.  The roof was so low that we had to stoop to continue along the tunnel.  We did not feel lost, there was only one way to go and, after checking on the little compass, I found we were still heading towards the centre of the hill.
The passage ended suddenly and we found ourselves standing in a gallery looking into a black void.  The torch revealed the floor falling away below, mirroring the roof that curved above.  The torch beam was too weak to illuminate the full extent of the cavern we had entered.  We stood, awe-struck by the enormity of the hollow mountain we had discovered.  The rock in the passageways had been dark and indistinct in colour and the walls of this cavern were the same.  But all was not dark.  High above us, a single shaft of sunlight blazed through a fissure in the roof.  Perhaps it was the very crack we had first looked through ourselves.  The light beam pierced the blackness like a glowing rod and struck the further wall.  I gasped as I saw the place.  The wall was alive with radiance and colour.  The light cascaded about it like a furnace of brilliant jewels.  The dancing sparkling beams shone through a waterfall in myriad rainbows that reflected on the roof in rippling patterns cast by a large pool.  It was beautiful, but the thing that grasped my mind was the wall behind the pool, for there, at the point where the rainbows ended, was a massive eruption of liquid clear white crystal.  Somewhere inside me I began to understand the mystery of Mythras and the mountain.  We had found the white crystal and it was magical.
Frank and I stood in the rocky gallery for a timeless moment, silently watching the display as it slowly changed.  The light from the sun could only shine through the fissure for a short time each day, and only for a small number of days each year.  We were privileged witnesses to a moving experience.  The secret of the hill would not have come to light had we been there on another day or at a different time.  It was easy to believe that some glorious fate had drawn us to the cavern.
I felt sure that Mythras must have known about this place and the light window.  He must have come to the island to find this cave and to obtain his crystal.  I decided to take some for myself.  I would find out the secrets of Mythras.
I awoke from the surreal dream that surrounded me and turned to Frank.  I realised that time would cause the crystal to vanish as the light moved and I said in an excited whisper.
“We must hurry, before the light goes.  I need the crystal.”
Frank did not question my desire.  With Frank in the lead we crept down into the massive chamber and began to cross the floor towards our goal.  Part way across the cavern, my foot stepped on something loose on a rock.  I shone my torch at the place and gasped involuntarily.  Lying at my feet were the disjointed bones of a human skeleton.  I stooped and looked at the unfortunate victim.  There were no features of the former corpse left, but lying in some sand close by it were some coins.  I picked one up, the date on it was 1853.  I put the coin in my pocket.  My mind was racing.  Could this be the last resting place of the Reverend Finder?  If so, then what had happened to lead him to his death?  I looked down at the skeleton again.  The gaunt white arm lay stretched out and pointing towards the depths of the cavern.  The empty eye sockets stared into my face.  I stared back, transfixed by the vacant glare for a moment, before Frank called me on.  I put the thoughts out of my mind and crossed the rocks to where Frank stood by the edge of the pool.  The magic light was playing upon his face.  For some reason I felt unable to tell him about the skeleton I had found.
‘I’ll tell him later,’ I thought.
To reach the crystal we had to cross the pool, there was no way to go around it.  I knelt down and felt the icy water and shivered at the touch.  The pool was long but narrow.  The waterfall showered down into the centre and flowed sedately out at one end.  Away from the waterfall, the pool was completely clear and by carefully shining the torch we could see where the bottom shelved deeply around the waterfall but appeared to be shallow close to the edge.
“I will go,” I said simply.  “You hold the rope.”
So saying, I took the rope out of my knapsack and Frank uncoiled it while I took off my trousers, preparing to wade through the water.  I tied the rope about my chest below my arms.  We would take no risks here.
I stepped gingerly into the pool and the shocking cold water covered my skin; it was like plunging into snow.  I could feel the smooth rock on the bare soles of my feet.  I felt a thrill run through me as I waded around the pool.  The spray of mist from the waterfall constantly bathed me and the water slowly rose up to my knees as I moved towards the crystal.  The pool was deeper where the overflow drained out and the strength of the current surprised me.  I stopped to brace myself against the flow before I ventured on.
The approach to the cascade of crystal took longer than I had expected.  The crystal extended under the water and the floor of the pool became angular and sharp with the facets of the remarkable stone.  All about me, the light seemed to float and flutter.  The crystal was so bright in the darkness that it was hard to look directly into it.  I became illuminated by the rainbows and was able to touch the stone at last.
I had hoped to find some loose pieces.  The stone was impressively hard to the touch.  It was as smooth and as sharp as glass but firmer and less brittle, like a clear flint.  I could not find any broken stone and took out the small hammer that I had brought with me in my bag.  I tested the sharp crystal with the blunt steel and a shower of electric blue sparks flew from the hammerhead.  I chose a point where the broken stone would not, I hoped, fall into the water.  I shielded my eyes with one arm and I struck the stone hard.  The crack of the hammer was like a gunshot and echoed into reverberation.  Light scattered momentarily as a piece of the precious rock fell against me.  Suddenly, with a squealing rush dozens of black shadows flew frantically whirling and flapping past.  My heart missed a beat.  It was just bats disturbed by the sound.  Perhaps I should have taken it as an omen of the forces the stone would release.
I picked up the piece that had broken off.  The stone was cold, smooth and heavy.  It had perfect flat edges.  I laid it in my hand and looked at the glowing crystal.  It fitted snugly in my palm.  I could tell the light in the chamber was changing and fading fast.  I placed the hammer and the crystal in my bag and closed it securely before turning to make my way back.
In my excitement, I had forgotten the freezing water.  My legs were so numb that I could not feel my feet at all and I could barely move.  A moment passed when, in panic, I thought I was stuck in the cave.  With a great effort, I started to walk like a slow awkward automaton towards the shore where Frank patiently waited.  I shouted to my companion to take up the slack and my small voice died in the vastness of the great chamber.  The journey back to where Frank was standing took a long time.  My legs were not getting any warmer and I could feel my whole body shivering uncontrollably with the cold.
Suddenly a shadow blocked the shaft of light and the cave pitched into blackness.  Involuntarily, I looked up to where the window had been.  As the light returned I saw dislodged stone and dust floating down into the cave through the receding beams of light.  I felt an even deeper shiver pass through me.  What was up there?  I was about twenty feet from the edge of the pool when the disaster struck.  I couldn’t feel my feet and I missed my footing completely, plunging over the edge of an underwater shelf.  I lost balance and fell headlong into the icy cold darkness.  
Frank called out, “Harry!”
The freezing liquid rushed into my mouth and nose, and I felt my head plunge below the surface.  In a shock of coldness, the icy water filled me up as my head struck the sharp rocky floor of the pool.

*****
Frank struggled with the rope.  At first it would not move at all.  Only by clambering into the edge of the pool could he free the rope from the edge of the rocky shelf and pull me up above water.  With a tremendous effort I was pulled to the edge.  Desperately, he dragged my cold, wet body out of the water.  Frank knelt with limbs shaking, not just from cold.
“Wake up! Please wake up,” I heard Frank say in the distance.  Then his voice seemed to come nearer.  I became aware that I was awakening, as though from a long deep dream.  I felt tired and wanted to pull my bed covers over me and go back to sleep.  I was so cold and my head ached.
The world became clearer, but the half-darkness of the cave was a mystery to me.  I did not understand where I was until I turned over at last and looked up at the fading shaft of light high up in the chamber.
“Frank,” I shouted feebly, “are you all right?”
Somehow, I thought that Frank had been in some trouble, but my confusion soon gave way to the reality of the cold.
I raised myself slowly to my knees.  Frank supported me as I struggled to re-dress myself.  I felt nauseous and strangely light headed.  The realisation of my accident in the subterranean lake had infiltrated my numbed head and I felt angry with myself for falling.  The shivering cold began to subside as I covered myself in every layer of clothing I had.  My legs itched and ached with the distressing sensation of burning as the feeling returned.  We lifted our packs and slowly, and painfully, retraced our steps, past the silent witness of the skeleton, to the cave entrance.  With every step my head pounded and pain shot through my legs.
Outside at last, we blinked stupidly at each other.  Frank stared at my head and gasped.
“Harry, your head.  No, don’t touch it.  We’ll have to clean it up later.”
The gash on my skull had left my hair matted with blood.  I was so cold and shocked I had not even felt it.
But in the late afternoon sun I felt the warmth at last and something inside me was deliriously happy.  I could not help myself and to Frank’s astonishment I laughed aloud as I felt a fresh new freedom enter my heart.  The expedition had succeeded.  We would both remember the magical underground kingdom of crystal light for the rest of our days.  We both respected the memory and kept the secret forever.
The exhilaration of the moment and the warmth of the sun relieved my pain.  Frank and I tumbled down the scree and landed in a rather ungainly fashion on firm ground.  We no longer felt any danger.  After our adventure in the cave the outside world seemed innocent and homely.  I stood up and dusted myself down.  Suddenly, Frank hissed and pointed up to the summit of Sgurr-Cavan.
“Look, up there!”
I looked up at the summit and glimpsed the silhouette of a man.  He was standing darkly outlined against the horizon.  He was a tall figure in a wide brimmed hat.  I blinked and looked again but he had gone.  
“Who was that?”  asked Frank.
“The Follower.  Let’s go,” I replied, almost silently, 
The shadow of the man remained framed in my mind and I felt that he was strangely familiar.  We decided to return home quickly.  As we walked, I wondered about the skeleton I had seen, and about the Reverend Finder.  Then my thoughts crossed to the Follower and the man in the wide brimmed hat.  The form of the silhouette stayed in my mind’s eye.  Was that the Follower?
The journey down Sgurr-Cavan was uneventful.  We were both tired, especially me, and stayed quiet for a time.  When we spoke, it was of the past and other events.  Even though it was all that filled our minds, neither of us mentioned our adventure in the cave.  We arrived back in Oldford, I stopped at the gate to my house and turned to say good-bye to Frank.
“Harry,” he said, “I am going away.”
“What!” I exclaimed.
“I didn’t want to tell you, ’til today.”
“Why?”
“We’re going to the mainland to live.  I knew it would be soon.  We’re going next week.  We’re going to look at the place tomorrow.”
“Good-bye then,” I said rather stupidly, “and...  and thanks, for today.”
Frank turned and began to descend the hill as I watched from the gate.  At the corner he turned and waved, smiling.  The melancholy of the moment passed and I laughed again, rather weakly, waving back.
“Good-bye,” I called.
“Good-bye,” came the fading reply.
Frank turned the corner.  It was to be years before I saw him on the island again.
I walked up the old flagstone path and pushed at the half-open stable door.  I strode into the kitchen.  I must have looked a sight.  My mother shrieked when she saw me but scolded me as I laughed.  I told her some of the adventure but left out any reference to possible danger, or the skeleton.  She scolded me again but seemed satisfied as she cleaned up my bruised and gashed head and took away the bedraggled clothes.  I hid the precious White Crystal and went to bed early.  I suddenly felt overwhelmingly tired.  Climbing up the stairs I tumbled onto my bed and slept.  It came as no surprise when I awoke with a severe chill and remained in bed for nearly a week.
Wild dreams infested my fever, and later my mother told me I babbled strange tales about crystal lights and caverns.  I smiled meekly but said nothing.  
I did not like to leave the crystal where it might be found, and I carried it everywhere with me.  I kept it in a small leather pouch in my pocket.  I spent hours gazing into the strange and beautiful stone I had found.  I wondered how I could unleash the magical power that I thought it possessed.  Sometimes, the crystal would catch the light and reflect a spectrum of colour.  Sometimes, I found myself staring into the stone and forgetting everything around me.  I seemed to be drawn into the crystal like a waking dream and my head was filled by strange words spoken by an unknown voice:

‘I live in the stone,
A world still apart,
My life unknown,
The earth my heart.
How many long years
Ever will be,
Mysterious traveller
Across the deep sea?
Stand clear in the dawn,
The master of time,
Enter the caverns
Revealing the crime.
Older than history,
Filled with strange light,
Touching cold mystery
Inside the deep night.
My thoughts are your deeds,
Each vision my sight.’

My father told me that my friend Frank had visited during my delirium to say good-bye and that his family had departed to their new house.  I was saddened; it was my first broken friendship.
“Here, I thought you might like this,” my father said and he handed me a wooden box.  “I remembered it after you asked about Finder.  It belonged to him, I believe.  See it has an ‘M’ carved on it.  I am sure I don’t know what ‘M’ is for, but it looks very old”
“Where was it?”  I asked in wonder as I held the precious casket and stared at the strange device inscribed on the lid.
“In the study,” he replied.  “I used to keep paper clips in it, but I am sure you will find some better use for it.”
“Thank you, thank you,” I exclaimed and took the box up to my room to examine it.  I carefully laid the crystal in the box.  Now it seemed whole again.  I also took the 1835 coin and cleaned it so it shone like new.  I put that in the box as well.  On the lid I looked at the carved ‘M’.  ‘‘M’ is for Mythras’, I thought.
The first day I ventured out of the house after my illness, I went downstairs as usual, but stopped short in the hall.  There was a picture on the wall by the door.  It was so familiar I had never really noticed it before.  Staring down from the picture was the silhouette of a man in a wide brimmed hat.  I asked my father who was in the picture.
“That’s an old man from the island.  It came with the house.  His name was Inchcape, Peter Inchcape.  I believe he was one of the Elders,” he replied.
I shuddered involuntarily and put on my coat and hat before going to the quay to see the ferry come and go.  The crystal was in my pocket as I sat down on the quayside.  The good weather had passed and the overcast sky was heavy with rain.  The clouds darkened by the minute and people went about their business grimly, not minding me.  All the while, I sat in my buttoned up jacket and I turned the heavy leather pouch over and over in my pocket.  The rain swept across the sea and obliterated the view.  I stood and walked to the shelter of the sea wall and sat on a bench in a sheltering niche.  The weather hammered down upon us and closed in about us, bringing thoughts to my mind of Mythras and the storm.
I loosened the stone in the leather pouch and held it tightly in my hand.  The sharp, hard crystal filled my closed fist.  I recited the strange words that I had found at the front of the Rev. Finder’s journal over and over like a mantra until the words ran into one another.
“Ego Sum Dominus Temporis Ego Sum Dominus Temporis Ego Sum Dominus Temporis Ego Sum Dominus Temporis…”
I heard the words murmuring round inside my head like the sound of chanting monks.
I found I was standing up.  I do not know why I did so, but then I made my wish upon the stone and walked slowly along the sea wall to the ferry pier.  The ferry was boarding and the passengers were walking swiftly up the steps through the ticket office to buy their tickets and board the boat.  
I stepped up to the end of the line.  The rain was streaming down.  My pulse was pounding in my ears as I approached the boat, yet nobody spoke to me.  All the while I could hear the chant inside my mind.  I walked into the ticket office and stopped behind the last passenger as he bought his ticket.  Still no one stopped me as I walked slowly through the booth and onto the boat itself.  The ticket inspector took the ticket from each passenger as they passed him, tore it in two and returned half.  I followed the queue and came up to the inspector.  He took the ticket from the man ahead of me and just before I approached he turned aside and shouted up to the bridge.
“Okay.  That’s the last.  Let’s leave this storm behind.”
The engines took on a new clamour and deckhands began to remove the ropes holding the gangway.  My heart was leaping as I turned and ran back down the gangway to the pier.  The complete lack of shouts or commotion was unearthly.  I stood absolutely still as the boat pulled away.  I couldn’t believe it.  Somehow, they didn’t know I was there.  Something had changed; I wasn’t there.  While I watched, a great black crow flew down and circled above my head.  Involuntarily, I took the old coin from my pocket and looked at it again.  It shone brightly against the dark sky.  I heard a strange flapping and saw a brief darkness above me.  I put up my hand to shield my eyes from the huge crow as it swooped down upon me.  The great bird grasped the coin and wrenched it from between my fingers before speeding away through the rain and across the sea.
With a gasp, I stepped back to the edge of the wall and let go the stone in my pocket.  I was feeling nauseous and faint.  Perhaps I was still unwell.  I sat down on the bench in the niche again.  I opened my eyes.  I felt strangely sleepy, as though awakening from a dream.  I looked up and saw...  but what was happening?  The ferry had just started boarding!  Had I dozed off - was it just a dream?  I felt in my pocket - the coin was missing.  The same passengers walked up the gang-plank as before.  The ferry moved off and I sighed in relief.  Perhaps I should not have come out after all?  I must have fallen asleep.  
I stood up and walked quickly around the corner, straight into Old Eric.  His firm bony hand clasped my shoulder tight and spun me around to face him only inches away.  I could feel his rasping breath on my face.
“Where you goin’ in such a hurry, boy?”
“No...  nowhere,” I stuttered, stupidly.
He looked at me steadily, the rain dripping off his hat and coat.
“You found that old crystal yet?” he asked in his gruff smoky rasp.
“No.  What do you mean?” I lied.
“You know what I mean, boy,” he laughed.  “Where you been this week? I missed my young friend,” and he relaxed his grasp.
“Ill in bed.”
“Ah! An’ I thought you had disappeared into Sgurr-Cavan,” he said and his eyes looked fiercely from under the brim of his old hat.
“Look, I must be going.  I’m late for breakfast,” I shouted above the din of wind and rain.
He drew me close and said.
“Not so fast, lad.  Just you remember, them old stones are all temptation.  They ain’t bad in themselves, mind.  But I can tell ’ee, they’re old.  They don’t run to our laws, oh no.”
He pulled me closer still and stared into my eyes.  I wanted to turn away but couldn’t.
“And another thing, boy.  Them stones are only for here, for Suidhe.  They don’t do nothing over there,” and he pointed across the water as he spat the words out.
“Always seek the truth, boy.  You won’t ever find them stones, but they might find you and if they do, don’t tell a soul.  No, don’t even tell Old Eric.  There’s people on this island and elsewhere who can still remember the laws of the Elders.  They don’t want any magicians here again.  Always seek the truth, boy.  Remember Mythras lad.  Remember I tells you.”
He let go of my shoulder.
“But how does the crystal work?” I asked.
“Another time boy, another time,” he replied giving me a staring glance.
“Here,” he said, “I found this at home.  Thought you might like it.”
He thrust a coin into my hand.  I looked at it.  The date on it was 1853, just like the one I had found in the hill and so recently lost, only dull.  I started to speak but he put his finger to his lips and said,
“Not a word, boy.  Not a word.”
Old Eric turned to go.  I watched the old sea dog walk along the quay into the wind and rain, and then I ran off up the hill to my home.
Chapter Four - The Double Cross

The ancient, stalwart house was as massive as a castle.  Cold stone floors echoed the sound of the thunder in rumbling peals through the great rooms.  A torrential shower of rain obscured the view from the windows.  High walls flared electric white as the lightning crackled past, close by.  The storm had cut all power and the grey, monstrous building lay in shadow.  Mullioned windows, set high above the ground, pierced the stone walls.  Slate roofs stretched up into the gloom.  Shaggy masses of moss carpeted the tiles and old twining creepers fanned their fingers across the walls.  The outlines of the turrets and towers were half-hidden by the mists and streaming rain.
This eerie abode hugged the lower slopes of a tree covered hillside in the foothills of the Snowy Mountains.  Range upon range of ever higher hills, precipice upon precipice, piled up behind it.  Somewhere in the distance there were high, snow-covered peaks capped with icy white, even in the height of summer.
The evening storm had driven inland across the plains and was rattling through the hills to mark the end of that long, hot summer.  Water filled the gullies and smoothed the cracked baked clay.  The tired streams began to flow with brown, creamy, frothing liquid.  The earth breathed and the sweet smell of rain-soaked soil smothered the fields.  All around, the water released new perfumes from the pine woods where wild herbs scented the undergrowth.  Fungi mushroomed up overnight through the woody tilth.  The creatures of the world took shelter in the woods, hedges and holes.
The violence of the opening scene gave way to a gentler play.  A new, softer rain caressed the countryside with its cooling feathery touch.  Life returned to the fields and forests; brown turned to green.  Everywhere, leaves were dripping and the burnt umber of parched earth received the abundance in heaving sighs of gratitude.
The hill farmers in their farmhouses slept with smiles upon their faces while, in their dreams, they fixed the plough and tilled the red ochre soil, or scythed the lush grass ready for the changing year to come.
High on the hill, with the electric light restored, the old house seemed to cast a softer shadow than before.  No sinister murk adorned the lofty towers.  Instead, the dull grey limestone was friendly and welcoming in the shower.  The ages of time lay easily in the stones, even as the builder had intended, twenty generations before.
This hilly place, was the source of the streams that fed the tributaries that led to the rivers that snaked through the plains.  A wild world still ruled below the shadows of the mountains.  Wolves roamed the deep woods searching for lost sheep.  Bears hunted for the sweet honey from the bees’ nests and searched out quiet caves for their winter sleep.  The rocks trembled here, from time to time, sending avalanches of scree washing down the valleys like dark chattering rivers of stone.  The wilful rocks heaved while the mountain building continued.  It was only possible to traverse the inhospitable Snowy Mountains for a few months each summer.  The old drove road climbed through the great pass that wound its way up above the tree line, and snaked between the high peaks, where the air was thin and the eagle flew alone in the sky.
There were no towns and few people in the mountains.  Here was the home of an ancient tribe hidden away in the remote valleys.  The people were simple but tough.  They farmed the sheep and goats on the hilly pastures below the tree line.  The shepherds brought their sheep into the hills each spring and took them back to the lower valleys when late autumn approached.  They were the only true people of the hills and lived solitary, almost silent lives.  They moved from shelter to shelter, with their grazing sheep.  The shepherds would rejoin their families in the winter, where they lived together in small hamlets in the foothills.  
Erebos, the large house, built so long ago by a rich city man, lay at the edge of one of the shepherd hamlets.  It was a summer palace for his escape.  It had been empty and derelict for many years, a place where snakes and bears found shelter.  One day, it took the interest of a man with the desire to live apart from other men.  He was old but not yet tired.  He had been a traveller for many years.  He felt the need to seek out where nature held her power and, in that place, close to the mountains, he felt that something older than man still controlled the earth.
This eccentric man ignored the shepherds and, in time, their mild curiosity waned.  The people came to know him as the Old Man of the Mountain but his true name, Sicarius, was known only to him.  When he needed a name he called himself Dr. Wolfe.  He lived there many years and gathered herbs in the woods and minerals in the valleys.  He walked the hills and made charts and notes of all that he observed.  This curious man filled the great house with his collections.  He had the service of a number of short, swarthy strangers who had arrived from far away lands.  They spoke in a foreign tongue and kept apart from all but themselves.  Every week, a cart brought supplies up the valley to provide for this small household.
The small community survived unchanged for many years.  Occasionally, Dr. Wolfe would go away, sometimes for months, and the house closed; but he always returned.  The few who saw him, remarked that he never appeared to be older and yet no one could place his age.  He seemed to be a timeless man.
The bleak outward appearance of the house was deceptive.  The principal rooms were furnished comfortably, tastefully and with obvious expense.  The suites of rooms on the upper floors were equally luxurious, with every modern contrivance available.  Why so many rooms were available for use, and yet remained empty, was a mystery to those who knew of their existence.  Dr. Wolfe ran his estate with methodical and perfectionist zeal.  He maintained the buildings and land to an exceptional standard.
Within the lower floors of the great house there were secrets known only to one.  Many crates and packages filled the storerooms and vaults beneath the main building.  Shelves lined the walls of some rooms.  There were rows of carefully labelled boxes stacked ceiling high.  The labels were written in a strange language and coded with complex numbers.  They concealed all they contained.  The meticulous collector kept the doors to the rooms locked, unless he was present.
Erebos had foundations in the stone of the hills.  Behind the doors of the deepest vault was a wide passageway that led to a wall of solid rock, containing a doorway.  Within the stone arch, the door was made from a material with the appearance of stone and the smoothness of glass.  There was no handle or lock apparent on the exterior surface; the door opened by a hidden mechanism.  Beyond the door lay the workings of an old mine.  The passageways hewn from the rock needed no support.  The old man spent many hours behind that closed door, in the depths of the hill.
A strange new symbol, a Double-Cross in silver on a green background, replaced the coats of arms that had once adorned the outside of the house and gates.  The motto, which encircled the symbol, read ‘Ego Sum Dominus Temporis’.  The same device marked every box and package in the stores.  In the library, a complete shelf full of large leather bound books had the symbol tooled onto the spines and covers.  Every item of furniture and glassware, pottery, tools, cutlery and implement possessed the same identifying mark, either in ostentatious decoration or as a subtle insignia.  The sign of the Double-Cross was all embracing within the walls of the estate.
The morning after the storm, Dr. Wolfe stood on the topmost tower of his great house and looked out across the world.  The rain had washed clean the air and given it the clarity of crystal.  On the horizon the morning sun caught the receding showers beneath the arc of a rainbow.
Dr. Wolfe wore a tattered cloak embroidered with the Double-Cross.  His flowing white hair blew in the morning breeze, but the old face looked troubled.  He seemed to be searching the far horizon for something.  In one hand he held a long staff capped with silver; in the other he held a box.  A long time passed and he did not move but stood silently watching and waiting.  A solitary black speck appeared on the horizon and moved swiftly towards the tower.  The small black bird swept across the skies and grew into a great crow that landed upon the highest roof of the house.  It looked down, with black eyes over a black beak, at the old man.  The bird uttered a single broken croak and dropped something gleaming from its beak before it gathered itself up and flew off, back towards the horizon.  Dr. Wolfe turned to go and walked to the stairway.  Before he went down, he spoke quietly, but in a strong and steady voice.
“The time has come, at last,” as he strided down the stairs.
In the days that followed, the house became a place of great activity.  Servants prepared the guest rooms.  They folded and stowed the dust sheets.  Transports arrived carrying supplies of food and drink.  The small household expanded with the arrival of a dozen new helpers; all appeared to be countrymen to the existing staff.  The staff never talked while they were working.  They remained mute until evening when, down in the hot kitchens, they babbled together in their strange tongue.
It was clear that the house was being prepared for a number of guests, but the old man was not to be seen.  He had made his way through the smooth stone door into the old mines.  Far above the house, on the hillside, acrid smoke rose up from unseen fissures.
When all was ready, the old man stood in the courtyard at first light, and welcomed his guests.  Each one had journeyed separately.  They arrived on foot from the forests and the hills.  All had travelled for a great distance and appeared as dishevelled shepherds, wearing old grey cloaks over tough leather jerkins.  
Dr. Wolfe stood at the gate as the first approached.
“Welcome,” he said with outstretched arm, “it is indeed good to see you after such a long time.  Do come in.  You are the first to arrive.”
“Dr. Wolfe,” replied his guest, firmly shaking his hand, “it has been a long journey and I am pleased to be here at last.”
There were six in all.  Five came at intervals during the day and slipped quietly through the gates.  One arrived by dead of night, as the old man stood waiting by the ancient porch.  He greeted each traveller in the same fashion as neither equal nor yet as their superior, but as one who stood apart, a civil host.  The servants escorted them to their quarters.  But all night a torch blazed by the door and the old man waited patiently for the one who would never come.
Dr. Wolfe and his guests assembled in the dining hall, at midday, for a meal.  It was one week after the rains had begun.  The scene was magnificent.  Pale light filtered in through the stained glass windows and spread coloured patterns across a table set for a banquet.  The servants carried beautifully prepared dishes from the kitchens.  Waiters dressed in a handsome livery of blue and silver served the meal.  The six guests sat opposite each other, three in a row, while the old man occupied the head of the table.  There was an empty place laid at the foot of the table.  The guests no longer wore country clothes but dressed in striking garments.  Each one was different in colour, but all were to the same design.  They appeared very like the uniforms of generals from former generations, with embroidered waistcoats and coloured sashes.  The six had transformed their unkempt hair and unshaven faces to emerge as strong, sophisticated, yet wise men: the Lords of the Double-Cross.  They were an ancient order who usually eschewed excess and finery in favour of research and philosophy.  But occasionally they met in formal guise and pursued the work of the Elders.
The colour of the garments matched the titles of the lords: the Blue Lord of Truth, the Red Lord of Knowledge, the Emerald Lord of Friendship, the Purple Lord of Destiny, the Violet Lord of Faith and the Gold Lord of Freedom.  Dr. Wolfe wore white and he also dressed as a lord: the White Lord of Reason.  There was one other, not with the company: Mythras, the Lord of Mystery who had no colour.  Together, they made the Strength of Eight, the Lords of the Double-Cross.  They came from far and wide across the land, some from across the sea, where they, like Dr. Wolfe, had studied the deeper arts of life and nature.
The meal extended through the afternoon, with much conversation of travels, exploits and distant places.  Although they rarely met together the company seemed at ease and hearty as they withdrew to a parlour close by.  There they indulged in beverages made from herbs and fruits from the mountains enhanced with spices from distant lands.  The usually silent old man, their host, had become animated and lively.  A long time passed in convivial conversation before the old man stood up, glass in hand, and spoke to them all.
“My friends, I have asked you here with a purpose in my mind,” his voice became serious and slow.
“It is the time for us to act.  I fear the white crystal has been found.”
The assembled six attended earnestly as the old man continued.
“We know of one who holds the knowledge and the fact of the white crystal, it is no longer a legend to him.  We are not purveyors of magic or suspicion.  Yet it seems that the science of this thing acts just as a magic.  It is beyond our understanding and so it is a dangerous thing.  The one who has this crystal undoubtedly believes in magic, undoubtedly thinks he is the master of it.  Now, he has tried the magic and succeeded where others have failed.  He thinks he has discovered the secret of this stone!  We cannot leave him to use this power alone,” and his voice rose as he spoke.  “It is too dangerous, for him and for us.  We must bring him here and the white crystal must be safe guarded.  Nobody else may know of this thing or the balance of our world will surely be undone!” he thundered.
The company murmured together uneasily.  The six lords looked towards their silent companion who stood before them, quiet now, in grim contemplation.  The White Lord continued: “We only know who we are and how to live because we have a place in time.  But what of Mythras, for we need his guidance in this mystery?”
The Blue Lord stepped forward and spoke in a deep and measured voice.
“I, too, have news which I bring from the Council of the Elders.  Mythras is dead and the Elders have elected you, if it is your wish, the White Lord, the Lord of Reason, to take his place, to be Mythras the Lord of Mystery, from this day.  I bring with me the token of that office.”
The Blue Lord stood back in line with the others and waited for Dr. Wolfe to speak.
“Such things come but once in a lifetime.  The Elders in their wisdom have chosen wisely.  I accept the office from this moment.  Tell them that Dr. Wolfe returns thanks and I take the token of office into my safe keeping.  Mythras is dead and yet he lives.” 
The Blue Lord handed a small wooden box with the symbol of the Double-Cross inlaid on the lid.  Dr. Wolfe held the box and spoke again to issue the first order of his new authority.
“Now it is I who must take the matter forward.  We must all prepare to journey again.  Go to your rooms and we will meet together in one hour in the chamber of the moon.”
At the appointed time, the seven gathered in a small chamber high in a tower.  It was no ordinary room but painted deep blue with wide windows on seven of the eight walls.  They sat around an old octagonal table and Dr. Wolfe spoke.
“I will tell you now, something of the history behind this thing,” he said, “so you may decide with me on our path into the future.  
“Long ago, the Council of the Elders appointed one as Mythras who was not worthy.  He was a necromancer and very wise, but within, he was rotten with ambition.  This man had become Mythras by virtue of his great knowledge of the mysteries, which were undoubted and also because he claimed to have found a new science, the secret of temporal change.  Simply put, the power over time itself.  The Council of the Elders foresaw that if he could indeed control time, he would also be very powerful and possibly dangerous.  That is why they appointed him to be Mythras, in order that he would be bound by the rule of the Lords of the Double-Cross to always serve them and to preserve the good of our world.  They devised the strength of eight to ensure that others would always be aware of Mythras and his activities.  They had no certainty of whether the mysteries claimed by Mythras were true and the records showed they thought it unlikely to be more than a magician’s trick.
“The Council also saw that the power which Mythras had claimed could be used for good as well as for evil, and should it be true, they desired to have the use of that science for their own ends.  The Council commanded the Lords of the Double-Cross to watch Mythras and to discover if he did possess the secret, as he had insisted.
“Mythras had determined that there was a science to the illusion of temporal change and that a particular material could be manufactured that would create the effect he desired.  In this I think he was correct.  However, although he knew the formula for his magic, he did not possess the substance.  He journeyed through all the known world and tested every material he could find.  He built a laboratory and tried to create the perfect substance from the raw materials around him.  He used cauldrons of molten lava collected from active volcanoes and distilled pure substances from precious stones, but all to no avail.  The science of the world was many centuries behind his thought and his attempts to synthesise the substance were in vain.”
“What exactly do you mean by temporal change?”  asked the Blue Lord.
“We do not know for sure - but the effect was to change the pace of time.  Clocks could be made to work forwards or backwards, or not at all.  This may have seemed a trick at first, but to those who experienced it, the effect proved very real and unbalancing.  With such events, many things become possible.  The seemingly impossible can be attained.” replied Dr. Wolfe.  There was a tremor of excitement in his usually controlled voice.
“Did this man ever succeed in his quest?” asked the Gold Lord.
“I have always believed that he did, although it has never been proven, thus our dilemma.  We only have accounts of a travelling magician, accounts handed down over many generations and, no doubt, much altered and embroidered across the years.  He was a pioneer and many pioneers have perished at the hands of their science.  Indeed, if he did succeed, he may have entered an impossible circumstance and perished.  He necessarily worked alone.  He claimed the material he required was a specialised crystal, a kind of timing master, which could not be synthesised from earthly materials.  But he gave no hint where or how it might be found.  In these days we use quartz crystals to regulate time, so maybe there is a clue in that.
“But he fell from favour.  The Council of the Elders eventually stripped the man of his office.  The records show that the Council felt he could not achieve his claim at that time and he was outcast as a charlatan.  The man went journeying and became a travelling magician, little more than an entertainer.  However, the Council did not trust him and always sent a follower after him, wisely as it turned out.  Many years passed and the travelling magician eventually went to the island named Suidhe, off the coast from the Big City and it was there that he ʻdisappearedʼ.”
“Did he never re-appear?” the Blue Lord questioned.
“The magician never re-appeared in the same guise.  But years later an old and very wealthy man died on the mainland.  Amongst his possessions, which were many and had been gathered from all the known world, and some of the world not then known, was this house.  It was left in his will to the leader of the Council of the Elders.  The will still exists and I have seen it.  The paragraph relating to this house had a note attached which was addressed specifically to the Council and stated, in a very rambling fashion, that the house contained the thing that the Council had looked for all through the years.  In short, it was inferred, the magic crystal was here.”
“If the magic stone was found,” asked the Emerald Lord, “then why do you now believe it has fallen into other hands? Has it been stolen?”
“No.  The white crystal was never found in this house.  It has never been in our possession, but we do believe that it is the thing we thought.  Indeed, according to the will, there was more than one white crystal; there were eight, one for each of us.  For many years I have searched for the white crystals and the knowledge of the power they supposedly possess.  In this I have failed, but I have also tried to find the formula of the material in question.  It seems, however, that the ability to explicate the science contained in the stones died with the old man.  A lifetime of search and research has failed to reveal any method of temporal change.  It is, after all, illogical.  But much that seems illogical can be found in nature.  Until we understand it, it appears as magic.  Our forbears had no understanding of electricity, or lightning or magnetism or the elements of science.  They explained them with myths and imagination.  Whole religions would be devised to explain the circumstances of our world and our place within it.  Such knowledge can be hard to shift and legend can be mistaken for truth.  I prefer the fact of research and the understanding of science.  Through this I know that the magician did not make these crystals, he found them.”
“Where did the magician find the white crystal?” asked the Red Lord.
“That we do not know in certainty,” replied Dr. Wolfe.  “We believe that the crystals were found somewhere on Suidhe, where the magician disappeared.  Indeed, we believe that they are the key to his disappearance.  But, alas, despite our many enquiries and searches on the island we have never found the source, if indeed there is one.  I have looked there myself.  The history of those days has become legend and unreliable.  The clues that might have led us to the place were all lost or destroyed in a great storm.  Then the Great War led to many years of darkness and the Elders were obliged to move their attentions elsewhere.”
“What is it that now makes you sure that a white crystal has been found?” questioned the Gold Lord.
“There is still one man on the island who remembers something of the Elder days and who helps us from time to time,” replied Dr. Wolfe.  “He tells us that there is a boy on the island who has made a discovery recently.  He believes the discovery is the crystal.  If the boy stays on the island we can be sure of controlling this thing.  But it is just a short journey to the Big City.  A teenage boy is vulnerable to many temptations.  We must find the boy quickly and be sure of his safety, for you know that there are others in the world, with ambitions for power, who would wish to find him.”
The Gold Lord looked up.  “What others? ” he asked.
“I inferred before that there are people out there with strong and strange belief.  They are fanatic and claim these things for their own.  They are dangerous and evasive.  They are descended from the original follower sent by the Council.  If the white crystal is found we must determine from whence it came and then protect it for the sake of future generations.  We must protect the boy and keep the others at bay.  The ancient and the modern will play upon the fields of time before we are through with this, unless I am much mistaken.”
So saying, Dr. Wolfe turned to the Gold Lord and gave him some papers tied in a scroll.
“These maps and papers will help you to find the boy from the island.  You must leave by first light and seek him.  Choose one other to accompany you and make your preparations.”
The Gold Lord chose to take the Emerald Lord on the mission.  They both left the room and returned to their chambers for the night. 
“The Violet Lord and the Purple Lord will return to the Council of the Elders and inform them of what has come to pass this day.  You will also inform the Council that we will take action to safeguard the secrets known only to us.  We must protect ourselves and all our people.  There will be danger until the boy is secure.”
Without speaking, the Purple Lord and the Violet Lord turned together and prepared to leave the great house.  Within the hour, the two men had again appeared in the courtyard.  They were dressed in grey brown coats and dark leather hats.  They would pass as common travellers.  They walked through the gates, turned from the path and separated.  They soon vanished in the mists that hung in hazy vaporous curtains across the valleys.
“There is one other duty,” said Dr. Wolfe, “which is perhaps the most dangerous duty to perform.” He turned to the remaining two lords and looked at them, silently, for a moment.
“What is the duty?” asked the Red Lord.
“You must go and find the others of whom we spoke,” replied Dr. Wolfe.  “Those others who would also seek the white crystal.  It will not be easy and we do not wish to alert them.  They are ruthless men.  Look for three.  Two are the paid thugs but the third is the key.  He will be harder to find.  I do not think they will yet know of our concerns but they know about the boy.  They, too, have their informants and they will be sure to be looking for this person.  You must go from here and divert their gaze until we have time to secure the future for us all.  Are you willing to do this?”
“We are ready,” the Lords replied.  “But what of you, Dr. Wolfe?  What of the White Lord? What of Mythras?”
“I will remain here, there are other tasks to perform.  So far, the omens are good and we thank you,” so saying Dr. Wolfe placed his hands on the shoulders of the other men; then he turned and left the room.
The night passed and, before the sun had cast the first shadows of the day, the Red Lord and the Blue Lord left the house.  They slipped silently away, unseen, into the woods, each going his own way towards the future.  They would travel to the place where other powers lived: the Big City.
Before they left, Dr. Wolfe bade them farewell and gave them each a small book of verses.
“Often in our order, words have provided solutions when all else fails.  These lines will be of use to you in times of trouble, they come from the Elder days,” he said.  “Read them when you can.”
The Old Man of the Mountain, Dr. Wolfe, the White Lord of Reason who had become Mythras, Lord of Mystery, stood steeped in thought and silence.  After his companions had left he went into the library and consulted many old books, making notes and drawing diagrams.  He finished his tasks and took refreshment before he walked down to the cellars and approached the stone door.  The door swung open and, from within the dark passages, coolness filtered out.  Dr. Wolfe entered the tunnel and the door closed behind him.  He turned on a string of lights that illuminated a long narrow passageway through the mountain.  The old man strode forward and, after a short distance, the passageway curved sharply to the right and downhill.  The sense of direction was soon lost as the tunnel spiralled further and deeper down.  The coolness of the upper galleries gave way to an acrid, uncomfortable smell that pervaded everywhere below.  The rock walls changed colour from light brown to grey to a metallic deep magenta.  Dr. Wolfe walked on steadily, his footsteps echoing as he descended.  There was another noise; it slowly became louder.  It was a deep muffled pumping sound.  The passage had, by this time, dropped far below the base of the mountain and the spiral tunnel eventually ended at a second door.
The door opened ahead of the old man and he entered a cavern.  A livid red glow leapt out from within.  In this chamber, the deep slow pulse was all pervasive and, coupled to the high hiss of escaping steam, it sounded like a giant, slow steam engine.  Dr. Wolfe moved forward across the sweltering space.  It was the size and shape of a small ship.  The smell of sulphur hung in the air and small clouds of steam issued vaporously from hidden vents.  The cavern was not empty: all about lay irregular masses of globular rock.  To one side there were pipes, presses, chimneys and workbenches gathered around a laboratory.  In places, great rock pillars stretched up to the roof; ledges and platforms jutted out from the walls and at the centre there was a monstrous pit.  It was from this fissure that the red glow emerged and it was to this point that Dr. Wolfe threaded his way.
The centre of the cavern was intensely hot.  Dr. Wolfe reached the edge of the chasm and stood on a high rock, which was carved to look like a giant lectern that overhung the cauldron.  He looked down into the opening.  The glare of molten rock reflected on his white robes.  This was the reason for the house built on the mountain.  This was the forge that the first owner had hoped would yield the magic of temporal change, a heat with the strength to melt rock, to totally destroy and to make anew.  The tumult within the furnace was loud and the molten rock was boiling, leaping up and crashing back through the crusty red surface.
Dr. Wolfe noted that the lava was more active than he had seen it before, too active.  He turned to leave; there could be no experiments that day.  Swiftly, he made his way back across the chamber and through the door.  Just as the door was closing, he heard and felt the blast of an explosion from within the chamber.  He dropped to the floor as the mighty rock door slammed shut behind him.  Beneath his feet he felt a faint tremor in the rock and, for the first time in his life, Dr. Wolfe was scared.  He was a powerful man amongst men, but to the powers contained within the earth, men are insignificant.  The substance of rock and energy, that is the core of the planet, is part of a greater scheme of things: it is a part of the cosmos.  Quickly, Dr. Wolfe returned along the passageway to the house and sealed the great stone door.  Outside he stopped and drew breath.  Even the earth seemed to sense the time for change was at hand.
There were no further tremors that day and Dr. Wolfe contented himself with planning for the future.  The future at that moment seemed uncertain, but the thought of the six wise lords moving towards their allotted places filled his mind with hope.
Dr. Wolfe sat in his library surrounded by the shelves of ancient books.  Two cats, one black, one white, lay curled up on chairs, one at each end of the room.  On the table beside him was a well thumbed volume.  It was a hand written journal.  He opened it to a marked page and read the words again. 
‘A day will come when I, Mythras, will return.  Many signs will portend that day.  Do not look for me.  I will find you all through the white crystal.’
He closed the book and said, “Mythras, the ancient fool!”
He picked up the small wooden box he had received from the Elders of the Double-Cross upon his investiture.  He placed it on the table.  He unlocked the casket with an intricate brass key and lifted the lid.  Inside, there was a miniature scroll, a gold badge and a sealed letter; all inscribed with the Double-Cross.  He took the letter and unfolded the crisp vellum paper.  The letter read:

‘To Dr. Wolfe, the White Lord of the Double-Cross, at Erebos,

Mythras has passed away and it is time to elect a new Lord to this honour.  Into your hands we have placed the key and into your hands we place the trust of the Elders of the Council.  You will henceforth carry the name Mythras, the Lord of Mystery, to all those in our Company.  You shall nominate a new White Lord to join the Double-Cross and complete the Strength of Eight.  You will maintain our secrets at all times and pursue our aims with vigour.  The Council will provide the means to carry out your task.  Once a year, or at our bidding, you will sit with us in Council to undertake the business of the Company.  We welcome you, Mythras - Lord of Mystery.

Signed this 21st Elder Day
The Chief Elder of the Council of Elders of the Company of the Double-Cross.’

Dr. Wolfe poured himself a glass of claret and a thin smile played upon the his lips as he closed the casket.  He allowed himself a small laugh and sat back in satisfaction.  He saw further than others of his company.  All the long years of work and study were at an end.   The inevitable would come to pass:  a future that even now was drawing near.  His time had come and his patience, the years of waiting and watching, had been rewarded.  He picked up a coin from the table and looked at it closely.  The date inscribed on the coin was 1853.
“I will not make the mistakes of my infamous predecessor,” he said aloud.  The cats stirred and eyed their master.  “I, Sicarius Mythras, will achieve my ambition.” He spoke the words quietly, firmly and with a taint of menace.

Chapter Five – The Big City

The clock ticked loudly in my room.  I went to bed but I could not sleep.  I threw the bedclothes off and lay there, staring wide-eyed into the darkness.  I got up and paced about the room.  Often, I went over to the window and looked out across the sea towards the mainland.  I opened the window wider to try and catch a breeze, but the air was still and heavy.  A storm was rising in the distance; rain would soon be coming.  Clouds veiled the far away coast that I so wanted to see.  Three times I went to bed and three times I rose again.  I felt excited.  I had a feeling inside me that I had never experienced before: a half nervous tension, a strange smiling power, deep within, that made me tremble with exhilaration.  I imagined myself walking on the water, over the sea to the mainland.  Time appeared to have stopped that night, as I walked around the small room.  The clock moved so slowly.  My mind was racing and thoughts flashed into my head even as the lightning and a distant rumble filtered through the window.  The curtains fluttered in the breeze that heralded the storm to come.  The tense clouds seemed to infiltrate my feelings and in a flash I decided: ‘I will go’.
I went to the cupboard and pulled out my old duffel bag.  I stopped; what should I take? In a few minutes I had filled it with warm clothes from the drawer and some biscuits from the kitchen.  The first drops of heavy rain sputtered onto the glass as I crept silently back to my room.  I went to bed for the fourth time that night.  The sound of thunder reverberated in my ears but I did not listen.  I felt satisfied and calm and this time I slept.
I awoke at five o’clock in the morning.  The air was clear but everything outside was heavy with the night’s rain.  Excited and scared, I was determined to go through with my plan.  The day was the third of September, a Saturday morning.
‘The boat will be less crowded on a weekend,’ I thought.  Quickly and quietly, I dressed and put all the money I had, not much, into my wallet and collected my things.  Then, I wrote a quick note to my father: “Gone out on an adventure, back before bedtime,” and placed it on the mantelpiece in the dining room, before going quietly back upstairs.  I crept out of the window and jumped to the rocky bank behind the house where I landed silently on the soggy wet moss.  I knew that no one else would be awake to see me.
The early morning outside was cool, fresh and beautiful.  The dawn was rising, and the clouds were rosy over the horizon, as I walked swiftly down the deserted street.  The harbour, too, was still empty and quiet.  It was almost high tide and the full grey sea was rolling slowly along the base of the harbour wall.  A few gulls rode lazily on the waves: a flotilla of grey and white with black marble eyes that watched me as I passed.  The old harbour walls, built from boulders and rough hewn stone, sat squat, heavy and strong.  I did not know what I was going to do but was sure that something would get me to the mainland.  I found a place to hide away in one of the niches and settled down to wait.  I had determined not to hold the white crystal until I needed to board the boat.  I was confident I would succeed.
Fresh banks of clouds slid silently across the dome of the sky and shut out the beautiful delicate pale blue.  A new morning replaced the old: it was grey and damp with a hint of autumn in the air, carried on a cooling breeze.  The peace of the island was all around me as I sat in the stony alcove beneath the harbour wall.  Looking about me, I listened; all was quiet except the slow slosh of the sea and the sound of the wind in my ears.  The excitement and danger that I had felt when I woke up had dissipated and in its place I felt calm, even happy.  I realised, sitting there and determined to leave, that this island was my true home and a good place to live.  I felt the emotion of belonging holding me to the island like a strange magnetism.
An hour passed, during which time the harbour slowly came to life.  Men came to work.  I could hear them, familiar voices, as they prepared the landing stage for the ferry.  Across the waves, the as yet unseen boat was approaching from the mainland.  One of the men saw me sitting by the wall and waved to me.  I was a part of the scenery now and people expected me to be there.  I waved back while the hand in my pocket fingered the pouch holding the precious stone.
I continued my vigil and, in the distance, I caught sight of a solitary figure.  He was standing close by the empty old house that perches on the cliffs high on the hill, above the far side of the harbour.  He stood very still, looking down at the boats and I wondered who he was.  Was he looking at me?
I looked down at the sea and saw the ferry come into view through the harbour entrance.  The rusty black hull ploughed through the water leaving a white foamy wash rippling across the slow murky waves.  Black exhaust stained the air above the short stubby red funnel as the captain manoeuvred his vessel up the channel between the swinging buoys.  The thrubbing of the ferry’s engines grew louder as the small ship rounded the harbour wall and drew up alongside the quay.  The engines revved roughly in reverse and the water surged around the hull.  Men called out and secured the ropes to bollards on the quayside.  Gently, the boat eased in to a rest, the engines stopped and the harbour was quiet again.
Saturday was a rest day and only a trickle of passengers crossed from the ferry to the landing stage.  I counted six men in all.  The dock workers were busy for an hour afterwards, unloading the grey sacks of post and pallets of cargo onto waiting trailers.  When the hold was empty they began to stow the boat with crates of fish, farm produce and other parcels destined for the Big City.
The weather had turned foul and the dark clouds had blanketed the sky into a repressive gloom.  Rain poured down punctuated by the sound of more thunder rolling in across the sea.  A handful of passengers had arrived to board the ferry and they stood sheltering from the teeming rain in a small shelter on the dock.  I recognised them all and took care to remain out of sight.  I waited until the crew raised the boarding sign and the first passengers went through the small wooden ticket office and up the gangway onto the deck.  By now the quayside was almost deserted.  The incessant rain swept in squally pulses across the docks.  The shelter of the alcove was ineffectual and I was soon dripping and cold.
I could not see any crew or passengers looking out from the boat.  If  I was to get on board, I would have to act now.  I slipped the crystal from its leather pouch and into the palm of my hand.  I repeated the same spell as before.
“Ego sum dominus temporis.”  Three times I said it and the same strange, sleepy, drugged feeling came over me.
I picked up my duffel bag and moved out into the gloom of the day.  I could feel my brow prickly and flushed with sweat as I stepped on to the quayside.  I was trembling as I walked towards the ticket office.  Hail and rain poured in torrents.  The sky was a mass of dark boiling cloud.  It was strangely dark, even for a stormy day.
I reached a spot a few yards from the barrier.  I stopped.  I could not move.  The thunder was all around the town.  The final passenger had already boarded ahead of me.  My head felt heavy but looking up I could see several passengers and crew looking out straight at me.  My nerve was shattered.  I was shivering and about to turn and run away.  
Suddenly, there was rending explosion.  The air crackled with white heat as the lightning struck.  The air filled with steam.  I was deaf.  I was blind.  I could feel my whole body vibrate and hum.  I think I may have screamed.  My head pounded.  I was overtaken by a dark panic as all thought left me and I ran and ran straight ahead.  Some vision returned.  I could see again, just shadows, as I rushed towards the vessel.  Distant muffled sound echoed in my ears.  Someone on deck was shouting.  People in the saloon were crowded round the windows looking out to where I had been standing just seconds before.  I ran straight past the ticket office just as two officers from the ship crashed down the gangway and out to the quay.  I did not stop.  I ran on and up until I was out on deck, hoarse and shivering with shock.  The rain streamed down my face and filled my eyes.  I was alone.  My shaking hands could barely grip the deck rail as I turned and looked back to the quayside.
The two shipʼs officers were bending over something on the quay and others were running across from the town.  It looked like a body lying on the ground.  For a long time nothing happened.  Then some of the men stood away and were earnestly talking as I stared out through the gloom.  The two officers returned slowly towards the ferry as more people came from the town.  Another flash of lightning drew my eyes to the hills where the sharp silhouette of a figure stood in the storm.  I shrank back under a gangway on deck where there was shelter amongst ropes and canvas.  Suddenly, I felt impossibly tired.  I sat down on an old tarpaulin and closed my eyes.
When I first opened my eyes, I panicked.  I was nowhere.  Everything was white.  Perhaps I was dead.  No, this was the boat, the ferry.  This was where I had sat down.  It was all right.  I was stiff and cold but crawled out of my hiding place.  Clouds encircled the boat and everything seemed close and vague in the fog.  It was a wet, murky dream world where reality had disappeared.  I felt completely alone and the only sounds were the muffled grumble of the engines and the screeching of the gulls.  The visibility had reduced to a few feet and a strange white light enveloped everything.  The fog curtailed my senses and I began to wonder if I had boarded a ghost ship.  But the only ghost on board was me.  My head hurt terribly and I felt nauseous.  All I could do was to press myself back into my hiding place and sit there shivering.  Every few minutes I caught myself muttering ‘Ego sum dominus temporis.’
The all embracing clouds clung with a clammy tenacity.  All my senses were afloat.  All references had gone.  The eerie echoing of unseen gulls followed the boat like aerial spirits crying in the wind.  I could not tell if my hearing was right or wrong.  Time seemed to telescope out in the white world.  For a terrible moment, I thought I was back on the quay.  I reflected on the events of just an hour before.  ‘Was I really here?  What had the white crystal done back there?   Who was the body on the quay?  Was it…?’  For a moment, I panicked.  But my head was clearing and the white light getting brighter all around.  ‘What did it matter?  Here I was, on the ferry to the Big City.’
Change came suddenly: the fog bank billowed away behind the ferry and we emerged into bright sunshine.  The contrast was unnerving.  The blinds lifted from my eyes and my ears were no longer deaf.  The monochrome world burst into brilliant life.  Clear space filled my mind, colour soaked into my eyes: the sky was sapphire blue; the sea was aquamarine.  The sun was already warming my face.  In the space of a minute the whole world had changed completely.  My aching head had cleared miraculously into fresh new confidence.
The bright morning light made me squint and blink.  I looked around across the sparkling waves to a place I had never really seen before.  The ferry was less than a mile from the Big City harbour.  The buildings towered on the skyline.  Glass walls reflected the sky in a dazzling display of jet and emerald.  Peak upon peak of mountainous sky scrapers ranged back into the heart of the city.  Closer, the harbour was alive with vessels arriving and leaving.  Derricks and cranes lined the docksides.  Ships of massive bulk wallowed in the wharves waiting for the cranes to disgorge their treasured cargoes.  Pleasure boats and yachts skimmed across the waters, criss-crossing the harbour to the marina where forests of masts, with rigging slapping, lay tangled against the morning sky.
Two dolphins arced and dove alongside the ferry.  Their sleek bodies dazzled me with their brilliant display and playful mastery of the sea.  I thought that the world, too, seemed to wear a fresh, happy smile at that moment of new pleasure.  The bold, bright buildings grew in magnificence and stature as the ferry closed in to the terminus.  Cars and trucks on the freeways gleamed, as they processed in a ceaseless multitude, across the six lane deck of a suspension bridge.  It rose and curved across the harbour entrance in a single perfect majestic span imitating the dolphins that raced below.  Far off, I could see the smoky stacks of the factories and the distant glint of metalwork strung with a webbing of silver pipes.  Chimneys, like great twisted candles, spouted yellow, red and white smoke into the sky.  Below, giant cylindrical tanks sprawled down to the sea.  I knew from my talks with Frank that this edifice was the Great Bay oil refinery.
I watched all these things and more with a sense of awe and wonder as the ferry came in to dock.  It was like stepping forward in time.  I realised that Suidhe was not only old but also old fashioned.  The island had formed in a different era of history and the ferry was like a time machine to the future over the sea.  The closer the boat came to the shore, the less of the overall picture I could see and the clearer the detail became.  Like a huge jigsaw, hundreds of pieces formed every part.  The hum of the city came across the water like the sound of a hive.  Engine oil and sulphur smarted my sense of smell.  The sound of engines thrummed in my ears and the gleam of steel glared at my eyes.  All these things tantalised my senses with new delights.  Even the fresh warmth of the sun appeared to increase to a close dry heat as we came near to the city.
The glistening green and black glass terminal building lay in welcome, like a vast iridescent beetle.  The passengers came out onto the deck of the ferry and stood in a small group around the gangway, some chatting together, others quietly watching.  No one had noticed me silently waiting in my place in the stern.  It was as if I wasn’t there.  The boat docked smoothly and calmly with a precision born of confidence and regularity.  The gangway dropped down and engaged with the terminus walkway as the ferry engines slowed to an idle.  I watched the passengers walk casually down into the gaping hall of the building and away.  They seemed to just disappear into the vastness of the place.  No-one was watching the ferry or seemed the least interested in me.  I got up.  This time I felt steady and clear headed.  I walked round the deck, down the gangway and across the walkway into the building.  I didn’t look to either side as I went.  Strangely, I did not feel nervous.  I was sure I would be fine.  The shining stone floor seemed doubly solid and still after the gently rolling deck of the ferry.  There were no ticket collectors at the empty booths and I walked on through.  I had arrived; I was in the Big City.
I walked to the centre of the great hall where I stood and gazed about me.  I looked up and around and across.  The place was unlike anything I had seen before.  Kiosks and benches lined the walls and lights reflected on the marble floors.  Nothing appeared to support the glinting glass of the roof; it was magic.  Some pigeons fluttered through the artificial sky above while others ambled lamely on the smooth ground, pecking and picking at any small item, be it food or not.  This place was a universe to them.  Nameless music echoed and reverberated, occasionally punctuated by an unintelligible announcement spoken by a robotic female voice.  The voice, which emanated from nowhere, spoke to no one; the people ignored it.  Arrays of giant lights spread artificial daylight through the thin air inside despite the sun that blazed through the blue sky above.  The building appeared contrived and artificial, and yet it was magnificent; the place was like a modern palace.
I did not notice the other people at first, but here and there, around the kiosks and within waiting rooms, sat men and women, boys and girls.  They seemed insignificant in the vast hall.  I knew that ships went from here up and down the coast and across the ocean.  But traffic on a Saturday was light and it was still early.  Many of the people were as silent as statues and they were all doing almost nothing.  Some read newspapers, hiding behind the broadsheets; some looked at the ground, seemingly deep in thought; some stared out vacantly from glazed eyes; but they all waited, passing time.  A cleaner walked lazily past, pushing a giant broom, meandering across the floor, whistling as he went.  Two old men, very scruffily dressed, shuffled across to a rubbish bin where they rummaged through the detritus inside.  They walked on, disappointed, and mumbled incoherently to each other.  A rolled up coat lying black, formless and ragged, by a bench, contained a man, asleep.
‘Were these the Big City people, so silent, grey and inanimate?’ I thought.  They had grim mouths and empty eyes.  I watched them yawning and waiting as the numbers on the clock clicked on, interminably.
My heart cheered when I saw a large, smiling woman, dressed in an apron and cap.  She was leaning across a clean metal counter in a kiosk and talked, with flamboyant gestures, to an old grey man who was sitting on a stool drinking tea.
“It’ll lead to no good, you see if I’m right,” she was saying, as the man appeared to ignore her.  The cleaner walked up and interrupted her harangue.
“Ivy, give us a tea, luv,” and he sat on another stool and rested his elbows on the bar top.  I realised again, that I was hungry and walked towards the kiosk to see what snack I could buy.  I would save the rest of my biscuits until later.
Before I reached the place, I remembered the crystal.  It had been in my hand all this time.  Even as the thought arose in my mind, a voice close behind called out:
“Oi! You,” and I turned involuntarily.  “Yea, you.  Come ’ere.”
I stood staring at two young men with black jackets, black shiny hair, black glasses and blue jeans.  They were almost carbon copies but for their difference in size, which was comical.  The lean tall one had spoken to me.  All thoughts of magic instantly left me as I slipped the crystal out of my hand and into the leather pouch.  I remembered Old Eric had told me that the magic was not for the Mainland.  But here and now, Old Eric seemed from a different world.
“He must have known,” I thought.
The two sinister young men were leaning on a steel railing beside an escalator that flowed up and out of sight.  The short fat one chewed and grinned as the other man beckoned me across.  I did not like the look of either of them, but I walked over anyway. The fat man spat the gum out of his mouth and then he asked me:
“Where you come from?” Before I could answer, the fat man started to walk, signalling for me to follow.  I obediently followed him while the other man walked on behind.
“Suidhe, the island,” I replied and the fat one laughed with a vicious scathing cackle.
The men kept walking.  I felt an almost imperceptible movement beside me, just as the fat one pointed to something up towards the roof and said:
“Look up there!” He stopped and looked.  I followed his pointing finger and someone patted me on the back.
Ivy, in her kiosk, looked up at the three of us and shouted:
“Hey you, leave him, he’s just a kid.”
I heard a slight noise behind and turned to look, but the thin man had gone and when I turned back the other way, the fat man was just disappearing up the escalator at the side of the hall.
I went over to the kiosk.  Ivy and the cleaner looked at me sadly.
“You wanna keep away from the likes of them, dear,” said Ivy.  “They’ll clean you out in no time.”
“What do you mean?” I asked but they just looked at each other and shook their heads.
I asked for a cup of tea and a biscuit but when I felt in my pocket for my wallet - it had gone.  I turned red with embarrassment and anger at having been so easily duped so early in the day.  No one had ever told me about thieves, we didn’t have any on the island.
“Here you are.  Have the tea and cake on me and welcome,” Ivy said.  “But take my advice and go home before something serious happens.”
I couldn’t imagine what could be more serious, but I thanked her, drank the tea and left.  I checked my pocket - the crystal was still there in the leather pouch and I sighed in relief.  Although I had not found a very promising start to my adventure, I decided that it was time to see the city.  I had Frank’s new address on a piece of paper and I intended to make my way to that destination.  I would only be in the city for one day, I would catch the evening ferry home again, and I could survive until then without the little money I had brought.  The two thieves would be disappointed when they counted their haul.
I found my way to the exit and strode out through the automatic glass doors onto the pavement of a busy road alongside a huge car park.  The weather was changing and the sun was now invisible behind mounting grey clouds, but the day was still fair.  Parked taxis and cars lined the roadway.  I could see a bus station across the way, where large yellow buses parked neatly beside the shelters.  Each bus had a different number and name on its destination board.  The noise and smell of all these vehicles engulfed me.  I felt that I had walked into some monstrous mechanical farmyard.  The place was squalid, and empty cans, cigarette ends and squashed packaging lay abandoned on the grimy pavements.
Despite the constant arrival and departure of so many vehicles, it struck me that few people seemed to be going anywhere or doing anything in particular.  Everybody outside waited, as they had within.  The pavements beyond the terminus seemed deserted.  Nobody walked in the Big City; everyone went by car, by taxi, or by bus.  I would have taken a bus to the city centre but without money I had no choice but to walk.  I started walking along the road past the bus station and towards the centre of the city.  The road, built along the top of an old stone causeway, was wide enough for two lanes of vehicles in each direction.  There was a fuming snake of traffic crawling along towards the distant junction at the freeway.
I walked past the cars and buses and lorries, looking at each one in turn, taking it all in.  I had never seen so many vehicles in one place, even in pictures.  The engines rattled and whined while brakes hissed and squeaked.  Every few minutes, the whole parade of vehicles would surge forward, engines revving, opening up like some giant concertina, and then collapse down, squealing and hissing to a tight stop.  The drivers of these vehicles leaned out of their windows or clutched at their wheels, or stared into their mirrors, or talked to themselves.  They were oblivious to the world outside, except for the vehicle in front.  Occasionally, an irate horn would blare or someone would shout, although there seemed to be no reason for it.
The freeway at the junction was very different.  It was wider than the terminus road and the traffic never stopped but raced past, unceasingly, at such a pace that I could barely distinguish the vehicles one from another.  Three lanes of traffic flowed by each way in a rattling, roaring stampede.
The pavement stopped abruptly at the junction; there was nowhere to go.  I stood in front of the snarling morass of traffic and blinked stupidly in the glaring light, as I wondered what to do next.  I knew that the city centre lay beyond me; in the direction I had first started to walk.  I could see the shining towers on the horizon, but there was an impenetrable wall of moving vehicles barring my way.
A deep ditch and a wild terrain of empty marshland lay on either side of the road.  Bricks and rubble erupted through the green slimy water and muddy puddles.  An occasional half-dead bush or reed-covered patch grew stubbornly up through the desolation.  It was an uninviting place, a wilderness that spread into the distance.  The green soupy water smelled of decay and the surface buzzed angrily with hordes of insects.  Gas bubbles glooped to the surface and dragonflies dipped and danced in the air.  I looked again at the frantic freeway and turned away.  It seemed there was no alternative but to walk back the way I had come.  I retraced my steps and, to my surprise, I saw a man in a grey coat and a wide brimmed hat standing on the path and looking out across the wasteland.  I hurried past the dark figure without looking up.
A few minutes later, I stood outside the ferry terminus again.  I looked back to the road and saw two cars stop and the waiting man get into the first, before they both sped off towards the city.  As I watched two other men walked out along the same road to the place where the man had stood before looking back towards me.  They wore smart grey business suits.  One had a red tie and one blue.  I looked around for a different way to go.  There was one other road that slipped quietly away towards the docks.  It had no cars travelling on it, but a train-like parade of parked lorries lined one side.  I followed this road, which had no footpath, to the corner of the terminus building.  It turned first one way and then the other, zig-zagging between large, formless warehouses.  The main road had numerous spurs that led to further warehouses and yards.  Occasionally, a lorry would thunder past, vibrating the ground with its weight as it sped by.  I could not see far in any direction because of the towering warehouses all around but I was able to make steady progress along the road.  The dusty tarmac was shady and quiet, and my footfall echoed from the featureless walls.  Although there didn’t appear to be any signs or clues to direction, I guessed that I was making my way by a circuitous route toward the city centre.  I stopped suddenly to tie my shoe lace and above the distant hum of traffic I could hear the sound of steps behind me stopping too.  I looked but could see no-one.
Distance in the Big City is a thing of illusion.  A distance that appears to be short when seen from the start becomes progressively longer as you make your way.  So it was in the docklands, where I was walking.  Until you try walking in the Big City, you are not aware how very big it all is.  The scale of things is quite wrong for mere humans.  It is a land for giants, mechanical giants.  I was aware that my available time was passing quickly and I didn’t seem to be getting any closer to my destination.  I cursed the thieves who had stolen my money and I began to despair of ever seeing the city centre.  I thought of asking someone for help, but there was no one to ask: the place was deserted except for the footpad still following.  I had a wary feeling growing inside.
I went around one more right-angled bend and I finally came across something different.  I felt cheered by the sight.  Before me was a ship.  It was the largest thing I had ever seen.  Even from a distance, it was impressive - a vast black bulk that filled the quayside.  I approached the monster open-mouthed, until I stood only twenty feet away.  The deck was as high as the roof of a warehouse building.  The bridge, at the rear of the vessel, rose up as high again.  Above it all was a massive red funnel.  Hawsers as thick as a man’s body spiralled down to the quayside close by where I stood.  I turned towards the city and saw a solitary man in a grey coat leaning against a gantry in the distance.  His face was hidden in the shadows cast by the broad brim of his hat.  He appeared to be looking out to sea.  Who was this man?  I decided to speak to him, to satisfy my curiosity.
The tall, bird-like cranes, that travelled on rails the length of the docks, were unloading some of the other ships.  I walked on, past other vessels, and a slow moving train overtook me, hooting as it approached.  Two dirty industrial engines were pulling perhaps a hundred wagons that rumbled and clanked and clattered their way towards the end of the quay.  The grey man was very close, on the other side of the railway and I waited for the train to pass.  The last wagon rolled away and I crossed the lines to where the man had been, but the place was empty: no one was visible.  All the while, above me, the eternal spying eyes of the gulls wheeled through the air.
A uniform grey mass of cloud now covered the sky in every direction and a small cool breeze was stirring and ruffling the tops of the murky green waves in the bay.  The rain drifted across in a drizzled mist blowing on the wind.  Heavier drops followed and the steady patter soon turned the dusty road into a gleaming black lake.  I put up my hood and huddled along faster.  As I walked, I looked out for a place under cover where I could stop and let the shower pass.
I splashed my way down a side road, to the relative shelter of an open warehouse loading bay, and I sat down on a deserted concrete plinth.  I took out my food and munched my way thoughtfully through some biscuits.  I carefully preserved some for later.  To my great disappointment, the sky darkened still further and the rain hailed down with gusto.  To avoid a soaking, I stood up and backed into the shadows of the loading bay.
The rain descended like a curtain across the entrance way.  I stopped and watched it, listening to the drumming rattle on the iron roof.  In that noisy darkness I heard another sound: a whistle.  Suddenly, on the periphery of vision, shadows emerged from the gloom on either side.  I tensed and froze.  Seconds later, six youths surrounded me.  They remained silent and watching.  One of them stepped forward, a tall lad with long unkempt hair.  I noticed he wore worn out brown leather boots, and a faded sleeveless denim jacket.  His turned up trousers were too short and thin with age.  The lad had strong, tattooed arms and small podgy hands.  One hand had only three fingers with which he stabbed the air in front of me.
“What’s your name?” he asked.
His voice was rough and worn, like his clothes.  He sounded much older than he looked.
“Harry,” I replied.  “What’s yours?”
This question obviously surprised him and he opened his mouth to speak but changed his mind.  Suddenly he laughed, a loud rattling nervous laugh.
“Tuffy,”
“Muffy,”
“Puffy,”
“Huffy,”
“Duffy”
“And Crystal,” said Tuffy, Muffy, Puffy, Huffy, Duffy and Crystal in quick rotation.  I span around as they answered.
I looked at Tuffy again.  In the dizzy half-light he looked familiar, but how could he be?  He was clearly the leader, a confident, commanding person with a glint in his eye.
“Don’t you know who we are?” asked Tuffy.
“No,” I replied.  “I’m lost.”
“Everybody knows who we are,” sneered Muffy.
“We’ve been watching you,” said Huffy.
“And so have the others,” said Crystal.
I suddenly realised that Crystal was a girl.  Crystal smiled.  The storm still raged outside.  Tuffy shouted,
“Tell him who we are, boys.”
They all chanted together, stomping their feet in time and drowning out the sound of the storm:
‘We’re rough and we’re tough,
You don’t fool with us
If you ain’t big enough
‘Cause we’re the boys on the block
We run and we rock
Everyone knows our name...
The Big City Gang!’

They pushed me backwards and forwards from one to the other as they sang out the chant, propelling me around the circle until I was quite dizzy and exhausted.  When they had finished, they stood around me, grinning and I sank down involuntarily to the ground, shaking but still only half-scared of these fearsome youths.
“Silence,” hissed Tuffy.  He edged his way to the opening and looked out.  Looking at me, he waved me over.
“Look out there, Harry,” he whispered, “Do you know those two?”
Two grey suited men were in the distance walking slowly down the dock and looking in each open doorway as they came.  One had a red tie and one blue.
“No,” I replied.  “But I saw them looking around by the ferry terminal.”
We stepped back in to the dark.
“Time to go.  Out the back way.  Take him to the Star Chamber,” ordered Tuffy.
I found myself being dragged up and away in an instant.  They jostled me along at a running pace between them down long, wet, deserted alleys amidst the buildings.  Twisting and turning, I lost all sense of direction.  Tuffy, in the lead, disappeared through an unseen doorway and we all followed into a dark passageway and down long flights of steps.  Our footsteps echoed but there was no other sound.  The passageway went down a long lightless slope and ended at a heavy door.  The door opened smoothly and the company entered a chamber.  Behind us the door clanged shut with a sound like a deep metallic gong.  All about, it was pitch black and I could see nothing.  Suddenly, in the silence, there was a ping and a brilliant light illuminated the strangest of places.  I blinked in the harsh brightness and looked around.  The Big City Gang still surrounded me, but they seemed relaxed.  We had clearly arrived in the Star Chamber.
The room was a large, circular brick-lined chamber with a high domed roof.  There were six doors around the circumference of the chamber, all identical and all shut, through one of which we had entered, but I didn’t know which one.  There was a large old wooden table and a number of chairs, no two of which were alike, standing on a threadbare circular rug.  A stately chandelier, which would not have been out of place in a palace, was hanging down in the centre of the room.  It had been fixed to an old hook with a rusty iron chain.  The light from this device sparkled out and rebounded from the equally dramatic ceiling.  An ornate and brightly painted scene of clouds and cherubs with, at their centre, a magnificent chasm surrounded by trumpeting angels covered the dome.  The whole effect was both dramatic and unnerving.  Tuffy and the gang had already seated themselves and waved me to a seat amongst them.  I looked around at my companions and, in the luxurious light, was able to see them for the first time.  They were as different as the chairs they occupied.
Tuffy, the tall, arrogant leader exuded calm control.  His street-wise dress seemed faded in the magnificent chamber as he sat like a king amongst his knights.  He filled elegant cut glass goblets with wine from an earthenware decanter and handed them around.  I, too, received a glass.
Muffy sat at the right hand of the leader.  He maintained a constant sneer on his otherwise indistinct face.  His clothes mimicked those of Tuffy, but failed through ill fit and Muffy’s physical demeanour, to succeed in exerting anything but a comical expression of ineptitude.  Muffy had none of Tuffy’s lean, gaunt, sharp style; he was more of a comfortable, fireside physique: a little overweight, a little short in stature, a little grey in pallor - an ordinary youth.
Puffy occupied the chair on the other side of Tuffy.  Puffy was huge in girth and perched, rather than sat, on the chair; he was too wide to fit in it.  His not inconsiderable height seemed diminished by his weight.  He had a schoolboy face adorned by a pair of broken horn-rimmed spectacles.  He looked like a giant baby, pink and fat, and he was constantly wiping drops of perspiration away from his forehead.  His completely bald head, which he often covered with a massive white Stetson hat, dominated his whole appearance.  He had put the hat down beside him on the table.
The next chair contained Huffy, whose purpose seemed to be to exaggerate the size of his companion.  Huffy was tiny, like a jockey.  He stood about five feet tall and was a bony sallow youth.  His clothes were several sizes too large.  He wore a black suit and tie and had the pallid appearance of an undertaker’s assistant.  He sat hunched over his glass, holding the stem with both hands curled around it like claws.  His scrawny neck emerged turtle-like from the shiny jacket while his badly broken nose gave his face a beak-like quality.  This vulturish creature scowled across the table at me without blinking, whilst constantly muttering oaths.
Duffy sat opposite the leader.  He dressed like a farm boy with check shirt and jeans.  His arms and legs seemed out of all proportion to the body and reached awkwardly out from his clothes.  The small eyes and large mouth seemed permanently surprised.  He sat with his hands in his pockets and chewed gum whilst pushing back the chair onto its spindly hind legs with his own large limbs splayed out in front.  I noticed that he spoke to no one but frequently laughed, making a sound like a braying donkey.
The last chair was a bar stool and on it perched Crystal.  She seemed quite out of place in the company, yet she also seemed to occupy some special position.  The first impression was not of a girl at all.  She wore a black leather jacket and loose jeans.  She sat, legs apart and elbows on the table, toying with a small length of knotted rope.  Her dishevelled red hair hung in limp strands across her face.  On closer inspection, it was possible to view beneath those tawny shadows and see the clear grey eyes and smooth creamy freckled skin of a distinctive girl’s face.
When everyone had received their wine, the company stood up and raised their goblets.  Tuffy sang out:
“To the Big City Gang,” and the reply came from all the others,
“The Big City Gang.”
The shout echoed from the domed roof and rang around the chamber like a bell sounding.  Everyone sat down except the leader, who looked at me with a gleam in his eye.
“Welcome to the Star Chamber, Harry!” he shouted and everyone laughed.
I looked up sheepishly but could not reply.  It was all stranger than fiction to me.
Crystal leaned over, nudged me and whispered,
“It’s all right, Harry, drink up.  They won’t hurt you, you’re precious.”
The assembly settled down to chatter and hubbub, while Huffy stared at me continuously and scowled.


Chapter Six - The Star Chamber

The party in the Star Chamber continued for some time and I felt worried.  What was I doing there?  Why was I ‘precious’?  The strange group of people around me seemed animated, happy and relaxed, excepting Huffy, who never spoke to any one and who followed every move I made.  I only spoke when spoken to, mainly by Crystal, who seemed concerned to look after me.  Some of the party went out of the chamber for a while and returned with a trolley laden with food.  That such an ill-kempt group appeared to be so organised, surprised me.  Were there others behind the scenes?
We all ate well and the food was good.  I asked where it came from and Muffy laughed and said it had been ‘given’ to them.  More drinks came after the meal.  I felt tired and worried when Tuffy came up to me and said, 
“Harry, let’s you and me go into the other room for a minute.”
I followed him through one of the doors and into a vaulted corridor that had a number of other passages leading from it.  Tuffy unlocked a steel door and beckoned me in.  The room was small and sparsely furnished with two chairs, a table and a rusty filing cabinet.  There was no natural light but a metal lamp hung from the cement ceiling.
“Take a seat, Harry,” said Tuffy and he stood opposite me at the table.
Looking down, Tuffy spoke,
“They want you, Harry.”
He raised his eyes to me,
“Tell me why,” he said and he looked at me with a penetrating stare.
I hesitated,
“Who wants me?” I replied.
“C’mon Harry, don’t fool with me.”
I looked back blankly.  Tuffy whistled between his teeth.
“You saw him Harry, the man in the grey coat,” started Tuffy.  “Some people call him the Follower.”
Suddenly I looked up.
“So, you know what I’m talking about, Harry?”
“Yes,” I said.  “No, I mean, I don’t know.”
“What do you mean?  Then there’s those other two.  We’ve never seen them before, but they were looking for something too and my guess is that ʻsomething’ is you.”
“But why me?  I’m only here to visit the Big City,” I replied.  “I have to be back tonight.  I don’t understand what’s happening.”
“Harry, what have you got that they want?”
“I don’t know,” I lied.
Tuffy looked at me and methodically tapped a pencil on the table.  Then he said,
“Okay, Harry, we’ll show you the Big City...  tonight,” and he stood up and motioned me to follow him.
We returned to the Star Chamber and I saw that the food and drink had gone.  The gang stood together awaiting our arrival.  They turned and looked as we entered.
“Harry wants to see the Big City, boys,” said Tuffy.  “Let’s do the centre of town tonight.”
This announcement resulted in a cheer from the company and they immediately began to head for the doors and disperse.
“Crystal,” said Tuffy, “you take Harry, but remember, he’s precious,” and he laughed.  
Crystal turned and looked at me.
“Come on, Harry,” she called and I followed her out of the door into the dark passage beyond.
“Where are we?” I asked.  “What is this place?”
“This is our place,” she replied.  “It’s an old underground hospital built during the Great War.  We have ‘borrowed’ it.  There’s a whole network of tunnels down here, some of them go for miles.”
“But where do you live?”
“We live here,” she waved her hands around and laughed.  “Apart from the rats, it’s all right.”
“Are there any others?” I asked.
“You ask too much, Harry,” she replied.  “Follow me and I’ll show you something really good.”
Crystal began to jog down the corridor ahead.  Fleetingly, I thought of escape but I was hopelessly lost and besides, there was something about Crystal I liked.  Just thinking of her made my cheeks burn; I followed.  We ran down the twisting, badly lit passages, past doors and chambers, until we reached a large, heavy door, hung on massive hinges and circular in shape, like the entrance to a bank vault.  We spun the clamps that held it closed and swung it open.  The door was about a foot thick and solid.  The weight was so great that we could only move it slowly.  I could feel a breeze blowing through the gap as the door opened and the sound of water emerged from the darkness beyond.  It reminded me of the cave on Sgurr-Cavan.
“Careful inside, it’s slippery,” she called above the sound of the falling water.  “Go to the railing.”
I went forward gingerly in the dark and found a smooth, cold, wet railing that I gripped.  I stood hesitantly while Crystal found a light switch.  The dim light revealed an underground river that disappeared into the distance.  It flowed through a brick-lined tunnel and the water tumbled over a weir below my feet into a hidden cavern.  The air was heavy with moisture and the walls were green with mossy looking growths and algae.  There was a small landing stage to one side, and a large wooden canoe, complete with paddles, tied up to a railing.
“Get in,” shouted Crystal.  “We’ll go for a ride.”
We boarded the small craft and started to journey up the river.  At first, it was hard work paddling against the current but we made steady progress.  The sound of the weir receded and a watery silence ensued, broken only by the constant dripping from the roof and the occasional splash of rats darting for safety as we approached.
We didn’t paddle quickly, but set a leisurely pace.  I looked ahead at the back of my companion and beyond.  In the quiet of the place I felt a new peace and trust.  I began to talk to Crystal.
“Crystal,” I asked, “am I a prisoner?”
“No,” she replied, “we have just borrowed you for a bit.”
“What is all this about?” I asked.
“I don’t know why, but they’re after you.  We found out, so we got you first.  You’re better off with us.”
“But I need to go home tonight, there’s only one ferry.  If I’m not home I’ll be missed.”
“Don’t worry Harry,” she said, “but you must trust me or I can’t help you.”
“I don’t see how I can, I don’t even know you,” I replied.
“Harry, you don’t have to know people to trust them...  Now, you’ll see the city with us, tonight, and then we can worry about getting you home,” she laughed.
The lights in the tunnel blinked twice and Crystal stopped paddling.
“Time to turn around,” she said.  “We have to go back.”
Awkwardly, I turned to face forward, followed by Crystal, who slipped around with practiced ease and grace.
The journey back through the tunnel was easy and we drifted along with the current.
“Harry,” said Crystal quietly, “this is my secret river.”
“How do you mean?” I asked.
“No-one else knows about this.  The others don’t know, only us.”
“Why?” I began.
“I searched all over the docks for this river,” said Crystal.  “You see, this is my river and it was lost.  Then an old lady told me where to look and I found it.”
“You’re not like the others,” I said.  “Why have you shown me this?”
“Because I love it, it’s home from home.  I live a long way away from here, near the Snowy Mountains, where this river just begins.  My father has a farm but they built a dam and now there isn’t enough water and the farm is dying.  So my father sent me away to the Big City and I stayed with an aunt but she left me on my own.  I wanted to find the river and the Big City Gang showed me their underground Star Chamber.  I thought the river must be near.  Every day, I searched the passages until I found it, but I never told the others, they wouldn’t understand.  They’re not bad people: they’re city people, but they don’t fit in and they live down here like rats.  They’d be lost in the country.”
“How do they survive?” I asked.
“They borrow things from the city: food, clothes, not much really.  People say they are criminals and dangerous, but they only take stuff that isn’t really needed,” replied Crystal.
“But why did they want me, why am I so precious?” I asked.
“There are others, other gangs, not so nice.  But there’s a kind of network and messages get passed.  Tuffy knows everyone; he’s been around.  He heard that some big people wanted to get hold of you, so he figured you must have something valuable.  But now he’s got you, I think he can’t quite decide what to do with you.  If you’ve got something valuable I should lose it fast.  But don’t try running away or the others will catch you for sure, and that wouldn’t be good.  You’re lucky, we found you first.  Now everyone else will be going mad looking for you.  Stick with us and you’ll be safe.”
“But I don’t want to stick with you,” I replied.  “I can’t.  I’ve got to go home today.”
“Don’t worry,” whispered Crystal quietly.  “I have a way.  Stay by me tonight when we go out and maybe we can both get home.”
There was silence for a moment and then Crystal began to sing.  Her voice filled the dark space with a slow, haunting, liquid clear and beautiful sound.  The words of her song hovered dreamily on the air.  The magic of that journey changed my life.

“Waters run in silent dark...
Deeper blackness falls;
Time has lost her destiny
While invisible she calls.

Freedom flows towards the sea
Forever moving down;
The mountains far still call to me
From their icy crown.

The tongues of liquid moving thought
Like flames they flicker through
The tunnels where the meaning’s sought
To question which is true.

I listen filled with hope and fear,
I pass into the night;
The morning brings the answer clear
With the dawning of new light.”

The Star Chamber was empty when we returned, but one by one the gang entered through the various doors that surrounded it.  Tuffy waited until all were present and then he set off at a trot while the rest of us followed.  I was in the middle of the group and Huffy ran close behind me.
The journey to the surface was brisk and uneventful.  The gang moved quickly but did not speak.  They ran to a collective rhythm and they moved like a machine.  Even Puffy, the fat one, seemed to propel himself along without effort.
The gang did not all go out onto the street together but slipped out, one by one, at intervals, through several different exits.  Huffy suddenly took my shoulder and guided me firmly into a side passage.
“Wait,” he whispered.
I waited silently while he went ahead and opened a door onto a side street.  The light poured in from outside and he slipped out.  A few seconds later he returned and said,
“Follow.”
We stepped together onto the street and I blinked in the afternoon light.
Time in the underground world of the Star Chamber had no reference and without the light and heat of the sun it was easy to forget that the rest of the world existed.  Outside, it was a quiet, lazy Saturday afternoon in the city.  The rain had cleared away and a warm sun shone brightly down.  Without the gang around us, we were just a couple of lads out and about.  On the street, we walked normally and, after a while, Huffy started to talk to me in short disjointed sentences.
“You come from that island,” he said.  “Never been there, never want to neither...
“One day I’m going to be leader, you just see...
“A ship went down over there last year, still down, too...
“This all flooded once, long time ago...
“Biggest port on the coast, this...”
And so Huffy went on in his mechanical drone of a voice and we walked on towards the city centre.
We changed direction often to avoid detection and ‘grey followers’.  I still felt lost but occasional glimpses between the buildings confirmed that we were getting closer to the city centre.
The walk into town took a long time.  It was much further than I had realised.  The appearance of the surrounding buildings changed as we moved on.  The warehouse district gave way to the factory district and the factory district gave way to the shopping district.  We had encountered hardly any other people all the while we had been walking, but in the shopping district, we found another world.  I had never seen so many people or so many shops.  There were great car parks on the edge occupied by rows and rows of shiny cars.  The whole thing resembled a layer from a beehive with cars buzzing in and out and manoeuvring in constant motion.  Beyond the car parks, in the distance, were the shopping halls: glass and marble palaces filled with moving stairways and lifts and cascades of plants and waterfalls.  The plate glass windows of dozens of gift and clothing shops were ranged along the walls of the halls.  The squares and roofs held cafés and restaurants where shoppers sat idly chatting and passing the day.  Sugary music drifted through the air all the while, above the hubbub of people sliding their feet on the shiny marble floors.  The colours were bright and exciting and the displays were full of the exotic.
“This is how the city works,” said Huffy.  “Ain’t nothing but an onion,” Huffy explained.  “Each district is surrounded by the next.  An’ each district is split into four.” 
The city was laid out in concentric rings called districts and areas, the North Factory District or the East Housing District.  
“The east and west is where the workers live.  It ain’t bad, but it ain’t good neither.  Up north is all the doctors and bosses.  They don’t mean no harm, but it ain’t exactly a friendly place – know what I mean.  All the rich bastards live down south.  Bunch of lazy stuck up pigs.  That’s where we go when we get hungry,”  and he laughed.
“When I was poor, I couldn’t walk down south with all them golden boys. I stuck in the east, with the suckers.”
“If you were one of us, you could walk about in East Housing after dark no problem, but you wouldn’t never go into South Housing because the police would pick you up and hassle you.  No reason, no law, just scared they are.  Them rich guys didn’t dare go into East Housing after dark.  Scared of us hoodlums, they are.  Like we ever would touch ’em,” and he spat on the pavement.
“The Big City Gang go where we want, when we want, no stopping us,” he stated proudly.
“These people here are all just sheep.  Baa, baa, one after the other.  They’re scared of themselves.  Scared to be alone – in case they meet us,” Huffy stated.
“Come down here 3.00 o’clock Saturday.  Whole world’s here like they can’t help themselves.  Go over to the factory district now: empty – easy pickings.  All these guys must wonder what’s going on.  Wherever they go there’s always a crowd.  Makes me laugh.  With us, it’s different.  When they’re here, we’re there, seeing what they don’t need no more.”
The Big City Gang, it seemed, went to places when the crowd was away and he had sometimes spent days at a time seeing virtually nobody but his five friends.
The next district that we entered was the Housing District, which consisted of rows of identical terraced houses interspersed with numerous high-rise apartment blocks.  The streets around these tenements were shabby and everything appeared worn out.
“This is East Housing,” said Huffy.  “I used to live ’ere,” and he grimaced as he looked at the rusty cars that lined the roads.  “Ain’t never going to live ’ere again.”
All around the streets children roamed in gangs or played football.  Young mothers could be seen keeping an eye on them through the open windows and front doors.
The roads of houses extended into the distance but ceased abruptly as we entered the Office District.  The place was empty of people.  The many high towers that stood sentinel along the roads were dark; it was the weekend.  The only people to be seen were security guards, who eyed us suspiciously as we walked by, but returned to their outpost boxes when we had passed.
We went through the Old Shopping District.
“This is the real old city,” said Huffy.  “Used to be all proper shops an’ stuff.  All gone now.  All the nobs come ’ere to stuff their faces now.  Sometimes we come down ’ere at night and work round the clubs.  Always money to be made out of them drunks.”
 But on Saturday afternoon the place was quiet.  The roads in this area were small and old fashioned and the buildings were quaint and decorative.  Every old shop seemed to be a club or restaurant.  Further on there were theatres.  Between and behind these buildings were grubby back alleys with empty crates and huge, overflowing bins.  Huffy sometimes took short cuts through these back yards.  We stopped at an open door leading into a grubby kitchen.  Huffy poked his head in and a rough voice inside called out.
“She ain’t here.  Now push off.”
Huffy returned, sullen and muttering.  “Come on.  She’s there. He’s lying.  Let’s hit No.1 district.”
We walked through the Government District.  It had a completely different character and contained massive stone buildings large enough for giants.  Everything about these buildings was larger than reality.  The doors were twice normal height, as were the windows.  The entrances had impressive steps and portals.  Flags flew from the roofs and statues adorned the courtyards and squares.  Here, too, the offices were dark and the streets almost deserted.
“Nothin’ ’ere.  Hate this place,” said Huffy and he looked small and insignificant against the massive stones.
The centre area of the city was District One.  The outskirts of District One contained a circle of tall, dramatic buildings.
“Look.  Hotels.  Rich pickin’s,” said Huffy.
 Each one of these hotels looked out to the front across a large park surrounded by a road and iron railings.  Each of the four sides of the park contained a massive and elaborate gate painted gold and red.  Car free avenues stretched across the grassy spaces beyond the gate.  In the distance, it was possible to make out the forms of the hotels, which lined the further sides of the park.  There was only one building of any size inside, set within its own railings and gardens.  The building at the centre of the park was monumental both in scale and architecture.  It sprawled with imposing symmetry, its massive windows pink and gold with the light of the late afternoon sun.
“What’s that?” I asked.
“That,” said Huffy, pausing, “is the Presidential Palace.  Of course, the President don’t live there no more.  Now it’s the HQ of the Big City Bank.  That’s the biggest bank in the world, yer know,  gold bars and di’monds in there…” and, for the first time since I had met him, Huffy’s voice lifted above his usual boring drone to contain a note of excitement.
We stood for a while on the edge of the grass, behind a row of tall, grey plane trees, and we looked out across the expanse of the park.  Here and there, people walked in the shadows in one’s or two’s, or sat on benches.  A solitary horseman was cantering across the grass towards a tree-lined dell in the distance.  Huffy started walking across the grass in a casual and circuitous route and I followed.  A quarter of an hour later, we entered the ring of trees growing around the lip of a former clay pit.  There, we saw the horseman, still mounted, at the foot of the hill and looking up at us with interest.
Huffy ran down the slope to the centre of the dell and I followed.  As we approached, I realised that the horseman was Crystal.  She looked quite different up in the saddle.  Seated above her proud mount I thought she looked heroic.  Other shadows appeared around the banks and before long, the entire Big City Gang was standing together in a group.  The light was fading into evening and the shadows had fallen across the old clay pit leaving the group well hidden.  But when I looked up, I thought I saw the silhouette of a man standing on the edge looking down.  It was no more than a grey shadow fleetingly standing by a tree.  I blinked and looked again but the apparition had gone.  The thought of mentioning it to the others fled as Tuffy started to lay out the plan for the night’s adventures.
“Comrades and friends,” he began in a quiet voice, “we have come to District One to borrow some money.”
At first, I thought we were going to rob the bank, but a different plan was afoot and Tuffy continued:
“The Big City Hotel has a casino on the roof where big money is won… and lost.  But gambling is a bad habit and we have a duty to cure the gamblers of their vice for at least one night!”
Around me, in the closing dark, I heard some chuckles.  Tuffy explained:
“Muffy and I shall go up the service lift to interrupt the casino bank.  Huffy and Puffy will wait at the bottom of the tower, in the garden, where we shall throw the money down in pillowcases.  Huffy and Puffy will throw the bags over the hedge and into the ha-ha.  That’s a ditch to you, Huffy.  Crystal will ride through the ha-ha in thirty minutes time and collect the bags on Pegasus, that’s Crystal’s horse, Harry.  Duffy and Harry will stay here and lift that drain cover ready to let the money down to the hiding place.”
Tuffy pointed out a large old drain cover, one of several that lay in the dell.
“We will collect the money another time, after it has been forgotten about.  Meanwhile, all comrades will return to the Star Chamber.  We will make our way back by the usual routes.  Any questions?”
A brief silence followed before the four other comrades left the clay pit leaving Crystal and Duffy with me.
“You had better get lifting, boys,” said Crystal, laughing.  She sat on a tree stump while we examined the drain.  It was old and rusty.
“Supposing the money gets washed away?” I asked.
“Now that would be a pity,” replied Crystal.  “But it won’t,” she said and in the semi-darkness I caught her giving me a wink.  
Duffy had come prepared and pulled a jemmy from his cavernous jacket and began to attack the heavy rusty drain cover.  We lifted it and peered into the dark below.  I heard the sound of running water in the distance and the impression of space wafted up with a cool breeze.  Duffy shone a small torch down and we saw that the drain had no water directly below but appeared to be the entrance to some form of underground tank.
Then came a long wait.  I started to speak:
“Do you do this often?” I asked just as Crystal’s horse raised its head and was listening intently.
“Shh,” whispered Crystal and slipped off the tree stump, handing me Pegasus’ reins as she did so.  She dodged behind some trees and disappeared from view.  A moment later I saw the silhouette of a man on the edge of the dell, almost invisible now.  Seconds later, another shadow, much smaller, silently slid up behind him and raised her hands high.
“Idiot!”  I breathed.  I threw the reins to Duffy and scrambled up to the edge of the dell even as the man turned to face Crystal.
“No!” I called and pulled the crystal out of my pocket to throw at the man.  It was the only weapon I had.
There was a sudden gasp as he turned off balance.  He raised a hand at me covering his face and fled into the darkness.
“Why did you come up here?  You fool.  You could have got hurt,” Crystal whispered hoarsely.  I could tell she was angry with herself.
“Don’t be stupid.  He was about to get you.”
“It’s not me he wants.  It’s you.  How did you make him run anyway?  What have you got that scares him?” she asked.
“No idea,” I lied.  “I guess he must have just decided to quit.  I wonder who he was?”
“Now, you’re joking,” Crystal replied, incredulous.  “Come on, let’s get back.”
Fifteen minutes later, Crystal mounted Pegasus and rode quietly up the bank and away.  We waited in silence, leaning against a tree, for the horse to return.  I was keeping a keen eye on the banks around the dell.  There were no sounds to suggest anything was happening and Duffy appeared completely casual and unconcerned.  He was clearly used to it.  I knew I could rely on Duffy to be silent.  He never spoke to anyone; he simply smiled and looked.
Crystal and Pegasus reappeared as quietly as they had gone and I was angry with myself that I had not heard them approaching.  They gently and slowly came down the bank from the opposite direction.  None of us spoke.  Duffy untied the bags that were hanging over the saddle of the horse and tied them all to a length of rope.  Together we dropped the rope, bag by bag, over the edge of the manhole and, while I took the strain of the six bulging pillowcases, Duffy tied the rope to the top rung of the iron ladder that descended into the darkness.  We eased the heavy lid gently back into place and Duffy covered it with debris and moss from the dell.  We accomplished all this without sound or light.
Duffy looked carefully around and then, with a brief wave and a pat on the back, walked off into the night.  Much would pass before I saw him again.  I turned, fearing I would be left alone, but Crystal was still there and mounted on the horse.  She motioned to me to follow her and we walked off out of the pit in a different direction.  There was still no sound or commotion.  I started to say something but she quickly held her finger to her lips and we walked on in silence.  The park was empty but the darkness and the trees waving their branches in the breeze gave it an eerie appearance.  Although the horse was quiet and placid, and the hooves made only a gentle clop on the turf, the sound of the horse’s breath seemed loud in the night.  We reached the fence and stopped in the shadows of some trees.  Occasional couples walked by on a path outside the fence but they did not notice us.
Crystal leaned over and whispered in an even voice.
“Harry, can you ride?”
“I’ve never tried,” I replied, daring not think what would come next.
“Climb on that bench and jump up behind me,” she said.
“I can’t do that,” I whispered back.  
But Crystal walked her horse to the bench in a determined way.  I followed.  There was little alternative.
“Harry,” she said again, “if I told you the Follower was still in the park and still following, would you try?  Jump up and hold on to me.”
The great beast scared and worried me.  I did not want to fall, but I did as she said and surprised myself by landing gently on the horse’s back behind Crystal.  Pegasus shifted his ground and moved about a little but seemed unconcerned by the extra weight of a pillion.  We started to move off into the night, back across the park and towards a different part of the city.
The horse walked steadily for some minutes.  The rhythm of the beast under me was unlike anything I had known before and I could feel the heat coming up through the deep coat.  I held on to my rider around her waist, firmly at first, but with decreasing tension as the journey progressed.  We came to the fence again and for a tense moment I wondered if the horse would try to jump it, but instead we found some broken railings by a fallen tree.  The horse picked a way across and onto the path beyond.
The journey back to the Star Chamber was one of the strangest I have ever known.  The horse in the night time city seemed incongruous but also magical.  Many people stared up at us as we passed down the roads.  In the distance behind we heard sirens and commotion and I guessed the crime was discovered.  
Crystal was expert at piloting the beast and the streets were relatively quiet in the mid-evening lull.  I closed my eyes and imagined travelling through the city in ancient times.  The horse’s hooves were striking the road with a regular clip-clop of metal against stone, and the sound echoed from the walls as we passed.  We travelled by back roads and footpaths for most of the way, crossing the larger roads from time to time.  I think it was then that I fell under the spell of the proud and daring horse woman riding me to safety.
“Are we going back?” I asked.
“We are and we are not,” replied Crystal cryptically and in a dreamy voice.
“Harry, you are not safe in the Big City.  You have been seen and we are probably still being followed.  I think we will be safe on the horse tonight, but they will be waiting for you.  The Star Chamber is secure, but the Follower will wait outside and you have to go out sometime.”
“But what can I do?” I returned in an agitated whisper, looking all about for the Follower.
“I, too, want to escape and return home.  I am homesick, Harry.  There is nothing for me in this city.  We are country folk, you and I.  The city will never be our home, no matter how long we stay.  Do you trust me yet, Harry?”
“I think so,” I said.  “But I don’t know who to believe,” I continued.
“I have a plan,” she said.  “I was going to go on my own, but it would be better with two.  I have a way out of the city, which no follower will ever find.  You must come with me.”  Crystal’s voice was quiet but firm.  She had made up her mind and mine.
Crystal seemed very quiet and contemplative as we progressed without a word passing between us.  I felt enraptured in wonder at the city by night.  The lights of thousands of houses and apartments concealed hundreds of thousands of lives, all moving together, like the myriad parts of some gigantic organism.  In the distance, I could see an elevated freeway and it seemed that the lights of the cars as they pulsed along were like the lifeblood of the city and the roads were like arteries.
We turned into a small road and a car turned in behind.  Suddenly, the car raced past.  I could feel the horse tense beneath us.
“Whoa, boy,” Crystal leaned over and stroked the beast’s neck.
The car squealed to stop just ahead of us as a second car came slowly up behind.  It was trap.
“Careful, Harry.  Whatever you do stay on the horse,” said Crystal.
By now, the two cars were completely blocking the street.  A man emerged from each, leaving the doors open and the engines running.  We stood stock still in the centre of the street.  I could see Pegasus’ ears switching around.  But he stood his ground, motionless.
“It’ll be alright Harry.  We’ll be fine.  Whatever you do, stay on board,” whispered Crystal.
Two men stood in the street light.  One was tall and thin, the other short and fat.  They both wore black leather jackets and dark glasses.  The tall one stepped forward, still well back from the horse.  He took a knife from his jacket and played with it.  His friend did the same as they slowly came forward.
“Oi you!”  said the tall one in a voice I recognised.  “Off the ’orse.  Not you missus, just ’im.”
We sat silent and still.
“You deaf kid?  Get down ’ere or you’ll get some of this,” he said, brandishing his knife.
Still we sat silent and motionless.  I could feel the tension mounting in the horse below us.  The beast was moving his head slowly from side to side watching the two.
They moved in closer.  The blades were bright and the glasses black.
Crystal tapped my hand: a signal.  I tightened my grip.  The horse was pawing its hooves as it shifted its weight.  I wondered what we would do.
“I ain’t asking again.  The kid gets down or you get this.”
Crystal hit my hand firmly twice.  I gripped her firmly.  I could feel her heart thumping under her ribs.  The horse could sense the moment.  Crystal tapped the horse’s flank with her heel and the beast sprang forward with a loud neighing.
“Hold on Harry!” I heard her shout.
Pegasus sprang forward with a shock of energy, straight at the tall man and knocked him down.  The fat one was behind reaching out with his knife.  The horse whinnied violently and I felt the back lift as he gave a mighty kick behind.  The fat one screamed as we galloped past the cars and down the street.  Around the corner we stopped and Crystal jumped down.  Our mount seemed agitated and was frothing at the bit, pawing the ground.  Crystal held his proud neck and stroked him.
“There, there, my beauty, my beauty.”
She went all around.  There was a slight nick bleeding on his hindquarter.
“Bastards,” I heard her swear.
She ran back to the corner just in time to see the two crawling back into their cars and turning back out of the street.  A dozen windows were open and people looking out.  At the far end of the street two men in dark suits stood and watched.
She came back.  Gently, she remounted and we walked slowly and quietly.
“We’ll be fine now,” she said to me as we walked off slowly through a tangle of streets.
“This is one hell of a horse,” I said.
Crystal laughed.  “This horse is not just any horse, Harry.  Pegasus is a retired police horse.  He’s trained in riot control.  Thought he was back in the good old days.  Those two will think twice next time they see a horse coming towards them!”
We did not go to the docks directly but rode to a low square building in the Housing District, District Five.  Crystal bade me to dismount and I slid off Pegasus’ back gracelessly and landed roughly on the tarmac.  Crystal dropped lightly down to the ground beside me and led the horse up to the large wooden doors that led into the building.  She rang a bell and after a while, a small, grizzled old man appeared.  He looked suspiciously at me but then he took the horse silently.  Crystal handed the man a packet and whispered something pointing to the wound on the hind quarter.  The old man ran his hands over him.  Then he turned without a word still glancing unsympathetically towards me.  The man led the animal inside and Crystal turned towards me and pointed down the road we were to follow.  The evening was wearing on and we were still some miles from our destination, so we walked quickly.
Crystal seemed busy with her own thoughts and I remained silent, but the talk about the Follower had made me wary and I looked out for shadows at every junction.  After a mile, we passed into the quiet, lonely world of the Shopping District at night.  The contrast between the bright family-filled shops during the day and the night time squalor was startling.  The dark doorways were home to drunks, dropouts and runaways who muttered oaths at us or shrank back into the shadows as we passed.  Crystal ignored them but I found them repulsive and filled with danger.  Dirty men with unintelligible slurs waved bottles and asked for money while sinister, silent, black shapes stayed huddled beneath old coats in their dark, squalid corners.
“Where do these people live?” I asked.
“This is where they live, Harry.  Don’t stop,” replied Crystal.
We walked on, trying not to look aside as we went.  I saw a shadow emerge from a doorway ahead of us and stand in the darkness.  Crystal must have seen it too because she quickly crossed the road and we moved hurriedly on our way.
The shadow figure turned and watched us as we went past.  Crystal walked briskly towards the main square ahead where there was more light.  I glanced behind and saw the figure walking swiftly along the opposite pavement.
“Is that the Follower?” I whispered.
“No, I think not.  It’s something else and I don’t like it.  We have to lose it before the 7th District.  We’ll be alone there.  Stick close behind and go exactly where I go,” she replied, breathlessly as we increased our pace.
A minute later, she darted into a small passageway and up a ramp into an empty car park.  The car park was cavernous and filled with rows of pillars, walls, ramps and lift shafts.  Only a handful of cars were there.  We dodged around and on to different levels as stealthily and quietly as we could, until Crystal motioned me to stop.  We crouched beside a parapet where we could view the entrance below.  Presently, a dark shadow crossed the threshold and entered the building.  It looked about and stood very still for what seemed a long time.  The light in the building was sparse but I caught a glimpse of the eyes as it looked towards us.  I was terrified that it had seen us and felt compelled to stand up.  Crystal must have felt something of the same because she held her hand firmly down on my shoulder.  The moment passed and the shadow figure turned back and left the building.  The intensity of the encounter left us both feeling weak, but somehow I knew the danger was over, for the time being.
“Do we go back down now?” I asked.
“No.  Wait for one minute longer, then get up,” Crystal whispered.
The whir of a lift in the shaft behind us suddenly broke the silence.  Before we had time to move, the doors opened and out stepped a shadowy figure towards us and stopped.
The silhouette was a sinister black shape against the light.  My heart pumped erratically and a cold terror gripped me.  I was unable to speak or move.  Crystal gripped my hand in hers as we crouched by the parapet.  The lift doors shut and the figure stepped slowly forward into the light.
He opened his mouth and relief flooded over me as Muffy grinned at us.
“Very friendly,” he laughed looking at our clasped hands. “I see you keep the wrong kind of company,” he continued in a voice that sounded too loud.
He walked to the parapet and looked over.  Two more figures emerged from the shadows as Tuffy and Puffy strolled into view.  They waved and laughed.
“Come on, let’s go,” someone called.
The other members of the gang soon joined us.  I felt a sudden great affection for them all as we jogged casually and confidently down the ramp and onto the street.  The staring faces in the shop doorways no longer swore or begged.  They stepped back in fear as the gang swept by.  I began to realise that the down-and-outs respected and revered the Big City Gang.  Before we left the Shopping District, Tuffy turned and threw down a parcel in the street.  He looked straight into my questioning face.
“They’ll be fighting over that all night,” he said and he laughed.
The package contained some of the money from the casino raid.  Tuffy wanted to make sure that the news got back that it was the Big City Gang who had planned the robbery.  In the distance, a figure stood alone and watching from the end of the street.
We jogged on through the 7th District and the deserted factories.  The high spirits were infectious and, before long, the gang song was ringing out from the warehouse walls.  The singing died down to silence as we approached the labyrinth of tunnels and the stream of shadows slipped unseen into their hide-out and secured the doors behind them.  
We entered the Star Chamber as before and feasted for an hour.  The gang told tales of their exploits.  Even I told of our ride home and the shadowy figures we had seen.  Crystal alone was quiet.  As time went on I found I couldn’t help looking at her.  Why was she so silent?  I was not the only one to notice.  Tuffy, too, kept darting looks at her and then at me.
It was well into the early hours before we started to think of sleep.  Everyone felt tired when the gang split up to retire for the night.  
“Harry, let’s go.  I’ll show you where you can hole up for the night,” said Crystal.
“Okay,” I replied.
“Hurry back Crystal,” called Tuffy.  I thought I saw him give me an unfriendly look as we left the room.
I looked forward to a life on the streets with the impregnable Big City Gang.  I foolishly thought that I was already a member.
Crystal led me down a maze of passages and into a small room.  She stopped and spoke.
“Harry, will you come with me?”
I had, by then, forgotten her plan of escape.
“What, where?” I asked stupidly.
“Home, of course, I’m going home,” she replied sternly.  “Now!  Sometimes I wonder about you.  You can’t stay here.  Do you want to stay here without me to look after you?  Think about it if you like, but I’m going now.” she added.
“But how, and what about the Follower and those other men?” I stammered.
“No-one will see us and by morning we will have left the Big City.  Please come, I would like you to come, but we must go now.”
“But I should be home - you could show me where to find the ferry and I’ll go.”  I was getting upset and confused.  The Big City Gang would be, at best, uncomfortable without Crystal and I began to realise that I, too, was away from home in a strange place.  Even Crystal was strange.  Could I really trust her?  I suddenly had a crazy thought that if we left now for the ferry, then perhaps I could still get home before I was missed.
“No, Harry.  You idiot!  It’s gone 3.00am.  If you so much as show your face up there in the middle of the night they’ll find you and take you.  They’re waiting for you.  At least something is.  And anyway, Tuffy’s waiting for me and that’s worse,” and she caught my eye.  “Think about it, Harry.  I’m a girl – or didn’t you notice?”
She continued, but to herself, “Maybe not, maybe that’s why I like you?”
There was a moment’s silence.  Crystal tried again, gently but firmly this time.
“Trust me, Harry.  We can help each other but we need to start right now.  You said you couldn’t trust someone you didn’t know.  Well, you’re wrong.  I don’t know you, but I know enough to trust you.  I trust you, Harry.  This matters to me.”  A new insistent tone was in Crystal’s voice.  “You matter to me.  I could go on my own but I would be scared and lonely.  Come with me, now.  I need you. This is my only chance and I really, really need you.”  Crystal pushed back her hair and for the first time in minutes I could really see her face.  Her eyes were shining, damp.
Perhaps I am a little slow, a little dense sometimes.  Perhaps this was an experience too new.  I stood stupidly, blinking at the floor.  Crystal reached out a hand and put it on my shoulder.  She stood looking straight at my downcast eyes.  I could not help myself, I had to look up and meet her own questioning eyes.  From that moment, I had no choice and she knew she had won.
I nodded my assent.  With a beaming smile on her face, and to my total amazement, she hugged me, before we walked, both elated, into the twisting passages again.  I began to recognise some of the places we had passed earlier in the day and, by the time we had reached the heavy bulkhead door, I realised that Crystal meant to escape along the old underground river.  We opened the door and went in.  I saw the water, and the canoe was as we had left it.  We heaved the heavy door shut and turned the bolt.  It was pitch black within; the sound of the water was loud and close in the deep dark surrounding us.
“We’ll be all right once we are in the canoe, but we must do without the lights,” said Crystal.  “Tuffy turns them off at bed time!” she added.
I was still carrying my duffel bag, which I had not left for fear of losing it, and I triumphantly pulled out my small torch: the same one that I had taken to Sgurr-Cavan.  Even with a torch, getting into the canoe was a performance.  But soon we were ready to cast off.  A new adventure had begun.
The river flowed against us but we made steady, if slow, progress upstream.  We only used the torch sparingly to show the way ahead.  It was hard to keep from scraping into the slimy walls.  We were travelling under the city, on the uncharted waters of the ancient secret river.  On and on we went, through the darkness towards our freedom.
The splash of the paddles echoed from the roof.  The water flowed almost silently about the slender craft as it moved.  We passed unseen openings that we felt in the darkness.  There, streams entered or weirs poured water off to other unknown places.  There must have been hundreds of tunnels and drains down there.  The evidence around us showed that craftsmen had built it.  Millions of bricks lined the tunnels and arches.  Once or twice, we glimpsed light where street lights shone through the cracks of a distant drain high above, but the river was a secret world.  It belonged to us that night.
“We must follow the river right across the city and out through the marsh.  If we stick to it, it will take us all the way home.  But on the way there is a small job we have to do.”  Crystal sounded a little different and there was a new assertiveness in her tone.  She was the leader of the gang now.
Several hours passed and I felt very tired.  The sound of the water and the rhythm of the paddling were lulling me into a dreamy wakefulness.   Suddenly, Crystal lifted her paddle aboard and pulled the canoe over to a small landing stage.
“There, up there, shine the torch,” she said in an excited voice.
I pointed the beam up towards a slanting shaft that dropped down from the darkness and within it I could see, quite clearly, the form of six white pillowcases tied to a rope, hanging from a rusty ladder.


Chapter Seven - Secret River

I scrambled up the sloping culvert.  Above me the pillowcases were hanging down in the dark.  The old iron ladder was broken but sufficient remained to provide a footrest.  The last of the cases dangled, almost out of reach, and I had to stretch out above the void to grab the rope and untie the end.  I gripped the pillowcase and began to clamber down but the cotton snagged on a broken railing and the whole parcel of money fell from my hand and slithered down into the dark.
“Look out below,” I shouted and then I followed back down to the canoe.
By the time I reached the bottom again, Crystal was sitting, cross-legged in the canoe, with the grimy wet pillowcase in front of her.
“Sorry!” I said and sat down again.  Crystal laughed and the echoes rebounded in choruses of happiness.
“What about the others?” I asked.
“I only take my fair share,” she replied.  “They trust me, I respect them: that’s how it works.”
We extracted the bags of money and stowed the haul in a dry sack from the front of the boat before we set off into the dark again.
“But the money’s stolen… what if the police find us?”  I asked.
“You heard Tuffy.  Gambling is a bad habit.  We’re just saving people from themselves.  In any case, it’s only money.  They make the money.  They make the rules.  But we don’t have to play the game.  Anyway, the money isn’t for me.”
The hands that had toiled to build the canal were forgotten but we felt we knew them from their work.  I thought that they must have been a dignified and purposeful people.  Travelling through their tunnel was a strange experience.  We were escaping and yet the tunnel held us captive within its dark subterranean universe.  The black brick-lined tube seemed endless and remote from the living world.  The loss of our sight enhanced our other senses: we became breeze detectives.  Temperature, smell and feeling filled our thoughts.  Despite the sounds around us, it was the most completely quiet place I had ever known.  A peaceful reverence pervaded the tunnel and demanded a respectful silence.  We learned to see with a worm’s eye view but, ever in the distance, we held the image of the pinprick of light, as yet unseen, that marked the entrance to the real world that lay beyond.
The tunnel continued for many miles.  We paddled at a regular pace deep into the night, resting occasionally, for the journey under the city was long and arduous.  After such a long day, we both felt very sleepy.  Although we did not want to stop until we felt sure we were safe and free, tiredness overcame us.  We found a railing, not far beyond the drain in the park, to which we could secure the canoe while we slept.  The canoe was not good accommodation for two to sleep.  Not wide enough to sleep side by side and too short to be end to end.  We covered ourselves as best as possible with our jackets and laid our heads on the sack of money in the centre of the canoe.  
“Good night Harry,” yawned Crystal, “and thanks.”
We both slept fitfully, and uncomfortably, curled up in the bottom of our boat.  The water dripped constantly from the roof all around but, thankfully, little of it landed on us.  The absolute darkness was unnerving and I found it impossible to measure the passage of time in the endless deep night of the tunnel.
We woke up cold and hungry on Sunday, in the lightless dawn of a false morning.  Crystal had planned her escape well and we had rations from the rat proof tin hidden in the bow.  After a meagre snack, we set off again, moving through the darkness of the subterranean day.  My back ached from a hard night in the canoe but it was good to be going again.
The tunnel turned through a series of wide curves, first one way, then another.  There were many other passages leading into the main channel and we moved in constant fear of losing our way or being swept over a weir.  It was slow going and we had to guess the right way.  Twice we had to back out of dead ends.  All through the day we hardly spoke but I never felt the need.  Often Crystal would start to hum as we paddled along.  Once she started to sing but immediately stopped.
“Go on,” I said, “I love to hear you sing.”
“No, no, not yet.  I won’t sing until we are safe, until we are free.”
And so we paddled on in silence.
It was early in the evening before we finally approached the tunnel entrance.  The last few hundred yards of the tunnel had numerous junctions and the main channel sub-divided into two equal parts.  After consulting the compass, we chose the left route and continued on our way.  Disturbingly, the tunnel seemed to be getting smaller until we had to duck to avoid hitting our heads.  But we could smell a change in the air.  There was something free infiltrating the close confines, a hint of freshness in the darkness.  The ever lowering roof was disquieting and it was not until we emerged from the final bend that we saw a light in the distance.  The last rosy flare of sunset reflected off the water and was creeping in through the hazy evening air.  
All thought of tiredness had dropped away from our cramped limbs and we paddled with renewed vigour.  I felt a new excitement thrill through me as we piloted our canoe swiftly along.  The pinpoint quickly grew to an inverted  horseshoe shaped opening.  The air in the gloom became fresher still and distant sounds penetrated the tunnel.  The bright dynamics of the natural world released our blinkered, stifled senses.  Our small craft came to rest by a heavy and rusty iron grating that lay like a portcullis across the entrance.  We peered out through the bars that imprisoned us and my heart sank.
“Now what do we do?” I asked.
“Don’t worry, there will be a way out,” Crystal replied.  “Let’s see what we can see first.”
There was a vast empty mistiness outside that covered a marsh.  It filled the air as far we could see.  As we watched, the evening sun dipped to the horizon far to the right, through clouds that looked like mountains.  There was no sign of human habitation, but there was ample wildlife; the raucous calls of ducks and geese, great billowing clouds of gnats and mosquitoes, and the occasional plop of a rat entering water filled the air ahead.  The night descended quickly across the marshes and we were in darkness once more.
“We should sleep now,” said Crystal.  “At least this will be a safe place to stay for tonight.”
I could see that it was safe; perhaps it was too safe.  How could we break through the barrier ahead?  But we were tired and we tied up the canoe inside the grating.  We lay as best we could beneath our coats in the cool dark.  Sleep soon overcame the discomfort and the Big City filled my dreams.
I awoke with a start.  I looked nervously around and expected to see the familiar surroundings of my bedroom.  Where was I?  I slowly recalled the previous night but, disturbingly, the canoe was no longer at the tunnel entrance and Crystal was nowhere about.  I was alone.  My first thought was: ‘She’s abandoned me.  She’s left me.’  I felt a slight panic as the thought hit me.  Then I settled.  ‘No, she would not have done that.’  But where was she and where was I?  Used to the dark after our days of perpetual night, I could make out the outline of the tunnel and could tell that this was some kind of junction with several other tunnels leading off in different directions.  I felt about for my torch, but it was gone.  Crystal must have taken it.  I settled down to wait.  There was little else I could do.  ‘Trust me,’ she had said.  Now was the time for trust.
I could hear a strange noise in the distance and it was coming nearer.  It sounded like a high pitched wind and whatever it was, it was heading towards me.  Suddenly a black shadow shot overhead, then another and another.  I dropped to floor of the canoe.  The rushing noise turned into a squealing screech as hoards of bats flew overhead.  The air was thick with the creatures.  They flew inches from my head and filled the whole tunnel.  There must have been thousands of the tiny mammals.  The air was solid black.  The noise was deafening.  
The animals started landing on me where I crouched in the canoe.  I could feel them in my hair.  I was enveloped by hundreds of tiny bats, flapping and squealing.  I tried to beat them off but they were crawling over my arms and face and biting my hands.  Their claws were razor sharp on my hands and scalp.  It was hard to breathe and the air stank.  More and more came and crowded all around me.  There were too many and some had their tiny talons in my cheeks.  I dared not open my eyes.  I could not open my mouth to shout for help.  In the panic of the moment I had to do something.  I tried to stand up but the mass of bats made it impossible.  I did the only thing I could think of and tumbled out of the canoe into the river and submerged myself completely.  The bats dropped off me in a mad confusion.  I stayed under as long as I could hold my breath and then emerged gasping.  To my horror, I was immediately attacked.  Ducking under I waded half waddling down the tunnel.  Every few seconds I put my head out for a breath.  Each time there were still bats, but fewer and fewer.  Then I stood up and walked, half running down the tunnel, turning and twisting through a dozen junctions until I was surrounded by silence.  I stood dripping in the inky black.  The bats had gone and I was completely lost.
I found the edge of the tunnel, slimy with weed and slowly made my way back to the first junction.  I could discern at least three other ways out.
“Crystal, Crystal, where are you?” I said out loud.  It sounded so loud that my voice turned to a whisper as fear overtook me.  I stood silently.  It was completely dark but I could feel the water moving past my legs.
‘Of course, of course.  Just follow the flow.’  I started walking on and at every junction I stopped still until I could feel the water flowing past.  A few minutes later I came to large tunnel junction.  I was sure I was back in the main tunnel.  I followed the walls until I came to a ledge and suddenly cracked my shins on the canoe.
Dim light could be seen reflecting off the water in the far distance.  Suddenly it was blotted out.  Involuntarily I tensed in expectation.  But no noise followed.  I moved all the dry things in the canoe out of the way and climbed dripping onto the thwart.  There was a long passageway beside me leading off at a tangent from the main channel but still wide enough to take the canoe.  I was ready to loosen the painter and paddle round out of sight.  A minute later, after I had soothed my stiff limbs, I saw the shadowy shape of Crystal wading through the water towards me.  Getting closer she turned on the torch.  She carried her trousers draped over her shoulder.
“Chrissy, over here,” I whispered.
Her welcoming smile dropped when she saw me. “Whatever’s happened to you?  You look like you’ve fallen out of the boat.  Are you all right?”
“I’m fine,” I lied, “just had a bit of a surprise.”
She shone the torch on my face and gasped.  “Harry!  You’re hurt.”  I didn’t know it but my face was covered in blood from the bats’ attack.
“Bats,” I explained, “What about you?”
“I’ve been busy.  It’s all right, I’ve found a way out,” she announced.  She threw her clothes into the canoe and then climbed in herself, dripping wet.  “Come on, sleepy head,” she said, “this way, we’ll be out in a minute.  Then we can sort you out.  I should never have left you.”
We paddled up the small tunnel.  The roof was so low that we had to duck and the walls were so close that there was barely room to swing the paddle round but the entrance soon appeared ahead of us, and it was open.  We glided through into the morning sun, between two high banks of reeds and marsh flowers.  As we emerged, an otter sitting on the bank watched us bemusedly.
“I need this.  Boy do I need this.  Daylight at last,” I said.  I wanted to smile but the pain of my face stopped me.
“You’re soaked through.  Over to the bank and sit there for a bit in the sun while I clean you up.”  Crystal played mother, while I played the little boy.
She knelt beside me.  Bit by bit she used her handkerchief to clean my face, gently washing off the blood with water from the stream.  As she did so, I watched her eyes only inches from mine.
“Don’t,” she whispered, catching me with a direct glance “you’re distracting me.”
“Sorry,” I mumbled and looked away, blushing.
“There,” she smiled, “It looked worse than it was.”
The perimeter of the Big City Airport lay out of sight on its man-made plateau.  The terminal was already coming noisily to life a mile behind us.
“Do we leave the canoe here?” I asked.  “This stream seems to be very shallow. The keel was scraping the soft muddy bottom of the silted channel as we came through.”
“No,” replied Crystal.  “We’ll walk, but we can’t walk through the marsh.”
“What then?”
“We’ll get out, but we will keep the canoe for our things and for sleeping.  Without us weighing it down it should float fine and we can walk up the river bed, or along the bank.  Remember, this is not the main channel.  If we can rejoin it we may be able to paddle again.”
“Do you know where we are going?” I asked, looking around.  The marsh was covered in mist that seemed to form a white wall in the distance.
Crystal didn’t reply immediately but gazed into the mist.  She pointed vaguely ahead and said quietly: “over there, that’s home”.
“For you, but not for me,” I replied sadly.  “I don’t think I’ll ever get home.”
But Crystal did not seem to hear me.  She was still looking across the marsh.
I looked into the mist again but saw nothing across the blanket of white.  So I turned my attention to the immediate need.
“What can we eat?” I asked and then answered my own question.  “Look at all those fish in the shadows!  They won’t bite us, will they?”
“No.  We’ll bite them,” laughed Crystal.  “Let’s eat fish!”
“We’ll have to catch them first,” I observed.
“Don’t move.  Stay absolutely still,” she replied.
Crystal stood in the water watching and waiting.  Slowly, she crouched down, close to the bank and stayed motionless; a bare legged statue.  Her concentration on her task seemed to be total.  I looked on, fascinated and entranced.  She was in communion with nature.  It was a moment of discovery for me.  This strange girl was at once selfless and naïve, yet full of knowledge and experience.   In that moment, I felt a warmth inside me that I had known before.  I knew I was with a friend, a new friend and it seemed almost dreamlike to me, to be there alone with this magical girl.  The fish moved through the shadows by the river bank and hung in the current, drifting into Crystal’s shadow.  Her hands were in the water.  Very gently, Crystal stroked the bodies of two large trout that sheltered in her shade.  With the smallest rhythmical movements she seemed to entrance the fish into submission.  She was completely involved in her task.  Suddenly, and without warning, it was over.  She had caught the two trout and landed them on the bank.  The gleaming, silvery fish were both stunned on the gunwale and Crystal took out her knife and headed towards the tunnel.  Using a brick wall as a workbench she gutted and beheaded the fish.
“You’ve done that before, I can see.”
“Come on,” she called, “bring the canoe.”
I took the rope and followed her back into the shadows.  Blinded by the dark of the tunnel, I hung back by the entrance for a minute.  I tied up the canoe and, under orders from Crystal, I went back out to find sufficient dry material for a small fire.  I used my knife to good effect and returned to the tunnel with an armful of reeds and rushes, together with two pieces of driftwood that I found caught up on the riverbank.
Crystal pulled a tin out of the bottom of the canoe while I made up the fire on a ledge.  The matches had thankfully not been in my pocket when I went under the water.  We were still within sight of the entrance where two tunnels branched.  The flickering light spread ghastly shadows across the old brickwork and the fire smoked somewhat.  Each fish was skewered on two sticks and held over the flames.  I was pleased of the warmth in my wet clothes.   But we quickly doused the flames when the fish had cooked.  We sat at the edge of the tunnel to eat our meal.  The food was rudimentary but satisfying.  The tunnel flues had drawn the smoke into the darkness and we hoped that it would disperse before it emerged.
We returned with the canoe to the daylight cautiously and started to walk up the river.  Crystal was in front but she turned and gave me an odd look and then laughed.
“Silly Harry!” she said still looking at me, “You can’t walk in the river like that.  You’ll need dry clothes to sleep in tonight.”
I could feel myself blushing once more.  I had been dreading this moment.
“It’s all right,” she smiled.  “I’ll look the other way.”
I knew she was right.  I wrung out my sodden socks and trousers and draped them in the canoe to dry in the sun.  I felt like me again and I began to enjoy my adventure.  There was a grey smoky pall that hung above the Big City behind us.  It was a mixture of mist and pollution that made up that peculiar atmosphere, and which seemed somehow apt.  We both felt secure in the marsh where we were practically invisible in the vastness of our surroundings.  There were no roads near the place and, with luck, our long passage through the secret river tunnel had deadened the scent for any ‘followers’ that might have attempted to find us.
The late summer sun kept us warm in our watery surroundings.  My clothes soon dried and we made reasonable progress.  Even if we were seen, there was no reason we should attract any special attention.  The edge of the airport soon became just a noisy blot amongst the general haze behind us.  Ahead, the air cleared and by midday we could see across to the far side of the marsh into the distance beyond.  The firm banks of the stream receded back and high reed beds surrounded us on either side making our progress invisible to all, except from the air.  Down at water level, it was a small private world.  The stream we were walking along seemed to keep, more or less, on a course for the far side of the marsh, albeit not in a straight path.  Fortunately, Crystal seemed to be in her element among the reed beds and walked ahead, reading the way with precision.
Our side stream joined the main river and I heard Crystal sigh as she stood and looked at the scene.  The water channel seemed half empty.  We would not be able to row our canoe after all.
“Damn the dam,” she hissed.
The further we progressed along the old river, the narrower the channel snaking down the old broad river bed became.  A gradual change took place in our surroundings and the reeds on either side gave way to tussocky humps that protruded from the boggy brown peat.  Cotton grass waved its white fluffy heads at the water’s edge and occasional half-fallen alder trees attempted to grow in the stonier places.  The river widened a little where the marsh gave way to firmer ground and the water channelled into rivulets with low banks.  Our way led us to a sparse woodland of crack willows.  They stood, twisted, gnarled and ancient, half-leaning, half-fallen in the swamp.  We stopped in their shade.
The evening was approaching and the water was becoming too cold on our bare legs for us to walk in the river for much longer.  We tied up the canoe and made camp for the night on some firm ground, in among the trees.  Some duck’s eggs and sorrel leaves that Crystal had collected earlier in the day extended our fishy diet.  We did not cook our meal until the evening mist had started to descend to hide the smoke from our fire.
While we ate, a glorious sunset flooded the misty skies with crimson and gold.  We looked on and quietly talked.
“How much further do we have to go before we get somewhere?” I asked.
“I think we will reach the high ground beyond the marsh some time tomorrow.”
“What then?”
“We keep going.  We should be home in two days at most, if we stick at it.”
“This river’s not getting any deeper.  We will have to leave the canoe soon.  We should sort our things,” I suggested, “and get rid of anything we don’t need.”
“Okay.  We don’t have much but we won’t want to carry all of it.”
We emptied the contents of our bags into the bottom of the canoe and removed the unwanted items.  By the time we had finished, we had made room for the money, that had been in the pillowcase, to be spread through our other luggage.  We each had a modest backpack and Crystal also had a small holdall she had placed in the canoe in preparation for her journey.  We tested the weight of our luggage and decided that we had done enough.  There was a pile of oddments, which we needed to throw out, left heaped in the bottom of the canoe.  I picked up a neat, well made wooden box, that Crystal had put there.
“Oh, that’s not to go,” she cried.  “Give it here!”
So saying, she grabbed the box from me.
“I’m sorry, Crystal,” I said.  “It’s just that, well, I’ve got a box just like that at home.”
“Oh, really,” she said indignantly,  “Well, this is mine.”
“The one I have doesn’t really belong to me,” I explained.  “My father gave it to me.  I use it to keep something in.  What’s in yours?”
“My mother gave it to me.  It’s very, very old.”
I put my hand in my jacket pocket and looked at her steadily.
“Crystal, this is important,” I said.  “You told me to get rid of whatever I had that the Followers wanted back in the Big City.  Well I didn’t.  I’ve got it here.  If I show you what I keep in my box, then will you show me what’s inside yours?”
“Maybe,” she replied.
“You see, it wasn’t the box I recognised, it was that mark on the lid, that funny star.”
“It’s not a star,” she replied.  “It’s the sign of the Double-Cross.”
I took the white crystal from my pocket where it lay concealed in the small leather pouch and unwrapped it.  It was almost dark by then but the brilliant stone reflected a glimmer of light and shone out.  Crystal caught her breath and stared at the precious stone.  Slowly, she opened her box and unwrapped the item inside.  She placed her hand beside mine and a second crystal glowed: two stars in the deepening mists.  We both looked at them for a long time in the growing dark.
Suddenly I had a thought.
“Crystal, take this stone and place it beside yours.”
The stones lay in her hand.  I moved them together and, as if by magic, the two stones became one; they fitted together seamlessly; they must have been crystals from the same rock.  We both looked into her palm where the newly united stones glinted like jewels.
“Do you know what these stones are?” I asked quietly as I took her hand in mine and gently separated the crystals.  I lifted my crystal and returned it to its hiding place.
“Yes,” she quavered, “well I think so.  They’re special stones, like a talisman.  My mother told me it was special; she said to keep it safe, always.”
“She was right, but they are more than special: they are magic.  Do you believe in magic?”
“I don’t know,” she replied.
“This is magic,” I said, “us meeting, coming here, going where we’re going.  No chance in million years could have brought us together with these white crystals.  We don’t need to think about it, it is.”
“Perhaps,” said Crystal dreamily.  “Who knows.  Chance is a strange thing.  But I think we should sleep now.  I’m tired and it’s dark, and there’s still a long way to go tomorrow.”
On Tuesday morning, our journey continued through the marshes.  We were both becoming weary of the watery wilderness that surrounded us.  We needed shelter and good food.  We found it difficult to walk through the soft ground and muddy streambeds, and we felt tired.  As the water channels grew smaller, we often had to heave the canoe through the reeds or over banks of coarse grass.  The air in the marshes was humming with insects that constantly surrounded us and got into our hair, and mouth and eyes.
“I think we’ll call this place the ‘Midge Marsh’,” joked Crystal, as she waved her hand at the clouds of insects that surrounded us.
The swarms of mosquitoes left us sore and itching.  Dank pools of water bubbled on either side of the fresh water streams and foul marsh gas filled the air with a loathsome stench.  At one point, we stumbled into a nest of water snakes.  The sinister creatures slid off in all directions as we jumped into the canoe for safety.  We kept a wary eye open for any more marsh creatures as we ventured forth again.
“I don’t like this much,” I admitted.  “Something here makes me uneasy.  Can’t you feel it?”
“Yes, me too.  Something up ahead.  I think there’s something waiting up there.  Don’t know what.  We’re heading towards it, but it’s the only way we can go.”
“Sooner we reach those woods the better,” I replied.  “We can take cover there.”
On Tuesday night, we slept in the canoe for the last time.  For safety, we moored it in the centre of the small river, for once broadened into a substantial pond by a barrier of silt.  The air was much colder than on previous nights but we managed well enough.  We had become used to our hard, cramped sleeping quarters and both slept well.
We awoke early on Wednesday morning, to the sound and sensation of falling rain.  A few feet from the canoe, a heron stood with one foot in the water and a quizzical expression on its face.  The great bird flapped its wings awkwardly and slowly ascended to fly away south.  We were both damp and cold, so we decided to proceed without breakfast until we could find shelter.  The day’s journey began.  We paddled to the edge of the pond and walked through the relative cover, but sometimes difficult terrain, of sparse woodland.  I began to see sandstone and shale in the banks on either side where they lay in miniature cliffs and terraces that rose up to firmer ground.  Twice, I glimpsed the iridescent flash of a kingfisher, flying from a hole in a bank.  By midday, the woodland had closed to a forest of oak and beech and the marshland was behind us.
The river spread out to a shallow stony brook just a few inches deep and the time had come to let the canoe go.  We carried it to a deep pool beneath a small waterfall and filled it with stones and water until it sank.  We were sad to leave it behind; it had been a good home.  Gathering our packs, we walked up through the woods to the top of a small rocky hill from where we could view the land about.  Fortunately, the rain had stopped and the air was clear.  It surprised me that I could no longer see the Big City in the distance behind.  Even the marsh beyond the woodland was indistinct.  We knew we would encounter signs of human habitation again somewhere ahead of us and we planned to buy some wholesome food as soon as we could.
There was a well-trodden path up the hill that led towards a road and that meant there must be a village or town somewhere in the distance.  I passed the time while we were walking along the path by telling Crystal something of the legend of Mythras, but I did not include the story of my own crystal or of my journey across the water.  Eventually, we saw roofs in the distance.  We struck out across the heathland towards the settlement.  We finally walked into the main square of a small town, in the late afternoon.  We were both tired and hungry.
The place was a small, attractive market town, and ideal for our purpose.  It appeared to be a holiday destination for Big City folk and there were a few sightseers walking about.  We had already decided to pose as hikers on holiday, if the need arose.  We bought a map and some snacks from a small shop and found a quiet place to rest and eat.  The money from the pillowcase was much more than we had expected, but Crystal did not intend to use any of the ill-gotten windfall on our journey.  She said it would be too dangerous.  Instead, she had a small sum of her own, some of which we used to buy food.  We went to a camping shop and used the last of Crystal’s money to buy a tiny inconspicuous tent.  We then set off to find shelter for the night.  We decided that woodland would be the best place to stay and we located a forest area on our map.  It was on a hill some miles above the town and appeared to provide perfect cover.
Carrying our heavy loads slowed our passage, but eating a wholesome meal had improved our spirits and renewed our strength.  The evening was beautiful and we were happy to take time to reach our destination.  We came to a steep valley, deep in the woods, where there was a grove of ancient yew trees.  It was very quiet and even sullen.  There was no bird song in the place and the silence was so complete that it was intimidating and made us whisper.  The dark vale was not ordinarily inviting but fulfilled our wish for a quiet undisturbed halt for the night.  Our presence there would be almost invisible even from within the coomb.  At the bottom of the wood there was a small clearing where we made our camp beside a stream.  We decided not to light any fires, having already eaten, but to go directly to sleep and rise at first light in the morning and get a long day’s travelling under our belts once we were refreshed.  Inside the tent, we could shut out the mournful gloom of the silent valley and before long we fell into a restless sleep.
Several times I awoke to the sound of animals moving outside.  I heard the rustling leaves and quiet snuffling sounds as the creatures of the night searched for food.  In that sombre quiet even the clicking of beetles in the undergrowth seemed loud.  I felt tense as I lay listening to the night.  The deep black darkness was so dense that I felt it was crushing me.  It was somehow more sinister than the tunnels had been.  I drifted back into an uneasy sleep.
Crystal woke up in the early hours and awakened me.  It was not yet light but something about her manner seemed agitated and there was urgency in her voice.
“I don’t like this place,” she whispered.  “Let’s up and go.”
“I don’t like it either.” I replied.  “It’s eerie.”
Silently, we gathered our belongings.  We did not use the torch.  Suddenly, in the distance, we heard a strange noise.  We both stopped stock still and waited but there was silence.  It could have been an animal or maybe not.  It chilled us both.
“Let’s leave the tent.  We’ll collect it later.” I whispered.
I slid out into the dark and Crystal handed out our bags.  I cautiously crept behind a nearby bush.  The air was tense and too still, as though a storm might be approaching.  Crystal followed and we flitted bush by bush and tree by tree back up to the head of the small coomb.  It was too dark in the valley to see anything, but along the ridge of the hill the night sky showed as a lighter grey behind the silhouettes of the trees.  We crouched very still and looked all around for several slow silent minutes.  The feeling of unease persisted, but it felt better out in the open where we would not be surprised.
The strange sound came again, something like the howl of a vixen, closer this time.  Suddenly, we saw them: two strange shadows on the top of the hill.  They stood quite still.  They seemed to be sniffing the air.  I nearly stopped breathing.  They stood only a few hundred yards away and they were looking down into the valley.  They moved and then disappeared.  I almost panicked but I stood my ground.  I could hear a faint movement below, in the dark, and then all went quiet for a moment.  A second later, there was a distant metallic scratching sound followed quickly by a blaze of fire.  They had set the tent alight and the valley filled with a furious but brief inferno.  We watched the two daemonic figures dancing round the blazing tent.  The flames spread their ghoulish shadows over the trees and the strange animal cries echoed through the woods, triumphant and loud.  It was ghastly but enchanting.  Crystal tugged my hand and we ran, as fast as we could, away from the terror.
We bounded through the undergrowth dragging our packs along with us.  The twigs snapped at us and brambles scratched our faces and hands, but still we kept running.  We saw the pale light of a clearing ahead and we stopped still, standing with heaving breath and pounding hearts.  There was a forest road in front of us bounded by a high laurel hedge.  Behind us, all was now silent.  We crawled into the hedge and were hidden.
“Let’s wait here ’til daybreak,” I whispered hoarsely.  
I took Crystal’s hand and felt it was hot and trembling.  I pulled her gently to the ground and we sat down back to back inside the hedge and waited and waited.  Time passed slowly.  We saw no one except the shadows of the trees and we heard nothing but the wind in the branches.  The dawn showed grey in the sky and the frightening events of the night seemed to fade away into dreams.
“I can’t stay here any longer, I’m freezing.  Let’s go,” said Crystal suddenly.
“Okay.  We’ll be safe now it’s getting light.”
A small confidence had returned with the sun and we stood up and stepped out onto the dirt road to continue our journey.
Immediately we walked out there was a sudden noise behind us: the awful call of the strange men.  We saw them at the edge of the woodland track.  They started to run towards us and we ran too, but it was no use.
“Oh, Harry!  They’re going to catch us,” cried Crystal.
“We’ll have to fight them,” I shouted back.  “Make a stand.”
We stopped, turned and stood together, panting.  I felt for Crystal’s hand.  They were around fifty yards away.   We dropped our packs and faced them as they raced towards us.  They wore tattered black robes and carried long poles.  Deep hoods shaded their faces.  We stood gripping each other’s hand.
“Wait ’til they get close and, when I say, run round, one each side.” I said in a trembling voice.
Just twenty feet to go and I opened my mouth to shout, ‘Now!’
Suddenly, they stopped.  There was absolute silence.  We stood shivering with fear but resolute, and they stood a few yards away with poles raised to strike.  I could feel tears of terror rising in my eyes.  Crystal’s hand gripped mine resolutely.  In the silence I heard the blood pumping through my head.
But something had changed them; they turned quickly and fled back down the road like a pair of frightened dogs.  We looked at each other, confused and wondering.  Spontaneously we hugged each other with relief but dare not turn away.
“Oh, Crystal!  I thought we were going to die.”
“Or worse,” she replied.
“Why did they go?”
“I don’t know, but let’s get out of here before they return.”
Again, we picked up our packs and turned to walk on but stopped still where we stood.  On the path fifty paces behind us stood two large horses surmounted by two riders who looked sternly down.  The finely dressed horsemen wore uniforms of gold and deep green.  The chestnut horses wore silken gold and green cloths beneath their saddles.  The cloths bore the symbol of the Double-Cross.  
“What now?” I whispered.  “Is this good or bad?”
“Look, the Double-Cross,” Crystal whispered back.
The riders approached slowly.
The gold horseman spoke clearly in a deep, steady voice,
“So, we have found you, and just in time.”
“Who are you?” I asked shakily.
“We are Lords of the Double-Cross,” spoke the Emerald Lord, “and we have an interest in the prize you carry with you.”
“You will be safe with us,” said his companion, the Gold Lord.  “Follow us now, from this place, before your unwanted friends return.”
So saying, he turned his horse about and walked slowly away.
Crystal looked at me.  “They seem to know a lot,” she whispered.
“We’ll have to go,” I replied resignedly.  “At least they look civilised, if somewhat out of our time.  I feel like I’ve walked into some medieval dream.”
The Emerald Lord dismounted and signalled to me to walk ahead of him.  He bade Crystal to ride in the saddle as he took the reins to lead the great horse on.
“You know how to handle even this great horse, I think.”
There was little alternative but to do as requested by these strange folk.  The terror of the night was still fresh in my mind and here seemed, at least, to be a safe passage away from our unknown aggressors.  The size and strength of the horses and the bearing of the men bred confidence and security.  Also, there was a fascination.  Who were these people?  How did they know where we were?  What was the significance of the Double-Cross?  Where would they take us?  All of these questions filled my mind in the minutes after we met the horsemen.
Our small band on the forest track seemed mysteriously ancient.  The silence of the woods removed all thoughts of modern life from my mind.  The noble horses and finely dressed Lords all walking together along the mossy way, surrounded by the dripping misty trees, were like a picture from a romantic childhood story.  The fluting lazy late summer song of the birds combined with the earthy smell of approaching autumn in the air to lead us into a dream-like unreality.  We accepted our new companions as saviours from we knew not what.  I had the strange feeling that there was some larger play being enacted of which I was just a part.  Yet I had also become aware that this step into a new history was also linked to the magic of Mythras and the white crystal.  It seemed as if we were travelling backward through time into an old and different future.  I looked about me at the passing trees and they almost seemed to be watching us.  The Emerald Lord caught my eye and began to recite a poem.  His deep bass voice was as reassuring as the words were beautiful.

In the Forest
Reach for me
A fine tree
And hold it in your eye.
Dark and free,
A pine tree:
Sharp silhouette against the sky.
The wind plays with breezes
On the branches
While the sun ignites their colours
With fiery glances.
Luxuries of beech woods
Fill the earth up to the sky.
Like chameleons of the seasons,
Their fables filled with reasons;
They are the truth,
They never lie.
But when the winter freezes,
Cold and ghostly skeletons
Haunt the forest floor.
Despite that death exterior,
Their hearts are warm
With life suspended in the core;
The voices whisper sleeping
Where in their dreams
Is time just barely creeping.
On this late summer morning
I see the leaves
Making patterns in my mind:
An ecstasy of movement,
Shivering pictures of liquid beauty,
Shattered mirrors’ sharpened splinters
Like icicles of forgotten winters
Now warmly dancing in the sky.
Come reach with me
So fine a tree,
Nature’s glory in your eye.

“I love the words and I see you love the words also,” he said and then the Emerald Lord fell silent.  It was true that something about the poem had filled me with a new hope.  Only a good man and true would hold such things sacred.
The party moved on ahead steadily and quietly, accompanied by the soft footfall of the horses’ hooves in the leaf mould and the forest sounds of bird, wind and stream.  The path took us upwards towards the hilly crown of the woods.  In my reverie, I walked contentedly.  It seemed to me that reality had become a dream.  Within me, I felt these men could be trusted, at least for now.
After a while, Crystal spoke.
“Where are we going?”
“To a safe place.  You must know that you have inadvertently put yourselves in danger.  We have found you but you must not be followed any more.  You have seen the Follower?” asked the Gold Lord.
“Were those two ‘followers’?” I asked.
“No,” replied the Emerald Lord, “they were not so dangerous, little more than local villains.  The Follower is not so forward in his ways.”
“Yes,” I replied.  “We have seen the shadow of the Follower.  But not since we left the Big City.”
“That is good,” said the Emerald Lord.  “I think that you left by an ancient way of which even he is unaware.  You must trust in us for now, that is all we ask.”
“How do we know that we can trust you?” asked Crystal.
The Gold Lord drew his horse back alongside hers and scrutinised her face.  Then he said: “You do not have to know someone to trust them.”
I heard Crystal draw breath.  The Gold Lord continued:
“You cannot know to trust us.  Trust is not gained in so short a while.  We have travelled many miles to find your companion and bring him to safety.  I admit we were not looking for two.  To us, it is perhaps rather the case of whether we can trust you.  We do not expect you to trust us, but by our actions and words we will endeavour to show we are honest, open and true.  Should you need to do so, you must judge us but that may not help you.  You are travellers on a journey, foolish, young and brave, but we can offer safe passage in a dangerous land.  We cannot give you trust but I will say to you now, that if you wish to go on alone, then, much as it would grieve me, you may do so.  Understand that if you did do so, we are obliged by our oath to do all we can to protect you and we will still be there, in the distance, as we have been these past days, watching over you.”
The horseman looked on towards the summit that we were approaching and then spoke again.
“There is also another matter.  There is one who wishes to speak with your companion.”
“Who?” I enquired simply.
“You may feel you know him already, but you do not.  His name is Dr. Wolfe.”
I shrugged.  “I don’t know that name.”
“I have heard him called by other names – Mythras.”
“The magician!” I cried.
“No, not the same one you may have in mind.  The name of Mythras is just a title.  But we will not speak of him more in this place; it may not be safe to do so.  Our unwelcome companions know where we are so we can assume the Follower also knows we are here.”
So saying, the Gold Lord rode ahead again and the party climbed the final slope, to a clearing on the top of the forest.  There, an outcrop of rock had prevented the trees from taking purchase.  That windy place commanded a view around the compass, from the sea in the distance behind us, to the mountains ahead.  They were much closer now and towered on the horizon.  The great slopes rose up, rank upon rank of wooded foothills, through bare escarpments and beyond, to the snow covered peaks that lay glistening in the sun.
Looking out, we traced the whole of our journey, from the distant grey smudge that was the Big City, through the shimmering flat marshes, across the low level woods, past the town and into the forest below us.  I gazed out to the distant light that was the sea but could not find my island home; it was lost to view.  I wondered when and how I would ever return there.
“We will stop here and breakfast,” said the Emerald Lord and he unpacked a saddlebag containing food and drink.  “You have travelled well and much of the journey is complete.”
A cold wind was sweeping across the hills from the distant mountains and, after eating, we returned gratefully to the shelter of the trees.  We travelled on seldom used paths but the horses picked their way carefully over the stones and undergrowth.  The day passed quietly as we journeyed on, deep in thought.  The Gold Lord rarely spoke and passed most of the time in silence.  The Emerald Lord seemed freer of mind and talked for a while, pointing out some of the features of the place.  After a lull, he began to chant a ballad of great length and beauty.  It seemed very old and the tune was at once strange and yet familiar.  The rhythm fitted the easy pace of the horses.  I can only recall a few verses now.  The tale was of a minstrel who sailed across the sea and met a princess but, although they fell in love, they had to part and go their separate ways.
If not for the strangeness of the circumstance, the walk was beautiful.  The forest was extensive and vista after vista opened before each ridge, as we climbed slowly towards the towering hills.
The only people we met were the shepherds we passed as they lead their sheep and goats to the winter grazing.  The two lords would always make way for the shepherds and they in their turn would bid us good day.  It struck me that the two lords did not appear to be strangers to these people.  The shepherds would give Crystal and me a straight long stare as they passed, but made no comment.  Eventually, we came to a long wall that climbed over the hills and out of sight.  It seemed incongruous after travelling so many miles without any sign of man’s endeavours.  The party followed the wall around to a track way and a gate.  Standing by the gate was an old man dressed in white.  He came forward to speak to the Gold Lord.
“Welcome, friend,” he said in a firm voice as the great horseman dismounted.  The two men shook hands and a flicker of a smile crossed their faces.
“This is Dr. Wolfe,” said the Gold Lord.
Then the old man turned to me and spoke again,
“Welcome to Erebos, we have waited long to meet you.”
He held out his hand and the firmness of his grip surprised me.
“Good evening.” I replied timidly.
Crystal looked down from her mount.  I saw a look of suspicion in her face.  The old man ignored her and turned towards the house.  I saw a surprised look on the Emerald Lord’s face.  I think if I had not been there that Crystal might have ridden off at that moment.
We walked through the gateway and into the courtyard of an old house.  The gates closed behind us and were locked.  We left the horses in the care of a groom.  Rooks crowed from the massive squat cedar trees that grew beside a sloping lawn.  Two cats, one black, one white, strolled beneath the tower walls.  I looked up at the stony heights of the ancient house.  The great building exuded strength and confidence in the certainty of its many years.  We entered across a stone floor through wood panelled halls.
“You will be shown to your rooms and, when you are refreshed, I would wish to talk with you in the ʼdrawing room,” Dr. Wolfe spoke in an eloquent voice, indicating a large leather covered door beside him.
A youth and a girl appeared and, with a courteous gesture, requested our packs.  I refused politely and Crystal followed my example.  The two servants indicated a staircase and we followed them to an upper level where the girl ushered Crystal one way and I went the other.  We both wanted to remain together but there was a certain insistence in the gestures of our stewards.
“See you in a minute,” I said to Crystal as we went our separate ways but she remained unusually silent.
My room was sumptuous and grand, but not at all comfortable.  It consisted of a suite of rooms that could have contained a modest house within them.  There was a bathroom, a living room and a bedroom, all of extravagant proportions.  Gold and crimson decoration and polished walnut cabinetry was everywhere in the furnishings.  I had never seen so grand a place; to me it was a palace and everything within it seemed to be as old as the building that contained it.
Despite what the Gold Lord had told us on the journey and the courtesy that he showed us, I felt somehow trapped.  I had no idea where I was.  Strangers, without real names, surrounded me.  I could not tell what the future held.  However, I felt dirty from many days of travel and I needed to refresh myself.  I had not washed properly since leaving home and the dust and tiredness of the long journey was uncomfortable.  I put my luggage carefully into the furthest nook of one of the cabinets and went into the bathroom.  I ran a full, hot bath and enjoyed a glorious and relaxing soak in the cleansing water.  I had already found a change of clothes laid out for me and took advantage of the offering.  The fit was not perfect, being for a stouter figure than my own, but the effect was generally pleasing.  The clothes appeared old fashioned to my eyes but were neither formal nor casual.  I transferred my few precious possessions into the pockets and ventured to the door.
I walked stealthily along the corridor toward the place where I thought Crystal was staying and quietly tried to open the doors.  The third door was not locked and I entered a room like the one I had just left, but opposite both in form and furnishing.  I called out quietly,
“Crystal,” but heard no reply.
The room was very modern in style and all the furnishings were in black, white, grey and pink.  I ventured to the bedroom door and stole quietly into the room.  Crystal was there, unkempt, scruffy, dirty and dressed just as she had been on entering the house.  She hadn’t even taken off her shoes.  She was fast asleep on the bed, hugging her ragged backpack.  She seemed vulnerable, young and still beautiful.
Gently, I laid my hand on her shoulder and tried to waken her.  She opened her eyes and looked up at me.  She seemed bemused, at first, but the familiar light soon returned to her face.  She rose up on one elbow and smiled quizzically at me.
“You look just like one of them,” she said and laughed.  
I had forgotten my clothes and felt ashamed, as though I had somehow let her down.  She swung off the bed and stood up stretching.
“You’re right,” she yawned.  “Let’s see what they’ve left me.  A proper little lady I’ll look.  I hate fancy dresses,” and she picked up a pretty dress and held it up to herself.  “I think I’ll need a belt on that!”
It was my turn to laugh.  She stood with her ragged trousers hanging below the dress and smiled.  She looked an angel and a tomboy all rolled into one.  I left her to her ablutions and waited in the living room.  I looked around and found books and maps on the shelves.  Excitedly, I opened the maps on the floor.  I found Erebos marked and felt relieved that at least this was a real place.  There was no satisfaction in being lost, even in so grand a house as this.  While Crystal was engaged in the other room, I managed to trace our journey across four maps.  The long passage from the island of Suidhe, across to the Big City already seemed like a distant dream.  I followed on through the marshes and woodlands up to the foothills of the Snowy Mountains, where Erebos lay and wondered how we would come out of this place.
The delicate lady that emerged from the bedroom did not appear to me to be the same familiar person who I had seen a short while before.  It was as though a butterfly had broken out from a chrysalis.  I sat on the floor and stared, probably rudely, at the elegant creature that stood before me.  I felt a sudden sense of pride in my companion and Crystal did a small pirouette to show off for me.
“You might not like dresses but dresses like you,” I said.  “You look gorgeous,” and she laughed for the first time that day.
“Typical bloke,” she replied but I could see she was pleased at the compliment.
Nobody had interrupted us, but from below, in the hall, came the sound of a gong.  I realised, after a moment of wondering, it was the call to dinner.  I quickly folded the maps, which I took back to my room to put in my pack, and we descended the stairs together.
The two Lords awaited us and showed us into the dining hall where a great table lay spread with a feast.  Three of the chairs were already occupied.  Dr. Wolfe and two other Lords stood as we entered and servants showed us to seats on either side of the old man.  Two waiters appeared and the meal commenced.  Dr. Wolfe and the lords were charming and made polite conversation while we ate.  They asked me many questions concerning Suidhe and listened with interest to all I told them about the place.  However, I did not tell them of my adventures on Sgurr-Cavan, or the subsequent journeys that brought me to their table.  Crystal, in her turn, told them of her father’s farm in the Heartland.  She ended by telling them that she would return there soon to help her father in his hour of need.
“That is an honourable plan, I think,” said Dr. Wolfe.  “Yes, you must go soon, of course.”
The other Lords all agreed and pledged their assistance when the need arose, but Crystal said simply,
“That is kind, but I do not need help, only freedom.”
A moment of silence passed.  We had finished our meal, and the conversation closed.  Dr. Wolfe stood and spoke.
“Now, my friends, we must all take our rest, for we are all tired.  Tomorrow, we have some business to pursue between us; then our guests may return safely to their homes.  We will weigh their burdens for them and our world will be safe.”
So saying, he turned and walked to the door followed by two of the Lords.  The three bowed their heads in unison and said ‘goodnight,’ before leaving the chamber.  The Gold Lord and the Emerald Lord accompanied us to the stairs and bade us sleep soundly and safely.  Crystal and I returned upstairs.  At the top of the stairs Crystal turned to me and whispered.
“Should we stay in different rooms?  I don’t feel safe in this place.”
“We’ll let everyone go to bed and then I’ll come and find you,” I replied.  “It’s still early, we may as well get some rest for a few hours.”
 We retired to our chambers.  I felt tired and satiated.  Night clothes had been laid out on the bed.  I lay on the bed, with a feeling of relief for the comfort it afforded, but with a deepening suspicion of Dr. Wolfe.  Was he not trying too hard to be friendly?  What did he really want, and why?  Had not Mythras the Magician of old been a bad man at heart and how was this new Mythras different?  They seemed from the same mould to me.
Far into the night I awoke.  The great house was cool in the darkness.  The changing of the seasons had brewed more storms across the mountains.  I got up, went to the window and looked out into the night.  Lightning flashed in the distance and the folds of the hills reverberated with the faint but distinct sound of thunder.  Rain worried the window glass, dulling the vision.  A feeling of extreme emptiness filled my head as I looked out.  The mountains were still a wild place, untamed by mankind.  Somehow, the feeling of wildness penetrated the thick walls of Erebos and made me feel uneasy.  The mountains had a life of their own and did not heed mortal men.  Erebos was not a welcome intruder.
It was late and the house was silent.  I decided to see if Crystal was also awake and went to the door.  I turned the handle but it would not open; the door was locked.  I felt angry and worried, but there was nothing I could do to open it, so I returned to the window.  I heard another sound coming from outside in the night and it made my heart stop.  It was the call of an animal not unlike a wolf, the same sound we had heard from the creatures who burnt our tent in the yew wood.  Were they roaming through the night outside Erebos?  The awful howling cry came again and filled the night air from somewhere in the woods.  The sound seemed quite close but then there was silence.  I stood in the dark waiting for something more, but all remained quiet.  I shivered as I remembered the fire in the coomb.  The memory almost made me pleased that the door was locked.  
There was nothing I could do to get to Crystal that night.  But I had no reason to suspect she was in any more danger than I was in this house.  I returned to bed, where I slept fitfully until the morning light awoke me.


Chapter Eight – The Snowy Mountains

Immediately I awoke, I went to the door.  It was unlocked.  I went along to Crystal’s room and knocked gently before trying her door.  It opened without difficulty.  Crystal was standing looking apprehensive.  A look of relief spread across her face as I came in.
“I’m sorry,” I said.  “My door was locked.  I couldn’t come around.”
“No worry.  We won’t make that mistake a second time,” she answered.
Just then the gong sounded summoning us to an early breakfast.
 “We must see what they want today but we will find a moment to plan something,” I said and she nodded as we went to the stairs.
The pattern established the previous evening continued on Friday morning.  Our hosts were formal and polite.  The party enjoyed a good breakfast followed by a tour of Erebos and the grounds.  
Out on the lawns we were escorted by the Emerald Lord.
“Last night I heard wolves, or something very like wolves,” said Crystal.
“There are indeed wolves in the hills, but they are not dangerous, unless you are a sheep!” he replied.
“But they sounded like the men you rescued us from,” she persisted.
“Ah.  I see your point.  I do not think you need fear those here.  No, the sounds you heard are more likely real wolves.  I would rather meet a real wolf myself.  You really need not concern yourself unless, of course, you were planning to walk out in the night?”
Crystal caught my eye but made no reply.
All morning we were chaperoned.  It was clear these people did not intend to leave us alone together for a minute. But just before lunch Crystal excused herself.  When we sat down she dropped a note into my lap unnoticed.  I put it in my pocket for later.
Dr. Wolfe called me aside after lunch and showed me into his study, shutting the door behind us.  He bade me sit on a chair beside his desk while he paced around the room.  I began to feel nervous on my own.
“Harry, I am very glad that I have found you.  I know we will get along well.  Don’t you agree?” he asked.
“Yes, I suppose...” I hesitated.  
Dr. Wolfe ignored me and continued but his voice took on a strange air of obsession as he spoke, as a man possessed.  I felt scared by him but determined not to show it any further.
“You know what you have that interests me.  But I do not think that you know what it can do, what it means.  We have to protect our world, Harry.  That is the aim of the Council of the Elders and so they have placed on me the task of caring for the stone that you possess and making it safe.  You see, Harry, as long as you have this thing you will be followed by many strangers until one of them obtains this precious stone.  Year after year they will follow you until one dark night, all alone...  well you have seen it already,” and his words made me immediately suspicious.  Had he hired the wolf men?  He continued. “I think you will see that it is the good thing to do, to let me have the white crystal.  I can take the burden from your shoulders and then you will be able to live in peace again.  Is that not so, Harry?”
“Yes, well, maybe,” I answered unwillingly.
“Now, may I see this famous gemstone please?”
“I will show you the white crystal,” I said hoarsely and then stopped.  I gathered all my nerve to continue, I knew this was a critical moment and my voice came out stronger and clearer than I could have imagined as I gripped the pouch in my pocket, “I will show you the crystal because you could always take it from me if you wished, that is clear.  But, before I do, can you show me that you are indeed what you say you are and can you also show me where you will keep the crystal, so I know it will be safe?  Then perhaps we can discuss the value of this precious stone to you… and to me.”
Dr. Wolfe seemed surprised and annoyed that I had answered him back.  He spoke curtly.
“This is a safe place, Harry, as you have seen.  It is much stronger than you realise.  But, you are the keeper.  It is your destiny to know the secret of Erebos and you will also see the place where the stone will be kept.  You will understand that it is a safe haven.  As to my honesty, I cannot prove that so well, but I ask you to consider your own words.  Indeed, I could easily take the stone if I so wished but I have not done so.  Far from it, I have arranged your rescue from certain disaster and safe passage through dangerous lands.  I have already shown that I have your interest at heart.  Does this not show me in my true light?  This is a lonely place and you are far from home, but you can trust me.  As for your recompense, I would not stoop so low as to discuss it.  But rest assured you will not be wanting in that regard.  Now let us go.  I will show you the secret of Erebos that no other mortal man has witnessed in this generation.”
Dr. Wolfe turned and beckoned me to follow.  I thought of running out, but I was curious to see the secret, so I followed him.  As I walked past the desk, I looked down and saw an old coin resting on a tray.  Dr. Wolfe was already by the bookcase; I reached out and quickly took the coin.  I slid it into my pocket and continued to follow the old man.  He opened a hidden door in the bookcase and we entered a passage that led to a stairway.  Moments later, I was walking swiftly along the spiral tunnel that went down to the old mines beneath Erebos.  The air was stifling.  The atmosphere was full of tension.  Through the second door, sulphur fumes stung my eyes and dried my throat until it felt raw.  The sound of what lay ahead obliterated thought and throbbed in my head, on the edge of pain.  But I could not turn back.  The effect was magnetic and drew me on as surely as any nightmare.
Minutes later, we entered the great chamber and the intense heat from the molten rock that glowed within engulfed us.  The ruddy light reflected on the face of the old man and glinted from his skin and hair.  He appeared daemonic, standing in that awful cavern.  The air was full of sound: steam hissed and spat as, far below, the grumbling, slow voice of molten rock aboil, growled through the lurid light.  We approached a deep glowering well that lay between the flares and vapours.  Even Dr. Wolfe was belittled by the slow violence of the power that had been tapped.  New beds of glowing embers covered the floors and walls of the cavern and danger filled the air.
I walked unwillingly towards the railings where the old man stood gazing.  The heat was intense and the acrid air burnt my lungs.  He turned to me and his ancient eyes were blazing coals reflecting the boiling red rock.  He radiated a new excitement.  I could see his pulse beating fast beneath his temples as the sweat glistened across his forehead.  He was on the verge of control.
“This great place,” he shouted majestically, lifting his arms, “is the source of my power!”
He waved about the chamber as he spoke.  It was at that moment that I decided he was probably mad, like his predecessor before him.  He put his hand out and drew me towards him.  I shivered involuntarily.  The heat was insufferable, yet his tight fingers felt as cold and hard as ice on my shoulders.  Then he spoke firmly but distinctly above the pulsating roar of the cavern.
“And this is the place where my white crystal will live.  See, all is prepared,” and his long bony finger pointed to a rock pillar that rose from the centre of the molten rock pool.  It appeared to be a crystal pillar, about six feet high.  I immediately thought of the story of Mythras and the Great Storm on Suidhe when the strange pillar had appeared and disappeared.  Could this be the same pillar?
“No mortal man will ever take it from that place.  Where is it, boy?  Come let us do this great thing together, now!”
“I don’t have it here,” I cried, alarmed and tried to loosen his grip.  I could see no way to reach the pillar and survive.
He seemed angry for an instant but then he calmed and said, spitting out the words:
“Of course not, of course not.  Then let us go and I will come and take the burden tonight, after the others have retired.  We need not worry them with our troubles, few must ever know of this secret.  Tonight, at midnight, you and I will return here, for the last time, together.”
The old man turned and walked quickly towards the entrance to the chamber.  He paid me no heed but I was not going to stay there a moment longer.  I followed him as he strode back up the passageways and to the house.  I felt flushed and dirty after our visit to the underworld.  In the study, Dr. Wolfe was going to speak to me again, but there was a knock at the door and the Gold Lord entered.  He seemed disturbed when he saw me and I began to realise that something was wrong between them.  I quickly excused myself and returned to the ‘drawing room where Crystal was waiting.  I must have looked strange, for she ran to me.
“Harry, whatever’s happened?” she cried and tugged me through the door, shutting it behind us.  I was shaking and sweat soaked my clothes.  In the mirror over the fireplace, I could see my reddened eyes staring out.  My voice was hoarse and I could hardly speak.  Crystal found me some water; I sat down and briefly told her about the secret of Erebos and how Dr. Wolfe had been so strange and evil in the awful cavern.
“We must escape from here,” I said.  “He’s coming for me tonight at midnight, to get the stone.  I don’t think he knows about yours.  I want you to look after my crystal until we get out of here.  It will be dangerous if they find out.  Will you do it?”
“Of course, I’ll put them together in the box.  They belong together,” she replied.
I took the crystal out and the coin fell out of my pocket.  I picked it up and looked at the date: ‘1853’.
“Put this with them,” I said.  “Maybe it will bring us luck,” and I gave the stone and the coin to Crystal.
The evening was approaching and we returned to our rooms.  There was no sign of the others, but we heard raised voices in the study as we passed.  The Gold Lord and Dr. Wolfe were clearly having a disagreement.
“If they are arguing we can probably have some time to ourselves,” I whispered.  “Let’s go upstairs and make that plan.”
In my rooms I shut the door behind us.  Remembering the note that Crystal had secretly given me, I pulled it out and was surprised to read:
‘Do not go into his study’ and I looked at her but she remained grim and silent.
“What do you know, Crystal?”
“I went in there when you were all together.  It was just a feeling.  I can’t explain but it was like, evil in there.”
I caught her eye for a long moment, but there was nothing more to be said about it now.
“Let’s look at these,” I said, going to my bag to get the maps. “Someone’s been through this.  I suppose I should have expected that.  Well, they might have been surprised to see all that money!  I don’t think anything’s been taken, but then we know what they were looking for.”
The maps were still there and we laid them out on the floor.
“I think we should go up here into the mountains,” suggested Crystal, “That’s the last place they’ll expect to find us.”
“Look there’s a path marked from the corner of the woods behind the house,” I pointed it out, “We’ll try that.  Gives us plenty of cover until we are well away.”
“That way we can join up with this trail,” Crystal’s voice sounded bright again as her finger followed it across the sheet.  “It leads across the mountain ranges down towards the plains and the farms in the Heartland.  That’s the best way to go.”
“It’s a long way.  We’ll need some food.  I’ll guess we can find water.  But I’m with you,” I agreed, but I was far from sure.
We both knew it would be a long and dangerous journey but it offered a chance of escape.  I sat back thinking it through.
“What are you thinking about?” asked Crystal, looking at me.  “Don’t tell me.  I know,” she continued.  “Wolves.  I’ve been thinking about those too.  I don’t know why, but I think that the Emerald Lord was telling the truth.  Not that I want to meet a wolf in the night!  Anyway, we have no choice, we’ve got to get out of here.”
“We’ll pack our things and be ready to leave in a hurry,” I said.  “We must put some provisions in our packs.  You see what you can find in the kitchens and I will search for rope and more matches, before they come looking for us again.”
Together we went out and found the back stairs to the kitchens.  We heard men’s voices inside.  There were pantries in the passage but we had to pass the open door to reach them.  
“Wait here.  I’ll get their attention and keep them busy,” Crystal whispered, “you get the stuff.  Here’s the bag.”
She loosened her blouse, pushed back her hair and undid some of the buttons down the front of the long plaid skirt she was wearing and winked at me.  I waited as Crystal minced casually into the room.  There were three men sat round a table playing cards.  They all looked up as she entered and Crystal smiled warmly at them.  She took a stool and placing it well away from the open door, shook back her hair and carefully arranged herself on the stool so they would get a favourable view.  Those short swarthy men were completely snared by this tall, pale and beautiful young creature.  She started talking and laughing even though she had no idea if they could understand her.  She was sure they would understand the universal language she was presenting with her body.
“I just had to come and thank you for all the glorious food …” she began.
I darted silently past the door and crept into the pantries.  I took cheese, dried meat, biscuits and tins of sardines.  I also found a couple of knives and a spoon.  Two minutes later I was out again and could hear Crystal’s bright voice talking absolute nonsense in the kitchen.  I slid past the door just in time to see one of the men getting up to move towards Crystal.  I kept on going back up to her room and waited.
Two minutes later, looking flushed and a little excited, Crystal burst in.
“That was close.  I don’t think they understand a word I was saying,” she exclaimed.  “They don’t have a sense of humour either, I would guess.”
“But they do like beautiful girls!” I added and Crystal looked demure as she buttoned up her clothes again.
“Yes, but you should have seen the look on the maid’s face when she walked in.  If looks could kill, I’d be dead.  She sussed me straight off.  She’ll be on her guard now.  Probably a good thing we’re going!”
We hid both our packs in Crystal’s room and donned coats to go in search of rope.  Daring the back stairs one more time, we slid out of the servant’s door and headed round to the stable yard.
“Horses,” whispered Crystal, “why don’t we?”
“No, I couldn’t.  Anyway, it will be dark out there.”
She looked disappointed but nodded.  In one of the tack rooms we found ropes, candles and matches.  We were on our way back when we heard a voice calling.  
“We’ve been missed,” I whispered.  “You go back round to the front door and I’ll take this up the back way and come down the front.”
I rushed up stairs and stashed the bag under the bed.  Then I took a piece of twig and jammed it into Crystal’s door lock to block it.  Two minutes later I was walking down the stairs just in time to hear Crystal praising the horses.
We both went back up and quickly finished our packing.  We split the food, had a rope apiece and hid the packs deep in a cupboard.  Finally, I took back my crystal from her box.
“Harry,” Crystal stopped.
“Yes,” something in her voice caught my attention.
“Harry, if we don’t make it tonight I just wanted you to know something.”
“Of course we’ll make it,” I interrupted and then wished I wasn’t so clumsy.
“It’s just that I wanted you to have something to remember me by.  Here...” she held out her hand to give me a small brooch shaped like a fish.
“You mustn’t give me this.  It must be precious.”
“No, I want you to have it.  Then, if we get parted, you can keep it to remember me by,” and she gently took my hand, laid the brooch in the palm and then closed my fingers over it.  “Keep it.  Don’t ever forget.”
“I won’t forget; how could I forget you?  I promise.”
Still holding my hand, she kissed me gently on the cheek, like a sister might kiss a brother.  I felt the air quiver between us.  Just then the dinner gong sounded for six o’clock and we descended to our last supper at Erebos.
The table was as before and, much to my surprise, there was no sign of the afternoon’s events in Dr. Wolfe’s behaviour.  He was kind, considerate and even jovial, as though nothing had happened between us.  If the argument with the Gold Lord had meant anything, it was gone now, or so it seemed at first.  Crystal looked bright and radiant and quite put off her previous quiet.  The Emerald Lord smiled at us both and seemed pleased with this improvement.  The Gold Lord was polite but more than once I caught him looking earnestly at me and Dr. Wolfe.
Dr. Wolfe spoke at the end of the meal and the result of the argument with the Gold Lord became clear.  Only I knew that Dr. Wolfe had other plans.
“I trust you will remain as our guests for another day?  Then, perhaps, you will continue your journey with my companions, the Gold Lord and the Emerald Lord.  They would consider it an honour to be of assistance.  They know the country well and will show you the safest routes to your destinations.”
“Yes, we will travel on before long,” Crystal replied.  I looked across at her and our eyes met.  Even then I felt tension mounting in me, but was determined not to let it show. 
We went up to our rooms as early as we could, accompanied by the silent servants, who always seemed to look at us suspiciously.  Tonight, the maid stared at Crystal with dagger eyes.  We both knew she was suspicious but there was no helping that now.
This time I set a chair next to my door and sat on it to wait.  I waited for a long time, listening at my door, before I went to venture out and go to Crystal’s room but, to my horror, I could not open it.  They had silently locked the door, but how I couldn’t tell.  I had heard nothing, not so much as a click.  I was trapped.  Why hadn’t I blocked that lock too?
“Nunce!” I exclaimed.  I knew that I had to get out before the old man came for me and took me down to the fearful furnaces below.  I looked out of all the windows but they all opened onto vertical walls and I could not escape from any of them.  None of the cupboards contained a way out, nor were there any hatches in the ceiling.  I sat on the edge of the settee, in the sitting room, with my head in my hands.  I could not see any way out.  The clock on the mantelpiece chimed eleven and I looked up.  I only had one hour in which to escape.  Suddenly, a thought struck me: maybe the answer was right in front of my eyes.  I crossed the room to the large ornate fireplace and peered behind the screen.  It was indeed a large flue, although how I could climb it or whether I would be able to escape from the top, I could not determine.
I took a pillowcase and made it into a balaclava hat to protect my face and eyes.  I found, in a drawer, a pair of leather gloves that would protect my hands.  Still wearing my fine clothes I crawled into the claustrophobic fireplace and tried the climb.  My first attempt failed because I could not grip the sides of the flue with my feet.  I removed my shoes and socks and slung them by their laces from my belt and tried again.  I was able to grip between the courses of bricks with my fingers and toes, and by wedging my back against the side of the flue I could slowly scrape my way skyward.  The chimney was filthy and the pungent smell of soot and damp filled my nostrils, but the makeshift hat was effective in keeping the worst of it off my face.  The flue became narrower towards the top but I managed to push my way up.  I knew one false move and I would crash to the bottom and all would be lost.  My limbs ached and trembled from the exertion of the climb and I struggled to find a toehold to support myself at the top.  The chimney had no pot but a gaping square brick stack with slanted holes made in the side for draught.  I dislodged some loose bricks from one side and pushed a hole through.  All the time the strain on my limbs to support my weight by pressing back against the stack was becoming more painful and desperate.  The bricks fell with a rumbling crash and I froze at the loud report, but no other sounds followed, and I continued to enlarge the hole until I could reach through and carefully let the bricks down.  Eventually, it was big enough to crawl through.
I looked over the edge in the semi-dark and saw a large, flat, lead-covered roof with perhaps twenty similar stacks emerging from it.  I sighed in relief at my good fortune in finding a flat roof.  It took the last of my strength to crawl through the hole and tumble down the outside.  I lay still for a minute, unable to move my aching legs enough to raise myself.   In the distance I heard a clock strike the half hour and I forced myself to get up to look about.  There was a higher roof above on both sides and a stairwell that led to a small doorway.  The door had no keyhole but was bolted and I concluded that it could only be opened from within.  Returning to the roof, I counted the chimneys across from where I had emerged and then called softly down the third one.  I prayed that this would be Crystal’s chimney.  
“Chrissy,” I hissed, “Chrissy, go to the fireplace.”
But there was no reply.  I called again.  My voice sounded too loud in the night.  There was still no reply, so I dropped a piece of stone down the chimney.  It fell with a clatter into the fireplace below.  I called for a third time.
“Chrissy.  Oh, please hear me.  Chrissy...”
I listened.  There was only silence at first, but then I heard a scraping sound below.  The fire screen moved and the sound of Crystal’s surprised voice called up to me.
“Where are you?”
“Find the doorway to the roof, it must be at the top of the next flight of stairs, and unbolt it, I’ll be waiting.”
“I’m on my way,” she replied.
Moments later, we stood face to face at the top of the stairs, in the dark.  I noticed that she had changed back into her old clothes.  It was reassuring to have the real Crystal back again.  We tiptoed back to her room to make our escape.  I wedged the door shut and stood for a moment in silence, listening for any following footsteps, but heard none.  Crystal silently laughed when she saw me in the light.  Soot and dirt covered my clothes and I still had the pillowcase over my head.  I brushed myself down and washed my hands quickly before grabbing our packs and joining Crystal in the sitting room.  The clock was showing a quarter to midnight and in fifteen minutes or less Dr. Wolfe would discover that I was missing.
Unlike mine, her bedroom had a small stone balcony and I tied the rope, which I had knotted earlier, to the balustrade.  Crystal went down first, disappearing into the darkness below.  I could not see her but the rope went slack and then jerked twice.  I pulled up the rope and tied on the backpacks.  These I lowered, one at a time.  It seemed to take forever to tie and untie the knots.  I kept looking behind me at the door.  Suppose Dr. Wolfe was early?  At last I was ready to climb down myself.  My hands and feet were already sore and blistered from climbing the chimney, so the rope, which was a little thin, cut painfully into my skin.  I dropped down the last four feet to land beside my friend.  We were on our way to freedom and it was just five to midnight.
I sat down and slipped on my socks and shoes and gathered up our packs.  My raw hands and swollen feet slowed my progress.  Finally, we were ready.  Somewhere, inside the great house, a clock began to strike midnight.  What happened next terrified us both with its shock and surprise.  There was an ear splitting crack.  We both dropped to the ground.  There followed a deep and thunderous rumble from somewhere far below us.  I felt the ground move beneath me and I jumped up and pulled Crystal away from the house.  The earth was shivering violently and, from above, the balustrade crashed to the ground crushing the rope beneath it, just at the spot where we had been crouching.  A frightening silence filled the air.  The tremor had passed.  The earth held its breath.  We stood momentarily stunned and fixed to the spot.  Then Crystal grabbed my hand and dragged me away from the place.
“This way, let’s go,” she called hoarsely.
We turned and ran as fast as we could, across the lawns, to the wall.  My heart pounded in panic.  Behind us, in the house, came the sound of shouting and commotion.  We scrambled over the wall and ran into the woods behind the house, towards the path that led up into the mountains.  Somewhere ahead, I heard a wolf cry out in the night.

*****
While Harry was descending the rope from the balustrade to the ground, Dr. Wolfe was deep beneath the house, in the old mines, checking his preparations.  The old man had planned to leave the house that night and knew that he would probably not return.  He threw the last boxes of papers and books into the smouldering cauldron of molten rock.  The fires of Erebos consumed many volumes and studies that night.  Dr. Wolfe no longer needed them.  The white crystal was almost in his possession and with it he would receive the knowledge he had been seeking all his life.  He thought he would be able to move into a different time, to infiltrate any place in history unseen, unknown: welcome or unwelcome.  He planned to influence the world as a shaman, to become a mystery force no one could stop.  But if Dr. Wolfe had understood the magic of the stone, he would not have been so eager to possess it.
Dr. Wolfe knew that Harry had the white crystal and he had guessed that he kept it with him.  At first he thought he would take it by force.  But the Gold Lord was suspicious.  He had to be careful.  There must be no trace.  He had a bottle of camphor ready to silence the boy in his room.  The old magician would take the stone and bring the boy down to the molten pit.  He knew he needed the spell, the magic words that had been lost.  It was this, not just the crystal that the boy possessed.  It would not take long to get the spoken spell from Harry here, tonight.  No-one could defy the terror of being hung from the pulpit over that appalling molten lake for long.  Once he had what he wanted he could just let the boy drop into the lava and be consumed; there would be no trace of him left.  Dr. Wolfe could then use the crystal to leave Erebos.  By dawn he would already be many miles away unseen and maybe years away, too.  He intended to go to the Council of the Elders and secretly to discover the source of their power.  He could infiltrate the chambers of power, wherever they were to be found.  Dr. Wolfe would become Sicarius Mythras at last.  He trembled with excitement as he thought of the future.  He was old but now, he could live forever.
With his task completed, Dr. Wolfe ascended to the house, and went up to Harry’s room.  He had the key in his hand ready to unlock the door.  It was turning twelve o’clock; he stood outside the room and, just for a moment, he hesitated.  As the great tower clock struck the first chime of midnight, a cracking sound as loud as a thunderbolt filled the air.  It came from beneath the house.  This was not part of his plan.  His heart stopped for a second, then he turned and ran down the stairs towards the mines.  He had left the doors open to take the boy through.  They must be closed.  The ground beneath him began to shiver as he ran into the tunnel.  The door behind him crashed shut.  A roaring like thunder echoed along the corridors; the sound hurt his ears.  The walls moved and rocks cracked in jagged lines above his head.  He turned and ran back to the door but he could not move it.  There was no escape.  A glowing mass of choking sulphurous smoke billowed along the tunnel towards him and Dr. Wolfe cowered in the corner.  He held his breath and closed his eyes for as long as he could.  When he opened his eyes again, the smoke had risen and the vibration had stopped.  Erebos was silent and he breathed in relief.
Still shaking, he tried the door again but it held fast.  Harry and Crystal were at that moment escaping to the mountains and Dr. Wolfe was a prisoner in the mines of Erebos.  The same workings, abandoned many centuries before because of the lava flow that had broken into the tunnels, were slowly claiming another victim.  The pressure was building below, in the silent mines, once more.  Already, the magma pool nearly filled the huge chamber.  The glowing molten rock crept along slowly climbing up the spiral passage, pushed inexorably forward by an unstoppable pressure from beneath the earth’s crust.  The walls of the tunnel around him began to glow a dull red in the fearful heat.  Dr. Wolfe stood and waited in the awful ruddy light.  The rocks all around were grinding and rasping as the pressure built.  Rock cracked and crumbled from the walls and ceiling.  Dr. Wolfe faced his final avenger and the madness filled his mind as he screamed in terror.  He turned to scratch at the heavy steel door but it was sealed and broken.
Suddenly, the lights went out and he split the glowing dark in a huge roar of anger.  “Tra-a-a-i-i-i-t-t-o-r-s-s!”
Then he turned to face the oncoming doom and dropped to his knees.  He spoke in a quiet voice, his last words in this world, but there was no one to hear him.
“Forgive me, Harry, I am mad.  To me now, my own destruction.”
Looking up, his proud face looked world weary, the aged face of a man resigned to death.  A gentle face, a sad face, perhaps he had found some truth at last.
Meanwhile, after the tremor, the Lords of the Double Cross had assembled in the drawing room.  They searched the house and found that Dr. Wolfe, Harry and Crystal had disappeared.  The Gold Lord looked shaken as he spoke.
“I do believe that Dr. Wolfe has turned to evil.  I should have seen it earlier.  We may already have failed.  Everyone, search the property for our guests.  I fear for their lives.  If we find Dr. Wolfe, do not spare him, he is mad,” and his voice rasped as he spoke.
“Has he the young ones?” asked the Emerald Lord.
“I fear they have been taken.  They may be dead already, maybe worse,” and he grimaced.
They began their search and their suspicions were heightened when they found that Dr. Wolfe had removed many of his most precious books and belongings.  None of them suspected the truth and none knew of the disused mines below the house.  The Gold Lord despatched two messengers to warn the Council of the Elders.  The remainder of the party found no clues when they searched the house and grounds.  There were two further tremors during the night and neither animals nor servants would stay near the place any longer.  They decided to shut the house and go down into the Heartland to safer ground.  Before the morning had come, the Lords of the Double-Cross had left, never to return, and Erebos lay deserted in the desolate corrie below the mountains.

*****
Crystal and I climbed steadily through the night, high in the hills above the old house, to find the old paths we had seen marked on the maps.  The night was strangely quiet.  The animals had all been terrified by the earthquake and had fled.  The tremor had also scared us but there was little else we could do except continue to walk.  The moon shone down and lit the scene with a cold pale light that revealed every tree and rock as sharp and sinister silhouettes.  We were two wary travellers and kept under cover as much as we were able.  Every sound seemed loud in the silence of the night, and a second distant wolf-like cry made us freeze in our tracks.  The sound subsided into echoes in the valleys below Erebos and we continued in haste.  After many hours of walking, we found a shepherd’s hut on the hillside.  We pushed open the door and entered the place to rest.  We were exhausted.  We slept with our feet against the door and our heads on our packs.
Dawn broke over the mountains and awoke Crystal and me in the old tumbledown shelter.  We ate sparingly, not knowing how long our supplies might need to last.  I cautiously opened the door and we both went out into the cool morning light.  The mountains towered above us majestically.  I could detect the black form of a large bird circling in an early thermal, high up in the soft blue sky.  Below it there were perhaps half a dozen smaller birds - gulls - chasing, dipping, diving and calling in fear and agitation of the great bird.  The eagle floated serene and unfettered by the protestations beneath him.  Watching the eagle’s slow deliberate movements through the early air filled me with hope.  He dropped suddenly to a distant, remote cliff face, close to the mountain top.  Behind me Crystal stopped still behind me and placed her hand on my shoulder.
“Thank you,” she said quietly and I knew our troubles were shared.
For a while we stood in the silence alone in our thoughts, but together.
In the valley, far below us, we could make out the distant form of Erebos, its empty windows glinting in the sun.  We turned our back on the evil place and began to walk up an old sheep track.  The path crossed a bridge over a stream and continued on up to the head of the valley, where Crystal hoped to find the road that would eventually take us down towards her father’s farm.  We walked along the path beside the stream.  The water was little more than a trickle but the stream bed was a deep, wide channel, fit for a mountain river, where the water had eroded the rock over the centuries.  Crystal looked at the small stream in despair but appeared more determined with each step forward and upward.  Her hands clenched into fists and her stride became sure and firm.  I noticed that she seemed to be looking for something up ahead.
“What is it, Crystal?” I asked.
“You’ll see.  You’ll see it soon enough,” she replied, her fists clenched even tighter.
We climbed through the wooded valley beside the stream bed.  Dense foliage enclosed the slopes but at the valley head we could see open sky.  We clambered up the final steep slope onto an exposed rocky ridge.  The air was cold and clear.  We had ascended hundreds of feet into the mountains.  Crystal climbed the last few feet to the ridge, stopped short and looked straight ahead.  I heard her draw breath with a hiss like an angry snake.
Suddenly, I saw it too.  The object of Crystal’s hate, the dam, loomed above us.  It stood like a fortress wall across the valley.  Emerging from the base was a massive silver pipeline that snaked down the valley and into the distance.  It was the pipeline that had drained the life from her father’s farm, and from many others.  The water company had never planned a compensation reservoir for the few people who lived in the Heartland.
“So, that’s it,” I whispered as I looked in awe at the smooth wall ahead.
I did not know what she intended to do when we reached the dam.
But Crystal just wanted to see the monstrous construction and to understand her enemy.  She imagined herself somehow stopping the water from the pipeline by some act of sabotage but she knew, deep within, that it was hopeless and foolish to try anything.  She also knew that she would need more than bare hands to destroy that mighty barrier.
We clambered up a steep slope onto a broad new road that switch backed its way up to the dam.  The road seemed incongruous in such a remote area.  We stepped boldly along the deserted carriageway and we reached the dam after a mile long walk.  The construction was massive.  The main wall of the dam was buttressed with sloping pillars and a wide coping that overhung the valley.  The road ran across the top of the wall, broad and black.  There was a high parapet wall and railings on either side.  We looked across from the roadway and saw that the arid mountainside dropped in to a great lake that curved away into the distance between the peaks that rose up on either side.  A tower of stone emerged like a strange concrete island in the centre of the lake.  The wind swept across the expanse of water, funnelled between the valley sides and moaned despairingly through the railings.  No one was to be seen.
Crystal and I climbed onto the wall beside the road and looked out.  The view was immense and magnificent.  The high vantage point of the dam showed the whole country laid out like a relief map below us.  Despite herself, Crystal wondered at the edifice: its size, and its might.  The dam held the waters in check, in serene calm, and the place was beautiful.
I looked out across the scene and noticed a movement, almost imperceptible, on the ground far below.  The relief map seemed to be changing, minutely.  The ground in the direction of Erebos was moving.  It lasted only a few seconds but moments later a rumbling noise spread up the valleys towards us.  The sound grew to a tearing crackling blast that echoed round the mountains and engulfed us in fear.
“It’s another tremor,” I shouted.  “I don’t think we should stay here.  Run!”
I pulled at Crystal’s arm as she stood motionless on the wall.  She stared, stupefied, across the valley.
She turned to me and we grabbed our packs and jumped down to the road.  We ran back to the edge of the dam.  In the distance, we heard another rumbling crack.  It was a long way off but it scared us nevertheless.  Beside the dam was a small level plateau that was not directly below any higher rocks.  We scrambled our way up to the top and stood waiting and listening.  All about us was a silence, the same deathly silence that we had experienced the night before.  The birds, which had been skimming the lake when we arrived, had disappeared.  There was no sign of animal life anywhere.
“Do you think it is over?” Crystal asked in a trembling voice.
“We should stay here for a while,” I replied firmly.
We stood watching the distance but we could see no movement and we heard no sound.  I looked up at the mountains behind the lake and saw what looked like smoke billowing down the side.  It was an avalanche.  Beneath us we began to feel a pulsing vibration.  For a few moments, the world went mad and everything that meant life seemed to falter.  The ground, which had been so solid and inanimate became a living, breathing monster.  The rocks rippled like a sail in the wind.  We both lay down and our vision became blurred.  Dust clouds peeled away from the lakeside.  The water in the lake began to heave and giant circular patterns formed across the surface.  A great wave rushed out and broke across the dam.  Loose boulders toppled from high places and crashed into the depths.
The quake passed and all became still, too still.  I attempted to stand but fell back, dizzy and nauseous.  Crystal stood up, very slowly, shaking involuntarily; then she helped me up.  We held on to each other for support and walked crab-like, closer to the edge, to look down into the valley.  The clouds of dust settled and the water became still.  Everything continued as though nothing had occurred.  But then I saw something and pointed down to the ground in front of the dam.  Below the wall, we could see the earth begin to change colour: slowly at first, it darkened and stained.  The ruddy earth seemed to be bleeding.
Silently and slowly the water in the lake began to turn and dip.  At the same time, the water level in the old streambed began to rise and a new cascade flowed down the old courses.  A visible hole appeared, like a small dark tunnel, in the concrete wall at the base of the dam.  Pieces of concrete began to break away and they crashed down the hillside.  They looked tiny from such a height but they were big enough to smash an old bridge as they tumbled down  A crack appeared in the wall of the dam, then another and another.  We could hear the water as it started to gain momentum and thunder through the break.  The torrent became a wave washing down the same hillside where, an hour before, we had toiled upwards.  The water level in the lake seemed not to have changed.
The dam was great, but the water was greater; a slowly spinning whirlpool appeared.  The revolving mass of liquid moved ever faster until watching it made us dizzy.  The vortex deepened and a strange whistling noise filled the air, growing ever louder until it screeched with fury.  Water appeared at the cracks in the dam and began to spray through them in showers that turned into vast silken rainbows in the sun.  The terrible beauty of the scene was stunning.  Seconds later, the hole became a breach and a complete section of the dam wall collapsed in a mass of flying rubble.  A tidal wave of water washed down the hillside and the lake, which had taken so many months to fill, finally emptied itself across the world in just a few violent seconds, carving out a muddy scar as it went.  It carried with it everything in its path.  The small forest in the valley became a raging green sea and reappeared as a muddy log jam.  The tangled, jagged remains of the pipeline, which had bucked and writhed like a dancing snake before it settled, lay broken, hollow and empty, amongst the debris.  Below us the tide rolled on towards Erebos.
Crystal and I could find no words to say.  We stood in silence.  The devastation below us was complete.  Something had ended and Crystal began to weep.
“Don’t be upset,” I said quietly.  “It’s all over now.”
But Crystal was crying tears of joy.  The water had swept away all that was bad and now she could return home renewed.  She knew that her part in the story was almost over.  She dried her eyes and turned to me.
“We must go, Harry,” she whispered hoarsely, “and I will go home and you must go home too.”
Crystal gave me a friendly hug and we turned to walk across the hills hand in hand.  We began our journey to the Heartland.  We were the two companions.  Somehow, we knew it was over and we no longer felt any danger.  Our hearts felt light, exhilaration filled our veins, and I sang a walking song that I had known for years.  Crystal joined with me as we paced the dusty crumpled road away from the disaster.

*****
Unknown to the two home bound travellers the wave of water had destroyed more than the dam and the pipeline.  Far below, in the forest, the Follower had been watching and waiting for them.  He had seen the wall of water before he heard it but could not avoid it.  No living thing could have survived such an overwhelming wave.  Further away still, the waters from the lake had poured into a great fissure that had opened during the earthquake.  The freshwater tide flooded down into the tunnels of Erebos.  The house had collapsed into the old mines in a noxious fiery destruction and lay crushed and ruined in the boiling pools of lava that erupted from the gaping wounds in the earth.  The water flooded across the whole red, smoking furnace and quenched the turbulent molten rock in a mass of steaming ferment.  A boiling lake formed where the house had been and slowly cooled.  The lava flows had filled the old tunnels and the secret of Erebos was lost forever.

*****
Beyond the valleys of the Highland and across the dusty arid plains a sad farmer and his wife sat by the old farm pond, now dry.  The lady was crying but her tears, too, were dry.  The man looked old, slouched and weary with worry.  The river, that had once run close by, had disappeared.  There were two worn-out suitcases beside the couple and in the yard was the rusty car, ready to go.  The early autumn sun was hazy and all about them was the incessant buzzing of insects.
The man slowly raised his head.  He shook it as though he was dispelling a wrong thought.  A moment later, he leapt up and ran to the river bank.  The man began to dance and the years dropped away.  Below him, in the foul ditch, the sand was growing damp.  A tiny trickle of clear liquid snaked and oozed into a miniature pool and began to fill it.  Suddenly, and seemingly from nowhere, a bird alighted in the stream and began to drink.  The man looked up at the sky and began to laugh a loud, free victorious laugh.  He ran to the sad, sombre lady and took her in his arms and kissed her on the cheek.
“My love, my dearest love, I can’t believe it, but it’s true.  Come, let me show you, come with me and tell me it is true,” and he led her gently to the stream, which, by then, was almost running.  She looked into the ditch and once again began to cry but this time the tears streamed down her cheeks.  Her hands clutched and released the air as she bent down and knelt beside the dusty bank.  She scooped a palm full of the miraculous water and put it to her lips, in a kiss of joy.

*****
Crystal and I walked across the Snowy Mountains for three long days and nights.  We travelled for many miles along the paths, through the foothills and down into the Heartland.  The disaster that had befallen the place became clear as we found our way through the old farmsteads and crossed the blasted plains.  The trees were skeletal and the fields resembled a desert.  When the rains arrived they aggravated the pain.  The early equinoctial autumn storms had washed away the topsoil and silt blocked all the ditches.  The rainwater had soaked straight through the parched brown earth and run off into the brackish ponds, where no good was to be had from it.  The further we travelled towards Crystal’s home, the more desolate the scenery became.  All of the farms were empty and many had begun the slow disintegration into ruins.  But we knew that the river was already renewing the land in the distance behind us, and it was slowly filling and reclaiming the country that relied upon it for life.  The water would soon begin to heal the scars and bring a new spring.
Road and river met at an old brick bridge that spanned the waters.  It had always been a meeting place for travellers and the ruins of an old inn stood, a gaunt silhouette, by the roadside.  This place marked the head of an ancient canal.  Dilapidated wharves and workshops stood beside the river.  The rusty relics of sluices and a small crane stood abandoned on the quay.  The river had been canalised centuries earlier.  Before the days of cars and lorries, the canal had carried the farmers’ produce down stream and into the heart of the Big City.
It was late on Tuesday morning when we stopped at the bridge, to rest beneath the warm autumn sun.  By the time we arrived there, new waters had begun to fill the old courses.  Clean streams had already started to carry away the green, dank slime and clear the foul smelling air.  A new, fresh perfume of damp earth caressed our senses in place of the old evil.  The waters would take a long time to soothe all the wounds of the land, but the convalescence had begun.  As we stood and watched, a solitary swan glided down through the empty sky and landed on the smooth waters under the bridge.  Crystal laughed out loud in her joy.
A horse rider approached, in a moving cloud of dust, along the empty road ahead.  He rode steadily towards us but the horse suddenly stopped, looked ahead to us and whinnied loudly before cantering onto the bridge.  The dust cloud settled to reveal the form of the Emerald Lord.  He looked tired and worn, his brow was furrowed and his finery soiled.  The horse whinnied again and shifted about in excitement.  At first the Emerald Lord seemed unclear and stooped but he passed his hand across his eyes.  We looked at each other across the gap and then he dismounted and strode towards us.  The snorting, steaming horse came straight across to Crystal and pressed itself towards her as she held his proud head.  
“Go on with you now.  Go and have that drink,” she whispered into his ear and the horse obediently went to drink at the water’s edge as the Emerald Lord approached.  He looked like a man in shock.  He came silently forward and touched us as if he could not believe we were real.
“I could not believe you could survive.  But you live favoured lives. Come!”
The Emerald Lord put out his hands to us and clasped us both in genuine warmth.  We were taken aback.
“I cannot believe it.  But it is true.”
Once again he stood back and just looked at us.  But his weary face had taken on a new life and a broad smile.  Well, it is done and it is done well,” he said.  “Much has already changed in the world since we met last.  Dr. Wolfe has gone, we thought he had taken you but he must be alone.  Perhaps not all is lost after all.  But Erebos has been laid to ruin, the Follower has been swept away and the waters have been freed.  You will find that much else besides has changed and all these things have come about because of you.”
“We have done nothing,” I said.
“We are going home,” said Crystal.  “That is all.”
“Have you come to stop us?” I asked.
“Or take us, or deceive us again?” added Crystal, sharply.
“None of those things,” replied the Emerald Lord laughing.  “I am not Dr. Wolfe.  The words I have spoken to you before have always been true.  The words I speak to you now are true.  My companions and I want only to help you.  Indeed, we have helped you, but our help has not always been obvious.  We believed you had been taken or killed or both.  But I felt sure that you might have escaped.  I do not why.  The Gold Lord and the Council of the Elders agreed that I should search for you and I am to offer you, once again, my assistance.  Much danger has passed, but still you may need some guidance if you are to return to your homes.  I think you know that I am true.”
“I am going home and I am going home now,” said Crystal but with less distance in her voice than before.
“Well, that is good too,” replied the Emerald Lord.  “Now is the time when good friends must part and go their separate ways.  Believe me or believe me not, trust me or trust me not but at least let me help you.  I bring you each a parting gift.  To you, Crystal, I will give my horse.  In the short time you were together he grew to love you and it is he who has found you here, not me.  You so admired him before and he will bear you well.  He is a fine beast and will serve you faithfully for years to come.  This is a time of hardship and you will need every help if you are to survive the coming winter on your father’s farm.  Your family is waiting and they need you now.  My horse is called Neptune and when he is refreshed, let him speed you to them.”
The Emerald Lord looked at Crystal as if he expected a reply, but she remained silent but turned towards the great horse now standing silently by the bridge.  He turned to me and spoke again.
“You, Harry, are many miles from your home and in a foreign land.  You will need a guide.  Let me be your guide, for I know the many ways of journeying with a friend.”
“He speaks some truth,” I said to Crystal.  “Our ways are not the same.”
“Do you trust him?” she asked.
“Yes, I trust him,” I replied.  “Even though I do not know him!”
I held out my hand to the Emerald Lord and he shook it.
“Then I must turn away,” said Crystal softly.  “My home lies across the plain.  I had hoped...” but her voice trailed away.
She turned away, went over to the horse and took his reins in hand.  Crystal patted the beast and the animal followed her obediently across the bridge.  On coming level with us, she mounted Neptune.  I strapped her packs onto the saddle bag.  Tears were in our eyes.  The parting of friends is always sad and we did not know what lay ahead or if we would ever meet again.
“Good-bye, Crystal,” I said, looking up.  “I shall dream of you tonight and remember you tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow.  We may not have changed the world, but you have changed my world.”
I took her hand for a moment and then stepped back.  She turned the horse and they began to walk away.  When she had reached the other end of the bridge, she turned towards us again.
“Harry, once before you asked me to sing and I couldn’t.  Well the time has come.  Remember me like this.”
Crystal sat on the horse and sang, I could barely see her through my watery eyes.

“The water has filled dry ditches
and the tears have filled my eyes,
the sky so dry and dusty 
is made cloudy as she cries.

New beginnings, old friends,
the parting of many ways,
yet love and friendship never ends
while memories fill the days.”

For a long while there was silence broken only by the gentle sound of water running through a sluice.  Then she turned the horse and they walked slowly along the track across the dusty plain.  I watched her until she had faded into the distance and was gone from my sight.  I saw that the Emerald Lord watched her, too, and he also seemed sad.
Chapter Nine - Going Home

The Emerald Lord turned to me and smiled.
“Harry,” he said, “we need to travel one more time.  You and me both, we’re going home.”
I looked at him in surprise.
“But, I thought you were coming with me?” I questioned.
“Yes, that’s right, we’re going home,” he reaffirmed.
The journeys and adventures that had befallen me had almost put home out of my thoughts.  Of course, I knew that I had to return, but I could not begin to imagine what would become of me when I arrived.  I was still too far away.
“You don’t live on Suidhe?” I asked him.
“No, I do not,” he replied.  “But sometimes I feel that I do.  You see, my grandfather was a visitor there, for a time.  While he was on Suidhe he kept diaries and a journal.  When I was just a boy he told me tales of the place and many years later, after he had returned to the mainland, he gave me his books to read.  He had always intended to return to Suidhe.  He used to say that he had unfinished business there and even claimed he left some belongings in safe-keeping.  But sadly he never did go back.  Eventually, he became very ill and when he knew that he would never return, I promised him that one day I would go there in his place.  The stories he told me had left me so many impressions of the island that I wanted to go and see what it was really like.”
In a world of strange coincidences this seemed stranger than all but I kept my caution and turned back to the river.
“How will we get there?” I asked.
“I think that our route is clear and the means to travel is already before us.”
So saying, he stepped down to the river bank and looked along the old canal.
“The way may not be as free as it should be, but it will suit.  I can remember when these wharves were thriving and many craft came here.  Perhaps they will return one day.”
He led the way across the road to a series of long abandoned sheds.  We opened the half-broken doors of the first shed.  All was dusty and dark inside; cobwebs festooned the ceilings and dirt covered the floor.  There were, perhaps, twenty large canoes stacked on racks either side of the shed.  They appeared unkempt but serviceable.  We chose one that seemed newer than most and took it out into the sunlight.  A few minutes spent cleaning revealed an old but solid craft.  A second shed revealed a selection of paddles and chandlery.  We collected the things that we thought would be most useful: ropes, canvas covers, holdalls, fishing net and many small sundries.
The canoe was soon kitted out and we checked that we could lift her between us.  We placed the vessel on the water and loaded our provisions.  
“We must have a name for our boat.” I said.
“Let’s call it Crystal!” replied the Emerald Lord, smiling.
The canoe was of the large, open, traditional type and could accommodate two paddlers and their baggage with ease.  I placed my duffel bag under the thwart.  My companion had brought a spare saddlebag with him, which he stowed in the stern.
We boarded the vessel and set off towards the city.  We both knew it would be a long journey home.  I looked at my fellow traveller in the canoe.  He no longer looked like a lord but was just an ordinary man and I felt that I had known him for a long time.
“What is your real name?” I asked.  He gazed at me quizzically and replied.
“Yes, it is time you knew my real name.  You cannot call me the Emerald Lord, not here at any rate.”
He paused and looked me directly in the eye.  
“My name is Finder; you may call me that.”
“But...  “ I faltered.
“Yes, I know,” he said softly.  “One day I will tell you the tale, but now we have work to do and, also, there is something else.”
“What?” I asked.
“We must take care.  You will not be safe until you reach your island, maybe not even then.  The Follower is still out there, I’m sure.”
“But I thought you said he had been swept away?”
“I never said he had been killed.  The Follower is not so easily stopped, like any living thing.  No, I hope he has been put off the scent for now.  But he will keep on trying to find you.”
“Let’s go then,” I said and picked up my paddle.
The first mile was uneventful.  The old canal was passable with care but the locks were unusable; water poured over them where the bypass cuttings and sluices had become blocked and broken.  Other equipment had seized through lack of use, or had been jammed shut by the farmers to preserve the water that had once been so scarce.  We lifted our craft out and around three locks and then entered a long twisting stretch of waterway that passed across a flat plain.  Here, the current was sluggish.  Debris littered the bed of the river and projected haphazardly from the water, or lurked dangerously just below the surface.  We navigated our way slowly through the obstacles to the clear water ahead.  The shallow bottomed canoe enabled us to maintain a reasonable speed despite the dangers.
Finder proved to be as good a travelling companion in a boat as the Emerald Lord had been on a horse.  He knew much about the country we were travelling through and maintained a commentary about the places we passed.  He pointed out the features of the landscape and often told their histories.
There were few people in the region.  It had been a farming area before the water disappeared but the farms were mostly empty and, with their demise, the population had dwindled.  Consequently, our passage downstream remained largely unnoticed.
I had seen the place before, as a patchwork, miniature world, from the heights of the Snowy Mountains.  It had seemed indistinct and like a model landscape from such a distance.  The reality of the place was quite different to the impression I had received.  The overall tidiness and soft misty quality of myriad farms and fields was really a scene of gentle desolation: of nature attempting to reclaim a piece of the world.  But nature requires earth, air, sun and most of all, water.  Already, the banks of the old canal had begun to green with new growth.  The grasses and plants had changed hue within a few days of the river refilling.  Desert brown filled the distance ahead of us, where the water had barely reached the roots on the river bank, yet behind us the trees seemed almost luxuriant by comparison.  A new green world was arising like a phoenix from the sun scorched earth.  The rhythm of the paddles, the creak of the wood and the slow rush of water reached my ears like words on the air and even as I thought this, Finder began to sing.
The end of the day approached and we found a small backwater that could provide both safety and shelter for the night.  The long, slow sunset of the plains glowed through wispy, fiery, orange clouds that quietly melded into deep crimson and dulled to a frosty night.  We traced the course of the river in the twilight where the twisting silken mists rose up from the water and hung like vaporous wraiths in the evening air.  Once forgotten sounds had returned to the river bank: the splash of an otter slipping into the current, the rush of a duck’s wings as he landed, all emerald and brown in a spray of creamy foam.  Between these sounds and the occasional whisper of the water wandering by, there was a dark and beautiful quiet.  It was not the absolute silence of fear, but the perceptible silence of the countryside, beside the river at night, unbroken by the interference of man.  It was an atmosphere of trust, like the gentle caress of fluid whisperings that stroked my mind into perfect pure peace.
We talked quietly, long into the night and looked out and into the dark, star-sprinkled sky.  It looked like pollen dust on a bed of black velvet.  A silver, gibbous moon rose on her journey through the void.  I told Finder of my adventures in the Big City, of my subterranean passage beneath the city streets and the journey across the marshes by boat.  He, in his turn, told me how the Lords had caught up with us in the small town, beyond the marsh.  They followed us through the woods until they found the Follower and the strange ‘wolf men’.  The lonely yew wood had been a busy place that night.
“Tell me about the Follower,” I said.
But Finder remained grimly quiet and would not talk about it.
“Wait until it is light,” he replied.
“And Dr. Wolfe,” I questioned, “who is he?”
“I believe the Dr. Wolfe you saw is no longer, but we will never know in certainty who he was.  He was a clever and a thoughtful man, but he had become corrupted by the boredom of his life.  He wanted something more than an everyday existence.  He thought that the substance of life should be greater than eating, sleeping and day to day routine.  He thought of ordinary life as a prison.
“I believe that he was wrong; structure is the key to freedom.  The structure of life takes care of your earthly needs and allows you to enjoy a spiritual freedom that does not abide in an uncertain world.  In answer to who he was, he was a very old man, much older than the other Lords of the Double-Cross.  He had lived at Erebos for many years.  But he had lived and travelled, far and wide, for many more years before that.  Of course, he was not known as Dr. Wolfe then, we called him the White Lord and he was one of our company.  In a way, he was the leader of the Lords of the Double-Cross, but like all leaders he found that he was really just a slave to his people and without them he had no power.  That is one reason why he was so interested in your possession; because he was jealous of the power it appeared to give you.  He wished to have a power that he alone could control at will.  
“Although he knew about the white crystal and, indeed, he became obsessed by it, he did not understand it and failed to make the magic work.  When he discovered that you had the white crystal and that you also possessed the secret that made it work, he needed to be able to use it for himself.  He decided to obtain your secret and then… well I rather think he sought to destroy you.”
“He showed me the furnace beneath the house,” I said.  “I am sure I would have ended in the flames.”
“Do you mean there really was a molten pool?  I had heard of that,” and it was Finder’s turn to be surprised.  “But you could have been killed,” replied Finder earnestly.
“I am sure it was his intention.  But why?  I cannot understand that Finder.  The more I see, the further I go, the more I realise there isn’t any real magic in the white crystal,” I said.  “There is good luck and bad luck surrounding me in equal measure.  There is hard work and sweet enjoyment too, but no magic.  These things that have happened are just life and the world at work.  I do not understand them.  I do not have any power.  I am just me.  Perhaps when I started out I wasn’t even that.”
Finder had stopped paddling and was looking at me as I spoke.
“Harry, your words are a kind of magic.  For the first time, the white crystal has an owner who does understand the spell.  What you have said is profound because it is true.  But the journey is not over yet, we have far to go and time is of the essence.  Yes, time is the essence of the thing.”
“I do want to understand.  I need to understand for Crystal’s sake.”
Finder looked surprised but continued.
“Erebos was not sleeping.  The dam in the mountain had taken the water away and the balance of the place had been disturbed.  The earth cracked and the results you saw, and felt.  Much of what came to pass we had foreseen but the hidden power of Erebos was a terrifying surprise.  The Lords at first feared that Dr. Wolfe had wrought some terror and, when you were found to be missing, we thought that the worst had occurred.  But it was not so and there may yet be a chance to start anew.  Now I think we should turn in and start early tomorrow.”
I shuddered at the thought of the molten pool that Dr. Wolfe had once intended to be my destiny.  We talked a little more about travellers and travelling before settling to sleep, deep and undisturbed by anything but our own dreams.
On Wednesday morning, I awoke with the sun, although I could not see it.  We had moored the canoe in the centre of the waterway, for safety, and I looked out across the water.  I saw a wren hopping fitfully through the undergrowth, on the river bank, and as I watched it in delight, some movement beyond the reeds suddenly disturbed the tiny bird.  I felt a coldness sweep over me and put out my hand to wake Finder, who was still sleeping.  He woke up quickly and followed my gaze as something large moved swiftly away, close to the ground.
“What was it?” I whispered.
“I do not know,” Finder replied, with urgency in his voice.  “We must move on as soon as we can.”
The day had dawned a cloudy grey.  Cold mists threaded their silvery strands above the water.  The clouds stretched above us in a single, featureless, blanket across the visible world.  There was a chill in the air and we could feel that autumn was coming.  We made a hasty breakfast and, after washing in the renewed waters of the river, we went swiftly on our way.
That day and night passed without event and time was as seamless as the clouds above.  We paddled stealthily downstream aided by the current but the canal had become choked by weeds and silt, which frequently forced us to drag the canoe along the banks.  Our progress was slow, if steady, and by evening we were both ready to rest.  Despite our tiredness we took it in turns to sleep and watch through the night, mindful of our former visitor.  The coldness and the blackness seemed interminable but all remained quiet.  On Thursday, we bypassed numerous locks where the river descended to the coastal plain.  It was hard work lifting and dragging the canoe around the dozens of lock gates and we travelled only a short distance that morning.
The journey home had started on a wave of relief and pleasure but it had changed.  I felt uncertain and nervous.  Our progress slowed every day.  I became acutely aware of every sound and motion.  I searched the banks constantly for any movement out of place.  Finder, too, had become quiet and watchful.  Neither of us spoke of it by name, but we both knew that somewhere close at hand were the ever open eyes of the Follower.
“I had hoped to avoid it,” said Finder suddenly, “by taking this quiet and forgotten route.  But now I have led us into an inevitable trap.  I should have used my wits.  This thing has to be faced sooner or later.  And it has to be faced by you.  When it comes to it, there is little I can do to help.” 
We paddled on.  The day was warm and hazy.  The air became sultry and still as the afternoon passed.  
“We are approaching the town where you stopped with Crystal.  The canal goes through the centre of the town and we will be able to replenish our supplies at least.”
We entered the town early on Thursday evening.  The place appeared strangely empty and I felt a cool chill pass over me as I remembered the violent wolf-men who had chased us in the woods before.  They had come from this town and I did not wish to experience their madness again.  Several times I heard strange sounds and caught my breath, but there had been no further sightings of ‘wolf-men’ on our journey so far.  
Finder was weary and determined to rest up close to the town until morning.  We made our way out into the marshes on the other side, to a small creek away from the main river.  The air hummed with the sound of insects.  There was no breeze and the sun shone like a bloody red disc through the haze.  Billowing cumulus was piling up on the horizon.
Our evening meal was over when the familiar mists descended in a shroud.  But tonight the temperature did not drop and the air grew ever muggier.  I could hear a storm grumbling in the far distance and we decided to spread a tarpaulin above our canoe.  Crouched under the dark hood of canvas, which we had supported with paddles and rope, it was almost cosy.  I slept at first, but before long I awoke to the flash of lightning and the crash of thunder.  Rain drummed down on the tarpaulin, only inches from my head and bounced off the water all around the canoe.  It had grown cold and the rain blew in through the open ends of the shelter.  Finder sat hunched under the cover and faced the night.  The lightning flooded the darkness with brief cold flashlight and momentarily exposed the world outside with all motion suspended.  We could not see far from our place in the creek but the bank on one side was not more than ten feet away.  Finder swung the canoe around to face the bank and so avoid the worst of a soaking.
The storm was abating but flashes still traced through the clouds.  I looked out and then I saw it: a frozen shadow framed by searing light.  A tall figure stood on the bank directly ahead.  The outline of a wide brimmed hat was clearly visible.  The complete darkness obliterated it in a second.  Finder saw it too.
“The torch, the torch,” whispered Finder hoarsely.
I dived back and got the torch.  Finder turned it on and trained the beam at the bank.  The place appeared dark and empty at first.  Suddenly, he caught the thing directly in the beam of light.  Then I saw the outline of a tall figure, dripping and black and from under the hat, looking out was…  I looked away and looked again.  It was like my own face looking out, but ancient and pained with desperate staring eyes piercing the night.  This was the Follower, but the Follower was me.
I felt a sudden terror within.  What was this other me and what did it want with me?  I wanted to look aside, to hide away, but I couldn’t.  I grabbed the torch from Finder and held it in the beam of light as it raised an arm and pointed with a gloved hand directly at me.  Then it spoke and a voice, my voice but somehow strangely thin and ancient, drifted across the water, as though from a dream.
“Save me, come to me, help me,” the creature sounded genuinely terrified.
“Shouldn’t we go to it?” I cried.
“Stay, stay, do not move,” Finder put his hand out to hold me.  “It’s not you.”
The shadow figure wavered for a moment and then it turned to look up the bank.  Lights had appeared in the distance and were moving quickly down the river.  The Follower stared into the dark.  
Finder whispered, “The torch.  Turn off the torch.”
I turned it off, just as a new sound filled the night: a howling wolf-like cry.  The torches were flaring, flaming sticks that hissed in the rain but did not go out.  The ‘wolf-men’ ran to where the Follower had been standing and started to beat at the shadows with sticks.  I could hear gasps and cries.  Sweat was running down my face.
“Save me, save me,” came again from the bank.
“There is nothing we can do,” Finder said, still holding me.
“No, no!”  I cried.  “Stop!”
The ‘wolf-men’ turned and saw the boat.  Immediately, they clambered down the bank and into the creek.  The light reflected on the water around them as they waded towards us.  They wore masks and hoods to cover their faces and strange animal skin coats over their shoulders.
Finder had not wasted a second but cut the ropes and threw the tarpaulin off the canoe.  He handed me a paddle.
“Go!” he shouted.
We paddled frantically back towards the main canal.  The ‘wolf-men’ followed, wading through the all-too-shallow river.  Finder did not out pace them but stopped in mid-stream to face them.  The centre of the main canal was too deep to cross on foot and the ‘wolf-men’ were struggling.  Finder stood up in the canoe and held up his hand.  The flaming torches threw a ghastly light on his face.
“Stop!  Do not come closer.  I have given my warning,” his voice cut through the rain with purpose and power.
The ‘wolf-men’ stopped for a moment, surprised, but then they waded on regardless.  They had something gleaming in their hands and held up two long swords that reflected the flare of their torches.  Again they uttered the awful cries and seemed poised to lunge forward.  They were barely six feet from us and the water was up to their waists.
Finder lifted something from the canoe.  I could see it was large and dark in his hands.  He held it high in the air and then threw it across the water.  The dark shape spread out into a wide fishing net and landed on the ‘wolf-men’.  Finder pulled the rope and the net tightened around them.  The torches had dropped into the water and died.  I shone my torch on the net.  The captives were frantically trying to slash at the net with their swords but it was too late.  Finder tied a long rope to the net rope and we paddled round and around the pair to truss them in the water.  They muttered oaths and shouted at us, but it was to no avail.  The swords had both sunk to the river bed and the ‘wolf-men’ were finally subdued.  Finder tied the rope across the canal to two trees and stranded the evil pair where they stood.  He called out to them:
“Now you can wait ’til morning.  We will send someone to you then.  But let me warn you, if we ever meet again, I shall not be so forgiving.”
If the captives made any reply, we did not stay to hear it
“What about the Follower?” I asked.  “We may be able to help him.”
“There is nothing to help.”
“But what do you mean.  That thing, it was me.  I have a right to see it.  Those foul creatures have attacked it because they thought it was me.  They tried to kill it.  They tried to kill me.  I want to go back.  I am going back.”  I felt my temper rising up.  “How dare you try and keep me from it.  I don’t believe you.  I want to see the Follower.  I want to see me.”
Finder did not reply but set a grim face and turned the canoe back towards the bank.  I leapt out.  There was nothing there.  I looked around as best I could with the torch.  There was no sign of anything except the foot prints of the two ‘wolf-men’.  I felt wretched and confused, but got back into the canoe.
“This is madness,” I whispered.
“Harry.  Believe me. I understand how you feel, but it isn’t madness.  It is just life.”
“But that thing is me.  It haunts me and needs me somehow.  I should help it. ”
“No, Harry.  I believe it is an evil thing that will destroy you if it can to get the crystal.  I believe it needs the power of that stone to find itself and return back to the living world, a living time.  Perhaps it will take over your own life and lead you into oblivion.”
I sighed, exasperated but made no reply.  There seemed no sense left in the world.  We made our way by torch light back up the canal to the empty town.  Finder wrote a note to the sheriff and pinned it to the town notice board.  
“Let’s find a place to stay,” Finder spoke grimly.  At the end of a street there was a stable where we took our shelter for what remained of the night.
At first light we left our uncomfortable lodgings and went back to the canoe to check our things.  After making a rudimentary breakfast we went in search of people and provisions.  There was no-one around.  The town seemed almost deserted.  Most of the shops were closed but we found one to sell us food and drink and batteries for our torch.
The shop keeper eyed us suspiciously.
“Where are you from?  I haven’t seen you about here before?”
“We’re just passing through,” replied Finder.  “On our way to the Big City.”
“Can’t think why anyone wants to go there at the moment.”
“It’s much quieter here than I remember,” I said.
The shop keeper rolled his eyes.  “Which planet have you been on, son.”
“Why?”
“Why!  That wretched dam has burst, the pipeline’s bust and we haven’t got any water.  That’s why.”
“And then there’s those weirdoes,” he continued, “attacking people every night.  I tell you it ain’t safe here any more.  Two people killed this last week.  Aye, murdered.  No wonder everyone’s packed off someplace else.”
“You mean the wolf-men?”  I asked and I saw him tense.  “We met them last night down by the river.  They won’t give you any more bother.  We tied them up.”
The man eyed us both again, disbelievingly.
“Really!” and rolled his eyes.  “Well good day to you.”
Outside the shop we ran straight into the sheriff.  He was a worried looking man but with a shrewd eye and tall, a good six inches taller than Finder.
“I don’t suppose one of you two is Finder?”  Finder held up his hand in acknowledgement.
“Well, you had better both come with me, then.”
“Guess you know what this is about, my name’s Stokes, Sheriff Stokes,” he continued as we walked swiftly to the centre of town.  At his office, the note was on the table and there were three other men, each with a rifle.  The sheriff sat on the edge of the table and spoke.  
“OK.  Let’s hear it.  What happened and where are these ‘wolf-men’ as you call them?” 
Finder quickly relayed the tale from the night before but without any mention of the Follower.
“You must be a pretty stern guy.  From what I hear, these characters are scary and mean.  OK.  Let’s go and check it out, but the lad stays here.”
“He comes with us,” said Finder.  Again, I was surprised at the authority Finder held in his manner and voice.
Sheriff Stokes thought for a moment.  “OK.  I guess you know what you’re about.  But it’ll be your responsibility if anything goes wrong.  I’m in no mood for messing.  I’ll soon as lock you both up if I get any trouble.  Come on guys, let’s get this over with.”
The sheriff got another rifle out of the gun cupboard on the wall and all six of us walked into the street and down to the river.
As we walked, I asked the sheriff.  “Who are these wolf-men.  What do they do it for?  I mean the first time they nearly killed us.”
He stopped still, “Whoa, hold on now.  What do you mean ‘the first time’?”
“About a week ago, they attacked my tent.”
“Geez.  What is it with you two?  Yea, I found that tent.  Spent a day looking for the bodies.  Well, you can tell me about that later on.”
We carried on walking and he continued.  “These guys you call wolf-men are vermin.  But they ain’t local.  I’d know if they were.  I know where they come from and I think I know what they want.  Took me months to find out and I had to do a lot of following of a lot of folk to do it.”
Suddenly, I had an uneasy feeling.  The sheriff was wearing a wide brimmed hat.  He carried on talking.
“You see, you guys probably take me for some local yokel of a sheriff.  But I’ve been about a bit and what’s more, I’ve seen the both of you before.”  he looked down at me, “Yes, and that girl with the horse.  You can tell me about her later as well.”
We had reached the creek by the river where the ‘wolf-men’ were tied up.  To my great relief, they were still there.  A big grin spread across the sheriff’s taciturn features.
“Wow.  Now that’s a nice job.  All trussed up.  Look more like chicken than wolf to me.  OK guys.  Jack and Dick you keep them under your guns while me and Josh get these two outta the river.”
“Right oh. Mr Stokes,” they replied.
The sheriff cut the ropes holding the net but made the two men stumble up out of the river still caught in their net.  They were both shivering with cold.  In a short time the two men were out of the net and standing with hands tied behind their backs.
“OK.  Time to meet these villains.  If they are who I think they are, you had better prepare yourself for a shock.”
The silent Jack and Dick walked up to the men and took off their hooded masks.
“Well, well, well,” said Finder quietly.  “I should have guessed.”
“How on earth?”  I exclaimed.
Jack and Dick roughly pulled off the costumes and there before us stood two young men with black leather jackets, black shiny hair, and blue jeans.  They both had dark glasses in their top pockets.  They were almost carbon copies but for their difference in size, which was comical.  One was short and fat and the other was tall and lean.
“We meet again, bastard,” said the tall one and spat.  His friend stood silently chewing on gum.
“I’ll have my wallet back,” I replied.
“OK. Let’s have all of you back to the lock up and sort all this out,” and Sheriff Stokes prodded the tall one in the back with his rifle.  “Walk.”  He sounded like a sergeant major.

*****
The day had settled to a steady drizzle as we returned downstream towards the Big City.  But the sky was showing a thin sliver of brightness on the horizon when we passed the creek where the unfortunate and soaking pair of rogues had cursed and shivered.
“Who are those two really?”  I asked.
“Like everyone else we’ve met on this journey.  They are not what they appear to be.  I’ve met them before and two of my colleagues from the Double-Cross are searching for them now.  They are murderers and thieves.  And they are mercenaries.  They work for the highest bidder.  I wonder who was paying them to find you?  They didn’t seem too fussed to have you alive.  My guess is they stole your wallet just to make sure of who you were.  But what they wanted was that pretty stone you keep so carefully hidden.  You did well to keep that out of the conversation.  Our friend Stokes knows more about all of this than he lets on.”
Some miles further on, with the thought of another night in the open, I asked the question that had been burning in my mind all through the day.
 “What is the Follower?”
Finder was silent for a moment but then he replied.
“My father once told me about the Follower.  He told me it almost destroyed him when he was a young man.  I have seen the Follower.  You have seen the Follower.  And the Follower you have seen is you.  Maybe, everyone has a follower.  Sometimes they are a burden and sometimes they become a part of you.  Sometimes they survive and sometimes they die.  Sometimes they are good and sometimes they seem evil.  Maybe we all need a follower in our lives to make us stop and look behind or look ahead.  You must decide.  No-one else can decide for you how your follower lives in your life.  It is down to your own conscience.  But I think the Follower must go or it will haunt you and destroy you, or worse...” and he paused before continuing.
“This thing you see is the result of the temptation to live forever, to be the Master of Time.  It grows older and older and older but it can never go back as a young man and be a part of the real world.  It sees you and knows you and desires to be you.  The temptation returns but the cycle must be broken this time or you will be forfeit.  That thing is ageless, ancient and terrifying, but it is not you... yet.”
Suddenly, I began to see a little chink of light and understanding in what Finder had told me.  I made no reply but wondered if my follower would shadow me to the end of my days?  Was he good or was he evil?  We paddled on in silence.

*****
The canal cut through by a circuitous route away from the streams that Crystal and I had followed on our outward journey.  It curved in a broad path across the plain.  Many streams fed this part of the river and the people had continued to maintain and use the canal after the construction of the dam.  The original purpose, for cargo transport, had changed over the years and very few barges travelled along the old waterway in modern times.  We passed many pleasure boats moored near the locks, but they all seemed deserted.  The final stretch of river ahead of the Big City was empty of any other travellers or their boats.  The old passage of the river under the city was forgotten and the channel silted and blocked a long way before the grating that stood at the entrance to the tunnel.  The river had entered the marsh.
The water was too shallow for paddling so we waded through it, dragging the canoe behind us.  The smog bound city sat quietly on the horizon, like some giant grey and pink crab, growing larger with every mile that we travelled towards it.  I became aware of a change when we were about two miles from the airport perimeter and in sight of the distant buildings of the outer city.  The airport was silent.  There were no planes taking off or landing, although I did see some activity at the farther side.  The city folk had diverted the approach to the tunnel entrance when they built the airport and the channel curved to the right before it petered out in a bank of silt.  We climbed the bank and found the old channel where the river entered the tunnels through the grating.  It was a scene of devastation.
The tunnel had collapsed.  Bricks and rubble, mixed with mud and debris, filled dozens of wide trenches that slashed across the airport like the branches of a tree.  The fallen tunnels cut the runways in two.  Looking into the distance, I saw the ruined remains of the old underground river channel.  It looked as though some gigantic knife had cut the city in half.  The earthquake had struck these parts too and it had released the river from centuries of underground captivity.  In one brief and violent movement it had dramatically revealed itself to the unknowing, uncaring city that dwelt so arrogantly and ignorantly above it.
The destruction was too great to allow a passage by water.  We abandoned the canoe and lifted our possessions onto our backs.
“I can’t believe this is same place where Chrissy and I came through.  It seems an age away.  Somewhere just round here we caught fish and cooked them,” I told Finder.
We started walking to the Big City.  We kept to the line of the river as best we could, but the piles of rubble and destruction prevented us from walking directly along it.  We covered the wide flat expanse of the airport.  It took hours to clamber across the many small channels.  At last we came to the perimeter and climbed through the tumble down security fence into the city outskirts.  
Everywhere, the people of the city were clearing up the mess of rubble, conduits and water that had so surprised them.  Gangs of men and women laboured to build temporary shelters in place of the broken houses.  These tireless working folk, who had put aside their fashion and finery, seemed quite different to the ones I had seen on my outward journey.  Some of them stopped and looked at us as we passed by.  We were completely inconspicuous here.  We were just another pair carrying our possessions on our backs and heading for somewhere else.  It was the story of the times.  
I realised then, that the way people dress and behave from day to day does not flow from the soul.  They become followers of some ephemeral and slight social fashion.  Here were the real people, digging for survival.  Despite their adversity and, maybe, because of it, they seemed happier now.  I had probably seen some of these same people angrily driving their now useless cars through the crowded streets.  Yet I knew that only time, and circumstance, divided these two peoples; they were still the same.  It had taken a disaster: a life threatening shock to the system, to bring out the real citizen, the heartwood, from beneath the veneer of fashion and modernity.
In every district of the city, the river had cut across all the main roads and left them in an almost useless condition.  Hastily erected footbridges enabled pedestrians to cross the old river that had so recently returned.
We walked, carrying our loads, through the seven eastern districts of the Big City and into the same park where I had stood with the Big City Gang once before.  The green acres were now covered with thousands of tents.  It was a city within a city.  The scar of the old river ran through it, in a mass of tumbled masonry and rubble.  A slight silvery reflection of the waters of the river was just visible beneath the fallen tunnel.  Looking around, I could see the elegant buildings at the perimeter of the park but the place where the tall modern hotels had been was just an empty space behind a screen of trees.  The quake had razed those famous buildings.  Workmen were busy erecting fences around the heaps of tangled steel and concrete.  It looked like a city at war.  The skyscrapers were destined never to be replaced.  A lesson had been learnt.
We came to a dell beside the river, where it had formed into a pool.  Fallen trees covered the ground.  Dozens of people were queuing to fill their water buckets.  The water hole was buzzing with chatter and we rested by a fallen trunk to eat lunch.  While we sat beside the trees, an old woman walked down to the river’s edge and knelt down.  She cupped her hands and lifted the water to her lips as she whispered to the air.
“Well, I never.”
The old woman walked over to us and spoke.
“I would never have believed it, but the girl was right, you know.  And it was me told her it was here!”
“Would you like some food?” I asked.
“Oh, yes, please dear.  I haven’t eaten today.  I got a bit lost trying to find the queue,” she continued.  “You know, that girl came and saw me again just to tell me she had found it.”
“Found what?” I asked, half guessing the reply.
“She called it her secret river.  Said you could still see it in the park.  And you would never believe it, never believe it, bless me no.  But one day she came round on a horse!  Didn’t she look a picture?”
“Crystal,” I said.  “It just has to be Crystal,” and I could not help myself laughing for joy at the thought.  “At every turn she is there.”
“Well I never,” the old lady looked hard at me.  “Yes, that’s right.  Yes, Crystal.  I do hope she’s alright, after all this.”
“So do I, so do I,” and I looked down into the dell where I had once stood with Duffy, Crystal and the horse.
“Penny for your thoughts,” said Finder chewing a piece of cheese.
“Oh.  I was just thinking.  I had some friends used to live underground near the river.  I don’t suppose there’s much chance they survived all this.”
The old lady took her leave and shambled off along the edge of the tumbledown masonry that marked the passage of the river below.
After our meal, we moved on through the city and passed back through the seven western districts.  The weather was warmer in the metropolis, the season less obvious.  The air seemed strangely still; there were no sounds except natural sounds.  No traffic choked the atmosphere and people walked down the centre of the carriageway.  The city had returned, just for a short while, to the people.  We passed a street close to the shopping district and I saw a solitary horse trotting towards us.  In this carless city, the horse seemed quite in keeping.  The horse looked at us for a moment, whinnied, and then it turned and continued on its way.  I recognised the look in its eye and smiled, but I did not speak.
It was late on Friday evening when we finally arrived at the quayside and the sun already lay hidden below the horizon.  The silhouettes of the warehouses and cranes seemed familiar, almost homely.  We stood, two quiet shadows, beside the docks.  I looked around, remembering.
“I must try and find the Big City Gang,” I said.  “I hope they have not suffered in the quake, they all lived in the tunnels.”
“Nobody finds us, Harry!” said a familiar voice in the darkness.
In the gloom of the night I detected figures walking towards us.  One approached and stood a few feet away.  Tuffy spoke again.
“Harry, you have brought some friends.”
I felt a thrill of excitement flow through me as we stood in the evening dark.
“One friend,” I corrected.
“I see two, or rather I see one and I don’t see the other, if you know what I mean.  We need to talk about that.”
“You know about the Follower?” I asked, surprised.
“He’s your little old shadow, Harry.  I think he’s kind of like you.  But I don’t like him, he’s just a child.  I think you should ask him to leave, or maybe you would like us to ditch him for you?” said Tuffy, menacingly.
“No, you can’t do that, he’s...  he’s...” I stuttered into silence.
“What Harry?  A ghost?  Your ghost.  I don’t believe in ghosts, Harry.  Come over here now and listen.  I have a plan.”
“So these are your friends, I should have known,” Finder muttered beside me.  “You never stop surprising me, Harry.”
Finder and I walked over and the Big City Gang huddled around us.
“Okay, Harry,” said Tuffy.  “This is it, decision time.  Do you want to be yourself or do you want to be followed the rest of your days?  Do you want to be free, Harry?  Do you want to be you?  ’Cause you know you can never find your true friend all the time that thing is around.  You need to sort that out or you’ll be haunted the rest of your days, yer know.”
“Of course I want to be free.  But I don’t want to hurt anyone.  Least of all…”
“Least of all who, Harry?”  asked Finder,  “You?”
“And don’t forget your true friend, Harry,” said Huffy with a sneer.
Tuffy spoke again.  He seemed much older now.  “Shut it Huffy.”  
Then he turned to me.
“I never said it would be easy.  You just have to believe in yourself, just once.  You just have to be you to be free.  We’ve all been there, Harry.  That’s what you see in us.  When you came to this city I don’t think you knew why, but you knew we were free.  And you liked us.  And Harry…,” he spoke quietly just to me alone.
“Yes,” I answered.
“Chrissy, Chrissy’s free.  But only if you are free.”  Tuffy’s voice quavered as he spoke.
“Yes, I know,” I whispered.  “You know my answer.  I will be free.”
Tuffy told us the scheme for the Gang’s final adventure in the Big City.  When Tuffy had finished talking, Finder laughed and seemed to approve, but I was not so sure.  I was to be my own bait.
“Friends, Harry,” said Duffy suddenly and everyone turned and stared at him, “Friends help you do the stuff you know you can do, but never do do.  Trust me.”
It was the first time I had ever heard him speak and now I felt speechless.
Tuffy looked me straight in the eye and said, “Remember, Harry, wherever you go, he goes.  He can’t help it and that’s how we trap him.  We go to the city centre tonight and visit the Pleasure Palace.  Get the bikes, lads.”
At Tuffy’s command, the Gang disappeared into the shadows and returned with eight old bicycles.
“What are these for?” I asked.
“The roads ain’t what they were, but these will get us there good,” said Muffy.
“I got one for your invisible mate too,” said Huffy proudly.
Everyone laughed and Huffy turned a little pink in the dark.
We journeyed in a creaking convoy to the city centre and arrived a little after midnight.  The Pleasure Palace was deserted.  The place had been an amusement park, but it closed for repairs after the earthquake damaged the rides.  The Gang easily broke in through the main gates and rode into the empty car park in some style, and, to my amazement, singing their Big City anthem.  They left the gates swinging and Tuffy led us to a low, dark building, at the edge of the Pleasure Palace.  Duffy forced the doors with his gemmy and I entered alone.  I had my torch but Tuffy told me not to use it unless I had to.
The others all left me as I walked to the centre of a completely black space.  The dark was so intense that I could almost feel it pressing on my skin.  After twenty paces I stopped, then I turned and waited.
There was a lesser dark square where the doors stood open and inviting.  Nothing moved and the silence hummed in my ears.  I waited and watched the grey space ahead of me.  Without senses, I began to lose myself and would have panicked and run out if a shadow had not suddenly appeared.  It was a silent black figure in a wide brimmed hat, a deeper black against the dark grey doorway.  I thought it was standing still at first, but although there was no sound, the shadow slowly grew and I knew it was approaching the place where I stood.
The grey square behind the shadow figure suddenly and silently disappeared and we were in absolute blackness.  There was no escape.  It was just me and the Follower this time.  I held up the white crystal in the darkness.  It began to emit a thin, pure, white sparkling light.  The light slowly grew and, all around us, tiny points of star light appeared in the darkness.  The Follower emerged, in grey shadows, in front of me, with an outstretched arm.  He reached up towards the crystal but stopped with his invisible hand inches from my own.  I stayed absolutely still.  I stopped breathing.
The arm moved forward and the Follower deliberately clamped the crystal between his fingers.  I felt an icy chill as we touched.  I thought my heart would stop.  I felt my senses reeling.  At that moment I was tested and I felt I should give way, turn and run.  But then I caught a glimpse of Crystal in my mind’s eye, smiling down at me and I knew I had to be free; I knew the tide was turning.
“The crystal is mine,” I said.  “My life is my own.  I will be free.”
My voice sounded halting, timid and quiet but the sound of it somehow built my confidence and I repeated my words but much louder, much clearer than before.
“My life is my own.  I will be free.”
At that moment I felt his fingers’ grip pause.
“The crystal is mine,” I repeated.  “My life is my own.  I will be free,” and then, despite myself, I heard my own voice commanding: “Ego sum dominus temporis.”
I heard him hiss, “Nooooo!”
But I repeated the words three times: “Ego sum dominus temporis.  Ego sum dominus temporis.  Ego sum dominus temporis.”
I felt something change in his grip.  He suddenly released his hand and the crystal remained aloft.  I felt strong, much stronger than anyone, stronger than small the world of men and I heard myself laugh in scorn.  But I would not be tempted.
“I will be free,” my voice was stern.  “I can choose.  I am now.  I am free,” and this time my voice reverberated around the space.  “Ego sum dominus temporis.”
The glimmering light suddenly flared and all around the hundreds of stars exploded into glaring blinding flares.  The Follower spun around in a fury, holding his hands over his face.  The ancient figure began to produce a wailing sigh that grew into a searing shriek.  It ran to the edge of the chamber but crashed into the mirror wall.  It turned and ran frantically from side to side, colliding with the walls, shrieking all the while.  It seemed to search for the door but, in the Hall of Mirrors, it was lost in a thousand reflections that cascaded away in all directions.  I stood steadfastly still and waited for the end to come.  The Follower’s appearance began to change: liquid features slowly filled the vacant shadows beneath the cloak.  At first, I saw my own face and hands surrounding me; the reflections cascading in the mirrors.  Burning frightened eyes looked out.  The face passed through a lifetime in a minute.  The ancient man stopped and stared wildly about him and then he looked directly at me and lunged forward to strike at the crystal.  I stood my ground, waiting for the blow to fall.  But the Harry he attacked was only a reflection and a huge mirror shattered into fragments at his feet.
The Follower fell slowly to the ground and with a despairing sigh he rolled over onto his back.  He looked older still and tired and sad.  He lay motionless and silent, his features changing as he aged, beyond the realms of mankind, into the kingdom of the ancients.  I moved beside him and looked down.  The tears dropped down my cheeks.  He seemed a harmless, weak old man.  His face was wrinkled and small, like a monkey, with fathomless eyes that looked at me across all the years of his age.  I felt pity for this super-natural creature who was yet one of my own kind.  The skin on his face began to shrivel and he hoarsely whispered to me,
“To me now, my own destruction.”
The light faded from his eyes and the black hat sagged over a skeletal form that visibly disintegrated before me.  Within one long minute it had turned into a heap of grey ashen dust.  I stooped down and picked up the hat.  At last I understood.  The Follower was gone and only the crystal was left.  Only Crystal was left.  And the crystal was mine.  The light faded and I heard the scraping of the door as it opened behind me.
The Big City Gang moved slowly into the chamber and Finder came to my side.
“It is over,” he said simply.
We all left the scene of death and returned to the dock side.  The gang were strangely quiet during the journey.  Tuffy came up to me and spoke.
“Harry.  We must say good-bye.  I do not know who you are or why you came here, but I see you have strong friends.  They will look after you.  But now our time has also come.  The Big City Gang is here today but gone tomorrow.  We will leave before sunrise.  There is nothing for us in the Big City now.  The people have changed.  They have discovered community.  They are not scared any more because that night, when the ground trembled, they were more scared than ever before.  There is no place for a gang in a good city.  We have all survived but there is no Star Chamber and our secret ways have been removed without trace.  These things, we think, are maybe your doing?  But no matter, we will find a new world, a new place, over the mountains maybe.  Perhaps we could find the source of this old stream!  We are going, but you may remember us.  Good-bye Harry!  Bon voyage.  And remember, you are free.”
There was a murmur from the others as they sank into the shadows.
“Good-bye!” I blurted out.  “Go to the mountains and good luck go with you.”
I felt something well up inside me.  I wanted to follow them, to belong again, as I had that night, once before.  But they were gone and a sudden sorrow settled over me as I stared after them into the night.  The shadows had melted away and I heard no reply.  I felt saddened that the Big City Gang had been forced to leave, but I was relieved that they were all well.
Finder remained quiet for a time and looked away, out towards the sea.  The night breeze was chill and the salty wind dried my eyes as I too looked out to where Suidhe, my home, lay cloaked in darkness.
We walked through the silent streets to the ferry terminal.  It was closed and deserted but a sign outside announced the resumption of the island service in the morning.  I spent an uncomfortable night half sleeping on a grimy bench.  My travelling companion remained silent and often wandered off, seemingly troubled.  On Saturday, the early morning dawned grey and cool.  I looked across the sea towards the island but could not see it.  Again, as it so often does, mist had descended across the horizon a few miles out from the land.
We collected our bags and walked to the door.  There was no electric power and the building was dark.  The large halls and corridors within, where the bustle of travellers usually roamed day and night, were vacant.  A rather dowdy man came to the door and directed us around the side of the building, through the car parks and yards, to where the ferry waited.  It looked deserted.  We were the only passengers who boarded.  The crew waved us aboard and a young seaman told me that we would not need a ticket for this journey.
The boat waited until the appointed time to depart, but no other passengers arrived.  Finder paced the deck and kept looking out across the wilderness of empty car parks and deserted roads while the sailors prepared the boat to leave.  He said nothing but I felt sure he was looking for something.  Surely not the Follower?  The ferry slipped its moorings and the engines roared.  The vessel moved out into the harbour channel.  Only then did my companion turn and head for the shelter of the cabin.  A squall of rain splattered across the decks as we opened the door to the stairway below.  We descended to the saloon.
Five silent men sat on the benches surrounding the wall and looked almost statuesque.  On the sight of his friends, Finder burst into a smile and strode forward open armed to meet them.  They all stood and the Lords of the Double-Cross, dressed now in plain clothes, greeted each other in silence.
The port was fading from view behind a wall of approaching rain.  Ahead, the clouds clung to the sea.  The boat moved on and it seemed as if the world outside the vessel was just a dream.  A few minutes later, the Big City had disappeared behind but the island was not yet revealed ahead.  The isolation of this empty place on the ocean filled me with some strange foreboding.  My mind ached with confusion and tiredness.  I sat away from my companions and it seemed to me that I was a part of a larger thing: just one piece in a play that had already been written.  It was the essence of déjà-vu.
The six world worn travellers looked at me and, after a time, the Gold Lord spoke.
“Harry,” he said, “your journey is almost over.  You will be pleased to return home.  Do not be surprised by what you find.  One day we will meet again in a different place and at a different time.  We do not ask anything of you now, except this.  When Suidhe comes into view, go aloft and return to the island in the same manner as you left it.  You will be the guardian of the white crystal for the rest of your days and it will pay you to keep it where it belongs, on the island.  Some things that appear to change remain the same, just as some things that appear the same are always changing.  So it is with life, we grow older but yet we do not.  Time takes us around in circles of experience.”
The Gold Lord was quiet and I could not find any reply.  The quiet voice of Finder reciting another travelling poem broke through the thin silence that surrounded us.  The words seemed old and stony as the minstrel told a final tale.
The ferry cruised on through the white fog and a slight shimmer of blue showed across the bows.  The rain speckled windows brightened and the boat emerged into the real world again.  The showers lay behind, while ahead, the early morning sun burnished the ocean with the golden light that gilds the autumn storms.  I felt the blood return to my veins.  My head became flushed.  Something deep and homely welled below the surface of my thoughts.  I walked unsteadily up the stairs to the deck.  Turning towards the bow, I saw the horizon covered in green and grey and blue.  It was the cloud-covered hills of the island, my island.  This was Suidhe, my home, once more.  The bracing wind blew across my face but I did not feel it.  Tears trickled like rain on my cheeks but I was not aware of them.  An immense happiness filled me up to overflowing as the familiar shape of the land steadily grew and completed my vision.
Seagulls chased noisily overhead.  I made my way back to the place where I had hidden on my outward journey and thought about the Gold Lord’s words.  I had not understood, until then.  I took the white crystal in my hand.
I whispered to the wind: “Ego Sum Dominus Temporis.”
Even as the island had reappeared, I fell under the spell.  One last time, I held the stone in my hand.  I did not know why.  I walked down to the saloon through the open doors but no faces turned.  I wondered if they could see me or was I travelling in a different time?  I went back up to the deck.  The wind blew through my hair.  I could have laughed out loud in my joy and I waited for my home to return to me.  Here, now, I could decide.  I felt truly free.
The ferry entered the harbour and drew over to the dock.  The crew secured her as the six lords waited to cross to the shore.  I followed behind and found myself walking on the land that I loved.  The ground felt firm beneath my feet as I returned to the sea wall and found my alcove.  My hand released the crystal.  I was worn and tired with emotion.  I sat down and my head nodded until I heard the sea sloshing by the harbour wall as if in a dream.
I opened my eyes, which had been inexplicably closed.  I yawned and blinked and lifted my heavy head.  The sky had clouded again.  The morning was grey and damp and the musty smell of autumn was in the air.  A feeling of dreaming filled my mind like a silent questioner.  I held up my head and listened; all was quiet except the slow wash of the sea and the sound of the wind in my ears.  I looked about me. On the far side of the harbour, high on the cliff, by an old house, I saw a solitary figure looking down.  Something in my memory moved and I wondered who the distant man might be.  I sat there for a while watching the boat as the dock workers unloaded the post and cargo.  A handful of passengers arrived to board the ferry back to the Big City.  I recognised all of them.  The time I had spent on the mainland seemed to have slipped away.  I sat and watched the harbour life, just as I had done before.  I felt as if I had never been away, and yet I knew that I had.
I put my hand in my pocket to prove it to myself again.  There was the hard shape of the brooch that Crystal had given me the night we left Erebos, when I had given her the old coin from Sgurr-Cavan.  I took out the brooch and looked at it.  A small, almost insignificant thing it seemed.  Simple, gold and in the shape of a fish, it was set with a single glistening stone.  I wondered how she was and if I would ever see her again.
I stood up and, remembering the Lords of the Double-Cross, I looked around to see if they were still in the harbour.  But they, too, had gone.  I had not slept much the night before and I began to feel drunk with sleeplessness.  It was still early in the morning and it looked like rain.  I walked slowly away from the harbour and up the narrow street to my house, at the top of the hill.  The curtains were drawn across the windows.  My parents were not yet up.  I slipped around the back of the house, to the ledge in the garden and to my amazement I found that my window was open, just as I had left it.  I heaved my duffel bag in and climbed into the house as quietly as I could.  I shut the window behind me and stood in my room.  Leaving my clothes on the floor, I climbed into the bed.  It was the first proper bed I had slept in since leaving Erebos.  The warm sheets were heavenly.  Snuggled within them I looked around the small room.  My tired eyes were closing.  The mantelpiece, the pictures on the wall, the calendar still showing the day I had left, all was blissfully familiar, the essence of comfort, security, home.  Within seconds I was asleep.


Chapter Ten - Two Hearts

Chrissy dismounted Neptune and walked along the dusty track towards the farm, her home.  She knew that she should be happy.  Her wishes had come true and yet something still dragged at her feet and made them sluggish.  There was doubt in her mind.  What would she find when she reached the old house in the fields?
It was not far to go and she was soon close to the familiar places of her childhood, but they had all changed.  The sight of the dusty, dry land made Chrissy feel sad.  The hedges and trees were already brown; the skeletal leaves half-fallen.  There were no birds in the sky.  A strange, weary silence weighed heavily upon her ears and oppressed her thoughts.  The only sound was the soft fall of her shoes and the quiet clop of the horse.  She slowed almost to a standstill as she approached the final corner.  Chrissy took a deep breath, walked firmly on and the farmhouse came into view.  But the sight of the old house took all thoughts of worry from her mind.  Her heart leapt to be back home and she led the horse into the yard.
She opened the creaking door, slowly.  Just for a moment, she thought the house was empty.  Her heart faltered, where was everyone?  No one came to greet her and she could hear no sound from within.  Chrissy walked across the threshold and stood in the gloom of the kitchen.  Her heart was beating fast now.
Suddenly, Freeway and Bess, the two old dogs, raced across the room and jumped up.  Their tails were wagging and their excited eyes shining with happiness.  She threw down her pack and hugged the dogs affectionately.
“Freeway, Bess.  How I’ve missed you.  You silly old things,” she exclaimed.
She picked up her bag again and stood silently listening.  Chrissy looked through the tears that glistened in her eyes and called out:
“Mum, Dad, I’m home,” then she waited.
There was a hurried clattering of feet on the stairs and the round moony face of her mother stared disbelievingly across the room.  Her father followed his wife into the kitchen and all three of them stood for a moment in silence.  Only the dogs moved, chasing their tails and scampering across the room in their excitement.  Chrissy dropped her bag on the floor.  She began to laugh and running to her mother, embraced her.  She looked at her father and said:
“I’m so happy to be home.  Everything will be all right now.  The dam has gone, father.  I saw it go.  We stood there and saw it go.  You will not believe my adventures.  Say something, please say something...”
Her father stood absolutely still.  With flickering dark eyes he looked straight at his daughter.  Then he raised his hands and let out a great bellowing laugh.  Chrissy laughed with him, and they hugged each other.
Days later, the early morning sun climbed above the hills in the distance.  The familiar backdrop of the Snowy Mountains glinted in the rosy light.  Chrissy and her father were already up and planning their day.  They had so much to do on the farm.  Chrissy’s return had been the catalyst for action.  They were engrossed in their plan.  Together they would build the best farm in the Heartland.  The crops had failed this year, but next year they would be ready for a great harvest.
They stood in the yard poring over a large plan of the farm when the sound of voices broke through the silence and Chrissy looked up.  She saw a group of bedraggled and weary figures walking along the track.  Two of them were pulling an old cart piled with bulging sacks and boxes.  She recognised them immediately and caught her father’s arm.  Five youths strolled nonchalantly into the yard.  One walked ahead with his hands in his pockets and kicked the dirt with his worn out shoes.  He stopped and stood in front of Chrissy and her father.  Freeway and Bess stood between them, snarling at the intruders.  The dusty city clothes of the youths were incongruous and outlandish in the countryside.  Chrissy stifled a laugh as she surveyed the five dissimilar lads.  They had been supremely confident in the city, but now they were awkwardly scuffling in the dirt of the farmyard.  Chrissy called the dogs to heel with a whistle.
Chrissy’s father began to speak,
“What the...,” but his daughter interrupted him.
“Tuffy, Muffy, Huffy, Puffy, Duffy!” she cried.  “You can’t come here, this isn’t a city!” and she laughed with joy to see them.  “However did you find me?” she asked.
Tuffy stepped forward and said, rather meekly,
“Crystal, we didn’t,” he admitted.  “It was just chance that brought us here.  We’ve been walking forever through this forsaken place.  We need a rest.  But now that we are here, I just wondered if we could borrow a barn for tonight, just for one night.”
He stepped back and waited.
Puffy, meanwhile, had found a pig and the two creatures were holding a staring match over a fence.  The pig squealed and Puffy turned away and blushed bright pink.  It was the first live pig he had ever seen and he just couldn’t believe his eyes.
“You can’t stay in the barn...” said Chrissy, “but you can stay in the house.  We’ve plenty of room.”
And to her father she said,
“These are some of my friends from the Big City.  They can stay, can’t they?”  She smiled disarmingly as she spoke.
Chrissy’s father stood with his hands on his hips watching them suspiciously for a moment and then, relaxing, he said:
“If Chrissy says you’re all right, lads, then you’d better come on in,” and he turned towards the farmhouse as the others followed.  “You need some breakfast, by the look of you.  We’ve got some fresh bacon and eggs and a cup of tea.”
A horrified look spread over Puffy’s face.
“You don’t eat them pigs, do yer, mister?  I ain’t never goin’ to eat bacon again.  No, I couldn’t do that.”
Everyone laughed, except Puffy, and they all walked into the kitchen, where they sat down at the great table.
The Big City Gang hadn’t eaten wholesome food for days and they gorged themselves without talking.  After a while, Chrissy’s father broke the silence:
“Listen,” he said, “we need some help here.  There’s a lot of work to be done.  Hard work, mind; more than I can manage.  Could you folks stay for a while and lend a hand?  In return we’ll put you up and feed you, but I can’t offer much else.”
“Oh, we don’t need no money,” said Muffy.  “We’ve got a barrow load of that outside.  Just can’t find nothing to spend it on.”
“Yea, we’ll work for you, mister,” said Tuffy, “won’t we lads?”
They all cheered and shouted,
“The Big City Gang!”
At that moment, Chrissy’s mother walked serenely through the room.  She wore a flowing blue robe and her pale face held a perfect smile.  She passed by the company without appearing to notice them and stepped out into the yard.  All the breakfasters turned their heads and looked after her in silence.
After her daughter’s return, Chrissy’s mother moved into a distant dream world of her own making.  But the sound of the river babbling by the yard and the ducks splashing on the pond seemed to be working a cure for her melancholy.  Her strange cool smile would occasionally break into open laughter as she sat and watched her family and the new helpers working on the dusty dry land.
A week after Tuffy and the others had arrived, a new tractor and implements appeared in the farmyard.  It had all been bought with the casino money that Chrissy had brought back with her.  Even before the Big City Gang had arrived, Chrissy and her father had argued a dozen times about returning the money.  
“Listen, mister,” said Tuffy, “I dare say you don’t think much of us.  But there’s no point handing any money back.  There ain’t no one to hand it to.  That casino hit the dust and it’ll be years before they build another, if they ever do.  Even the Big City Bank has moved someplace else.”
Chrissy eventually persuaded her father at least to ‘borrow’ it and return it after they had put the farm to rights.
“After all,” she said, “the casino was a place where people went to lose money.”
The five lads worked hard and long.  Together, they enlarged the pond to act as a reservoir and channelled new irrigation ditches across the fields.  The weeks passed by but the gang did not move on; there was too much to do.  The workers were enjoying the new pleasures of labour.  They felt the satisfaction of physical effort and a job well done.  The years together on the streets of the city had made them a formidable team.  Tuffy and Chrissy’s father began to make plans for the future.  They bought the abandoned neighbouring properties at a bargain price using the money from the casino raid.  Under the expert guidance of Chrissy’s father, they prepared everything as best they could for the winter.
“When we go, mister,” said Tuffy, “you’ll have to hire some help from somewhere.”
“You could always stay,” he replied.
“No, we’re city people, not country folk,” said Tuffy.  “We can cross the mountains and find another city.  We need streets and people, not cows and corn.”
“We’ll see...  we’ll see.”
The winter months were harsh.  The clouds filled the fields with snow and the rivers with rain.  The mountains were impassable, so Tuffy and the others decided to stay until the cold weather was over.  The cold months passed and when the spring came it was bountiful and brilliant.  The crops grew in the fields like a green tide spreading across a desert.  The new farmers slowly forgot their dreams of a new city as they watched their corn rising in the fields.  They found themselves more and more at home in the country.  As the weeks lapsed into months they found that they had decided to stay.
The five farmers with Chrissy and her father formed a co-operative.  In the early days of their new life, they lived in a large farmhouse about a mile away from Chrissy.  Slowly, they renovated the other surrounding farms, until each member of the old gang had a farm of his own.  (Puffy became a pig farmer.)  The memories of their years in the city faded in the new world of the Heartland.  Other people returned to the villages and some went to work on the farms.  Through hard work and diligence, the community slowly revived, renewed and prospered.  There were many hardships and setbacks in those years, but the new farmers learnt their trade well.  They put their youth behind them and they stopped using their old gang names.  No one who came to the area knew of their past.  They slowly metamorphosed into the New Farmers’ Union.  Eventually, they gathered together enough profit to put aside the money they had stolen from the casino.  They used this to start a charity to run a local school for a new generation of children. 
One by one, the members of the ‘New Farmers’ took wives and raised families themselves.  All except Tuffy who stayed alone.  He seemed to be waiting for something.
Years of hard work brought rewards and the farms grew.  The families became wealthy and supplied the Big City with cereal, milk and livestock.  Chrissy and her parents stayed on their own farm, at the centre of the new community.  It was a community that had sprung from their efforts and vision.
Chrissy would ride from field to field through the long summer evenings on her favourite horse.  The one the Emerald Lord had given to her.  Then one fine day she walked out to find another horse.  It had arrived alone in the farmyard and waited patiently for her as she approached.  It was a large but very old horse with a scar on its hind quarter.  It had travelled many miles to her Heartland home but she never knew how it had found her.  She cried when she saw old Pegasus, because it reminded her of Harry.
Chrissy did not tell all her adventures to her parents or friends.  She often remembered the long journey through the tunnel and across the mountains.  Sometimes, late at night, watching the moon by the pond, she wondered what had become of her travelling companion and friend, Harry.  Hard work put him out of her mind but always the memories came back and they scared her.  She had just been a girl then, Harry just a boy and it seemed that maybe it was all just a dream, just a teenage fantasy.  Then she thought of Tuffy, now a strong, clear headed farmer and she knew he was waiting for her to decide.  If only she could know which way to go.  She sat on her bench as the stream trickled by: a babbling melody, like a song, came into her head.
“Hear me, Harry,” she whispered, “Hear me, now.”  And Chrissy sang to the far plains and the sea.  In the house, her father smiled.

“History is the password:
Just cryptic clues to the crossword,
Answering the questions in time.

All knowledge is invented
By memories that are tainted,
Stained by the mystery and crime...  of time.

The standing stones have stood so long,
The thrones of kings who once were strong,
Their armies buried beneath these rolling hills.

But now the power is diluted,
The streams of thought are all polluted,
Men are poisoned by their selfish wills.

Make your way, the vision has ended;
Love lies lost and undefended,
The castle walls fall broken to the ground.

The light has dimmed, the mirror shattered,
The strength of life lies crushed and scattered;
Where are the answers to be found?

In spirits of the future sailing,
Brighter than the comet trailing
Above the rolling winter evening skies.

Trust in love, reach for survival,
Life returns with your arrival;
See time passing higher as she flies...

Turn around and face the future;
Find the truth, a new adventure,
The journey holds the answer to the dream.

Take my hand and find a new way;
The passing night will bring a new day,
Lay beside me and listen to the stream...
...  you are the answer to my dream. ”

*****
My dreams were filled with water.  Rivers, falls, lakes and breaking dams crashed and then lulled to the quiet call of a distant stream.  I heard Chrissy singing far away.  I woke up suddenly to the sound of my father’s voice calling from downstairs.
“Harry, do get up, it’s late!”
I was in-between sleeping and waking, in that cloudy never-never land where reality is hard to place.  But the sight of my tattered duffel bag, on the floor beside the bed, brought my thoughts to order.  How long had I been away?  I didn’t know.  Somehow, I had lost count of the days.  I was not even sure which day of the week it was.  The clock on the desk showed a quarter past eleven.  Breakfast must have finished long ago.
How could I explain where I had been?  Who would believe me if I did?  Questions filled my head as I got out of bed and dressed.  I felt relieved and surprised when I heard the front door open and my father say his usual general ‘Good-bye,’ to whoever would listen.  The moment of telling had been delayed, for a while, but why had he gone out without asking me where I had been?
I went downstairs and I felt as though I was suffering from amnesia, only in reverse.  I could remember too much.  Time had passed, things had happened, momentous adventures had occurred and yet, I didn’t quite know: had it all been true?
I found that the house was empty and I sighed with relief.  The kitchen table was still laid with my place for breakfast.  I prepared some food and I ate heartily.  The simple familiar place appeared quaint as I remembered the grandeur of Erebos.  But this small happy house was greater, it was my home.  I was back at last, it was real and I felt the tide of relief, building on the shores of my mind.
I began to work out how long I had been away, counting the days off in my head.  I went to the Big City on a Saturday and met the Big City Gang.  Crystal and I had left through the tunnels overnight on Saturday and we spent Sunday in the darkness of the underground river.  The two of us had crossed the marshes by river on Monday and Tuesday.  We had passed through the small town on the Wednesday and that night we stayed in the yew wood coomb but fled from the terrifying ‘wolf-men’ in the woods.  The Lords of the Double-Cross accompanied us through the forest on Thursday.  The party arrived at Erebos on Thursday night and there we stayed overnight.  We were entertained at Erebos on Friday but escaped on Friday night, which was the night of the first quake.  Chrissy and I climbed into the Snowy Mountains on Saturday and watched the second earthquake break the dam on Saturday afternoon.  Afterwards, we made our way through the mountains on Saturday and Sunday, descending to the plains on Monday.  I parted company with Chrissy on Tuesday morning, after meeting Finder.  Finder and I travelled downstream through Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.  Shadowed by the Follower, we entered the Big City on Friday where we met the Big City Gang and where the Follower finally met his end.  We spent the night in the city and caught the ferry home early this morning.  Two weeks exactly: so today should be a Saturday.
The daily paper was in the usual place on the sideboard and I picked it up to confirm the day.  Yes, it was a Saturday.  But, no, it couldn’t be: the date on the paper was the 3rd September, the day on which I had left.  If this was today’s paper, I had never been away!  Perhaps they had kept this old one.  I saw the note that I had written two weeks earlier, it was lying on the floor below the mantelpiece, half hidden and untouched.  It must have fallen down.  I blushed involuntarily and put the piece of paper in my pocket.  I went into the study where my father kept a desk calendar; it was also set to 3rd September.  I began to worry.  Had my adventure only been a dream?  I ran upstairs to my room and searched for the brooch that Crystal had given to me.  It was safe where I had put it.  I heaved a sigh.  I knew I had been there, that we had been together.  But somehow time had played tricks on me.  Strange happenings and magic crystals, ancient legends and old lords: were these things to be understood?  The earthquake, had that been real?
The postman called and pushed some letters through the door.  The post always came late on a Saturday.  I picked them up and nearly dropped them: two were for me.  I opened the first letter nervously; it was from my friend Frank, now living in the Big City.  It had been posted two weeks earlier.  It began...
‘Dear Harry,
We moved in last week and have a house in the Housing District, which is District 5.  The city is a wonderful place and one day soon you must come and visit.  I will show you all the sights.  You will not believe your eyes! ...’

And so it continued.  The letter was signed: ‘Frank’.

The second letter had unfamiliar handwriting on the envelope.  The letter had been addressed simply to ‘Harry, The Old Schoolhouse, Oldford, Suidhe.’  I opened it and removed the paper.

‘Dearest Harry,
I arrived back home on the farm yesterday.  My mother is not very well but my father is like a new man.  The river has really returned now.  I just cannot believe it and neither can the ducks!  I hope you are well and have arrived safely.  How strange it has been, but how wonderful it is now.  The farm will take a while to put right, but I gave my father the money from the casino, that should see us through.  I have not told them all the stories yet; they would never believe me if I did!  And they have not asked.  My father says it is a miracle and in a way it is.
I could go on writing forever, but I don’t know where to begin.  So I will go now.  I have to look after my mother.  I shall think of you every day and one day we will meet again.  Please write.
Love
Chrissy.’

I knew then that everything was true and real, but how, I did not dare to think.  The sun broke through the clouds outside and sparkled on the distant sea.  I took my jacket and went outside, walking slowly down the road to the quayside, savouring every inch, enjoying every moment of the way.  Something inside me was elated.  I felt light and happy.  I sat down by the harbour wall and read and re-read the letter from Chrissy while the boats sailed in and out of the harbour below me.
I saw Old Eric making his slow, hobbling way across the quayside, and he came to sit beside me on the bench.
“What you got there, boy?” he chuckled.  “Love letter is it?”
The old man grinned as I blushed and I quickly put the letter away.
“Not still looking for them stones, are yer?”
“No,” I said.  “I don’t think I want to find them any more.”
We sat together for a while and he talked of the old days at sea, but I could only think of my own adventures and soon went on my way.
I decided to walk up Sgurr-Cavan to the Temple of the Wind and see if I could understand what had happened so long ago and how I had become a part of it.  I felt the weight of the white crystal in my pocket and wondered what was really true and what was false.  Then I returned slowly to the house.  I found my mother and father at home.  My heart missed a beat and I hesitated by the door but they barely lifted their eyes as I entered.  I told them that I would be going up the hill and made up some provisions.  I took my duffel bag from upstairs and went down to the kitchen.
“Who are you going with?” asked my father.
“No one,” I replied.
“I don’t think you should go alone.  I will go with you,” he said.  “I haven’t been up there for years.  And somebody has to stop you catching your death again!”
At first, I felt affronted by the thought.  But I relented and, shortly afterwards, we set out on the walk.
The journey to the hill was uneventful.  We walked together in silence, for most of the time, and we arrived, dusty but unscathed, at the summit.  The two of us stood at the Temple of the Winds and looked out across the magnificent views towards the mainland.  My father broke the silence and said:
“I had a dream once, when I was about your age, which I have never forgotten...”
As he spoke, a figure suddenly emerged at the precipice of the hill, silhouetted on the skyline, in front of the sun.  We both froze and stared in silence.  In that moment and without warning, I felt scared.  The dark figure stood still, watching us and then another joined him, and another and another, until there were six, standing in a curve, at the edge of the clearing.  One of the six walked slowly towards us and I recognised something in his manner.  I walked forward to meet him.
“Stop, Harry,” my father called out but I kept on walking.
The Gold Lord strode to meet me and we shook hands.  He smiled and I turned and beckoned to my father, who was still standing behind and watching.
“Meet my friends, father,” I said.
“We have already met, Harry,” said the Gold Lord, “at the Council of the Elders.”
“We have come to the island to choose a new White Lord,” said the Emerald Lord.
“And so we call upon your father,” continued the Red Lord.
“To ask his permission to nominate you, Harry,” said the Violet Lord.
“Why me?” I stammered.
“Because you have the white crystal,” answered the Purple Lord.
“If you accept,” said the Blue Lord.
“There is one condition,” spoke the Gold Lord.  “The white crystal must remain on the island, where it is safe, and where it will do no harm.  Suidhe will be its resting place.
“The White Lord is the guardian of the crystal, and the island will be the guardian of the White Lord,” he added.
Finder had returned in his finery as the Emerald Lord.  He stepped forward and looked directly at me as he spoke.
“You need not accept this burden now,” he said.  “I shall remain on the island, for as long as necessary, until your decision is made.  I shall tell you of the ways of our Order and of the Lords of the Double-Cross.  We will go now, but I shall see you again, soon.  This is a symbol of faith to call you to the Council of the Elders.  Inside, you will find all you need to know.  Good-bye.”
So saying, he gave me a small wooden case emblazoned with the Double-Cross.  It contained a gold chain and a medal struck with the same symbol.  The case also held a small parchment scroll.  I opened the scroll and read:

‘By this Act and upon the Order of the Council of the Elders we call upon you to attend in good time at the appointed place with our Company where we wish to lay before you our Argument in your Favour.  Our Meet will convene on Friday at sunset.
Signed the Master of the Council of the Elders.
The Cleve, Suidhe.’

The Lords of the Double-Cross all bowed before us and retired as secretly as they had arrived.  I wanted to ask my father what he knew, how much of a part he had played.  I looked at him as he stood there staring out to sea.
“This is a beautiful island,” he said.  “I love living here, it fills me with contentment and I long for nothing else, except for the happiness of my family.”
He turned to me and smiled.
“Say nothing now,” he said.  “Next week we will go to the Cleve and the Meet.  I think it will become a little clearer then.”
We stayed for a while on the summit of the Sgurr-Cavan but soon we walked back to the path.  A misty cloud spread across from the mainland as we descended to the coast and Oldford.
My father and I set out for the Cleve on the Friday evening.  The old building overlooked the harbour and stood on its own, away from the other buildings in Oldford.  I recognised it as the place where I had seen the man standing above the harbour.  An aged butler opened the door and showed us into a small dining hall within.  A long, grey, wooden table rested on trestles, surrounded by sixteen chairs.  At the centre of the board was a carving of the Double-Cross and around it the words ‘Ego Sum Dominus Temporis’ were engraved in an old gothic script.  There were six chairs along each side and two at each end.  The Lords of the Double-Cross sat along the left side and six others sat along the right side.  A sign was carved into the table top, in front of each of the six Lords of the Double-Cross:
‘R  Knowledge,
G  Freedom,
E  Friendship,
B  Truth,
P  Destiny,
V  Faith.

All were silent as we entered.  The butler indicated our places at one end of the table.  The two remaining seats were empty.  The letter ‘W’ with the word ‘Reason’ was carved in front of one and in front of the other was the letter ‘S’ and the word ‘Mystery’.
Everything in the chamber seemed ancient and rustic.  Dust spread along the shafts of evening sunlight that penetrated through high windows.  A small, wrinkled man, whom I took to be the Master, stood and bowed.  His melancholy, crow-like voice crackled through the hazy, dry air:
“The Council of the Elders welcomes you to this Meet.  Let the business commence.”
The preamble to the meeting was slow and long.  I sat and gazed at the company.  The sun was setting and the butler entered to light six old candles that stood in grotesque wax covered stands along the length of the table.  The light illuminated the faces and sparkled in the eyes of the men.  I did not recognise the members of the Council.  They all appeared very old and somehow unworldly.  Yet they also had an air of timeless wisdom that shone in their eyes, so clear but so deep.
At last, the Master turned to me and spoke.
“I call on you, Harry Small, who are with us this day, to accept the position of guardian of the white crystal.  Should you take this burden, then you shall be the White Lord of the Company of the Double-Cross: the Lord of Reason.  I am empowered to offer you the whole protection of the Council of the Elders for as long as that is required.”
He paused and then looked directly at me.
“What say you, young man?” he asked.
All eyes were upon me.  I stood up and looked around the company.
“I cannot reply here,” I said.  “I believe I am not ready.  But I propose a solution.  Why can you not take the white crystal into safe keeping within the Council?”
“That may never be,” he said.  “We are powerful and, as you have seen, our number can be corrupted.  It would not be safe for us or for our world if we held the white crystal; we journey about the world too far.  Also, our time here is short and the world has long to live after we have gone.  The time has come for these mysteries to pass into the modern world and then our place in history will fade to a memory.”
“But why is it safe for me?” I asked.
“Because you are truthful and without ambition for yourself.  Because you alone have seen the secret of Erebos and can understand the power that lurks there.  Because you faced the Follower and now you are free.  But most of all, you have discovered the secret place where it is said the white crystal grows.”
I looked up and remembered the silhouette on the skyline above the Sgurr-Cavan.  The Master continued:
“You shall come to see that the choice has already been made.  The Council will wish to discuss in camera.  You may leave.”
The butler immediately returned and ushered my father and me to an ante-room.  We stayed there for some time while the indecipherable murmurings of the Elders droned on in the dining hall.  We sat in silence and I almost fell asleep.
Finder eventually came and requested us to return to our places.  Time had passed slowly.  I looked at the clock, it was a quarter to twelve.  We returned to the meeting room.
The Master stood and spoke.
“We have decided.  We accept your argument and wish only this.  The white crystal will remain with you, but our request will remain also.  The Emerald Lord will stay upon Suidhe until you reach a decision.  These things will come to pass at the proper time.”
The Master sat down, but even as he sat, there came a distant rumbling crack, very faintly borne on the night air.  A slight shower of fine powder filtered down from the roof of the hall and we all felt a small but perceptible vibration beneath us.  Instantly I knew: the earthquake.  It was Friday night!  The earthquake at Erebos had occurred today.  Strangely, time was returning to itself.  I was here and now but yet I knew I was also somewhere far away then.
I understood why we had been summoned so late to this meeting  All eyes were upon me in that dreary hall but no one spoke.  A minute of silence passed and I stood waiting.  The company stood with me and the Master said in a melancholy voice:
“It is the beginning of the end.”
The Council remained standing as the butler ushered my father and me from the room.
Outside, it was cold and I shivered.  Towards the mainland, I saw brief flashes from an approaching storm across the sea.
“You have decided wisely,” my father said as we walked down the hill.  “Life will go on now.”
The following day there was a further vibration: the second dam-breaking quake and somewhat stronger than the first, but there appeared to be no damage done on the island.

*****
After I returned to Suidhe, my life did return to normal and so it continued for many years.  The time passed much as it had before my adventure on the mainland.  I only sent one short letter to Chrissy and I did not know if it was received because I had no reply.  Despite my good intention, I never made time to send another and so we lost contact.  Two years later, I went away to a university in a distant town far away from Suidhe and the Big City.  I remained there for three years.
I had always intended to return to the island, but after I qualified I found a job working on the mainland, in the Big City.  My life in the Big City was a disappointment.  At first, I tried to find some trace of the Big City Gang, but so much had changed after the earthquake that there was no sign of the places I had known so many years before.  I never found the gang and they never found me; I concluded that they really had gone away across the Snowy Mountains.  
I did seek out my old friend Frank.   To our great joy, we renewed our friendship.  After two years in the Big City, I obtained a different situation in a provincial town many miles away.  In all, I was away for nearly seven years before I finally sailed back across the sea to my birthplace.  It was ten years after the adventures of the white crystal and the earthquake, when I finally returned to Suidhe.
On my arrival, I stayed in my parents’ house on the hillside.  Everything seemed smaller, older and simpler than I had remembered it to be.  One morning, shortly after I had returned home, I walked down to the small harbour and sat in the old place by the sea wall, as I had done so often, many years before.  I waited, expecting to see the familiar form of Old Eric ambling down the quay, but the sailor never came.  I went to the water’s edge where the fishermen were working on the boats.
“Where’s Old Eric?” I asked.
The first fisherman looked at me suspiciously.
“Who?” he replied.
Another, older man, looked up and took the pipe from between his teeth.
“You won’t find Old Eric here, young man,” he said.  “Not these five years past.”
I understood that he had died.  I felt saddened by the news and I returned to the bench where the old salt used to sit and watch the scene.
While I was sitting by the harbour wall, a man did approach.  At first, I did not recognise him.  He stood before me and smiled.  It was Finder.  He seemed much older than the memory I carried of him and he also appeared tired and worn.  He sat beside me and we looked out across the sea for a while, in silence.
“Harry, a long time has passed, but it’s good to see you back.  You are well?”
“Yes,” I replied.  “I...”  But I could not find anything to say.
“The time will come soon, when I must leave,” he said.  “But before I go, I need to know your answer.  We have waited patiently for many years and the old order is passing away.  The Lords of the Double-Cross have served their time here.  The world is changing and there is no need for us to remain.  The white crystal is already old and its power is passing.  But the secret of the source needs a keeper until the end, when it will fall into history.”
I had never replied to the request of the Lords of the Double-Cross, or the Council of the Elders, because I felt something was missing.  The passing years had told me what it was.  I turned and looked at Finder:
“I will do it,” I said, “and gladly.  I will stay on this island, now, for the rest of my life, I have no need to stray again.  Your condition will be met.  But in my turn, I make just one request of you.  If I am not to leave the island ever again, I still wish to see Crystal, if she is willing, one more time.  Can you ask her to visit me here and let me know her reply?”
Finder assented and seemed immediately brighter and less weary.  One month later he returned again and we met at the same place as before, but this time there were three of us and Crystal seemed radiant and delighted.  She, too, had changed but I knew, before we spoke, by the feeling inside me, that we had a special place in each other’s hearts.  I could tell by the laugh in her eyes and the warmth of her voice that she shared my thought.  We stood facing each other on the quay while Finder looked on.
“Chrissy,” I said simply, hardly believing she was real, “I wanted to give you this.  I’ve kept it with me all these years, just to tell me it was true...  what we did.”  I pressed the small fish brooch into her palm.
“Oh! Harry! Of course it was true.  You knew I would come, didn’t you? You didn’t think I would let you down?” and she took out the small coin.  “I always keep it with me.”
“No, it is I who let you down.  I hoped you would come,” I replied.  “But I was scared we may have changed.  That is why I never tried to find you.  I didn’t want to break the magic spell of my memories.  It seemed too good to be true.  Do you forgive me?”
“Silly Harry!” she said as she looked at me with liquid eyes.  “Listen, I remember too... and she sang, her woman’s voice more beautiful than the girl’s before it.
‘New beginnings, old friends,
the parting of many ways,
yet love and friendship never ends
while memories fill the days.’
“But now I am here, we are together and the spell is not broken, it is renewed.”
Despite my fears, time had worked for us.  I had always thought that time would move us apart but, somehow, it had moved us together.  The years had been good to Chrissy; she was a beautiful woman, confident, strong and clever.  I took her hand and we hugged each other.
We three companions of old shared a day of walking and stories.  Chrissy and I found we could speak without talking.  Something deep inside us was shared, our two hearts were indeed as one.  Chrissy stayed for a week at the Old Inn, there being no room in our small house, and every day we spent time exploring the island and our memories.
Finder remained with us that week and we set a date for the small ceremony of investiture into the Order.  Chrissy left with Finder and it was to be a long time before we all met again.  The six Lords of the Double-Cross and I gathered one early morning, high on Sgurr-Cavan, at the Temple of the Wind.  There, I became the White Lord and guardian of the white crystal.  The Council of the Elders had determined that the only solution to the safe keeping of the future was to give the task of holding the secret to the one person they knew already possessed it, and understood that it was a thing of beauty, not of power.  So it was that the White Lord changed from the Wizard and Charlatan, the Necromancer and Magician, to an ordinary man.  At that time, the Order changed forever and the Council of the Elders fell back into memory.  With the passing of Mystery the ‘strength of eight’ was broken.  Reason had taken over.  The six were only seen together on one other occasion on the island of Suidhe.
Alone after the investiture, I climbed over Sgurr-Cavan and scrambled down to the cave entrance that led to the chamber of light that I had seen with Frank so many years before.  But a mass of fallen rock barred the entrance to the chamber.  The roof had collapsed, probably in the earthquake ten years before, and the White Crystals were sealed below the earth where they would never be found.  There were only two white crystals still left with any power and they were with Chrissy and me and their power was ours together.  I felt happy and yet sad that such a magical but dangerous place had been destroyed.  I walked down from the hill with a lighter heart than I had carried on the upward journey.
I have never left this island since that day and I do not believe that I ever shall.  I am content to stay here.

*****
One other event in my life comes from the old story.  One year after returning to the island I welcomed a friend to stay.  It was Chrissy, and now she lives here with me.  
The day of her return to the island is one I shall never forget.  I had proposed marriage to her, on the last day of her first visit, a year earlier.  She accepted, on condition that she would complete the work that she had started on the farm.  She had told me that when all was ready, her parents would retire and she would pass the management of the farm over to a co-operative of other farmers that had started in the area.
During that year, we wrote to each other every week but never saw one another.  My father retired and he and my mother went to live in a small cottage by the harbour.  I remained in the house and I became the teacher for our small community, just as my father had done before me.
The ferry docked on the day appointed for the marriage.  It was my twenty-seventh birthday.  I stayed in the house on the hill while my father greeted Chrissy and the other guests who had arrived.  I looked out of the window and saw many people walking up the street and I went into the chapel to welcome the guests.  Chrissy’s mother and father were the first to enter.  We had never met before and I greeted them warmly.  Their fellow farmers from the co-operative followed them.  The men each brought with them their families, all dressed in fine clothes.  They were an imposing group and yet I felt there was some strange familiarity about the men.  They all greeted me like an old friend but I did not recognise any of their names.
The next to enter was my old friend Frank, who had returned to be best man.  Although we had rarely met in the intervening years, we had remained faithful friends.  My own family, very few, entered.  My mother looked proud but my father’s feelings remained hidden, as usual.  There followed a number of islanders and friends from Oldford and Newbridge until the small chapel was almost full.  I took my place in front of the altar to await Chrissy.
There was a moment of silence and the doors opened again.  Everyone glanced behind.  But it was not Chrissy.  The final two parties I had not expected.  A group of six old, white-haired men processed through the door.  The first was the Master of the Council of the Elders.  Everyone in the chapel became hushed as he entered.  Something in his manner required reverence.  The five elderly men followed him slowly.  They took their places in silence.  In the final party were the six Lords of the Double-Cross.  They entered, dressed in fine clothes, each in his special colour.  They carried their gold swords in the scabbards at their sides.  They looked like noble lords from ancient times and the congregation greeted them with gasps.  The Gold Lord led their procession.  They stood three each side of the entrance and held their swords aloft in the form of a ceremonial arch.  In the silence that followed, Chrissy, radiant and beautiful, walked slowly beneath the swords and up the aisle.
After the service, there followed a wedding feast, which we held in the old hall at the Cleve.  The butler, who had grown very old, opened the door to the party.  My father and I had cleaned and decorated the grey and dusty room for the occasion.  My friends prepared a great feast, which they spread on the tables, and a band played on the balcony.  The guests ate and danced until the night became morning.
Long before the final dance had ended, Chrissy and I made our farewells to those we knew would never return.  We said good-bye to the Council of the Elders; they were strangers even then.  We thanked the Lords of the Double-Cross, each of whom had given a generous gift.  We were sad indeed, as we turned last of all to Finder.
“We will go now,” he said, “and we will not return, for our time here is over.  But yours has just begun.  The past is our land but the future belongs to you, whom we leave and love so dearly.”
He took Chrissy’s hand and kissed it gently, then he shook my own and finally he turned to join the others as they left us for the last time.  We watched them go; it was a bittersweet moment.
A little later, we took leave of the party and bade them enjoy themselves.  We left the Cleve, amidst much noise and gaiety.  The revellers, particularly, I noticed, the farmers, celebrated the moment.
We walked out into the night and I brought home my bride.  So it came to pass that the two white crystals returned to the island and were united again.

*****
In the years that have passed we have grown to be content.  The passage of time has not much affected us and the island remains a haven for peace and a refuge from the modern world.  We live here happily now and, above me, in my old bedroom, sleeps my son.  I sometimes wonder what he will find in the Big City.
I have never left the island and somehow I know I never will.  I will keep the promise I made without difficulty.  I hear much from those I meet and they tell me about the world outside; that is enough.
They say the Big City over the water is ever changing.  The river, once hidden, runs proudly through the city dividing it and joining it.  The people have built twelve beautiful bridges across the waters.  The river has trees lining its length and gardens that dip into the waters on either side.  The people go there to relax and be friends with each other and the ducks, geese and swans that now live there happily.  Boats glide under the bridges and barges sail through to the docks carrying cargoes of produce from the Heartland farms.  The river also supplies the city with drinking water and even in the driest of weather there is enough for all.  Today, the Big City is famous for its beautiful river and elegant bridges.  Of course, it is still a busy place and full of people, cars and commerce, but somehow, it is a little better now than it was before.
The identity of the farmers did not remain a mystery to me for long.  The Big City Gang had gone, but I will never forget it.  The farmers and their families are all known to me now.  They have told me of their lives in the country and how they helped Chrissy to rebuild her father’s farm.  Tuffy had come alone to the house the day after the wedding and asked to see Chrissy.  She pressed my hand and went out with him to walk briefly.  I had known from the early days of our adventure that Tuffy was a suitor for Chrissy’s hand.  It weighed heavily on my mind when I realised that for the last ten years they had seen each other almost every day.  My respect for Tuffy grew from that knowledge and I felt sad as the years passed and he never took a wife.
The dam in the Snowy Mountains remains broken: a symbol of a hopeless past and of the power that exists in this old earth.  The Big City does not need it any longer.  The river runs its natural course through the farms of the Heartland, although it is not the same as before and some folks still look back to the old times before the dam.  The farms are bigger now, but less isolated; they have new roads and cars.  The river is the central feature of the Heartland and it attracts many tourists, who cruise up and down the old canal, now restored.  Many people stay on the farms in the summer or camp in the foothills of the Snowy Mountains.
The place that used to be Erebos has become a holiday resort.  There is a large lake that has formed in the grounds of the old house and, bubbling to the surface in the centre, is the famous hot spring of Elysium.  Settlers built a small town with hotels and camping sites on the lake shore. Now people go there to take the waters.  People invented legends telling of the old man, who lived in the submerged house beneath the lake, and of the mystical caverns below.  Of course, no one really believes the tales: they are already legends.
The Snowy Mountains remain unchanged.  The wild rocky peaks are still home to eagles.  Wolves can sometimes be heard to cry out on moonlit nights.  The shepherds still graze their flocks on the higher pastures during the brief summer months, but there are fewer shepherds than before.  A few hardy walkers and climbers spend time in the mountains during the summer, but the essence of the place remains the same.  There have been no more earthquakes rumbling and rattling the great stone hills.  The ‘great quake’, as it became known, seems to have stabilised the region.
On the island of Suidhe, life continues as it always has done.  Few new people come to live here.  The sea crossing is a protection for the place.  Many visitors come here in the summer months but rarely find the heart of the island.  They come to look at the quaint little towns and to lie on the beaches.  They come to escape, not to stay.  There are still fishermen who sail out in their boats from the harbour each day.  The one ferry still plies the waters, to and fro, but the city folk find it hard to live without cars or television or daily papers.  We have none of those things here.  It is the lack of those man-made and ephemeral things that make this island a special place to those who live here, although not all the islanders realise it.

*****
Now I stand by my window in the night and watch across the waves to where the lights of the Big City are sparkling on the waters, hovering like tiny insects in the night sky.  I look at them, and somehow see beyond them, into the dim distance of time.  I feel the icy, cool breeze blow over the sea from the Snowy Mountains.  I know that somewhere, deep below the lake at Elysium, there lies the remains of Dr. Wolfe, for he was never found after the earthquake.  Molten rock and falling stone had sealed all the passages leading to the old mines.
I sometimes think about the past, but it has taken on the quality of a dream now and seems to cross the boundaries of invention and reality.  I do not know where the future will lead us either, for although I may find the past, I am no longer permitted to witness the future, as I once did with Chrissy.
So the years pass by and my own son grows.  He is barely a child and not quite a man.  I think of him in his room.  I walk to the window.  As I stand and watch the skies, a singular distant light, barely perceptible, traces an arc through the heavens.  It is a comet, perhaps; I cannot tell.  Although I see it now, I know that it has already passed a very long time ago while, since then, the light has been crossing the vast empty distance from there to here.  I see it, but it isn’t there; it is a traveller in space and in time.  I watch it a moment longer and from it I understand a little more.  I leave the open window and sit at my desk to pick up my pen again to write...
‘...now, as I sit in my room and look out through the dark window, I can see across to the mainland and the Big City.  The lights of the city shine and twinkle on the horizon like a distant fairground floating on a sea of black.’
Later, I put down my pen and turn out the light.  It is very late; I have been writing half the night.  I go to the window and look out at the first light of the approaching dawn.  It is too late to sleep tonight and so I put on my coat and take the old broad brimmed hat from the peg.  I walk to the cliffs above the harbour.  There, by the Cleve, I stand and watch the endless motion of the sea.  Each wave is different and yet somehow the same.
I see a small shadow figure moving on the harbour wall and I feel a cold shiver pass through me.  If I go home now, what will I find?  Upstairs, in my old room, will the window be open and the bed be empty?  Is the white crystal travelling and will the Lords of the Double-Cross soon be gathering?  I sit, unable to move for a moment, and in my mind’s eye I seem to see, far away beneath the Snowy Mountains, the wizened face of a strange, white haired old man, looking out into the night from a castle tower and waiting...  But I gather myself together and walk back home.  I climb the stairs and open the door to my old room, where I find my son still peacefully sleeping.

Epilogue
White light is reflected
High in the skies,
Invading this earthly space.
The comet that landed
Endures in the eyes
Captured by one of our race.
Remember the time
You looked in the stone,
Still fire with a heart of ice?
That truth is together
And lives here for ever
Light in the night of your eyes.


The end.

Dear reader,

Thank you for reading my book.  I hope you enjoyed reading it as much I enjoyed writing it.  It was written for you.  I am always delighted to receive any feedback, messages, criticisms or thoughts, so please do send me something at this email link .  I have a brief web site at www.exoddy.co.uk where any new information on future work will be posted.  Alternatively, you can write to me at the following address:

Exoddy Books, 
PO Box 1206, 
GUILDFORD, 
GU1 9RH
United Kingdom.

www.exoddy.co.uk

This story is dedicated to my son for whom it was originally written.

Best wishes

Stephen Morley



Link to Table of Contents


Also by Stephen Morley

Moses Trod
‘It was the hills that made him...’ so begins a drama of contrasts where the characters from two generations intertwine through the life of Mark Hunter, a child of the Second World War whose life takes him from his native Cumberland to the City of London encountering music, wealth, women, good times and bad as he struggles to come to terms with his life, his love and so leave the world a better place than he found it.  Mark is helped on his way through the decades by fellow musicians, business men and bankers, but it is the next generation, the twin daughters of his business partner, and his own estranged family, that hold the keys to understanding his world.  Beneath this fast flowing story lies Moses, a tramp who wanders the streets and hills weaving together the threads of an unfolding drama that brings together the art of beauty, madness, truth, lies, greed and humility in a rich picture of a society that is forever changing and populated by characters searching for an idyll that proves as elusive as it is compulsive.  Finally, Mark returns to the hills that made him.

Available in ebook and paperback editions.


