Sifter: Part 1
Mitul Mistry

Copyright 2012 Mitul Mistry

Roark & Hudson Associates

Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by Mitul Mistry at Smashwords.com



Map




Chapter 1

She could feel the violence of a thousand universes dying in birth. The cycle of nothing and something, the spirit of mind, body, and the force of conviction, feverishly slicing into itself as its blood sated an infinitely rising oblivion. Just as the web of existence suspended the masterless pawns in precious temporary stasis, the consuming specter of creation’s twin rose and hungered. In her mind’s eye, she witnessed the end of her world, more imminent than god, and it almost mattered not for the pre-destined departure of so many beloved, so many that separated the nothing from something. In the shadow of the shell of a city, she was already almost alone. And her blood was already spilling across the streets.
From the mingling shades of darkness of the urban maze of the city, she could feel the shadows stalking her. With shallow breath, her paltry heart pumped forcefully, the cool night air running raggedly through her lungs. She breathed bestially, the way a deer breathes, feeling the fangs beginning to caress its flank. Clasping her wounds to staunch the blood, she jumped down over the railing of the wall, her landing flowing into a sprint through the alleyways. Her boots beat the earth, lifting her in the moment-to-moment flight for her life. There was no time for fear, no room for the error that would inevitably follow, and yet all she could feel in her heart was the cry of a little girl for mercy. But at the sound of metallic boots echoing not far behind, she knew that her hunters knew only hunger. She turned into one of the side passages, crouching against the stone, wading deeper into the shadow of the alley. She only prayed it would be dark enough.
The warm glow of a torch interrupted the cool blue-violet of the night that otherwise prevailed. Two hooded men soon materialized. They were wraiths, the metal of their armor glinting under their cloaks, the bare steel of their blades shining with a wicked, fiery glow under the torchlight. Their chests heaved up and down and they spoke urgently to one another as one pointed down the corridor. She couldn’t tell whether they had spotted her or not, and she leveraged what will she had to keep her spirit silent. Her throat constricted and she could feel her stomach sink as one of the men turned towards her, for out of the darkness of his hood she found herself looking into the face of a gilded demon. It was a contortion of gold, metal and horror, and she could feel the blood drain out of her face as the visage reawakened the sleeping fear of memory. It was more than a mask; it was a nightmare made manifest. The man approached warily; he had not spotted her in the thick shadows, nor the stippled trail of blood she had left in her wake. But if she didn’t act soon, she knew she would be strangled, either by the claws of the gauntlet or by the gilded fear.
She leaped, taking hold of the torch in his hand and forced it into his face – let the demon eat fire. The hood erupted in flame and with coiled and snake-like force, she slammed her leg into the burning man, launching the human torch into his comrade. Her vision flashed, and for a moment her world was consumed by the image of a sinister force. She ran, only to find two more hooded men stepping out of the darkness at the end of the alley ahead. She turned around to a previous intersection and made a turn, and was confronted yet again by two more shadows. Nothingness incarnate, her vision failing her again, her soul overtaken by the spirit of a ceaseless force. The flash of steel was faster than light, yet she met it with a blade of her own. The burning man’s friend charged as he cut through the air with his sword, and she deftly opened him up with a vicious slice. In an instant, she unleashed a lifetime’s rage with her fist, crushing his windpipe with her hardened knuckles. As the man stumbled, choking, she latched on to the stone wall and scrambled up towards the flat rooftop of the building. She gasped, the spectral visage more than her meager soul could bear, overtaking her consciousness with the will and determination of a godly flood. 
As she careened onto the roof, a torch came flying over her, nearly setting her raven black hair on fire. Quickly, she made her way over the rooftops of the dense city. She would be seen by anybody on the walls in the middle of the moonlit night. She needed to get back down into the alleys, but she could feel her pursuers swarming the arteries of the city, phantoms passing unseen amidst a sleeping populace. Ahead, she could see the long spiral tower of the temple and for the first time in ages felt a surge in her spirit. Her friends, her partners… her family. For once, she wouldn’t have to stand alone.
Glancing back, she saw the shadowy silhouette of a hooded man appear against the crisp blue of the night sky, and at the sight, she urged herself onward. Reaching the edge of the rooftop, she looked down only to see two hideous masks looking up at her from the street below. Light filtered dimly through the stained glass window of the temple ahead. Could she make it? Nothing else for it. Stepping back, she took a deep, frantic breath and forced as much speed into her legs as possible. Within a few steps, the roof ran out, and she dove off the ledge, for a precious moment free of the weight of the world. The air whipped across her body and she focused her eyes on the temple window ahead of her, seeing its radiant patterns welcoming her home. Yet as she did so, an inferno exploded across her body. She looked down, the fire of the torch setting her body alight. As she looked up again, however, she barely had time to close her eyes as she felt the glass of the window shatter against the force, her body a veritable fireball hurtling through the quiet city night.
The air gushed around her as she fell, and in an instant the force of the earth blew through her body. She rolled, putting out the fire as best as she could, and buckled as the world’s weight quickly regained hold. After a moment, she opened her eyes and breathed. Through the delirium, she saw that she had fallen into the pews, the wooden furniture scattered everywhere, the shards of glass laced with blood. She tried getting up, but cried in agony. Her body had endured years of abuse, and now she had finally pushed it to its limits. The initial shock was subsiding and she could feel the intense pain of the burns coming alight, the open cuts searing as they dribbled away her life a drop at a time, but the thought of the masked men in the street brought her clarity. Clenching her teeth, she forced herself to get up, but, gasping in anguish, she collapsed in the aisle. Any moment now, her sisters and brethren would come to her. Any moment now they would make their final-
“Sera Silvanis.” The bone cold voice crackling through metal sent her soul into seizure. “You knew this was how it would end.”
She coughed, spitting out blood from her cut lip. With her head against the cold stone of the temple, she felt panic course through her veins. Where were they? Where were her friends? And what was that smell?
“And yet, it had been your choice,” the man said from beyond, punctuated by the cold echo of boots. “It was your decisions that led you and your order to this end. To a puddle of your own blood on a temple floor.”
She made to spit acid-touched words, but found herself only letting loose a groan. Holy hell, the stench was unbearable.
“It could’ve been different.” The slow and deliberate pace of the brutal, heavy bootsteps coming towards her overpowered the frantic pulsing of her heart.
With a furious tremor, she forced herself up and felt gut-wrenching horror descending upon the core of her being. Amidst her, she found blood-stained bodies littered about the once hallowed grounds, beginning to decay in dried crimson puddles. She let loose a breathless scream. The faces, the clothing, the souls… She could feel her face contort in fear and pain as she put what little strength she had into her muscles, trying desperately to crawl away. No. Not like this. It couldn’t end like this. But the owner of the boot grinding into her back, forcing her lips to the floor, seemed to think otherwise. 
She stifled a gasp of pain as the masked men lifted her up and forced her onto a chair in the middle of the aisle. And there before her stood the gold-faced monstrosity himself. And as the ultimate reality sunk upon her feeble frame, she could only whisper, “Solvenus.”
The sacred candles glimmered at the head of the aisle, let by other masked hunters. Normally, the flames would have lent the place a feeling of peace and warmth. But as they flickered upon the golden metal of Solvenus’s vicious visage, she knew they would be the flames of her last rites.
“You know the truth,” Solvenus said. “You’ve worked hard enough to uncover it. But what you don’t know is that you’ve allowed your life, your soul, and everything you’ve ever stood for to become nothing more than a recordless obstacle.”
As he looked at her, standing tall and stolid, she wondered if, beneath the protection of his mask, there was anything human.
“The world will end,” Solvenus said. “You know this. You have seen the undoing. And you know there is only one who can save us.”
The pain of the burns had now evolved into agony. She felt her skin crawl and cry out for mercy, her muscles and bones moments from finality and collapse. “You were our guardians!” Sera said. “You were the sword and the shield that ensured this world wouldn’t sink into carnage. And… here you are, amidst a graveyard of brilliant, honorable victims, about to perpetuate carnage again. And for what?”
“For salvation,” Solvenus said. “Sera… I want you to know that I… love you. I love my sisters, and my brethren, no matter their allegiance. The only thing we have in this cold dead world is each other. And even as I stand over your wilted, broken body, I know that this is the price we pay to save us all. For a thousand years. For ten thousand… Forever.”
“No, Solvenus… There is no forever. There is only today. Yesterday, you murdered my sister. And today, you’re going to murder me.” 
“Not murder, Sera,” Solvenus said. “That would be a waste.”
Sera stared wearily, but was unable to make sense of the words. And as she turned towards the temple’s entrance open to the city night, she saw the savior striding forth, and it dawned on her as her nightmare became real.

She woke up panting, the down of her blanket covered in cold sweat.
“Larissa, napping again? Come on, help me pack. We have to leave tonight.”
It took a moment for Larissa to get her bearings. She ran her fingers through her hair and found herself covered in cold sweat. She breathed deep, gripping herself, feeling as if she had narrowly escaped some horrible fate. She was home. She was safe.
As she got up, a book fell from her lap. Valencian Fairytales and More. She had been packing, yes, and had dug the book out of the mess that was her library. She had started reading it, got snuggled up in her blanket on the couch, and must have drifted off. She remembered the joy of reading this very book as a child. Valencian fairytales were so beautiful, if unrealistic, and yet her dream had been… nothing of the sort. It had been another one of those dreams. More of a nightmare, really. She was only left with flashes of images and words, but it was enough to know that it was a dream she didn’t want to remember. It was scary to think her girlish mind was capable of conjuring such horror.
“Larissa, please!” Aunt Edith said. “I don’t know which of your things you want to take with us and which you want to leave behind.”
“I’ll be right there,” Larissa said. She looked in a nearby mirror and straightened out her hair. It wouldn’t do to look like she had just been attacked by a wolf in her sleep. She didn’t want to deal with any awkward questions. But god, did she look pale.
She walked out to the circular courtyard and greeted her aunt. Edith smiled warmly in return. “So how were those dreams, sweetie?” Edith said.
“Oh… fine,” Larissa said.
“The dreams of youth. A girl’s dreams,” Edith said as she clambered onto the horse cart, assessing how much space they had to pack in all their junk, no doubt. “I used to have dreams like those once.” Edith jumped down. “No matter. So, what would you like to take with us? Now keep in mind we only have so much room in the cart, and I only have so much room in my apartment-”
“Just my books,” Larissa said.
Edith paused. “What about your dresses, and your stuffed animals, and your-”
“Burn them.”
Edith chuckled. “Well then,” she said, putting her hands on her hips. “Let’s go take a look at those books.”
As soon as they entered Larissa’s library, Edith’s smile turned into a frown. “Oh… my,” Edith said.
“Yeah, it’s pretty messy,” Larissa said.
“It’s not that… It’s just… there’s so many of them!” It certainly wasn’t a massive library by any means, but there were still easily hundreds of books that lined the walls.
“I’d like to take them all, but I’m reasonable,” Larissa said, “so I’ve sorted through them already. I just want to take the ones on the left, over there.”
Edith’s face lightened considerably. “Oh, well then, that’s not so bad. You had me scared for a moment.”
They grabbed some boxes and began packing. As Larissa sat with her aunt, neatly arranging the numerous books in stacks and placing them in boxes, she felt suddenly upset. As she looked around the small library, with her couch in the middle, she couldn’t help but feel an overpowering sense of nostalgia. She hadn’t felt too attached to the house, but nevertheless, she had spent much of her childhood curled up on that couch, reading books in her library. And now she would never get the chance to do so ever again. It had finally hit her. That entire part of her life was now over.
Her emotion must have been visible, as her aunt suddenly put her arm on her shoulder. “Hey, it’s okay.” Edith said. “I know how you feel. It’s… not easy leaving the place you grew up in.”
“It’s not that,” Larissa said, wiping away her tears. She hadn’t even realized that she had been crying. “I don’t care too much about leaving the house. It’s just… the library. I spent a lot of time here, that’s all.”
“Well, don’t worry, “Edith said. “We’ll try and fit as many books into the cart as we can. We’ll even stuff some in the carriage if we have to.”
“It’s not a big deal. I’ve read most of them anyway. Even if we took all of them, I wouldn’t want to reread each one.”
They continued packing in silence. It was nice. The library, her library, was meant for quiet. The rustling and noise of the shifting books, however, felt almost like a violation. Larissa tried not to think about it.
After a while, her aunt finally broke the silence. “Listen, I know we don’t really know each other so well, but I promise, everything will be fine.”
“I know,” Larissa said.
“I mean, I have a good job at a law firm, and it pays well. I can’t afford to pay for a tutor, but the public schools in the Dominion really aren’t that bad at all. I hear you’re a very bright girl. You should do fine.”
“I know…” Larissa said.
“Norborough’s a very nice city too. Should be a nice change of scenery for you and Amelia. I’m sure you girls will love it…”
Larissa turned to her aunt. Edith looked very worried and upset. Larissa hadn’t even noticed – her aunt’s voice had been quite upbeat. “Auntie, everything will be fine, I know. Really, I’m not upset, or worried, or anything. You’re my mother’s sister. I do remember when you came up here when I was a kid, and I enjoyed playing with you back then. I trust you, Amelia trusts you, and please stop worrying.”
Edith reached over and hugged her. “Oh, bless you. You’re an angel, you know that? It’s so horrible that this should happen to you, to your family. Felix was such a great man. You must be so… devastated, but you deal with your grief so well for a girl so young. Maybe I should start reading some of your books.”
Edith was such a sweet woman. But she didn’t really understand. “It’s not as bad for me as you might think. Believe me, I’m not half the angel you think I am. My father… honestly, I didn’t really know him that well.”
Her aunt looked at her, furrowing her brow. “What do you mean?”
“Well, he was always… gone. I don’t know. He would be gone for months on end. Then he would come up to the house for a few days, then go again. Sometimes I didn’t even get more than a ‘hi’ and a ‘bye’ from him before he was off.”
“Really?” Edith seemed surprised. “Well, I knew his skills were in high demand, but I would have thought having such a beautiful family and having built such a beautiful house he’d want to spend some time in it.”
“Yeah, I would have thought so too,” Larissa said, half to herself.
“I guess I can’t vouch for your father, but your mother loves you very much, I hope you know that.”
“I do.”
“It’s just that… we went through some hard times when we were your age, and she wanted to make sure her children wouldn’t have to go through the same ordeal. Everything she does now, she does for her family.”
“Hard times?” Larissa said.
“Yeah, I’ll tell you about them some time.”
Larissa didn’t press her.
“Well,” Edith said, changing the topic, “I will miss coming up here every now and then. I enjoyed it. This place is like a small palace in the wild. Nobody to bother you. Nothing to cloud your mind. Just clean mountain air and a beautiful home to stay in, not to mention a beautiful family to spend your time with.”
“Yeah, but as you said, I’d like a change of scenery. This place is nice, but the only friend I have here is Amelia. It’s a nice place to visit, but not such a nice place to live in forever.”
“I can understand that. Norborough is nice. Not much crime, mostly a middle class city. You’ll meet plenty of girls and boys your age. I think I’ve got the packing covered here. I’ll pack some of your clothes and whatever else I think you might need along with Amelia’s things. Why don’t you go have a last look around the place before we go? The skies are getting kind of dark. I think it might rain, so we should get going as soon as possible.”
“Okay auntie, thank you,” Larissa said, giving her a hug. She turned to leave.
 “And I’ll try to cram as many books into the cart as possible, I promise,” Edith said.
Larissa smiled. She really was a sweet woman. And she obviously cared about her, even though they barely even knew each other. Perhaps it really wouldn’t be so bad after all.
Larissa walked out to the courtyard once again, leaning against one of the columns. It was an ornate, semicircular affair, with columns holding up an arching, rounded roof, all surrounding a small garden at the center. There was a large circular paved roadway for horses and carriages. All of this looked out upon a grand mountain vista. One could see the road winding away from the house for miles, the forested lands stretching out as far as the eye could see. And off to the north, mountains spanned the horizon. The mountains dwarfed the entirety of the land, and growing up under their shadow gave Larissa a true appreciation of scale and beauty.
It was a picturesque place to live, or at least that’s what it seemed like to most people, initially. But Larissa had spent her whole life there, and it was difficult for people to understand how isolated one could feel, living all the way out there in the very backwoods of the Dominion. You were miles away from civilization, and for a child growing up, that meant nobody to play with or talk to. So she had resorted to her books, the only place where she could listen to the voices of people other than her family.
Not that her family had spoken much. They all had their own agendas now, certainly, and it had basically always been that way. Except for Larissa, though. She didn’t have an agenda. And of course neither did Amelia.
But she supposed it was pointless, reminiscing, thinking about the past. That was all done with. She could look forward to Norborough. Finally, a break from the isolation! She wouldn’t have to deal with her mother anymore, or her siblings. She would have an aunt that would take care of her and genuinely care about her. And she would have Amelia, her only real friend in the whole world.
Perhaps she ought to have been sadder. But she wasn’t. Just tired. She wanted the mess to be over with so she could get on with her life and meet the future, whatever it would bring.
“I see my lady is hard at work as always.”
“Heristo,” Larissa smiled, giving the old man a hug. “I was thinking.”
“Yes, quite. Much to think about for a young mountain damsel, I’m sure.”
Larissa laughed. “I’m not a damsel.”
“And I’m not an old man. That doesn’t change what people think to themselves when they look at me, though, now does it? You know what they think when they see me at a shop or on the street? They think, ‘Why, what an old man!’ And I’m only sixty you know. Not that old. I’ve seen people quite a bit older. I can’t remember when, but I’m sure I have.”
“So when people look at me, they think to themselves, ‘Hmm, why, what a young damsel!’”
“Exactly. Finally! It only took you ten years to actually learn something from me!”
“Please. And you’re sixty-seven, by the way.”
“Eh, it’s rounded,” Heristo said.
“You would round up, not down.”
“And you are a smart-mouthed damsel, and I am a somewhat old man. Let’s not argue nomenclature,” the old man smiled.
Larissa’s smile faded and she returned to staring out at the wilderness.
“And so what is my young damsel thinking about, exactly?”
“Oh… stuff.”
“Stuff of the most epic quality, surely.”
“More like stuff of the most pointless quality.”
“And why would any of your thoughts be pointless”
“I’m thinking about the past when it’s time for the future.”
“Yes, but without hindsight, there is no foresight. Always look back, but do so with reason, with purpose. Do so to learn, so you can carry on better prepared to face the future.”
“Heristo, I love you, but I don’t want to talk philosophy right now.”
“Yes, yes, quite understandable… But you’ll forgive me if that’s all a somewhat old man such as myself knows to discuss,” Heristo said, falling silent. 
They looked out at the lands for quite some time. The day had started out so beautifully, but now it was overcast, and Larissa couldn’t get the flashes of horror from the dream out of her head.
“What troubles you, my dear?” Heristo said.
“Nothing much.”
“You don’t hide your emotions very well, you know.”
“Well…” Larissa said. Heristo was trustworthy. If anybody would understand, it would be him. “I’ve been having some pretty frightening dreams lately.”
“That’s understandable. Dreams are products of the mind, and if your mind is in a state of distress, it’s natural for your dreams to be influenced.”
“It’s not that. These dreams… some of them are pretty foggy, but some of them are extremely vivid. I see, hear, and feel exactly what’s going on. And my last one was… it was just…”
“Just…”
“…horrific.”
“How so?” Heristo said.
“Well, there was this woman, and I…” She struggled to put the fading imagery to words. “I don’t know, it’s hard to say. I’m having a hard time remembering. I just know that it was frightening.”
“I’m a historian, a philosopher, and a tutor on the side, but I’ve little knowledge of psychology. I’m afraid I can’t be of much help.”
“It’s okay, Heristo.”
“I believe in logic and reason, but I’m also a humanist. I can tell you this. If you thought this dream was important, then it probably was.”
“I don’t know if it was important, really. It was just… it was probably nothing.”
“Maybe. That’s something you have to decide on your own.”
The clouds moved slowly across the sky, white, gray nebulous giants flowing and morphing overhead. “So,” Larissa said. “what are you going to do now?”
“Me? Oh, I don’t know.”
“Come on, you must have plans.”
“Oh I have dreams, and then I have plans, two different things entirely. Which would you like to hear?”
“Both, naturally.”
“Naturally. Well, I would love to travel the lands. This region is so rich with history and lore, and people! My god, the people of these lands… I want to go to Mon-Dragoria, tutor some of the nobility. They’re dying for educated people there, and they’re certainly willing to pay. I want to go to Elgonia, experience the sight and sensation of the Highlands for myself. I want to see Ionas… I wouldn’t even mind going to Yen’Vo!”
“…But there’s nothing in Yen’Vo.”
“Who cares? It exists! I want to see it!” Heristo sighed and lowered himself onto the steps. “But even though I’m obviously only somewhat old, sometimes… sometimes I feel just plain old. My mind wanders these days, and I’ve got the most devilish pain in my back that just doesn’t seem to ever quite go away. Dreams?  No, it seems my day is done…”
“Of course not Heristo!” Larissa lowered herself, sitting down next to the old man. She was alarmed. In all their years together, she had never heard him talk like this before. “You’re my hero.”
Heristo chuckled sadly. “You’re a very sweet girl, you know that? But you’re not being objective here. No, I heard some captain or general or other down in Fort Legacy is looking for a tutor for his children.”
“Fort Legacy! Are you joking! That whole area is a war zone!”
“No formal wars. It might get nasty, but there’s little I can do. Work is hard to find for people like me outside the Inner Sanctum. I will say, running into your family was a blessing. I wish I could stay with you and help you with your education, but unfortunately… I need to survive. And my children, they have their own families now, but they struggle. Times are hard. Seems like that’s what the people of every generation say… But they need my help, and I must provide.”
“Of course. You do what you have to do, Heristo. I don’t hold it against you or anything.”
“I know you don’t. But I feel so badly regardless.”
“Well, don’t. You’ve given me a wonderful education. I would be an idiot if it weren’t for you. Well, I’m still an idiot, but I’d be much, much worse if it weren’t for you.”
“Child, you don’t know the first thing about idiocy. You will though, in time. But my dear, enough about me. I need to talk to you. Before you leave me for the last time.”
“Please, Heristo, don’t make a big deal out of this. I don’t need a lecture. You’ve lectured me enough my whole life, and I’m grateful for it, but now it’s time to move on.”
“No, not another lecture. I promise. This… this is important, Larissa. I haven’t been entirely honest with you all these years.”
“What do you mean?”
“Larissa… this is hard for me to say. You know I’m not good at these things.”
“Then don’t say anything. I know you love me, and I love you, and we need to go our separate ways, and that’s that.”
“That’s not it.”
“Then what is it.”
Heristo closed his eyes, let out a heavy sigh, and continued. “Larissa, I’ve tutored you and your siblings for nearly a decade now. Your sister never took any interest in her studies. She was intelligent enough, but she had no commitment and her mind was always on other things. And now look at her.”
“Yes, now look at her, marrying a duke.”
“A duke? Please. A bullheaded idiot, more like. She will be nothing more than a trophy wife, a political convenience. This will be her life in summation. And then there was your brother. A promising lad, I will say. I would even go so far as to call him a true scholar, at heart at least. But he always denied himself. He didn’t find any sense of prestige or honor in the scholarly arts. And now look at him.”
“Yes, now look at him, an officer in the army.”
“And where’s the glory in that? He is a young man that ought to be brokering peace and sowing the seeds of understanding. Instead, he’s a pillager, a killer, and a political tool. This… this is his life in summation. And Amelia…”
“And what about Amelia?”
“Amelia stuck to her studies. And in turn, she is growing up to be an intelligent young woman. Hopefully she will continue her search for knowledge and understanding, and, with some luck, she will make something of herself. I have no regrets with her.”
“But?”
“But you, Larissa… I will admit, the first few years with you were rather painful, but after cultivating your mind a bit, I soon realized that you were… something very special.”
“Oh please.”
“No, I am utterly serious about this. You, unlike practically every young man or woman I’ve tutored or even come across, understood.”
“What do you mean?”
“You understood. When we talked about history, you understood its relevance. When we discussed politics, you saw the loopholes and the problems in logic. When we talked about wars… you empathized. I cannot stress to you just how remarkable and, indeed, how important this is.”
Larissa didn’t quite know what to say to this. Heristo had never spoken to her in this way before.
“And, by the devil, you let me teach you ancient Solarian! Do you have any idea how many people, let alone children, know ancient Solarian?”
“It’s not like it’s that hard,” she mumbled.
“Not that hard? Not that hard! It’s diabolically difficult! Are you mad? But no, you aren’t mad. Merely humble. And that’s good. Better than cocky. Much better. Larissa, you have been like a daughter to me all these years, and I have taught you the best I could. God knows I’ve tried as hard as I could. I pushed myself to the very brink for you, but I fear it may not be enough.”
“Please, I appreciate what you’ve done, and I love you for it. You know I do.”
“I fear… I fear you were not meant for this world.”
Larissa was at a loss. She didn’t know what to say to that.
“You have understood so far, but… soon you will go out there, into the wilderness, and you will understand for real. You will know why your father built a home for his family out in the middle of nowhere, away from everyone, from everything. You will know what it is really like out there. And you will know how much your parents loved you by protecting you from all of it.”
She could feel the tears in her eyes. “Heristo…”
And suddenly, a sense of urgency entered into him, an energy the likes of which she had never seen before. “You must not yield.”
“What?”
“I say that I want to travel the world, but that is a dream. Not because I am unable. But because the world I want to travel died long ago.”
“Heristo, you’re scaring me.”
“Then I am succeeding in my goals.”
“You want to scare me? But… why?”
“Because out there,” said Heristo, leaping to his feet and pointing into the wilderness, “people do horrible things to each other, and they’ll do horrible things to you too if you let them. Out there, it’s every man – or woman – for him or herself. From now on, know that if you can’t take care of yourself, no one else will. You must survive. You must not yield to the slings and the arrows.” 
Larissa sat, stunned, her eyes wet.
“I… I’m sorry, I don’t know what got into me…” Heristo had resumed his prior demeanor. “Please, forgive me. I’ve had my own… adventures, and I just want the best for you. You know that. It’s a dangerous world, and you need to be careful, for I won’t be able to watch out for you anymore.”
Larissa stood up, drying her eyes. “I’ll make it, Heristo, I promise.”
“That’s all I wanted to hear,” he said, hugging her. “Now, you must continue your studies as well. You must not waste your ability or your talent. Take these books. They are ancient Solarian texts. Keep them with you at all times. Promise?”
“I promise.”
“Don’t throw them in with the rest of your collection. They are very valuable, in more ways than one. You are beautiful, my dear, I love you. But now I must go. It grows dark, and my coach awaits me. Goodbye.”
She held the old man in her arms one last time and watched as he walked off into his coach, the driver signaling the horses into action. In a moment, Heristo was gone from her life forever. She didn’t know what to make of his words. His heart had been heavy, and his warnings eerie and unsettling. But it was Heristo. He was scared for her, as he should be. She had been sheltered all her life, and now that she was going out into the world, he wanted her to watch out for herself. And she would. Norborough couldn’t be so bad, though. Aunt Edith had said it was mostly middle class. Heristo had even called Larissa beautiful. She knew the truth though. Awkward and gawky, beautiful was hardly the word that came to mind. Oh Heristo. She would miss him all right.
“And what the bloody hell was that all about?”
“I really don’t know, Amelia. I really don’t know.”
“I’ll tell you what. Old Heristo’s finally gone off his bloody rocker, that’s what.”
Amelia never failed to bring a smile to Larissa’s face. She was always so outspoken. Originally Larissa’s parents had taken her on as a maid, but she had basically become an adopted daughter instead. It was a complicated metamorphosis, and yet it felt completely natural. Amelia was only a few years older than Larissa, and the two were, for all intents and purposes, sisters. Larissa glanced over at her friend, a strange, confused scowl on Amelia’s face, and Larissa couldn’t help but hug her. “Oh, we’re going to have so much fun in Norborough!” Larissa said. 
“Yeah, sure,” Amelia said in her customarily terse manner.
“Oh come on, don’t tell me you aren’t the least bit excited.”
“Well, I guess I am. Get’s pretty boring up in the mountains all day, and all year for that matter. Seriously though. What was all that with Heristo?”
“He’s old. And he’s going to miss me.”
“Yeah, I get that. But when he said goodbye to me, all he said was, ‘goodbye dear, have a wonderful life.’ And you get this whole melodramatic speech. I mean, I knew he liked you better, but that’s just bloody shameless, that is right there.”
“Jealous?”
“Of an old man’s affection? Psh, please. Just a bit bloody uncivil, that’s all…”
“So what do you think about all of this?” Larissa said.
“What do I think? I think we’re all going to hell in a bloody handbag, if you ask me.”
“Why would we go to hell in a handbag, of all things? Don’t you think that would be a bit strange, to arrive at a place of eternal damnation in a piece of luggage?”
“Dunno. I just say the sayin’s, don’t make ‘em up. Anyway, your aunt just loaded up an entire forest’s worth of books into the baggage cart, and I think we’re getting ready to go.”
“Okay, Amelia, just give me a minute.”
“Yet another minute? Haven’t you had enough minutes in this pine mountain isolation chamber?”
“Amelia…”
“Fine. Fine fine fine.”
And Larissa was left alone once more at the house, her house, now assuredly for the last time. She thought about going inside for a last look around, but there was nothing inside of all that much interest to her. It was outside, in the courtyard, she realized, where the real magic of the house was. The flowers in the garden often glowed in the sunlight, but they lay dim and drooping in the darkening skies. The pillars were certainly not massive, but they had a certain epic quality to them that made her feel like she was living in a temple from the past rather than a modern estate. It was a deeply classical affair, the entire house. Yet it felt so dim under the overcast sky. She felt sad to leave it in such conditions. 
It began to rain. Slowly at first, but it developed into a downpour, the sound of rumbling thunder in the distance mingling with the sound of water hitting the outcropping roof overhead. A fine day to say goodbye, she supposed. She watched as the water trickled down the roof and into the rain gutter, small pinwheels on the gutters turning under the flow of the water. Larissa smiled. Her father had ensured that, even in a storm, there would be some small joy. She watched as the water reemerged at the bottom of the rain gutter and flowed ever so slowly down grooves in the stone driveway and into the garden. It was only now, after all these years, when she was about to leave forever, that she began to truly appreciate her father’s fine craftsmanship. Her family had been in debt for a while now, though, and her father’s death had compounded it tenfold. There was no way they could afford to keep the house. They desperately needed the money, and her mother had auctioned it.
But it was time. No more looking back. She could see her aunt talking to the carriage driver as he readied the horses for the journey. Larissa walked over to them and let them know that she was ready. She got into the carriage and, after double checking everything, the driver got the horses moving, the baggage cart trailing behind the carriage.
“I almost forgot, Larissa,” Amelia said.
“Forgot what?” Larissa said.
“Happy birthday.”
Larissa had forgotten herself.
“It’s your birthday?” Aunt Edith said. “What does that make you? Sixteen?”
“Yeah,” Larissa said. 
“Well… happy birthday,” Edith said.
Larissa tried not to look back, but as they exited the gate, she couldn’t help it. It was dark and dreary with the onset of night, and all she could make out was the soft movement of the pinwheels on the roof. Happy birthday indeed. 

Chapter 2

It was no longer just a dreary night to be traveling, but it had actually become quite depressing. It rained on and off, and soon the lanterns at the front of the carriage were all that separated them from the darkness. The driver was an amicable enough man with his scarf and his woolen coat, his flat cap and his missing tooth. Occasionally he would peek in through the window and make some small talk with Edith, but other than that, the journey was a silent affair. Edith stared off into the cabin, lost in her thoughts, probably. Amelia snored. And that left Larissa on her own, staring out the window into the night wilderness.
By day, the woods seemed mystical and serene, but by night, they felt distinctly unsettling. The pine trees encroached upon the road, their branches catching light from the lanterns, casting jagged, winding shadows that morphed with the passage of the carriage. After thinking about it, Larissa realized that she had never been in the woods at night. Whenever she had ventured outside the estate, she had always been accompanied by a servant, or somebody, and they had always returned before it got too late in the day. She remembered reading about forests that changed color throughout the year, but in the mountains, the pines didn’t change, always present, always the same. Except in the winter. In the winter, the green, earthy giants morphed into white towers, their branches laden deep with snow. It was beautiful, certainly unlike anything else, watching the still winter lands, undisturbed by anything but her footprints in the snow; it was almost holy.
Not now, though. It was summer, though still fairly cold, and there was no snow. And in the night, there was only the dark, nothing for Larissa to look at. She gave up on the window. What to do? She was well acquainted with boredom. They were good friends actually. Normally she would read a book when bored, preferably a fairytale, but there was not nearly enough light to read. Besides, the only books she had with her at the moment were the ones Heristo had given her. The ancient Solarians may have been fascinating people, but their writing was dry, arcane, and absolutely cryptic – certainly not books to fend off boredom with.
Now her fairytales, those she enjoyed. They were a guilty pleasure, she would admit, as they were completely unrealistic, but she enjoyed them nevertheless. There was a Valencian one where a princess is trapped in a castle by an evil, jealous stepmother, but her prince makes a harrowing journey across the kingdom, defeating the stepmother’s evil plans and rescuing the princess from her fate. And there was an Elgonian one where the daughter of a mountain king is locked away in a dungeon by the crow king, wanting to make her his wife eventually. But the mountain king calls upon the warrior son of a shepherd to seek her out and save her from her fate. They might seem silly to others, but to her, immersed in these worlds, it was an escape that one simply needed when living one’s life alone in the mountains.
“Ey’, Miss,” the driver said.
Larissa stared blankly at the roof of the carriage.
“Oy. Miss,” the driver repeated.
Larissa looked to her aunt, who appeared to have fallen asleep. The driver was apparently talking to Larissa. “Yes?” she said.
“So you fixin’ to ‘ead to Norborough, are ya?”
“Uh, yes…”
“And on wha’ manner o’ business?”
“Well, nothing much, really…”
“Oh come now. Mus’ be up to sumfin now, surely?”
“I… really can’t say.” The driver seemed like a nice enough man, but his toothless grin made her a bit nervous.
“Aw righ’. Aw righ’… needn’ be gettin’ upse’ on my accoun’. Jus’ strange business, leavin’ a nice place like tha’ to go to… Norborough of all places.” 
Larissa didn’t know what to make of that. She sat silently, looking at her hands. After a few moments, she asked, “What do you mean, exactly?”
“I mean Norborough… it ain’t tha’ bad, no sir, but… this place a yorn was a bloody manor! Jes’ don’ make much sense to me, is all.”
“To tell you the truth, it doesn’t make much sense to me either,” Larissa said.
“Well, whateverin it be the case, I’ll make sure you ge’ righ’ where yore gettin’ to go.”
Larissa smiled. He wasn’t so bad. Kind of charming, really, in a rustic sort of way.
It was a slow journey. The mountain roads in this part of the country were poorly maintained, not much more than dirt for the most part. It was because so few people populated the area, though. To the east lay Tintown and the Dominion mining operations, but over the last few decades, the veins had dried up, business had slowed down, and the north had resumed its solitude. Hopefully it could remain that way, though Larissa knew it wouldn’t be that way for long. New veins would be discovered, operations would increase, and people would flock here once again. She remembered having a conversation about this with Heristo, years ago.
She tried to go to sleep, but she couldn’t. She was tired, but she had too much on her mind for it to drift away. Edith and Amelia swayed with the rocking of the carriage going over the rough roads, deep in sleep. Edith was her mother’s younger sister, but now that Larissa got such a long look at her, the age in her aunt became apparent. She was not old, exactly. Certainly younger than Heristo. But the developing creases in her soft face hinted at the toll the times were taking on her. Amelia, on the other hand, though she had always been something of a tomboy, looked positively radiant as the light of the lanterns outside gently caressed the edges of her face. And at that moment, Larissa felt truly grateful to them for being a part of her life. They were truly beautiful people and she would be genuinely happy sharing part of her life with them, wherever fate would lead them. And suddenly, Larissa didn’t feel afraid, or uncertain about anything anymore. And with that, she felt able to finally get some rest.

Larissa drowsed for a bit, her mind pleasantly blank and oblivious. She didn’t dream. She didn’t envision anything. She slept lightly, but relatively peacefully, the images of strange glows blurring themselves against her eyelids. After a while, though, as she creaked them open, she realized they weren’t imagined. The carriage had slowed down, and indeed, soon stopped. She opened up her eyes, quickly blinking away the drowsiness.
“Wha’ seems to be the problem, offissa?”
“Sir, Dominion Security Forces.”
“Wha’ the ‘ell? I swear, dinna do it!”
“Relax, just a routine inspection. Nothing to worry about. I hope.”
There were three men. They were armored, though not heavily, and armed. Two carried torches and stood by, looking the carriage over. The other one, the one who was talking, Larissa could not quite make out his face…
“Oh… Thas all righ’ then,” the driver said.
“Mind if I have a look inside?”
“No, go righ’ ahead.”
The man’s face came into view. It was hard to see in the low light, deep shadows warping his visage, but he looked like a man quite comfortable in his power. He had short, military hair and a neatly trimmed goatee, all black with gray picking up bits of light here and there. Metal chains hung around his neck, and his breastplate shone dimly through the small window of the carriage. He looked in, searching the dark cabin, and made Larissa out in the shadows, looking at her directly. Their eyes met. Larissa felt strange, looking at him. She felt like she was looking into the eyes of the crow king. It had been an illustrated book.
The man stepped out of view. “Everything seems to be in order. Sorry about the inconvenience. Even within the safety of the Outer Sanctum, we can’t be too careful.”
“Oh no, not a’ all. Lotsa scumbags out there.”
“Carry on then.”
 The driver got the horses moving again, and the familiar bumping of the carriage could be felt once more. The temporary stillness had been almost uncomfortable. Larissa turned and looked out the carriage’s back window. She could just make out the three men over the baggage cart trailing behind. They stood, the fiery torchlight making the metal of their armor and their helms glow. Then, suddenly, the torchlight disappeared, the men vanishing into the night.
That man had been weird, Larissa thought. Amelia snored, slumped against the cabin with Edith in sleep. The man probably hadn’t even noticed them. What a poor policeman – didn’t even do a thorough inspection. But then again, she was grateful. She didn’t have to haul out her things to be scrutinized in the middle of the night. Government inspections were commonplace in these parts, from what she understood. Mostly they were looking for people mining unregulated veins, or so Heristo had explained. The Dominion government maintained an ironclad hold on the northern mining industry.
The trees passed by in shadow. It had grown quite dark. It must have been midnight now, the depths of night. The witching hour, Amelia used to say. Larissa almost wanted to wake her up so they could tell ghost stories to one another like when they were children. The witching hour was the best time for ghost stories, she had always said.
Larissa closed her eyes and tried to go to sleep, and yet she couldn’t get the image of the crow king out her mind. Not the fairytale illustration, but the man. There was something queer about him, but she couldn’t quite place it. The roads to the northwest were empty these days. Why would anyone want to patrol them? Perhaps they had been following a suspect, or had received a tip. It was not so unusual. She tried to sleep.
“Driver?” she said.
“Yea?”
“You travel these roads often?”
“Yea, on occasion, why?”
“Is it unusual to get stopped around here?”
“Prolly not,” he said.
Larissa felt strangely relieved.
“Ne’er happen’ to me afore, tho’.”
Something wasn’t right. She felt as if her blood had suddenly changed color. The men. They had put out their torches. Why had they put out their torches? It was nothing. No reason. Yeah, no plausible reason. She shook Amelia’s knee. She got a snore in return. But she persisted.
“Eh? What? What the hell?” Amelia murmured sleepily. “What you doin’ to me?”
“Amelia,”
“What? I’m tired. Sleep. Now…” She fell over.
Larissa shook her again, this time more urgently. “Amelia!” she whispered harshly.
“Hm…?”
“Amelia, something’s not right here.”
“Yeah, me being awake. Sleep. Now…”
“Amelia!” Larissa whispered harshly in her ear.
Amelia’s eyes opened. She looked baffled. “What?”
“Something’s not right…”
“That’s awfully vague, you know…”
“We got stopped. While you were asleep.”
“Yeah, what of it?”
“They were men, three of them. With torches, and armor.”
“The three knights of Maliporto?”
“I’m not joking, okay!”
“…okay… so, what?”
“I don’t know, okay?”
“Well, you’re awfully worried about nothing. It’s pretty creepy out here in the woods at night. It’s nothing to be worried about,” She yawned. “This place is deserted, especially the roads. Once we get to Northshire, you’ll feel better. There will be actual civilization.”
Larissa sighed. “Oh… okay, you’re right. I’m sorry. I’m just so…”
“Stressed out? Fatigued? Nervous?”
“Probably all of that.”
“Yeah, listen, everything will be fine, okay? I promise. I’ll protect you, ‘kay? Always have, always will, so just chill, please. And let me sleep. Now…”
Larissa laughed. “Okay, okay. Hey Amelia?”
“Yeah?”
“I love you.”
“Yeah, love you too. Sleep. Now…” After a few moments, she was snoring once again.
Larissa took a hard look at herself. She was being too paranoid. It was Heristo. It must have been his words. They set her on edge. They were only a few hours from home, and already she was overreacting. This had to stop. If she was going to live in the real world, she would have to stop seeing ghosts everywhere.
The night seemed to close in on her. It was darker than anything she had ever seen before, and it made her uneasy, but she fought it. There was nothing to be afraid of. No monsters from her fairytales lurking around the corner. No spiders spinning their webs in wait. Nothing. Just empty, silent, dark wilderness as far as the eye could see, and a rocky dirt road with no end in sight. She was very privileged to have lived the life she had, to be living the life she was living currently… to have people to love her, care about her, protect her. She was grateful for it, and she promised herself that she would be grateful for it for the rest of her life. She would make her father proud of her, make sure that his investment in her would not be in vain. She promised herself that she would live up to her parents’ expectations of her, that she would-
The world exploded. Lightning tore through the darkness. Thunder cracked across the sky, ripping into her eardrums. It was a storm of bowel-wrenching noise and terror, and then… silence.
As she regained her senses, Larissa looked out the window. The trees were still there, and they were still passing her by. Nothing to worry about. Just a storm… Except when she looked out the front window, she saw the driver slumped over, his seat suddenly a shock of red. 
Wait… what? She didn’t understand. The driver’s head bounced as the horses ran on wildly, howling out in fear. The red trickled down his face, his eyes blank, looking, yet seeing nothing. And then he rolled off the side and was gone.
It was only then that she realized the carriage was moving horribly erratically. She was bouncing up and down, and the horses were going mad. She tried to hold on, but after a moment, she felt her head slam against the roof. The carriage lurched, and with a horrible tearing sound, it tipped over and collapsed. Larissa tried to grab hold of anything to keep her down, but the carriage was on its side, being dragged by the horses in a hurricane of dust and sound. It was as if the sky had fallen and left her in a gale with enough force to crack her bones like matchsticks.
The carriage slid and a horse groaned as it was knocked down. And with a crash that tore the carriage in half, it stopped. Larissa coughed, gasping for air. She tried wiping the dirt from her eyes. It was useless. Someone was shaking her. She could barely see.
“Larissa…”
Larissa coughed, heaving.
“Larissa, get up…” 
She could feel someone helping her up. She tried walking. Her legs could barely support her weight. Her ears were ringing, her mind echoing the torrential sound of cacophony over and over again.  She couldn’t even think. And then she was on the ground…
After a few moments, she opened her eyes. It was dark. Pitch black, even. The cold wind rushed against her. It was harsh. The smell of trees and pine filled the air. She was outside. Somewhere. Where? Where was she? What had happened? She couldn’t remember anything.
But there was a light. More lights. Fire. Torches… Then horses. Men. She tried to clear her eyes. Her vision was blurry. She couldn’t make anything out. It looked like a… wreckage. Some sort of accident. A cart… carriage. It was a carriage. The carriage. They were going on a trip. To Norborough. Aunt Edith. Amelia. The night. The carriage.
The driver. The blood. 
Aunt Edith. Amelia.
She shot up, scrambling to her legs. The pain was everywhere, dull here, sharp there. She leaned against the tree to stabilize herself. She was bleeding. She didn’t know from where. She was in the shadows of the forest, but she could see the road, see the men gathered by the wreckage in the torchlight. The carriage… the wheels… they looked like they had been blown out. The horses… two lay dead nearby. She could hear a frantic neighing sound. Then a crack of thunder. Then silence.
The men… she had never seen men like this before. They were darkly clad, and they carried short staffs. There were three of them, she thought she counted. No, four. Five. They had dismounted their own horses. They were talking. She couldn’t make out what they were saying. Slowly, she got closer until she could faintly make out a few words.
“…see in there?”
“…alive…?”
One of them pulled something from the wreckage. Something… not something, someone. Aunt Edith! Larissa didn’t know what to do. She kneaded her hands, her breathing suddenly shallow and frantic. What were they doing? What did they want? They dropped Edith to the floor. Her dress was torn, and she was bleeding from a dozen wounds. They were talking amongst themselves. No, arguing. They were arguing. What were they arguing about? Edith’s body lay still. These were not friends. She didn’t know what to do. What should she do? What could she do? Oh god, Aunt Edith… But Edith moved. The men took notice immediately and laid her against the wreckage for support. She was breathing. She was okay. Covered in blood, but okay.
Another horseman, hooded, with two more on either side of him. They dismounted. They talked. The hooded man thrust out his arms angrily. They were upset. More than upset, furious. But then the hooded man… the hooded man turned. And where his face ought to have been was a metallic mask so hideous and with a gaze so powerful that she felt her heart stop. He was looking right at her. He couldn’t possibly see her. She was in pitch black shadow, yards away in the forest! He couldn’t see her! She wanted to scream, but she held her tongue. The fear gripped her heart like a constrictor wrapping itself around its prey before the kill. 
“Larissa Wagner,” the masked man said. The sound of his voice was like a hammerblow to her chest. She could feel the ice cold tongue of terror gliding itself across her innards, finding a way to burrow itself into her very soul. “My dear, I know you’re out there. Now come out. We won’t hurt you, I promise. We’ve been watching you. You were attacked. But there’s nothing to fear now…”
It was wrong, all wrong… She wouldn’t trust that man for anything. Everything about him made her mind recoil in fear. Just looking at him, she could hear herself thinking nothing but the word, “Run.”
“Oh hell. Okay. You want to play this game? Fine, I can oblige. How about this? How about if you don’t come out here by the time I count to five, I have my men kill your aunt? Doesn’t that sound like fun?”
Larissa quietly vomited as the men brought Edith to her knees and one of them pointed something at her head.
“Let’s get started right away. One.”
God, what was she supposed to do?
“Don’t do it Larissa!” Edith screeched.
“Shut her up.” Someone slammed her across the face. She nearly keeled over. “Two.”
Oh god, she couldn’t give herself up!
“Three.”
But she couldn’t let her die… she wouldn’t, she wouldn’t!
“Four… And so the pendulum swings…” he said, almost comically.
She would run out towards the men. Come what may, she had to.
“I’m here.”
But it wasn’t her own voice. As she opened her eyes, she found herself crouching, rooted in the same spot as she had been before.
“So you’re Larissa Wagner,” the masked man said. He motioned to his men, and they let Edith slump over to the ground.
“Yeah, that’s me all right. I hope this isn’t all for a date. You’re a tad too much on the ugly side for a pretty girl like myself.”
“Oh ho! A girl with a sense of humor! I like that,” the masked man said. “It’s hard to find people in my line of work who can truly appreciate a good jest, especially in dire circumstances not particularly unlike these.”
“Enough theatrics,” one of the men said. “You got the girl. We want our due.”
 “Now my men here,” the masked man continued, “they don’t appreciate what it means to have a good laugh at precisely the right moment. This is stressful work, and without unwinding every now and then, one can become prone to mistakes. And in my line of work,” He grabbed her by the throat. “Mistakes can be quite costly.”
“Godammit,” the other man said. “Where’s our bloody due?”
“You were paid in advance,” the masked man said, turning to face him, still holding her throat in his gauntleted hand. “Or do you forget all your contracts so easily?”
“We were promised a bonus.”
“For exemplary work, at our discretion. Look at this! This is not exemplary work! This is a bloody mess! But since I’m a generous man, I’ll meet you halfway.” He let her throat slip from his outstretched hand and she fell to the ground, gasping for air. “You can have her… temporarily.”
The men stood in silence. “Are you serious?” one of the men said after a while.
“We are always serious,” another of the hooded men said.
The men talked amongst themselves for a moment, then nodded. They circled around her. She lashed out violently and managed to hit one of the men square in the jaw. He recovered and beat her face bloody. Two of the men held her down while another… took his dues. She screamed. She fought. They beat her till she stopped. She fought again. They beat her. And after a while, she stopped fighting.
“God, you aren’t done yet?” the masked man said, returning to the scene. “Finish up, for god’s sake. Places to go. Things to do,” he said, tapping his imaginary wristwatch. “Don’t you guys have a… a village to pillage or something?”
“You know, you’re a real piece of work,” one of the men said.
“And you’re a real-”
Something moaned.
“Hell, the hag’s still alive?” one of the men said.
Slowly and waveringly, Edith turned her head as she lay on the ground and reached out her hand towards one of the men.
“What do we do with her?” the man she was reaching for asked.
“Well, I’d offer another ‘bonus,’” the masked man said, “but I assume you’re all spent at this point, and I don’t have time to wait for you bastards to recharge. Plus, seeing as little Larissa here was so kind as to let me win our game earlier, we can have some mercy. She’s unexpected, but inconsequential. You know what to do.”
The man pulled something out, and there was a crack of thunder. Edith was on the ground. Something dark was pooling around her head. She was still.
“Will you shut her up? For god’s sake, man, I’ve got a splitting headache from all this business,” the masked man said. “Take her, bind her, you know the drill. The bitch is bloody feisty. I don’t want any unexpected bruises on the trip back. And for god’s sake! I said shut her the hell up!” He lashed out at her with his gauntleted hand, blood spattering across the torchlit road in cryptic patterns. “Hell, now I have to clean the blood out of my gauntlet.”
“You know, you’re sounding like my wife. ‘Now I have to get the juice out of my britches!’” The men laughed.
“All right gentlemen, cleanup crew should be on its way,” the masked man said. “Thank you and good night.” The men dispersed. The darkness returned. Aunt Edith remained.

Chapter 3

Night lived on, slowly succumbing to the dim beginnings of morning. The clouds parted, giving way to a solemn twilight gracing the solitude of the wilderness. It seemed almost ethereal, a part of the world with no real place or time, existing only in imagination, in nightmare, in one feeble little girl’s mind.
There was nothing. Not her. Not the woods. Not the sky. Only nothing, infinite in its expanse, limitless in its reach, and the only mercy there was in the entirety of the universe.
But whatever mercy there was, there was only a drop of it, and it was always a luxury that was consumed quickly. Never something conserved rationally, but a spirit drank up as quickly as one could swallow in an effort to dull the senses, to mollify the mortal wounds that would eventually, inevitably consume the imbiber herself regardless. It was living in limbo, a dilation of time, a postponement of departure, an embracing of the solace afforded by the mists. But the mists are capricious. So is time. And so too is the reality in which it all exists.
The nothingness faded, giving way to the darkness. To the night. To the quiet wilderness slowly encroaching and receding with the swaying of the wind. To the trees, those solid, numberless sentinels keeping watch over nothing in particular.
She found herself staring blankly into the void, her eyes as dead as the tree trunk upon which she sat. She ought to have been dead. She ought to have been someplace horrible. But instead, she was nowhere, a place that cared nothing for her one way or another. She could do as she pleased. There was no one to watch. No one to criticize. And certainly no one to care.
She had to get up. She had to get moving. Already she had wasted too much time. But first… first she had to turn around. And that was something she just couldn’t bear to do. It wasn’t in her. She hadn’t asked for any of it. She would have gladly lived in a stone chamber in a dungeon somewhere for the rest of her life, waiting for a prince that would never come, if it meant that she would not have to turn around.
And yet, she could see the quiet beginnings of morning in the sky. It would be light soon. And then the shadows of the wilderness would not be able to protect her. Her face was blank. Her heart was blank. And she would have given almost anything to keep it that way.
Slowly, emotionlessly, she turned around. The ruins lay upon the road as they had for hours, untouched by man or beast. She got up, and found herself walking towards the ruin. After a few moments, she was on the road. It wasn’t as bad as she thought it would be. She thought there would be blood everywhere. It was only… here and there. The carriage was a tangle of wood and metal. The wheels were shattered. The baggage cart must have been lost quite a ways back, as it was nowhere to be seen. In the ruins of the carriage, a dead horse lay mangled, caught in the splintered wood and broken metal. The corpse of another horse lay beside it, and another one lay nearby. It had a hole in its head.
But as she looked around the wreckage, she saw Aunt Edith’s pale face on its side in the mud, her eyes still open, a hole in her head as well. She felt her stomach lurch. She had nothing in her stomach to vomit but acid and bile, the foul taste of it traveling up her throat. She felt her face contort, and she suddenly found it difficult to keep her balance. Turning her head away, she covered her mouth and whimpered. Aunt Edith. What… what had she done? What had she done to deserve… this? Her white cheeks… were covered in mud and blood. There was a vague stench of dead flesh in the air. A thick pool of blood had mingled with the mud near her head. Her body was soiled beyond recognition.
What was she to do? She had to… she had to… to… bury… her. There was no time, though. But she deserved that at least, not to be just left in the mud like that… She had died for her. But how would she dig? With her hands? And where? The forest was thick… She must get away. She must, before they… came back. The cleanup crew, the man… the monster, had said. What did that mean? She didn’t know. More people might be coming. She must get away. She had wasted too much time already. But where was she to go? To the house? No. There was nothing there, nobody. Where was the nearest town?
God. She didn’t know. She would have to follow the road. But… which way? Which way had they come from? Well, the front of the carriage was facing right, so… she should go right? God. Aunt Edith… She choked. She couldn’t breathe. What was she to do? She didn’t know. She just… didn’t know.
Opening her eyes, she saw the blood spatters on the dirt road from that final blow. It had been absolutely vicious. The tears wouldn’t stop flowing. She couldn’t bear to think about it. She was feeling light headed. If she thought anymore about it, she would collapse right then and there, a corpse along with her aunt. But she noticed something. A… book, in the mud, by Edith’s body. Leather bound. She picked it up. One of the Solarian texts. It was in surprisingly good condition, at least from the outside. Cracking open the book, she dropped it immediately and gripped her head in her hands. The pages were splattered with blood, unquestionably her aunt’s. But she had promised. After struggling for a few moments, she picked it up. She had to find the other two. They were around there somewhere. They had to be. Why did they have to be? She didn’t know. They had to be. Because she had promised.
She dug in the wreckage. After fighting with the debris of the carriage and cutting herself numerous times on the broken fragments, she managed to dig out another of the books. It was soiled with mud, but she wiped it on her dress, looking for the other one. After several minutes of scavenging, she turned up nothing. Where else could it be? She glanced to the horses. Oh god. The book lay in a pool of horse blood. She was repulsed at the thought of even touching it. But what did it matter? She fished the book out and wiped it off on her dress as well. And with the books in hand, she left.
The road ought to be easy enough to follow. It was getting lighter, as the thick of the night was passing. The road seemed to wind on endlessly, with nothing but tall pine trees on either side. She tried to keep her mind off things; it was surprisingly easy. She just stared blankly, putting one foot in front of the other. It hurt. Sometimes a lot. Her shoes were not meant for walking a muddy dirt road across the wilderness. She soon took them off and discarded them, throwing them into the forest, the wilderness eating them up. The stockings didn’t help either. She rolled them off her legs and discarded them as well. It hurt her feet. They grew muddy quickly, and cold, with stones lodging into the soles of her feet. She found that her skirt restricted the movement of her legs. She tried ripping them a bit, but found that she didn’t have the strength; the fabric was too tough, and she didn’t want to travel in her underwear. She pressed on. After a while, though, she was left with little choice. She unfastened her skirt and threw it to the wild.
It was only after several hours of walking that she realized it might be dangerous for a young, hunted girl in her underwear to be traveling in the middle of a backwoods road. She followed the road from the relative safety of the bordering trees from then on.

Chapter 4

“I’ll kill you! I’ll kill you, you son of a bitch! You hear me?”
“Hey, ho there, calm down, old boy. Nothing to get your tonsil in a tizzle over.”
“You don’t understand! He cheated me out of twenty leos!”
“Come on, what do you want me to do?”
“Go after him! You’re a godamn constable! Enforce the law!”
“So you want me to go after a guy who cheated you out of twenty leos in an illegal gambling enterprise that you yourself are running? You, my friend, are looking for some hired muscle, not a bloody man of the law.”
“Gambling enterprise? It’s a godamn game of cards!”
“Exactly what I’m saying! It’s just a game of cards.”
“Might be just a game of cards, but that’s also just my godamn money he’s stolen from me!”
“All right, I think I’ve had enough of this for one night. See you bums next week.”
“See ya’ Dalton.”
“Yeah, later.”
“Godammit Dalton, you sissy-faced gutless excuse for a lawman! Enforce the law!”
“Shut the hell up, man.”
“Seriously.”
“You in or out?”
Dalton put on his favorite tweed coat, placed his favorite bowler cap on his head, waved to the gents at the bar and exited the dimly lit, smoky atmosphere of the tavern. It was a chill night. He wrapped his coat tighter about his chest, the little badge of the law shining quietly in the moonlight. He let the clean night air into his lungs, breathing deeply. The skies were clear and it was indeed a good night to be alive. Too bad he had nowhere to go. And nobody to go nowhere with. God, what a bloody dead end town. Northshire was nice enough, he supposed. But bloody hell was it boring. All the serials about lawmen painted a much more exciting picture than he found to be true. He should have been a lawyer, like his mother always used to tell him. It would still be boring as hell, but at least then he would be rich, and everyone knows that being bored and rich is infinitely better than being simply bored. Endless litigation and bureaucracy was a hallmark of the Dominion, and the people who could capitalize on it all made out like bandits. Quite literally, actually. As in, they stole. A lot. A whole hell of a lot. In fact, it was probably coming out of his paycheck.
He walked along the quiet cobbled streets of the town. Street lanterns lit the way, their fires flickering here and there as the wind occasionally got through the cracks in the glass. It was pretty quiet this time of night. A few horse carts with unfinished business. A few drunks wandering about. A few sober men wishing they were drunk, as they couldn’t afford the booze, but still not wanting to go home in order to avoid their wives. No prostitutes. No criminals. No interesting characters. Just a bunch of boring people and Dalton the county constable. And perhaps that latter part was redundant.
“Hey man, watch where yore goin’,” a drunk said.
“I didn’t even touch you,” Dalton replied.
“Heeeey man, I said,” the drunk paused, as if deep in thought. After a few moments of undoubtedly deep philosophical meditation, he puked. After wiping his mouth with his sleeve and nearly toppling over, he righted himself on a wall and said, “I said… watch where yore goin’. Getting’ so a honest man can’t… can’t get to a… a… street without runnin’ into a big… big… sh-shover man. You think you’re a big… big shover man? Well how ‘bout this, shover man?” The drunk lurched over in an apparent attempt to shove Dalton. Dalton stepped to the side… slowly. The drunk continued on, apparently not noticing that nothing was there in front of him. He collapsed on the ground. “Yore a quick one, ya are! I bet ya think yore smart too, huh? A smart… sh-shover man? Well…”
Dalton had started walking already, the rambling voice of the drunk echoing like one’s bad conscience across the night. Screw it, he was going to bed. Nothing else to do. Tomorrow night he would stay home and read a book. A serial, in fact. A lawman serial. Yeah, just like old times… His mother had told him to stop reading those things when he was a kid. Should’ve listened, but no… Didn’t matter anymore, though, now did it? Dalton Ridge, Constable. No, Dalton Ridge, Lawman. More like Dalton Ridge, playmate of drunks.
After navigating the streets for half an hour, he found himself back at the familiar three story apartment building. It was called the Wiltshire Suites. Dalton called it Squalor Central. But it was home… What the hell was he thinking? No it wasn’t. Home was a place out in the country where it was always sunny and there was always an apple pie sitting on the window sill just waiting to be gorged upon. Squalor Central was the real world. And smelly. So ungodly smelly… He went in through the main door and climbed up the dingy wooden staircase. One of these days, someone would step on it and the thing would collapse. Hopefully it wouldn’t be him. Not because it would hurt, but because he would have to pay for it. 
Sticking his key in his door, he opened it… or tried to. He jiggled the key. No dice. Godammit. He kicked the door, and quickly recoiled in pain, cursing. He jiggled the key some more. After some increasingly furious jiggling, he managed to get the door open. It was a mess, as usual. It was funny how easily a one room apartment could get cluttered up with things of absolutely no worth. The only things of value to him were his coat, his beloved bowler cap, and maybe his badge. No, you know what? Not his badge. But his baton, or his pistol, maybe. Even though if he ever did shoot it, he would be lucky if it didn’t backfire and shoot himself in the face. Well-crafted firearms were hard to come by without the right connections, and a lot of money, even going through legitimate channels.
It didn’t matter. He took off his clothes and fell down on his bed. He realized too late that this may have been a bad idea, though the spring protruding from the mattress and into his buttocks cleared the matter up right quickly. After a good amount of cursing and rubbing, he laid back on his bed, slowly, and went to sleep. He dreamed of women. Women everywhere, all telling him what a sexy lawman he was. 
It didn’t last long though. There was a loud knocking. Dalton fell off his bed, onto the wooden boarding that passed for a floor. It was painful. Dalton was pissed. He stood up. Someone was knocking on his door frantically. Dalton tried to open it, but it was jammed. Back to the jiggling… After a moment of frustration, he opened the door.
“Freddie?” Dalton said. “Kid, what are you doing up this late? Do you-”
“Mr. Dalton Mr. Dalton Mr. Dalton!”
“Freddie, please, what do you want?”
“Mr. Dalton Mr.  Dalton! Mr. Dalton… put on some pants, please…”
Dalton hid behind the door. “Freddie, dammit, what the hell do you want?”
“There’s been a… a… a…”
“A what?”
“A… a… murder!”
Dalton stopped dead. “What? Are you serious? Where?”
“The north road leading out of town…”
“North road… there’s a north road? Where the hell does it go? There’s nothing north of here but empty mines.”
“I don’t know, but there’s a murder. I saw it. You have to come!”
“Freddie… murders don’t happen in Northshire. And if they do, it’s never my assignment. I’m just a constable.”
“Yeah, but there’s nobody else I know who to tell to!”
“Oh, I see. So I’m a last resort.”
“Please, Mr. Dalton. I’m not lying! I know I lied before, but not this time! I’m serious! It’s… horrible!”
“All right, all right, Freddie. Let me get dressed and we can go. Is it far? Do I need to get a horse?”
“No, it’s not far. Me and some friends were playing out there, and we saw it…”
“Okay, one minute.”
A murder. A murder! Dalton ought to be horrified, he knew, but he couldn’t help but be a little excited. Finally, some action, and this time he was going to get a piece of it. He dressed, got his lantern and equipment, and came out quickly.
“You still wearin’ that cheap coat and bowler cap Mr. Dalton?”
“Shut up Freddy. Come on, show me where we’re going.”
“I mean, you’re a lawman. Shouldn’t you, ya know, at least look like you have some class?”
“Freddie, I make it a habit not to beat little children. Don’t make me reassess my code of ethics.”
Freddie led him north. Dalton lived in the northern district of the town, so it wasn’t a very long journey to the road in question. As they walked along the roads, Freddie’s small silhouette eagerly led him on, stopping only to pick up his flat cap when it dropped from his head. The stone cobbled roads grew looser. Buildings became farther and farther apart. After a while, they found themselves on the northern outskirts of Northshire, well outside Dalton’s jurisdiction. They had their district law enforcement agency up in these parts, and, bureaucratically speaking, this murder ought to be reported to them. But it was the middle of the night – most of the officers would be home and asleep. There would be a few men manning the night shifts, but those were usually the people on the lower end of the spectrum, the kids with no seniority who got stuck with the worst hours. The outskirts were where the simpler folk lived, but they usually kept to themselves and didn’t cause much trouble, certainly not in the middle of the night. The night officers were, in all honesty, probably asleep. Besides, this had landed in Dalton’s lap, and he wasn’t going to pass up the opportunity.
“So you and your friends play in the outskirts?”
“Yeah,” Freddie said.
“Why?”
“Less people. If we play in town, people look at us funny and tell us to go away. Nobody bothers us in the outskirts.”
“I guess that makes sense. The townsfolk are getting hit pretty hard with the economy the way it is and all, and they’re not so agreeable as they once were. People on the outskirts… well, they’re used to it. It’s always hard living out here…”
“Yeah, whatever. They just don’t look at us weird.”
Soon, the buildings became even more sporadic, and the roads devolved into paths of dirt and mud cut into the earth. Dalton followed Freddie across the winding paths and, eventually, into the wilderness. The night grew suddenly thick amongst the pressure of the trees on both sides of the road. There were no more buildings. Northshire had ended. And now, they were in lands where men rarely ventured. The only thing to show for man’s existence was the shoddy dirt road upon which they traveled, and it too was slowly but surely being taken back by the wild.
“Freddie, where the hell are you taking me? This is a no man’s land.”
“It’s not too far from here.”
Dalton could only wonder where the road led. “You play out here?”
“Not normally. But we were playing robbers and lawmen, and the robbers were making a getaway into the forest.”
“Definitely a good place to hide.” This place was creepy. These weren’t just any trees. They were more primal, as if they were from a time well before his own. And the forest was thick. It must have been quite an effort to clear a path even for such a shoddy little dirt road.
“There, over there!” Freddie said.
“Where?” Dalton said.
“Over there!”
“I know over there. Where the hell is over there, though?”
“There!” Freddie pointed.
“Stay here,” Dalton said, pulling out his pistol. He walked towards the spot where Freddie had been pointing, his eyes keen for anything out of the usual. The mud gave way under his shoes. Dalton had never been in this type of a situation before. He had trained for it, sure, but dealing with a dead body in the middle of the woods? Unheard of in Northshire. What would it be like, to see the victim of a murder? He saw a large form behind some of the trees, right where Freddie had been pointing. He stepped closer, closer…
“Godammit Freddie! It’s a rock! What the hell are you trying to do to me here?”
“Oh,” Freddie said. “Wrong spot I guess. Must be further down.”
“Freddie!”
“What? It’s dark. What do you expect? I don’t remember where the exact spot was…”
“Well, you better remember when we get to it. This isn’t a game, you know!”
They traveled on in silence. Dalton was visibly agitated now. What if it was just a bloody hoax? What if the little brat’s friends were waiting in the bushes to ambush Dalton? If that was the case, he hoped he wouldn’t panic and shoot one of the buggers. That wouldn’t look too good on his record. Manslaughter. No, childslaughter, even better.
It wasn’t dark enough to warrant lighting his lantern, at least while on the path. If it wasn’t for the partial moon, though, he wondered if they would have been able to see anything. It would be a good place to dump a body, sure, but on the side of the road? Even in an isolated place such is this, wouldn’t it be better to dump it deeper in the forest? No one would be able to see it then, most likely. The wolves would finish up the job, surely? Then again, he didn’t know. He needed to find the body first before he could continue. He didn’t want to approach the crime with any misguided preconceptions. 
Freddie stopped. “Okay, there!”
“You sure?” Dalton asked.
“I don’t know! I think it was there…”
“All right, stay there.” Time to try this again. He pulled out his pistol once more and made his way past the road and into the trees. Sure enough, a body lay in the mud. It was a woman. Even in the dim moonlight, it was apparent that she was covered in blood. It made him uneasy. He didn’t think a body would affect him unduly like this. Guess he was getting soft. He approached with trepidation.
“So? Is it the right spot?” he heard Freddie shout from the road.
“Shut up Freddie,” Dalton said out of hand.
It was too dark to make out the features of the body. He needed to get her out to the road so he could do an accurate inspection, but he didn’t want to disturb the crime scene like an idiot amateur. Perhaps it would be better to get the local authorities? But no. One couldn’t just leave a body like this in the middle of the wilderness. They might come back and find it chewed to bits. That wouldn’t do. He ignited a match from his coat pocket and lit his lamp. The wick slowly took on a warm glow, and the body soon came to light.
It wasn’t a woman. It was a girl. In her underwear. There were smears of dried blood caked across her body. Lots of cuts and bruises, but no mortal wounds. Maybe she was strangled? Her throat looked to be fine… He got closer. Hell, she was still breathing!
“Mr. Dalton! What’s going on?”
“Shut up Freddie!”
Dalton carefully picked the girl up and carried her over to the road where he laid her down. Freddie’s eyes lit up. “Whoa… Is she dead?”
“I said shut up Freddie.”
She was still breathing, definitely, but she looked to be in bad shape. There were no major wounds. He didn’t know where all that blood had come from. He couldn’t blame Freddie, though. Upon first glance, she could easily have been mistaken for a corpse by a passerby, even in daylight. Well. Now what was he supposed to do? It was obviously pretty unusual circumstances, but was this even a crime? Or what?
He took out a small bottle of whiskey from his coat and poured a little down her throat. Her eyelids sprang open, coughing the strong liquid out fitfully. Dalton was taken aback. That didn’t take long. The girl kept coughing and spitting up the liquid. After a few moments, she rolled over onto her side and, with a groan, collapsed in a heap.
Dalton didn’t quite know how to respond, other than by taking a sip of his whiskey. May as well, it was already open.
“So…” Freddie said.
“So…” Dalton said.
“So… she’s not dead?”
“Apparently not.”
“So…” Freddie said.
“So…” Dalton said.
“So… it’s not a murder?”
“No Freddie, it’s not a murder.”
“Man, that blows.”
“Yeah, you’re telling me – I mean, what are you talking about? Do you really want to see this poor girl dead?”
“I guess not. But man, this was no fun at all. I’m going home.”
Dalton turned around and saw Freddie running away towards town. What a twat. Now what was he supposed to do with this girl? “Hey, miss, you all right?”
She didn’t answer.
“Are you hurt or something? What happened to you? You looked like you were dead.”
The girl didn’t even turn. She merely lay on the ground, shivering slightly.
“Ok, well, I can’t carry you all the way to town. So you’re going to need to get up so I can take you in for questioning.”
She made no movement.
“Seriously, you need to get up. I need to take you in for questioning.”
Her disinterest was almost spiteful.
“You look out of it. Maybe you need some more whiskey to wake you up.”
She got up.
“Come on. Town’s not too far away. There’s a police station in the outskirts real close. I’m Dalton, by the way, constable. And you are…?”
Silence.
“Well aren’t we just a fountain of amicability,” he said to himself. 
She followed him with a limp, very slowly. She looked like she was in a great deal of pain, but when Dalton offered her some help, she refused it. And she was utterly silent. Dalton could only imagine what kind of antics had led up to her playing the part of a corpse in the middle of nowhere. Kids these days, sheesh… And she was shivering. It was a cold night, and all she had on was a blouse, her underwear, and a whole lot of blood and mud. He knew he should do something but… It was his favorite coat. He didn’t want to get it muddy… But the girl was freezing.
“Here, take my coat,” he said.
The girl refused.
“You’re going to catch hypothermia if you don’t keep warm. Take it.”
She took it, allowing Dalton to drape it over her shoulders.
“Take the lantern too. Hold it in your arms, close to your chest.”
She did as she was told.
They walked in silence, Dalton leading the way, the girl shambling along. The trees soon thinned. Buildings came into view. The moonlight became more prominent. And the girl soon collapsed. Dalton heard her fall, and he turned around to see her shivering madly on the ground. Oh crap.
Dalton rushed to her. She was completely wigging out. Not good. He was so stupid. He had no idea how long she had been lying out there in the wilderness, at least long enough for Freddie to find her, notify Dalton, and come back. Undoubtedly longer. Okay, don’t panic. Warmth. The lantern. No, fire. Needed something to burn. Wood. There was no wood nearby. Well, plenty in the trees, but unless he wanted to set the forest aflame…
There was a house nearby. He picked her up and made for the house. She was a lot heavier than he thought, and he was a lot weaker than he last remembered. It was tough going, but he reached the house, laid her down, and knocked on the door. No one answered. He knocked again. Still nothing. He kicked the door, and cursed in pain. When would he learn? The girl was shivering violently. Godammit!
There was a cart passing one of the roads nearby. Dalton screamed at it. The cart stopped. He ran up to the man driving it, a rather plain, rural looking man.
“Hey, buddy, this girl here’s got hypothermia. I need to take her someplace warm.”
The man looked at the girl leaning against the house. “Hunnerd leos.”
Dalton couldn’t believe his ears. “A hundred leos? A hundred? Are you mad? Do you think I have that kind of money on me? I am a Northshire constable, an extension of official Dominion law! I hereby commandeer this vehicle!”
The man laughed. “I never bin too partial to the law. But I always bin partial to leos. Hunnerd leos, specifically. Or somethin’ worth hunnerd leos.”
Now here was a man he would like to kill. He took out his wallet. A hundred leos. A week’s worth of pay. He counted out the bills. Guess he wouldn’t be eating this week. “All I have is eighty-seven.”
The man thought it over. 
“I have nothing else in my wallet! Unless you want my hat too.”
“That cheap thing? Don’ bother. It’ll do. Hop on.”
Dalton rushed to pick the girl up. With a heave, he got her onto the cart, and got on himself.
“Where you wanna go?” the cart driver asked.
The hospital? It would be closed, this time of night. The police station? Please. The cheapest, coldest place in the whole damn town. “The Wiltshire Suites. A bit south, I’ll show you the way.”
“Sounds fancy.”
The cart had a couple stacks of hay, and a sleeping sheep. Dalton laid the girl next to the sheep and began piling some hay on her to try and keep her warm.
“Hey, wassa big idea?” the cart driver said.
“I just paid you eigthy-seven leos. I reserve the right to use your bloody hay if I want.”
Dalton sat back, giving occasional directions to the driver. His horses smelled horrible, or maybe it was the driver, but Dalton put up with it. Not like he had much choice.
The girl lay there with the sheep, covered in hay. She was still shivering, but not as horribly. She was a scrawny, feeble looking thing. It was a surprise she wasn’t dead already. The northern part of the Dominion was habitable, but bloody cold, even in summer, and especially at night. What was a feeble thing like her doing wandering around the wilderness at night in her underwear? He could only guess. Hopefully her muteness would not persist. He wanted some answers. Well, not really. He wanted his week’s wages back, but, barring that, he would settle for some answers.

Chapter 5

“We’re all going to die you know.”
“Yes, of course… They will capture us, torture us… do what they will. They will hunt us down, every last one.”
“The optimism in this room knows no bounds”
“But why? I don’t understand…”
“This is not something to be understood, only accepted.”
“Accepted? Accept what? Our inevitable demise? No, I cannot accept it! I shall not! And I know there are still a few here who agree with me, whether they shall admit it or not.”
“You, sir, are out of your element.”
“You, sir, are a damnable villain! You see things as if they are written in stone, written in some celestial tongue, carved upon the very heavens themselves!”
“We see things as they are.”
“You see things as you want to see them.”
“Enough. I for one am sick of this bickering. The reality of the situation is that the net is fast closing in upon us. Our ranks thin. Soon, within the course of a century, we will be exterminated from the face of these lands. What is done is done. Powerful as we may have been, there is nothing we can do to reverse the course of our history. But now? Now we do what we can. The fantasy is over. The dream is dead. All in favor of dissolution?
“All opposed?
“The ayes have it. May we receive whatever mercy we deserve.”

The darkness unfolded in waves, and the haze slowly gave way. She opened her eyes lethargically. Where was she? She couldn’t remember anything. Was she dead? A spider crawled over the dim face of the wall in front of her. She was in some sort of a room. A dirty room. There were random bits of junk everywhere. In fact, there was barely any room at all, the place was so small, and the only light source was a single window… which looked out at a brick wall of a building not five feet away. Yes, she was dead, and this was hell. Quaint.
She felt horrible. The pain was everywhere and began radiating virulently at once, through her limbs, her chest, and her head, all with their own unique flavorings, though equal in intensity. Movement was out of the question. She just lay on the iron slab which passed for a mattress, buried underneath a pile of ugly, smelly blankets. She wished she could get away from the smell. She was so hungry, and thirsty, and hot, but as she tried getting up, she groaned, her body thinking otherwise. The theory had been proven; movement was out of the question.
But where was she? Did it matter? She supposed she was alive. What could she remember? Some man in a bowler cap… what was his name? Carlton? Bolton? What did it matter? Some foul tasting tonic… God, why couldn’t he have just let her lie there? The mud had been infinitely better than wherever she was now. And then the tidal wave of memory hit her with such force and ferocity that she squealed out in terror. 
There was a shuffling, and something fell to the floor. Cursing. Not something – someone. She hadn’t even noticed him in the shadows. As he stood up, he came into view in the dim morning light. He looked exceedingly… common, and unremarkable. Even the servants that had worked for her family had seemed more… dignified. 
“So,” the man said, picking himself up from the ground after having fallen from his chair. “You’re awake then? And how are you feeling?”
She remained silent, simply looking at him from under the sheets.
“Are you feeling sick or something? You were in pretty bad shape last night, you know.”
She remained wary. She had no idea who this man was, what he wanted, and she was in no mood to trust anyone, though she supposed if he meant her any harm, he would have had plenty of opportunity to do so already.
“Well, I, uh, introduced myself last night, but I guess I should do so again, eh? I’m Dalton, Dalton Ridge. I’m a Northshire constable. You’re safe here. Well, more or less, I guess. The rats might get ya, but other than that… or I guess the spiders, but other than that… or I guess… aw hell, it could be worse. How about we leave it at that?”
He seemed kind of nice, she supposed. Queer, but nice, in a quaint sort of way. He was a constable though. She could tell him about… what… what happened… She should, shouldn’t she?
“Sooo, what’s your name then, miss?”
Her name? What was her name? What was her name?
“Okay, I see how it is. Little miss no-talky, eh? Well, the fact of the matter is, you were lying in the mud like a corpse in your undies in a part of the area where nobody has any business being, certainly not a young girl like yourself. You’re going to have to tell me something eventually, hopefully the truth, though I guess if you were a convincing enough liar you might be able to persuade me otherwise. Only don’t give me any horsecrap that wouldn’t even have a remote chance of being true. That’s what I have my serials for. Anyway, you’re in pretty bad shape, I’m going to take you to the hospital.”
The hospital? “No!” she said.
Dalton jumped. “What? Why not?”
People were looking for her. She would be easily found in a hospital. At least in this… slum, she was somewhat hidden.
“Godammit, girl. I need to go down to the station and file a report. You can come with me and rot in jail then.” He pulled off the blankets and tried hauling her up, but, after several squeals of pain from her, he gave up. “Fine. You can… stay here, I guess. Just promise me not to run away. I could get in serious trouble if I file a report and you disappear. The bathroom’s over there, if you need to puke. There should be some bread in the cupboard, help yourself. But when I get back, I expect some answers.” Dalton put on his tweed coat and bowler cap, gathered his belongings, and, after struggling with the door for several moments, left.
What a queer fellow. She had never encountered such a character before. A constable. She always thought they would be a bit more dashing. This Dalton fellow was a downright slob. His apartment was disgusting. And it smelled. She grabbed the blankets and pulled them over her lazily, moaning. She had such a headache. She probably had a fever. She was probably going to die there, in that dirty, smelly, filthy place. How fitting.
What was she going to do now? What did it matter? She had such a headache. It was insufferable. She just laid there. It was all she could do.
After a few hours in a delirious half-sleeping state, she found that she could hold it no longer. She gritted her teeth and forced herself to get up. It took a tremendous amount of effort. She collapsed, then gave it another try. Finally, she managed to sit up. Now the difficult part – walking. All she could manage was a shamble. Eventually, she made it to the bathroom, but upon opening the door, she cringed. The stench was ungodly, but there was nothing else she could do. Fumbling for a match, she lit a candle and closed the door. The toilet may well have been something out of her nightmares.
She figured she may as well take a shower. The shower stall was a sordid affair, but in the dim light, it didn’t much matter. She turned the water knob, but nothing happened. The water must be off. Figures. She was about to go back out when she heard a quiet rumbling. It was faint at first, but grew louder. And suddenly, she yelped as the shower head erupted, letting loose a deluge of cold, murky liquid onto her face. It wasn’t just cold, it was freezing, and it was dirty, small solid bits of god knows what getting caught in her hair. It was a shock to her system, and she felt her body recoil in disgust. After a minute, she had had enough and shut it off. At least the mud from the past few days was gone, though it had been replaced by a filmy, slimy sensation, and she couldn’t say it was such a great trade off.
As she stepped out, though, she realized she didn’t have a towel. She looked around, and saw nothing. That savage probably never even took any showers. She didn’t know what to do. The candle went out. And slowly, she felt the muscles of her face tighten, her lips tremble, and the tears begin to flow down her cheeks. She didn’t want to think about anything anymore, and she wouldn’t. But she couldn’t stop herself from collapsing on the bathroom floor. It was disgusting, but she didn’t care; she didn’t have the strength to even stand. She would die there, on that floor, in the middle of some slum, in the middle of nowhere, far from anybody that ever mattered to her or cared about her.
A spider crawled across the moldy tile, an inch from her eyelid. She screeched and scrambled to her feet, almost slipping and falling. She opened the door and rushed out of the room, grabbing a bed sheet and covering herself. Quietly, she dressed herself with what remained of her clothes, sat on the bed, and breathed. At least she was awake now, the shower had done that much. She felt so filthy. She was no better off than some vagabond wandering the streets, begging for spare change. She had no money, no friends, nothing. She would die. And soon at that, if she didn’t eat something.
The man had told her there was some bread in the cupboard. No doubt it would be lice ridden and moldy, but she could feel her stomach caving in, and there was no room for argument. She opened up the cupboard and found some rather hard looking bread. She took a loaf and tore off a hunk. After some searching, she found a glass and held it under the faucet. The water that dribbled out was of questionable coloration, but she was so thirsty. As she could feel her legs beginning to give out, she hobbled back to bed and, putting her bread on the glass, and the glass on the nightstand, she allowed herself to fall into the bed. Yelping, she shot back up, rubbing her side where a spring from the mattress had bitten her. Slowly, she allowed herself to sink back into the bed, wrapping herself in the smelly blankets once more.
She began nibbling on the bread. It was tough, though surprisingly not so bad. It was edible, at least. The water was queer, but she drank it anyway. Her headache was still there, but its intensity was subsiding. She still felt like she had a fever. What was she going to do? She looked at her arm. There were cuts and bruises everywhere. Her skin looked sickly. She was glad the man didn’t have a mirror; she must look like an absolute horror. If her mother could see her now…
She wondered if her mother would come for her. But why, when she already had a better daughter so near at hand? Neither her mother nor Keira would spare a thought for her. And in turn, she wouldn’t spare a thought for them. She had other things to worry about. In fact, she felt too sick to really worry about anything. She knew she ought to be frightened, but by not thinking about things, by letting it all just slip away voluntarily into the void, she could focus on the now without losing her mind. Else, she surely would. Over the past day or two, she had managed to become numb enough not to feel anything, but now she was in danger of becoming overwhelmed. She needed something to distract herself. A book. She needed a book. Her books. Where were her books?
Oh god. The Solarian texts. Where were they? She had them with her, she knew. She had kept them close to her all along the road. She knew she hadn’t dropped them. But she had collapsed… and the man, he had taken her, and the books… were probably in the mud where she had laid down! She had to find them. She couldn’t lose them. She had promised to keep them. She had promised! But what was she to do? She didn’t know where she was, and she didn’t know how to get to where the books lay. There was nothing she could do, at the moment. It was a horrible feeling, though. Those books had been all she had. 
She tried not to think about it at all. She tried hard, but to little avail. She needed something to distract her. There must be something in the room that would pry her mind away from her thoughts. The room was cluttered with all sorts of garbage. Utensils, boxes, cards, papers, and all manner of assorted paraphernalia. On the floor, though, she spotted some discarded, shabby looking books. She reached over from the bed, trying to get a grip on them without leaving the sheets. After almost falling over, she managed to nab one of the books.
It was cheaply bound and on the verge of falling apart, a far cry from the leather bound beauties she was used to. Logan T. Walker, Lawman – The Early Days. She flipped through the pages; they were thin enough to see through. It looked to be some sort of collection of serialized fiction. The stories seemed quite old. She opened up a page and, nibbling on her bread, began to read.

“And so we meet again, Walker!” the devilish brute cried out hideously.
“Black Skull, you dastardly fiend! You’ll never get away with this!” Walker jerked out.
“Oh, on the contrary, Walker! You shall taste seething acid soon enough! This is where your story ends, Walker! This is where your story ends!” Black Skull cackled like the madman that he was. His voice was like hellfire burning deep within his throat, spewing out with his every word. Black Skull turned, his dark cloak flowing like the wings of a murder of crows flying through the deep dark night, the darkness of their feathers blending into the darkness of the unfathomable depths of the midnight sky.
Black Skull had left, leaving Walker hanging over the pit of acid, the threads of the rope holding him slowly, but surely, snapping away one by one. It was obvious that time wasn’t on his side. Sweat beaded upon his forehead, the vapors of the acid causing him to choke. However, he began swinging, propelling his body back and forth, back and forth, going further and further with each thrust. He looked to the top of the rope. It would not last much longer. Finally, after timing it just right, with one final thrust, the rope snapped and he went careening off to the side, his face at one point barely an inch from the viciously burning acid.
Walker rolled off to the side and looked for a way to cut the ropes. Nothing became apparent. “Aha! The acid!” He would use the villain’s own ingenuity against him! He walked over to the edge of the pit and, carefully, dipped some of the rope into the green glowing pit. After a few moments, he strained his muscles against the rope, his biceps bulging, and the ropes fell at his feet.
“Now then, villain Black Skull! We shall see who has the last laugh! Aha!” He ran up the stone stairs of the dungeon. It was truly a pit of darkness and despair, but Walker made his way out, unflinching under its brutal atmosphere. He made it up to the top and, going through a trap door, found himself at the top of the tower, with the shadowy silhouette of Black Skull against the eerie, ghostly glow of the moon, a veritable phantasm haunting the night atmosphere like a crow circling its prey before the bloody kill.
“Walker! I knew you would escape all along! Oh, how I knew! At every turn, you have foiled my plans! At every corner, you have ambushed me, but no more! For I have a special surprise waiting for you! Minions! Unveil Walker’s surprise!”
Out in the middle tower of the castle, protruding into the sky, a platform was raised, and on it, a woman was tied to an upright pillar. 
“Volesia!” Walker cried out in horror.
She struggled against her bonds, but to no avail. However, another platform soon rose to the top of the tower and on it rested a large, wicked looking device. As Black Skull gave the signal, the minions lowered the machine and began cranking, the drill coming to life, its wicked point swirling slowly forward, pointed at Volesia’s chest. She screamed as the vicious device approached closer and closer, its pointed tip threatening to violate her flesh.
“And now I have you right where I want you Walker!” Black Skull cackled madly. “Surrender, or watch your precious girl as she is torn apart by my genius! My genius! Ye gods, my genius!”
Walker knew that time wasn’t on his side. The drill would soon tear into Volesia’s chest, and to waste such a voluptuous chest would be a most tragic waste indeed. He looked around and saw that there were minions coming to him across the stone bridges. They leaped at him. Walker dodged the punches like a dexterous animal, and countered the attacks with strikes of his own. He turned and saw three more of the fiends coming at him, but Walker recoiled and let loose a kick that knocked all three off the castle wall and into the moat of acid far below.
A pulley rope swung off to the side and Walker saw his chance. He leaped off the wall and grabbed onto the rope, the force propelling him forward. For a moment, his body was silhouetted against the moon, a bird of prey preparing for the kill, and Walker watched as the smile of Black Skull turned into a look of horror, as Walker’s foot tore into the fiend’s face.
Walker landed on the platform and watched as Black Skull fell, screaming. “Walker! I will get you yet!” And then he fell into the acid.
Volesia screamed, her voice crying out for aid, for mercy. “Oh Walker, hurry! Help! Please! Ahhhh!” Walker knew that time was still not on his side. Indeed, it was even less on his side than before. He leaped from the platform onto the other platform. And from that platform he leaped onto the other platform. From there, he leaped and found himself on top of the drill. The minions were cranking away on it, but had not seen Walker. He quickly lowered himself from the drill and dropped onto the minions. He kicked one of them in the face and he fell off the platform, into the acid. Walker then proceeded to kick the other minion, again, also into the acid far below. Yet the drill kept moving!
Volesia screamed. “Help! Walker! The drill is still moving! Do something! Save me, please! Ahhhh!” The drill must have been saving energy somehow. Walker looked into the drill. Its gears were indeed moving. He looked over to Volesia. The drill was about to pierce the flesh of her chest. She screamed once more. Then, all of a sudden, Walker looked into the drill and took out his handy pen, jamming it into the gears. The drill wound to a halt.
Volesia breathed a sigh of relief. Walker leaped to the platform where Volesia was being held. “Oh Walker, you saved me! I owe you my life!”
“You owe me more than that,” Walker said as he caressed her face. He began slowly unraveling the ropes that held her to the post. But she couldn’t wait and grasped at him savagely, thrusting herself towards him. He pressed his lips to hers and felt the curves of her hips, begging for him, the warm flesh of her body-

Larissa threw the book into the garbage bin, right where it belonged. She couldn’t believe anyone could write such drivel. She couldn’t believe anyone would want to read such drivel! Time wasn’t on his side… well time wasn’t on her side either, and she wasn’t about to waste any more reading such stupidity.
She needed to get those Solarian books back. She had to. Abandoning them was not an option. She didn’t really know where she was, though, and she didn’t remember exactly where she had collapsed. She would have to get the plain fellow, that Carlton to bring them back to her. They were just too precious to lose.
Larissa tried getting up. She could feel the pain in her body get worse all over, but she forced herself up. As she stood, however, a strange, flowing sensation traveled through her head, and she felt herself sit down once more. She grasped her head and collapsed. What was she to do? She felt herself lost, the void threatening to consume her. The strands of thought seemed to flow aimlessly, driving towards nothing of value. She was exhausted, and she wanted to go home. Back to the estate, back to her books. She wanted it so badly that she would give everything she had to make it so, though she guessed that didn’t amount to very much.
She grew sick of herself. She was capable of no action that would accomplish anything, no thought of any value. What was she to do then? She had no idea. So this was what misery felt like. A mud soaked mountainside, climbing upwards toward salvation in high heels.
What had she done to deserve this? She couldn’t comprehend it. She had spent her life in isolation. Perhaps she had taken her life for granted? Isolation didn’t seem so bad now. Yet there was no hope in trudging about in such thoughts. She couldn’t believe it. She couldn’t believe any of it. None of it could be true. It couldn’t be true, could it? Of course it couldn’t. It didn’t make any sense. None of it made any sense. And if things made such little sense, they couldn’t possibly be true. Fairy tales and fireflies, nothing more than fairy tales and fireflies dancing about in the mists of dream and nightmare. She would wake now. She would return to the waking world, for the land of dreams had taken a dislike to her. She knew she was no longer welcome, so she would wake now and leave this place of filth and misery.

Chapter 6

“A nominal fee of approximately fifty leos.”
“I have insurance.”
“Let me see your plan… Oh, all right then. It will just be a co-payment of forty-four leos.”
“…Are you serious?”
“Wait now, is the patient under your plan?”
“Uh…”
“Well in that case, it will revert to a full payment of fifty leos, payable before services are rendered.”
“I hate you.”
“I assure you, the feeling is mutual. Come, show me to these… Wiltshire Suites.”
Dalton walked across the city streets, his face locked into an expression that was somewhere between a grimace and a scowl. He led the doctor on, but didn’t look at him, for if he did he would surely lose his job on grounds of assault and battery. But oh such satisfying battery it would be! He pulled down his bowler cap and forced himself onward, trying not to grind his teeth into dust. After all, he didn’t have any dental.
It took them a few more minutes to reach the apartment building. As they climbed up the stairs, the doctor’s face contorted.
“The… aroma of your residence. One might liken it to the sweat of boar. It’s quite displeasing.”
“Yeah? Well so is your bill, but I’m still paying it, so shut your fat mouth and get moving.”
Bloody doctors. Always overcharging, stealing from desperate people in need with no other options. Always rolling in unclean money… God, how he should have been a doctor. Instead, he was forking over cash for some damn mute girl. Was it worth it? Of course it wasn’t. So why was he forking over all that cash at all? It’s not like he had to. By rights he ought to let the dumb thing rot in the streets.
He opened the door to his apartment, gingerly, and entered. The girl was lying on the bed like a corpse, dazed and delirious. Her eyes were open, but they didn’t seem to be seeing anything at all, at least not in this reality.
“Well, she doesn’t look too well,” the doctor said.
Dalton turned slowly and gave the doctor an icy look.
“Uh, right then, let me take a look at her.” The doctor opened his bag and took out his instruments. “So then, exactly what do you believe led to her current ailments?”
“Isn’t that your job?”
“Well, if you’d rather not say, then I suppose that’s business between you and the girl…”
Dalton scowled. “Hey! What are you trying to say? I didn’t do it!”
“Sure, constable,” the doctor said, pronouncing the title with incredulous distaste.
“She’d been lying in the cold for some time,” Dalton said. “Hypothermia, most like. I don’t know about the cuts or bruises. I swear!”
“Well, she if hypothermia was the case, it has passed,” the doctor said, running the back of his hand against her skin. “She has a bit of a fever, in fact. The skin is quite warm to the touch.”
“Why is she so spaced out?”
“Perhaps a side effect of the stench,” the doctor said. “Perhaps fatigue. Or stress. Or both. As for the cuts, they’re only flesh wounds, nothing serious. They’re closed up, so if they haven’t gotten infected yet, they won’t… probably won’t, anyway. Make sure she gets plenty of fluids, plenty of rest, and plenty of fruits and vegetables. All right, that will be fifty leos.”
Dalton paused. “That’s it?” he said.
“Yes, well, there’s nothing much wrong with her. I certainly hope you have the coin. The reek of this residence made me forget to collect the sum beforehand.”
“I have it, I have it,” Dalton said.
“If not, I will have to initiate legal proceedings, which, quite frankly, would be rather a bother, if I do say so-”
“I said I have it.” He dug about in one of his drawers. After a few moments, he produced a small jar with a handful of coins and bills in it. He started counting out the sum, but soon found the jar nearly empty.
“Here. You leech,” Dalton muttered.
The doctor counted out the sum. “Yes, well, in the medical profession, leeches are highly beneficial. A pleasure doing business with you. And now excuse me if I find the greater pleasure of some fresh air.”
Dalton hated doctors. He hated lawyers too. And clerks, annoying bastards. And… in fact, Dalton hated a lot of people. And that damn girl was quickly working her way onto the top of the list. She lay there, flopped across the bed as if she had nothing better to do. And maybe she didn’t. But it was his bed, and it was his money, and it was his… money! It was his money! The bloody money! He had worked months to save up some money, and within two days it had been blown. And on what? He hadn’t even accomplished anything. The girl would probably have been better off dead anyway. God damn that Freddy – a genuine herald of woe and misfortune that little booger had turned out to be.
“Hey girl,” Dalton said. “Get up.” The girl stared on unheeding. “Hey girl,” Dalton said again, his voice becoming a growl. “Wakey wakey. Rise and shiney.” The girl just lay there. He gritted his teeth. Dalton went to the sink and held a small pail under the faucet until the murky liquid reached the brim. “Hey girl,” Dalton said, and thrust the pail in her direction. A deluge of water erupted into the air and drenched the girl. The doctor did say she should get plenty of fluids, after all.
The girl shot up in bed, wild eyed. She looked at Dalton with an evil glare that bespoke of violence on the mind. “Well then, girl. It’s time you gave me some answers. Who are you, and what were you doing lying in the middle of nowhere?”
The girl merely stared at him. The blank look on her face was gone, replaced by one of dreadful intention. She looked rather like a small mouse, with fur wet and mussed, having just waded through the filth. But if she was a mouse, she certainly was an angry mouse.
“Girl, I’m going to ask you one last time. Who are you? Tell me something. Anything, I don’t care, but you need to tell me something. I wasted a lot of money on your sorry little self, so you better tell me something, cause I’ve had just about enough of this crap.”
Dalton looked at the girl. He imagined there were better looking waifs in Wayland. She was really such a sorry thing. Not in a way that implored sympathy, but in a way that was just pathetic. “All right, girl. You don’t want to play? Fine then, get out of here.” The girl furrowed her brow, but remained silent. “I said,” Dalton said, as he grabbed her by the feet and dragged her out of bed. He picked her up by the shoulders and forced her out the door. She tripped and fell flat onto her face. “Get out.” He slammed the door. The door recoiled and opened again. He slammed it once more, forcing the lock into place.
He turned around, sat down on his chair, and sighed in relief. Well that was that. What a sorry episode that had been. Wouldn’t see that in a Logan T. Walker serial, that’s for sure. Logan Walker never had to deal with this type of nonsense. Well, at least it was over with. He was out a hundred-fifty leos, but he would save up, he guessed. But he had worked so hard to save that money, and now it was gone, and for nothing. For nothing! He didn’t want to start saving all over again. Why did he have to? Why him? Why hadn’t the girl just bloody croaked before he had found her? He would have just called for the mortician and been done with it, no skin off his back. But no! She had to be alive! The little bitch had to be alive! Who the hell was he kidding. He wasn’t a hero. He wasn’t a selfless person. He was just Dalton Ridge, county constable, playmate of drunks. All he cared for now was a decent enough paycheck to buy bread, pay for rent, and maybe something left over for a drink and a game of cards.
He looked over the room. What a mess. It was worse than he remembered it. The bed was in disarray. There were all sorts of things splayed across the floor. There were wet bedsheets bunched up in the corner of the room for some reason. And one of his serials in the garbage bin! He rushed to fish it out. Logan Walker, what did you do to deserve such a fate? All in all, the room was pretty gross, but he didn’t have much interest in cleaning it up. What did it matter anyway? Like anyone would care? Certainly not him.
Dalton took out a folded wad of paper from his tweed coat and laid it on the table. He stared at it for a bit, then eventually unfolded it and stared at it some more. It was the unfiled report for the girl. He had filled it out and everything, but eventually he realized just how stupid “Girl found lying outside” sounded on paper. He was hopeless.
He went to the cupboard and tried to find something to eat that wasn’t too moldy. There was a loaf of bread, but one end of it was turning a peculiar darkish color. He looked further, but there was nothing else but a couple rotting apples that had already lost all traces of red. Bread it is. He took the loaf out and began eating it from the less discolored end. Sitting in the creaky chair, eating rotting bread, looking out the window at the brick wall of the building next door. Yep, this was the life, all right.
He didn’t quite know what to do with himself at that point. It was getting dark outside, and he had to go to work tomorrow. He hadn’t done much today, other than running around randomly, emptying out his wallet once more. The Captain would wonder what he had been up to, and Dalton doubted he would like very much the answer. Great, he hadn’t even thought of that. Dalton had even put his job in jeopardy. Further in jeopardy, really. The district was looking to cut back, and it’s not like Dalton had been accomplishing much these last few years. It would be one less pension to worry about, surely.
Godammit he needed some booze. It was the only solution in times like these. Going back to the nearly empty jar, he overturned it and finished the job, the coins falling to the floor. Cursing, Dalton scrounged about on his knees picking up the coins. When he managed to collect them all, he got up and headed to the door. One thing was certain in Northshire; there was always a bar nearby to get you drunk.
As he opened the door, however, his senses were confronted by a small shock of red on the floor outside his apartment. It was only a small smear, but the blood was fresh and it glistened even under the dim light of the hallway windows. Oh hell. Now he had done it. The blood trailed off down the hallway, but only barely. Where could she have gone? She couldn’t have gotten far.
He checked the hallways. One after another, he scrambled through them. There was nothing. He paced. It was nothing. The girl had cuts all over, one of them must have opened up, that’s all. She would be fine. But then again, he had pretty much thrown her to the floor, and rather harshly at that. He could have injured her. Oh, a fine constable you are, Dalton Ridge, further abusing already abused girls! 
Perhaps she had gone outside. Yeah, why would anyone want to stick around in a stinkhole like this? He hurried down the stairs. They creaked uneasily. He exited out the foyer and found himself on the streets of Northshire once again, the gray sky above lording over the town, pelting it with rain. Now where could she have gone?
He picked a street and followed it. People walked here and there, all drifting god knows where. Dalton trotted along, trying to find an abused girl in her underwear. That sounded bad, quite bad. He guessed he couldn’t ask anyone else for help, lest he become known as the lewd lawman. Wilbur from his department already held that title, and he would be rather upset at the contention.
A girl like that really shouldn’t be that hard to find in a town like this. You’d think someone would notice. Dammit to hell, Dalton. If he was a battered young girl in her undies with no place to go, where would he go? To the whorehouses, make some real money for a change. He shocked even himself with that thought; he was more vulgar than he had even realized. Well, where would he go, really? Not far.
Dalton stopped, the people walking nearby looking at him queerly. He turned around, and quickly retraced his steps, going back to the apartment building. Not far, not far. Where would she have gone? Not far. He began circling the building, looking into the various alleys and surrounding streets. Where was she? Not far. He passed a small passage, stopped, and walked backwards.
There in the corner sat a young, bruised, half naked girl, coiled up next to a Wiltshire dumpster. She stared off into the brick wall of the building, seemingly unaware of Dalton’s presence. He walked somberly towards her, his shoes sloshing through the puddles of muddy rainwater. As he approached her, he saw that a small trickle of fresh blood flowed from her nose.
“Hey, there,” Dalton said. “I’m sorry about, uh, what happened back there. Rather uncivil.” He paused, but the girl didn’t seem to react. “Why don’t you-” He reached out his arm towards her, but she recoiled quickly and began limping towards the end of the alley, her bare feet becoming muddied.
“Hey, hold on!” He said, following her. “Wait a second, I said I’m sorry, all right? What do you expect? You’re going to freeze to death out here in the rain. Come back inside. If you die here, it’ll be a waste of all the money I’ve spent on you already.”
The girl slumped down against a wall and huddled. Her teeth chattered. She was such a weak little thing. He couldn’t imagine how she had even survived this long. It appeared that she was trying to say something. “What was that?” Dalton said.
“I… I said, the rainwater’s cleaner than what you poured on me earlier.”
Dalton paused. “Snarky little thing, aren’t we?” He laughed. “Come on, get up.” But the girl didn’t budge. She glanced at Dalton momentarily, then returned to looking at the wall. It seemed the first time she had actually looked him in the eyes.
“Come on, what are you waiting for? You find the dumpsters more comfortable than my apartment? Don’t answer that.” But she continued to stare off into the stone. She seemed content to huddle against the wall and let the rain take her.
“They killed my aunt,” she said, her breath a whisper.
Dalton felt his brow ridge contort. “Wait, what?”
“And the carriage driver too. And they took my sister.”
Dalton didn’t quite know what to make of that.

Chapter 7

Nasty business. Nasty business it had all turned out to be. And now here he was, stuck cleaning up someone else’s mess. And one monster of a mess it would become if they didn’t do something about it soon. Things had been going so well. Such… issues should have been expected, he supposed. Yet still, it was a rather unfortunate series of events, was it not? Unfortunate indeed. Bloody unfortunate, to say the least.
He had to admit, he had missed the feeling of being alone, journeying through the countryside with only a mount as a companion. He had fond memories of his travels in his youth. The brisk mountain air, the sun upon his face, and nothing but rough, uninhabited country between his destinations. He had felt so… alive. And after suffocating in halls and mansions for the past decade, he had thought that it would be liberating to be outdoors again. But in the past, he had traveled burdened only by the pack upon his back. Now he was weighed down by much more, so much so that every time he managed to stand up, he considered it a small miracle. And to be traveling at such a time, for such ends… The days of youth were gone, nothing more than shadows whose only purpose was to remind him how free he had once been, and how much of a… lackey he had recently become.
Oh, fie. He may have been unburdened in youth, but he had also been piss-poor and, most of the time, piss-drunk. He balked. Freedom indeed. At least he didn’t have to worry about where his next meal was coming from – it was easy to forget that. Besides, it was not as if he was that aged. Not quite yet, anyway.
The horse trotted along at a reasonable pace. It was a good horse, the stable master had said. And it most probably was. But the mild stench, though palatable enough at first whiff, was insidious and crept up one’s nostrils and into one’s mind before long, wracking it and refusing to fully dissipate. Beastly thing. He couldn’t quite comprehend how he had ever actually enjoyed riding such a thing before. Indeed, so much for youth. Idiocy, more like.
Besides, these were not the days of the young. The young die so that the wise may ensure continued survival. That is the way it is, and, indeed, that is the way it had been for some time. And the young that manage to survive the first foray go on to fight again. And again. And sooner or later, fate gets the upper hand. And even for those that survive physically, transitioning into the ranks of those who understand requires the death of their youth, spiritually, regardless. And for good reason. Indeed, he would not trade his position now to go back any day, even if he were told his final day would be tomorrow.
Such ruminations. Wasteful and irrelevant, yet time was something he had plenty of to waste, at the moment. He looked out at the trees surrounding him. Dreadful things. Warped branches, soiled leaves, everywhere. It was rather unpleasant. The trees were like grotesque likenesses of tired old men, withered old women, the bark twisting and turning, resembling wracked faces of those who had weathered too many winters. The musky stench of moist woodland, mingling with that of horse and beast left his face in a mild but perpetual cringe. And who knew what manner of creature lurked in the open lands surrounding him, just waiting for him to let down his guard.
Nasty business, surely, but no one had told him it would be so unpleasant. He pulled back on the reins as the house came into view. Fine place to build a damned house, in the middle of nowhere. Sure, it may be harder to locate and farther out of the way to intrude upon, but it was still locatable, and if one wanted to intrude badly enough, one could always find a way.
As the horse sauntered through the arch and into the courtyard, a boy approached him. “Take yer horse fer ya, sir!”
“Fine, fine,” he said. Simple stable boy. Some people might find such rustic folk charming. He didn’t. They were merely fodder for the machinery, but to underestimate the importance of fodder would be a most dire misstep indeed, and so they were a nuisance for him to tolerate. “Is the master of the house in?” he asked.
“Not sure, sir,” the stable boy said. “Best ask around, sir, if you be lookin’ fer sech answers.”
Lookin’, fer sech, answers. Pity he couldn’t put the poor thing out of its misery right then and there. But he was sure the thing had some part to play. Fodder always had a part to play, in the end. He learned that a long time ago. “All right, lad. Exactly where might I find some informed individuals, then?” The boy pointed towards the house. So helpful. “Thank you my lad.” He tossed the boy a quarter leo coin. As if the creature was worth it. But he was feeling generous today, so why not? Life was short, and that stable boy’s was probably especially so.
The smell of flowers, how quaint. Flowers burst forth from all across the courtyard, a cornucopia of color and vibrancy. It was disgusting. He couldn’t understand what people saw in such trivialities. He plucked a marigold from a vase. What purpose did such things serve? Fragrance? Beauty? Beauty. As if the common man even understood the meaning. Beauty was not in a color or a creation, but in an action – an action that shapes and changes, that molds, carves, and, if necessary, breaks. To break the will of something with your own, now that was beauty. He clenched his fist and let the petals fall to the floor. He shouldn’t have done that. Now his glove would smell like flowers.
The estate was a grand sort of affair. It must have taken many years to design, and many more to build. Such a shame, for such a well-crafted estate to have its foundations planted firmly in the middle of nowhere. No matter. He had business to attend to. He entered through the main doorway, finding himself in the foyer. No one seemed to be around, so he followed the hallways in search of someone.
As he passed a doorway, he could hear some frustrated yelling. He peeked in the door. Some old man stood pacing, yammering on. “Blast it Larissa, blast it all! You just don’t seem to get it, do you? You just don’t understand!” A small girl sat in the corner, with a book in her hand that seemed to have been recently colored with paint. “These books are precious! They are tomes of knowledge! Do you understand? God, why do I even bother?”
The man passed by, continuing through the hallway. That old man seemed a queer sort. He didn’t want any dealings with that sort of character. The man walked on, hearing the echoes of his shoes stepping upon the polished stone floor. Paintings of battles and times past hung upon the ornate walls. Busts of old generals, philosophers and statesmen rested upon pillars of marble, gazing sightlessly at passersby. He couldn’t recognize them, but felt strangely uncomfortable in their presence.
Ye gods, was there anyone that lived in this place? The estate felt more like a museum, empty and desolate. He saw someone walk across the end of the hallway. He hurried after him. “Hey! Hey, you! Hold on there a moment!” It was a boy, rather young, weak looking, slight of frame and build. “Hi there, m’lad.”
“Sir,” the boy said simply.
“Might I ask, is the master of the estate present?”
“No sir,” the boy replied.
Damn you Felix. Always have to make things so difficult, don’t you? “Yes, well, might you have any inclination as to his present whereabouts?”
“No sir,”
“You think you could relay to him a message upon his return?”
“He often goes away for months, but yes, I can.”
“Tell him he is summoned and expected presently.”
“And exactly who are you, sir?”
“Unimportant,” the man said. “He’ll know what I mean.”
“I’m sorry sir, but I’m not going to relay any message to him unless I know who it’s coming from.”
A bit insolent, aren’t we? “Well, I shall impart my name if you impart yours, young man.”
“Kaiden.”
“Kaiden. My name is Monroe. Now do you think you have the wits to remember my message and my name, or do you require me to write it down for you?”
“I can remember,” the boy said. “I meant no offense, sir. I just needed to remain abreast of the situation.”
“A rather dutiful young man. No offense taken, I’m sure. Now Kaiden, would you be Felix’s son?”
“I would be.”
“And how old are you, lad?”
“Fourteen, sir. How old are you?”
Monroe laughed. “Old enough not to be considered young, and young enough not to be considered old. Or so I like to believe, anyway. So how do you like things here, Kaiden, m’lad?”
“What? Here? It’s all right, I guess…”
“You guess? This is a fine estate, surely one that suits your needs? Out in the mountains, clean, fresh air…”
“Yeah, I guess. It’s just a bit…”
“A bit what?”
“Well, boring, sir, if you don’t mind.”
“I don’t mind at all. Why should I mind? I suppose I could understand that sentiment, though. Living out here in the middle of nowhere, nothing to do but converse with stone generals.”
“Yeah, exactly, Mr. Monroe. All I do all day is wander around and try to avoid my pestering tutor.”
“That old man I saw earlier?”
“Only one old man hereabouts.”
Monroe took off his top hat. “Well, Kaiden, m’lad. You seem a strong sort. Strong in spirit, at the least. If there comes a time when you tire unduly of the… trivialities of existence here, you might consider enlisting in the Dominion military when you’re older.”
“The military?”
“You say that as if I proposed joining a circus.”
“I just, well… I never really thought about it.”
“Well perhaps you should, m’lad. They train you, make you strong as steel. Stronger! Get to travel, see the world. Oh it’s an adventure, m’lad. My years spent as a soldier were some of the ones I remember most fondly. And I’ll tell you what. I’d probably still be slight like yourself without the experience.”
“Really?”
“Oh yes, really. Only way men like us can get ourselves in the history books. Who knows, maybe someday your descendants will have a marble bust of you in their halls.”
Kaiden looked to the busts down the hallway. “I’d certainly be interested, sir, but my parents would never go for it.”
“Hmm. I’ll tell you what. When you’re sixteen, come find me in the Inner Dominion and we’ll get you squared away.”
“But how will I get there?”
“Oh, a resourceful lad like yourself should have no trouble. When one has a problem, and no solutions are apparent, one shapes a solution for himself. Now then, I really must be going. You’ll remember my message, won’t you?”
“He’s summoned and expected, says Mr. Monroe.”
“Good enough, lad. Farewell.”
The boy was scrawny as a stick and weak like a young girl. But he’d be straightened out soon enough. Wanderlust: the fixation and the bane of the young. The boy would play his part, whether in service or in death, probably one after the other. No matter. Monroe had other things to worry about. Like Felix. That man, despite all his usefulness and capability, was as royal a pain as one could get. To think, Monroe had ridden all this way for naught. Inconvenient. Most inconvenient.
Monroe found his way through the empty halls and exited out the doorway into the courtyard. He placed his top hat on his head and snapped his fingers at the stable boy. “Come on, come on,” Monroe said. He hoped the boy would suffer a most cruel and unnatural death. It would be fitting, for one so useless as he deserved nothing better. One must earn better. One must always earn better.
Monroe mounted his horse and rode back out the way he had entered so recently. Now he had to ride through the desolate forest path all the way back to that bloody godforsaken town. He could feel himself becoming irate. To think, all his years of service, and what was he now? A messenger. An errand boy. They would hear about this. They would learn to treat their allies with more respect.
And here we go again. The woods, stretching out by the dirt roadway, the arms of trees reaching out, trying to strangle him, treacherous fiends that they were. When it was all over, he would come back and burn these woods to the ground. A fitting ending to such a naturalistic wasteland. What purpose did such trees hold? None. Nothing more than obstacles on the path of progress, fuel for the flames of the machine.
The journey back home would be long. Most inconvenient, most vexing. He was tired of biding his time. He had waited years. They had waited centuries. It was time, wasn’t it? Soon enough, soon enough, they would always say. It was always soon, but never now. Well, someday, sooner or later, something would just happen. And would they be prepared for something outside the scope of their precious plans? But no, no one listened to Monroe. Monroe the impatient. Monroe the fool. Bloody hell.
He thought of the work he had left to do. So much work, so many priorities pulling at him in different directions. And now, to be sent out here as an errand boy, it was almost more than he could take. And yet what was he to do about it? The trees. The bloody, blasted trees. What secrets were they hiding? What treacherous murder lay in store for him? They plotted against him. No matter. He would burn them. Ash occludes nothing, after all. Well, perhaps in large enough quantities.
And yet, for all his efforts, for all his work – something whistled through the air. A thud. A piercing sensation, a puncturing of flesh. Again. The horse reared. He fell off, collapsing in the mud of the road. He tried breathing, and he rasped as he tried desperately to fill his lungs. Quietly, shadows appeared, hovering over him.
“Well look at this fine specimen,” one of the men said.
“Looks like a prize trophy kill,” the other said.
“You should gut it and stuff it. Put it on your wall. Would make for great tea time conversation.”
“Maybe, but it’s a rather ugly sort though, don’t you think?”
“Perhaps you’re right, my friend. Perhaps we should just put it out of its misery instead.”
Monroe grasped at his chest. He could feel his fingers becoming slick. Two shafts protruded from his chest. His entire body was going numb.
“Now then. We’ve a few questions for you.”
“Who are your Paragons?”
Monroe clenched his teeth, gasping.
“No use. This one’s done with.”
“Yeah, agreed. Put the thing out of its misery.”
“No. Let him rot. He deserves whatever misery he can get.”
The men turned and left. Monroe could hear them talking to each other. They walked down the road leisurely, quite pleased with themselves. They had done well that day. They had gotten someone that matters for once. Yet as they were about to disappear into the woods, two shots rang out, the sound reverberating against the sky and the trees.
Upon the road stood Monroe, his suit bloody, the shafts jutting out from his body. He grimaced and pulled one arrow out, tearing his own flesh. The blood poured out, then slowed, then stopped. He pulled the other arrow out. Once more, the blood flowed, then stopped. He threw the arrows down and returned his pistol to his holster.
On the road lay two bodies, each man shot through the head precisely. They lay there like bags of meat, flesh being drained of its fluids. Sifter buffoons. Didn’t they realize their war was over? 
As he dragged the bodies into the woods, he wondered if those trees would keep his secrets. Of course they would. It’s not as if they were partial. Perhaps he wouldn’t burn them after all. Yet it seemed the sound of his gunshots had offended them. It had been a deafening sound indeed. Perhaps he ought to get a quieter weapon. Perhaps not though. It was a powerful sound, the sound of action, and he quite liked it. But as the blasts continued ringing out in his mind, it came to him that this was not simply the sound of action. It was the sound of wrath. And he rather liked that even better.


“We combed the road and the surrounding forests.”
“And?”
“No trace. However, we did follow the road north, and there is a rather large estate it leads to, up in the mountains.”
“Really? People live up there? Why?”
“Couldn’t say. But there is this one thing, though.”
“Yeah?”
“It’s been burnt to the ground. And recently.”
Larissa didn’t understand. “What?”
“Well, missy,” the Captain said. “Looks like Lauren just corroborated a part of your story. Be glad, otherwise we could have charged you with perjury.”
“Oh, go easy,” Lauren said. “She’s just a girl. Her story’s probably hogwash, but obviously something fishy happened here.”
“Yeah, and who’s to say this little girl isn’t the cause of it, hmm?”
“On another note, though, those forest roads are lonely and empty. So why in the blazes did you send Wilbur with me to check it out?”
“Oh please, you enjoy my company! Don’t run from the truth, my pretty little dear.”
“You call me your ‘pretty little dear’ one more time and I’ll introduce your face to the business end of my baton.”
Cold and empty were the two words that came to mind when describing the station, and as the officers argued, Larissa looked on, dumbfounded. “Excuse me,” she said, but the officers didn’t seem to notice. She could feel her palms growing damp with perspiration. “Excuse me.” The Captain browsed through some papers. Lauren cursed with indignation. Wilbur chortled. “Will you tell me what happened!” Larissa shouted.
The officers stopped and stared at Larissa. “What do you mean, ‘what happened?’” Lauren said.
“The house…” Larissa said. “What did you say about it?”
“Oh,” Lauren said. “It was burnt down. All we saw were burnt frames and toppled stonework. Rather odd, really. The place was wrecked.”
“What’s so odd about that?” the Captain asked.
“Well, there was a lot of masonry. It’s not as if a fire could topple a solid stone column. Looked more like a cyclone had torn through the place.”
“Hm. Odd indeed,” the Captain said. “Did you investigate?”
“Insofar as we could,” Wilbur said. “It was growing rather dark, and we couldn’t see much.”
“Where’s Dalton?” the Captain said.
“Oh, he’s still nosing about the ruins of the house,” Wilbur said. “He should be back shortly. Now Lauren, my dearest…”
But Larissa had stopped listening. All she could think about was the image of her home in flames. Her bedroom, the courtyard flush with marigolds, the library, the books, all aflame, a beacon blazing through the night, fueled on her memories and her hopes. And burning pinwheels, spinning amidst the winds of the flames, momentarily, fading into ash soon thereafter.
The people around her mouthed words, talking in some strange language. She couldn’t understand, and she didn’t want to. What was there to understand? She felt as if someone had burnt and charred her heart to a crisp, leaving a desolate void in its place, a barren wasteland that ate up her innards. Soon it would eat away everything, and there would be nothing left of her but a hollow husk of skin and flesh, a dried shell that would wither away with the winds. Either that or it would burst forth from her chest in violence and take her as she struggled, tossing and turning against the force and the fury, all in vain. This was not a force that could be defied. This was a force that consumed, and consumed absolutely.
Yet as the fiery image of her home began to fade, a knot of deep seated dread began to form in the pit of her chest. Ever since she had left, it felt as if she had been walking the course of a dream, a drama of nebulous images and words, floating across her mind, dancing across her fingertips like mischievous fireflies, impossible to catch, and, ultimately, formulating to nothing tangible. Yet after reeling from the impact of the inferno, through the dissipating daze of the flame, she found herself flat on her face, her lips pressed against the cold floor of some place strange. This was not home. There was no home, not anymore. The misty realm of dream and displacement would welcome her any time she wished, and would keep her forever if she desired. Yet it would not protect her from the nightmare of the world her body was bound to, and it would not protect her from the blades of those that hunted her. This place was not home. And this place was not safe.
She shot up and ran. Run, just run. It didn’t matter where to. She just knew she had to run. Her bare feet pressed against the hard floor as she stumbled her way to the exit, or what she thought was the exit. A door confronted her. She stopped and tried to pull it open. It didn’t budge. She struggled, frantically, until she felt hands on her shoulders pull her away.
“Whoa, easy there! Calm down!”
Larissa turned on the person detaining her and flailed out. She felt her nails cut into flesh. There was a squeal, and Larissa found herself flat against the floor once more. She felt a burning sensation begin to course through the side of her face. It stung, and when she tried to touch it, it stung even more.
“You idiot! You just slapped a girl, you fatters!”
“I think she gouged my eyes out, the bloody tart!”
“She scratched you in the face, you bloody coward! Here, dearie, let me help you up.”
Larissa felt someone grab her by the hand. She was led back to the chair, and promptly collapsed into it once again. It was only then that she realized the muscles in her face were contorted strangely, and an unusual squeaking was coming from her throat. She breathed, haltingly, and wiped her eyes. There was nowhere to run. She was going to die. She didn’t care. They could kill her. She probably deserved it anyway. What was there left to do? Nothing. They would kill her. They could kill her. It didn’t matter.
“There there, dearie,” Lauren said. “Come now, it’s not so bad, is it? Wilbur didn’t hurt you so bad, did he? He’s just a fat, nasty fatters, isn’t he?” she said, glancing sharply to the large man nearby.
“She scratched me! She had it coming,” Wilbur said, rubbing his roundish face.
“What are you idiots doing?” the Captain said. “I’m trying to eat here, without you monkeys mucking about, bunch of heathen scum.”
“‘Heathen scum? What are you even talking about?” Lauren said.
“I’m talking about my damn dinner, which should be in my damn belly, right damn now. But here you monkeys are, beating little children and god knows what else, and what am I supposed to do about that, now, I ask you?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Lauren said. “Does it really matter? As if you ever really do anything around here, ever?”
“Oh don’t criticize me! I’m the bloody Captain, I am! I didn’t get here for nothin’, you know!”
“Yeah? Well, I beg to differ,” Lauren said.
“And since when did I give two hoots about what you think, little missy! Bad enough they make me hire a girl, but it just has to be a sassy little…”
“…little what?” Lauren said, her teeth locked. “Go on, finish that sentence why don’t you?”
“Enough. Exactly what happened now?”
“She scratched me!” Wilbur said.
“The girl’s just out of sorts,” Lauren said.
“I think that was obvious upon hearing her wild little story. Assassination and intrigue, oh me oh my, every little girl’s fantasy, isn’t it? I don’t understand why Dalton’s so interested in her. He’s usually a fairly level headed lad, that Dalton. One foot in front of the next, one day after the other, that’s Dalton in a nutshell. Then he has to bring this little… thing to our doorstep. Not even our jurisdiction! North of Northshire we leave to the Dominion Security Forces. Just ship the girl off to them, if her story even has any truth to it.”
“Makes sense to me, Capn’,” Wilbur said. “Course, I would have just let the thing rot where she lay. Who knows what kind of diseases she coulda been carryin’. Dalton’s a damn fool for wasting his time on such a thing.”
“My knights in shining armor,” Lauren muttered.
“I heard that,” the Captain said.
“You know, my father’s great uncle’s cousin was a bonafide Dominion Knight. Inducted with honors and everything.”
“And you are a bonafide fatters,” Lauren said. “Wouldn’t he be proud?”
“Enough!” the Captain shouted, the station growing suddenly silent in response. “I’m going to eat.”
The Captain walked away, brushing his whiskers, while Wilbur sulked off, still rubbing his face. Lauren sat down beside Larissa. “Don’t mind them. They’re idiots. I’m sure you’re just a poor girl in trouble, looking for some money or something to get you by. Aren’t we all? But that’s no cause to go making up these kinds of stories. People around these parts don’t appreciate it, okay? Now here’s a leo,” she said, pressing a coin into her hand. “Go get yourself some food or something, and please, just… go home.” Lauren got up and left.
Larissa stared at the coin in her hand. It was dull metal, perfectly circular, imprinted with all sorts of strange symbols and letters. What an odd thing, this coin; it was the first time she had seen such a thing. She gripped it and hurled it ferociously. It left her hand and hit a wall somewhere. She heard some yammering from the other rooms, but no one came to inspect. A silly coin. Such a worthless thing. She wondered if she could buy back her home with enough of them.
Yet she got up and went in search of it in the direction she had chucked the thing. She probably wouldn’t be able to buy back her home, but maybe she could buy some bread. She was hungry.
As she searched for the coin, she thought about what she would do next. She could die, but she didn’t know how people went about that sort of thing. And short of dying, she would have to do something. Lie out on the street then, perhaps? She might get trampled by a horse, though. That wouldn’t be very pleasant. What else could she do? She could find that coin and buy some bread. But where do people buy bread? She would have to figure it out after finding the coin. She looked around the desks, near the chairs. She had thrown it at a wall, she thought. But which wall? She didn’t even know. This was hopeless. This was stupid. What was she even doing? She wanted to scream, but she knew if she did, she would probably incur the wrath of the Captain. He was eating, of course. Couldn’t disturb his eating. The savage.
Aha! There it was, near the end of the hallway. She walked towards it and picked it up, and moved to put it in her pocket, but realized that she didn’t have any pockets. She regretted very much discarding her dress in the woods. The woods… She couldn’t think about that anymore. She just held the coin in her hand. She would have to keep track of it.
Larissa heard the door open. She turned and saw someone enter. He wore a dusty old bowler cap and a cheap tweed coat. How appropriate.
Dalton glanced around. “Where is everybody?”
“Eating,” Larissa said, nodding.
Dalton twitched. “Idiots. Listen, miss… I don’t know if anybody told you this yet, but your house is burnt down.”
“I know,” Larissa said. She still hadn’t told him her name. And she didn’t intend to.
“I’m real sorry. I investigated as best as I could, but…”
“…But what?”
 “I don’t know,” Dalton said, with a sigh. He sat down. “I don’t know what happened.” 
Larissa merely stared at the floor.
“You have to understand, things like this… they just don’t happened around here,” Dalton said. “Your story, it sounds ridiculous to our ears. I mean, I believe you as best as I can, but…”
“You don’t believe me,” Larissa said.
“No, it’s not that. I mean, obviously something happened here. That house… A lot of it was good masonry, solidly built stuff. It’s not just going to burn down randomly. And it happened not long ago.”
“I was there only a few days ago,” Larissa said, choking, anger creeping into her words.
“I know, I know… I tried to do the best I could. I really did. But I’m telling you, I’m not cut out for this stuff. You’re better off getting some more serious folk involved, like the Dominion Security Forces.”
“Will they believe me?” she asked.
Dalton lowered his gaze. “Probably not. Honestly, I really don’t know what to do here. I’m sorry, but I think you’re just out of luck on this one.”
Murder. Rape. Walk it off. Out of luck – didn’t she know it. “Okay, then I’m going.” She made to leave.
“Wait, where are you going?”
“I don’t know.”
“Hold on, you can stay at my place for a while, if you want.”
“No.”
“You’ll freeze, at least let me get you some clothes or something.”
“You’ve spent enough money on me, thanks.”
“Wait wait. Sit down. Just sit, okay? Let me talk to the Captain. Promise me you won’t run away?”
“Fine,” Larissa said, sitting down once more.
“All right, I’ll be right back.”
This Dalton fellow seemed a bit of an oaf, but at least he was a decent sort of fellow, not like the rest of them. She supposed it was the best she could ask for in her situation. She wanted to leave, to go outside, to just be out in the night air, and not trapped within the walls of the station, but she didn’t have much clothing, and she would catch cold rather quickly. She was beginning to feel a bit woozy as well, a headache starting to encroach upon her clouded mind. If she were to go outside, she would have a hard time getting anywhere. There was nothing for her left to do but wait.
After a few moments, Dalton came back in. “I talked to the Captain. He said you could stay here at the station for a few days, at least while we do some more investigations. We might not have any answers right now, but I’ll do my best, okay?”
She nodded. “Thank you.” She had no words left in her.
“I have a few old contacts that I’m going to try and get in touch with, see if I can get some help, seeing as I’ve sort of reached the limits of my abilities here. It might take me some time, though, so please be patient. There are beds upstairs. There are always officers here, day and night, though the night shift boys usually do nothing more than play cards and sleep.”
Larissa remained silent, only nodding here and there in return.
Dalton tipped his hat and began to walk out. “Oh, I almost forgot,” he said. “I found those books.”
Larissa jumped up and ran towards him.
“They’re pretty filthy. Don’t know how you’re going to read them, but here you go.” He pulled out three books from his pack and handed them to her.
She looked at them and found herself ecstatic. Those were the books! She grabbed them and hugged him. “Oh, thank you! Thank you so much!”
“Oh, uh, nothing, it’s nothing at all. Was just passing by,” he said, flustering. “I’m going to get going then, miss. Goodbye.”
“Goodbye!”
So the man wasn’t so bad after all. The books. The books! Heristo’s books! She flipped open the pages. They were filthied by mud and dirt. They were unreadable. She felt her heart sink. Then there was the blood. She dropped the books at her feet. There would always be the blood.

Chapter 8

The streets of Northshire were well traveled. Townsfolk of all sorts and all ages walked and hobbled across the cobbled pathways. Bakers and butchers, workmen and clerks, men and women, sometimes together, sometimes apart, and even a doctor or a lawyer every once in a while, all traveled the same roads that occupied the spaces between buildings. The clip clop of tired horses pulling carts and carriages was a common sound, always distinctive amidst the mingling sounds of bored individuals talking to each other. Yet for all of their distinctiveness, all of the people seemed very much the same after a while, watching the same road, the same intersection. The people blurred into a singular mass.
That was from afar, though, from out of sight. When viewed up close, however, things changed. What appeared to be a benign, if unremarkable group of people from a distance became something much more deeply unsettling up close. The wrinkles on their faces became apparent. Their eyes bulged out of their sockets, their mustaches and beards gray and wiry, their skin pale and paper thin, as if the blood had been drained from their bodies over the course of years. The women crinkled their noses under the shadow of bonnets, the men pursing their lips under the shadow of their hats. They were like mangy hounds, all looking for a scrap of bread in their own fashion. Yet they all had intent. They all knew where they were going, what they were doing, fixated on their destinations with all their minds’ energy, no matter how short and uncomplicated the path may be.
There was a time in history when people would dress up elaborately, ornamenting themselves with fine cloth and silk, jewels and gold, yet would mask their faces in the tradition of the masked ball, wearing masks representing animals or flowers, myths or legends. These masks would be elaborate or simple, depending upon taste, but, no matter what, they would be individual. They would dance, eat, drink and gossip with each other, all while being oblivious of the identity of the person to either side. Sure, one could tell somewhat by their voice, but at a party of hundreds, and at times thousands, how could one really expect to recall everyone by voice alone?
Yet it was a strange thing, gazing so often at the streets of Northshire. One could almost believe that the people that traveled these streets day after day wore masks as well, yet for all their minor individuality, their masks appeared to be the same. Who made these masks, and where did they come from? Maybe if they took them off every now and again, they would not seem so cold, but with them on, they were nothing less than absolutely frightening, once one could start to see them.
Eventually though, no matter how busy the streets may have been during the day, by nightfall, they would be empty. Well, except for the drunks. Loud as they might be, however, at least they were themselves. Nothing melts a mask as well as liquor, or so it seemed.
“Excuse me miss.” Out of the crowd, a peculiar man had walked out. He was of moderate height, rather straight, and he wore a top hat. There was a strange fear. A flash of vision. A top hat. “Sorry, didn’t mean to startle you. Was just wondering if you were all right?”
 Not the same top hat though. A different one. A much crummier one. “Oh, I’m fine, thank you.”
The man looked at her queerly, then walked off, slowly moving his gaze away.
Larissa sneezed, and wrapped the shawl about her tighter. Dalton insisted she stay indoors, but she couldn’t stay in that station all day; it was suffocating. She had to get out at least for an hour each day. She sat in the streets most days, just watching. Most people thought she was a beggar or a waif. They would look at her strangely, and a few would toss coins at her. She didn’t care – the small change added up over time. But really, she just watched. She had never seen so many people before.
It was hard to understand this world. It made much more sense in books and in discussions, but things were a lot different than she had expected them to be. She would have to learn how things worked here, else she was sure that her luck would run out sooner or later. But she was so tired, and so sick. She stood up and coughed as she began walking back to the station, only across the street. At least they had given her clothes, for that much she was grateful at least, though they treated her with such condescension that she wanted to scream. She never did though, not anymore. It wouldn’t serve any purpose. It would just give them an excuse to condemn her as crazy. It didn’t matter much anyway. Nothing much mattered anymore.
She watched the cobblestones as her feet stepped over them, one by one. They were shoddy stones, and weathered under many years of use and abuse. How many people have stepped on the stones she was standing on now, she wondered? Probably more than she could count. Northshire was an old city, built during the earlier years of the Dominion, of the colonization. But Northshire was practically young compared to the cities of the ancient civilizations. The domain of the Solarian civilization used to span from here through Ionas and more. Larissa loved studying anything involving the Solarians. Their world had been one of beauty, serenity, and peace. The wearied cobblestones passed before her feet. They even had highways, and they would have been paved quite a bit better.
Out of the road stared the face of hag. Larissa stopped, taken aback. The reflection in the puddle in the road stared back out, just as surprised as she. It was bruised, scarred, and pale, like that of a ghost’s. She quickly stepped away. This was not what she looked like. That was not her face in the puddle, but that of an impostor. She couldn’t believe what had become of her. Best not to think about it. Best not to think about anything at all.
Larissa walked through the door of the building, entering into the dark, cold confines of the station. Behind a desk, Wilbur sat eating something disgusting, the fat of his buttocks presumably flowing over the limited space of the seat of the chair. Every few weeks, he would manage to break a chair. He just nibbled on his – whatever it was – and squinted leeringly at Larissa as she passed by, taking the stairs up.
As she reached the second floor, she turned round a few corners down the hallway and found herself in a room. Her room, temporarily. It had a bed, and… not much else. It was one of the rooms the night shift officers used for their naps, though it suited her just fine. She was not feeling all that picky these days. She collapsed on the bed and wrapped the sheets around her. All she ever did was sleep. And what else was there to do, anyway? It was a dead end town, in a dead end part of the country, filled with half dead gray faced people who wanted nothing more than to finish the job and end themselves in as unremarkable and drawn out a manner as possible.
She was in dire need of a book, preferably one involving fairytales. It wasn’t even a matter of enjoyment or leisure. She needed them. She needed something to fill the void, or else it would soon implode, crushing her completely. Larissa had tried to make use of the Northshire library, but she didn’t have a card, and she had no proof of residence, and none of the officers would lend her their cards even though they didn’t even use them, and Dalton didn’t even have one, seeing as he owned the entire Logan T. Walker series and didn’t feel there was much of a point in reading anything else. Gah!
So she simply lay there, trying not to think about anything in particular. No matter how much she tried to keep her mind empty, though, her thoughts drifted towards her dreams. She never remembered them when she woke up, but something later on would, inevitably, trigger her memory. It would only be a faint memory though, like the trail of light left in the wake of a firefly’s journey through the night. You could try catching it, but you would most likely end up with nothing more than air cupped between your hands. That top hat though… She remembered that top hat. Sure, it was just an article of clothing, an object, but within its shadow was buried something… dangerous.
But this was certainly not what she wanted to be thinking about. She would drive herself mad sooner than make any sense of something as intangible and superstitious as this. Her mother always told her not to read so many tales of fantasy lest she become deluded by them. Bah, her mother. At least there was one woman she didn’t have to deal with anymore. She was certainly safe somewhere within the Inner Sanctum, probably sipping fine wine with Keira and her betrothed in a chateau while servants licked their feet, oblivious of what Larissa was going through. Not as if they would care. And why should they? It’s not as if she cared about them. They could do whatever they liked; it didn’t matter much to her. As long as she had a place to sleep and some bread, she was happy. So happy indeed.
Yet again, she found herself in a situation where she just didn’t know what to do with herself. Heristo had always said that the two primary driving forces of man were personal survival and reproduction, but, even in prehistoric times, there would be times when people really just had nothing to do. And what did they do then? They created art, in whatever way they could. Maybe out of a sense of need, but most likely it had more than something to do with just being bored. But Larissa wasn’t an artist. So what was she then? Just a stupid little girl.
A knock at the door. Larissa got up and opened it. “Mr. Dalton,” she said.
“Yeah, uh, miss, is this a bad time?”
“No, not really. What’s going on?”
“Uh, well, I wrote to one of my friends – go way back, knew him for years. He’s working in the Dominion Security Forces now, and he contacted – well, it’s a bit complicated, but the bottom line is there’s someone coming who’d like to hear your story.”
Larissa was silent. “Who?” she said, after a while.
“A certain ‘Lord Cornwell.’”
“A Lord? Really?”
“Well, they hand out Lordships and titles now like the Sunday paper. More like as not he’s just some minor official, but it’s certainly something. And something’s better than nothing, I always say. Actually I don’t, but in this case, I think it holds true. He’s going to have a lot of questions for you. Think you can handle it?”
“Oh, yeah. I can. I’ll be fine.”
“All right, come down when you’re ready, I’ll be waiting.”
A Lord. A real Lord was here. And for her! Finally, someone to listen to her! Someone with sense enough to realize she was telling the truth! Someone educated, and intelligent, and articulate and… noble. Someone noble was here to see her. At last, things were looking up for Larissa. They would get everything sorted out, and she would be able to go some place safe, somewhere with actual food and books and everything that nobility afforded. Finally. Finally!
She got herself together and walked out of the room, her step more noticeably lively than before. As she walked down the stairs, however, she saw several of the officers standing about, all talking and moving about animatedly. She reached the ground floor and was greeted by Dalton.
“Mr. Dalton, what’s going on?” Larissa asked.
“Oh, these characters are just all in a tussle about a Lord coming down to the station. Doesn’t happen every day.  He should be here shortly. Take a seat.”
The officers seemed to be in a relatively good mood today, at least compared to their normal demeanor. It was a bit of a shock, really. But she supposed they would be excited as well. As if anyone of stature or character would ever normally have dealings with such people.
But as the minutes passed away, and as the minutes turned into hours, the animation dwindled. Officers left for their desks, the Captain and Wilbur left to eat, and the only people left in the foyer of the station were Larissa and Dalton.
“Hey, he said he was coming,” Dalton said. “I got a letter saying he was coming today. These official types of people tend to run late on everything, though, so don’t worry.”
Larissa nodded. The Lord probably had Lordlier things to be doing today than listening to a young girl babble on about dark deeds.
“Well, then.” Dalton said.
Larissa turned to him. “Yes, well, then.”
“I will say, after these weeks, you’re much more amicable when you’re fed.”
“Most women are, from what I understand,” Larissa said.
After a pause, Dalton said, “I will say as well, this has certainly been more interesting of a diversion than I first thought it to be.”
“Really? Who would have imagined that.”
“I mean, it’s a real mystery. A real, honest to bones crime caper. Who knows what actually happened? Not me, certainly.”
“Certainly,” Larissa said.
“And probably not you.”
“Probably not.”
“Though it’s possible, I guess,” Dalton said.
“Maybe. Maybe I’m just taking you all for a ride while I empty out the station safes.”
Dalton laughed. “Well if you are, I hate to inform you, but there’s probably not much worth taking in the safes here. Not much worth taking in this town in general, really.”
“Except maybe from the house of a doctor.”
“True, ever so true. Seriously though, what’s your name? I think I’ve earned that at least.”
“It’s a secret.”
“Oh, come on. Not fair. Do I have to go into how much money I spent on you already again? I mean all these weeks of work and wondering and whatnot, and… and…”
Larissa rolled her eyes. “Larissa.”
“Larissa. Well, that’s… anticlimactic.”
“What were you expecting? Maybe my name was Volesia?”
“Hey, hey, hey now. That’s some good writing there, don’t you go badmouthing Logan T. Walker. I’ll have you know that Logan T. Walker is a man of-”
A man opened the door, bursting into the room.
“Whoa there,” Dalton said, standing up. “You Lord Cornwell?”
“Yes, that would be me,” the man said. He was breathing heavily under his cloak and his armor, as if he had sprinted the way there a great distance, though the tethered white horse visible through the open door proved it not to be the case.  “I apologize for my tardiness,” he said, the horse neighing in the background.
“Oh, no problem, at all… Lord,” Dalton said.
“Ah, if only that were true. Could I trouble you for a glass of water?”
Larissa hopped up and went out back to find a pitcher of water. She dug around the offices some until she found something that would do the job. She filled the glass up and walked back toward the entrance way, but stopped a bit early, peeking around the corner. She wanted to get a good look at the man without seeming like she was staring. The man was certainly different than what she had expected. He wore metallic, colorless armor, and a large black cloak that draped his shoulders. He looked probably forty-five, or older, with trim brown hair and cheeks dark with dappled gray stubble. She always imagined Lords to be ferocious, lion-hearted men, and while this particular Lord may not have been quite a lion per se, he would probably fit the bill in a pinch. And a pinch was definitely what she was in at the moment.
She didn’t know how she would be able to relate the story to him without tearing up, though. She hadn’t thought about it directly in what seemed like ages. A sense of dread filled her, knowing she would need to venture back into such dark territories, but she would just have to manage. She walked back to the entrance way and handed the glass to the Lord with a smile and a bow.
“Thank you my dear,” Cornwell said. “And I take it you are the young lady in question?”
“I suppose I would be.”
He took several gulps of water, letting it flow past the lip of the cup and down his lips. He wiped his face with the back of his glove. “Now then, we must get going. Long journey ahead of us.”
Larissa was confused.
“Wait, what?” Dalton said. “What do you mean? Where are we going?”
“We aren’t going anywhere, constable. I’m taking the girl some place safe.”
“The station is plenty safe. Don’t you want to hear her story?”
“I’ve heard enough of it already. Through your letters. It is sufficient. We are aware of what is going on in the region north of Northshire, and I assure you the Dominion Security Forces are taking the appropriate measure to resolve the situation.”
“Well, I’d like to be aware of what’s going on myself, you know. I’ve been at this case for weeks now.”
“Yes, well, constable… I can’t say it’s your place to be demanding anything from a Lord of the Dominion, but the situation involves illegal mining operations. They’ve discovered new veins and there’s quite a bit of trouble in the works for the region as a result. You know the sorts of people involved in illegal mining, the things they are capable of doing. They are crooks and thieves at heart, and murder and abduction is certainly not beyond them. I assure you, Tintown officials have been notified and they are taking appropriate steps.”
“I don’t understand why you need the girl though.”
“Yes, well I really don’t have the time nor the inclination to describe in detail enough for you to understand what is classified information in any case. Suffice it to say, the girl is not as safe here as you might like to think. All I want to do is take her some place that can provide a more reasonable amount of security, again, for reasons I can’t disclose to you.”
“Where?” Dalton said.
Cornwell twitched. He turned to Larissa. “My lady, if you would gather your belongings, we shall depart presently. I’m sure you’ve had enough of life in the county station.”
Larissa nodded and headed back to the bedroom. She didn’t have much, but she grabbed a cheap bag anyway, tossing in the few coins she had, the few clothes she had managed to scrounge up, and of course the Solarian texts. She tied up the bag, wrapped the shawl about her, and made to leave. She was more than happy to finally be rid of Northshire. Sure, she didn’t know where she was going, but it would still a great deal better than living with the officers at the station. Wherever they were going, it would be better than Northshire. Nothing could be worse than this dump of a city, at least.
As she returned to the station entrance, she nodded towards Dalton. “Where’s Lord Cornwell?”
“Waiting outside. Bit testy, that one is.”
“Yes, well, thanks for everything,” Larissa said.
“Oh, don’t mention it. Call me a sucker for a damsel in distress,” Dalton said, winking.
Larissa narrowed her eyes and shook her head. 
As she stepped out of the station entrance, she felt a sense of welcome relief overcome her. So she was finally leaving. A Lord had come for her, a real Lord, and this mess would finally get sorted out once and for all. Things would return to normal. All that had happened was not as it appeared to be. It had just been a misinterpretation, all of it, a misunderstanding. It was just a dream, a bad, bad dream, and the world would return to what it once was, and would remain so forever after.
“My lady,” Lord Cornwell said. “If it pleases you, I believe we should in all haste depart.”
Larissa struggled to find something proper to say, but faltered, settling on “Sure.”
Lord Cornwell mounted the white horse, planting his feet in the stirrups. He reached a hand towards Larissa. She latched onto it and tried not to be startled as he pulled her up behind him. Within a moment, Cornwell had urged the horse on and they were off at a canter.
Larissa tried to steady her breathing. She had never actually ridden a horse before, and the experience was more than a little unnerving. All the movement made her feel a bit sick. She coughed into the crook of her elbow. She hoped she would not lose her lunch before they got to wherever they were going. It would be terribly embarrassing, finally getting the chance to meet a real Dominion Lord in person, only to let go on his cloak moments after.
After several moments of watching the gray-faced men and women of Northshire race by below, Larissa said, “So, Lord Cornwell.” 
“Yes, my lady?” Lord Cornwell said.
“Exactly where are we going now?”
“Oh, let me concern myself with that, won’t you? There’s nothing to worry about now, rest assured… I know this must be difficult for you, truly, but we’ve a good deal of hard riding ahead of us, so, if you please, think on merrier times as we journey forth.”

Chapter 9

They rode for many hours without stopping. The quaint houses and buildings of Northshire, once congested and abundant, grew sparser and sparser until there was nothing left but countryside and open land, and the frightening faces of the townsfolk were nothing more than memories fading out upon the open air. Larissa found that she couldn’t much feel her legs anymore. She felt sore, and sick. Her cough had gotten worse, and the smell of horse seemed to corrode her lungs as she breathed it in, moment after moment, hour after hour.
The empty silence of the countryside, at first peaceful and reassuring, grew eerie and uncertain with the passing of time. It was an exhilarating feeling, being out there, alone with a Dominion Lord, riding out into the lands, but it was strange as well. Where they were going, she still could not say, but it was better than that hovel town of Northshire, she could say that much. Wherever they were headed, it could get no worse, of that she could be certain.
There was little to preoccupy herself with. Time seemed to drag on as if it was weighted and chained to the ground. The landscape was unremarkable, and, after a while, utterly unchanging. If it was not for the straightness of the road they traveled, she would have wondered whether they were going in circles. That was it, though, the roads – they were empty. Perhaps that’s what lent the place such an eerie air. Shouldn’t there be other people on roads in the middle of the day? Wherever they were headed, however, they were the only ones headed there, that was for sure. 
After a time, however, Larissa noticed something in the distance. A strange smear, stretched across the horizon. She wondered whether they were mountains, but no, this was something quite regular and flat. Perhaps hills? A town? She could not be sure.
“Lord Cornwell?” Larissa said.
“Hmm?”
“What’s that on the horizon?” she asked, getting out whatever words she could while continuing to absorb the pulse of the horse’s moving muscles.
Lord Cornwell said something, but she couldn’t quite make it out.
“What was that?”
“The Wall. The Outer Wall.”
“The Outer Wall? What?” Why in god’s name were they going here? She had thought that they had been headed in the opposite direction, to the Inner Wall, towards the capital, where there were more official offices and such. “Why?” she said.
“No time. I’ll explain later.”
The Outer Wall was what separated the Dominion from the rest of the region, stretching from the Northern Mountains all the way across the expanse of the Dominion. It’s what kept the civil people in, and the… others, out. And if they were heading out there, then… well, Larissa suddenly felt unwell.
The horse seemed to be tiring, so Lord Cornwell brought the animal to a slow canter. They moved across the empty road ever more slowly, and though the pace of their travel was far beyond glacial, it did not seem so given their progress, and given the distance left to travel… and she still didn’t even know where they were going. 
“Lord Cornwell?”
“Yes, my lady…” he said.
“Exactly where are we going?”
Lord Cornwell remained silent a moment, then turned his head over his shoulder to Larissa. “My lady, as I said before, you should entrust to me the consequences of such affairs. There’s no reason for you to concern yourself with such troubles. That’s what I’m here for. However, if you promise to cease troubling yourself with such affairs from here on out, I’ll tell you.”
“Fine,” Larissa said.
Lord Cornwell returned his gaze to the road ahead, so all Larissa could see was the back of his head. “We’re going to Fort Kelly.”
Larissa felt her stomach sink. “Fort Kelly? But-”
“My lady,” Lord Cornwell said. “I promised you I would keep you safe, and you just promised me to cease your concerns. I’m afraid I don’t see the point of further worry. Now please, think on happier times and occupy yourself as such till we reach our destination. We still have quite a lengthy travel ahead of us.”
Larissa bit her lip. She wrapped her shawl about her tighter, as she suddenly felt quite cold. Fort Kelly. That was most definitely beyond the Wall. There were four Dominion Forts outside the Outer Wall. They protected the borders of the Dominion, but all sorts of things happened there, and none of them was a place for a young girl like Larissa, that much she knew. And Fort Kelly watched over the border of Wayland of all places. Wayland… god, Wayland! 
“But why?” Larissa said.
Lord Cornwell sighed. “Listen, there’s really nothing to worry about, I promise you. But things are… happening right now in the region, all a matter of due course, I assure you. Really, truly nothing to worry about. But simply as a matter of precaution, I need to take you some place a bit out of the way.”
“But beyond the Wall? Is that really, um, necessary?”
“It is, I assure you. Again, there’s really nothing to worry about.”
Well, she was worrying, worrying quite a bit. But perhaps he was right. He was a Lord after all. Simply a matter of precaution, he had said. Well, that was reassuring, wasn’t it? It was a Dominion Fort after all. Regardless of the stories, it was at least… well, fortified. If there was anywhere she could be safe, it would be inside a Dominion Fort, surely?
She didn’t really know what to make of things anymore. It wasn’t as if she had a real choice in the matter. Lord Cornwell must have gone through all sorts of trouble to find her, and was doing her such a service by helping her, and here she was questioning him at every moment. He obviously knew what he was doing, and there was indeed nothing to worry about.
The hours passed more quickly after that. She thought about the story of the Witch of the North. The Witch was an old hag that lived in a castle atop the mountains. One day, a prince was leading a hunting party through the woods nearby, and the Witch disguised herself as a beautiful young girl, and the Prince fell in love straight away. He led his hunting party in pursuit of her, through the woods, up into the mountains. But one by one, the witch led the men in his hunting party astray, signaling her minions to trap them and carry them away to her castle, until only the Prince was left, alone in the mountains with the Witch. The Witch, cunning creature that she was, kept herself in disguise, as the beautiful girl, leading the Prince on and on until she led him to her castle, at which point she revealed herself to be the hideous, ghastly creature that she really was. The Prince drew his sword in anger, but the minions of the Witch were too many, and overwhelmed him. They trapped him and threw him into the dungeons, a private plaything of the Witch. One by one, the men from the hunting party died in the dungeons, but due to the foul magics of the Witch, the Prince remained healthy, youthful, and alive for years and years, but though his body did not change and his face remained as handsome as ever, his mind decayed. It lost its vigor, its life, until he was nothing more than a shell of a man.
But there came a day when a young peasant girl was traveling through those very same woods to be married to a rich old merchant. Her father had commanded it of her, and though she had cried and cried, she knew she had to obey and marry the merchant, for her family was poor, and they could afford so very little. They needed her to do it for them, and though she had been a peasant, she was beautiful and the merchant had wanted her for himself immediately. But as she traveled through the woods on her way to the merchant, escorted by hired men of the merchant, the Witch saw them from afar. She saw them, saw the girl, and grew jealous of the girl’s beauty. The Prince had gone lifeless and no longer amused her. She wanted a new plaything, and saw it in the peasant girl.
So the Witch returned in the guise of a beautiful woman, and lured the merchant’s men away, one by one, and her minions trapped them when they least expected it, till the girl was left all alone in the woods. Then the Witch appeared once again, but this time in the guise of the Prince that she had captured so long ago. The Witch promised to take the girl away, to bless her family with wealth and fortune, and to marry the girl right then and there, saving her from marrying the merchant. The girl fell in love with the image of the Prince and, elated at the joy of such good fortune, she followed the Witch into her castle. But as she entered, the Witch then revealed herself as she had done before to the Prince. The girl screamed and screamed, trying to run away, but the Witch’s minions took her and threw her into the dungeon, laughing in glee.
The girl was terrified. She felt as if she were the most miserable person in the world. But after days of suffering in the dungeon alone, she felt the presence of another person there with her. She searched through the dungeons and found there, lying on the floor as if dead, the true Prince. But the Prince had lost his mind from enduring the concoctions of the Witch for so many years. After a time, the girl befriended some of the minions, and they stole bits of potions and ingredients for her. She had many ingredients now, stowed away, but she needed to find a recipe for the cure. One night, she managed to sneak out of the dungeons and enter the Witch’s library, where she found the recipe she was looking for. But as she was about to return, the Witch found her, and struck her with her spells. She was furious. The girl thought she was going to die. But just as she hung over the ledge at the top of the tower, about to meet her doom, the Witch screamed out in pain, and crashed to the floor. There stood the Prince, awakened and rejuvenated not by a potion or an elixir, but by the beauty and the love of the girl. He took her hand and they departed that evil castle once and for all. The Prince reclaimed his throne, showered fortune upon the girl’s family, and married the girl in a glorious ceremony, and they lived happily ever after.
Larissa wondered if she would live happily ever after. Lord Cornwell was no prince, certainly, but she was better off than she had been. She was going places. There was still hope for her. She didn’t want much, not really. All she wanted was to live happily ever after. Wasn’t that what everyone wanted?
Larissa blinked and found herself looking into the face of a behemoth. Out across the hills towered the massive stone face of the creature known as the Outer Wall of the Dominion. She had only ever read about it in history and geography books. It had always been written that the Wall was large, but this was no wall… This was a monster. And they were going outside its protection…
After a while, they came upon a reasonably sized town and a series of outposts, surrounded by a formidable wall in and of itself, but a pale imitation of the monstrosity whose shadow it resided within. It was growing dark, and the torches had already been lit along the lesser wall. As the horse slowed and walked towards the gate, and as the dark guardsmen upon the walls looked down at her, the smoky clouds dimming the lands a shade of half-hearted crimson, Larissa had the feeling coil up inside her that she was now going someplace far, far from home, and far, far from any place she could have even imagined. For all she knew, she was headed past the end of the known world.
As Lord Cornwell sauntered the horse up to the gate, he hailed the guards. They stood overlooking the road at the gates, staring down, inspecting, looking for something, but god knew what. Larissa could almost feel their probing eyes gazing out from under the shadow of their helms. It made her feel as if she were naked on the horse, the cloth around her body melting away into nothing. She wrapped the shawl about her and averted her eyes. Maybe if she didn’t look at them, they wouldn’t look at her.
“Hey there! Yeah, you, my good man! Want to get this thing going or what?”
After a while, one of the guardsmen appeared over the top of the gate. “We’ll need to see your papers.”
“Yes, yes, I’ve got everything you need. Open up the gate so we can get this over with.”
“Who’s the girl?” one of the other men said.
“None of your concern.”
“Oh, I believe it is our concern, my good man. You see this here pass? Well, this is our pass, our watch, and by Dominion appointment, we oversee everything that passes through these walls, flies, fish and men alike. So if you’ve got a problem with that, then we’ve got a problem too. And there are only a few different ways we resolve our problems around these parts.”
“That’s fine,” Cornwell said. “That is utterly fine. Just open the god forsaken gate.”
A few of the men disappeared over the top of the gate. After some time, there was a large grinding noise, the sound of cackling and groaning metal, followed by a large clack that rung in Larissa’s ears, and the large gates opened before them. As they creaked open, the space between them widened, gradually revealing probably at least forty men, armored, armed, standing in formation in the pass like a wall of stone, ready to fall upon her at a moment’s notice.
One of the men stepped forward. “Your papers.”
Lord Cornwell produced from his coat a set of folded papers and handed them to the guardsman.
The guardsman unfolded the papers and looked through them for a moment, but after only a moment, his head quickly shot upward towards the Lord. “I’m sorry, sir, I didn’t know.” He quickly folded the papers up and handed them back. “You should have told us. If you had, we wouldn’t have-”
“That’s fine,” Lord Cornwell said, his horse moving forward through the parting soldiers. “We’ve business to attend to…”
“Of course,” the guardsman said. “If there is anything you need-”
“And I’m sure you have too.”
“Er – yes, yes, of course. Close the gates, lower the portcullis, seal the deal up. What are you louts standing around for? Get moving! Now!”
As the horse moved forward in the fortress, Larissa looked back over her shoulder. The men scurried to close the gate, but a few took off their helms and looked back at her. But no, they weren’t looking at her at all. What were they looking at, then?
This fortress was Northgate; she remembered it from her geography lessons. It was one of four gate fortresses across the whole of the Outer Wall, and consequently one of the only four ways of getting into or out of the Dominion. Well, other than by sea, but that was a different story altogether. The fortress housed a large garrison, as well as a military town of sorts. It was strange, though. Aside from various wandering soldiers and guardsmen, the place was strangely quiet and empty, the sound of the horse’s hooves the only noticeable thing disrupting the silence.
“Lord Cornwell?” Larissa said.
“…Yes… yes, my lady, what is it?”
“Why is this place so… empty?”
“It’s not at all empty. There are several thousand Dominion soldiers here… and quite a few civilians as well.”
“Then, why is it so quiet?”
“It’s late in the day. And there’s not exactly all that much to do here at the edge of the Dominion, other than to hold down the fort, so to speak.”
They passed by buildings on either side of them, many of them fortified. “Surely people must go out from time to time,” Larissa said.
“From time to time. This just doesn’t happen to be one of those times, that’s all.” He pulled back on the reins and guided the horse to a large building, dim light pouring out of its windows. He jumped off the horse and held out his hand to Larissa. “Come along now.”
“What are we doing now?”
“We’ll be spending the night here. It’s too late in the day to continue any further.”
Larissa held onto his hand and tried to dismount as gracefully as she could, generally failing miserably. Lord Cornwell looked over his shoulder as she scrambled off, and as she fell, he looked back at her only to find her on the ground. As he helped her up, she dusted herself off and followed him towards the building.
Lord Cornwell opened the door and unveiled a dimly lit scene, the light of the fire in the hearth at the back of the room washing over the chairs and the tables, the bar and the people. A balding man stood behind the bar wiping glasses with a cloth while a few others nursed their drinks seated upon stools. The tables were relatively empty, with a few men here and there muttering to each other in the corners of the room. As they began to notice the newcomers, however, their expressions changed from idle apathy to scrutiny.
Cornwell approached the man with the apron behind the bar. “We’ll be needing a room.”
The innkeep looked up at him, then returned his gaze to the glass in his hand, the dirty cloth with which he wiped doing nothing more than spreading the filth around. “Don’t see many strangers round here these days. What kind of room’ll you be wanting?”
“One with two beds,” Lord Cornwell said.
The innkeep lifted his eyes lazily from the glass towards Larissa, as if he had noticed her for the first time. “You’ll get no questions from me.”
“I said two beds,” Cornwell said. “I mean it.”
“Course, course. Like I said, no questions from me. Yore business is yore business.”
“Just give me a key.”
“Soon as you give me some coin.”
Cornwell took out a fistful of coins from his pouch and dropped them onto the bar.
“That’ll do the trick,” the innkeep said. He dug out a key from one of the numerous pockets on his apron. “Second story, third room on your right… And no questions,” he said with a lazy wink.
Cornwell glared. “Any brandy?”
“What does this look like? A respectable establishment?”
“Fine, whiskey.”
The innkeep wiped his mug.
“Fine, ale.”
“Now you speak my language.” The innkeep took the mug he had been wiping and filled it with a frothy brew from a keg. “Anything for the lady?”
“Um, warm honey milk?” Larissa said.
Cornwell scowled. “You really think this man has any-”
“Warm honey milk, coming up,” the inkeep said drowsily, turning. “Give me a minute to warm it up.”
Cornwell took Larissa by the arm and motioned towards a table in the corner of the room, ale in hand. “…Servile scum…” she thought she heard Cornwell mutter under his breath. He pulled a chair and motioned for Larissa to sit. Flattered, she sat down, Cornwell following suit. He passed his eyes over the room, surveying, sipping the mug, cringing, yet sipping again.
“That innkeep was nice,” Larissa said.
Cornwell turned a sullen glare to Larissa, returning to looking off to the side.
“This place isn’t so bad, I guess,” Larissa said, gripping herself from the sudden chill.
“It’s a plebian watering hole. I’m sorry I had to drag you here, but need dictates it.”
“Oh, I don’t mind. It’s better than that station.”
“Yes, that station… How long did you say you were there in Northshire?”
“I didn’t. I was there at the station for a few weeks. Pretty unsightly place, but better than the streets, I suppose.”
“You spent time on the streets? You poor child.”
“Oh, I managed,” Larissa said.
“I’m sure you must be quite strong of spirit to make it through all of that. It’s safe to say that you can put it behind you now, though, I assure you.”
“Yes, I’m glad. I’m quite grateful, actually. I’d like to thank you for taking me away from there. It was really getting quite… unbearable, I’m afraid.”
“No need to mention it, my lady. Just doing my duty, so to speak.”
“No really, I can’t tell you-”
“Excuse me ,” Cornwell said, leaving his mug and getting up from the table. Larissa looked over to the entrance. A few men stood there, haggard looking, breathing heavily. They wore tattered cloaks and hoods, and from under their folds of clothing, she saw the dull gleam of sword hilts. Cornwell engaged them, and they exited out the front door together.
They must be friends of Lord Cornwell, Larissa thought to herself. Perhaps even sworn men, men-at-arms, come to protect them on their journey. She sighed. Finally, things were looking up. She got up and made for the bar.
“Milk ready?” Larissa asked the innkeep.
“Yeah, just a second,” he said, lifting a small pot from the fire and pouring its contents into a mug. He placed it on the table. “Enjoy. Careful, it’s hot.”
Larissa blew on it, the warmth flowing back into her face. It smelled sweet and soothing. She couldn’t wait to taste it.
“So then,” the innkeep said. “What’s a pretty young girl like yourself doing in these parts.”
“Oh, nothing much,” Larissa said. “Vacationing.”
The innkeep chuckled. “Really? Not too many people vacation in war zones.”
Larissa furrowed her brow. “War zones?”
“Yeah – well, I guess technically it’s not a war. They call it an ‘engagement’ round here, but it’s a war as far as I can tell.”
“With whom?” Larissa asked.
“Valencian rebels, o’course. ‘Insurgents,’ as they say sometimes.”
“But they’re beyond the Wall…”
“Sure thing, but we’re right by close, we are. All sorts of government people been passing through here for more ‘an a year now. But lately, it’s gone quiet. Government says it’s dying down, but I say those bastards have something nasty in store waiting for ‘em. So where you headed, anyway?”
“…Fort Kelly,” Larissa said.
“Fort Kelly? You out of your mind, girl? Where do you think they’re fighting the war from? Those government soldiers out there, sir… They are not people you pick a fight with, even when yore dead drunk and pissin’ yoreself like a pilgrim. Best enjoy that milk there. Last bit o’ civilization you’re like to get if you’re headin’ out into that wilderness.”
Larissa looked into the mug she held with both hands. She sipped the milk. It tasted warm and sweet, but she was left with a strange taste lingering in her mouth; it made her feel ill.
The door burst open, and Larissa felt someone grab her by the shoulder.
“Get your things,” Cornwell said.
Larissa was puzzled. “What?”
“Change of plans, just a little detour, nothing to worry about.”
“But why? I thought you said-”
“Honestly, my lady, just a minor complication. Trivial, really, but we need to depart presently.”
Larissa ran back to the table and grabbed her bag, and no sooner had she done so then Cornwell clamped onto her arm and pulled her hurriedly out of the building. Within a moment, he had untethered his horse and had mounted it. He grabbed Larissa’s arm and pulled her up, signaling the horse into motion before she had even gotten a good hold.
The horse trotted hurriedly down the road, and Larissa held on as best she could. The buildings on either side of her passed by, quicker than before, the lights in the windows seeming to blur, leaving streaks of color lingering in her vision, the thud of hooves booming against her eardrums.
Passing through the silent outpost, Larissa could not quite understand why they were leaving, or where they were going. Something trivial, Cornwell had said, and she was sure that it was… but they were going awfully fast. And then Cornwell pulled back on the reins and brought the horse to a stop.
Before them stood the monstrous Outer Wall, a stone titan construct that had defied the wars and the elements for centuries. Larissa tried looking up, only to feel her neck straining as she attempted to see to the top. A massive gate towered before them, shut, carved and ornamented in the style of the old Imperium. Reliefs of swords, warhorses and holy knights, gilded and glimmering dully under years of wear. Ranks of soldiers, their armor impenetrable and their resolve unwavering, the extension of the will of an empire. And within moments, it all roared to life.
A solemn, thunderous drumbeat of metal and mechanism reverberated through the air. Multiple portcullises raised in succession, the gates on either end of the entry way slowly opening up. Then the gates were silent, and Larissa could see clearly through to the other side, a foreboding wilderness that seemed to beckon, as if it had long been waiting for her. And now that she was finally at the gates, it would relish her coming.
Lord Cornwell spurred the horse into motion and they passed under the shadow of the gate, emerging a long moment later on the other side. No sooner had they passed through than the thunder began to beat once more, this time behind them. 
The road before them did not seem so different than the one they had been traveling upon all day. The landscape around them didn’t seem so dissimilar either, in fact. But there was something… strange about this place – something uncertain and intangible. And as the skies darkened even further, Larissa could already see the hills and the trees transforming into something much more sinister. She hoped that she would be behind a wall again before they completed their metamorphosis.

Chapter 10

The rains went about their business, falling steadily, turning the streets into mirrors. The fine stones of the city floor, wet with sky, caught the lights of the buildings like starlight, radiant, yet muted by the hidden day. The clouds passing overhead were monotone and morose as the light upon filtering through. It was another gloriously drab day in the city by the sea, and it was a perfect day for bitter irony.
Rowan adjusted his hat, the water trickling from the sides of the brim. People passed by, carrying umbrellas, the men shielding their women from the elements. He looked across the street, a carriage passing by across his vision. Even through the rains, the hand-painted sign was unmistakable. Daisy’s Cafe. Of all the cafes, the restaurants, the taverns in the city, he had to pick that one, didn’t he? Even from a distance, Rowan could see the daisies in small pots by the windows, illuminated by the warm glow of the indoors. It was a small joint, a strange thing near the docks district, as if the seamen wandering by would stop in for a crumpet. It was dwarfed by towering buildings on either side, still looking as if it would be swallowed at any second.
Rowan closed his eyes, trying not to see anything but the darkness of his eyelids. He took a breath, letting the moist air cool his lungs. Upon exhaling, he opened his eyes once more to the dreariness and walked onto the street. The sound of his steps echoed in his ears like gunshots. He tried to put it out of mind, but stumbled, nearly falling over. He looked to the floor. He had stepped in a pothole brim with murky liquid. He looked to his shoe; it was wet and muddied. He continued walking.
Upon reaching the other side, he approached the cafe. Two simple tables rested on either side of the door, with accompanying chairs, vacant. Perhaps he wouldn’t mind sitting outside? Rowan peered through the glass portal of the door. The place was empty; the man hadn’t arrived yet. Rowan raised his head, taking another deep breath, then turned the handle of the door. A bell at the top of the door rang dully, and he closed the door behind him. He couldn’t believe it – the place looked exactly the same.
The polished wooden tables lined the left, while a small bar with stools occupied the right. There were home-sewn coverings over the tables, bright, colorful, with candles all across the room. There were flower pots, with plants in full bloom. How they could thrive in such a dim city, Rowan couldn’t understand, but there they were. All across the room, paintings done by local school children were hung from the walls. It was like stepping out of the city and into a dream. How could such a place even exist in Devonport? This was a city of high taste, wasn’t it? Then how could something so low-brow… so crass… so… wonderful, even survive amidst the chaos of the city? Rowan steadied himself. He closed his eyes, and breathed. He could do this. He would be fine. It would all be fine.
“Oh hello, dear!” a voice said, like warm honey. “How are you? Just a table for one?”
Rowan nodded. God. It was the same woman – Daisy. She had frayed blonde hair, fading from age. She wore glasses, and an exuberant hand knitted sweater. She had aged a bit, but… there she was. 
“All right, come on in. Let me take your coat for you,” Daisy said, smiling, leading him towards a table.
“Uh, could I have one in the back, please?” Rowan said, taking off his dripping overcoat and hat.
“Of course! Anything you’d like.”
Rowan took a seat in the back. He straightened his tie and his vest.
“Now then, what can I get for you?” Daisy asked.
Rowan looked down at the menu. It was decorated with images of birds and flowers. He shut menu. “Just some tea, please.”
“Of course,” Daisy said. “With milk or sugar?”
“One sugar,” Rowan said.
“Will that be all?”
“Yes, thank you,” Rowan said.
“Just one moment.” Daisy took the menu in hand and left through the door behind the bar.
Rowan looked at the table in front of him. The table covering seemed more like a quilt. It was embroidered with floral designs and patterns of birds. He pulled his watch out of the pocket of his vest by the chain. Rowan was early. He sighed – just what he needed: more time to be stuck in that place. He got up and walked to the coat rack and pulled a newspaper out of his coat. He returned to the table and unrolled the paper. 

The Devonport Times

The Growing Deficit: The Dominion Reliance on Imperial Loans and Its Effects – The accumulation of national debt, much of it a result of Imperial loans, has been an ongoing issue for…
Parliament Halts Bill to Ease Border Control – The bill was cast out by the Senate. The bill would have eased constraints on passage of Dominion citizens through the Inner Sanctum. Security along the Inner Wall has been elevated for three years. Officials cited continued national security risks as reasoning. The House of Lords had threatened to overthrow the bill were it passed in the Senate…
Galeroth Signs Historic Treaty – Galeroth has signed a treaty allowing greater military cooperation with the Dominion. This will allow Dominion military forces to have greater freedom operating inside of Galeroth…
Valencian Resurgence – For the past seven months, violence in Valencia has been on the decline, but Dominion military officials predict that this is a prelude to a greater offensive by insurgent forces…

Rowan rolled up the paper and squeezed it with his hands, slowly. He put the crumpled paper to the side and placed his hand on his beard. He kept it trim, very thin, but thick enough to cover his cheeks. He liked having a beard, but found that the thicker it would get, the more discomforting it would get as well. He looked out through the windows at the other end of the room. Through the entrance, he could see the rain still coming down onto the city streets. It was so quiet here, and so cold out there. He wondered what it would be like, to own such a place, for years, and keep other people happy for the rest of your life. Rowan’s Cafe. What would that kind of a place be like? But no, he couldn’t own a cafe. Perhaps a pub. Rowan’s Pub. But no, he wasn’t nearly bawdy enough. He wished he was, but he wasn’t.
Daisy entered with a tray. She placed it on the table with a smile. “Let me know if it’s to your liking. Just give me a call if you’d like anything else, I’ll be in the back.” She left.
Rowan stirred the dark tea with the small metal spoon. The cup was small and dainty, painted in pretty, but subdued colors. He let the steam lift up from the cup and onto his face. It felt good upon his skin. He stirred and drank in the aroma.
The bell rang, and the door opened. A man stood in the doorway, shutting his umbrella, an image of the falling rain upon the street at his back. He adjusted his glasses and looked to Rowan.
“Mr. Petrov! Good to see you!” Daisy said, coming out from the kitchen. “Let me take your coat. Won’t you sit down?”
“I’m with him today,” the man said, gesturing towards Rowan.
“Of course, as you like!” Daisy said, smiling. “The usual?”
“Oh, no, not today. Just some tea, thank you.”
“Of course, just a moment.”
The man walked towards Rowan. He was not especially tall, but certainly not short. Underneath his coat, he had a solid frame, and his fierce brown beard erupted from his face. It was thick, and seemed to put Rowan’s beard to shame. The man sat down opposite Rowan, wiping the rain from his face.
“Damn umbrella,” he said. “What I get for being cheap.” He took off his glasses and began wiping them with a handkerchief.
Rowan sipped from his cup. It was still too hot. “Ambassador,” he said.
“Please, Henrik,” he said, shaking Rowan’s hand. “It’s been quite a while, Mr. Williams. I hope you haven’t forgotten me.”
“Of course not, Mr. Petrov, how could I forget a beard like that?” Rowan said. 
Petrov smirked, replacing his glasses. “The pride of the motherland.”
Daisy returned to the table, tray in hand. She placed the teacup in a saucer in front of Petrov.
“Thank you so much, Daisy,” he beamed.
“You’re very welcome,” Daisy said. “I’ll let you boys get about your business. Let me know if you need anything.”
Rowan sipped his tea. It was very good, high quality. He appreciated the warmth running down his throat.
“Such a nice place, don’t you think?” Petrov said.
“Yes, quite,” Rowan said. “Are you a frequenter, Mr. Petrov?”
“Yes,” Petrov said. “One of the few places in this damn city I feel welcome.”
Rowan nodded. “Nobody in the Dominion cares much about Elgonia these days.”
“You’re telling me. This country… But you won’t hear me complaining. Less work for me.” Petrov blew on his tea quietly. He was a queer fellow, a rugged Elgonian playing the part of the aristocrat. Rowan wondered what the man did all day – playing politics with Dominion Lords, no doubt.
“I imagine you’d rather be back in Elgonia by now,” Rowan said.
Petrov nodded slowly. “Yes, I would. I miss the outdoors, the smell of the world… the real world, not this fake world of cities and buildings.”
“So why not resign? Go back, live your life in peace.”
“It is not so easy as that, you know this,” Petrov said. “Besides, that is not what I am here to talk about.”
Rowan sipped his tea. “So what are you here to talk about, Mr. Petrov?”
Petrov looked into his tea, as if searching for answers in the pleasant darkness. He took a long, forceful draught, emptying the cup and returning it to the saucer with a clatter.
Rowan chuckled quietly. “I’d hate to be your opposite in a drinking contest.”
Petrov sighed violently, holding the empty cup with both hands. “It’s about my daughter.”
Rowan closed his eyes. He had feared as much. “Mr. Petrov,” Rowan said, opening his eyes, “we’ve been over this before-”
“I know, I know. But please, hear me out, it’s all I’m asking,” Petrov said. “Please don’t dismiss me.”
Rowan contemplated this man. He was a very likable person, but he looked ravaged, grim, as if he had been enduring some sort of terrible war for the years since Rowan had last seen him. “All right. I’m listening”
Petrov ran his hands across his face. He meditated on the table mat for a moment before starting. “Five years. Five years it’s been since I last saw her. And five years since I last saw you.”
“All that could have been done has been done, I assure you,” Rowan said.
“I know, I know…” Petrov said. “But… that doesn’t mean it’s resolved, Mr. Williams.”
Rowan rested his cheek upon his hand. “Mr. Petrov, I’m sorry for your loss. Truly, I am. But the case has been cold for years. Any trails would be long dead by now. Drudging up the past like this only ever ends in frustration and disappointment.”
Petrov stared into his empty teacup. He looked at it, but his eyes were strangely fixated in a way that made it apparent he was seeing something different. But then he broke his gaze. “Daisy, can I get a refill?” he shouted.
Quickly Daisy came out of the kitchen with a tea kettle in hand. “Yes Mr. Petrov. You and your thirst…” she said, pouring into his cup till it was brim full of dark crystal liquid.
“Thank you Daisy,” Petrov said.
“You’re very welcome, Mr. Petrov.” She left once more.
Petrov sipped daintily from the cup, the steaming hot liquid nearly spilling over the brim. “Such a nice place. And such a nice lady.” He looked to the walls. “Such wonderful art,” he said, looking at the paintings. They were so crude, and simple, but colorful, and vibrant. There were flowers, and families, and children playing in the sunlight. There were students reading books in the libraries, dancing, and birds, and animals – a veritable cornucopia of childish imagery. Indeed, they seemed to radiate their essence into the room. “These children create such beautiful work. So joyful… A simpler life, don’t you agree?”
Rowan thought what more he could say to the man, but upon looking at him again, he saw that Petrov’s face was contorted. The crags and recesses in his hardened face grew. His muscles tightened, and he shivered as he gripped his own arms savagely.
Rowan was startled. “Mr. Petrov, sir… are you all right?”
Petrov shook his head erratically, rocking himself back and forth. “I… I just…” He covered his face with his hands and began breathing in staccato rhythm. He began squealing, trying to stifle himself as best as he could.
Rowan didn’t know what to do. “Mr. Petrov, sir…”
Removing his hand, Petrov revealed his tear stained face. “I was looking through my old things the other day, and I found this.” He took out a wad of paper from his coat and placed it on the table. “Go on, open it.”
With hesitation, Rowan picked up the paper between his two fingers and opened it. It was a child’s drawing, of a fire… of men with rifles, and a bleeding woman jumping from the roof of a building. Rowan put down his tea. He looked at the next drawing. It was of a large, winged lizard, a monstrous beast swallowing what appeared to be an entire world. He turned to the next drawing and saw the brutal image of a nightmarish man in armor, radiating a tangible aura, with teeth bared and stained, standing amidst a pile of bodies, some intact, some… shriveled and bony, drained and… depleted. Even in the erratic scribbles of a child, the image was chilling – in fact, the innocence of the marks made the brutality somehow unspeakable.
“Are all of them like this?” Rowan asked.
Petrov wiped his face with a handkerchief, trying to compose himself. “Not all. At first her drawings were joyful. But after… her mother… they became what you see here. Mr. Williams… no child should have to suffer like this. And no father should have to suffer like this either. I just want to know what happened to her, that’s all. I have… nothing left.”
Rowan stared into his half empty teacup. He swirled the tea around with the small spoon, aimlessly. He knew he was going to regret this. “I’m going on assignment,” he said. “I cannot divert myself from what I’ve been assigned. That being said… I’ll do what I can.”
That seemed to lift a weight off Petrov’s chest. “Thank you, Mr. Williams, that’s all I’m asking.” He breathed more freely. “Now, I must get going. Duties await.”
“That they do,” Rowan said.
Petrov wiped his face and, within a moment, he had resumed his prior demeanor, as if nothing in the world could ever have affected him unduly. He laid a few generous bills on the table, went for his coat and umbrella, and departed into the rain.
Rowan looked at the papers left on the table. There were many drawings, all cryptic and macabre. It figured though, considering what the child had gone through. And to disappear like that… But out of the assorted papers, a photograph fell onto the table. It was an image of the twelve year old Rosaline. What a cute kid. He laid out a bill on the table and moved to leave, but stopped, his eyes resting upon the bills. He picked up a five leo note, suddenly fascinated by the illustrated ornamentation. So much effort had gone into the bills, with cross-work patterns and symbols, all ostensibly in the battle against counterfeiters. But somehow the Imperial symbols, the militant codes and mottos, all seemed to leave him with a distaste not so dissimilar to the effect of the girl’s drawings. He laid the bill back down and went for the coat rack. He placed the papers and the photo inside his overcoat and made to leave.
“Have a nice day Mr. Williams,” Daisy said as Rowan put on his hat. Rowan nodded as Daisy returned to the kitchen. Just as Rowan was about to leave, however, he paused. She had remembered his name. After all those years, she had remembered his name.
He walked back to his table. On it were the few bills. He dug into his pocket and counted out five hundred leos, and placed them on the table as he made to leave in a hurry. The place had been around a long time. And hopefully it would still be there after he died.

Chapter 11

“Take the children and barricade yourselves in the cellar.”
“No. Max is still out there. We have to find him.”
“There’s no time. He’s a smart boy, he’ll hide in the fields.”
“No! He’s your son! We have to find him!”
“Father, what’s going on?”
“Woman, we’re fighting a war here!” her father said. “Stay with the children and the servants. I’m taking the guards out to meet them.”
“What? No!” her mother said, her voice cracking. “Please, Victor, don’t!” she said, gripping him by the shoulders, panic flickering in her eyes. “We can fend them off from the house...”
“And risk harm to you, the children, and the house?” He softened, taking her hand in his. “We have no choice. Their intentions are clear. They’re mounted - if you run, they’ll hunt you down in the fields. We’ll destroy them out there, away from where they can do damage. Stay in the cellar.”
Sera watched as her mother stood in the doorway, his father armed with a gladius turning his back and joining his men waiting in the courtyard. “Mother?” Sera said.
“Ravinian filth,” her mother said, teeth bared. “How much blood must they spill before their thirst is sated?”
Outside, the skies were gray and imperious, and through the door Sera could see the fields of the farmlands blowing in the winds. A sensation of ominous dread tainted the whole household.There had been war with Ravinia once before. There had been wars aplenty, but never at home.
“Sera, take your sister and barricade yourselves in the basement,” her mother said, suddenly animated.
“Mother, where are you going?” Sera said, terrified. “Father said to-”
“I have to find your brother,” her mother said. “I’ll find him and be back soon. Stay with your sister. Don’t let anyone in except for me or your father. The servants will answer to you.” Before Sera could say anything, her mother ran through the door and into the gray dimness of the windswept fields.
The winds had picked up and thrashed the fields her family had worked so hard to cultivate over generations. The shutters blew open and the air gushed into the rooms, sending the doors slamming open in tumultuous rhythm. The ghostly echoes rang in discord as she gripped herself, cold and, for the first time, alone.
At a loss, she lingered in the foyer. What would her father do? Charge out like a cavalier and meet the enemy in a glory worthy of legend, of course, but that didn’t help her... She quickly surveyed the windows. The walls of the house were strong and ought to be defensible. If they blocked the openings, it would at least delay them… for whatever precious few moments that was worth.
Before her, the doors stood wide open, inviting the whole world to step right in. But what if her mother returned? Her mother had made her decision, and so had her brother. It wasn’t about them anymore. It was about her, her sister, and the members of her household remaining. Without any further hesitation, she pulled the front doors forcefully shut and locked them.
The servants stood, at a loss, frozen in place as if they were already dead. She looked at them: all either weak, old, or women. Her father was brave, but… shouldn’t they have defended from the house? She knew her father worried ceaselessly about the artifacts and relics of their ancestral history, as well as the pricelessness of the home itself… but was the past so valuable as to endanger the present?
“Barricade the doors and windows,” Sera said. The servants didn’t move. “Well? What are you waiting for?”
“Ms. Sera… How?”
Sera couldn’t believe what she was hearing - their ineptitude made her furious. “Like this!” she said, slamming the shutters, and dragging a bookcase in front of a window. “Help me!”
Finally her plea broke the spell and the servants ambled about, grabbing furniture and anything at hand and burying the windows with obstructions. As they continued, Sera ran upstairs, down the hall, and opened up her sister’s room. There by the window on a little chair carved specially for her rocked her sister, Margaery, staring off into the distance.
“Something bad is happening, isn’t it?” Margaery said.
Sera nodded, even though her sister’s eyes were focused beyond. “Come on, we’re going to play hide and seek, okay?”
“And I’m not the seeker, am I?” Margaery said, her eyes rich with unspilled tears.
Sera took her sister gently by the hand and led her downstairs. She yelled for some of the older servants and said, “Take Margaery down to the celler and barricade it shut. Open only if I knock twice, knock twice, and knock five times after that, like this.” She knocked on the wall in demonstration.
“Ms. Sera, what about you?” one of the older women asked.
Yes, Sera thought to herself. What about her? “Just take care of my sister.”
With the dread coiling around her stomach and her breathing already growing labored, Sera could stand it no more and ran upstairs to her parents’ bedroom. She approached the doorway and swung open the doors onto the balcony where she stood outside on the second floor, overlooking the courtyard. The ancestral lands of her bloodline stretched out far along the plains and the hills in the distance. The churning gray clouds blotted out the sunlight and cast a pall over the scope of the earth. She could feel her skin crawl as she waited.
As she stood, searching desperately for signs of her loved ones, she thought on the many years she had spent, cloistered away on the isolated farmlands. She had played in those fields with her siblings, and to think, those same playgrounds would play host to something so terrible.
She could see her father now, in memory, striding forth in royal attire, returning from service in the Solarian ranks so long ago. She had thought that after being absent so long, her father could finally return for good and retire. That he could finally play with them...
It never made any sense to her, what they did in the cities and councils. Their decrees and their idols for worship, their mandates and designs ringing so hollow across the years. All she wanted was to stay home with her mother and her father, and take care of her sister and her brother. All she wanted was to be a good daughter. And all she could be now was powerless.
The moments passed away, and with them bled her heart. She knew her father would save them. He had commanded troops so many times before, and had been awarded so many honors. She knew everthing would be okay. But if she was so sure, why did she grip the railing so tightly? Why did her heart race when she saw the dark figures trailing their way straight towards her? Why were there shadowy horsemen, mounted in strange, wicked armor wielding blades? As she looked upon the brown skinned men approaching the house, she could see that behind them they dragged… bodies.
She looked upon the scene unfolding before her in the courtyard, frozen like the others had been not so long ago. She looked and refused to believe. That is, until a dark, ornamented man in brutal armor saw her on the balcony and suddenly grinned as he produced the blood spattered body of her father.
Sera screamed, a primal, throat wrenching screech of a kind of horror she had never before known. She could feel her heart collapse and her body break. She couldn’t breathe. She could only feel her most sacred love and honor die within her body in an instant.
“Little girl!” the grinning man yelled in broken Solarian. “Why so sad? I kill your papa?”
And in another instant she felt her pain turn to hatred. Her face contorted, her muscles burnt, and in that moment she understood the rage that drove people to kill other people.
The man, apparently the leader, grinned like he was a vendor trying to sell her sweets. “Listen girl,” the grinning man shouted to her from the courtyard. “I know you have many precious things in home. I could break into home or burn you out, but I not want to damage precious things. More damage, less money! So let us in little girl and we will spare you and others.”
“Let us in, and we will spare you.”
The doors opened to reveal pillars of flame, burning as the screams and running shadows mingled in the night. The flames, the bodies, and the grinning man, smiling with bloody lips as he took a bite out of the woman’s neck.
The flash of vision passed, and Sera recoiled. “Burn in hell you Ravinian filth! I have thirty armed men waiting for you inside, ready to cut your heart out!”
But the grinning man only laughed, a sound that ignited Sera with a hatred so black she could feel herself being eaten alive. “Okay, little girl,” the man said, motioning to his men. And as they parted, Sera felt her stomach sink, as they revealed her mother and her brother. The grinning man smiled. “What about now?”
At the sight of them, Sera’s heart split. The agony was overwhelming, to see them bound, beaten, her mother tearing at her gag with her teeth. But she knew the blood-drinker would offer them no mercy, and kill them all anyway. Somehow, she had known when her mother had left that it was for the last time. In a brutal motion, her soul already crushed, Sera turned her back and slammed the balcony doors to the sounds of muffled screams.
“Brace yourselves against the barricades!” Sera shouted as she came down. The servants feverishly held against the furniture as the blows quickly began to rain upon the windows outside. As the onslaught commenced, a spear errupted from one of the windows, skewering one of the servants in the chest. Quickly, one after the other, the servants ran.
Amidst the screams, Sera hurried to the wall and saw the glass case holding an ancestral sword passed down her line. With a grunt, she hurled an urn into the case, shattering the glass, and lifted the blade. As she picked it up, she could feel the weight pulling her arms down. With effort, she carried the blade towards the cellar door, knocking in the specified sequence. After a moment of strained noise, the door opened and Sera dove quickly in.
As the stores of food and amphoras of wine were returned against the door, Sera went straight down towards the sobs. She found her sister curled up in a dark corner, dimly lit by a smattering of candles. Putting the blade away, she gripped her sister and held her tight, her own sobs becoming violent as she buried her face in Margaery’s neck.
“Sera, I don’t want to play hide and seek anymore,” Margaery said.
“Me neither,” Sera said, knowing well the nature of the seeker. She kissed her sister on the temple and held her as if her life depended on it.
They waited in silence, the older servants wheezing and crying. That waited in dread for the inevitable. And when the knocks finally did come, they did so with violence. Axeheads split the wood of the door and shattered it into splinters. With animal force, the intruders rammed against the barrier, knocking down amphoras with every charge. The noise of the shattered vessels rang like volcanic explosions down the cellar, the wine-dark liquid pouring down the stairs. Hastily, Sera put out the candles, sword in hand, and waited, silencing the doddering old ones with harshness.
When what was left of the barrier collapsed, they could see dark forms blotting out the light of the entrance. They stood, executioners, drinking in the fear like ambrosia. Finally, step by step, they lowered torches downward. An old man wheezed. A sword was thrust down his throat. The firelight revealed an aged woman, who dropped to her knees in supplication. The man raised his blade and cleaved into her neck, letting loose a spout of dark blood. And as the man made his way past the stacked foods and wines, he placed his torch in a torch holder on the wall and paused to dip his tongue in an amphora and quench his thirst.
With rage, Sera charged, swinging the heavy blade upward, only to hear it clatter to the floor. She felt her throat constrict, the man gripping her brutally by the gullet. And as the burning light of the torch lit the side of his animal face, she could see that the man was indeed smiling.
With insurmountable force, the grinning man forced Sera downward.
“You smart little girl,” the man said. “You know I kill you both way.”
She whimpered as he brought her down to the floor.
“But one thing you not know,” the grinning man said, baring his fangs. “I kill you easy… or I kill you hard.”
She screamed as he forced her open, and cried as his body fell upon her. It took her a moment to realize his body had stopped moving.
As Sera looked up, she saw her father! But as she witnessed the torchlight fall upon him, she remembered that her father was dead. This man was tall and pale, a brutal faced man standing in dull, ravaged armor of the old Solarian Republic. He sheathed his gladius and reached down to pull off the body, effortlessly, as if the monstrous Ravinian weighed nothing at all.
Sera sat trying to right herself, her clothes wet with sickly blood. And as she looked at this Solarian commander, with his men undoubtedly killing more in her home above, she could only manage to ask, “How did you find me?”
The commander stood expressionless as he helped her up. “I could have seen your screams a thousand years away.”

The smell of lavender and spring time washed over her senses, filling her lungs and her chest with a giddy sensation that she had not experienced in a lifetime. She opened her eyes and watched as the curve of her foot breached the bubbly water, the cold air touching her toes, retracting quickly back into the comfort of the warm water. 
The candles at the edge of the bathtub glowed warmly against her eyelids as they slowly closed once again. She wondered how long she had drowsed off. Then again, did it really matter? She giggled. The warm water and the suds felt so good. But just as she felt herself returning to sleep, she heard a knock at the door.
“Miss,” a muffled voice spoke from behind the door.
Larissa submerged herself in the water once more. Maybe if she waited long enough, the woman would go away. But as she emerged from the water, the knocking continued. She sighed, nettled. “Yes?”
“The Lord Cornwell wishes to speak with you.”
“Out in a minute.”
Enjoying the bubbles for a moment more, she forced herself up in a huff and stepped out of the bath.
“What does he want?” Larissa said, opening the door, robed, as she dried out her hair with a towel.
“He did not say, madam.”
“Well, show him in then,” Larissa said, tossing the woman her wet towel.
“Yes madam.”
Larissa fell backwards into her bed, the soft down of the pillows coming up to meet her. The candlelight of the room was so gentle and the burning incense so soothing that if the Lord Cornwell didn’t come soon, she would drift off to sleep once again.
“I take it everything is to your satisfaction?”
Larissa opened her eyes. Lord Cornwell stood before her. The man was awfully quiet when he wanted to be. “Yes, yes, everything’s wonderful. Did you manage to get any marigolds like I asked you?”
“I’m… afraid not, my lady. It’s been quite hectic as of late. I’m afraid I haven’t gotten around to it as of yet.”
“Shame, I should have liked some,” Larissa said, looking at her fingernails.
“Yes, well, I trust everything else these past weeks have at least been better than living in a local police barracks.”
“Oh, certainly. But living in a pig sty would have been better than living in that place.”
“So you say. My lady, I’ve other matters to discuss with you.”
“Then by all means, discuss.”
“Yes, well, this should not be a matter of issue or alarm, but there are a few Dominion agents that would like to clarify some things with you.”
“That’s fine, send them in.”
“Well, they’re not here at the moment.”
“Then send them in when they arrive. If I’m sleeping, however, I’d rather not be disturbed. I can meet them in the morning in that case.”
“I’m afraid they won’t be coming here. We are to meet them at another location.”
“Another location? Where?”
“A small distance out from Fort Kelly-”
“Outside? I’m not going outside. I’m not setting foot outside the fort walls.”
“Well, my lady, I’m afraid we don’t have much choice.” 
“You may not have much choice, but I most certainly do,” Larissa said, turning her back to him as she rolled over on her bed.
“My lady,” Cornwell said, crouching near her bed. “These men are extremely important and they are in dire need of your aid. Your assistance is absolutely critical. You have information that they are in need of.”
Larissa grumbled.
“Please my lady, I shall be with you every step of the way. I promise you, no harm shall come to you whilst I live.”
“Swear it as a Lord?” Larissa said, her voice muffled by the down of a silken pillow.
“On my honor as a Lord of the Dominion, noble born servant of the Empire Everlasting. What say you?”
After a moment, Larissa rolled back and faced Lord Cornwell. “I say, fine. But only if you promise me some marigolds.”
Cornwell smiled. “Then it’s an agreement. Pack your things and dress warmly for travel. I will be waiting outside your room,” he said, making towards the exit.
“Wait, what?” she said, getting up in her bed. “We’re leaving now?”
“Why, yes. Our meeting is soon, we must make good time.”
“Yeah, but I was thinking like in a couple days, or - something…”
But he had already left. Blast it. She didn’t want to get up from bed, let alone go out into the wilderness in the dead of night. It was not as if she was scared. She knew she was safe with Lord Cornwell. But she was tired, and sleepy, and the bed felt so comfy.
She got up though, put on a nice, warm dress and a heavy, embroidered shawl, and threw some books, a mirror and some other things into her pack. Walking out the door, she muttered to herself silently. She would go, but she would not be happy about it.
As she passed through the doorway of her quarters, she found herself in a much more austere hallway, empty, dark. Her shoes pressed against the wooden floor, leading her on, the stone walls glowering at her to either side. Lord Cornwell had prepared a rather nice room for her, she had to admit, but it was merely a speck of softness within the stone beast they called Fort Kelly. The night they had arrived, it had been quite dark, and she had been quite tired, and as such managed to notice little of her surroundings. She merely found herself waking from a nice, comfy bed the next morning, and had asked few questions after that. The guards didn’t generally like her leaving her room, and she had no problem complying with that. Who would want to explore such an otherwise miserable place?
But now, with only a few torches along the hallway interrupting the dark of night, she walked warily. The stone of the walls did not seem pleased by her presence. She felt like a trespasser, a girl who had gotten herself lost, ending up somewhere she didn’t quite belong. Larissa almost turned around to return to the room, but upon seeing that the door behind was shut, she resumed her pace, reaching the end of the hall, descending into the shadow of the staircase below.
Armored guardsmen moved back and forth through the torchlight, the flickering flames reflecting the warm light of interrupted night. She made her way past them, attempting not to draw attention to herself, though it was probably an effort in futility. Some of the soldiers looked at her briefly as they went about their business, while others looked longer, the rims of their liquid, black eyes catching just enough light to cut them out of their shadowy sockets. Some gazed deeply, penetratingly. She wrapped the shawl about her dress more tightly, a sudden chill taking to her chest.
Looking about, Larissa hoped that she was not lost. She thought she had known where she was going, but the ominous corridors were beginning to convince her otherwise. She had spent most of her time in her room… well, all of her time, really. This was the first time she had been out in a while.
But as she wandered through the network of dim hallways, she found herself suddenly alone. The old stones of the walls looked on sightlessly at her, or perhaps at nothing in particular. The cold, oppressive breath of the fortress seemed to fill her lungs. It felt heavy in her chest, weighing down her breathing, displacing any scent she retained of spring with that of cold stone weathering the centuries silently.
A shadow crept over her vision. She turned in shock to see a group of men walking past her. Darkly clad, with darkness smeared over their faces, they traveled, not in file like most soldiers she had seen before, but haphazardly, almost more of a pack, feral beasts of the night, some hooded, some cloaked, some more heavily armored, some less, each with their rifles slung across their backs, seeming more like blades amidst the firelight and the darkness. Not one glanced at her, their piercing eyes focused fixedly forward. And like that, they were gone, leaving Larissa staring out into the darkness, trying to conceive of their dissolution.
She tried to put it out of mind as she spied a soft light coming from a doorway down the hall. She approached it and peaked around the corner, finding herself looking out at one of the courtyards, grateful that she had managed to escape from that stone prison in one piece. There were some practice dummies and targets lined up, with wooden blades lying around in piles. Why men would waste their time with such silly games, she would never know. Why not spend time studying instead, reading a good book?
“My lady,” Cornwell said, approaching her from the side, slowly.
“All right, my Lord Cornwell, shall we depart then?”
“Yes. I’ve a horse waiting near the gate, come along.”
They walked out under the dim moonlight, the skies clouded with a certain intangible smokiness that colored the night a muted shade of lifeless purple. It was not the moonlight of romance, but of stark, imperfect reality… a reality that she wanted no part of.
She had never seen the main gate of the fort. They had entered through a side entrance that night so seemingly long ago, and so they use another such passageway to make their exit. Cornwell led her through some foliage and unlocked the barred gate, the metal hinges creaking slightly, making Larissa cringe. They passed into the darkness, and after a few long moments of blindness, she found herself led down a stairwell, and then they were outside once more, the door behind them closed, blending once more into the rest of the wall.
Cornwell untethered his white horse, mounted it, and pulled Larissa up behind him. She hated that part. And now she would have to deal with that vile horse stench. It was a fairly well groomed horse, no doubt, but the stench was always there, no matter how clean the beast may be.
The horse cantered gingerly down the rocky hillsides, passing through the thick foliage cautiously. Looking over her shoulder, she saw the fortress begin to quickly disappear amidst the trees and the landscape. She wondered how they had even managed to find it in the first place.
“So then,” Larissa said.
“So then indeed,” Lord Cornwell replied.
“So now where are we off to, journeying forth in the middle of the night?”
“Oh, a ways north of here. The Dominion agents will be waiting for us in a clearing. It will probably be a while.”
“That’s okay,” Larissa said. “Not as if I have anything better to do.”
The trees were relatively thick, dry and unwelcoming. They were in Wayland now, and this was not a land of plenty. It used to be inhabited much more significantly in the past, even relatively recently, but there had been a war, if she remembered correctly. She forgot between whom, but it was bad enough to leave the place pretty desolate. And pretty desolate it seems to have remained…
“Lord Cornwell?” Larissa said.
“Yes my lady?”
“I saw some creepy men back at the fort. They were really quiet, and dressed all dark. Who were there?”
“Rifles? Painted skin?”
“Yeah.”
“They’re Special Forces. Irregulars. Part of the Dominion asymmetric warfare division. Not men you want to encounter in the dead of night. Well, not men you really want to encounter at all, honestly.”
“It looked like they were headed somewhere.”
“Probably headed south, towards Valencia.”
“Why though? I thought Valencia had been annexed by the Dominion?”
 Lord Cornwell stifled a chuckle. “For a young, well born girl, you certainly have an interest in affairs that oughtn’t concern you. But that country has been in strife on and off for centuries, and it’s recently begun to swell up once again. The fighting’s starting to get rather bad, from what I hear. Certainly not the time to be vacationing there, that much is for certain.”
“People vaction there?”
“Inner Dominion nobles, mostly. It’s a beautiful country, not terribly far, and a hint of danger makes the land that much more alluring to those that can afford protection.”
“I’d like to go some day.”
“My lady, it shall be a while yet till we reach our destination. Feel free to rest your eyes, if you’d like. We shan’t be moving very quickly – Wayland is a harsh master, and we must travel with care, lest we displease it.”
“All right, Lord Cornwell.”
But Larissa couldn’t sleep, not out there, in the wilderness, in the middle of the night, on horseback. There was a certain spookiness to the air that made her feel uneasy. This was not country to close one’s eyes while passing through. Indeed, she had the feeling that this was country to keep one’s eyes wide open and alert. But as the night passed on, and as she felt the cool air upon her face, she found herself thinking of Valencian knights in splendor, galloping across the fields on their graceful horses, the sun spilling across their flowing cloaks, their flowing manes, the darkness giving way to light.
And when she opened her eyes, the light remained, though the warmth had given way to a chill, with a distinct hint of a harshness she had not quite experienced before. There was white. No, it was snow. Well, white snow, in piles and in sheets, here and there, the dried grass peeking through in clumps. Pine trees surrounded her, and off in the distance she could make out the beginnings of an early morning sun lighting up the sky with a cold illumination.
Through the trees she could see a small clearing, half covered in snow. The horse came to a halt, and Lord Cornwell dismounted.
“Come, my lady, we have arrived.”
With Cornwell’s help, she dismounted as well, landing on the ground as well as she could.
“Where are we?” Larissa asked, as she walked with Lord Cornwell towards the clearing.
“North,” he replied.
“How far did we travel?” she said, yawning.
“Quite a ways. I had to drive the steed faster than I would have liked to make time. I hope I didn’t wake you during the course of the journey.”
“Oh, no, nothing to worry about.” Larissa said. The man was kind. “So about these men. What should I say to them?”
“Just answer their questions truthfully and honestly, to the best of your ability. You can do no more, and no one can reasonably expect any more than that. You are doing a great thing here, my lady. Your aid will prove invaluable in clearing this region of the disease that so infects it.”
“I will do my best,” Larissa said.
“Do you promise?”
“I promise.” This was the least she could do, after all.
It was a strange place, quiet, and aside from some stones and dead grass, the clearing was quite empty, though the trees stood quite close, here and there. They must have gotten quite far north for there to be snow in the summer time. Larissa didn’t give it much thought, though. It got quite cold back at home even in the summer – they were so far north, so close to the mountains. No wonder no one lived to the north - it was always so cold, so bitter, so… unwelcoming. And ever so drab and colorless at that.
“So when are they coming?” Larissa asked as they stopped in the clearing.
“They should be here shortly, my lady.”
Larissa sat down on a rock. “Well, the sooner we can get this over with, the sooner we can get out of this wilderness. I think I’m going to need another bath after this.”
“Not to worry, my lady. They should be here shortly.”
Larissa pondered her fingernails. They had gotten scratched somehow. She would need to file them again once they got back. Well, she supposed she should have brought a file with her. In any case, it would have to wait.
“So Lord Cornwell,” Larissa said.
“Yes my lady?” he replied, looking off to the side.
“I never really asked you about yourself.”
Cornwell turned. “Well, there’s not much to ask about, I’m afraid.”
“Sure there is. Like, where do you hail from?”
“Oh, here and there. Can’t say I really hail from anywhere in particular. Where do you hail from?”
Larissa laughed halfheartedly. “Well, nowhere. The middle of nowhere, to be precise.”
“I can’t say I give much weight to one’s place of origin. Doesn’t quite mean much in the long run, I find.”
“Sure it does,” Larissa said. “Where you come from gives a general idea about all sorts of things.”
“And like what, exactly?”
“Well, culture, religion, and all that…”
Cornwell snorted.
“You disapprove?” Larissa asked.
“Of what? Culture? Religion, and all that?”
“Well, I was just asking-”
“What? Exactly what were you asking, then?”
“Why, well, nothing, really. Sorry I asked.”
Larissa stared at her hands in silence.
“I’m sorry my lady, I’ve just been under a great deal of stress as of late. Many things going on in the world today demanding my attention.”
“Understandable,” Larissa said, nodding. She looked out at the trees. “So what do you like to do in your free time?”
“What free time?” Cornwell said, chuckling dryly.
“Oh, come on, you must like to do something in your time off.”
“Fucking whores.”
Larissa turned, and felt her chest erupt in a torrential terror strong and sudden enough to rip her innards to shreds. Her spine lashed out, uncoiling, her muscles screaming, urging her joints into action. But as her body shot forward, her feet scrambling to cover as much ground as her legs would allow, she felt herself crumple, her chest locking up under the force of a vice.
“He likes to fuck whores in his free time.”
Larissa gasped, trying to breathe, the fear coiling up like a snake in her throat, suffocating her as if she were its prey, soon to devoured.
“Only ones with big juicy tits, though. He doesn’t like the small mounds. Only big and juicy will do for a Lord. Pays extra if they squirt.”
But then it loosened, ever so slightly, yet it was enough for her voice to slither through the opening, erupting forth in a black howl that she could not even contemplate controlling.
“My god! Shut her up!”
“Sweet mother, my ear drums!”
There was nothing she could do to control herself. Her arms flailed out wildly, her voice cracking as she inhaled and forced out every bit of discord she was capable of producing.
“Shut her up, for god’s sake!”
“What the hell am I supposed to do?”
“I don’t know! Hit her or something.”
“Hit her? I’m not hitting her. You hit her!”
“What do I look like, a savage?”
“You’re the one who suggested it!”
She felt her face explode, the pain radiating through her flesh and into her skull. All functioning stopped. All thought stopped. Only silence, prolonged.
“Good god man.”
“She all right?”
The cold ground pressed up against her face. Her body lay, uncoiled, thunderstruck, waiting to be consumed.
“Check her.”
“Little lady. You all right…? Looks like she’s unconscious.”
“Well, I’m not carrying her.”
“Fuck you, Bel. Hey, Mr. Lordy Lords. Was that really necessary? You gonna say something? You just knocked the brains out of our little lady here.”
Silence. “…It was long overdue.”
Foggy images passed across her vision, images of men, of women, of fire, children, burning in flames. Screams, blades, soldiers… screams. A man pulling out a blade from a body in disgust. The man, donning a mask to hide from the shame.
And as her vision cleared, she saw looking down upon her the face of a demon. It was gold, contorted, with strange, flowing patterns, carvings, symbols. It was mesmerizing. She tried screaming, but all that came out was a groan.
“She’s alive,”
“Hassad, get her up. Prop her against the rock.”
“Here little lady, have some water.”
“She’d be better off if you poured some of it over her face.”
“Yeah, probably. Gonna be one hell of a shiner.” 
She winced, the shock of cold igniting her nerves. She opened her eyes again. Two demons, darkly clad, and one man. No, three demons, after all…
“Hey, little lady. Do you hear me? Can you get up?”
“Enough, leave her. You two are late.”
“Yeah, well, you’ll have to forgive us. Not like trekking through hostile wilderness on foot and on short notice ever presents any delays to people of class.”
“Hassad-”
“Should’ve brought horses, then – wouldn’t that have been smart.”
“Fuck you, Cornwell. If you had any idea what we had to go through to get here while you sat on your fat ass fucking whores at a prim Dominion fort-”
“Hassad, enough. Now then, let’s get this sorry affair over with. We can take her from here. You’re relieved of your duties, Lord Cornwell.”
“Yes, relieved, quite. But there is the matter of reimbursement.”
“Reimbursement?”
“Yes. You see, while I was baby sitting our fine ‘little lady,’ I was away from other matters, and it has cost me quite a bit in losses.”
“Losses? You slimy fuck-”
“Hassad. Silence. Here, this should be more than enough to cover expenses and… losses. You are free to depart.”
“Praise be to the gods…” After a while, the sound of hoof beats trailed away in the distance.
“Why did you pay him?”
“We don’t have time to waste. Now quit questioning me and get this girl on her feet.”
She felt her body ascend, but through no will of her own.
“Little lady, seriously, stand up.”
She breathed shallowly, and planted her feet as best she could. Her head spun, but after a while, the scenery settled, the trees returning to the ground, the ground remaining steady in her eyes.
“Better. See? That wasn’t so hard, now was it?”
She turned to the voice. A starkly clad figure, armored in strange metals and leathers, a dark cloak draped over his shoulders, a hood enshrouding his head, and a hideous golden mask appearing from within its shadow. She winced, her own face contorting under the force of the visage.
“Oh, come on. Don’t cry. I’m not that ugly.”
“Of course you are. Why do you think he wears that mask?”
“And pray tell, mighty Belarius the mighty-mighty, why dost ye wear such a mask your great and mighty self?”
“Too comely. World can’t handle it. Let’s get going, we don’t have time.”
She felt herself moving forward, though her legs weren’t receiving any commands that she was aware of. Yet they moved regardless.
“Dammit, come on. No reason to cry. We’re not going to hurt you, I swear… Come on, what’s wrong?”
“She’s just been abducted by two heavily armed, masked, hooded men, and you’re asking her what’s wrong? You do realize that you’re one of those masked, hooded men?”
“Yeah, Bel, and guess what? You’re the other.”
“I’m well aware.”
“Seriously Bel, what the hell are we doing?”
“Same thing we’ve always done – whatever we’ve needed to.”
“God dammit Bel! She’s a fucking teenage girl. What the hell use is she to anybody?”
“Well, Hassad, I don’t know if you realize this, but men like to stick themselves in things, and age isn’t really-”
“You know what I mean!”
“Yes, and you know the answer. It’s not our job to ask questions. We’re Hunters. We go forth, and we hunt.”
“…Yeah, well… I didn’t sign up for this shit.”
“You knew damn well what you were getting into when you took on that mask. This is what happens when you pledge yourself to a cause. Sometimes you just have to do what’s required of you, no matter how… questionable.”
The woods encroached on them from either side. She could no longer see much farther than a small way into the distance. She was in the heart of the wilderness, and now more than ever, she knew there was no going back.
She didn’t think. There was nothing to think about. The dream was dead, and the nightmare was real. And when living a nightmare, there was nothing more one could do other than pretend away one’s own existence.
“Man, that Cornwell. One cold customer…” Hassad said.
“I’ve nothing to say about him.”
“Well I do. That fucking, pompous, brute of a-”
“Enough. He is what he is.”
“Which is a fuck.”
“Perhaps. But he does his job, he serves his purpose. His temperament and his… ethics notwithstanding-”
“Notwithstanding? I think they’re very withstanding! You know, we wouldn’t even be in this situation if fucking Salazar didn’t fuck the whole fucking thing up.”
“Perhaps you ought to tone down the language a bit? I mean…” Belarius gestured towards her.
“Yeah, sorry little lady. I’m just pissed. I’m sure you understand.”
“I’m sure she understands. You being her abductor, she being the abductee.”
“Fucking Salazar – sorry – that… Salazar. He’s such a bloody drama queen.”
“He has a propensity for theatrics, certainly, I won’t argue that. But he always gets the job done.”
“Well, not always, apparently. I mean, how does he kidnap the wrong girl?”
“A mistake, of course. We all make them, in case you haven’t noticed.”
“Yeah, but he’s a Hunter! For god’s sake, he’s a fu- a, a… a Hunter!”
“I will say, Hassad, all these years of working together, it’s only now that I realize the true breadth of your vocabulary and sophistication.”
“Fuck you – sorry. Godammit! Man, when I see Salazar-”
“When you see Salazar, you will treat him with the same respect that you treat all your brethren.”
“…Man, this is one big… muck up.”
“Nice substitution.”
“Yeah, well muck you! And why don’t you go muck yourself in the mucking mass while you’re at it?”
Belarius laughed. It was a strange, unearthly sound, ringing underneath the metal of the mask. And yet it was oddly reassuring. He must have seen her looking at him, though, as he turned to face her as they walked.
“So then, Miss Wagner, have you recovered?”
Larissa was silent.
“Perhaps you can tell us,” Belarius said, “exactly why are we after you?”
“Because you’re worth a dragon’s dick in gold. Ain’ tha’ right?”
“Muck.”
He was a greasy little creature, with hollow cheeks and an oily comb over, thick furs covering his clothes, gold chains weighing down his neck. He spat, twirling the point of his knife around the tip of his finger as several large men, several feet taller than him, appeared behind him from the shadow of the trees.
“Minko,” Belarius said.
“Tha’s right. Good ol’ Minko, right on cue. How does he do it?” he said, exposing his rotting teeth.
“Minko,” Belarius said. “You were paid. Your men were paid. Everyone was paid. What do you want?”
“Oh, this isn’ about any payment. No, this is just a… business proposition.”
“Listen,” Hassad said, “normally we’d love to have a nice little chat with our favorite little Minko any day of the week. But right now, we have to make rendezvous. So if you don’t mind…”
“Well, I have to say that I kind of do mind. You see, whether you realize this or not, that little pretty you have with you has a bounty the size of a, a…”
“…dragon’s dick?” Hassad said.
“Dammit you costumed goon! Don’t interrupt me! In any case, it’s a big fuckin’ bounty. Enough so I can retire and have my prick sucked dry till I die.”
“Damn it Minko, why do you have to put this kind of imagery in my head?” Hassad said.
“But seeing as I’m a generous sort of man, I’m willing to split it with you goons… 70-30, of course, finder’s fee and all that.”
“But… we’re the ones who found her,” Hassad said.
“And I found you,” Minko said, licking his knife. “Finder’s fee.”
“So generous of you,” Belarius said, “but she comes with us.”
“Well then…” Minko said, picking his tooth with his knife. “That’s gonna be a problem.” He snapped his fingers, and the men behind him drew their weapons.
“Get out of here!” Belarius said, drawing his blade.
“Come on,” Hassad said, grabbing Larissa. As they rushed away, Larissa looked over her shoulder to see a shock of blood erupting as the golden demon pulled out his blade from the chest of one of the men.
Hassad gripped Larissa’s arm tightly, leading them away from the noise of blood in the forest. In his other hand, he held his own blade, drawn silently and instinctively. Larissa knew that if he wanted to, he could have slain her without even arousing so much as a sideways glance from her.
“Where are we going?” she asked as she stumbled along.
“Ye gods, she speaks! Where are we going? Good question,” he said, wading through the forest branches, patches of snow giving way under the pressure of his militant boots.
“Won’t they kill him?” Larissa asked. There had been many men waiting for them there.
“Don’t worry about Bel,” Hassad said, half chuckling. “Those goons-” He ducked quickly as an axe embedded itself in the tree behind, where his skull had been just a moment before. A large, bald, bull of a man ripped the axe out of the trunk with such force that the entirety of the tree trembled in the weapon’s passing, bits of bark going everywhere.
The bull roared and swung his axe overhead. Hassad, on the ground, rolled to the side, the axehead burying itself in the ground nearby. He whipped out his sword, and with a vicious motion of his arm, carved into the bull like a hunk of meat. Bloodied, the bull charged forward, mauling into Hassad, the force of his shoulder knocking him to the ground. Within a moment, the bull was on top of Hassad, his thick hands bearing down on his neck.
Hassad lay struggling, his sword knocked to the side. He grasped at the massive trunk of the man’s arm, bearing down on him, and Larissa watched as Hassad’s movements began to slow. The bull was bleeding, but he was crazed, a deep madness set upon his eyes. The pulsing veins in his arm trembled with force, the dark hairs on his arm trickling drops of blood here and there.
Larissa watched, and was at a loss. She stood, looking as Hassad struggled. She wondered if he even had a face under that mask. No, his face was his mask, and he would die as such. His body would rot there, his armor would decay, and his face would be lost forever.
Or not.
She scrambled over to the blade lying in the dirt and tossed it towards the struggling figures. Hassad grasped the hilt with his hand and, with a flash and a flurry, the bull collapsed, red scarlet pouring forth to mingle with the mud and the snow. After a moment, Hassad heaved, rolling the beast of a man onto the ground beside him.
“Fucking… mother…” Hassad said, attempting to stand, grasping his neck. “Little… lady… You are one… awesome… little lady.” He paused, catching his breath, rasping. “We need to… oh fuck.”
Out from the trees charged three men. Hassad brought forth his blade and began to circle them, shouting, “Run!”
Larissa ran. She turned and made her way through the thick forest, pine needles skittering everywhere as her shoes hit the ground, one after the other. The sky was pale white overhead, the overcast light forming around the boughs of the pines as they swayed back and forth with the winds. She was cold. She was sweating. She panted fiercely, praying that she would not trip and fall. She didn’t know where she was going. Her pack slung across her back bounced back and forth, her shawl flowing behind in her wake. But she could feel her veins coursing, her blood pumping to the point of pain. She felt dizzy, lightheaded. And then she was on the ground. And as she turned over, she saw the bearded face of a monster looking down upon her. She tried getting up, but his boot pressed down upon her chest, forcing her back down. She squeaked in pain as he pressed down harder and harder. She tried to look away as the man lowered his head to hers.
“Look at me,” he said, as he gripped her mouth with his scarred hand, forcing her head to turn. His face was scored with marks, both by blades and by time. His eyes were harsh and remorseless, as if nothing he did could ever weigh down upon his heart. “Do you have any idea what you’re worth?” he said, his hot, rotten breath passing through his yellowed, crooked teeth, and onto Larissa’s face.
She attempted to scream, but his hand clenching her mouth left it only a quiet, unremarkable muffle.
As he ground his knee into her chest, he drew a knife and pressed it against her neck, releasing her mouth, but forcing her to look upwards lest she press the flesh of her neck too far onto the edge of the blade. Tears welled up in her eyes, from pain, from fear, and her throat quivered. She could not even scream.
He lowered his head even further and whispered, “Do you know how long it’s been since I’ve had a proper whore?”
She could hear the pitch of her voice shoot up, the life from her body draining. She wanted to die, to push her neck onto the blade so nearby, but no matter how much she tried, she couldn’t bring herself to do it. It was as if she no longer had any control over herself anymore. What had she come to? She wanted to die.
But as he felt him begin to grasp at her, she found herself whispering coarsely, “Where… where do you hail from?”
The man scowled. “What?”
She coughed, trying to find her voice. “Where do you hail from?”
The man stared at her, as if she had just offered him a cocktail. “What’s it a business a’ yours?”
“Nothing. No business. Just curious, that’s all.”
“You shut up. Scream if you like, but it’ll do you no good, you hear?”
“Fine then,” she said, looking towards the sky. “I won’t scream.”
The man looked as if she had just insulted him. “I said you can scream if you like!”
Larissa screamed. “Happy?”
The man struck her brutally across the face. “Don’t you dare talk back to me. You understand? You’re gonna take what I’m gonna give you, and you’re gonna scream while I give it to you. You hear? And then I’m gonna drag you out and claim the bounty for myself. And you’re gonna like it. You understand?”
“Oh, I understand.”
He struck her once again. “I said don’t talk back to me, you fucking whore! I will make you pay for that, you fucking-”
Larissa blinked and the man was gone. Her face was wet, and so was her chest. She wiped her brow to find that it was drenched in blood.
“Well ‘ello there, pretty.” The face of a rat appeared above her. “Good help, so hard to find. Get her up. Is it really so hard to follow goon-stupid instructions? I mean, am I righ’? I said, am I righ’?” Several men muttered their assent.
Larissa found herself hoisted up, surrounded by several men, and Minko. One of them had an extremely bloody mace. She looked to the side and saw the bearded man, his head half caved in. She felt her stomach lurch and vomited onto the ground.
“Oh, come on. Like you never seen a guy’s head smashed in before,” Minko said. “Now then, shackle her up, and let’s get going. My prick is begging to be dry. Hey-”
Larissa was gone. She was running. She didn’t know where. Vomit clung to her lips, the taste still fresh in her mouth. She didn’t look back; there was no point. She could hear the labored breathing behind her, the shouting. But she paid it no mind. The trees passed by on either side, the forest blurring into nothingness. The ground was nothing. There was only the sky beyond, the wind in her soul, and the life flowing through her veins. She felt this even as she plummeted downward into the abyss.



Thank you for reading.

The story continues with Sifter: Part 2, which you can pick up at the same place you purchased this installment. You can also purchase the story in its complete form as an ebook or in print.

If you liked what you read, then you may also be interested in Mitul Mistry’s visionary epic, Blood For Culture. It follows the mercenary Gideon Greythorne as he embarks on an epic fantasy adventure to save the world – only his adventure is being written by Joseph Anderson, a college dropout who packs boxes in the suburbs. A work equal parts literary, imaginative, and satirical, Blood For Culture is two novels layered into one. It is also available at your distributor of choice where you can read a free sample.

For more, you can visit the author’s website at MitulMistry.com/writing. You can find his blog at MitulMistry.com/blog and follow him on Twitter @mmystic

Thank you for supporting the author and, once again, thank you for reading!
