




Lillyans
by Oliver Letz
Copyright 2012 Oliver Letz
Smashwords Edititon






Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.





For Edith
Without you I would not see nor hear nor talk … and definitely, I would not write.









Acknowledgements

Lillyans was inspired by the question what a society would look like that was entirely based on the Teachings of Abraham (www.abraham-hicks.com) and the quirky Abrahamster cartoons of Lilly Fluger (www.lillyarts.com) which are based on its wisdom.  I would like to express my deepest appreciation for the tireless effort these sages make to bring the eternal light of wisdom to those of us ready to hear it.








Chapter 1: A New Adventure




“Good morning,” said a soft female voice, “it is four a.m., today is Friday, April twenty-one, twenty-three sixteen - - good morning, it is...” John Taylor cancelled the alarm clock before it was able to repeat the announcement. 
“I heard you the first time,” he grumbled with a sleep drunken voice. 
Switching on the lights he afforded himself the luxury of a few more moments in the cozy warmth of his bed, basking in the building anticipation of the days to come. 
Adventure! What an exhilarating thought, the journey he had been preparing for so long would finally begin. Taylor swung his legs out into the morning chill. April could still have a bite in the air this time of day. With his feet he reached for the thin rug that covered the bare steel floor of his living quarters. The old shipping container, which he had converted into his home some time ago, allowed him the convenience to live right at the airport next to his airplanes, hangars and repair shops. 
Taylor had barely pulled a T-shirt over his head when the door to his container flew wide open with a huge racket and a six-feet tall figure dressed in black combat gear stormed into the room. 
“I thought you would never get out of bed. You’ll sleep through the best part of the day. Come on. Hurry up. We are all ready to go!” 
“Cody! Are you mad? It is pitch-black night outside. We are not going to leave until hours from now. Sit down and have a bite to eat. Did you go to sleep at all last night?” Taylor tried to keep his friend Cody Hunt from ruining his morning rituals. 
“Sure,” replied Hunt, “I went to bed right after you left my place.”
“Oh, three hours of solid sleep, no wonder you are so perky and loud.” Taylor rolled his eyes and put on the coffee. He was not going to skip the most important meal of the day and he definitely needed some more time to wake up. 
“Are you all packed?” Hunt wanted to know. 
Taylor nodded to a small backpack that leaned against the wall next to the door. “A few T-shirts, underwear, a reel of fishing line, and a flash light. I hope you remembered to pack lightly.”
Hunt flashed him a big grin. “I only take what I am carrying right now.” 
“OK,” Taylor hesitated, “Just make sure you stay downwind from me after the third day of the trip.”
Hunt roared out in laughter, “I do have a change of clothes or two here in my waist pack. These old special-ops combat suits have neat little features built in.”
Coffee started to sputter into the pot and Taylor sat down at the small dining table offering day-old bread and some cheese to his friend. The hot coffee worked its magic to get Taylor’s brain into gear. 
“You said, ‘We are all ready to go,’” Taylor asked Hunt, “Where are our two tourists anyway?” 
“I was just trying to get you out of bed for good. I haven’t seen them yet. Farmer seems to be all right, geeky but all right,” Hunt mused about their travel companions. “He’s gonna come in handy should we really find something useful. I don’t know about Spade yet, she tries to be all mysterious and secretive. Maybe someone just wants her out of the way for a few days. Anyway, she carries the Safe Passage Certificates, so there is no way around taking her along. I’ll make sure to keep her off your back,” he reassured Taylor. 
“Right, you do that, you have yet to earn your keep on this trip,” Taylor teased. 
The two men sat silently for a moment enjoying the simple meal and hot coffee. 
*  *  *
Two weeks earlier John Taylor had been granted another opportunity to present his request to the Council, a loosely organized governing body for the Irving Sector. The camps and forts within a fifty-mile radius around Red River Airport acknowledged the Council as the authority on trade, science and security. All the major influences in public life had their representatives at the infrequent and quite informal meetings. Harry ‘Dawg-Ears’, one of the Marshalls of the Rockwall Security Gang had invited Taylor, “Just come over to the Airport Motel Friday night ‘round eight, we’ll hear you out. ‘Ts gonna be fun.” 
When Taylor opened the door to the old ballroom at the motel he could hear a heated discussion about the cost and efficiency of garbage collection and transport, which was always a favorite subject for everyone to get warmed up and reacquainted. There was much hollering and laughing and poking fun at each other. Harry spotted Taylor at the door and shouted across the room, “Get over here Taylor. I’ll shut them up so you can have your say.” With that he stood up and let out a loud high pitched whistle which got him the attention of the Council long enough to motion everyone to settle down a bit.
“Most of you know our friend John Taylor” Dawg-Ears barked, “but for the few new faces, he is our resident chief pilot and a whizz with a wrench when it comes to getting airplanes back into the air. He would like to present his pet project, which we regrettably had to reject a few times in the past because of security and resource concerns. Times have changed though, so I wish him more luck for his quest today. John, my friend, they are all yours.”
Taylor stood up and cleared his throat. He was a bit hesitant to petition a large crowd of people on his own behalf but this was his chance and he was not going to miss it.
“Good evening,” Taylor addressed the Council, “thank you for giving me your time to present a request that is very dear to my heart. My name is John Taylor. Many of you know me as we had various business dealings over the years, but I also see a number of new delegates in the room tonight. It’s been a while since I last made my case so I will take the opportunity and start from the beginning if you all don’t mind.”
There were grunts and murmur of agreement from all around, so Taylor continued, “About two years ago we got a shipment of a few small airplanes from our friends in acquisition that were in questionable state of repair. We still thought they could be brought back into flying condition so I started to search the Central Library for technical data on the planes and for any registry or logbook information I could find. While I was knee deep in old records dating back more than fifty years, I stumbled across a few unrelated news files that grabbed my attention.”
“I saw reports of people who had traveled from up north and crossed the presumably deserted mountain regions of Sector XXI. They referred to the area by its old name, the Ozark Mountains of Arkansas. As far as I know that area had been evacuated and abandoned in the early stages of the war over two hundred years ago just like many other sparsely populated areas that were too difficult to secure against raiders or to provide with energy and supplies. Right in the middle of this assumed no-man’s land they came across a small population of people who seemed completely unaware of and uninvolved with the war. Now, it is not unheard of that there are pockets of outsiders camping out in the woods to get away from trouble for a while but these people seemed to have been there isolated ever since shortly after the war had started.”
Taylor was getting more comfortable and animated as he got deeper into the matter that had occupied his mind for the last few years. 
“What really grabbed my attention were the media files that were linked to the news stories. I saw stillholos and holovids that showed healthy and laughing folks going about mostly agricultural or artistic activities. Many of them worked in the fields bringing in crops or tending to live stock. Close-ups of plants and fruit showed healthy vegetation and rich yields. I could not detect any genetic degeneration or defects in either plants or animals.” 
“I guess I don’t have to stress the difficulty we are having in getting our farming and food supply ramped up. Decades of ruthless exploitation and abusive genetic experiments have left the DNA pool of our native and cultural vegetation and of our live stock depleted and in need of replenishment.”
Taylor paused for effect before he made an effort to drive his point home. 
“I believe that we can find much needed healthy and unaltered DNA in Sector XXI which we can use to revitalize our own growing efforts. I want to go to the Ozark and have a look for myself. All I am asking for is a full tank of gas for my airplane and maybe two or three weeks of Safe Passage Certificates. I’ll be happy to answer any question you might have,” Taylor finished his short speech.
There was a short moment of silence before whispering and murmurs started all over the room, as several delegates seemed interested to learn more.
“How do you intend to bring back DNA if you happen to find something there?” It was a good sign that Paul Meyers, the Rep from the research labs started to ask practical questions. 
Taylor was prepared for this, “Well, since you asked Paul, I was hoping to borrow a hand-held DNA scanner from your lab if you don’t mind.”
“No way,” Meyers replied, “these things are tricky to operate, very expensive and hard to come by. Our lab covers the area from the Red River down to half the Hill Country and we only have three scanners in working order. If you want a scanner you will have to take along one of my boys to make sure you bring back something useful. You will need the help of an expert anyway to select samples and get a good spread of data. One of my associates, Tim Farmer, would certainly jump at the chance to get out of here for a while, he’s bright and a good kid.” 
As much as Taylor disliked the idea to bring along passengers on this trip, the fact that they were discussing specifics gave him hope for his cause, and Meyers had a point about the sample selection and correct operation of the scanner.
“How do you know that the reports and images were not fabrications for propaganda?” one of the delegates asked.
“I don’t really, but the reports seemed too unrelated and infrequent to have any propaganda benefit and the images and holovids were not clean and polished enough to be the works of the generals. We all remember their handiwork and it just did not seem to fit in with that.” Taylor knew that he was banking on his reputation for having his head screwed on the right way but for right now this was all he had. 
“Did you get in contact with any of the eyewitnesses from back then?” the questions started to come from all over the assembly.
“I did track down registration data from a few of the names mentioned in the reports but all of them seemed to have vanished shortly after they had published their stories,” Taylor replied, “I could not find any data trace even from a few years later.”
“How much do we know about the security status in Sector XXI?” the thin voice of self-proclaimed intelligence officer Mark Shiner pierced through the upcoming murmur. 
Harry ‘Dawg-Ears’ burst out in laughter. “Wouldn’t this be your expertise, Mr. Intelligence?” he teased. It was quite apparent that he did not have much confidence in Shiner’s capabilities. 
“Yes, it would,” Shiner hissed back, “but the thing is that Sector XXI is so far off any priority chart that even my office has practically no knowledge about its status.” 
“I’m afraid,” he continued with a wicked smile, “I can only give my blessing for your little camping trip if you take one of my junior officers along. We need every bit of intelligence we can gather if there really is a population present in the mountains. We know nothing about them so we need a trained resource on site to assess any possible security threat especially if you happen to bring back genetic data.”
Taylor’s head was spinning. He did not want to seem like a petulant child but the idea of carrying another passenger, especially one who he would consider a spy did not sit well with him at all. 
“My plane can only carry a very limited payload,” he started to complain when Harry tugged on his arm and whispered, “What are you doing Taylor? You did realize that there were to be some stipulations tied to this deal, right? They are almost ready to give you a green light. Shut up and let me handle this.”
He got up from his chair and commanded silence with a loud grunt, “I think we’ve heard enough. The seize fire seems stable enough that we can do without a few resources for some time. I’d say we let Taylor try his luck. Maybe there’s a better future in it for all of us. Who’s with me?” Cheering and whistling of agreement filled the room, so Harry continued, “John, you take Farmer and the junior spy with you, put them to work and it will not be a waste. Shiner will issue the passports to his officer. You know where to get your fuel and supplies. Don’t make me look like a fool. Good luck!”
That was it. No more words were necessary. The noise level in the assembly rose dramatically as everyone started discussing various matters at the same time. 
Taylor turned to Harry and grabbed his arm, “Thank you, you won’t regret this.” 
Later that night Cody Hunt held his sides from laughing. He was a simple character, at least if one judged him by his live-out-loud antics and his direct and uninhibited reactions to his surroundings. 
“The Council finally lost their minds!” he blurted out when Taylor told him the outcome of his latest petition. “You are really going on this trip, aren’t you? I bet you just made up all of this to get out of this rat infested hellhole on the Council’s dime, and who can blame you? You are a genius, John, no two ways about it.” He slapped Taylor on the back, almost knocking him over. 
“You gonna have to take me too,” he insisted, “No way I’ll let you go on this adventure alone. Who’s gonna watch your back if your ‘specialists’ turn on you or on each other. I’m coming with you.” It was clear that he would not take ‘no’ for an answer. 
*  *  *
The airport laid quietly and deserted when John Taylor opened the door to his living container and stepped out into the early morning dusk. The air was still but heavy with humidity covering asphalt and grass with glittering dew. Red River Airport was the one remaining intact runway of what was once one of the busiest airports in the country, Dallas/Forth Worth International. Air traffic was very light on most days. Other than a few transport planes there was not much activity on the field since the supply of any kind of gasoline let alone aviation gas was scarce. 
A small flight service office, which managed the airport with a handful of people, providing basic conveniences to the pilots and airplane crews. Weather information, availability of fuel and supplies and of course the latest gossip from around town could be obtained by stopping by the reception desk in the office lobby. Even though there was not much going on during the night the office was usually staffed around the clock. 
Taylor strolled across the parking ramp to the administration buildings. The pilot’s lounge was empty but behind the only desk in the office he could see the familiar figure of Mary Pearson. Her good natured humor and her genuine efforts to make life for visiting and local pilots as uncomplicated as possible had earned her the title ‘Mother of Red River’ and many regular visitors called her half jokingly but affectionately ‘Ma’. Mary was in her early sixties and had seen the worst of the war. She had lost two sons a long time ago in unexplained plane crashes so she treated the flight crews as her own children. 
“Good morning Ma,” Taylor greeted her when he entered the office. “Any chance to get current weather information to the northeast of here?”
“John, come in,” Mary’s face lighted up, “can I get you a cup of coffee?”
“Well, thank you, why not,” Taylor replied. “It might be a few days until I get an earnest brew again. How about that weather?”
Mary put a large cup of black steaming coffee on the counter in front of Taylor. 
“I pulled up the weather thirty minutes ago. I knew you would show up before your trip to Sector XXI. It looks good from what I see, should be smooth sailing.”
Taylor studied the map prints that Mary had laid out in front of him. Northern Texas and Arkansas were almost completely free of cloud cover, winds were light all the way up to fifteen thousand feet and the extended forecast promised a fairly stable weather pattern for at least the next two weeks. Of course one never knows about weather development when entering higher elevations and mountainous terrain but for all he could see right then, they had ideal weather conditions ahead of them. 
“Well, Ma, it seems that we are on,” Taylor said slowly. It just now began to really sink in that his big adventure was about to start. “Wish me luck,” he added with a big smile. 
“You be careful out there, you hear me?” Mary was in her maternal element. She reached behind her desk and pulled out a small paper bag. 
“I was able to get a box of nutrition bars at the auction last night. I know you like these. You never know when you might need something extra to eat.”
Taylor leaned over the counter and kissed Mary on the cheek. “You are the best! I’ll bring you back something nice,” he said winking at her before he took the bag and walked back out into the night. 
There was the faintest idea of a silver lining on the eastern horizon. Taylor’s wristwatch showed ten minutes after five. ‘It’s still going to be a good hour before we have enough light to get going,’ he thought to himself. He didn’t like the idea much to be flying into the rising sun for the most part of the first leg of their trip, but there was no getting around the fact that they were going east in the morning. He had planned to follow the old Interstate 30 as far as it was still recognizable and then head northeast until his fuel was down to half the tanks. 
With four passengers and little luggage his plane should be good for about nine hundred miles at a low cruise speed. Taking into account that they would probably have to start from rough surface for their return flight, Taylor was planning to fly about four hundred miles each way to have enough fuel reserve for unexpected circumstances. This would put them back on the ground in the early afternoon, so they would still have plenty of daylight to assess the situation and start their hike into the mountains. 
Arriving back at his container Taylor heard a Jeep engine approaching from the main gate. He was glad that his passengers at least had the courtesy to be on time so he would not have to rush his final briefing and loading of the plane. The ancient vehicle made its way through the night and stopped a short distance from where Taylor was waiting. Cody Hunt stuck his head through the door and walked over to Taylor to greet their travel companions. 
As the Jeep came to a halt Tim Farmer jumped out of the driver’s seat and rushed around the car to open the passenger door. He actually had to pull out a wrench to accomplish this. Obviously he was not accustomed to carrying female passengers who frowned upon the idea of having to crawl out of a car window. 
“Sorry, Ma’am,” he apologized to Helen Spade who made her exit in a perfectly pressed Khaki suit and safari hat. It seemed there were some perks involved in being employed at the intelligence agency. Taylor stabbed his elbow into Hunt’s rib cage. He knew that a laughing outburst was his friend’s most likely reaction to the unexpected display of fashion style. He was not in the mood to start the trip with bad blood between the two of them.
“Good morning,” Taylor started, “did you two get a good night’s sleep?” 
“I was so excited, I could hardly sleep at all,” Farmer replied eagerly. He was the proverbial kid before a road trip. 
“Very cute,” Spade snapped at him,” Would you care to help me with my luggage?”
“I hope you remembered to pack lightly,” Taylor’s eyes almost popped out of his head when he saw the five feet tall trunk that Farmer pulled out of the car. 
“I just have a duffle bag and a small case for the scanner,” Farmer replied, “This is hers.” 
“What the...,” Cody started without a thought. 
“Keep your pants on boys,” Spade laughed, “I had to rent out my pad for the time of the trip. This is everything I own. Can I store this somewhere around here until we get back? This here is my luggage,” she added pointing at a small Khaki colored backpack. 
“Sorry,” Cody mumbled into the giggles that came from Spade and Taylor. 
“Sure, no problem,” Taylor agreed, “put it in my house, it’ll be locked and airport security is also watching out for it.”
Farmer hauled Spade’s trunk into Taylor’s living container. 
“That coffee smells mighty fine, sir,” he said with his broad Texan accent. “Mind if I have a cup?”
“Go right ahead. Want some coffee too, Helen? Just don’t take too long. We’ll start loading the plane in a minute here.” Taylor was all business now. 
“Since we are all here, let’s recap a few ground rules so we can all get along,” Taylor seized the opportunity for briefing his crew. “We will be in unfamiliar terrain. We do not know if we have to deal with any hostility. I do not expect major complications but we have to be vigilant and keep our eyes and ears open. If we come across strangers, I will be the only one who addresses them. Ms. Spade this goes especially for you. You are here to observe and to gather intelligence. You are not to engage anyone we meet on your own. We will take it slow, learn first what the situation is and then I will decide how to proceed. I want to be very clear about this before we get going. Everybody understand?” 
Taylor looked everyone into the eyes to make sure he was taken seriously. Only Hunt had a half disguised grin on his face. He was very aware of the importance this trip had for Taylor but he still found the intensity and unfamiliar seriousness of his friend amusing. Taylor winked at Hunt to signal him that he was not the only one finding himself in uncharted waters. He got his nods of agreement from everyone even though the defiant look on Spade’s face was not too reassuring. There wasn’t much he could do about his travel companion’s loyalties so he just made a mental note to keep an eye on her and turned his attention to the business at hand. 
Parked behind his living quarters was Taylor’s single engine high wing bush plane that he had used to haul supplies to camps in Alaska and Canada for many years. It was a sturdy little aircraft in camouflage paint with big tires and ample ground clearance to make starting and landing from unimproved sites a breeze. The plane had been converted from cargo duty to accommodate passengers for this trip. The four of them and their gear would put them slightly above maximum gross weight with full tanks but since Taylor knew he would take off with the tanks only at half for the flight back he was confident that they were safe to fly. 
It was time to get the plane ready. Taylor and Hunt pulled back the cover, unfastened the wheel chocks and packed both items neatly into the cargo compartment. Taylor always got excited when he heard the fuel truck making its way across the parking ramp. Joe, the factotum of Red River Airport, sat in the driver seat with an unlit cheap cigar between his teeth. 
“N’mornig,” he mumbled between his half closed lips. “I hear you get a fill on the Council’s tab? Fine with me, fine with me.” 
He started to unwind the fuel hose and climbed up the foot peg on the right wing strut. He fumbled with the fuel caps and struggled to get them open. Putting the filler spout into the fuel tank he gestured to Taylor, “Would you mind firing up the pump, son?” Taylor walked over and flipped the switch as he had done so many times before. 
“Tell you what, son,” Joe said with a big smile while the fuel was flowing into the tanks, “you bring me back some nice cow and I’ll make sure your tanks will never be dry. Man, I could use a good steak!” Taylor laughed and turned around to shut off the fuel pump. It seemed that he and his adventure were the talk of the town. 
When the fuel truck had left, Taylor opened the engine cowl and started with the preflight inspection of his airplane. He had rebuilt and repaired this motor more often than he cared to remember. Often it had come down to begging, borrowing or stealing parts to get it back together, but whatever he had to do to keep that engine running, it never had betrayed him in mid flight. He knew he could always depend on it to get him safely back on the ground. 
Flight controls, brakes, instruments and electric systems all checked out in his tests. It was a quarter after six and everything was progressing smoothly. Taylor had planned to get airborne by the first morning sunlight and he was well within his schedule. He walked back over to his living container to check one more time that all the lights were off and to close the metal shutters over the windows. He noticed that Farmer had placed Helen Spade’s trunk in a corner of the living room. 
“It’s going to be five hours until you’ll get another chance, so who needs a bathroom? Now is the time.” Taylor announced to his travel mates. Like good little soldiers they lined up in front of the bathroom door to take turns. 
He walked back outside to load their luggage, still pleasantly surprised that everyone had had followed his request to pack lightly. The cargo compartment was still half empty which suited him just fine. With Hunt and himself in the front seats and Farmer and Spade in the back they should have almost ideal weight distribution according to his quick mental calculations. He had to pack parachutes for each of them. Even in times like these there were some regulations and as this was still considered a non-civilian flight into unknown territory, certain military customs needed to be followed. At the same time this allowed him to disregard almost every other rule that civilian flights have to contend with. He had it in writing in his passports that he was allowed to go wherever he pleased once he had left a one hundred mile radius around Red River Airport and kept a general northeastern heading. 
One by one the others came out of the container and joined Taylor at the airplane. Cody Hunt was the last one out and locked the steel door with an old-fashioned pad lock. He turned around to see if anyone was watching him and quickly hid the key under a rock with the imprint ‘Beware of rattlesnakes!’.
“Very high security!” Helen Spade teased him. “Should I start worrying about my stuff now or right before we get back?”
“Be my guest and try to pick up the key,” Cody challenged her back, “rattlesnakes are very predictable and like to hide under the same rock day after day if you leave them alone. Still wanna try?” 
Spade huffed at him and turned around to hear what Taylor was telling them about safety procedures. 
“We are all going to wear parachutes for the length of the flights,” he started, “this has nothing to do with my flying skills or the capabilities of the aircraft. It is just standard requirement for military flight rules.”
He took the first chute out of the plane and showed them how to put it on securely and where to pull to deploy it. 
“If we get into a midair collision with another plane, which is highly unlikely, me and Cody will open the doors and make sure your seat belts are unbuckled. After that you are on your own. Jump, count to three and then pull the D-ring, nothing to it. You are not going to need it unless you complain during the flight and we have to throw you out. So, suit up and get into the plane. It looks as if the sun is just about to come up. Time to fly! Good luck to all of us.” 
They each put on the parachutes and climbed into their assigned seats. The big cargo doors made entry and exit of Taylor’s plane very comfortable. Hunt was in the right seat next to Taylor and already had the checklist out to go through the startup procedure. Both of them were flipping switches, checking gauges and twiddling with this and that. 
“Put on the headphones and switch on the noise canceling. If you want to talk just push the button on the cable. Better yet, don’t talk,” Taylor advised. “Everyone ready?” He pushed the talk button on the radio control, “Four-Six-Charlie-Alpha, Taylor, Mary we are ready to leave. Any activity in the area?” 
There was a soft crackle and then the voice of Mary Pearson, “Negative, you are the only soul flying this early in the morning. The runway is all yours. Good luck, John!”
“Thanks Ma,” Taylor answered, “roger that, only one nut job flying at this hour. I’ll be back in a few days, keep the coffee on. Taylor out.” 
Taylor had never gotten over the butterflies in his stomach every time he started an aircraft engine. If he would not have felt that anticipation, he might have given up flying all together a long time before, but it was still there and fresh just like the first time he had flown solo what seemed a life time ago. He made sure one more time that the fuel selector was in its correct position and pressed the start button. It took only a second or two of turning over the engine for it to come to life and sing its powerful song that would propel them into the air. He released the breaks and the plane slowly moved off its parking position. 
The sun in the East started to paint the sky with red and orange brush strokes. The stars slowly dimmed out of sight for the day. No matter how bleak times had been in the past, this sight early in the morning behind the wheel of an airplane just about to make the leap into its natural element never failed to give John Taylor a sense of hope and of life prevailing and treating him well after all.  
He taxied to the South end of the runway checking once again if the flight controls had the right feel to them, his hands remembering more than his conscious mind. At the end of the taxi way he stopped the aircraft applied the parking breaks and pushed the power control lever all the way forward. The engine sputtered just a little before it gained speed all the way to its maximum RPM setting. Satisfied with what he read on the gauges and what he heard and felt in his seat Taylor pulled back power and released the breaks. He taxied onto the runway, turned around to see if everything was all right with his passengers and then applied full power to the engine. He set the propeller control to maximum efficiency and the little plane started to race down the asphalt strip rapidly gaining speed. 




Chapter  2: War, What War?




<Time Warp> 

The twenty-first century with its vast technological and scientific advancements was just about to be called history. The era of the Millennium with its great spiritual teachers had come and gone. The United States had seen the rise and fall of its first ethnic and its first female President, which to nobody’s great surprise did not change anything in the way the country was lead and managed. Power was still the magic potion and once the election campaigns had been put to bed and the oaths were yesterday’s news, business as usual resumed no matter who had the last say in the matter. 
Information technology made strides way beyond the comprehension of its casual and unsuspecting users. It took but half of a century until it became obvious that the web that had been spun around the world with its border transcending subversiveness would start to eat itself like the snake that bites its own tail rather sooner than later.
One brightly lit black day in modern man’s history an e-mail message was delivered to a twelve year old girl in Salt Lake City, Utah with parts of grandma’s birthday wishes jumbled beyond recognition with the innocently looking signature line, “Message sanitized by CensServer2866DC. Contact DHS for more information.” The first censor servers had gone online without as much as a footnote in the news media. Spying on its own citizens by all levels of government and corporations was so common place and all encompassing that this latest step to employ machines to do the dark deed was not expected to rattle anyone’s cage. By then privacy protection groups had been driven so far into obscurity that they had almost no way of even communicating with each other and so their voice was only heard by a handful idealists clinging onto a humanist dream in the shadows of society. 
The scope of power and repression that could be asserted by an inventive government seemed endless. The opportunity for near total control of the masses through the power of influence was too enticing to be passed over. Television programming and commercials, Internet search engines and advertising, all print media and alternative information channels and networks, on-line and off-line gaming and entertainment were being monitored and manipulated by a handful of super rich dotcom cartels. They had prepared the groundwork in college dorm rooms and garage corporations long before the technology was ready to be deployed. Computer code had lain dormant for years, waiting quietly for when the time was ripe. Once network capacities and penetration into the social fabric had reached a critical mass the programs self-activated and gave their creators unlimited access to and control over every communication and information channel from the security and comfort of their offshore kingdoms. They were America’s kingmakers of the day, but this one time someone had gone too far. 
A twelve-year-old girl was outraged. Suzie Truman cried, screamed and threw herself onto her bed and pounded the pillows. She then stood up, walked over to her computer and forwarded that e-mail to every address in her book with a note,
“Hi, look what they’ve done (below). I’ve had it. I am going offline ... NOW. See ya, Suzie.”
With that she unplugged the network cable and ripped out the wireless antenna from the back of her personal computer. That was it. A simple act of courage born out of rage, life giving rage to shake off the shackles of information slavery. She then took out the battery of her tiny cell phone, dropped it into the proper recycle bin and casually slipped the phone into the trashcan. She was not to be reached by means of electronic communication again. 
Only minutes after the message was sent Suzie’s e-mail server inbox was filled to capacity by answers and concerned inquiries from friends and family. E-mails started to be returned to the senders, “Message could not be delivered. This is a permanent error...” People were trying to contend with this unexpected situation. Little Suzie’s outcry was discussed in Internet forums and blog websites gaining her the inevitable air of heroism along the way. Her classmates were the first ones who contemplated to follow their friend’s example. In an act of civic defiance twenty-four girls got together in the school gymnasium and disabled their own computer’s networking facilities. They did not remain the only ones for very long. 
An anonymous computer network specialist in Utah’s DHS (Department of Homeland Security) data center later recalled the scene in the traffic monitoring station, “It was like the lights would go out one by one and there was nothing we could do about it. It was a chaotic situation and there was a sense of panic in the room. We just knew that this was the beginning of something that we would be unable to stop.” 
On the other, not quite so official end of networking reality, Samuel Stone sat hunched over his computer pad for long hours these days. He was chief of data mining for the Ripdotcom cartel operating out of an inconspicuous unmarked warehouse on the South side of Miami, Florida. Sam was famous amongst data hackers for his ingenious ways to maximize and utilize the precious information that his department extracted out of the never ending and steadily multiplying data streams. He had intercepted the reports flying back and forth between Salt Lake City and Washington, D.C. about their little Girl Scout Revolution. He also had managed to latch on to the flood of e-mails that had originated with that ominous censored message. There was no end in sight for the attention that this insignificant little note was getting. 
Two weeks earlier he had to report to what was now called Rip Island in the Caribbean. One of the top Ripdotcom lieutenants wanted his opinion first hand about the federal government’s plan to take the censor servers online. Sam had been involved in the programming of some high level threat-definition routines for the censors but he was never convinced that they would do an adequate job of filtering relevant content out of a great volume of communication. The intuition that a good intelligence operative brought to the table could never be matched to a satisfactory degree by the machines. 
In the end of course the decision was all about money. The intelligence services that Ripdotcom provided to the Capitol and the White House did not come cheap. Mass communication censoring had been a wide spread practice for years but it was a tedious labor intensive business and did not carry the kind of profit margin the cartel was used to produce from its other operations. Nobody was all too upset about the government’s plans to automate this process. The cartel still made a small fortune supplying and installing the servers and this could always be considered a favor that might come handy to cash in should the need arise. 
Still, Sam had made it very clear to his superior that there were unforeseeable risks involved with letting semi intelligent machines mess with personal correspondence. Sam’s employees had always prided themselves in the fact that their censoring activities were hardly ever noticed and if so, they were able to convincingly blame it on software, hardware or user error every single time. Even with the most sophisticated programming available these were still machines and their workings were bound to be discovered eventually. He did not make the mistake to venture a prediction of how the average user would react to this revelation. 
Sam Stone was shaking his head in disbelieve for the thousandth time. They had signed the censored message! What were they thinking? Probably one of these so-called security advisors had the brilliant idea to just be forthcoming with the information. This should show the government’s honest intent to protect its people from subversive elements and inside threats and at the same time intimidate the hell out of the common guy on the street. 
“Good luck trying to intimidate a twelve year old these days, ha!” he grumbled to himself. 
Sam felt it in his stomach that this issue would find its way onto his desk rather sooner than later. He needed to be prepared. The mere existence of the censor servers was a slap in the face of everything the United States once stood for. He knew that it would take a while to shake up a significant enough number of people to really turn this into a wide spread situation, but the Web had already started to create a buzz and not even his mighty organization would be able to stop this avalanche once it had gained sufficient momentum. 
Suddenly a bright red exclamation mark flashed across his computer’s touch screen followed by a warning message that he never had wanted to see in his career.
“Ripdotcom identity compromised!” 
He could hear warning sounds chirping from computers in the offices down the hall. Seconds later one of his senior agents stormed into the room. 
“Someone in Washington lost it!” Peter Lowry barked across the desk. “We were not able to trace the information back to its exact origin right away, but someone in D.C. posted a bulletin on the Associated Press tech blog about the censor servers and they quoted us as the operators. We retracted the text within 213 milliseconds but we don’t know if it was still distributed. We are scanning all channels for traces of it.” 
“Well, we don’t need a panic, so calm down and turn off the warning bells.” Sam tried to keep the situation under control, “Use all the resources you need to stay on top of a possible distribution. Let’s put out this fire while it is small. Find out who posted the message and inform the ground force commander in D.C. as soon as you get closer. We need to stop whoever tries to crash our party before they can do some real damage. Keep me informed. Use the satellite phones for all communications. Good luck, Peter.” 
He dismissed his employee and turned his chair around to face the bookshelf behind his desk. ‘Paper,’ he thought, ‘what a wonderfully predictable medium.’ He did not allow himself to get contemplative for too long. Sam Stone had always been kept in high regards because he was a man of action and this time he would have to prove what he was made of. 
He pulled the satellite phone from its charging station between the books and for the first time dialed a number that only a handful people had knowledge of. He had to wait for more than twenty rings before an out of breath voice answered the other call. 
“I saw it,” the thin voice came slowly across the line. “I assume you already initiated damage control actions.”
“Yes, sir,” Sam Stone acknowledged to Nicolas o’Riley, head of the Ripdotcom family, “We do everything in our power to contain distribution of the message and to find out the identity of the clown who wrote it.”
“Unfortunately, son, that was no clown who wrote and posted this note. It is no secret to us who stands behind this.”
Stone was dumbstruck by this casually uttered revelation. 
“My college buddy Freddie van Nuys and I developed much of the code back then that is still the back bone of our operation,” o’Riley explained, “He was brilliant but did not see the long term benefit of the mining programs. After the buyout of my first company a few years later I snatched up all his rights for a few hundred thousand bucks from him. He blew the money on girls and pot and later went on to join the CIA. He is still there. Freddie was always jealous and critical of our venture and especially of our government contracts. Seems he grew a conscience with old age or maybe it was just the lousy pay that set him off.” 
“Anyway, I got a text message this morning on the secure line. It said, ‘Nick the Tick, knew ya’ll make a mistake some time. Boom!’ Seconds later the alarms went off.” 
O’Riley took a deep breath from his oxygen mask before he was able to continue. “You can call off the dogs. If you want to find Freddie just walk down to the CIA data center in D.C., he’ll be there waiting. But what good would that do. We need a more proactive plan to resolve this mess. Let’s see how this plays out until tomorrow. Sleep on it and give me a call in the morning with ideas.” He hung up without another word. 
“Yes, sir, will do,” Stone slowly mumbled into the dead line. 
The next morning the Web and all kinds of official and alternative media channels lit up with fireworks of articles about the role of Ripdotcom in the censor server scandal. DHS officials denied accusations that the federal government had any involvement in deploying the servers. The signature line in the censored messages was claimed to be an attempt to provoke civil unrest against government offices and institutions. Ripdotcom was accused of terroristic activities against US citizens and appropriate counter measures were promised. Not that anyone really cared at that stage, but Washington, as always, was all about not loosing face and covering their tracks. 
Freddie van Nuys lived his days in a small unmarked office at Sublevel Two of a CIA data center on the outskirts of Washington D.C. The wall across his desk was covered with an array of computer screens that displayed all sorts of information at the push of a button. Everyone in his department knew Freddie as a quiet man with a biting sense of humor, but these days he was all smiles and giggles. His old tired eyes gleamed while watching a parade of sensationalizing news stories from all around the country and a few from abroad about his old friend o’Riley’s woes. 
He looked fondly at a list of news bulletins that he had secretly been assembling for years. Each one revealed yet another chapter of digital piracy committed by the vast network of companies and operational centers of the Ripdotcom cartel. Next to every line in his long list was a little bomb icon with a date and time stamp. The documents were uploaded and armed for delivery by the most inventive methods conjured up by a creative vengeful mind. Freddie van Nuys was not out for a quick kill, he was all about standing by and watching the mighty squirm and run for cover for a long time. He had learned to be patient and he was going to milk this for his twisted enjoyment as long as he could. 
And so the dominoes had begun to fall. A jumbled birthday wish and a rash emotional response from a little girl, the complacency of an omnipresent spying government, the ages old battle for power and influence, personal revenge and skeletons rattling in everyone’s closets. Powerful information technology that had been developed by greedy, childish yet ingenious minds and carelessly put to use by the masses without giving the faintest thought to the detrimental effect it would have if it ever fell into the wrong hands. It took a lot to plant the seed of distrust into technology in the minds of large parts of the population but the first stone was thrown, the line had been cast. Freddie van Nuys was sitting in his office fifty feet below the face of the earth and made sure that the plant of doubt was tended to. Even if he were to disappear for some unforeseeable reason his plan was put on autopilot, the news bulletins would go out and there was nothing anyone would be able to do about it. 
The dominoes fell slowly. In a world that relied on instant global communication and availability of nearly every piece of information and knowledge ever gathered by humankind the mere thought of giving up even a small portion of these conveniences was unfathomable for almost everyone at the beginning. Every aspect of public, private and business life was fully dependent on the cheap and effortless access to the global data networks. Even going on a romantic date without the prior reassurance of online compatibility tests and initial chat room contacts was hard to imagine for even the most love starved people. 
Faith is a wonderful thing. It lets us face hurdles, challenges and adventures without the certain knowledge of how to master them and still go forward to a fulfilling and life enriching experience. Blind faith on the other side is like being fast asleep at the wheel of a speeding car and not even waste the spark of a thought to the fact that there might be a bend in the road and we are not in control to negotiate it. Ignorance is bliss they say but this only holds true as long as we are ignorant of our own ignorance. Once the sleeping mind has been jolted awake even for the fraction of a second to see life for what it really is, the sleep is not going to be as fast anymore. Freddie van Nuys’ messages had begun to do quite a bit of jolting far beyond his direct reach. Personal responsibility was slowly retracted from the list of four-letter-words that it had been banned to for too long. 
It takes a lot to wake a sleeping bear, but when he awakes you better stand back and not get in his way. The American public had begun to awake from its lazy-boy supported lull where life was played out only on 16:9 aspect ratio ultra definition flat panel screens. The system of total control and manipulation by government and corporations had depended on the constant, immediate and unsuspecting access to an overwhelming part of society. This system had been compromised and scrutinizing it started to become a favorite past time. 
There was no land-rush to the shores of self-reliance or self-empowerment. It was more like a trickle at first, an annoying side bar to the mainstream media channels. Still, the steady trickle became a gurgling brook and the brook became a river and the river became a raging stream and then - - there was the waterfall, an unexpected gorge that opened in front of the still learning and struggling swimmers. That gorge almost swallowed the country for two long centuries. 
For Anthony Hager personal responsibility came knocking on his door when he discovered that the nuclear power plant he was chief safety engineer of was frequently driven above the maximum rated energy output by remote network request. Someone or something in a far away big city office had decided that the safety of Hager and his colleagues as well as the surrounding rural area was less important than a few percent of additional power output to push quarterly profits for the power company. He pondered the consequences for a long time and decided he had no choice in the matter. After a sleepless night and a long talk with his wife he sat down at his desk the next morning, took the control computers off-line and initiated the power-down sequence of the reactor. He knew that he had put his life and his and many other people’s future in jeopardy but there was no way to un-grow a conscience once it has manifested itself in ones personality. Anthony Hager’s sigh of relief was heard and felt throughout the mighty plant. 
Rachel Summers taught sixth grade history at Lincoln High, Tallahassee, Florida. One morning she was looking up into her classroom and all she saw were rows of computer screens with girls and boys ducked behind them trying to absorb the stale information they were force fed at a pre determined pace. Something new and unknown, frightening and exciting began to awake in Rachel. What would it feel like to be a real teacher?
“Tracy, would you please keep the class quiet for a few minutes, I want to fetch something from the library,” she instructed one of the class captains. 
With that she stepped out into the hallway and rushed down two flights of stairs to the library floor. The old librarian looked surprised to see a teacher walk in during school in session. Ms. Summers just nodded quietly to the library desk and made her way to the back of the room where row after row of old unused real paper books were stored. No one ever made it that far back these days. Special interest titles were downloaded to memory cards for display in the classroom computers and the regular lesson material was accessed directly from central education server banks. Books were just ancient relics and kept around for sentimental reasons more than anything else. 
Rachel found the row of books she was looking for and picked up one on American history reaching back many centuries. It was a heavy book and the dust that had accumulated on top of it made her eyes water and her nose tingle. The sound of her unexpected sneeze seemed twice as loud in the celebrated silence of the library hall. The second sneeze felt even more liberating and made her feel lightheaded.
The librarian was used to not question the teachers. She just assumed that Ms. Summers wanted to show her class first hand what an ancient paper book looked like and how fortunate they all were that they got their lessons in a much more convenient way. 
With a newfound spring in her step Rachel Summers almost ran up the stairs back to her classroom. There was not a peep to be heard and only two or three of her students looked up when she opened the door. She crossed the room to her desk and dropped the heavy book onto it with a loud thud. Now she had their attention. With a big gesture for everyone to see she paused the lesson in progress from her teacher’s terminal. 
“Gather around everybody, we will learn today what it was like to be in a class room many decades ago. Bring your chairs to the front and sit down, we are going to learn from a real book today.”
There were many uncertain looks on children’s faces not sure what to make of their teacher’s new found enthusiasm. One by one they picked up their chairs and moved to the front of the classroom. A few minutes of tumult and murmurs until they all were assembled to see what strange things might unfold that day. 
“We are going to read about the same chapter of our country’s history that you had studied on the terminals today, in the book,” Ms. Summers explained, “Let’s see if there is more to learn when we do the work ourselves.” 
There were many surprised faces including Ms. Summers’ when it became obvious that history in the book was written quite differently than the one taught by the standardized computer lessons. Eyes wide open these twenty-eight pupils and their brave teacher read and discussed and read some more until the school bell ended this remarkable history lesson. 
Small acts of civic bravery, initiative and original thinking in all parts of the population left their marks on small or large areas of every day life. Every one of these early deeds was met by official repercussions that far outweighed the offense but underlined their significance all the more. More rules, more restrictions, more control and of course more taxes were met by more resistance and determination of individuals, communities and organizations. 
Decades of a back and forth struggle between a freedom thirsty population and a power hungry and panicking government steadily eroded the trust in all forms of authority. The web of free information and data exchange that had been spun for almost a century unraveled itself from the outside in. The fragmented remains were not able to sustain the federal and global communication infrastructure that had been the foundation of modern economy on every level. 
The segmentation of the economic system brought a long laundry list of quite unpleasant situations and circumstances in its tow. The break down of supply lines for food, energy and affordable every day supplies left many regions and metropolitan areas at the mercy of raiders and pirates who always seemed to be able to acquire sought after merchandise one way or another and offer it to the highest bidder. 
Many short lived attempts of reorganizing larger areas under common administrations ended in all out confrontations between loosely organized paramilitary groups and armed street gangs. In the end the motorcycle and street gangs remained the only organized forces in many large cities and ironically matured to peace keeping and security authorities. Often they were the only effective protection from outside raider attacks. 
“... whenever any Form of Government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the Right of the People to alter or to abolish it, and to institute new Government ...” quote United States Declaration of Independence. 
The People finally took back their rights by force in what would be remembered as the Girl Scout Revolution. It would take more than two hundred years before the thought of instituting a new federal government could be even discussed without violent outbreaks and loss of life and treasure. 

</Time Warp>




Chapter 3: East By North East




With his hands lightly on the flight controls and a big smile on his face John Taylor was in his element. What a feeling to be flying again. The plane had reached its rotation speed and Taylor felt the reassuring positive resistance from the control surfaces in his hands and feet. He waited just a tad longer to be on the safe side, no need to rush things when there is plenty of smooth asphalt in front of you. With smooth application of backpressure to the elevator control and plane lifted effortlessly from the ground. He guided the plane into a steady climb and set the elevator trim for best climb speed. They had started from runway 36 and were flying due north. The plan was to go east and intercept the old Interstate 30 somewhere over Rockwall Lake, so he rolled the aircraft into a shallow right hand turn until they were facing straight into the rising sun. He pulled down the tinted visors over the windshield and for the first time in weeks relaxed into his seat. 
“How’s everyone doing so far?” Taylor asked pushing the intercom button on the steering wheel. Small planes in particular those with military designation were still noisy inside so all four of them were wearing noise reducing headsets. “Push the white buttons on your headset cables to talk, one at a time, please,” he instructed his passengers. 
There was just silence to be heard so Taylor turned around and looked into the white faces of Helen Spade and Tim Farmer. It was quite obvious that this was their first ride in a small aircraft, maybe their first flight at all. 
“Don’t worry kids,” Cody Hunt chimed in, “he hasn’t managed to wreck this old thing yet, so chances are he’s not going to start now.” He had a devilish time to poke fun at them remembering all too well his first flight with Taylor. He was not feeling quite so frisky then. 
“I’m fine,” Spade came through the intercom with a pressed voice, “but could you try to avoid at least some of the potholes ahead. It feels as if you were aiming for every single one of them.”
Taylor looked at Hunt with a little chuckle. The morning air was quiet and only when they flew across one of the more densely populated areas he felt the rising air disturbing their smooth glide. Farmer was clearly not feeling well and Taylor could only hope that he had had a light breakfast. 
“Tim, there are paper bags in front of you in the seat pocket,” he reminded Farmer, “if you have to get sick, no big deal, just use one of the bags and put it under your seat when you are done. Do not try to throw it out of the window! It will explode and come right back at you and Ms. Spade back there, you hear me?” 
He didn’t get an answer but heard the paper bags being pulled out. He looked with raised eyebrows at Hunt who gave him a grin and a wink when they both saw Helen Spade reach for the bags and with an almost tender gesture hand them to Farmer. 
‘Who would have thought? There might be a heart somewhere inside that block of ice after all,’ he thought by himself smiling.
About twenty minutes into the flight they spotted Lake Rockwall with its highway bridge that had been put back into service a few months earlier. Taylor’s friend Harry ‘Dawg-Ears’ and his Rockwall Security Gang had performed miracles making the region safe again for personal and business travel. It was still not recommended to leave the immediate metropolitan area without the protection of either an armed convoy or accredited Safe Passage Certificates but this first step in the right direction had given hope for a brighter future to many. 
The lake quietly sparkled in the morning light and only a few vehicles were in sight. The bridge connected Interstate 30 on both sides so Taylor banked into a slow left hand turn into the general direction of the once mighty freeway. Since this was a heading that not many flights were taking in those days no one knew exactly what the condition of the road beneath them would be. Taylor was hoping that it would at least be recognizable well into Sector XXI so it would be easy to navigate by looking out the window. 
The old trusty engine droned its reassuring song propelling the travelers across the sky at a comfortable altitude of five thousand feet. The vistas onto the slowly changing landscape beneath them were breathtaking with remnants of a violent recent past still clearly visible in many places. They saw ruins of deserted villages, burned out factory buildings, roads that were overgrown by the surrounding vegetation with only patches of concrete visible but, on the other hand, the blue clear lakes were glistering in the sun like seas of sparkling diamonds and the mighty pine trees stretched their branches high into the heavens. Everyone was enjoying the beautiful scene before them and relaxed into their fate. 
For more than two hours they followed Interstate 30 to bring them closer to their destination. To avoid complications and delays Taylor had not tried to get in touch with anyone who might still be living in the Little Rock area in Section XXI. He did not want to attract any attention to their expedition from friend or foe so he turned the airplane straight north before they reached the outskirts of Little Rock to fly a large arc around the more densely populated areas to catch Interstate 40 to the North. He was hoping to find the turnoff to US Highway 65 to follow it as far as their fuel would get them. This detour added at least forty minutes to their travel time and cut into the distance that they would be able to cover by air but it was much preferable to being shot at by some overly nervous security post. 
It was not long until they saw Lake Maumelle stretching out on the horizon and the Arkansas River Valley right behind it. Taylor deviated from his course several times to avoid overflying larger groups of buildings that were scattered throughout the area. A lonely low flying plane that was going north might raise some questions, which he was not prepared to answer. Disturbing the peace was furthest from his desires for this trip.
Soon the beautiful lake rushed by beneath them and after a short while they had crossed the mighty river that had given the region its historic name. Taylor knew it would be about ten miles north that US-65 would turn off I-40 to climb into the mountainous terrain. A few minutes after they had first seen the deserted highway corridor Hunt spotted the remains of the road they were looking for leading north. For the first twenty minutes it was easy to follow the road through flat grassland, as it was still well defined against the green and brown surroundings. The further the flight reached north though, the more it was obvious that the vegetation had claimed back much of the man made surface. 
At the onset of the mountains it seemed as if the forest had suddenly swallowed the highway. The openings in the dense tree cover became spaced wider apart the further they flew up the mountains. Taylor knew that they had almost reached the fuel reserve he was comfortable with to safely get them back home. He started to descend looking out for a suitable place to land that would also allow them to get back into the air once they had completed their mission. 
Taylor could see the highway wind up a steep mountain ridge with a flat wide opening in the tree cover on the other side. He pointed the spot out to Hunt to get his opinion.
“Watcha think? Do you see any reason why we should not take this spot to land?” he asked into the microphone of his headset. 
“You have to go in fairly steep to clear the trees right on the ridge but otherwise it looks good to me. Do a low fly over so we can see what the surface is like,” Hunt answered, confident in his eyesight and decades of flying shotgun. 
“You got it,” Taylor said gleefully and rolled into a steep turn towards the mountain ridge. It was a joy to feel the speed and g-forces as he pulled the plane up to clear the row of trees that crowned the cliff by a few feet. The tension in the back cabin was electric and Tim Farmer winced just a tiny bit as Helen Spade’s fingernails dug into his thigh. There might have been more pleasant ways of first intimate contact but given the circumstances Farmer did not object in the least. 
The surface of the chosen landing site was clear of large rocks or other debris. The concrete road was cracked and broken up on many places from freezing winters and hot summers but it still looked suitable for landing and starting the rugged airplane. The big tires and reinforced landing gear were able to tolerate obstacles of substantial size, which had more than once saved Taylor’s day before, not to mention his passengers and cargo. 
“That’ll do,” he announced to his companions and entered a sweeping 360 degree turn to get them back on an approach path over the ridge for landing. 
Taylor reduced engine power and deployed wing flaps to the first notch for a steeper glide angle. He negotiated the final approach to clear the tall trees at the downwind end of the landing site and carefully touched down the plane a few hundred feet later in the middle of the clearing. It was quite a bumpy ride over broken concrete and brush work but the plane slowed down bobbing across some small rocks and came to a halt with plenty of room to spare. 
The two men in the front seats had to fight back laughter at the very audible sighs of relief that came from the back once Taylor had stopped the engine at his chosen parking position close to the trees and out of sight from above. Helen Spade removed her hand from Farmer’s leg with an apologetic look on her face. 
“It’s o.k., ... thanks ... em,” he mumbled softly. 
The sound of cabin doors opening cut the tender moment short. It was time to think about more practical things than an ever so pleasant chance encounter in a cramped airplane back seat. Hunt and Taylor had already jumped out of the plane stretching their legs after the long ride. They inspected the aircraft for any damage it might have sustained from the rough landing roll. To their relief they could only see a few new dents to the underside of the hull but nothing that would bring the plane closer or further away from winning a beauty contest. They had managed the first leg of their journey according to plan. Now it was time to get oriented and to plan their hike up the mountains. 
“It is hard to imagine that someone came through here fifty years ago with a truck and made it all the way down to the Irving Sector. Must have been quite a resilient fellow,” Taylor said to Hunt pointing at the road that disappeared into the forest. 
“You’re telling me?” Hunt replied, “Remember, I was the one who tried to point out that the probability of your stories being true is slim at best. Wanna go back right now? We could be back at Ruudi’s Bar tonight at ten.”
“You kidding me?” Taylor laughed, “You are not getting out of using your legs for something else than balancing yourself on a bar stool for a change. Remember, it was you who begged me to come along.” 
They both laughed feigning a sparring match in the middle of the road. Spade and Farmer looked at each other rolling their eyes. They had not been aware that they had signed up to travel with a comedy team like it seemed, a very old-fashioned comedy team as it turned out. 
Savoring the peaceful scenery just a moment longer Taylor turned back to the business at hand. 
“Let’s unpack our stuff and get going,” he resumed his role as leader of the expedition, “it’s twelve thirty right now, we can still travel ten or fifteen miles today before we find a place to camp.” 
After they had emptied the plane, Hunt and Taylor fastened its fabric cover and a camouflage net on top of it. Better to be safe than sorry was their motto even in a remote location like this, just an old habit. They had brought backpacks for their personal effects and food rations as well as sleeping rolls. It fell on Hunt to carry the two small tents that were folded up in another backpack since his personal belongings were miraculously hidden somewhere in his combat suit. 
“What are we going to do for water supply?” Farmer asked, “The canteens we brought are not going to last long.”
“Don’t worry about that,” Hunt answered eager to make himself useful, “I can smell fresh water from miles away, we’ll have more than we can drink.”
The four travelers sat down on scattered rocks to have a light snack from their military rations that they had brought for food.  
“We are going to follow this highway north for about fifteen miles.” Taylor was ready to get going, “According to the reports we should come across a deserted town once called Lebanon. There’s still gotta be buildings and signs to recognize it. From there we head west on 74 or 377 whichever we find. It should not be more than ten maybe fifteen miles from there until we get into the area where I hope to find the colony we are looking for. Let’s gear up and happy trails!” 
They grabbed their backpacks and helped each other strap them on. It was obvious that Farmer and Spade were very helpful to each other. It was sweet to see the young cowboy stare at the girl wide eyed as if she was a precious flower which kind he had never seen before. Spade on the other hand still made an effort to keep her cool but at the same time she basked in Tim’s admiration and did not discourage it in any way. Taylor and Hunt looked the other way. This promised to be interesting to say the least. 
Taylor looked the airplane over one more time and satisfied with what he saw he took the lead and marched out in a northern direction. The old highway was overgrown by trees for the most part but there was still enough open space with the asphalt and concrete surface intact for them to travel at a decent pace. 
Hunt felt right at home in the sounds and scents of the woods, the touch of mossy grass, and shadow patterns painted on last year’s leaves by the midday sun. For him it all was invigorating and intoxicating. He almost forgot about his travel companions and rushed forward into the emerald tunnel in front of them. Taylor did not mind. He had been traveling with Hunt long enough to trust his instincts and keen sense of direction. They settled into a comfortable rhythm of walking a ways and then exploring the surroundings and picking up the hike again. It was not the fastest way to travel, but it assured them a familiarity with the forest that might prove beneficial if their search kept them in the woods for longer than they had expected. 
It did not take long for Tim Farmer to forget about his newfound interest in Helen Spade for a while to join Hunt in the exploration of the plants they were passing by. He could see right away that there was no evidence of genetic degeneration or other human induced disease in any of the vegetation. He unwrapped his precious DNA scanner to take samples of a few native trees and ferns. 
“I’ll be d.....!” he interrupted his surprised outburst with a side glance at Spade, “I can’t believe it, the comparison between these samples of Live Oak and the ones we took around the Irving Sector show a deviation of more than seven hundred picas. That would normally be enough to qualify as a new species if the differences were healthy generational mutations and not just random defects.” He checked his readings again to make sure he did not fall prey to his own mistake. 
“Mr. Taylor, sir, if my readings are correct and there really are farm animals or cultured plants around that are similar to these wild plants we are going to find a genetic gold mine here. People are going to name a steak after you.” He was all excited now and started to systematically scan new specimen as they came across them. 
“Just make sure you don’t fill up your data storage with useless underbrush and weeds. Keep some of it free for that steak you were talking about. I want to eat it with potatoes and beans next summer,” Taylor laughed, “And Tim, please stop calling me sir.” 
“Yes, sir,” Tim replied promptly. 
Hunt and Farmer kept dashing on and off the road into the woods like little kids who had too much energy to burn. They were enjoying themselves while Taylor and Spade kept a reasonable pace on the road. Spade did not offer much conversation which suited Taylor quite well because he did not know how far he could trust her. He was sure that by now his name graced a folder in Mark Shiner’s intelligence bureau and he was not going to fill it voluntarily with additional information. 
Hunt made good on his promise to find water. About three hours after they had left the plane he disappeared into the woods for almost ten minutes. The road had lead out from under the trees into a small clearing when they heard a sharp whistle from a steep incline above them. The other three turned to see Hunt up on the hill waving his arms gesturing for them to join him. His shout, “Water!” echoed through the valley. 
“We’ll better go,” Taylor said, “otherwise he is going to be grumpy and we have to try to find water on our own. All right, who’s first?” 
To everyone’s surprise Helen Spade stepped up to the steep gravel and rock slope and started climbing without effort. She looked as if she had lived in the mountains all her life and not in the Texas flatlands. Tim Farmer could not take his eyes off her slender figure elegantly moving up the hill with the grace and steady step of a mountain goat. It took him a moment to get his wits back and follow her lead. He climbed bravely and without complaint, but being a country boy who was more at home on the back of a horse or at the wheel of a truck he did not look quite as secure. Taylor chuckled to himself and followed the two at a safe distance. 
Up on the hill Hunt was kneeling at a tiny gurgling brook with ice-cold water clear as crystal. They all filled their aluminum canteens with nature’s gift and drank as much as they could right on the spot. None of them had ever tasted water so sweet and refreshing in their entire lives. 
“Let’s keep going for an hour or two more and then look for a place to set up camp,” Taylor suggested. “We can take the easier way down on the backside of the hill and make our way around back to the road. Thanks for the drink, Cody.” 
All four of them were in good spirits from the refreshing rest. They climbed down the slope to join up with the road a few hundred yards from where they had left it. Hunt and Farmer stayed with the group for now. The long flight in a cramped cabin and the excitement of their hike started to wear down their energy reserves. They quietly marched on, enjoying the changing scenery. The air was getting cooler as they slowly reached higher altitudes. It was not unpleasant yet but they were glad that they had brought the tents and sleeping bags. 
An hour later, after leaving behind the ruins of a small town called Marshall, Cody Hunt pointed out a small lush clearing between the trees that seemed the perfect camp site for the night. A small creek was flowing across the meadow to give them an opportunity to freshen up in the morning and the soft mossy ground promised a comfortable resting place. 
“Let’s set up the tents and get a fire going. Cody, do you mind going for some fire wood with Farmer?” Taylor asked.
“Not at all, come on cowboy, let’s go.” Hunt replied. 
It took Taylor and Spade only a few minutes to upright the tents and stow their belongings. Hunt came back with his arms loaded with dry and brittle branches. 
“The kid said he’ll be along in a minute,” Cody announced dropping the wood on the ground and began building a campfire. He took a knife off his belt and debarked a big branch, scraped out the fluffy dry kindling from the bark and stuffed it beneath a pile of small twigs. Only seconds later the fire from his lighter had spread to the larger branches while he added more wood to the pile. Not long and a lively fire radiated cozy warmth into the dusk. 
“Make room for the chuck wagon!” Farmer yelled, bursting from the forest onto the clearing. “First I’ll cook, then we’ll eat.”
Everyone was looking perplexed when he disappeared into the tent that harbored his backpack. He reemerged with the items he was looking for.
“Never travel without a frying pan and a coffee pot,” he announced triumphantly presenting both utensils. He then dug cautiously into the pockets of his jacket and to everybody’s delight produced three eggs and two hands full of various mushrooms and fresh herbs, which he had gathered in the woods. 
“I’ll cook this and stir in the dry rations with water. That’ll make us a delicious dinner. I also brought a few packs of real coffee. It’s not a meal without something black and hot to wash it down with.” This was not Tim Farmer’s first rodeo. No sir, he knew how to live and to survive in the outdoors and how to have a good time along the way. 
Fifteen minutes later the motley crew shared a welcome and unexpectedly delicious meal under the open sky. The coffee was hot and black and strong enough to wake the dead, just like you would expect when a cowboy does the cooking. The fine delicate flavors and aromas of wild bird’s eggs, herbs and mushrooms on the other hand would have been the pride of any fine restaurant in the Irving Sector and beyond. With their stomachs full and sipping the remaining coffee they all settled around the fire contemplating the events of the day. 
Out of the blue Helen Spade turned to Taylor, “You and Hunt are very close. Care to share the story how the two of you met?”
Taylor did not care much for the tone in which the question was asked. He looked at Hunt who just shrugged his shoulders. The events were ancient history and none of the involved parties had any influence anymore so what harm could it do to tell the story of the day they had met. 
“All right Ms. Nosy,” Taylor teased, “why not. I am just surprised that this is not part of the intelligence files that you and your buddies surely have on Cody and me.”
“It’s actually quite a story when I think about it. More than twenty years ago the Southern Coalition had gained stable control of the gulf coast and all the way up to Austin. I was a young pilot with the militia, all green and eager to prove what an ace I was. We were flying surveillance and minor ground attacks in little stinger jets against raiders and pirates who wanted to establish a bridgehead in the swamps. At least that was what we were told.”
He took a sip from his coffee before he continued.
“One night after my squad had completed a successful sortie I walk into my barrack and a black figure sitting in the dark grunts at me, ‘Don’t turn on the light.’ I almost pee my pants and go for my side arm when he points a flash light into my face and calmly says, ‘Don’t do that.’ He was moving so swiftly that I never saw him until I felt my own 45 being pressed into my back. ‘OK, you win,’ I say, ‘what is it.’ I was sure he wanted money or some of the rum that my buddies and I had stashed on the camp grounds.”
Another look at Hunt earned him a big grin.
“So we sat down and he laid an ugly story on me. Turns out the missions we were ordered to fly were not to keep Cuban pirates at bay but to cleanse the swamps from the people that were living there to give the pirates free access to support the reigning coalition. He had it all in writing, copies of high level orders, photos of the houses we had leveled, and communications with Cuban officials. I was sick to my stomach. He had been surveying the area for an opposing political party for months but the heat was rising so he needed a way out.”
“Yeah, that’s true,” Hunt took over, “I had almost been caught too many times so I wrote my reports and signed off from the job. I needed a quick ride out of there. Lieutenant John Taylor here had a reputation in his day of being one of the best and craziest flyboys who ever strapped into a military jet. It did not take much convincing after I showed him the evidence I had gathered to get him on board with my escape idea.”
“My credentials as Special Operations Officer at the time gave me access to almost any official building or installation. So, later that night I waltzed into the hangar for utility aircraft and commissioned a single engine plane for a covert operation. Times were so messed up back then that the night security grunt did not even flinch and let me have my pick. We rolled the plane out to the parking ramp where Taylor waited and before most folks were finished with their after dinner drinks we were off and half way across the Hill Country.”
“Mind you,” Taylor picked up the yarn, “I had no idea where we were going at that time. We were flying under the radar with no lights and only basic navigation, no radios and no maps. At sunrise I was sweating bullets because I was still not one hundred percent convinced officer Hunt was for real and we were slowly running out of fuel. He directed me to fly this and that heading and all I could make out was that we were going north. I was able to identify Cap Rock in the distance when he dials the comm radio to a certain frequency and clicks away on the speak button. Twenty seconds later we hear three clicks as answer and right in front of me landing lights flicker in the middle of a field. Hunt points at the lights, ‘Land there, we’ll be safe.’ I didn’t know what to think.”
“You should have seen the look on his face,” Hunt interrupted, “Taylor was flying as if he had the whole Southern Coalition in his neck. We learned much later from a friend that they never even missed the plane.”
“As soon as we landed all hell broke loose, or so it seemed to me,” Taylor continued with a laugh, “Suddenly people came running from all directions, strapped a tow bar on the landing gear and pulled us into a barn next to a farm house. Hunt jumps out of the plane and everyone starts hugging and kissing him like the long lost son.”
“Yeah, my folks are quite fond of their kin,” Hunt chuckled, “My uncle and nephews had run that renegade air strip for many years during the war. They helped quite a few lost pilots out of a jam and made good business out of recycling the planes they left behind. Meanwhile my aunt pushed us into the kitchen where we were fed like kings while out in the barn the plane got a new coat of camouflage paint. They also removed all markings, insignia and serial numbers. Come noon the plane had a brand new identity with papers and all, was filled up and ready to go. The same evening we started our trek up to Alaska where we flew supply transports for oil and mining outfits for many years. Good times, right Taylor?”
“Yep, good times,” Taylor replied thoughtfully. 
Soon thereafter the four agreed on the watch rotation for the night and retired to their tents, Hunt and Taylor in one and Spade and Farmer in the other.
Early next morning the rattling of an old frying pan and the smell of coffee woke Taylor. Never before he was so glad to have taken the young genetics engineer on the trip. After a breakfast of more wild bird’s eggs and strong black cowboy coffee the quartet continued the hike. They resumed their rhythm from the day before of making good time as well as exploring the surroundings on their way. Again, Hunt found them all the fresh water they needed and another lovely resting place for the night. In the morning of day three everyone felt that they were getting closer to the destination of their journey, the anticipation and excitement was almost palpable. 




Chapter 4: What Is The Most Important Thing?




The four travelers had followed the remains of what was once US Highway 377 west higher into the Ozark Mountains. The surrounding woods had had ample opportunity over the past two hundred years to claim back the trenches that man had cut into its canvas. The region had been abandoned soon after the war had climaxed to an all out confrontation between the various sectors and coalitions so there had been nobody left to keep the woods at bay. The center of the once wide road was still smooth and almost free of vegetation. Long branches of mighty trees provided shade with a thick canopy of healthy green leaves allowing for a swift and effortless hike. They were in an uplifted mood having fled the drudgery of the central camps for a few days. Life was good for right now. 
For the umpteen’s time Hunt started to tease Taylor, “I still can’t believe they gave you all this good stuff for your wild goose chase. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not complaining, this is the most fun I’ve had in a long time but...”
A high-pitched loud shriek right above them sent chills down their spines. The memories of screaming raider victims were still fresh on their minds, but this was different. They whirled around on their heels and scanned the area for effective cover when the shriek was followed by uncontrolled laughter of an obviously very amused female of undetermined age who was swinging by her feet hanging upside down from one of the lower branches of a gnarly oak tree. 
“What is the most important thing?” she inquired in a funny sounding voice that reminded Taylor of the cartoon characters that he found while searching the archives. A hilarious little mouse in a red jumpsuit came to mind right away. 
“What is the most important thing? Come on guys, I don’t have all day,” she repeated when she didn’t get a satisfactory reply right away. 
“Well, health and safety,” finally came from Tim Farmer. 
The others followed suit reluctantly. 
“Survival!” exclaimed Hunt to nobody’s surprise. 
“Information?” Helen Spade’s reaction had a big question mark painted all over it. 
“Someone to share your life with,” Taylor’s slowly uttered response earned him raised eyebrows and wry smiles from his travel mates. It was quite out of character for him to grant anyone let alone a stranger an ever so brief glance into his private thoughts. 
There was more giggling and laughter from that curious female while she quickly and without any effort made her way down the tree trunk onto the mossy ground. She held her sides and gasped for air in a vain effort to control her outburst. For a second she pretended to be all serious. 
“The most important thing,” she lectured, “is that I feel good!” 
Really, it sounded more like, “The most important thing is that I feeeeeeeeel gooooooood!” 
With that she burst into more laughter and started to escape into the woods. 
“Race you!” she screamed at the top of her lungs while she disappeared between the trees.
Taylor and his team stared at each other for a moment and then turned to chase after her, not wanting to loose contact with the first human they had come across since their airplane had touched down two days earlier. 
“Hey!” Taylor shouted after her, “Wait up, where are you going?” 
Suddenly he had an idea, “What did you mean by ‘That I feel good’? What about everyone else? What about me?” 
They ran and stumbled through the woods and lost the woman out of their sight within half a mile. The four of them stopped to catch their breath when they were startled yet again by that giggly voice above their heads.
“Who are you guys?” she inquired, “Watcha want here in Oz?” 
Hanging upside down from tree branches was obviously her favorite place for a conversation. She had a quizzical look on her face, not quite annoyed, not quite serious, and not quite hostile. She was trying to keep her distance and at the same time she was obviously curious and entertained by the three guys and the girl chasing her. 
“This is Oz?” Taylor asked half jokingly, “So that would make you Dorothy, right?”
“No, I am Lilly Ann.” She replied, “What’s your name?”
“Well, Lilly Ann, I’m pleased to make your acquaintance, I am Taylor, John Taylor, and these are Helen Spade, Tim Farmer and Cody Hunt, all friends of mine.” Taylor was glad that this conversation continued without another chase through the forest. 
Lilly Ann looked him disarmingly into his eyes, “She is not your friend,” she said pointing her finger at Helen Spade, “she looks like a fox. I would not trust her. She is pretty though,” she added looking Farmer squarely in the eyes with a quick wink. 
“Hey, what are you talking about,” Spade started to argue but Taylor motioned her to let it go. She was not happy about that at all. She wanted to let this weird Lilly Ann have it, but she gave in to keep the peace for right now. 
“Well, Taylor, John Taylor, are you going to tell me what brings you out here or are we going to have a little quiz game until I can guess it right? I go first. Yes or no, did you fly here?” Lilly Ann was having a ball at Taylor’s expense. 
“Well, yes,” Taylor stuttered, the total lack of insecurity on Lilly Ann’s part made him all the more self-conscious, “We flew here for the most part and then hiked two days until we met you. We don’t have to play games, though, I’ll gladly tell you what we came here for.” 
Lilly Ann was feigning to pout at missing out on a fun game but she swung up on her branch and climbed down to sit on one of the lower limbs right above eye level of Taylor. It seemed she did not want to give up the security of her tree entirely. 
“This is not nearly as much fun,” she complained with a smile on her face that betrayed her words, “go on, I am listening.”
“We came here because we would like to borrow something,” Taylor started cautiously. It was obvious that the woman was bright and witty but she was also wild and they were in the middle of nowhere so he did not know how much of his request she would understand. “Is there a town somewhere nearby?” He thought maybe a game of quid-quo-pro would get them somewhere.
“Yes,” Lilly Ann was not too forthcoming yet. 
“I think it would be best to talk to one of your leaders, a mayor perhaps or a chieftain, maybe one of your elders?” Taylor did not want to scare off Lilly Ann with his request for DNA samples or reports of war and struggle in his home area. 
His last question earned Taylor a laughing fit that would have made any big city standup comedian proud. Lilly Ann had tears in her eyes and gasped for air. She could hardly hold on the branch she was sitting on and Hunt reflectively stretched out his arms several times to catch her in case she fell off. All of a sudden she had an idea. She looked at them for a moment and with a giggle jumped off the tree right in front of them. 
“Follow me,” Lilly Ann announced very importantly, “I shall take you to my leader!” 
She picked up a long stick from the ground and held it up in front of her as if presenting the royal crest. Then she swiftly marched off between the trees following a trail that none of the others could see. 
They were quietly walking single file behind Lilly Ann trying to remember the direction they took through the woods. More than once they thought to have crossed a particular brook or clearing before, making them suspicious that they were not led the straightest path to the village. Nobody raised any objections because they did not want to jeopardize the fragile understanding they had come to with the woman. 
All of a sudden the forest opened onto a beautifully crafted cobble stone road. There was still some asphalt left from the original street surface but the frequent holes and frost damage cracks had been artistically patched with colorful patterns of stone, rock and tile of various shapes and textures. It was quite a surprise to Taylor and his travel mates to see such beautiful artwork displayed for utilitarian purpose in the middle of a supposedly deserted mountain wilderness. 
Lilly Ann walked up to a toddler of about three years of age who played at the side of the road. The little child wore colorful denim carpenter pants and a straw hat. She had her bare feet firmly planted in a puddle of water and was contemplating the various ripples the water made when she moved her legs and feet. 
“Hi Lilly love,” Lilly Ann greeted the little girl, “where is your mummy?”
The girl pointed in the direction of the road where at some distance a woman was kneeling on the ground working on the filling of yet another hole in the road. 
“What are you doing?” Lilly Ann asked the girl.
“I am painting rings in the water with my feet,” Lilly replied enthusiastically. “Look, they all talk to each other. If I make them the same they like it and grow bigger, if I make them different they don’t like it and wipe each other out. It’s just like the vibies, don’t you love it?”
Taylor was shocked to hear such an astute observation so clearly expressed from a three year old. Did she really talk about the physics principle of harmonic interactions of waves in the water? She surely must be a very special child. Maybe her father was the town leader and she enjoyed special schooling. In any case it was quite a wondrous thing to hear. 
“This is great, Lilly, thank you for sharing it with me,” Lilly Ann agreed, “Honey, these folksies came from far away in an airplane to borrow something. What do you think, should we help them out?” Lilly Ann asked very seriously. 
The girl looked intently at the four strangers. Her gaze was piercing and relentless and evoked the strong desire in all of them to find a hiding place and escape those innocent blue eyes. 
“Sure,” she said easily, smiling at them briefly and turning back to her water ripple game. 
“All right, you heard her,” Lilly Ann said with a sigh turning to Taylor, “now tell me again, what is it that you really want?” She started to slowly walk down the road. 
Taylor was perplexed. Surely Lilly Ann was playing games with them. This Lilly child was obviously gifted and bright but he refused to believe she was the town leader. Taylor was getting a bit impatient and annoyed by Lilly Ann’s weird behavior but she was their first contact with this colony and he was not going to let his emotions run away with him. She had said that she would help them after all, didn’t she?
Taylor put on his best Sunday-morning-church-smile.
“It is a bit complicated. Do you know anything about DNA or genetics?” he asked Lilly Ann to find a starting point for his request.
“Sure, it’s what our bodies know,” she replied without hesitation. 
“O.k., that’s one way to look at it, I never thought about it that way. Well, DNA is at the heart of my request. You know, we come from an area a few hundred miles south west of here. For the last two hundred years we lived in conflict with neighboring areas and there was a war and all kinds of nasty stuff going on.” He was watching to see her reaction to that news, if it was news to her.
“Yes, we heard that a lot of peeps were playing the rage and anger game for a while. How did that work out for you?” Lilly Ann replied lightly. 
There was this feeling of not being taken seriously bubbling up again in Taylor. He blinked hard and tried to push it away with a brief chuckle. 
“Not so grand, I’m afraid,” he admitted, “we have been able to keep a seize fire intact for some time now but the trust between the regions is fragile. We still have much work to do.”
“One thing we have been really struggling with is healthy and wholesome food supply for the big cities. You see, when the federal systems and regulations started to crumble at the beginning of the war, the restrictions that were imposed on genetics research were not enforced anymore. A few overzealous scientists thought their day had come and released altered DNA into the food supply chain on a large scope without really knowing what they were doing. They wanted to be the heroes of the day, I guess.” Taylor did not want to appear too desperate but he thought it would help his cause to relay the big picture. 
“I understand,” Lilly Ann agreed without the slightest hint of judgment on her part, “peeps sometimes make decisions and then forget to make them right.”
Taylor just took that comment as a refusal of taking sides and continued, “The unpleasant reality we have been facing for decades now is the steady degradation of all our natural food sources be it plants as well as animals. We deal with slow grow rates, degenerative deceases, unreliable yields and poor general quality of most foods which in turn has its adverse effects on the human population.”
He paused to let the information sink in for a moment. 
“So, what can I do to help?” Lilly Ann simply asked. 
Taylor thought for a moment and decided it was best to be open and forward with his agenda. “The reason we took the trip is that we hoped to find healthy animals and plants here. See, I found these reports in the news archives from fifty years ago of a gentleman who claimed to have come through this area. He reported to have met a colony of people that lived in the mountains and the food that he saw was healthy and delicious. There were pictures of cows and pigs and grain and vegetables that looked so appealing to me that I had to find a way to see for myself if these stories were true. So, here we are, and you are for real. It is kind of mind boggling for me, to be honest.” 
Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in disbelieve, “You want to have our cows? You must have a very big airplane if you want to take enough animals to make a difference in your herds. Are you sure you have thought this through?” 
Now it was on Taylor to almost choke on the laughter that exploded in his chest. He did not want to seem impolite or offend Lilly Ann and it was his own fault for not offering the information in a more useful succession so he swallowed the outburst and continued quickly. 
“I apologize,” he started, “I am afraid I left out a tiny little detail. We brought a device that can scan and record the complete genetic information of any living entity without inflicting any damage to the specimen. You just have to get the DNA scanner close enough and it reads the data from any tissue it can access. Once we have the sample data it will be analyzed and synthesized into the reproductive cycle of the various herds. It takes about two to three generations for the new genes to have an effect. We were successful so far to eradicate a few genetic imperfections but to have the full DNA set of a healthy sample would allow us to almost start over from before the damage was done. Tim Farmer here is a genetics engineer and an expert in reconstructive DNA synthesis.” 
“He looks smarter than to try to mess with God’s hand writing,” she teased in Farmer’s direction. “I can’t see any harm in what you want to do. I have to ask you for something though.”
“Right,” Taylor sighed, “we are authorized to offer you a substantial sum of energy credits for helping us.”
Lilly Ann interrupted him with an impatient gesture.
“No, no, I don’t know what an energy credit is, but I sure don’t want any of that. All I must ask you is not to reveal our location. I do not necessarily want us to become a tourist attraction or a cheap resource for treasure hunters. It’s not easy to find us if we don’t want to be found but I would still like it if you all promised to keep our little secret,” Lilly Ann insisted. 
“That is the least we can do for your generosity,” Taylor agreed.
“I would like to hear it from Ms. Foxy here. I think she is the nosey one, right?” Lilly Ann walked up to Helen Spade and looked her squarely in the eyes. “But you are also not breaking promises once you make them, quite a dilemma, hmm?”
Spade did not back away from Lilly-Ann.
“I suppose I can leave your exact location out of my reports. I can play the I-owe-you-you-owe-me game as well as anyone. Anything else?” 
Spade’s challenging tone did not dim Lilly Ann’s bright smile for even one moment.
“No, that’s all,” she said lightly, “It’s settled then. I see you have brought tents. You can set up camp right here. I’ll come back later and take you to a place where we can eat supper.” With that she turned around and skipped down the road out of sight.
Taylor and his mates stared after her until she disappeared around a bend in the road. They looked at each other for a moment before they all started to talk at the same time.
“Did she really ask that baby for permission?”
“Do you think this is the place we were looking for?”
“Did you see the artwork in the road?”
“Was she just teasing us or is she for real?”
“Where is the village? I can only see a road in the forest.”
“Man, Taylor,” Cody Hunt drowned out the other’s questions, “you were quite the flirt back there, nice going. Did you guys see how she was looking at him? You could have asked for that whole damn mountain and she would have given it to you.” Hunt slapped Taylor on the back almost knocking him over and laughed.
“I don’t know what you are talking about,” Taylor answered unable to hide the smile that claimed his face, “Shut up, Cody. Put up a tent or something, will ya?” 
“You are aware that we would have walked right past here if she hadn’t been waiting for us,” Hunt added on a more sober note, “I wonder what that is all about.” 
“I am aware of that, I am aware. Let’s see how it goes tonight at dinner,” Taylor answered thoughtfully. 
Setting up camp was a practiced routine by then and only took them a few minutes. It was time to prepare for the task they had come for. 
“Tim, how much free memory do you have in your DNA scanner?” Taylor started the discussion. 
“I have room for about fifty-five hundred scans, sir, when I compress the backup maybe six thousand. We need to keep records of the completed scans separately so we don’t lose track of our progress. The data management within the scanner is a bit cumbersome,” Farmer suggested. 
“I brought a data pad,” Helen Spade volunteered, “we could work out a data base to give us an overview about what we want to accomplish. We should probably catalog the animal and plant species that they can provide and take it from there.”
“Very good,” Taylor agreed, “you two stay put and get going on the catalog. Cody and I will explore the area to get an idea where we are. Remember, we are guests here and we are not familiar yet with the customs of this place. If you interact with anyone I expect you to be at your best behavior.”
“Yes, sir,” Tim Farmer acknowledged instantly.
“Yes, daddy,” mocked Helen Spade, batting her eyes. She turned around to join Farmer before Taylor was able to respond.
“The girl is warming up,” Hunt noted, “mostly to our young cowboy, though.”
“Good,” Taylor agreed, “come on, let’s have a look around.” 
They started down the street to the point where Lilly Ann had disappeared. On both sides of the road stood mighty trees of various kinds. The underbrush was cleared in most places and was getting lighter the further they walked. A few hundred yards further they came up on an intersection. There was a wider road leading to the left and to the right but still no sign of a town or village. Taylor and Hunt looked at each other.
“Let’s go right.”
“Let’s head left.”
They suggested at the same time. They laughed, hesitated a moment and started walking in opposite directions almost smacking into each other. 
“This place makes me feel silly,” Hunt admitted, “do you think there really is a town somewhere out here?”
“No clue,” said Taylor, “let’s just walk down here some more. If we don’t find anything we return to the camp and wait for Lilly Ann. Maybe she is in the mood for a few questions. I am kind of worried about the answers though.”
They turned right and did not have to walk far until they saw the first house, if one would want to call it that. A few large trees had been removed next to the road to create a parking space for what seemed to be an ancient travel coach. The vehicle was mostly intact on the front but its backside was surrounded by a bizarre conglomerate of wooden panels, fabric canopies and stone pillars to create an enclosed room that served both as shelter as well as an artistic canvas. Colorful paintings and mosaics covered all outside surfaces creating a stark contrast to nature’s colors all around. 
Taylor wanted to avoid direct contact with anyone until his rapport with Lilly Ann was solidified further. If the colony had survived out here for the last two hundred years with little or no contact to the outside world there was no telling what the reaction to their presence would be. Taylor definitely did not want to make matters more complicated than they had to be. They took in as much as they could while slowly walking on. Besides the soft bark of a dog and the sound of a closing screen door there was no sign of the occupants anywhere. 
“If they don’t want to be seen, we’ll pretend not to see them,” Taylor said quietly to Hunt. 
Encouraged by the discovery of the first house they grew even more curious of other homesteads. They did not have to search for long. Just a short distance further on the other side of the street an old Jeep vehicle was parked next to the road.
“Farmer is going to like this,” Hunt pointed at the car, “looks older than dirt, though.”
“No wonder,” Taylor answered, “if our information is correct all the industrial technology in this place is at least two centuries old. If this thing actually moves by itself it is the epitome of a bona-fide miracle. Wonder what they use for fuel.” 
“I don’t see a house or something else that looks like a living space, do you?” Hunt wondered. He didn’t have to wait long for an answer. 
The noise of a screeching door opening high above their heads made them look up. Their jaws dropped as they saw an expansive wood structure built into the crowns of adjacent trees sprawling across the street and into the woods. There were numerous separate room units connected by decks and rope bridges and ladders between them. One of the most intriguing features was a set of ten feet tall wind chimes hanging high overhead made of wood of various colors and grain patterns. The air was calm so the chimes did not move or sound but they were impressive nonetheless. 
A man wearing dark green coveralls stepped out of the door onto a deck. He dropped the end of a rope ladder and swiftly climbed down to the ground. Without even a glance at Taylor and Hunt who were looking on from across the street he jumped into the old Jeep and slowly drove off. 
Hunt flared his nostrils and announced, “Smells like French fries, no wait, doughnuts. They use recycled vegetable oil for fuel, sweet.” He grinned at Taylor. 
“This trip is getting more interesting by the minute,” Taylor admitted, “let’s head back to the camp before our love birds run out of work and get weird ideas. I hope Lilly Ann is going to be back soon. I am kind of hungry.”
“Hungry for Lilly Ann,” Hunt mocked ducking out of reach to avoid Taylor’s punch at his ribcage. 
“Grow up already, Cody, will ya?” Taylor chased Hunt up the street laughing. 
The two friends made their way back to the camp discussing the unexpected events they had witnessed on the journey so far. They enjoyed themselves dreaming up wild speculations of what else could be in store for them during their stay. Serious contemplation of little green men and unicorns passed the time of their return walk. 
They were a little annoyed but not too surprised to see the camp abandoned at their return. Everything was neat and tidy and nothing was missing but no sign of Farmer or Spade. 
“Did you hear this?” Hunt asked Taylor cupping his right ear in the direction of the forest. “Here it is again. Hear the laughter? Someone is having a good time back there.”
Now Taylor heard it too. “Let’s have a look,” he said walking towards the trees. 
They found a little path that someone had recently hewn into the bushes. The sound of a girl laughing grew louder with every step they took into the underbrush. After a few hundred feet they stepped out onto the banks of a shallow creek to see Helen Spade standing right in the middle of the ice-cold water. She had zipped off the lower leg parts of her Khaki pants and her jacket was thrown over a bush. Her skin tight T-shirt made every man keenly aware of her shapely figure. She stood on the rocks with her bare feet splashing the cold water in Farmer’s direction. The boy was sitting on the banks of the creek, his hat pushed into the neck, a big smile on his face, gnawing on a wild oats straw and enjoying the spectacle before his eyes. 
“Did you two run away from the bear that just ransacked the camp?” Hunt just could not pass up the opportunity to have a little fun with them. 
Farmer’s and Spade’s eyes were big as saucers.
“No way!”
“That’s impossible!” they started to stutter at once.
“Oh boy,” Taylor laughed, “the sight of a bad conscience. I’m outta here. You can find me at the camp when you are done with your frolicking.” They could still hear him laughing after he was out of sight. 
Cody Hunt could not retreat quickly enough to escape an angry fountain of cold water that Spade tossed at him. He ran after Taylor as quickly as he could. 
Shortly after Spade and Farmer had rejoined the group at the campsite they heard a vehicle approach some time before they were able to see it. The little engine strained against the load it was charged with, screaming a high pitched whine that was interrupted by vicious backfiring at an interval way too short for comfort. Around the corner came a little box like van with a two-piece windshield and a huge round peace sign smack in the middle between its headlights. Every piece of sheet metal and the occasional wood panel were painted in bright colors with paisley and floral designs. The side windows and back doors were adorned with drapes of similar colorful artistic expression. The wondrous vehicle stopped in front of them with a loud screech from the brakes and a pitiful sigh from the motor as it was relieved of its duty. 
Lilly Ann jumped out of the driver’s side door with a joyful squeal. She looked proudly upon her trusty ride and turned to her visitors with a beaming smile.
“Whatcha think, isn’t she a beauty? I painted her all by myself, over and over and over,” she laughed her infectious laugh, “Who is brave enough to ride with me?” 
“Shotgun!” Taylor claimed the front seat for himself to the amusement of everyone. 
They were not laughing half as loud when Lilly Ann opened the side doors of the van, revealing an eclectic mess of indescribable items cluttering up the rear cargo room almost entirely. 
“Careful that you don’t break anything,” Lilly Ann cautioned jokingly, “No, not my stuff, I meant your bones,” she burst out into more laughter. Hunt, Spade and Farmer squeezed into the van and she quickly shut the door behind them. What a pity that the only place left for Helen Spade to sit on was Tim Farmers lap. 
“Sorry ‘bout that,” she whispered into his ear with a smile. 
“My pleasure, ma’am,” he replied startled by his newfound boldness. 
“I like it when you call me ma’am,” Helen purred her agreement. 
Lilly Ann and Taylor mounted the front seats. 
“All comfy back there,” Taylor teased over his shoulder.
“Hold on to your mama!” Lilly Ann screamed when she wound up the engine and sped to a neck breaking top speed of at least fifteen miles per hour. 
It was all but impossible to carry on a conversation over the whining engine and the back firing that resumed as soon as they drove off. They went down the same road that Taylor and Hunt had walked before. They passed the trailer house and the tree house and continued to roll through the trees, which were never further away from the street than a few hundred feet. 
Many of the homes they passed on their ride were sights to behold. There was a converted feed silo with a winding staircase all the way around the outside and stained glass windows providing light and decoration for the inside, tree houses of all shapes and sizes connected to each other by ladders, rope bridges and small cable cars, and an apple shaped fire engine red construct more than twenty feet tall with a deck on top that was framed by a beautifully carved banister. 
At the leisurely speed they were moving about they had ample opportunity to feast their eyes on the unusual architecture that was paraded in front of them. The further they traveled the closer the houses stood together and the more people crowded the streets. Occasionally they were passing other cars, all of them of ancient build with obvious signs of makeshift repairs to keep them operational. Lilly Ann had to slow down more than once to carefully pass a mule or a donkey, which carried loads on their backs or pulled all kinds of wagons behind them. 
It seemed that no one was in any particular hurry. People were obviously familiar with Lilly Ann’s van. They stepped off the street when they were passing by as if they wouldn’t trust her driving skills and waved at her and her guests. 
After driving at that pace for about thirty minutes Lilly Ann turned sharp left off the main road into a small side street and parked the car in front of a round clearing. Lanterns of various colors were strung between the limbs of a mighty oak tree at the center of the place to light a great number of tables and chairs, some of them covered with canopies of fabric and straw. Spaced between the tables several clay ovens, fired with aromatic wood, radiated cozy warmth into the dusk. 
“This is Schwyzer House,” Lilly Ann exclaimed, clapping her hands in excitement, “Best food in town. Anybody hungry?”
The tavern was buzzing with people either sitting at their tables, enjoying food and drink and others running back and forth between the house that stood to the side and the tables to bring an endless supply of large plates with steaming hot food and big mugs of what seemed to be ice cold beer. 
Lilly Ann jumped out of the car and ran up to an old man who sat in a large rocking chair under the big tree close to an oven with a big smile on his face. His long snow white hair was braided in the back and he was wearing deer leather pants that reached just below his knees and a hat with a pheasant feather sown into the band. She hugged the old man enthusiastically and kissed him on the cheek while waving to Taylor and the others to join them. 
“Papa, these are the travelers that I told you about earlier. This is Taylor, John Taylor and these are his friends Cody Hunt, Helen Spade and Tim Farmer. They came a long way to find us so I thought the least I can do is feed them right, what do you think?” 
“Well, you know,” the old man said to her with a twinkle in his eyes, “these young lads and lasses, always on the move, never able to sit still for a moment. Go ahead enjoy yourselves. May be we can have a chat later on. Good to have you here, folks.” 
“Let’s find a table and get some food,” Lilly Ann ushered them to a vacant spot and sat down. “I hope you like pork,” she said, “the best item on the menu is grilled pork legs served with fresh horseradish and bread. Sound good?”
One of the waiters came up to their table with a large tray filled with mugs and steins overflowing with the white foam of fresh draft beer. Without asking he put drinks in front of each of them. 
“Willie will be right over for the food order,” he said, “enjoy the beer!” 
“I didn’t even ask if you all wanted to drink beer, but usually when people come here that’s what they have in mind anyway, so the waiters don’t even ask,” Lilly Ann explained, “I can get you water if you’d like.” 
“I can’t talk for everyone but beer is just fine with me,” Cody Hunt stared greedily at the mugs. He was first to grab one and hold it high above the table, “To our gracious hostess and our good fortune to have found her,” he announced waiting for the others to join him in his toast. Everyone followed his lead and clanked mugs expressing their gratitude. The beer was cold and had a pleasant hops and malt taste, not overpowering but definitely a delight for the palate. After he finally put down his mug Hunt glanced around the table a bit embarrassed. Was he really the only one who had finished his glass in one big gulp? Taylor rolled his eyes.
“No worries, big man,” Lilly Ann encouraged him, “there is plenty more where this came from. We enjoy it when our hospitality is appreciated.” 
Seconds later another foaming mug magically appeared in front of Hunt. He was starting to like this place a lot. 
Willie, a young man of maybe sixteen years of age, approached their table. 
“Hi sis’,” he kissed Lilly Ann on her cheek, “what’s it gonna be to eat this evening? We have grilled pork legs, spare ribs or grilled chicken for the lighter appetite.” He explained to those unfamiliar with the tradition of the restaurant. 
“Why don’t you bring us three pork legs and some ribs and chicken for everyone to get a taste,” Lilly Ann ordered, “We’d also like potato salad, some bread and rolls and don’t skimp on the horseradish. Thankle you mucho, muchacho,” she added with a sweet laugh. 
“Does your whole family work here?” Taylor asked her after Willie had left. 
“On occasion we all help out,” she replied simply, “Papa founded Schwyzer House a long time ago and our family has enjoyed having lots of guests ever since.”
“I bet it’s good business too,” Hunt suggested. 
“We can’t complain about a lack of diners every night,” Lilly Ann kind of not answered the question. 
The food came on large serving trays and Willie started to carve the wonderfully fragrant meat from the pork legs and cut apart the chicken he had brought. Between the meats, salad and bread there was enough food on the table to feed a party of ten. Lilly Ann pointed proudly at the feast and exclaimed, “Dig in!” With that she helped herself to a hefty piece of pork and a slice of dark bread. 
Slightly overwhelmed by the abundance of food before them Taylor and his travel mates hesitated for a second before they too filled their plates with the delights of the kitchen. For the time being the only words to be heard around the table were uttered quickly between bites in praise of the supreme quality and tastiness of the meal. It was a simple enough dinner that they enjoyed and shared together but it could have come from a king’s kitchen for all they were concerned. Lilly Ann had the time of her life observing the four strangers devour in complete agreement and innocence the treasure they had been offered. Nobody would have believed it when the plates arrived but only a short time later Tim Farmer and Helen Spade shared the last piece of pork ribs taking turns in gnawing at the bone until Spade dropped it all bare on her plate and announced, “I am never going to eat again, but this was good!”
Everyone around the table laughed at her out of character remark as they all knew exactly what she was talking about. 
“Who saved room for desert?” Lilly Ann surprised her guests.
“Mercy!”
“No way!”
“I’ll burst!” 
“What are we having?” All eyes turned to Hunt who had eaten at least as much as anyone else.
“What?” he protested, “A man can ask, can’t he?”
Lilly Ann held her sides from laughing so hard at the perplexed faces around the table. She looked around for Willie and nodded slightly when they made eye contact. Two minutes later the meat plates in front of them had been replaced by a three-foot long piece of apple strudel topped with creative patterns of whipping cream. They claimed to protest at the vicious attack on their waistline but they did it with their mouths full of the most heavenly sweets they had ever tasted. 
“This was wonderful, Lilly Ann, thank you so much,” Taylor said as the meal was coming to an end, “any chance that you let me pay for this?”
“You already did,” she answered without hesitation, “we are richer for having had you as our guests. Mi casa tu casa,” she added after a short pause with deeper meaning in her words than was obvious. 
“John, did my little girl feed you right,” Lilly Ann’s grandfather had come up behind him, “come on, let’s have a schnapps before it is time for me to hit the mattress.” 
He had brought a tray with him loaded with six shot glasses filled with an ominous looking clear liquid. He passed the drinks around to everyone. 
“I don’t recall being introduced properly,” he said with a wink to Lilly Ann,” I am Fritz, Friedrich Neuwirt from Oberwart in the Austrian wine country to be exact, but all my friends call me Fritz. Prost together!” 
With that he raised his glass and finished the drink in one big gulp. He exhaled loudly and looked encouraging to the others. Taylor was the first to follow suit, after him Hunt, Spade and Farmer. 
“Sorry, I don’t usually drink,” Spade excused herself after an audible burp had escaped her followed by a cascade of giggles. 
“That’s too bad,” Farmer replied sheepishly, which prompted more giggles from Spade. 
Taylor could not stop to stare at Fritz Neuwirt slowly grasping the full weight of what he had heard. 
“You are F. Neuwirt,” he said to Fritz incredulously, “you wrote the reports I found in the archives. It is a most surreal pleasure to meet you, sir.” He grabbed the old man’s hand and shook it vigorously. 
“Small world, son, a small magical world indeed,” Fritz replied with a knowing smile. 




Chapter 5: Bounty!




The night before had ended with another slow motion ride through a wonderland of colored lights and ghostly architecture on both sides of the street. Lilly Ann had dropped off the visitors at their campsite with the promise to be back in the morning to help them get started with the collection of genetic code data. The events of the day had taken their toll on Taylor and his crew so they quickly retired to their assigned sleeping quarters and succumbed to the refreshing and life giving darkness of sleep, satisfied that they had made it this far. 
The first shimmer of day light peeked reddish over the mountain crest when Taylor was awakened by the now familiar rattle of coffee pot and frying pan. Farmer was eager to get started and breakfast always seemed to be a strong argument to get the others out of their sleeping bags. This time he did not have to search the woods for partridge or quail eggs to cook up his specialty. To his delight a good fairy had left a wicker basket full of breakfast treasures in front of their camp during the night hours. He found large brown eggs, thinly sliced smoked bacon, sausages, butter, a jar of honey and two loaves of sweet crispy bread wrapped in a red and white checkered table cloth. He couldn’t wait to see the eyes of his travel companions when he would dish up this royal feast. 
Minutes later the coffee was exuding its invigorating aroma through the camp and bacon sizzled in the pan. One by one sleep drunken faces appeared through the tent openings inquiring what all the racket was and why it smelled so deliciously this early in the morning. It was amusing for Farmer to see the grumpy mood dissipate as soon as they got a good look at the wonderful gifts that had been bestowed upon them. 
“Ready for some eggs?” he greeted them cheerfully while with the skill of an accomplished short order cook he quickly broke the eggs into the pan. 
“I didn’t believe I would be thinking about food for a long time after yesterday night,” Helen Spade spoke what everyone was thinking, “but this looks so good, I don’t think I’ll be able to resist.” She added with a laugh slapping her backside, “Bring it on kiddo, fatten me up.” 
Now there was an icebreaker from an unlikely direction. Suddenly there was laughter and chatting and all of them were wondering about the strange place they had landed in. They discussed the events since they had met Lilly Ann on the highway and were excited about the promises of the upcoming day. Farmer and Spade had finished their preparations for cataloging the data they were hoping to collect. It turned out that Spade was quite handy with setting up a three-dimensional database that would allow them to keep all the scans neatly organized for the subsequent synthesizing process. Farmer had a hard time containing his excitement at the prospect of closely working together with Spade at least for the next few days. 
They were just about finished with breakfast, licking their plates and slurping the last drops of coffee, well, Hunt was licking his plate, everyone else was being a little more civilized using bread to pick the last crumbs off their plates when they heard the unmistakable boom-whine-boom-boom-whine that Lilly Ann’s van apparently used as its main propellant force. Soon it flew around the corner gleaming in all colors of the rainbow in the morning sun coming to a screeching halt right in front of them. 
“Did you save something for me?” Lilly Ann shouted while she hopped out of the vehicle, laughing at the embarrassed looks her question earned. “Just kidding, did you enjoy the breakfast? I asked Gretchen from the Huxley farm down the road to bring you some food on her way to the market so you wouldn’t have to starve this morning. So, what do you want to do today?” she asked full of energy. 
Taylor could not shake the feeling that they had unwittingly been adopted into a new family. Neither he nor his companions did object to attention they received and the comfort this development provided for them.
“If possible, we would like to get started with the gathering of DNA samples,” Taylor took charge of the conversation, “Can you get us in touch with local farmers and growers?” Lilly Ann’s direct and easygoing attitude made it a lot less complicated to ask for what he wanted without the fear of offending her or scaring her away. 
“Of course, I already talked to a few of them last night,” Lilly Ann replied, “and although most of them think you must be very desperate or a bit out of your mind trying to mess with genetics on such a large scale they admire your enthusiasm and are more than willing to help. Anything in particular where you want to get started, cows, sheep, pigs, horses, elephants?” 
“You’ve got elephants here?” Farmer blurted out jumping off the rock he was sitting on.
“Ha, gotcha, just checking if you were paying attention,” Lilly Ann teased, “but if you are set on elephant, I am sure I can arrange something. Might take a while, though,” she laughed.
“That’s all right, ma’am, how about we start with cattle,” Farmer suggested, “after all I promised Mr. Taylor to have a steak named after him. Do you grow various breeds or did they blend together over time? Do you grow them separately for dairy and for meat? Are they held in stables or on pastures? Are they fed any supplements? What kind of veterinarian care do you provide for them?”
“Whoa, young man,” Lilly Ann tried to contain the flood of questions erupting in Farmers mind, “I am just the tour guide here. You need to ask the growers directly. If it’s cattle that you want we have to take a little ride out of town. Hop in, I cleaned out the back of the VW a bit so you don’t have to sit on top of each other,” she said with an impish glance at Spade and Farmer. 
“Great,” now Taylor was getting excited, “get your gear and let’s see that we can get this thing rolling.” 
The five of them boarded the van the same way as they had done the day before and with great noise they drove off. Taylor was surprised every time that the vehicle actually moved with that little engine laboring like it did. 
“Do you want me to look at your car’s motor while the others do the DNA scanning? I am sure something can be done to make it run quieter,” he offered shouting over the noise.
“You mean this is not what it’s supposed to sound like?” Lilly Ann asked with a puzzled expression on her face, “This is what it always sounded like and it has been in my family for many years. It hasn’t been always as pretty as it is now, though,” she added with a wink.
Taylor rolled his eyes, “Yes, it is very pretty, did you paint it with nail polish?” He obviously did not recognize the great artistic accomplishment within the chaotic collection of colors and shapes. “And no, I do not think this is the way your car is supposed to sound. It will use a lot less fuel too if it runs better.” 
“OK,” Lilly Ann replied with a gracious smile, “if it makes you feel better, be my guest. I am sure they have a bunch of tools at the farm where we are headed.”
Taylor felt a lot better about receiving their wonderful welcome and help now that he had something to offer to Lilly Ann in return. He just hoped that the ancient engine would cooperate with his mechanical prowess. 
“Does this town have a name?” he asked. 
“Flugerton,” Lilly Ann answered simply.
It was too cumbersome to carry on a conversation in the loud vehicle so Taylor settled into his seat to enjoy the ride through the valley. Lilly Ann glanced to the side at Taylor happy to see him relax somewhat. With his worries forgotten for a moment she saw the wrinkles on his forehead smooth a little and the character of his face softening. She liked very much what she saw. With a new found joy that painted a big smile on her face she went back to concentrate on her driving. 
Frank Turner’s farm was the largest cattle producer in the valley. His family had lost count of exactly how many head of steer they owned since it was obvious to them that there would always be much more than the community could ever consume. The dairy section of their operation produced an over abundance of milk on their higher elevation mountain pastures that was processed into delicious cheeses and dairy products that were famous throughout the colony. 
The main building of the farm looked like it had been there from the beginning of time. Not only was the outside covered with materials and decorations that mimicked the surrounding nature, the expansive structure was built hugging the curvy slope of the steep hills on the sunny side of the valley. The roof shingles were covered in a thick layer of dark green moss, which helped to keep the heat out in summer and the warmth inside in winter. The place in front of the house and all the way up to the barns that stood aside was buzzing with activity. Men and women of all ages carried on with their assigned chores and duties in what appeared to be an orchestrated chaos. There was much talking and shouting and even singing and laughter and although it was obvious that work was being done the scene felt more like a Sunday afternoon at the carnival. 
Lilly Ann stopped the car and shouted out the window, “Hey Frank, here come the Texicans!” she laughed whole heartedly at her own joke and turned to her passengers, “guys, if you want cows, this is the place.” 
Across the place a middle-aged man looked up from the hooves of the horse he was about to inspect. Spotting Lilly Ann and her rolling canvas a big smile revealed an impressive mouthful of gleaming white teeth. He let go of the horse and patted him on the rump to let him know that he was free to roam and graze. Frank Turner was a tall slender man of at least six feet with a full head of ash blond squiggly hair that he unsuccessfully tried to contain under a wide brimmed straw hat. He grabbed the reigns of a big black and white spotted horse that was loosely tied to a close by fence post. He effortlessly swung his leg into the saddle and made his way over to the waiting van in an elegant trot. 
“Good morning Lilly Ann, ma’am, gentlemen,” he tipped the brim of his head, “I had a herd of cattle brought down from the pastures this morning. It’s the best mix we could find on short notice but I believe you will like them. Pull the van around the barn, dear.” 
He turned his horse around with a gentle gesture before anyone could say a word and lead the way to the back of the farm buildings. A maze of cattle chutes and fenced corrals stretched across a large area confining several dozen head of cattle of various ages, breeds and colors, male and female. The sensory onslaught was breathtaking in the truest sense of the word for Taylor and his friends. Only Tim Farmer did not seem to mind and eagerly jumped out of the car as soon as it came to a halt. Lilly Ann got out of the car and walked up the Frank Turner who dismounted his horse. He hugged her with his strong arms and lifted her off the ground. 
“Did you come here to marry me after all?” he looked like a little boy on Christmas Day.
“Oh, I would love to,” she played along, “but I don’t think you could handle me. You would blow a fuse behind that philosopher’s forehead of yours trying to figure me out,” they both laughed and hugged again. 
“Frank, I told you about my new friends from Texas,” she was a bit more serious, “this here is John Taylor who found my grandfather’s notes and decided to come looking for us. He says he wants better food for all the people where he lives, but I think he just wants to have a really good steak once in a while for himself. Terribly selfish, isn’t it?”
“Hey,” Taylor started to protest before Turner stopped him.
“Don’t worry John,” he said with a friendly jab at Taylor’s arm, “nothing wrong with wanting better for yourself, and if it benefits others, all the better. Never mind Lilly Ann’s teasing, she is holding out for a better man to come along, can you believe it?” 
“So, who of you is the scientist?” Frank wanted to know. 
“That would be Tim Farmer over there,” Taylor pointed him out.
“I sure hope he is an artist too and has a good sense of humor, otherwise that will be one boring cow he is going to breed,” Turner said thoughtfully. 
He walked over to Farmer who was sitting on a fence rail contemplating the collection of animals before him. 
“Good morning sir, thank you for your kind offer to help,” Farmer greeted.
“Morning cowboy,” Frank replied, “I figured you would need about two hundred and seventeen complete DNA samples to establish a sustainable gene pool. I selected prime specimen of three distinctive breeds to give you a better spread.”
Farmer was listening with eyes wide open. He pulled out Spade’s data pad and punched in some numbers. 
“You are precisely correct sir,” he stuttered in disbelieve, “Do you have genetic research computers up here?”
Turner just laughed and tipped a finger to his forehead. 
“It’s in the noggin, junior, you should try it sometime, just a little basic math, right?” 
Farmer didn’t know if he was led on by this rancher or if he just had met a mathematician with a hang for raising cattle. Looking at the beauty of the herd that was waiting for him he didn’t really care one way or the other. He could not wait to get the genetic information of these wonderful animals into his data recorder. 
“Why the long face, Farmer?” Helen Spade asked when she joined him at the fence.
“I don’t know,” he replied not sure what to say, “This place creeps me out. I expected a backwater primitive community if anything at all and here we are living like the kings. The cattle, I can see that already, is of higher quality than the breed samples in the university lecture books and Mr. Turner gives me lessons in genetics math, without a computer for crying out loud. I have a hard time knowing what to think.”
“Well, then don’t think about it and get started with your work,” Spade pulled him back to planet Earth, “that’ll cheer you up.” 
She flashed him her biggest sweet girl smile and took the data pad from his hands. Her fingers flew over the virtual keys calling up the database grid they had developed the day before. 
“Cody is going to help sort the animals and bring them to us for the scanning. That’s going to be fun watch the guy wrestle cows,” she said mischievously. 
It was going to be a long day of hard work. Turner didn’t want to keep the cattle in the corrals over night so they had to get all the DNA scans done before nightfall. Each of the animals had to be caught and lead down a chute where it could be held still for about thirty seconds while its genetic information was downloaded into the scanner’s memory banks. To be sure they would not lose any of the priceless data they paused after every tenth scan to transfer a backup copy to Spade’s data pad. 
Cody Hunt and one of the ranch hands had the interesting task to cut specific animals out of the herd and deliver them to the chute where Farmer and Spade waited with the scanning equipment. Many of the cows were cooperative and let themselves be led willingly to the harmless procedure but a few of them had other ideas. It was almost as if these rambunctious creatures had waited for an opportunity to play with their humans. They bucked and kicked and screamed and had a blast running around in circles to avoid being caught. It was quite a spectacle to see Hunt in his black combat suit, sleeves rolled up and sweat running down his face chasing after a little steer that played catch with him. More than once, after he had landed in the dust face first the animal would change its mind and cheerfully walk into the chute all by itself. 
Helen Spade was not shy around the animals either. Pretty suit or not, if one of the cows did not hold still long enough for Farmer to get a clear reading she was there to soothe and restrain it until the procedure was complete. 
It took every bit of ten hours to process the complete herd one cow at a time. Hunt, Farmer and Spade were tired and dirty and they smelled like last year’s dung but they had gathered enough genetic information to reestablish a healthy cattle population throughout the Southwest, what an exhilarating accomplishment. 
Right after the DNA rodeo had begun in the corrals Taylor asked Lilly Ann about having a go at tuning up her van’s engine. Farmer seemed to have everything under control with the sample gathering so he wanted to make himself useful in other ways. 
“Sure, why not,” was Lilly Ann’s not too enthusiastic reply. She had looked into the engine compartment at the rear of her vehicle once before and it had taken her almost a week to regain her faith in the machine enough to dare driving it again. Now this Taylor fellow wanted to mess around in there and expected the engine to run better afterwards. She didn’t want to spoil his fun but the prospect of having to go hunting for a new transport did not appeal much to her at all. He seemed so happy when she pulled the car around the barn close to the machine shop so she forced herself to hope for the best and brace for the worst. 
Taylor disappeared into the shop rummaging around loudly in a quest for the required tools. He reemerged with both arms filled with wrenches, screwdrivers, oilcans, pliers and contraptions that for sure did not have a name in any language known to man. He sat his find down onto the ground and began to clean the tools with an old oily rag. Lilly Ann was deeply touched at the sight of a man taking the time to clean his tools before using them on her property. She thought that this spoke very highly of his work ethics. 
With all the metal sparkling in the late morning sun Taylor opened the back hatch of the boxy vehicle to reveal the ancient engine, a roll of unused cable, three spare spark plugs and a small bird’s nest. 
“Wow,” he exclaimed, “this looks interesting. Do you mind if I remove the nonessentials from your car?” he asked with a wry smile. 
The little flat four cylinder engine was covered in centuries old crud and hardened motor oil mixed up to a solid black crust all over the motor. 
“This is going to take a while,” he said to Lilly Ann, “you don’t have to watch me if you have better things to do.”
“I guess,” Lilly Ann answered, “but it might be hard for you to work on the engine while I am driving around, don’t you think?”
They both laughed at Taylor’s obvious oversight and so he went back to cleaning out the dirt between the cooling fins. Taylor had heard the engine enough to know that a simple carburetor adjustment was not going to make much of a difference. He decided that he would do a complete field overhaul and use whatever was handy to bring the mechanical parts back to their original specification. 
“What are you using for fuel up here?” he asked out of curiosity.
“I don’t know exactly,” Lilly Ann shrugged her shoulders, “I think it is a mixture of alcohol and recycled cooking oil. I never really thought about it. Terry comes by once or twice a month and fills up the tank, that’s all I ever needed to know. He says he puts new oil into the car every now and then. It worked beautifully so far.” 
Taylor just looked at her with a raised eyebrow and nodded. He continued to remove engine parts from the bowels of the van one by one and laid them out on an old cotton sheet in the grass. After an hour of him disassembling part after part Lilly Ann was absolutely convinced that no human being would ever be able to put all this junk back together so that it would function to carry her about town and country. She had made her peace with the idea that she would have to borrow a vehicle whenever she wanted to be independent from hitching a ride with someone else. 
Taylor on the other hand was reliving memories of countless airplane and other engines he had rebuilt under much worse conditions before. Each and every one of them had worked properly afterwards to great satisfaction of their owners and operators. He did not doubt for one moment that he could do the same in this case. With the steady hand of a master surgeon he carefully dug through the neglected mechanical mayhem in the engine bay to reveal the engineering marvel that this motor once was. 
Patience, care, joy and faith in his skills transformed the mundane job of repairing an old car into a magician’s performance that was a delight to watch. Lilly Ann lost herself in the observation of Taylor’s deliberate movements, his soothing utterances to himself, to the car and to her. The spark in his eyes and electric energy of his presence made it hard to take her eyes off him. 
“Lilly Ann?” it took a moment for her to realize that Taylor had said her name a second time to wake her from her daydream, “I will have to replace the head gaskets, they completely disintegrated when I took them off.”
‘Here we go,’ she thought to herself, ‘he needs a part that has not been produced for more than two hundred years. Bye, bye my trusty old VW.’
She took a deep breath to relax before she replied.
“OK, do you have any of these head gaskets with you?” she asked innocently. 
He looked at her with an amused smile, “You don’t think that I can do this, do you? Why did you let me start to begin with if you didn’t believe I could finish the job?”
“The thought had crossed my mind,” she admitted, “but you looked so happy and so eager that I just could not deny you the simple pleasure of playing with my car.”
Taylor was knocked off his socks, well, he was sitting in the grass already. He didn’t know if he should laugh or cry. This was the sweetest thing anyone had ever done for him. 
“You are incredible,” he said almost choked by the flood of mixed emotions that swept over him, “I cannot begin to express how much I appreciate you, but,” he added with great emphasis, “I can fix this. We just need to find a small piece of old plastic floor covering or something similar.”
“You really can fix this?” Lilly Ann threw her arm in the air and did a little celebration dance. “You really can fix this!” she shouted for everyone to hear. She did not waste one thought to the fact that the car was not really broken before he had started to take it apart. 
It turned out that many of the farm’s utility rooms still had very old linoleum floors hidden under rugs or wood panels. Taylor carefully removed one of the plastic tiles and started to clean and polish it with some solvent he had found and water. He placed the cylinder heads carefully on the linoleum and traced the outlines of the gaskets with a pencil. Lilly Ann could not believe her eyes when he picked up a sharp knife and without hesitation cut out the pattern he had drawn. Expertly he mimicked all the intricate curves and openings from the metal template onto the plastic material. 
“That’ll do,” he announced after the last piece was removed to form the makeshift gasket, “it’ll run just as new.” His optimism was intoxicating. 
Now Lilly Ann was getting excited. Was this man really able to figure out a machine that he had never seen before and that was constructed several hundred years before he was born? No matter the outcome, the sheer life-giving thrill of attempting the seemingly impossible made it worth the risk of losing her car a thousand fold. She couldn’t wait to turn the starter key to see if he had been successful. 
One after another the now shiny and cleaned engine parts disappeared under the back hatch of the van. Taylor’s movements would have looked easy and effortless to a casual bystander and only his intense focus betrayed the delicate nature of his task. When he picked up the carburetor to bolt it onto the crankcase he thoroughly studied its design and adjustment mechanism. He turned this and that screw, loosened and tightened threads and bolts as if to get an innate feeling for function of the apparatus. After a short while his eyes brightened and a small satisfied smile played around his lips. He closed the adjustment needles all the way and then counted out loud the number of revolutions while he opened them back up. He nodded in agreement with himself and dove under the hood to install the part. 
“Just a few more cables to put back into place,” he said with his hands still in the engine bay, “I guess it’s time to start her up. Wanna do the honors?” 
“I’d love to,” Lilly Ann beamed with excitement, “are you sure about this?”
“I’ll tell you in a minute,” Taylor chuckled, “go ahead.”
Lilly Ann turned the key and stepped slightly on the gas pedal. The starter turned over twice and then havoc broke loose. The roar coming from the rear of the vehicle was deafening. It reverberated between the walls of the farm buildings and echoed from the adjacent hills. The noise was much more akin to the angry howling of a fighter jet than the gentle whining she was accustomed too. She quickly shut off the motor gesturing apologetic to the people who had run out of the buildings to see what was going on. 
“What in the...,” she started trying to stay serious through her upcoming laughter, “what did you do to my little van? I can’t drive around like this.”
Taylor was sitting on the ground behind the car holding his ears. Tears were flowing down his cheeks from laughter. He was just as surprised and startled by the noise level this little beast was able to produce if one did not put on the proper exhaust muffler. He had thought he would wait to put on the last part until he could be certain that the engine would run and he would not have to take it apart again. For the life of him he could not think of a reason why he did not disclose this vital piece of information to Lilly Ann before she had turned the key. Anyway, the hysterical look on her face when she came running at him was priceless. 
“No worries,” he said to her still gasping for air from laughing. He held up the muffler trying to look as innocent as he could, “Once we put this on she’s going to purr like a kitten.”
Lilly Ann wanted to beat the metal piece over Taylor’s head for scaring the daylight out of her but he quickly retreated under the car and began affixing the missing part. 
“Care to try again,” he asked with a wicked five-year-old-boy grin. 
“Sure, you stay right there,” Lilly Ann laughed back at him.
 This time Taylor’s promise came true. The motor came to life immediately and purred without complaint at a very civilized noise level.
“Let’s go for a test ride,” he eagerly suggested and hopped into the passenger seat. 
Lilly Ann put in the first gear and took off with gravel shooting out under the back wheels. 
“Whoa,” Taylor cautioned, “the engine might allow you to go faster now but I don’t think the chassis or the breaks are going to agree with that. Keep it slow and be happy that you can hear yourself think for a change.”
“Aye, aye, mon capitaine,” Lilly Ann exclaimed and turned the van around to head back to the farm.
When Taylor and Lilly Ann returned to the farm from their little joy ride Frank Turner greeted them in front of the main building. 
“John, thank you for giving that old girl another lease on life,” he pointed at the van, “what do you think of you and your pals staying at the farm overnight. We have enough room in the guesthouse and you would be much closer to the other farms to get your specimen for the DNA sampling. No need to be uncomfortable in your tents.”
“We wouldn’t want to be any burden,” Taylor subjected.
“No burden,” Turner interrupted him, “we would love to have you. In any case, I guess your mates might need a change of clothes and a hot shower after all the fun they were having with the cattle this afternoon. I guess you could too,” he added looking at Taylor who had engine grease spread evenly over almost everything he was wearing. 
“Well, thank you so much, Frank,” Taylor accepted the offer, “I’ll ask Lilly Ann to drive me over to the camp site to gather our gear and bring it here.”
Later that evening the four visitors sat at a large table in the main house all dressed up in borrowed overalls and flannel shirts with Lilly Ann, Frank Turner, his wife, their five children and a number of farm helpers to enjoy a scrumptious feast cooked in their honor. 
“Cody, you were quite the steer wrestler out there today,” Turner smiled at Hunt, “very impressive for a guy from the city.” 
“I grew up in the Texas flatlands working cattle,” Hunt replied, “and now its payback time for this afternoon,” he laughed and put a second huge T-bone steak on his plate. “They taste as good as they run,” he laughed between hearty bites of meat and potatoes to everyone’s entertainment.
Turner looked at Farmer, “Are you and Ms. Spade going to oversee the distribution of the genetic material yourselves?”
“Um, Helen is only on loan from her employer in a different field so to speak,” Farmer avoided to reveal specifics, “but yes, I will most likely plan and oversee the integration of the DNA into the local gene pool.”
“Actually,” Helen Spade spoke up, “I was thinking of staying on the project and helping you out with the data processing,” she added hoping not to sound too eager. 
“Really? This is great,” Farmer’s face lit up as if the summer sun just had come up, “I sure can use your help in that department as we all have seen.”
A slight shade of red merged into his healthy tan when he saw the amused nods and smiles around the table. 
“What?” he said with a helpless gesture and turned back to concentrate on the food in front of him. That really got everybody’s attention and he and Spade had to endure friendly stabs from all directions. 
Later that night a curious yellow cat, stirred up by the soft creak of wooden floor boards, was the only witness to see Helen Spade sneaking up to the second floor of the farm’s guest house and slip into Tim Farmer’s room like a shadow. The cat meowed and smiled and went on her way knowing that all was well in her world. 
The genetic scanning progressed at a rate that by far exceeded anything the team could have hoped for. Whoever Lilly Ann asked for samples of crops or life stock brought their finest examples to donate their genetic codes. At one point it was obvious that they would have to make due with a choice selection of data because their available memory filled up at a neck breaking rate. There were all kinds of grains they had never heard of before, corn of various size and color, native and exotic fruit and vegetables as well as all kinds of animals, from cows to pigs and sheep and goats to llamas, horses, donkeys and ostriches. They also collected grass, brush and tree DNA samples to give them a fuller picture of the overall genetic makeup of the region. 
After a little over two weeks of tireless work during the day and delightful food, drink and entertainment in the evenings the time grew closer when they would have to call their mission completed for the time being and plan for their return trip and the work that awaited them once they got home. 
“I talked to the weather girls this morning,” Lilly Ann said to Taylor after supper one night, “they said it’s going to rain. Five maybe six days from now it will start and keep raining and storming for a few weeks.”
“The weather girls?” Taylor asked with raised eyebrows.
“Yes, Julie and Tracy,” she explained, “they can read the weather and know it in advance. They have never been wrong.” 
“I guess that means that we have to get going,” Taylor acknowledged with a sigh, “The airplane is parked without shelter and I can’t fly it through a storm. I’ll tell the others, we’ll leave tomorrow at dawn.” 
Hunt, Farmer and Spade took the news without much emotion. They had had a good time up there in the mountains but they were also looking forward to get going with implementing the genetic data they had collected. Farmer and Spade could not wait to explore their newfound closeness in the privacy of their own world so they were in high spirits when they prepared their backpacks and gear for the journey back home. 
Taylor stepped out into the quiet darkness of the barnyard to find Lilly Ann sitting on a hay wagon contemplating the straw she was gnawing on. He knew that this was most likely their last chance to talk in private in a long time. 
“Who is Leila?” Taylor asked her without being fully aware of what the question was really about.
Lilly Ann looked at him thoughtfully and hesitated for a moment.
“Where did you hear that name?” she asked back.
“I didn’t,” Taylor replied slowly, “when I thought of you this morning the name Leila popped into my mind and kinda got stuck there. Who is she?”
“Interesting,” Lilly Ann did not really know how to answer that question, “let’s just say she is a very good friend of mine who has a habit of making an appearance in strange places or so it seems. Let’s just leave it at that for now.” 
She jumped off her seat onto the sidewalk and snuck her arm under his, pulling him back into the house. 
“Let’s have a drink and a toast to your journey,” she said, “when good friends are traveling it’s no time to be sad. You know, I can’t miss you if you won’t go away.”
With that little joke her lightheartedness was back in full bloom. 
“Frank,” she shouted through the hallway, “our friends are leaving tomorrow, bring out your best schnapps we have to celebrate!” 
It was an intense but short celebration, for the travelers’ minds were already set on the road that laid ahead. What a glorious, wondrous and enriching visit it had been with the forgotten people of the mountains of Oz.




Chapter 6: Geronimo!!!




Taylor had said his goodbye to Lilly Ann and their other newfound friends with a strange feeling of sadness. It wasn’t in his personality to abandon a mission or his responsibilities, but the experiences of the last few days stood in such exhilarating contrast to the only way of life he had ever known that it was hard for him to turn his back and face the path that he had chosen. He was determined to return to Irving Sector and help introduce the DNA samples they had collected into farms and ranches all over the Southern regions. The prospect of flying to the various deployment sites on a daily basis with full support of the Council spurred his desire to get back and deliver the rich treasure they had collected. 
Packed with their personal gear and with an abundant food supply for their journey Taylor, Hunt, Spade and Farmer started to trace back their steps that had brought them to the mountain colony a little more than two weeks ago. This time though, they knew exactly where they were headed and how long it would take them to get there. Taylor hoped that the hike back to the airplane would take only two days since they would save the time they had used to explore the surrounding forest before. 
The weather girls’ predictions of a change in conditions already showed promise to be accurate. Scattered low hanging, dark clouds were slowly wallowing through the valleys driven by a gusty southeastern wind. It was hard to predict for an outsider how rapidly these clouds would get bunched up against the rising terrain to form a solid shield of rain. The sun had warmed up the mountains considerably in the last few weeks so there was ample energy available to be burned off in electric storms. 
Taylor was glad to be on his way. He had no desire to lose his airplane to the elements and get stranded in the mountains with no reasonable transportation back to their civilization. The looming weather situation was in all the conversations throughout their two-day hike. Farmer was forging plans of how to organize a separate department in Meyer’s research labs to have the resources and freedom to effectively utilize the genetic database they had created. His excitement and enthusiasm were infectious but every now and then one of them would cast a glance to the changing skies and they would be reminded of the precarious situation they might find themselves in if they did not get to the plane in time before the storms arrived. They were caught in small patches of rain several times during the first day, so when Hunt heard the growling of thunder hours before dawn on the second morning of their journey he urged the others to cut sleep short and take up the hike right away. 
Lightheartedness from the days in the mountains gave way to urgency and determination. They upped their pace to get to the landing site as quickly as possible and by early afternoon it seemed as if they had come away only slightly inconvenienced by the few showers they had to cut across. The sight of the makeshift airstrip and the undisturbed airplane gave them new confidence in their timely departure before the storms would be a factor. Distant thunder had reminded them all morning of the things to come but it seemed that the weather was in no hurry to move up the mountain range. 
Like the well-organized team they had become since they first met, the travelers prepared the airplane for flight. Covers were removed and stowed, equipment and personal effects loaded into the cargo bay behind the back seats and Taylor was busy checking fuel reserves, engine condition and the overall airworthiness of the plane. 
It took them less than an hour until everyone was strapped into their seats, doors closed and Taylor and Hunt working through the preflight checklist. Taylor taxied the plane to the downwind end of the field to give them enough room to clear the tall trees on the southern side. He checked the engine instruments and the flight controls for one last time. “Hold on to something, this might get a bit bumpy,” he announced through the intercom before he pushed the throttle all the way forward to give them full engine power. 
The plane gained speed reluctantly while hopping and bobbing over the various bumps in what was left of the once smooth tarmac. Steadily the small engine propelled them forward to a speed suitable for getting airborne. Taylor allowed the plane to leave the ground and kept it floating in ground effect while it rapidly gained speed. At the precise moment he smoothly pulled back the stick easing them into flight. 
Pulling with all its might the engine managed to hurdle them over the trees at the end of the field. Once outside the protected pocket of air that the mountains had provided the plane bounced and rolled in the wind gusts and Taylor had his hands full keeping altitude and staying on course. They could see how the clouds continued to move up from the flatlands, gaining energy and turbulence along the way. From their front row seats in the sky the towering cumulus clouds all around them painted a clear picture of how close they had gotten to being held hostage on the mountain by the forces of nature. 
Taylor chose a course that would keep his airplane the furthest away from the ominous clouds. No words were spoken in the cabin and every soul aboard tried to keep faith in their capable pilot and the untarnished record of the little airplane. Spade and Farmer had each other’s hands clenched in a tight grip to give support and comfort for the other in this for them unfamiliar situation. Hunt sat in the right front seat and stoically pointed out cloud developments for Taylor to be aware of. They had climbed through three thousand feet when the cloud density ahead seemed to decrease. The blue specks of sky blinking through the grey and white of the storm clouds were more frequent and the outside temperature was slowly rising to a more comfortable level. Just a few more cloud formations to pass and they would be clear of the threatening conditions. 
There was no warning. Suddenly the airplane was engulfed in glistering sizzling white light and thunder exploded all around them. Two seconds later the show was over.
 “What the...” cursed Taylor into the panicked screams of his travel mates. The cabin was filled with the smell of gasoline and a moment later flames began to lick out under the instrument cluster. “Lightning strike! Everyone out!” he exclaimed into the intercom, “Jump, count to three and pull the D-ring!”
“The DNA recorder!” Farmer complained, “I can’t leave without it.” He climbed over the back seat into the cargo compartment and started digging for his prized equipment. 
“Make quick, I don’t know how long the engine will keep running,” replied Taylor while he motioned to the others to get out of the plane right away. Relieved he saw the first two parachutes open to guide Hunt and Spade safely to the ground. 
Precious moments were lost while Farmer pulled the recorder unit out of their luggage to return triumphantly to the passenger cabin. With horror on his face he saw the pilot seat engulfed in flames and Taylor without his parachute sitting in the right front seat trying to will a few more seconds of flight out of the laboring aircraft. “Jump!” he shouted, “I will try to make it back to the landing site!” He pushed Farmer out the door with his left hand while holding on to the control stick with his right. Seeing that Farmer’s chute had safely deployed he turned the plane around ever so slowly to fly it back to where they had come from. 
Farmer, Spade and Hunt floated safely to the ground while they helplessly watched the damaged plane descend steeply in a Northeastern direction. It disappeared behind a mountain ridge out of their sight leaving a dark billowing trail of smoke in the sky. They could not see when the engine finally gave up with a last sputter and a loud bang with Taylor trying to get closer to the ground in controlled flight. He was still about 300 feet above ground when the intense heat became too much to bear and he decided to bail out of the airplane. He opened the door and turned his head for one last look onto the place that had brought so many hours of joy for him. The reflection of flames on a polished piece of metal suddenly reminded him of a life motto that he had placed there. It read, “Life is not a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving safely in one pretty and well preserved piece, but to skid across the line broadside, thoroughly used up, worn out, leaking oil, shouting ‘Geronimo!’ (unknown author).” 
A satisfied smile claimed Taylor’s face as he stepped out of the cabin.
“Did all that,” he thought with a feeling of peace overflowing inside him, “did all that and more.”
He let go of the door handle and while he was plummeting in free fall towards the pine trees below, the mountain ridge echoed back the exclamation mark to his life, “Geronimooooo!!!”
Hunt had kept an eye on the other two parachutes and tried to identify and remember landmarks and reference points on the horizon in the direction of their landing sites so he would be able to meet up with his two surviving travel companions after they were safely on the ground. It took him over two hours of shouting their names and fighting his way through thick underbrush before he found Helen Spade who was trying to free herself from the parachute that had been tangled up in the dense branches of a batch of pine trees. Together they were able to cut her free and get her safely to the ground. 
“Did you see the plane go down?” Spade asked afraid of the answer that she knew already. Hunt was not in the mood to let worry about the fate of his friend diminish his drive to get all of them out of this mess and safely back to the central camps. 
“I didn’t see Taylor jump, I’m sure he had his reasons. He can take care of himself,” he barked, “we came out of situations much worse than this all right before. I’m not going to write off this old raccoon before I danced at his funeral. Let’s go find Farmer, I bet we’ll find him about three miles from here in this direction.” He pointed at a distinct mountain peak in the distance. It was all they could do at the moment anyway and he did not want to lose precious time. 
After about half a mile of tracking through dense brushwork they reached a stretch of lighter vegetation with tall pine trees spaced farther apart and not much vegetation in-between. They were able to increase their pace and reached the spot where Hunt had thought they would find Farmer some two hours later. It did not take much shouting for them to hear Farmer’s answer back. He came running down a steep slope towards them almost knocking over Helen Spade as he embraced her. 
“I got the recorder but Mr. Taylor’s parachute was on fire so he couldn’t jump. He was trying to fly back to where we came from. When I lost sight of him the plane was still flying.” His words flooded out of his mouth, as he wanted to say everything at the same time. “Are you guys all right? I can’t believe it, lightning for crying out loud! Do you think Mr. Taylor is ok?” He just could not stop to talk. 
“Get a grip Farmer,” Spade whispered and kissed him softly on the lips to stop the stream of words. “It’s all right.” 
They both turned to Cody Hunt who was processing what he had just heard. 
“It makes no sense to try to find Taylor,” he finally concluded, “If he made it let’s pray that someone from the colony will find him. They seem to have a way of knowing what they can’t know and of doing the impossible.” 
He looked the others in the eyes and added, “We now have a legacy to fulfill. For all we know Taylor gave his life saving the DNA data. Let’s make sure we make good use of it.”
The three of them sat down to figure out where they were and what the quickest way would be to make it back to Irving Sector. They had to be wary of any contact with locals as long as they were outside the protective reach of the Council. Their passports would give them freedom to travel through any area that acknowledged the authority of the Council and the seize fire agreements but it was uncertain how far north these had any merit. 
They agreed to travel the back roads and live off the land as much as possible. With Hunt’s and Farmer’s skills to procure food and water from the wild they would not have any trouble surviving. They would have to cover a distance of about four hundred miles, which they should be able to cross within about three to four weeks. If they were able to arrange for some form of transportation it might be less. 
In the end they were lucky. After only two weeks of hiking Arkansas’ back roads they spotted a South Central military convoy close to the Texas border. Hunt made secretly contact with one of the drivers and after revealing his credentials they were offered a ride to Irving Sector. Fifteen days after that fateful lightning strike the trio was back in their familiar surroundings ready to start their new lives. 
The implementation of the Taylor Gene Pool was an unprecedented success. It took many months of preparations and small-scale trials before a wide spread organized distribution was approved by the different governing bodies of several regions. The prospect of substantially improved food resources though, instilled hope throughout the fabric of society that by far surpassed the initial scope of the project. Food brings people together, an old European saying, proved true in many ways unimaginable without the foresight and determination of one man in search for a better steak. Taylor DNA became a trademark throughout the Western hemisphere for superior breeding stock of all kinds of farm animals and vegetables. Farmer, Spade and Hunt stayed together as a team for many years successfully improving upon the original set of genetic data without losing the primary goal of purity and originality out of sight. 
Taylor pigs make better pork - who would have thought?
Jack and Joe Jack lived in the woods. They were men of burly build, dressed in rough denim pants, colorful flannel shirts and thick woolen jackets. They looked alike, thought alike, dreamed alike and when they talked they talked alike. They were brothers, not by birth but in spirit. They spent most of their days cutting down trees. You could say they were lumberjacks, what a coincidence. 
They not only cut down trees, they also cleaned the branches off the trunks, debarked them and piled them up in elaborate ten feet high clusters to dry the wood for many years. Every year in spring they rebuilt these piles so the moisture would escape the logs evenly without compromising the integrity of the wood grain. You see, these were no ordinary logs and Jack and Joe Jack were no ordinary lumberjacks. Jack and Joe Jack were artists. They carved blissfully inspired symbols of faith out of the best-cured and oldest logs. Their artwork was on display on almost every street corner and public place in Flugerton and the surrounding areas. 
One day in spring Jack and Joe Jack saw a big shiny bird come down from the sky with and angry scream, sail across an opening in the forest, lift up high again just to return and land on the grass. Four people they had never seen before climbed out of the bird and after some clowning around started to march towards Flugerton. Jack and Jo Jack did not have any quarrels with strangers but they also were not in the mood to converse with anyone but each other or about anything than the woods and the carvings. So they sent off a message to the good people of Flugerton that visitors were on their way and went about their business with the trees and the logs. 
Two Sundays and then some later the strange folks came back the same way they had traveled up the valley just in time before the great storms would engulf the mountains. Jack and Joe Jack observed them climb back into the metal bird and hoppedihop across the meadow before taking to the air into the stormy clouds. Jack and Joe Jack looked at each other incredulously. Why would someone be flying into the storm? They watched the bird grow smaller and smaller as it bounced on the wind gusts and fell into air pockets. It was almost out of sight when the first lightning of the season struck. It was a big one too. A huge beam of light span from one cloud tower to another followed by a mighty thunder roar. 
When the lightning ended there was a small back cloud wobbling where the bird had been before. The black cloud grew bigger and so did the bird. It was flying slowly and its movements were unsure as if it had tried too much of Joe Jack’s good stuff. The metal bird sank lower and lower with its scream hoarse and coughing. When the scream of the bird went quiet it was close enough that Jack and Joe Jack could see flames of fire licking inside and out. The bird was flying about twice the height of the tallest trees when the door on one side opened and a man fell out. 
His scream echoed through the valley, “Geronimo!” He must be an old native of the land to conjure up the spirit of the great warrior. 
Jack and Joe Jack looked at each other and without words started to hurry in the direction where the man had fallen. Maybe Geronimo was still alive. 
“Make haste,” Joe Jack said as the first raindrops fell. 
“All in good time,” said Jack while scurrying down the slopes just as quickly, “the rain will cool his blood. If he survived the fall he’ll live.” 
Not minding the thorns and branches whipping their faces and tearing their clothes, the two men ran through the woods that they called home. Years of life in the forest had tuned their instincts to the spirit of all things in the wild, living or not. Direction and distance were sharp in their minds, a knowing as old as the trees and rocks themselves. They both heard the plane slowly settling onto the trees, breaking through the crowns with great fanfare and slicing to the ground. Rain had squelched the fires. They knew they were close, just a few more minutes of pressing on. 
“There!” it was Jack who pointed uphill where an olive green suit laid on top of a tall pile of pine branches and bark. They both knew too well who had left them there, discarded after the trunk had been cleaned to a log and then hauled away. 
“The branches must have broken his fall,” the older one, Joe Jack, replied. 
They climbed up the slope in a hurry and found the man still breathing. His head was wrapped in the leather jacket that he was wearing, protecting his face. There was no light in his eyes and his breath was labored and shallow but for having endured such a great fall he seemed hardly bent out of shape.
“Mister,” Joe Jack tried to evoke a response from the unmoving man, “Mister, can you hear me?” 
He shook his head when his face lit up with an idea. 
“Geronimo,” he whispered softly like a prayer. 
John Taylor’s eyes flew open, “Geronimo?” he uttered in a blink of consciousness before his painful scream was stifled by a merciful darkness that reclaimed his mind. 
“He’ll be all right,” Jack announced confidently, “let’s get him back to Flugerton, and ask Lilly what to do.”
They used the branches they had cut some days before to build a stretcher, strong but light and pillow soft. Joe Jack cradled Taylor like a baby and eased him onto the branches. He took off his jacket and covered the man to protect him from the rain. Without another word they picked up their load. They knew exactly where to cut through the woods to the wide road that led up the mountain. A day and a night and a day they walked without rest. Raindrops were their drink and hard bacon strips from their pockets were their meals. Not a single false step, not a stumble or a shake disturbed the peace of the dark that Taylor had settled in. 
It was almost night when they reached the outskirts of town. Their steps sounded foreign to them on the cobble stone streets but they spoke of the end of their journey. Just a short stretch of road further and they would be able to relieve their aching arms and backs of their cargo. 
In a brightly lit window on one of the first houses they passed a little girl’s face framed by a wild head of chestnut curls appeared. The odd sight of a man being carried by two let her gasp for words in excitement.
“This is Lilly Ann’s friend,” she exclaimed running back into the house, “Mommy, Lilly Ann’s friend is back. Jack and Joe Jack are carrying him, quick, I think he is hurt.” 
The house door flew open and the little girl came running out dragging her mother along. 
“He had a bad fall,” Joe Jack was an epitome of understatement, “Lilly, what shall we do with him?”
“He is Lilly Ann’s friend,” the girl repeated, “she’ll know what to do.” 
“Go on, lead the way,” Jack requested.
Lilly grabbed his jacket and started to drag him down the street directing them to the house that she knew Lilly Ann lived in. 
“Lilly Ann! Lilly Ann!” she started to shout half a street block away. “Your friend is back, Lilly Ann!” 
The small wooden house was built of angles that were not quite right with windows and doors all of different sizes, not a straight line in sight. The rounded wall panels were decorated in colorful stucco reminiscent of gingerbread decorations. It looked as if one could just break off a piece and stick it into one’s mouth for a quick snack or desert. Lights came on behind sugar-glazed windows before the door swung open with a gentle creak. Lilly Ann stood in her slippers and robe to inquire about the tumult the little girl was causing. 
She spotted the lifeless figure on the makeshift stretcher.
“Taylor? John Taylor?” the humor escaped her that she used the same words that she first heard from him to greet him back into her life. 
“What happened?” she turned to Joe Jack while pushing them through the door into her house. 
“He took a fall,” Joe Jack repeated his observation. “The metal bird was struck by lightning and caught fire. The other ones floated on sails to the ground but this one came back and fell out of the bird into the trees. He’ll be all right,” he added with the confidence of a child. 
Lilly Ann had them lay Taylor on the guest bed and turned around to one of the people who had wandered into the house to see what the commotion was about. 
“Send for Edie May and tell her that someone is hurt. She has a potion that will keep him asleep for a while.”
Edie May came and sent all the visitors home. She had a look at Taylor and expertly felt his pulse and temperature. 
“He is strong,” she said to Lilly Ann looking for tell tale signs of how she was feeling, “he is going to be fine. Just try not to forget who you really are. Remember that all is well.” 
She left a small flask with a strong herbal potion and instructions to wet Taylor’s lips with a few drops from it every few hours so he would stay asleep. Every eight or ten hours he was to be allowed to wake up so he would drink some water. 
Lilly Ann sat at the guest bed all night remembering the time they had spent together after they had met that fateful day on the highway. She could not help to giggle every time she thought about his face when he saw her for the first time hanging upside down from the tree. She still felt the devilish fun she had had teasing him while guiding him and his friends in circles through the woods. 
There was something about John Taylor that sat him apart from his travel mates. She did not know if he knew that he was different. Now he had come back, against his will, or so it seemed, and they would have plenty of time to find out.
The first time she did not re-administer the sleeping drugs so he would wake up to drink he opened his eyes and looked at her without recognition.
“Is this heaven?” he asked with a drug-induced smile.
“No, this is Flugerton,” Lilly Ann replied softly, brushed his hair out of his eyes and held his head to help him drink.
 




Chapter 7: Lilly Ann




Three nights and three days Lilly Ann sat at Taylor’s bed. Edie May came by every now and then to check on his condition. On the third day she advised to slowly reduce the dosage of the sleep-inducing drug to give Taylor a chance to regain conciseness more frequently. Most times when he opened his eyes he just groaned in pain and quickly fell back into the soothing darkness. His question from the first night remained the only words he spoke.
Visitors came and left throughout the days and nights to keep Lilly Ann company, bring her food, brew some tea or just to see the man who had fallen out of the sky and lived. Fritz Neuwirt was one of the most frequent guests, always bringing some favorite dish for his granddaughter, sitting with her recalling John Taylor’s hilarious first night in Flugerton at the Schwyzer House. 
“I think he knew he would be back,” he tried to keep the conversation going, “but I don’t think this is what he had in mind.”
“I knew it too,” Lilly Ann said softly. “I guess he couldn’t leave and he couldn’t stay. It’s a dilemma that can tear a man apart.” 
“His friends made it out all right,” Fritz added, “They’ve been seen tracking south so I guess they are trying to make it back to where they came from. They probably think John didn’t make it. I wonder why he didn’t use his parachute.” 
“Jack said there was a fire,” Lilly Ann mused, “who knows.”
They both sat quietly for a moment with their eyes closed, trying to get back to the lighter beginning of their conversation.
“I can’t feel my legs,” Taylor’s cracking voice startled both of his hosts, “My whole body hurts but I can’t feel my legs. Where am I?” 
“Good morning Taylor, John Taylor,” Lilly Ann made an effort to keep a light tone in her voice, “you are back in Flugerton. I am Lilly Ann, do you remember? This is my house.”
Taylor’s eyes got back some of their clarity but his face was still contorted from pain.
“Yes, Lilly Ann, I remember,” he was fighting for words before sinking back to sleep. 
“I can’t feel my legs,” he repeated groaning with his eyes closed, “are they still there?”
“Let me see,” Lilly Ann couldn’t help but teasing him, “one, two, three, four,” she lifted the blanket and took a peek underneath, “five. Yep, all there. Sorry, we had to undress you,” she giggled, “your flight suit was in shreds and we thought you wouldn’t object for us to apply some ointment to your burns.”
“Give the man a break,” her grandfather scolded her laughingly, “hasn’t he suffered enough? I’ll leave you two alone. Don’t want to get in between this one.” Still laughing he retreated out of the house. 
“Do you make a joke of everything?” Taylor frowned at her.
“Oh no,” Lilly Ann protested, “I only joke about really important stuff. I get very serious about the little things like cleaning my toenails or tying my shoelaces. Are you hungry?”
Taylor was looking at her with a mixture of annoyance and appreciation, he wasn’t quite sure yet which one he was wanting to keep the upper hand. Amazingly though, for a moment there he had forgotten all about the questionable shape his body was in and he was able to formulate a clear thought without having to fight against passing out again. 
Food would have been furthest from his mind in his current condition but for some reason at the mention of it he did feel hungry. 
“How long have I been out?” he was wondering. 
“A few days,” Lilly Ann answered vaguely. 
“How did I get here? Are my friends all right? Did a doctor examine me? Do you even have a doctor here, or a hospital?” The more Taylor grew awake the more an avalanche of questions stormed through his head. “How is my airplane?”
Lilly Ann gently put her index finger across his lips.
“No more questions for now,” she said softly but determined, “you are safe, your friends are safe, that is all that counts. You look hungry,” she changed the subject, “Grandpa brought a wonderful chicken soup with little meat dumplings. That’ll get us some of your strength back.”
“I need to see a doctor,” Taylor insisted, “I need to know what’s wrong with my legs.”
“First you eat, then you sleep some more and then we’ll talk about everything. I promise.” Lilly Ann put a deliciously fragrant bowl of soup on the nightstand and got ready to feed Taylor. 
“Thank you, but I can eat myself,” he pouted. Intense pain shooting through his bruised arm and shoulder quickly ended this short-lived attempt at regaining some control. He sank back into the pillows defeated. The soup still smelled enticing. 
“Be a good boy and open up wide,” Lilly Ann had a devilish good time feeding and teasing Taylor and even though he would not ever have admitted it he did not feel so reluctant anymore either. 
The warmth of the soup and the love and care it was prepared and delivered with did wonders to Taylor’s physical and mental condition. He forgot for a moment all about his unanswered questions and his uncertain future and just lost himself in the good feeling that permeated his body. Lilly Ann had not even placed the spoon back into the empty soup bowl before Taylor slipped back into a peaceful slumber. 
Lilly Ann had pulled a little red divan next to Taylor’s bed and had made herself comfortable with a big pillow and a soft quilt. She was pleasantly surprised when the first interruption of her sleep was the morning sun peeking through the half closed drapes and a gentle rap at the front door. Her face was caught between a yawn and a smile when she looked upon her guest sound asleep and breathing easily. Her feet found the slippers they were searching for as she got up to greet the first visitor of the day. 
“I brought some fresh bread for breakfast and a bowl of strawberries,” Edie May said and kissed Lilly Ann on the cheek, “you must be hungry and our friend needs to keep his strength up too.”
“Am I glad to see you,” Lilly Ann hugged the other woman and added, “Taylor was starting to ask a lot of questions yesterday but all I could do was calm him with some of grandpa’s chicken soup. He fell asleep right afterwards.”
“That’s good,” Edie May said confidently, “he ate, slept and his mind is working. I think we are in good shape.”
They both went back into the house and started to prepare breakfast. Taylor awoke to the sound of dishes and kettles being moved about somewhere in the house and an enticing smell of fresh bread and herbal tea was lingering in the air. The screaming pain from the days before had given way to a dull throbbing in his head and back and the burns and bruises all over his body started to itch more than sting, all in all not a terrible shape to be in after jumping out of a burning airplane three days earlier. His mood however came crushing down at the first thought of his legs. He still did not have any feeling or control from his pelvis down. Panic began to spread through his thoughts. 
“Oh, you are up, good morning,” Lilly Ann cheerfully rushed into the room and opened the window drapes, “How is Geronimo feeling today?” 
Taylor looked at her with raised eyebrows as if to suggest that she had lost her mind.
“Of course, how could you know” she explained at the unspoken question mark on his face, “your tale is all over town. Jack and Joe Jack heard your battle scream as you jumped from the plane. Geronimo!” she screamed at the top of her lungs until the word turned into uncontrollable laughter. “You are a strange cookie, John Taylor. You’ll have to tell me what it means some time.”
Taylor did not know if he should join Lilly Ann in her laughing fit or if he should throw pillows at her. How could she poke fun at him at the sight of his obvious misery? Despite the nagging feeling that he was betrayed some well deserved empathy or even pity he could not help himself but chuckle at her outrageous display of disrespect for the distress he found himself in. 
“Now this is a death bed I could get used to,” an unfamiliar voice said from the door to the hallway, “we have not yet been introduced properly and if we wait for this laughing bag it might never happen,” she pointed at Lilly Ann who was still having a ball with herself. 
“My name is Edie May,” the woman said and added with an ever so faint wink of her eye, “I took your clothes off.” 
She waited if her words had any impact on Taylor at all. 
“Edie May is our keeper of the Lilly-Book,” Lilly Ann boasted only earning herself more raised eyebrows. 
“I think this has time, dear,” Edie May changed the subject, “John, are you up to some breakfast?”
Taylor didn’t quite know how to respond. It seemed that whenever some explanation was in order to shine light on the confusing situation he was in, the subject of food got in the way of satisfying his curiosity. However, it seemed as if he would have ample time to sort everything out so why not follow their lead for now. 
“Well, Edie May, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I do have burning questions with no answers as of yet, but if you ladies say it is time to eat, let’s eat.” Taylor tried to be on his best manners. Edie May seemed to have some higher status in this community and her more reserved demeanor stood in stark contrast to Lilly Ann’s little girl antics. He almost felt as if he had arrived at the grown up table and he liked that. 
Bread and butter, ham and honey, strawberries and tea appeared on a serving tray next to Taylor’s bed. The tableware was an eclectic collection fitting the house and its owner. No two pieces of porcelain or silverware were the same and some of them looked as if they were museum pieces from long forgotten centuries. The arrangement of plates, saucers and utensils on the tray exuded an artistic quality akin to still life paintings from the great masters of old. 
For the second time in as many days Taylor felt the undeniable positive effect the food had on his general wellbeing. The tea was rich in aroma and had a strong tart aftertaste that reminded him of root brews he had enjoyed while visiting with natives in Alaska. Every sip he took made him more awake and alert. Layers of veil seemed to be pulled back from his clouded mind every minute he spent listening to the two women in his company talk about everyday things. It somehow struck him odd that no one would turn their attention to his dilemma or to find a way out of it but he felt warm and protected in their presence so he tried to relax and just go with it. 
A man can only eat so much or stand female conversation for so long, so John Taylor could not help himself but put an end to the lovely time they were having. 
“How did I get here?” he asked suddenly, “I remember jumping out of the plane but nothing until I woke up here. I was sure I would be gone before I hit the ground. I don’t understand.”
Lilly Ann and Edie May exchanged a quick glance and with an almost unnoticeable shrug of her shoulders Edie May answered, “Jack and Joe Jack saw you fly off and then the lightning strike and they saw you come back and fall out of the plane.” 
All three of them felt the mood change in the room. It was as if a cold damp cloud had wandered into the room and caught a hold of them. Lilly Ann felt a great temptation to clear out the air with a joke but just for once she decided to let the situation run its natural course. Maybe if all the questions were asked and all the answers were given they could continue working on a solution just as they did since the moment Taylor had been brought in. 
“Who are Jack and Joe Jack?” Taylor was curious, “Why did they follow us and we didn’t see them?”
“They didn’t follow you,” Lilly Ann explained, “they are always working in the woods, cutting logs for their sculptures. They saw you when you first arrived and they saw you leave. When they heard your scream falling out of the plane they went looking for you.”
“You fell into a fresh stack of branches and tree bark they had left there a few days earlier. It must have broken your fall,” Edie May continued, “They saw that you were unconscious but alive so they built a makeshift stretcher and carried you here. When they brought you into town Lilly recognized you and told them to bring you to Lilly Ann. Not much to it really.”
“What do you mean, not much to it,” Taylor looked at her incredulously, “this is a bona fide miracle. How can I ever thank Jack and Joe Jack or you two, for that matter. I owe them and you my life.” The drama and excitement had completely wiped away his calm and relaxed attitude from only a minute before.
“I guess you could see it like that,” Edie May acknowledged, “but we would rather you didn’t. You see, there was a time when a man or woman who saved another’s life became responsible for their wellbeing and for all their deeds. That is a big burden to carry around. How about we say that we all did what we thought was the right thing to do given the circumstances and leave it at that. Things might get very complicated otherwise.” 
Her words were like the soft sand on the beach subduing the raging wave that crashed onto the shore. It took Taylor a few seconds to absorb what he just had heard. His face brightened and an imaginative mind could almost say they saw a smile play around his lips. 
“I remember saying the exact words more than once to men and women I had the opportunity to help. I just never thought I would find myself on the receiving end of them.” He nodded in understanding. This thought he could live with, funny how that works. “Thank you for tending to my burns and scrapes and of course for putting me up and feeding me. I will have to find a way to repay you somehow.” He could not completely let go of the idea of quid-quo-pro yet. 
“I could break my car so you can fix it again,” Lilly Ann suggested only half jokingly. 
“I don’t think we will have to go that far to satisfy John’s desire for remuneration,” Edie May cautioned smilingly, “but there is something, John Taylor, that you could do for us.”
“Anything,” Taylor said eagerly, “just name it.”
“Hmm, in a little while,” Edie May wanted to get all the open issues out of the way first, “how are your legs doing?”
“I don’t know,” Taylor was getting agitated again. “I can’t feel them and I can’t move them. I guess my back was hurt worse than it appears from the outside. I need to get to a hospital and under the care of a good surgeon quickly.”
“This might be a bit tricky,” Edie May responded cautiously, “we don’t really have physicians around here at all. We also do not have the means to transport you off the mountain safely and quickly. The other question would be where to bring you in the first place. The next suitable hospital might be hundreds of miles away.” 
“Are you saying that I am stuck here without proper medical care?” Taylor’s feelings whirled between anger and hopelessness, “This place seems so happy and healthy and civilized and you are telling me you have no doctors?”
“That is true,” Edie May was trying to make herself understood, “you see, we are happy and healthy and for the most part civilized, that’s why we don’t need doctors. If one of us happens to injure themselves once in a while they usually heal very quickly.” 
“It’s true,” Lilly Ann insisted, “another good feeling meal or two and you’ll be good as new.”
“Is that so?” Taylor felt the urge to leash out at somebody, “This is no scraped knee that you can blow a kiss on and it’s all good. This is a broken back and I don’t know about you, but I sure don’t know many people running around with broken backs that miraculously healed by themselves.” 
“Well, there is Trevor and Jimmy who fell off a cliff, Mariah who’s horse bucked in a storm, and...” Lilly Ann’s voice was trailing off as she saw that her list of names did not have the desired effect on Taylor. He was furious. 
“May I ask you something, John,” Edie May’s soft voice had an instant effect of deescalating the emotional roller coaster that was raging in the room, “how many people do you know who broke their back and walked after being under the care of a good surgeon?”
The question struck Taylor like a bolt of lightning. His eyes grew big and his face turned white as paper. 
“None,” he said with a lifeless voice, “none. I am so sorry, it’s my own damn fault that I am in this situation and I blame you of all people, who saved my life and care for me. I am so sorry.”
He turned his face to the wall in a vain attempt to hide the fear in his face. 
“Don’t be sorry on our behalf,” Edie May said calmly, “you are young, you are strong, you are smart and you are alive. It’s all up to you how your life will unfold from here on.”
Taylor turned his head to look her in the eyes and nodded slowly. 
“About that thing that you could do for us,” Edie May got up from her chair signaling that her work was done for the day. There was a wicket twinkle playing in her eyes as she added walking out the door, “Dance with us for summer solstice. Sing with rapture and dance like a dervish, would you?” 
Her giggling when she walked down the hall was so out of character that Taylor couldn’t help but succumb to the smile and the feeling of hope radiating from his stomach. 
“Is she for real?” he asked Lilly Ann. 
“As real as they come,” she answered tucking him in and blowing a kiss on his forehead. “You’ll feel better after you sleep a bit.” 
Lilly Ann picked up the tray with the breakfast dishes and tip toeing she left the room. 
The next morning Taylor felt almost his old self again. Lilly Ann had spent the night in her own bedroom upstairs confident that her house guest would be all right on his own. The rain was still falling on and off and distant thunder told a tale of storms raging higher up the mountains. The soothing splatter of water drops against the bedroom window made the fact that he was confined to this small room almost bearable. 
Lilly Ann chirped her “Good Morning” into the room on her way to the kitchen to get breakfast ready. She came back a moment later to ask if he felt up to scrambled eggs with ham, which Taylor gladly agreed to. 
“One more thing,” he added hesitantly, “do I smell…”
“Oh, don’t worry about that,” Lilly Ann interrupted him, “we’ll get you into a bathtub soon enough.”
“Thank you, that is very helpful,” Taylor answered with a half embarrassed, half amused smile, “What I wanted to ask before you interrupted me was, do I smell coffee? I guess you are right though, I do smell a bit ripe, don’t I.” 
For the first time Taylor saw Lilly Ann for a moment lose her lighthearted cheerfulness. Her face turned an interesting shade of red and it took her several tries to get “I’m so sorry.” out. The moment passed quickly and next thing she was almost on the floor holding her sides, laughing uncontrollably. Still laughing and repeating, “I’m so sorry.” she ran out of the room. She was back a moment later triumphantly holding a small dented metal can in her hand with a faded almost unreadable label. 
“I found this on the cupboards when I first moved into this house,” she said very pleased with herself, “I thought it was some sort of conserved food from way back when the first settlers came. I never threw it out because I thought it was very secretive and exciting and of course in case someone would claim it as their heritage. When you mentioned coffee I remembered that the label reads ‘Illy. Espresso Coffee. Made in Italy’. It is still sealed. Wanna try it?” 
Taylor’s eyes lit up at the sight of the unexpected treasure. He could still remember the first time he had had that kind of coffee in the southern regions during his stint in the armed forces. 
“Did you by any chance also find a strange looking aluminum pot that can be unscrewed in the middle with a metal filter in it?” he asked hoping against hope. 
“Yes, how’d you know?” Lilly Ann asked surprised.
“That’s the pot to cook Espresso coffee,” he explained, “I’ll show you.” 
Lilly Ann went back to the kitchen to find the pot that Taylor was talking about. She hadn’t seen that thing in almost ten years but she knew exactly where she had put it. Behind the jar of dried fennel under a leather-bound journal that she had written in her Sudbury years was a wooden box with old kitchen utensils. She was absolutely positive to find the pot under a pile of bent and tarnished silver ware. 
“Ha,” she exclaimed proud of her chaos controlling genius mind, “don’t anybody ever tell me again that I am not organized.”
She picked up the pot and ran to show it to Taylor. 
“That’s it!” He was excited like a little boy on Christmas morning. 
He watched Lilly Ann carefully peel back the plastic lid from the coffee can and pull the aluminum lid open. A small hiss of air rushing into the can told them that the vacuum seal had not been broken before. The rich aroma of dark roasted, finely ground coffee instantly filled the room. Taylor deeply breathed in the intoxicating fragrance. He intently watched Lilly Ann as she for the first time experienced the overwhelming sensation that tantalized her senses. She just stood there, her eyes closed, lost in the moment, taking in the full sensory onslaught until she was able to make up her mind. 
“Hmm,” she purred softly, “this is nice. What do we do with it now?”
“Put some of the coffee grinds into the filter and press it down. Fill the lower part of the pot half with water and screw it together. Then put it on the stove until you hear it steam and sputter. Then you can pour the coffee into small cups. Voila, Italian espresso.” 
“I’ll be right back,” Lilly Ann said skipping out of the room. 
A few minutes later she came back with two small cups that looked as if they were borrowed from a child’s toy tea party set, filled with steaming hot black aromatic liquid. 
“Be careful not to burn your tongue,” Taylor cautioned, “this really smells exquisite. Thank you.” 
He slowly brought the cup to his lips and loudly slurped the drink. The rich body of coffee taste exploded in his mouth extracting a satisfied moan from him. Lilly Ann followed his example. Her eyes bulged as she tried to decipher the unusual complexity of taste elements that danced on her tongue. It took even longer this time for her to know if she liked the sensation. She decided that she loved it. 
“Whew, oh my goat,” she exclaimed, “I can’t believe I had this in my kitchen all these years and a man had to fall out of the sky to show me. This is wonderful. What a truly royal treat! Thank you, John Taylor,” she added lovingly. 
They sat quietly taking their time to enjoy every sip of the invigorating drink to the fullest. 
“Tell me something,” Taylor finally broke the silence, “I can’t shake the feeling that Edie May could just zap me with a magic wand or something to heal my back and my legs. Am I right? And if so, why would she not just do it?”
Lilly Ann looked long into his eyes wondering how much he wanted to understand already.
“You know how it is,” she decided to take it one step at a time, “you give a man a fish and he eats for a day,” and with her very own understanding of logic and reality she concluded, “you teach a man how to fish, and you’ll never see him again.” There it was again, the giggling and skipping and screaming through the hallways.
“What?” was all Taylor could get out. He knew that there was a method to this madness and he was determined to find out what it was. 
“Cause he will be out fishing with his buddies all the time,” she lectured running out of the room.
 




Chapter 8: Sixty-Eight Seconds




Edie May was back later that morning to check on Taylor’s burns and bruises. She removed the bandages and reapplied a cooling gel with a strong herbal scent to his battered skin. 
“You are healing quickly, John,” she commented satisfied, “It seems the company of our very own town reporter becomes you.”
“Town reporter?” Taylor had that feeling again that he was missing vital information, “I don’t understand.”
“Oh, Lilly Ann didn’t tell you?” Edie May acted surprised, “She writes and sketches our town newspaper, The Flugerton Chronicle, it usually is a weekly edition. Actually, there were some disappointed readers when she missed two weeks while she was playing with you and your friends at the farms. Everybody was so excited that she gave a detailed report the day you left.”
“I didn’t know you had a newspaper,” Taylor was genuinely impressed, “do you have a printing press to produce the copies?”
“Oh no,” Edie May laughed, “Lilly Ann makes two or three copies by hand and sometimes she has one of her apprentices help make a few more. These get handed down from house to house until everyone has seen them. I usually get to keep a copy of each issue in my archives. They are quite hilarious and very creative works of art, you should read the one about your visit.” 
“I was hoping we would make the papers,” Taylor joked, “but this is not exactly what I had in mind. I can’t wait to read it.” 
As if on cue Lilly Ann popped her head through the door. 
“I had a feeling that you were talking about me,” she said innocently, “I hope it was something nice.” 
“We were just talking about your day job, dear,” Edie May replied, “Why didn’t you tell John about the Chronicle?” 
“I guess it never came up,” Lilly Ann shrugged, “There was always something exciting going on. I hardly thought about it myself in all that time. Would you want to see the latest issue?” she asked in Taylor’s direction, “You and your friends are in it, sort of. I’ll fetch it real quick.”
With that she ran out the door. Through the open window Taylor could hear her skipping down the street to see which house still had a copy of her work. Edie May was putting the bandages back on in a skillful pattern that did not put pressure on the sore skin when Lilly Ann was back at the door with a neatly folded stack of roughly cut paper in her hands. 
She handed it to Taylor with the disclaimer, “There is a bit of artistic freedom and abstraction in the way I tell stories. Anyway, here it is.” 
The first thing Taylor noticed was the unusual texture and color of the paper. It was obvious that it was handmade stock and that someone put much effort, time and skill into fabricating the sheets. He marveled at the touch of the paper and the solid yet smooth surface that almost seemed to caress his fingertips. 
“This is astounding paper stock, where did you get this?” he admired the material. 
“I make the paper myself with the help of a few youngsters who want to learn,” Lilly Ann replied not without pride, “We do one big batch every year and it always seems to last long enough for everybody. We make different textures and mix in various ingredients for effect so that every artist or writer can select their favorite. This one is from my personal secret recipe.” 
She ran her hand tenderly over the pages brushing slightly against Taylor’s hand. The electric discharge at their touch could have lit up a room, it definitely lit up Taylor’s face. His eyes searched for Lilly Ann’s trying to sort out the unfamiliar emotions that welled up from his stomach. If butterflies were rhinos he would have been in big trouble. 
Taylor somehow regained his composure and while their eyes were still locked he awarded her his biggest smile and gently removed her hand from the papers that she had not let go of. 
“May I,” he broke the silence, “I am dying to see what your creative genius had to say about me and my travel mates.” 
Suddenly Lilly Ann felt very self conscious about the way she had portrayed the events and characters of the past weeks and how it might look in the eyes of the man who in this moment meant something completely different to her than just seconds ago. 
“I don’t know,” Lilly Ann said slowly while reluctantly relinquishing the issue of the Chronicle to Taylor. 
Edie May was quietly standing by, enjoying the rush of emotions that played out in front of her. Never before had she seen Lilly Ann erupt in such a whirlwind of feeling sensations, leading her to search and find new ways to navigate these uncharted waters. The sweet delicious energy that filled the room tasted to her like a tropical fruit cocktail with just the right amount of rum, salt and spice. It was truly a moment when time stood still and life was created anew. 
Of course like all moments since the beginning of time, this one too passed. Drowned out and shoved back to join eons of past by a chuckle at first, held back out of courtesy, but soon followed by a rapid succession of laughing out loud and violent coughs that shook Taylor’s body and switched over his face with delight and pain. He would not put down the paper to afford himself some rest, tears streaming down his cheeks from laughing that hurt in every muscle and made him cough which hurt even more. 
He turned page after page and drank in the upside-down view of his world that unfolded before him. He could not get enough of the intricate insights into his very own reality spun by a mind so all together different from his. Small things became valuable and important and big things, like he himself, became tiny to give perspective and newness to a familiar world. 
When he was finished with the last page he turned the paper over and read out loud the words on the cover page that accompanied a drawing which was painted over in bright watercolors. 
“Hi, I’m Tshonnie Taiwor Fwyboy. I wanna look how your moo-cowsies and oink-piggies are put together, okey?” Another laughing fit shook his body. 
The picture showed four toddlers lined up next to each other looking up a tree to a little girl hanging upside down from a branch above them. The little boy with the speak bubble had an uncanny resemblance with Taylor down to the squadron patches on his leather flight jacket which were replaced by smiley faces and peace signs. There was a little toddler in a black jump suit with a buzz cut that would have made Cody Hunt proud and he could have sworn this was tiny Farmer and Spade holding hands and blowing kisses at each other. 
“Okey,” he added with a baby voice, quoting the reply of the girl in the tree. 
The next page showed the same lovable characters standing in front of Indian tipis exclaiming synonymously, “Wee arr hungwy!” 
“This is so funny!” 
“Look at this!” 
“How do you come up with this?” Taylor exclaimed in between quoting more passages of cartoons with them chasing incredulously looking calves, sheep and piglets, little Johnny intensely focused on reattaching a wheel to a tricycle. There they were riding on the back of what looked much more like a shiny duck than an airplane. 
The last page showed the little girl clenching a stuffed animal with her tiny hand, looking after four little figures disappearing in the distance saying, “Bye, Bye, Taiwor. Be bwave an come back voon.”
It took all of Taylor’s self control to hide the tears that were flooding his eyes when he saw that last picture. 
“I love it,” he finally said looking up from his reading, “Your observations and the way you reflect them in the drawings are at the same time hilarious and insightful. What a great pleasure and honor to see and read this. Thank you so much for sharing it with me.”
“I am so glad you like my quirky sense of humor, I really am,” Lilly Ann said relieved.
Taylor’s gaze wandered between Lilly Ann and Edie May as he seemed to search for a way to formulate a question. 
“May I ask you something?“ he started not sure where this would lead him, “There are many things that I have seen or heard someone say since I got here that did not make much sense to me. At first I thought it was just a different way you use language that has developed over time but now I begin to believe that this is only part of the whole story. There is something common in the way each of you relate to reality and I get the feeling that it is quite different from what I am used to.”
He tried to read in their faces if what he had said had any impact on them at all. Lilly Ann’s eyes hung on his lips in eager anticipation of what he would say next while Edie May was a picture of serenity. Her inward smile and the time and space transcending depth of her peaceful eyes gave him the courage to go on. 
“For example here, in the copy between the pictures you write, ‘It was a rare adventure to experience fully action oriented people who have no awareness of their vibrational nature or have ever heard of Abraham or the Law of Attraction. I admire their determination with which they accomplish mighty tasks despite their doubts and fears. How would they react upon the discovery that sixty-eight seconds of deliberate focus can replace hours, days or years of diligent labor and struggle?’”, he paused to let the words sink in, “I am not illiterate, but I have no clue what I just read,” he added with some frustration in his voice.
Lilly Ann jumped up from her chair not able to sit still any longer. 
“I knew that he would ask,” she squealed in delight, “I told you Edie May. That was definitely him asking, right John? Can we tell him now, pleeeease?” 
She was impatiently hopping up and down the small room. 
“Can anyone explain to me what’s going on?” Taylor inquired getting a bit uneasy, “What does a broken man have to do around here to get some answers?” he added jokingly. 
“Well, John Taylor,” Edie May turned to him with a promising smile, “You have questions and we will do our best to find answers with you. Just a word of caution, once you understand what we are about to reveal you might want to be a little more careful calling yourself a broken man, but first things first.” 
Lilly Ann pulled the chair closer. She sat on the edge of her seat fidgeting at the building suspense. Taylor looked at her not quite sure what to make of the situation. 
Edie May leaned forward just a little bit to add weight to what she was about to say, “The reason Lilly Ann is so excited is that we usually refrain from offering any information about our philosophies or about our understanding of how our world works to anyone without them specifically asking for it. In fact, we do not ever push any information or teachings onto anyone, not even our young ones, if they don’t express a clear desire to learn about a specific subject. We have a place called Sudbury that is modeled after an ancient schooling experiment where our children go to learn.” 
Taylor listened intently looking back and forth between Lilly Ann and Edie May who continued, “You are correct in your observation that we perceive the world from a different standpoint than probably most people do outside of this valley. It is our most basic believe, and our daily experiences confirm it, that we create our world and our life by what we think, rather than by what we do. And we do not mean this in the sense of a logical, practical succession of deed-follows-thought but in a direct molding of the substance that everything is created of by our thoughts.”
“The passage that you quoted from the Chronicle mentions two of the pillars of our philosophy, the Law of Attraction and its most profound teacher, Abraham.”
“Are you talking about the biblical Abraham?” Taylor asked, “I am familiar with the story but always thought of it as a historical fable of ancient Middle Eastern peoples.”
“Not exactly,” Edie May continued cautiously, “the Abraham we are referring to was a teacher who appeared at the eve of the twentieth century in North America, who left an extensive volume of scripture and supporting documents for us. As we understand it today, Abraham was not a single person but a collective of teachers that spoke at gatherings throughout the country through the voice of a woman by the name of Esther.”
Edie May got the impression that she was losing Taylor quickly to the esoteric direction this talk was veering off to. 
“But that is not the really important stuff, is it?” Lilly Ann came to the rescue, “Remember the first thing that you heard me say when we met on the old highway?” 
“How could I ever forget?” Taylor laughed with restored interest, “You screamed, ‘What is the most important thing?’ Me and the others almost peed our pants the way you scared us.”
“And what was the right answer?” she guided him like mother duck.
“The most important thing is that I feel good, I remember,” Taylor mocked her, “You never cared to explain what that meant, come to think of it.”
“I think you will have to be a little patient with us, John,” Edie May interjected, “for us this is how we have lived for generations. Every little kid knows all about Abraham and Law of Attraction and everything that comes along with it. It is not quite obvious to us where to start explaining it to a novice in the matter.”
“All right,” Taylor had overcome his first spell of doubt and disbelieve, “as things stand I will have a lot of free time on my hands and if you are patient with me, so will I. Maybe we start with the basics. You mentioned Law of Attraction. That seems to be something an engineer like myself can wrap his brain around.” 
“That is a great idea,” Edie May agreed, “why not start with science and go on to the more practical stuff from there.” 
“This is boring,” Lilly Ann complained to the amusement of the two grownups in the room, “That which is likened, onto itself is drawn,” she recited the Law, “There you have it. Can we move on to something more fun now?” 
“Oh dear,” Edie May said laughing, “have we used up our allotment of adult time with you already? I think we might have to give John just a teeny bit more information to chew on so he can understand what you say at least some of the time.” 
“Yeah, yeah,” Lilly Ann would not have any of it, “I’ll be in the kitchen preparing something to eat. That’ll give you some time to be all serious.” With that she skipped out of the room and started to noisily rummage around all over the house. 
“Well, Lilly Ann is correct, ‘That which is likened, onto itself is drawn.’ Do you have an idea what that could mean?” Edie May was curious about Taylor’s understanding so far. 
“This sounds a lot like magnetism or gravity, I just don’t know how it could be a universal law that pertains to all things in life,” Taylor concluded. 
Edie May nodded her head, “I think there is one idea you are not aware of that will make it fit together. You see, our bodies, as all physical matter, are a highly focused form of energy. The properties of this focused energy are defined by its vibration or frequency. In fact, it is always the interplay of a number of vibrational frequencies that provide the information for matter to be formed. Energy always flows and its properties or frequencies are always changing.” 
“I’ve read about similar ideas from the time when scientists gave up on quantum physics in the late twenty-first century,” Taylor tried to understand the concepts.
“I would not know about that,” said Edie May, “But the key factor for practical use of that information is, that there is a simple method to manipulate the frequency content of your experience in a very direct way.”
“Really? I’m sure that secret would be worth a fortune where I come from,” Taylor interrupted full of excitement.
Edie May smiled in anticipation of the surprise she had on hand for her student. 
“The tool we use to manipulate and mold the energy that creates worlds, directly and deliberately, is found between our ears.” She could not help herself but tease Taylor a little bit and get his thoughts swirling.
She continued before Taylor had time to express his confusion.
“Thoughts are vibration. Thoughts have a frequency. The frequency of your thoughts directly draws to you the matching frequency content in your life experience.” 
There was a moment of silence before Taylor found words again.
“Okay, this is a lot to take in, but for the argument’s sake let’s assume that your statements are correct. How do I get my thoughts to mold energy? How can I learn this? Is there a method or do I just have to concentrate? This all sounds a bit like voodoo to me, to be honest.”
“Good questions, John,” Edie May acknowledged, “First, you don’t have to do or know anything special to do this. As a matter of fact, you cannot not do this. This is how the universe works. If you know it or not, whatever you give your attention to will cause an equivalent vibration to show up in your experience.” 
“What do you mean by ‘equivalent vibration’?” Taylor asked.
“The thoughts that you entertain in your mind draw from you an emotional response. The manifestation that you attract with your thoughts will call forth the exact same emotional reaction from you, every single time. This is what Lilly Ann meant when she said, ‘The most important thing is that I feel good.’ If you can maintain a positive emotional mood or vibration you will live the equivalent positive life experience.”
“Well, everybody wants to feel good, but that’s not always going to be possible, depending on our life circumstances. There is this thing called reality that often gets in the way of feeling good, you know?” He added the last sentence with a side-glance at his motionless legs. 
“You are on the right track, John. So the question is how can we choose our emotional state independent of our observed reality?” Edie May felt elated to see him catch on to their way of thinking, “The answer lies in the fact that not reality itself triggers the emotions within you but only what you think or do not think about reality is what prompts the emotional response. Have you ever noticed, that two people in the exact same situation can think and feel about it in a completely opposite way?”
“I have seen that,” Taylor agreed.
“Our thoughts are not cast upon us by an ever present reality but are chosen by us in every moment of time. This is what it means when people say, ‘The power is in the now.’ It is not in what you can do now, but in what you will think now, and that is your choice.” 
Edie May’s voice had changed with those last words from her usual gentle dark timbre to a very distinct almost forceful expression. There was no doubt left in her listener that the words she spoke were drawn from a place of great wisdom and clarity. Her eyes had briefly rolled back and reappeared with a strangely different focus as if they could see right through Taylor. 
“I am certain that right now I can’t comprehend half of what you are saying,” Taylor worded his response carefully, “But I can feel the truth in it. Part of me wants to go back to not knowing what I just heard and another part of me wants to jump and scream and race forward and pry from you everything you can tell me about this. I think it will take some time for all of this to sink in and to get an idea of where to go from here.” 
He leaned back into his pillows and shook his head as if to get an unwanted image out of his mind while he looked Edie May deep into her eyes.
“Am I going insane or is there really something more than just Edie May sitting in front of me?”
“There is always more in front of you than meets the eye. Once you learn to see with your heart as much as you see with your eyes you will know what I mean,” Edie May side stepped a direct answer to Taylor’s question, “Have you ever heard the phrase, ‘When the student is ready the teacher will appear.’? This always goes both ways.”
They both sat quietly for what seemed a long time but really only was the span of a few deep breaths. Edie May’s facial expression softened to her natural etheric beauty while she steadied her breathing into a relaxed rhythm. Taylor’s mind was racing in untold different directions at the same time until he suddenly asked in a moment of clarity, “What about the sixty-eight seconds? What about my plane crash? Most of all, what about my legs?” He looked at Edie May with a mixture of challenging her and hoping for answers. 
“Always the tough questions first, right?” Edie May smiled at him, “I see you are a fighter so let’s grab the bull by the horns.” They both had to laugh at that image. 
“Sixty-eight seconds goes back to Abraham’s original teachings,” Edie May hoped the mentioning of that name would this time not disrupt their productive proceedings. 
“Oh, him again,” Taylor joked, “I’m not sure how to feel about this part of your story yet,” he admitted.
“Well, I am not sure if I should tell you this,” Edie May thought the time was right to push the issue a little further, “but I believe you just had a brief conversation with them.” 
“I did?” Taylor asked, “What do you mean by ‘with them’?”
“You see, John,” Edie May was ecstatic that Taylor did not pull away from her like he did the last time, “Abraham is not a person per se, but a family of non physical beings. Teachers connected to the infinite wisdom of the universe. They are inspiration, joy and most of all love. They are what we are in our innermost core. They are called forth through our asking, ready and willing and eager to shine the light of clarity onto a sometimes confusing life experience. They have answered your questions many times before in your life in the most inventive ways imaginable. Just that now you know their name.” 
Taylor didn’t know if this was too much or too little information but he was burning to get some answers either way. 
“So, about those sixty-eight seconds?” he pulled them back to his question. 
“Right,” Edie May complied, “your thoughts attract other thoughts with a similar vibration. When you think of something and you hold that thought for just seventeen seconds, Law of Attraction will bring other thoughts into your reach that have a similar vibration. If you focus on the same thought for sixty-eight seconds without introducing any opposing ideas you will have shifted your point of attraction significantly enough to set a correlating manifestation into motion. If you did this for anything you wanted and you never thought about it again, it must manifest in your experience. It is Law. The crux in the matter is that when you want something that you don’t have or you experience something that you don’t want it is ever so much easier to focus on the lack of the desired circumstance than on the desire itself. Which of course follows the same principle and brings the manifestation of the undesired reality over and over again.” 
“That is an intriguing theory,” Taylor tried to keep his options open, “So what if I am against something and I focus on removing it from my experience or eradicating it altogether?”
“There is no such thing as exclusion in an attraction based universe,” Edie May stated, “If you have set your mind on fighting against something, this very thing is part of your vibration and will be attracted into your reality by the Law of Attraction.” 
“Wow,” Taylor was quite impressed by the simplicity of her reasoning, “how do I know what I can change and what is someone else’s reality that I just stumbled into?”
“You create your own reality, all of it,” Edie May was as blunt as the truth can be, “Whatever circumstance you live came into existence by the power of your own thoughts. No one else can create in your reality. What you think and therefore feel and what manifests is always a vibrational match, no exception.”
There it was, plain and simple, the most provocative idea ever cast upon a human mind. No one else to blame anymore, now that didn’t sound right at all. 
“Are you saying that I myself created the lightning strike that crashed my plane and sent me back here?” Taylor wasn’t too amused at that suggestion.
“Not exactly, John,” Edie May didn’t back off the subject but tried to diffuse the building tension, “But think about it, you came here with a mission to find a better food source for the people of your region, right?” Taylor nodded with clenched teeth. 
“Your mission was completed the moment you set foot into Flugerton, right?” Taylor looked at her with a quizzical expression. 
“Well, the others in your team were more than capable to finish what you had started. From then on you were just their chauffeur.”
“I don’t like the sound of it but you could see it that way,” Taylor conceded. 
“You felt obligated to bring them back home, being the only pilot in the party, but a big part of you didn’t really want to leave from here, right?” The point she was driving at suddenly became very obvious. 
“Are you telling me I crashed my plane, almost killing four people and loosing the DNA data just to hang around here longer? That’s a bit too much to swallow, you know?” Taylor did not like where this was headed.
“All I am saying is, you sent your friends on their way, none of them got harmed, the DNA data is safe to be utilized according to your intentions and you are back getting answers to questions that have haunted you for all your life. Not too bad creating for someone who didn’t know what you know now. Wouldn’t you agree?” Edie May smiled at Taylor and gave him time to fight out the struggle that raged within him. 
“But what about my legs?” he almost whispered.
Edie May and Taylor were zapped out of their contemplation by a giggly cheery voice from the door. 
“You did that so you wouldn’t try to run away again and we have some time to torture you a little more,” Lilly Ann’s timing was impeccable as ever. “Are you done with your scientific merry-go-round-thinklings that dump you off at the same place where you got on anyway?”
Edie May and Taylor both erupted in relieved laughter. Their conversation really began to weigh heavy on their mood and Taylor needed some time to assimilate the information flood that had almost drowned him more than once. 
“I have something for you to look at, John,” Lilly Ann said with a glance at Edie May. 
She pulled a huge folder from a shelf at the back of the room. The thick brown leather cover was intricately carved all over with mementos of childhood and play. It was well worn from the touch of countless loving hands and the stitching on the borders had been mended many times with threads of various bright colors. A single word adorned the center on the front, applied with gold leaf in the broad strokes of a child’s handwriting. 
Lilly Ann cradled the book in her arms and brought it to Taylor’s bed. She stroked the cover tenderly a few times before she gently laid it on his legs. She opened it to the first page and said with as much love as any human voice can muster, 
“This is my best friend. Say hi to Abrahamster.”




Chapter 9: Abrahamster




After the long spell of mind-boggling and reality-bending ideas Taylor had been confronted with in the past few hours, it took him a few seconds to switch gears and open his mind to Lilly Ann’s special friend. The first page in the folder contained a simple pencil and water color drawing of a curious looking furry hamster, standing on his hind legs with a big smile and big eyes, waving at the onlooker. The caption read, “Hi! I’m Abrahamster. Come play with me. Let’s think silly together. I’m the star of many pages in this book.” 
Looking back and forth between that page and Lilly Ann’s face, radiant from unbridled enthusiasm, he suddenly understood where she was coming from. This drawing and the message behind it revealed more about Lilly Ann’s spirit and personality than a lifetime of talking to her could ever have. She had shown him her greatest treasure, bared her soul and sat there beaming at him with the innocence of a child. If he hadn’t known it before, right then and there Taylor knew that he had fallen for her. In his eyes, at that moment, she was the most beautiful and wonderful woman in the world. He also knew in his heart what a personal challenge it would be for him to get up to speed with her energy and purity and, as much as he was surprised that the word popped into his mind, with her vibration. 
Unable to say a word he lingered for a moment longer, looking at that first picture and with a tear filled sigh he turned the page. The second page showed a much more developed drawing of the same cartoon character. This time he was wearing a blue T-shirt with ‘17 SEC.’ printed on it and announced in big letters, “Nothing is more important than that I feel good!” No surprises there. 
“So this little fellow put that tag line into your mind,” Taylor teased Lilly Ann, “Abrahamster, that wouldn’t have anything to do with our nonphysical friend Abraham, would it?” He winked at Edie May.
“The way I see it,” Lilly Ann explained eagerly, “Abrahamster is a very smart hamster who just wants to feel good. He has an inner hamster that guides him and he learned a whole lot from studying the Abraham books and recordings. Abrahamster knows everything about Law of Attraction and feeling good and guiding your thoughts and he tells us in his own way so the nonscientists among us can understand it too. Most of all he wants to have fun and be silly and play and bask in the good feeling moment and appreciate and he loves everything.” 
Taylor was wondering if Lilly Ann would ever stop the sentence and breathe again. 
“Look!” she continued after a deep breath frantically turning pages and searching for her favorite pictures, “Here he basks in his hammock until he is a bask-it case. And here he shows us to fork our thoughts in the good feeling direction so we don’t get stuck in Yuma and here he pats his cat until he is in alignment and here...” 
“Whoa,” Taylor interrupted her, “What is alignment and why is basking and appreciating so important to him?”
“You see the thing is,” Lilly Ann was on a roll, “When Abrahamster wants something his inner hamster that is non-fizzical wants the same thing too and does everything in his power, and that is a lot, to bring it to him. But when Abrahamster feels bad about not having it already, his inner hamster cannot bring him the stuff cause Law of Attraction only brings him more of the not-having bad feeling reality things. When he feels good or appreciates or basks or loves he is in alignment with his inner hamster thinklings and Law of Attraction brings everything to him that he wants. Cool, huh?” 
“I am not sure I follow you,” Taylor felt like a fish out of water.
“It’s called Emotional Guidance System,” Lilly Ann announced importantly, “The way you feel indicates how close what you think is to what you want. Your inner Geronimo knows what you want, even if you don’t really know it. He knows that, when you think something other than about the stuff that you want, you will not get it and you will get stuff that you don’t want instead. Because your inner Geronimo does not want that for you, he sends you yucky feeling emotion vibes, so that you know that something is not right and you can change it. Isn’t that great?”
Lilly Ann was searching her brain for an easier way to make her point. Her face lit up as she remembered the most basic truth she had come to believe from before she could remember. She lifted her index finger to signal that she had something really important and significant to say. She looked at Edie May and then at Taylor and said with unwavering conviction, “Good feels good, and bad feels bad.” She pointed at the appropriate hamster drawing.
She waited for a sign of comprehension from Taylor, “Get it?”
“I guess,” he answered somewhat skeptical, “but when I feel bad about something I can’t just switch and feel good about it. I would be lying to myself.” 
“That’s right,” Lilly Ann conceded just for a second, “but you always can reach for a better feeling thought.”
She pulled another page out of the stack.
“Look here,” she pointed at Abrahamster balancing on the nose of a giraffe, “he is reaching for what feels better. You can’t jump from feeling all yucky about something to blissful sky-pie feelings. If you try you probably land in the bushes. But you can find something that feels a little better and stay there for a while and then find something that feels a little better and stay there for a while and soon you are in a not so bad feeling place and you can still find a thought that feels a little better. I guess you get the picture.”
“This sounds like a lot of work,” Taylor remarked.
“More work than flying hundreds of miles and walk two days and chase cows around for two weeks and fly back and ...”
“I think I get what you mean,” Taylor interrupted.
“And if you really cannot find any better feeling thought about some reality thing that really bites you, you can always think about something else, something pleasant that you remember or something that you want to have,” she added softly. 
“Like what?” Taylor asked.
“Well, for example, when you feel bad about your legs and you can’t find anything good to think about that, you could just think about,” there was a dramatic pause, “Meeeeee.” Her thirty-two-tooth smile would have made every dentist blush. 
“I guess I could do that,” Taylor laughed. For the first time in his life he was consciously aware of the change in his emotional state caused simply by focusing on a different subject. It was an interesting observation to say the least.
Taylor continued to look at the many pages and drawings in the folder. They sat there for half an hour and just looked at pictures and read the captions out loud. 
One picture had Taylor look up and ask, “I have seen this somewhere before. All these figures stacked on top of each other. It looks like a Native American totem pole, just funnier. Don’t you have one down the street from your grandpa’s place?”
“That’s a Totemotional Pole,” Lilly Ann lectured, “they are all over the place. Remember the two guys who brought you here after your fall, Jack and Joe Jack? That’s what they do. They carve Totemotional Poles and put them up all around the valley.”
“What’s the significance of the Totemotional Pole?” Taylor had the impression that if he understood the Abrahamster story better, he might start to understand what was going on in the minds of people around here, most notably Lilly Ann’s. 
“The Totemotional Pole is a symbol of the emotional scale,” Lilly Ann started to explain but looked a bit unsure, “Edie May, can you help me out, I haven’t been angry or something like that since I saw my cat eat a tweety bird when I was four.”
“I thought you were doing just fine, dear,” Edie May shrugged but she obliged, “As Lilly Ann explained very skillfully before, humans tend to stay on a certain emotional range in regard to any given issue that they are involved in. Very often they will maintain the same vibration for a long time since Law of Attraction brings to them events and manifestations that are in harmony with their vibrational state, so they start to believe that this is just the way it will always be. To help us guide ourselves out of unpleasant emotions and correlating circumstances into a better feeling emotional state and a more desirable life experience Abraham taught us about the emotional scale.”
“Of course there is a great variety and variation in describing emotions so we have to simplify a little. On the one hand of the scale you have the good feeling vibrations like love, appreciation, bliss, joy or happiness and on the other end you have fear and depression. Another way to describe it would be the feeling of freedom and self-empowerment on one end, and bondage or powerlessness on the other. Do you follow so far, John?” Edie May asked.
Taylor just gave her a confirming nod, curious where this exercise was leading.
“For a deliberate creator, as we established before,” Edie May continued, “emotions are the guiding light to his desired outcome. If he feels good he knows his thoughts are moving him towards something that will feel good when he gets there, if he feels bad, not so much. If he finds himself in a situation that evokes strong negative feelings in him, he does not have immediate access to a really good feeling thought about that issue. If you are depressed about something and a friend comes by and tells you to cheer up otherwise you will create something unpleasant, you will most likely not be able to follow his advise and probably tell him to get lost.”
“Been there, done that,” Taylor agreed, “on both ends of it,” he added laughing.
“Good, so you know what this is all about,” Edie May moved on, “If you want to get from point A to point B it helps to have milestone markers along the way, otherwise you could get lost and end up right where you started. If you are riddled with depression or fear, you might want to get angry at someone or something or wish revenge on someone else. That feels better, at least now you can breath. When you have stabilized yourself in anger you might find the softer thought of blame or even worry or doubt. Once you feel secure there you might reach for a thought of frustration or pessimism. Then the road to contentment or even hopefulness isn’t very far. Once you feel hopeful it can be a swift ride to positive expectation, enthusiasm and even joy. Remember, all of this is work done in your thoughts. No action required or allowed yet. Once you vibrate where it feels good any action you take will be an inspired one and lead you to whatever result you want.” 
“I think I understand,” Taylor nodded, “So what about the poles?”
“Oh, just look at the picture,” Lilly Ann jumped right in, “See, here on the bottom Abrahamster is depressed and doesn’t wanna live like that anymore. They all look so cute I could eat them up. The next one up is really angry, you don’t want to mess with him right now. This one is just frustrated and then he is hopeful and then he stands on his head because he thinks he can do everything. All the way up he just wants to relax and go with the flow and not struggle against anything, he knows that life is supposed to be fun and ease. He looks so happy, don’t you think?” 
“It is a wonderful symbol of the most powerful tool we have to be successful as deliberate creators,” Edie May added, “We call it moving up the emotional guidance scale.” 
“Who did all these drawings?” Taylor asked while turning to another page, “I saw a signature L. F. on many of them. Is that for Lilly Ann F.?” 
“I did many of the drawings,” Lilly Ann confirmed, “but they are not really mine. I copied most of them out of the Lilly-Book. L. F. stands for Lilly Fluger. She is the one who gave birth to Abrahamster and all his friends many, many years ago.” 
“Lilly Fluger was an avid student of Abraham and even met them on a few occasions,” Edie May explained, “She was also a master teacher in her own right with the ability to capture the essence of Abraham’s teachings in drawings and cartoons. Many people find it easier and definitely a lot more fun to hone their thought working skills by studying Lilly Fluger’s cartoons than to read or listen to Abraham sessions.”
“I don’t care about the grownup problem this and problem that sermons of Abraham. I’ve heard them all. That is so boring, but I love to look at Abrahamster and his friends all day long and I turned out just fine, right?” Lilly Ann looked at both of them for confirmation. 
“Look, this is AbraRam,” she pointed out another character on one of the pages, “He is Abrahamster’s best friend and he is always on a rampage of appreciation. ‘I love grass. I love the hills. I love ewes.’ And on and on he goes. ‘Two, four, six, eight, who do we appreciate?’ I really learned a lot from him. I get all fuzzy and warm good feelings when I go on a rampage of appreciation myself. It feels so good, sometimes I don’t even want to stop ever anymore at all.” 
Taylor was getting really curious now.
“Lilly Fluger as in Flugerton, I assume?” he tried to put one and one together, “You said Abraham taught at the end of the twentieth century, that makes these documents more than three hundred years old. How did you find them? And why?”
“Who cares,” Lilly Ann said, “Edie May can show you the Lilly-Book one day, then you can see for yourself. Now let’s play something fun.”
“What do you want to play, dear?” Edie May knew the tone of voice she had just heard from Lilly Ann. She might not have found the most polite way to go about it but she had something in mind that demanded a change of pace from all of them. 
“I think Abrahamster can help John fix his legs so he can run and jump and dance with us,” Lilly Ann dropped a bomb on them. 
“If there is a game for that,” Taylor was still a bit skeptical, “then I would play it as long as it takes to work. What’s the name of that game?”
“It is called ‘Wouldn’t it be nice if Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday game’,” Lilly Ann made it up as they went along. 
“That is a very long title for a game,” Edie May teased.
“There is nothing I can do about that,” Lilly Ann stated, “That’s what it’s called.”
“How do we play?” Taylor enjoyed being the center of Lilly Ann’s creative fireworks. 
“We take turns to say, ‘If Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday, right now we would...’ and then we think up something fun we would do today if Abrahamster had fixed your legs yesterday. We can invite other people to play too if we run out of ideas. It is a very long game,” she added importantly. 
“That does sound like a fun game,” Taylor said, “although I don’t really see how it could heal my legs. I’ll be still here with my legs not working.”
“But that is exactly the point,” Lilly Ann explained excitedly, “We will be here playing with you and you will try to focus on the fun things we all dream up and in no time you will not even remember that there once was something wrong with your legs.” 
“What a wonderful idea, Lilly Ann,” Edie May agreed, “It is no wonder that your games are famous all over the valley. I’m curious already who gets a whiff of it first and stops by to join in.” 
“Let’s start,” Lilly Ann shouted, “I go first.” 
“If Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday,” she started reciting the words as if it was a prayer, as in some sense it probably was, “right now we would sit at the banks of the river on that big log that fell over last summer and reaches half way across, remember? We would try to stretch out legs so our toes get all sprayed with water. And we would stare to see the trout standing behind the rocks. We’d take off our shoes and socks and roll up our pant legs. And every time one of the bigger waves splashed all over our feet and calves we’d squeal like little piglets because the water is still so cold from the melting snow. That’s what we would do right now if Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday.” 
Lilly Ann was glowing from the excitement of the adventure in her head. 
“Wow, that was fun,” she exclaimed, “My feet are getting cold,” she laughed and rubbed her toes, “your turn Edie May.”
“If Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday,” Edie May was aware of the delicate balance in these words and followed Lilly Ann’s instructions to a t, “right now we would hike up into the woods and look for the tallest oak trees with the most beautiful mistletoe at the top of their crowns. We would take off our shoes and socks, and start climbing those holy trees with our bare feet. We’d feel for places to hook in with our fingers and toes to pull ourselves up from branch to branch until we are so high up in the crown that we cannot even see the ground anymore and if we’d just stretch our necks a little further we can pop our heads out into the sky and enjoy an enchanted view over the entire valley. We would carefully cut some of the mistletoe for decorating the tavern tonight to everyone’s delight. That’s what we would do right now if Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday.” 
“Yes, yes, wonderful,” Lilly Ann praised Edie May’s effort, “I can feel the sticky resin on my feet and they are all red and hot from the scratchy bark, can you feel it too John?” 
What was he supposed to say at the display of such unadulterated joy and affection? As much as the thought of his condition pained him, he was not going to ruin this game for her. 
“I do remember how that felt,” he did the best he could with a smile. 
A visitor announced himself with a gentle rap at the door and dissolved the awkward moment. 
“If that isn’t a bunch of people sitting around, playing a fun game and not having the courtesy to invite old Grandpa,” Fritz Neuwirt complained laughingly, “I brought sandwiches and apple cider. That is, if you let me join the game of course. What are we playing?”
He pulled a rocking chair next to the bed while Lilly Ann explained her game invention. 
“Ah, Abrahamster,” he said with his best grandpa-tells-bedtime-stories voice, “the little fella has all kinds of tricks up his sleeve. Can I go next?”
Taylor started to feel a little under siege with all the attention he was getting and the activity that filled his room with life. On the other hand, the entire lack of doubt in the effectiveness and sensibility of making up stories to effect the bodily condition of another intrigued him. He couldn’t help but to get curious where all of this would lead them.
“All right, here I go,” Fritz announced to get everyone’s attention, “If Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday, right now we would put on our lederhosen, you know the old deer leather pants I brought from Austria, and we would dance Schuachplattler. We would ask Hannah to bring her accordion and play the wildest and funniest sounding alpine traditionals. I would try to remember the words to some of them and teach you to sing with me. Then we’d line up in a circle and I’d show you how we danced in the old country. We’d jump in the air and slap our thighs with our hands and we’d jump in the air again and yelp and yodel and we’d jump in the air again and we’d slap the bottom of our feet with our hands. And on and on we’d go. This makes great rhythmic noises and let’s everyone in the valley know, that we were having fun. That’s what we would do right now if Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday.” 
You could see that the old man was exhausted but glowing with energy just from cooking up these wonderful pictures in his mind. While he was telling the story the front door had opened and closed a few times and more visitors had poured into the small room. Everyone clapped and cheered when Fritz had finished his story. 
“That was so neat, Papa,” Lilly Ann was over the moon, “I could just hear the claps and yells and the music. My hands and feet are pulsing hot from the slaps and wild dancing.”
Soon it was standing room only and some of the people who had just arrived yelled over the crowd to partake.
“If Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday, right now we would have a race against the goats up the steep hill in the East Valley. I’d bet that the goats would be faster. That’s what we would do right now if Abrahamster had fixed John’s legs yesterday.” Everybody laughed and now the jokesters got brave enough to have their say.
“If Abrahamster had fixed Geronimo’s legs yesterday, tonight we would lift him up on our shoulders and see if he can climb up to Lilly Ann’s bedroom window. That’s what we would do tonight if Abrahamster had fixed Geronimo’s legs yesterday.” 
Taylor looked at Lilly Ann but she just laughed and did not avert her eyes. Embarrassment is a foreign planet to a pure soul. 
“If Abrahamster had fixed Geronimo’s legs yesterday,” the words came slowly and deliberately from a three-year-old girl who had squeezed herself past the older visitors. She stood in front of the bed with her arms propped up on her sides, “Right now I would climb up on his knees and ask him to sing with me a horsie riding song. And when we were finished I’d give him a big kiss. That’s what we would do right now if Abrahamster had fixed Geronimo’s legs yesterday.” She blew a noisy wet kiss on Taylor’s cheek, threw her arms up in the air, giggled wildly and galloped out of the room. 
The room was quiet for a moment. Everyone knew, when the children come, miracles start to happen. Lilly Ann secretly wiped away a tear from her eyes. She was besides herself with joy that her intuition had led her in a direction that her mind would never have thought of. 
“Thank you, Leila,” she whispered without anyone else taking notice. 
No one but Taylor, that is. He had many hours before stopped worrying about his legs. He was swept away by the unconditional support that the community poured over him. So many wanted to have a turn in the game. Food and drink of all sorts was appearing out of nowhere in front of him. Everybody seemed to have the time of their lives, and all on his behalf. Each person started and ended their contribution with the magical phrases that Lilly Ann had composed. 
It was getting late and Lilly Ann was signaling that it was time to call it a day and maybe continue another time. People stood up from the floor and from chairs and started to shuffle out of the room. 
“Wait,” said Taylor, “if Abrahamster had fixed my legs yesterday, right now I would run and dance and climb and play with all of you and I’d be the happiest man in the world, and I would not even know that I would have missed the most magical day I ever had the pleasure and joy of living. Now I wouldn’t mind if Abrahamster would help fix my legs yesterday from tomorrow. Thank you so much.”
“Thank you for being such a good sport,” one of the visitors replied, “this was the most unusual fun we had in a long time.”
The little house grew quiet. Even Fritz and Edie May had said their goodnight with the promise to be back the next day. 
“I am going to bed too, are you going to be all right?” Lilly Ann asked through the door on her way upstairs to her bedroom. 
“I’ll be o.k.,” said Taylor, “thank you for everything, and give Leila my thanks too, please.”
“Will do,” Lilly Ann chirped and left the room. 
A few hours later that night a scream of pain and surprise shattered the silence of the dark village. A shorter one followed the first long scream, not quite as pain filled but even more surprised at the sensation. What followed was laughter, uncontrollable laughter and yelps of joy and groans of pain. 
The lights came on upstairs in Lilly Ann’s house as they did in many houses nearby. Lilly Ann rushed down the stairs to find Taylor sitting up in his bed rubbing his legs and feet frantically. 
“I can feel them,” he yelled, “I can feel the sensations that your stories had put in my head all at once. It hurts. It’s wonderful. I can feel them.” He couldn’t get the words out fast enough.
“First I thought it was just a bad dream, but then I opened my eyes and I saw your cat, Mr. Big, lick my toes and I was feeling it. It hurt and it was like fire and like ice in the next moment. I can feel my feet,” he yelled again. 
Lilly Ann sat on the side of the bed and pulled Taylor’s feet into her lap. She put her hands firmly on them.
“John, listen to me,” she said emphatically, “focus on my hands. These feelings are real. Release all the other sensations that rush through your mind. Just feel my hands. Can you feel them?”
“I can feel them,” he answered a bit surprised, “they are warm and soft.” Tears were streaming down his face, “Thank you so much,” he whispered. 
“No need to thank me,” she replied quietly. “You are one of us now. Welcome to Flugerton.” 
Two houses down the street Kim Wong climbed out of his bed and stepped up to the bedroom window to see what the racket was all about. 
“What is going on out there?” he asked more to himself than anyone else.
His wife’s sleepy voice came from their bed, “John has got his legs back, that’s gotta hurt for a while. Come back to bed now and close the window.” 
There was not the slightest hint of surprise in her voice. 




Chapter 10: Edie, Keeper of the Lilly-Book




Coffee next morning was served in the kitchen. Taylor and Lilly Ann had slept in after a long night of getting Taylor’s sensational overload to subside and sorting out which of the confusing nerve signals in his legs related to actual sensations and which were a residue of the energy game-work they had practiced the day before. 
Taylor was the first one to awake in the house. What a pleasant surprise that a rough tongue licking his toes was the first sensation of the new day. Mr. Big had taken a liking to his feet and was just about to start nibbling at them when Taylor opened his eyes. Sensing that the jig was up Mr. Big disappeared like a black and white flash. 
Taylor pulled back the bed covers to make sure that in reality there were not millions of ants crawling all over his legs. He was relieved to find that his sensation was but the lingering effect of his newly rediscovered sensory stream coming from his lower body. Suddenly it occurred to him that if he could feel his legs, he should be able to move them too. And so he tried and it worked. 
At first he was able to move his big toe, Mr. Big’s favorite. When he tried to stretch or bend his ankles there was movement but the feedback he got seemed too slow and unreliable at first. He lacked the control, for his movements to be of any value for him other than that of simple entertainment. 
To his own surprise, Taylor spent over an hour playing with the jerky reaction of his legs without getting frustrated or even compelled to try harder. He just enjoyed the fact that his ability was slowly coming back to him, so lying on his back he painted odd shapes with his toes into the air. 
“Watcha doing there?” Lilly Ann’s voice came from the door that had opened silently.
Taylor beamed at her with a mixture of pride over his newfound ability to move his legs and a bit of embarrassment over his display of obvious self-enjoyment. 
“Can I play too?” Lilly Ann added and laid flat on her back on the floor and started to imitate Taylor’s movements. 
“No,” Taylor joked, “this game is for fallen pilots only. You have to jump out of an airplane first before you get a license to play.”
“That’s no fair,” Lilly Ann complained, “How am I supposed to get an airplane right now to jump out of?” She got up from the floor ceremoniously.
“Did anyone ever tell you that you are a ham?” Taylor laughed. 
“No, but speaking of ham, I am hungry let’s go get breakfast. Are you coming?” She walked out of the room fully expecting that Taylor would follow her. 
“Not so fast,” Taylor shouted after her, “you could let me borrow a bathrobe or something and give me a hand. Then I’ll try to make it to the kitchen.” 
And so they did. Lilly Ann pulled a beautiful aquamarine-and-cream-colored robe from a chest of drawers. It was sewn from a fabric woven in the intricate patterns that resembled a magnified view of geometric fractals called a Mandelbrot set.
“My mom made this for my dad when they just got married,” Lilly Ann explained, “She creates artwork from the magic of numbers. Maybe you understand it better than I do. Isn’t this neat?” She held out the robe for him. 
Taylor took a closer look of the fabric. 
“The detail is breathtaking,” he agreed, “It looks as if the threads were split up in the middle of the shapes to produce even greater detail. I can’t wait to meet your mother to talk math with her.” 
“Well, right now we have to get you out of this bed first,” Lilly Ann sidestepped the topic, “put on the robe. I’ll close my eyes and promise not to peek.” 
She held her hands in front of her eyes and turned her back to Taylor. He had to laugh because he did not forgotten that it was Lilly Ann and Edie May who had undressed him when he first arrived at her house, unconscious after the accident. 
“It is safe to look now,” he teased her after he had put on the robe. 
“Try to bend your knees and get your legs over the edge of the bed,” Lilly Ann advised, “once you feel the floor under your feet everything else is going to come back to you.” 
She sat next to Taylor on the bed and watched his efforts to bend his knees. 
“Try to remember what it feels like to move your legs. Don’t try to make it happen,” she coached, “There is no rush you’ll run soon enough after you start walking.”
She tried a different angle, “What’s it like to lift your leg to climb into an airplane?” 
The result was immediate. Taylor’s right knee came up like a reflex. 
“Whoa,“ he laughed, “slow down the horses.” 
He stretched out the right knee and the left had the same reaction. He continued to stretch and bend his legs for a few minutes until his movements were more coordinated and smooth. He sat up and looked at Lilly Ann with one eyebrow raised. With one fluid deliberate movement he sat up and swung his legs out of the bed where his feet landed on the floor with a loud thump. 
“Ouch, that hurt,” he said surprised, “but it’s good to feel the ground under my feet. You think you are strong enough to help me get up?” 
“Well, Jack and Joe Jack went back out to the woods so you will have to settle for me for right now.” Lilly Ann grabbed his right arm and stood up, “Ready?” 
It took Taylor three tries to lift his body from the bed and a few more to steady himself long enough on his feet to find his balance. Lilly Ann lightly held on to his arm never putting any real force onto it. He finally stood there panting from the concentrated effort. 
“This is good,” he said in between small laughs, “ now what?”
“Now we walk,” Lilly Ann said confidently. 
The expression ‘baby steps’ never had a more literal meaning. Small slow shuffles with slight hesitation put distance between him and the safety of the nearby bed. Whenever the thought of falling crept into his mind he stopped all movement, felt for the support that Lilly Ann’s hold gave him and steadied his focus. Every step he took, his muscles remembered more and more of the complex interplay that it takes for the simple pleasure of walking. 
If time is a matter of perception so is distance it seemed. The longest walk of his life took John Taylor across the twenty-five paces from the room that was his world since his fall to the kitchen that promised freedom and breakfast. Eighteen minutes and thirty-five seconds later he was the happiest man in the world sitting at the kitchen table a bit out of breath, watching Lilly Ann go through the magic ritual of brewing fresh espresso coffee. 
For the first time Taylor had the opportunity to have a look around the kitchen in this most unusual house which was so fitting to his gracious host. He more and more got the impression of sitting inside a gingerbread house right out of the fairy tales he had heard as a child. The huge wood fired stove gleamed with polished steel hardware and deep blue enamel lacquered panels and doors. The cupboards all around the walls were filled with an eclectic collection of mugs and pots and glasses of all imaginable forms and colors. There were little paintings and drawings of Abrahamster and his friends on every wall and on every counter. The windows were made of semi translucent glass that looked like it was sugar coated and they were draped with fabrics that were woven in the same intricate patterns as the robe Taylor was wearing. 
Taylor’s gaze circled back to the fascinating coffee preparation exhibition on a counter near the stove.
“What are we going to do when we run out of coffee?” he asked. 
“Hm, the thought never crossed my mind,” Lilly Ann answered surprised. She looked at him with that curious smile as if she was trying to figure out how his mind worked. “Why would you want to think about an empty coffee can when you have a full one right in front of you?” she asked him back. 
There was no arguing with that kind of logic. Taylor had to accept once more, that feeling good right then and there was much more important to Lilly Ann than contemplating the solution to a problem that might or might not arise in the future. At least she was consistent about that. 
The gentle rap at the door was unmistakably that of Edie May. She balanced a large carton box on her arms and sampled the aroma in the kitchen when she entered.
“I see you are keeping up your coffee ritual,” she said not even flinching when she saw Taylor sitting at the kitchen table, “Yesterday I remembered that I saw a box with a similar label like your coffee can in my storage shed a long time ago. I went looking for it and there it was on the top shelf. There are twelve more cans of the same coffee in there that you like so much. You are more than welcome to it, if you want it.”
Lilly Ann turned to Taylor, “See?” 
He would never try to bring up ‘running out of coffee’ again. 
Lilly Ann accepted the precious cargo from Edie May, “Thank you so much, this is wonderful! Come, sit down, have breakfast with us.”
“So John,” Edie May acknowledged Taylor’s newfound mobility, “what are you doing up and about without adult supervision. I heard you woke up half the town last night.” Her humor was refreshing as ever.
“I suppose I did, sorry ‘bout that,” Taylor apologized, “Mr. Big licked my toe and suddenly I felt a thousand things in my legs at the same time. It was a little overwhelming.”
“I can imagine that,” Edie May nodded. “Sorry that I can’t stay for breakfast. I have an appointment with a number of very curious youngsters at the Lilly-Book, I wouldn’t want to keep them waiting.”
“Would you mind if I had a look at the book some time?” Taylor asked. 
“Any time, John,” Edie May answered watching for Lilly Ann’s reaction, “I’ll be there all day today. I am sure Lilly Ann would love to drive you. You think you are strong enough for that?” 
“I guess so,” they both answered at the same time and burst into laughter. 
“Oh boy,” Edie May rolled her eyes and retreated out of the kitchen. She heard more infectious laughing on her way out of the house. This was going to be interesting, to say the least.
Later in the morning a very slow short walk from the house to the curb, a very swift short ride in Lilly Ann’s peace mobile and another short but just as slow walk from the curb onto a park-like property brought Taylor and Lilly Ann to the door of an imposing structure made entirely of pine logs.
In front of the building stood the tallest totemotional pole Taylor had seen so far. The carved and painted log reached at least two hundred feet high and was adorned with a collection of additional characters, which Taylor remembered from Lilly Ann’s Abrahamster book. 
“See,” Lilly Ann pointed at the hamsters on the pole counting from bottom to top, “this is Despo, Blamie, Frusty, Mabes, Abrahamster standing on his hands, Gabe, Abby and Gabby. They are doing a very good job showing their best vibe faces from yucky to hamster euphoria, don’t you think?” 
Taylor could sense that this place was in some way the cultural center of Flugerton, maybe of the whole area. They climbed the few stairs to a tall double door, which was inlaid in dark red hardwood with the words “Ask, and it is given.” The simple yet powerful vibration that resonated with these words was not lost on Taylor. His anticipation was high when Lilly Ann pushed the door open and they found themselves engulfed in a stream of children and young adolescents going back and forth between the various rooms of the large building. They obviously had entered a world of learning and teaching. 
“Is this a school?” Taylor asked.
“This is Sudbury,” Lilly Ann clarified, “most of our youngsters come here to exchange questions and find answers. It’s mostly about the questions though.”
A group of children, maybe four or five years of age had spotted Taylor. One of them started yelling, “It’s Geronimo! It’s Geronimo!”
Within seconds they were surrounded by a wild cluster of little arms and hands dancing and hollering around them. They chanted Taylor’s new nickname over and over, giving testimony to his fame amongst the young population of Flugerton.
Lilly Ann pulled Taylor along to a milky glass door across the hall leaving his young admirers behind. The activity level in this room was much more subdued with only an occasional opening of the door for someone walking in or out. 
“The book-room is over there,” Lilly Ann pointed at another glass door that led into a small study hall with tall etched glass windows. A few study desks with wooden chairs were lined up in the middle of the room while a number of easels and tables with drawing and painting utensils lined the walls around the perimeter. 
Edie May looked up from her desk at the far end of the room when she heard them enter. She waved for them to come to a monumental looking oak desk close to where she was sitting. Dim light was radiating from an out of place looking device in the middle of the desktop. 
“I am so glad you could make it, both of you,” Edie May greeted them, “Welcome to Sudbury and to the Lilly-Book.” 
Her arm made a big sweeping gesture around her. Taylor got curious about the scientifically looking device on the desk. It looked to him like an ancient data pad with external input devices and a small color screen. 
“It’s a computer,” he exclaimed.
“Nothing gets by you, John,” Edie May teased him, “in its time it was called a notebook computer, hence the name Lilly-Book.”
“It still works, right?” Taylor could not believe to stand in front of this ancient technology in working condition. 
“Yes, it does,” Edie May confirmed, “it was retrofitted with solar power panels before it got here. We never turn it off and we never try to change any of the data on it. We only use the programs that came with it to retrieve and study the wisdom it contains. See for yourself.” 
She laid her hand on a small external device that was connected to the book with a short wire. Whenever she moved her hand a data pointer on the screen moved accordingly. Edie May gently pushed one of the buttons on the pointing device, which prompted some text and images to be displayed on the screen. 
Taylor was not too surprised to see the now familiar figure of Abrahamster in a drawing that resembled one of Lilly Ann’s. 
“See, that’s where my drawings come from,” she explained the obvious.
“So, what’s the story behind this computer and why is it so important to you?” Taylor saw more questions than answers arise from being confronted with this historic artifact. 
“Yes, please, Edie May,” Lilly Ann begged like a little girl, “please tell us the story of how Abrahamster got here and became a big star.” 
“All right,” Edie May complied, “let’s sit down over there on the study couch and I will tell you the story.”
They made themselves comfortable and Edie May began her tale. 
“It all began at the end of the last millennium. The late nineteen hundreds saw a flurry of teachers and preachers who attracted large audiences, thirsty for knowledge about inner truths and the workings of their world beneath its visible surface. Many of them furthered that knowledge with their asking and listening for answers to a level never before attained by human kind. The more people asked, the more answers came forth until one day a man by the name of Jerry Hicks, who had studied the teachings of his fellow man for all his life, was so filled with questions of how it all fits together and so deeply rooted in his believe that he would receive answers, that he called forth an infinitely wise and loving and patient teacher from another plane of existence who spoke through Jerry’s mate, the beautiful Esther. The ultimate student had found his ultimate teacher. His name was Abraham.”
“At the same time, a young woman, Lilly Fluger, was traveling the planet to find her own path and rhythm in life. She did some asking on her own. She read books, talked with the dead and loved life. When Abraham’s teachings were made public she found answers to many of her questions within them. While most people would have been satisfied with the answers they got to life’s most perplexing riddles this young woman brought forth her very own language to express the truth as she saw it. One day while she was reading in a book written by Abraham a little cartoon character crept onto the margins of a page and began telling the Abraham teachings his own joy-fun-silly hamster way. Abrahamster was born.”
“It is unknown to us how famous Abrahamster became eventually, but we know that he had many friends and admirers throughout the world in his days. Lilly Fluger spent many years developing her little friends and the message that they so joyfully whispered into the world’s ears. All of her work including the wonderful watercolor paintings and sketches and stories would eventually end up as digital reproductions in her computer for distribution on the global data networks and for safekeeping.”
“Lilly Fluger was an artist for all her life, a relentless student of light on many levels, but most of all she was a remarkable human being. She loved animals and for long periods of her life she chose her place of residence next to the zoo. Her whole life was a celebration of lightness and enjoyment. She made up her own language with spellings that would make any language professor crawl up the walls but made everybody else laugh and feel playful and silly. Being silly was a very big thing for Lilly Fluger. She brought Abraham’s teachings to an entire different audience than the original texts. Her drawings and word creations opened the path of energy work to a whole new generation of seekers. In honor of her untiring efforts to make the idea of a vibrational universe and the vibrational nature of the human existence more accessible to so many, including us, to this day we refer to her as the vibrational tuning fork of our society.” 
“Lilly Fluger must have been a famous celebrity in her day,” Taylor concluded.
Edie May chuckled amused, “From what we have gathered in Lilly Fluger’s correspondence with close friends she would have been freaked out and not able to speak clearly for a week if she knew how we think and talk about her nowadays.” 
“That’s fascinating,” Taylor said, “but how did her work end up here, and just here?”
“John, you probably know better than I do the history this country and the whole world lived through at the end of the twenty-first century. It seems that people were too busy finding someone else to blame for their perceived misery and difficulties that most of the spiritual teachings were put aside or were forgotten altogether. The most significant historic fact for us was the sudden evacuation of many rural and remote areas for political and security reasons at that time. There were quite a number of women and men in this country who did not want to participate in the madness that had befallen the masses, so some of these people followed an impulse, climbed into their cars, trucks or vans and headed in a central direction from all corners of the country. Not knowing why and how, they would rendezvous within a short period of time in the Ozark Mountains in Arkansas.”
“Many put up camp and stayed to see where all of this was heading. More and more seekers joined them and the asking for rhyme or reason of this gathering grew daily. All kinds of ideas where pondered and given up again because none of them had any desire to rejoin the nightmare they just had escaped from. Their numbers grew daily and so did the tension and anticipation.”
“One late summer day, an even then ancient vehicle, slowly made its way over the mountain passes and stopped right in the middle of the main camp site. A beautiful woman of young age jumped out of the van threw her arms up into the air and screamed for everyone to hear, ‘What is the most important thing?’”
Edie May looked at Lilly Ann with a smile and then at Taylor.
“I bet you know the answer to that question even though you might not believe it yet, right John?”
“The most important thing is that I feel good,” Taylor recited like an A student, “I still don’t really know what it means but it feels good just to say it.”
“That is a good start, John. Anyway, where was I? After meeting many perplexed faces and hearing a few half hearted attempts to answer she indeed enlightened them with John’s answer, ‘The most important thing is that I feel good.’ None of them had ever heard of Abraham or of his teachings but all of them were students and teachers at the same time, ready and eager to explore a new vantage point to life. The girl opened the cargo doors of her van and amidst a frightening chaos of her belongings a computer rested on a camping table. She propped up the solar panel on the roof of her van and the notebook came to life. The first thing that appeared on the screen was a drawing of a curious little cartoon hamster announcing, ‘Hi, I’m Abrahamster’ and below it there were two more drawings stating, ‘Good feels good’ and, ‘Bad feels bad.’ The last one showed the little fellow sitting in pure delight, sharing with the onlookers, ‘I am delight feelings of fun-loving-appreciating-happy-play-grooviness. I’m choosing my own vibes!’”
“Though none of the people there understood right away what they were looking at, they felt in their hearts that this must have been the reason for them to migrate into the mountains. The computer, of course, was the old laptop of Lilly Fluger that was refurbished and updated many times by owners who cherished the precious content within it. The woman with the van had traveled all the way from southern California to Arkansas. Her name was Edie, she was the first keeper of the Lilly-Book in Flugerton.”
“Does your name, Edie May, have any relation to this woman?” Taylor asked.
“Ever since the days when Edie started to teach her fellow campers about the secrets of Abrahamster, the ones who wanted to dedicate their lives to the study and exploration of the Lilly-Book would take on Edie as prefix to their name,” Edie May explained, “it isn’t a formal title but more of a reverence to the great gift Edie had brought to us such a long time ago.”
“Thankle you so much Edie May,” Lilly Ann clapped her hands, “I cannot hear that story often enough. Edie May lets me sit in at the classes when she tells young students for the first time about the Lilly-Book.” 
“This is fascinating,” Taylor agreed, “although, I have a hard time wrapping my brain around the idea that grown-up educated women and men would throw all their believes and acquired philosophies over board at the sight of a few cartoon drawings. Don’t get me wrong, seeing you and the way you live right in front of my eyes, Abrahamster and the teachings make a lot of sense. To jump right in without that living proof seems like a big leap of faith to me. There had to be something more to convince those first settlers.” 
Edie May looked at Lilly Ann’s face to see if Taylor’s statement of doubt did in any way effect how she felt about him. All she could read in her eyes was happy love, adoration and infinite patience. It seemed that no cloud could ever cast a shadow on her sunny face. 
“You guessed right, John,” Edie May confirmed, “come over here, I’ll show you what else we found in the Lilly-Book.”
Taylor got up from the couch with much groaning and a gratefully accepted helping hand from Lilly Ann. He carefully shuffled the few feet until they all stood in front of the computer desk. 
“Amidst a great wealth of writings and drawings about Abrahamster and his friends we found sound and video recordings of public sessions where Abraham appeared with the help of Esther Hicks and directly addressed questions and problems that participants confronted them with. It was hearing and seeing these powerful demonstrations of infinite intelligence, love, patience and appreciation that convinced most of the first campers to delve deeper into the philosophy of deliberate creation and Law of Attraction. I have a short passage cued up for you, John. Watch and listen, and you too will understand,” Edie May promised. 
At a push of a button on the input device the computer screen went dark just to come back to life a moment later, showing a small frame containing a fuzzy video sequence of a small room filled with people of all ages, races and genders. The camera panned across the clapping and cheering audience and then cut to the stage where a middle-aged woman stood with bare feet and smiled into the room. 
“Hi,” Esther Hicks said and giggled, “bye.” 
She closed her eyes and breathed deeply a few times, her head gently bobbing back and forth as if she was nodding agreement with what was about to happen. When she opened her eyes, she smiled and looked around the room and the stage. Her voice came back with a more focused and deliberate timbre. The words she spoke were carefully chosen. There was not a hint of hesitation or uncertainty in the delivery of the message. There was no doubt Abraham spoke. The scene was obviously recorded after the meeting had come back from a break.
“And are you refreshed?” Abraham started and the audience agreed, “Imagine standing at the edge of a river, a quickly flowing powerful river. You have a boat with ores attached to the sides and you place the boat into the river and you start paddling upstream. Sounds silly, doesn’t it? Still, our dear friends, this is exactly what most humans, if not all of them, do. You put your boat into the river of life and you start paddling upstream. You get a better boat, and more skills paddling, and more muscles and most of all more determination, and the harder you paddle, the faster the river flows. When we ask you, ‘Why don’t you let go of the ores and go with the flow?’ you answer every time, ‘It never entered my mind.’, and you go on to explain to us that all the rewards and fortunes and statues and glory are reserved for those who paddle the hardest and you will work tirelessly and diligently to get some of these for yourself. And, some of you emphasize, that you have heard that after you die there are more rewards for those who struggled the most.”
The audience was quite amused by the picture that Abraham was painting. After a short pause for effect they continued.
“If there is one thing that we want you to take home with you today, one thing that we want with all that we are, for you to understand, it is this. Are you ready? Nothing that you want is upstream.” 
They looked around the room searching for any sign of comprehension. 
“Nothing that you want is upstream,” they repeated before the computer screen went dark. 
The three of them stood in silence staring at the blank screen. The Lilly-Book returned to its initial screen configuration after a few seconds, breaking the spell that had befallen Taylor. 
“This does go against everything I have ever heard before, but it is exactly what my life was like. It is as if they were speaking specifically about me. How can that be?” Taylor looked at Edie May for answers. 
“Don’t worry about it,” Lilly Ann chimed in, “nobody understands Abraham fully when they hear them for the first time. Enough of that heavy brainiac intellectual stuff for now. Let me show you my favorite spot at Sudbury. Maybe then you will understand.”
Edie May was elated at the spirit Lilly Ann was showing and at her inspired ways to help Taylor along the path of his discovery of their world. She stood, quietly basking in the loving energy that radiated through the study hall as she watched the two cautiously make their way out the door. 




Chapter 11: The River




“Wait here,” Lilly Ann said to Taylor once they had slowly walked a short way down the hallway, “I’ll grab something for lunch from the kitchen. I’ll be right back.”
Taylor did as he was told and leaned against the wall for support. The activity around him was electrifying. Students of literally all ages were buzzing in and out of various doors, sometimes by themselves, sometimes in small groups heatedly discussing their favorite subjects. He was most intrigued by the youngest attendants of the learning institution. Some of the girls and boys could not have been more than four or five years of age and they still roamed the hallway on their own accord and pace. He never heard a bell calling the students to their classes nor was he able to distinguish teachers from students most of the time. If this was indeed a school it was of a very different format to what he remembered of his days as a youngster. 
Lilly Ann was back after a short while cheerfully dangling a paper bag in front of his face.
“Let’s have a picnic!” She exclaimed and led Taylor to a door opposite from the one through which they had entered the building earlier.
Lilly Ann and Taylor walked out onto a meandering gravel path that led them through a magical garden of colorful flowerbeds and artistically pruned shrubs with lush green patches of grass in-between. Young people writing in journals or reading books sat on wooden benches, chairs and recliners and a group of girls was intently occupied with replanting one of the beds with exotic seedlings, carefully logging the progress they made in blue fabric-bound file folders. 
As they reached the far end of the clearing the path disappeared into a lightly wooded area of oak and maple trees. Rays of sunlight broke through the green canopy above, painting lively patterns onto last year’s leaves between the trees. 
A short distance into the woods a new sound mixed into the whisper of the wind, the singing of the birds and buzzing of flying insects. They were obviously approaching a river that noisily made its way down the valley. In front of them appeared an archway that was cut into a dense wall of hazel shrubs that still bore a few catkins. They stepped through the man made opening and were greeted by the breathtaking sight of a narrow but fast moving river. Water was rushing between boulders and rocks spiking white fountains high into the air. In the calm waters below the big rocks they could see large rainbow trout stand in the clear cold water waiting for prey. 
A young man of maybe sixteen years of age quietly stood at the edge of the river bank skillfully casting a fishing line across the stream from a long flexible rod. The bait at the end of the line resembled one of the flying insects they had observed while walking through the woods. He whipped the rod back and forth a few times keeping the light line airborne while steadily extending its reach. After three or four repetitions he let the bait soar across the water with a fluid motion of his wrist. It landed on the water just a few feet upstream from a big beautiful fish, which immediately turned towards the supposed fly. Trout are smart though, big trout are old and old trout are even smarter. This time the fish smelled the deceit and let the bait swim by untouched. When the hunter becomes the hunted a game of wit and skill ensues that brings about the opportunity to learn and grow for everyone involved. 
“Is fishing part of the curriculum here?” Taylor asked Lilly Ann jokingly pointing in the direction of the young man.
“Oh, you mean Louis,” she replied, “He picked up a fishing rod a few weeks after his first visit to Sudbury. He has been fishing ever since.”
Taylor looked at her in disbelieve. “You mean all he ever does is fish? He does not attend any classes? How is he supposed to learn other basic things?”
Lilly Ann thought about it for a moment. She had that look on her face that said, ‘How do I say this so even a man from Mars could understand?’ It was an interesting and eye opening exercise to have to explain the how and why and what of the only way of life she knew to a man with a very different worldview. She learned a lot about herself in these days.
“Out here he learns everything he needs to learn at any given time,” she started, “Louis knows everything there is to know about this river and the fish inhabiting it. He knows about the insects they eat, about their mating habits, about seasons and the changes in the water. He can predict the weather just by looking at the waves. He read everything that was transcribed from the Lilly-Book about fish and fishing. I think he is doing extraordinary well.”
“But what about other things?” Taylor was not yet satisfied with Lilly Ann’s reasoning, “What about literature and math and history and geography? Don’t you think that everybody should have at least a basic understanding about these topics?”
“Maybe,” Lilly Ann replied vaguely, “but for the students here there are no required studies or subjects. For every question there will be an answer but if there is no desire to learn there will be no desire to teach. It is very simple really.”
“And this works?” Taylor blurted out.
“I would think so,” Lilly Ann replied thoughtfully, “our immediate ancestors have been living in this place for almost ten generations practicing these principles. They had to carve out a way to survive and prosper in an unfamiliar environment, cut off from the rest of the world. Look around, I would say it works wonderfully, wouldn’t you?”
Taylor smiled and nodded his head.
“You are right,” he said, “I have to remember that just because an idea collides with my believes doesn’t mean it’s wrong, especially in this place,” he added with a wink.
A short distance downstream Taylor recognized the fallen tree that Lilly Ann had described so vividly in her first game story a few days earlier. It was as magnificent and inviting as he had imagined it. 
“Is this your tree?” he asked, “Let’s have our picnic there.”
“Good idea,” Lilly Ann agreed. 
Climbing over small rocks and gravel on the river’s banks was challenging for Taylor’s newly recovered balance and foot control. Without being conscious of it, every carefully placed step brought back a treasure of muscle memory to his revitalized limbs. His movements grew steadier and more fluid with every inch of the way. Lilly Ann watched him with great satisfaction, only occasionally offering a helping hand. 
The mighty tree, split in half by lightning and toppled over by the merciless storms bathed its branches in the frigid stream. With its flat side facing the sky it provided a wide and safe platform reaching half way across the water. Busy hands had carved out footholds at its end to allow easy access to the curious visitor. Five small steps rewarded the climber with a spectacular view over the river and the rocky shore on the other side. 
“You wanna go first to pull me up or follow me to push?” Taylor joked. 
“I’ll go first,” Lilly Ann decided, “that way, if you loose your grip and fall you won’t land on me.” She stuck out her tongue and ran up the tree trunk in three swift strides.
“Thanks for your concern and your confidence in me,” Taylor continued the teasing, “I’ll remember that.”
He stepped up to the tree and grabbed one of the unearthed roots next to the stairs. He cautiously placed his right foot into the first step and pulled himself up in one powerful motion. He did the same with the other steps and in no time he triumphantly joined Lilly Ann at the top. Throwing his arms up into the air he yelled his infamous battle scream loud enough to spook every trout in the river for weeks, “Geronimo!” 
Lilly Ann danced around him singing and laughing, “You did it, I knew it, you did it.”
They walked a few yards down the tree trunk to where the water rushed beneath their platform. Sitting down on the bare wood Lilly Ann opened the paper bag, which she had slung over her shoulder for their walk. 
“One jar of lemonade for John, and one jar of lemonade for Lilly Ann,” she divided her bounty, “one ham and cheese sandwich for John and one ham and cheese sandwich for Lilly Ann,” she continued. 
It was obvious how much she enjoyed to share her abundance with Taylor and how much she wanted to allow him an insight into her life by showing him her favorite places. Taylor popped open his lemonade filled mason jar. 
“Mmm, this is good,” he said after the first sip, “I wouldn’t have thought that one could grow lemons up here in the mountains.”
“You can do a lot of things if you really want to and allow the ideas to flow that make it happen,” Lilly Ann said between bites from her sandwich. 
They sat there quietly for a few minutes munching on their lunch and staring across the water. 
“That river,” Taylor broke the silence, “it gets me thinking. What was that again with putting a boat in the river and going with the flow? That woman from the Lilly-Book had a certain aura about herself as if she knew what she was talking about, but she sure lost me after the first few words.” 
“Tell me about it,” Lilly Ann agreed, “I have seen a lot of these recordings and most of the problems that people are complaining about seem so foreign to me that I can’t even imagine how I could get myself into these situations. On the other hand, if you want something you don’t have or if you experience something that you don’t like it doesn’t matter what it is, the principle to make it right is always the same. It’s simple.” 
“Really,” Taylor frowned, “care to run that by me again?”
 “See, the river,” Lilly Ann thought out loud, “is like the energy that you summon when you want something. Remember, Law of Attraction always brings you what you focus on? So let’s say Abrahamster wants a new T-shirt that reads, ‘Abe likes John!’ because he has found a brand new friend. His wish makes the energy flow to get him the T-shirt. But sometimes Abrahamster puts his boat into the stream that would get him to his new shirt but all he can think about is that he does not have his new shirt and that he really wants it because he likes John so much and his old T-shirt is already faded and torn in a few places and he doesn’t know where to get a new shirt and he doesn’t really have any hamster-bucks to trade for the shirt and who knows, maybe no one ever made a shirt like the one he wants. With every one of these thoughts he is paddling upstream against the current and he doesn’t get anywhere close to his new shirt. Know what I mean?” 
She looked at John waiting for a sign of understanding. 
“I understand what you are saying, but I am not sure where we are headed. Please go on,” he asked.
“Well, you know that Abrahamster is a very smart hamster and he knows about Law of Attraction and at some point, maybe when his arms are getting a bit sore form paddling he remembers that the stream will take him to whatever he wants and he pulls the ores into the boat and allows himself to be swept away to his new T-shirt. It’s all about wanting something to get the stream going and then going with the flow to allow it into your experience.” 
“Nothing that you want is upstream, huh?” Taylor mused.
“Exactly,” Lilly Ann said eagerly, “upstream is the stuff that made you want something new in the first place. If you could go upstream, which you can’t because the stream gets stronger the harder you paddle against it, you would only find more of what you do not want. As long as you try to explain why you want to get away from the place you are standing in, or justify why you deserve something you want, you just stay where you are and get tired and sore and old and then you die and everybody else gets all the great stuff you have conjured up in your mind. I am sure Abrahamster really loves his new T-shirt.” 
Lilly Ann pulled out a small piece of paper from her back pocket and handed it to Taylor. Sure enough, the little cartoon fellow smiled his biggest hamster smile while sporting a brand spanking new blue T-shirt that read in big white letters, “Abe likes John!” 
Taylor’s eyes lit up with a smile. “I don’t believe it,” he said, “when did you do this?”
“Oh, last night, before I went back to sleep,” Lilly Ann replied, “Do you like it?”
“I love it,” he said enthusiastically, “you are a strange cookie, did you know this?”
“Speaking of cookies,” Lilly Ann was unimpressed, “I almost forgot that we have a few cookies left in the bag for desert. Want some?”
“Sure, thank you,” Taylor stuck his hand out for the sweet treat, “how come, when all of this going with the flow business is so easy, why isn’t everyone doing it to get whatever they want? There’s gotta be a catch somewhere.”
“You are right, there is,” Lilly Ann replied while chewing on her cookie, “because Law of Attraction is bringing you more of what you think about, you always see more stuff that shows you where you stand and not where you want to go.” She bit off another hearty chunk to gather her thoughts. 
“See, Abrahamster has an uncle, his name is Whillie.”
“Like your brother’s name?” Taylor interrupted.
“Yes, kinda, but this one is spelled with an H after the W,” she explained, “Whillie is a smart, strong hamster who was always good to his family and worked hard every day to make a good living. In his little hamster mind, though, he dreams of the really good life in a big cavern, running free all day long, playing with his kids and his wife and his friends and never having to think about earning a living anymore. But all he can see before him is the hamster wheel that he is on which he has to turn to stay afloat. So he runs and runs day in and day out on his wheel and all he can see is the next step that his little feet can reach. And the next step is coming right after that one and he hurries so he doesn’t miss a step and the more he hurries the faster the steps come rushing on and he gets the feeling that he can never get ahead.”
Lilly Ann was exhausted just holding that picture in her mind. 
“Abrahamster tries to talk to his uncle Whillie and explains about Law of Attraction, that he would just have to stop worrying about the next step on the wheel for a moment and turn his head so he could see what else is out there and get some new thoughts into his mind. He might be able to jump off the wheel altogether and find the life that he had been secretly wishing for all along. But you know it is hard to hear something that you did not ask for yourself, when the reality in front of your eyes is telling you a different story. There is much to think about just by looking around you and observing where you stand and there is much to regret and bemoan when your past has not been much to your liking and there is much to worry and fret about when you see your future just as an extension of your past and your now. And so Whillie takes another spin on the hamster wheel chalking up Abrahamster’s well-intended suggestions as youthful idealism that has nothing to do with the life of an old hamster who has to provide for a big family. Maybe some of what Abrahamster has said to uncle Whillie got stuck in Whillie’s mind and will make him curious about other ways to go about his life. Maybe one day he will look around and focus on a different thought than whatever is in front of his eyes and then Law of Attraction will help him by providing stuff that match the new thoughts he was offering. I am sure that it will be a very happy day in Whillie’s life when he recognizes that he can do something about changing his life just by deliberately focusing his thoughts.”
“Hm,” Taylor was not yet completely comfortable with this train of thought, “something about that Law of Attraction business doesn’t seem right to me.” He was hunting for the right words, “Why would Law of Attraction not just bring us what we really want and everyone would live happily ever after? It seems to be a great waste of time and energy to bring us the wrong stuff all the time.”
“That’s exactly what uncle Whillie said when Abrahamster told him about LOA for the first time. The thing is, LOA as the name suggests is a Law of the universe. It is something like the older brother of the Law of Gravity. Gravity does not make a difference between a raindrop that falls from the sky to water the plants on the ground and a man that falls from the sky which makes a big mess and almost kills him,” she smiled at Taylor with raised eyebrows, “Law of Attraction works the same way. It does not decide what is good for us or what is not good, it does not know what we want or what we do not want. It only knows where our attention is at any given moment and it matches the vibration of the thoughts we are focused on with more of that.”
Taylor looked out over the river deep in thought.
“If I want something that I don’t have right now,” he contemplated, “and I feel bad because I don’t have it, it is only because of the way I think about it?”
“Yep,” was Lilly Ann’s short answer.
“And if I find a way to think about what I want and not about not having it, it makes me feel better because then I am going with the flow?”
“Yep,” Lilly Ann eagerly awaited Taylor’s next thought. 
“And if I do that, I get whatever I want?”
“Yep.”
“This sounds simple enough,” he concluded.
“Told you,” Lilly Ann beamed.
“But not easy,” he cautioned.
“No one ever said that,” she shrugged.
“Right,” he frowned, “so what is all of this good for? It seems a lot of effort just to remember what we should know to begin with?”
“I think the reason is ‘more’,” Lilly Ann said cryptically.
“More of what?” came the prompt question.
“More of everything,” for her it was clear as day, “we look into the world and decide what we want more of. Then we relax into that idea and let the river carry us to that, and on and on it goes. Every time we have more we see the world from a new place and then we decide what else we want more of. I guess that’s what we are here for.” After a short pause she added, “And of course not to forget the fun we can have along the way, that’s what I am here for.”
Taylor’s mind was racing, trying to match up his vast life experience with the new ideas he had been confronted with over the past few days and weeks. Much of it made sense and it felt good. Much of it made sense but it did not feel good at all. He realized how hard he had been paddling upstream and bucking the current on so many subjects and how badly the stream had beaten him up at times. The thought that all of this had been caused by his own thinking was almost too much to bear. 
“You can only put your boat into the river where you stand right now,” Lilly Ann tried to soothe the obvious tumult that was playing out on Taylor’s face, “that’s enough, because it’s all you’ve got, so it has to be enough. You are doing so exceptionally well, you can allow yourself to relax a little.”
Taylor’s hesitant nods and the wry smile on his lips made clear that it would take a while longer for him to sort through the conflicting thoughts and emotions that raged in his mind. The tornado of new ideas had laid waste to life long believes and certainties and the chasm it has hewn into Taylor’s worldview would have to be filled with new viewpoints and conclusions. The door to a new world of thought had been blasted wide open and now he found himself on the other side searching for a new place to hang his hat. 
Taylor’s gaze wandered up the riverbank to where Louis was still casting his line and flying his bait across the river. He stood there, one with the flow of the river and one with the flow of his life. He didn’t seem to mind the time that had passed since any of the fish showed interest for his lures. He cast his line, watched it drift down the stream to where he expected the fish to wait and reeled the line back in when the fly swam past its target untouched. He straightened out the artificial insect that was tied to the end of his line and again the skillful arm drove the line through the air and onto the water. He just stood there to fish like he had done for hours and days and years all the while learning about life and the flow and desire that wants to be allowed. 
“There is a lot you can learn from a river, right?” Taylor stated more than he asked. 
“Everything,” Lilly Ann agreed, “one can learn everything there is to know about life while standing at a river to fish.” After a little pause she added, “Or while drawing a little cartoon, or while repairing a car engine, or while flying an airplane, or…”
“I get the picture,” he interrupted her raising his arms in mocked defiance. 
Lilly Ann got on her feet signaling that this picnic had run its course.
“You have three choices how to get down from this tree,” she had that devilish tone in her voice again, “you can climb, jump or fall. What’s it gonna be?” 
“If these are my options,” Taylor played along laughing, “I’ll first try to climb, then jump and if both don’t work, I guess I’ll fall. You go first so you can catch me if everything else fails, will ya?” 
“No way,” Lilly Ann shrieked and ran to the beached end of the tree trunk and jumped off into the soft sand laughing hysterically. 
Taylor joined her laughter and slowly followed her at a pace more consistent with the current state of his body. 




Chapter 12: Just Ask Lilly




Lilly Ann and Taylor had waved good-bye to Louis, the fisherman, and walked back towards the Sudbury main building. Stepping out of the forest onto the open park landscape they immediately were engulfed by the lively afternoon activities on the lawns and flowerbeds. 
“I wonder what the world would look like when every school was as much guided by inspiration as Sudbury,” Taylor mused, “when more people could grow up with the guidance and wisdom that your philosophy provides. I bet things would be a lot different from what they are now.”
“Maybe,” Lilly Ann replied, “but as you know, the difference is in the asking and in the allowing of answers to flow, not in the teaching of wisdom or philosophy.” 
“You mentioned that before,” Taylor was still skeptical, “but to me this still sounds a bit like an easy way out. I’m not sure I would have asked any questions if I hadn’t seen your way of life right in front of my nose. In that regard reality was very convincing to me.”
“You are selling yourself short, John Taylor,” Lilly Ann suggested, “from what I have heard you say, you have had these questions simmer in your mind for a very long time, maybe all the way back to your childhood. Also, your friends saw the same things around here that you did. None of them raised any questions or was willing to get to the core of what we are all about. They didn’t ask so they could not see. You asked and now you see.”
“That’s one way to look at it,” Taylor conceded still not entirely convinced. 
For the next few weeks Taylor concentrated on getting his body back in shape and regaining the freedom to move about without assistance. Lilly Ann had offered him to stay in her guest room as long as he liked and so his days were filled with physical exercise, breakfasts shared at the kitchen table, lunches and dinners at various eateries around town and the occasional invitation into private homes of Lilly Ann’s friends. 
He had asked Edie May if he could borrow transcripts from the Lilly-Book which he studied for hours at a time. Lilly Ann started to be concerned that his brain would catch fire if he kept devouring all that heavy intellectual stuff at the rate he was going. She was certain that this could not be healthy for anybody. Occasionally he would ask Lilly Ann to drive him to Sudbury for another session at the Lilly-Book to find clarification on subjects, which perplexed him more than usual. 
Taylor slept a lot and enjoyed hot baths in the bath shed next to Lilly Ann’s gingerbread house. He got more accustomed to the way of life in Flugerton and so the stark contrast to his own past did not feel as disorienting to him as it had before. Still, the more he read and intellectually understood of the philosophical foundation the town was built on, the more restless he became. He felt a growing responsibility to the people he had left behind. ‘If they only knew what he knew,’ was a thought that he could not get out of his mind. 
On his frequent walks around town Taylor could not help but be amazed by the open and genuinely positive way people would greet him into their lives. Not a day passed by that he did not receive a spontaneous invitation for an afternoon cup of tea or a refreshing glass of buttermilk or lemonade. Sure, almost everyone in town had heard of the man who fell from the sky and children kept yelling, “Geronimo!” whenever they spotted him in the streets, but it was not the hunger for sensational stories or the prestige of having the infamous flying man as guest, that he sensed. It was the simple pleasure to sit with the new guy in town and exchange a few stories, a few laughs or ideas that made people open their homes and hearts to him. He learned as much from the stories he heard on these occasions as he did studying the Lilly-Book papers. 
“I had the most enlightening conversation today,” Taylor announced, coming home from one of his afternoon walks, “with a four year old girl,” he added with emphasis. 
“Yeah, what she say?” Lilly Ann asked.
“She was drawing with chalk on the sidewalk, so I asked her what she was drawing,” Taylor reported, “she said, ‘Abramster.’ and looked at me as if there was something wrong with me for not noticing right away. Then she said, ‘Your turn.’ I didn’t think I had much choice in the matter so I picked up a piece of chalk and before I could touch it to the ground she had grabbed my hand and carefully dragged it back and forth over the stones until, I’m not kidding you, a beautiful Abrahamster cartoon was finished before me. She jumped up, said, ‘See?’, kissed me on the cheek and skipped down the road giggling. It was most surreal, heartwarming, enlightening, inspiring, I don’t know what else to say.”
“Neat,” Lilly Ann said with a big smile, “did you ask her?”
“Ask her what?” Taylor replied.
“If you should go back home to teach your people about Law of Attraction,” Lilly Ann dropped the bomb on him, “this is why you have been devouring all these transcripts like there is no tomorrow, isn’t it?” 
She looked him straight in the eyes without a hint of concern. 
“That would be a motivation to learn as much as I can,” Taylor agreed, “but why would I ask a little girl on the street which way I should decide?”
“What was the girl’s name?” Lilly Ann asked back.
“She said her name was Lilly,” Taylor was curious where this would lead, “I was surprised too when I heard that name again.”
“That should not surprise you,” Lilly Ann laughed, “every child in town is called Lilly at an early age.”
“Really, how come?” Taylor inquired.
“Well, right after Edie came here with the Lilly-Book and it became more and more clear that Lilly Fluger’s Abrahamster would be the mayor of the town, so to speak, people started to name their newborn girls Lilly more frequently. In time Lilly became not just a name but also a synonym of a girl born in Flugerton. Since most of the first settlers had their own way of looking at every day things a few started to name their boys Lilly too. So, today every child is called Lilly until they decide for a new name on their own. The word Lilly and small child or baby is almost interchangeable here.” 
“That explains a lot,” Taylor had a hard time keeping his eye from popping out, “but how do you distinguish between them when you call a child?”
“You don’t call them by their name, you call them by their vibration,” Lilly Ann explained the for her obvious, “that is very distinct.”
“Wow,” was all Taylor could utter for a few moments. Maybe this society was even more complex and different than he had imagined. 
“How … when … I mean,” he stuttered trying to get the concept aligned with his brain.
“It’s not that complicated,” Lilly Ann played down the for Taylor unthinkable, “every Lilly is an individual on a vibrational basis. They are still very much in touch with their inner reality and so they act much more from their inner truth than from outer circumstances. They also react to your inner vibration much more than to whatever you might say to them.”
“That I see,” Taylor laughed, “the girl this afternoon positively knew that I had no idea how to draw a hamster. I still don’t get why I would ask her about an important life decision.”
“It’s what we all do,” Lilly Ann had a neck of making the most incredulous statements sound self-evident.
“Do what?” Taylor insisted.
“Whenever any of us in their private lives or in a public matter has a question that they can’t get clarity over, ‘Do I go left or right?’, ‘Do I tear down my house and build a new one or not?’, ‘Do we build a new street or leave the old one alone?’, simple things, you know, boil it down on your own to ‘This or that?’ and then find any Lilly and ask her. Because they have no interest in the matter at all, nor have any desire to understand the complexity of adult life, they read your inner most vibration and without any hesitation will pick one of the choices you presented to them. Then you go do that. Simple, isn’t it?”
“You are leading me on, right?” Taylor didn’t know what to believe.
“No, why would I, you’ll see soon enough,” Lilly Ann shrugged.
“So, what if I realize that I don’t want to go with the choice that Lilly made?” Taylor felt very smart because he thought he had uncovered a flaw in the system. 
“Hallelujah!” Lilly Ann clapped her hands and laughed, “You just found out what you really want. So you choose that, no harm done. They won’t hold it against you.” 
Taylor didn’t know if this was too complicated or too simple for him to accept, but he had found one more weak spot in the matter. 
“At what age would you stop asking a child for advice?” he asked.
“That depends,” Lilly Ann did not miss a beat, “kids are all different. The only thing that matters is, that they answer without hesitation and without actively thinking about the issue at hand. Once a Lilly answers something like ‘Let me think about this.’ or ‘What do you mean?’ then they know on their own that it is time to choose a new name. Many of them will tell you flat out ‘Go ask Lilly, I am Lilly Ann” or whatever their chosen name might be. That’s what I did, I think I was about three and a half years old.” 
“Are you telling me that if I would ask a group of children the same question they would all answer the same?” This was a tough pill to swallow for Taylor.
“Yep,” Lilly Ann enjoyed this immensely, “although there is a very high probability that only one of them would answer you and the others would ignore you and go about their own business. It is amazing, I’ll give you that, but when you remember where they had come from just a short while ago, pure positive energy, that they might have that direct connection to our vibrational nature for a while longer makes some kind of sense, doesn’t it?” She looked lovingly at Taylor, happy and proud that he would work so hard trying to understand the unexplainable. 
“Our town, all you see around you is built on decisions made by children younger than five years of age, that’s why we do not have any form of government. For anything complicated or far reaching we just ask Lilly.” 
“Do all children have this ability?” Taylor asked.
“Yes,” Lilly Ann confirmed, “all Lillys are the same in their connection to our nonphysical nature. Only their growing focus in the physical world and the abstract contemplation of ideas and circumstances puts distance between them and the inner world. The very nature and reason of human existence ends their ability to read vibration directly.” 
“Have you asked Lilly yet?” was a question Taylor would start to hear several times every day. Not from Lilly Ann, she never pressured him into anything he didn’t seem to be ready for, but from strangers or acquaintances he met on the street. The whole town seemed to have developed an interest in the progress he was making with his studies and his plans for the future. It was a rare occurrence that someone would waltz into town and try to pick up their whole philosophy and way of life from scratch. The last one some of the elders remembered was Lilly Ann’s grandfather Fritz who at first didn’t show any interest other than for a certain young female who was the reason he came back to Flugerton to begin with. 
“Hi John, have you asked Lilly yet?” became the standard greeting that Taylor was welcomed with around town. It wasn’t ill spirited and the innocent curiosity lead to many interesting discussions and pleasurable chitchat. 
“Not yet, you think it’s time to ask?” Taylor replied on many occasions. 
“That’s only for you to know,” the answer was always the same, “or you could ask Lilly.” Now there was a closed loop if there ever was one.
One day Taylor was resting his legs sitting down on one of the many bench-sculptures that lined the streets as a young couple that strolled by holding hands recognized him from across the street. Taylor had seen them on several occasions but had never talked to them before. The young man waved and yelled, “Geronimo! Have you asked Lilly yet?”
His girlfriend giggled and slapped him over the head.
“Behave yourself Michael,” she scolded still laughing, “or I will finish our walk on the other side of the street.”
She started to cross the street with Michael in tow. 
“Don’t mind this bigmouth, sir,” she addressed Taylor, “he has been following me around all day. I can’t seem to get rid of him. Any idea what I should do?” She stuck out her hand to shake Taylor’s, “I am René, pleased to meet you Mr. Taylor.”
Taylor was delighted by the fresh and entertaining spectacle those two provided for him. 
“The pleasure is all mine, René and Michael,” he shook both of their hands, “about your dilemma with being followed, René, I would say your best bet would be to just ask Lilly.” 
All three burst out into laughter. 
“Tell me,” Taylor seized the opportunity, “it seems my own quest has been given newsworthy status around town. What’s the story that people are telling?”
René and Michael looked at each other not quite sure how to take the invitation to gossip. 
“You know, there is not much news in town usually,” René started, “so, when you and your friends first showed up with your unusual request it was a welcome diversion. You coming back in such a spectacular fashion sparked all kinds of discussions and contemplations. Most of us hadn’t paid much attention before, to the idea of living without knowing what we know.” She quickly lost her trepidation to talk candidly. “When you started to show up at the Lilly-Book more frequently people were wondering how it would be to have to reinvent ones entire believe system. I for one find it hard to even imagine. Everyone is rooting for you, that much is certain, though.”
“In a way you are a big hero to me and the guys,” Michael blurted out, “You put a lot on the line to improve life for yourself and for others and now you want to do it all over by maybe going back to your home town to spread the word about LOA. That takes some guts and confidence in your own vibes.”
‘It is amazing,’ Taylor thought to himself, ‘how similar the language and demeanor of kids in Flugerton were to those in Central Camps and how far apart they were, well, vibrationally.’ 
“Michael, would you do me a favor,” Taylor spoke to the young man.
“Sure, anything,” Michael said without hesitation. 
“Don’t think of me as a hero,” Taylor requested, “all the heroes I’ve known are long dead and I can tell you, I’m not one of them. I do all of this mainly for my own benefit.”
“Yeah, but that’s what it is all about, isn’t it,” Michael disagreed, “find your own selfish desire and to go for it, especially if you don’t know beforehand all the hows and whys. That’s as heroic as it gets,” he said passionately, “around here at least.” 
“I don’t understand,” Taylor said, “in my book heroes are supposed to be role models of selfless service to others.”
“No!” both kids exclaimed at once, laughing about the fact that they agreed on something for a change. 
“No,” René repeated, “if you think you do something for someone else you are just delegating the responsibility for your own happiness. It’s like, I do something for you, and then you must be happy, for me to be happy. What if that other person has a totally different idea of what would make them happy? Then you both lose out. Really, you can never know what would make another person happy, you just can’t read their vibes. There is only one person in the whole universe that you can make happy, that is you. Do whatever makes you happy, then you have something to give to another,” she laid out the simple truth for Taylor, “sorry, I didn’t mean to lecture you,” she added a bit embarrassed. 
“No need to apologize,” Taylor said, “no, really, thank you. This was most enlightening. And by the way, I am sure you’ll do just fine handling our hotheaded friend here,” he nodded towards Michael with a wink. 
“How many miracles does it take to make a saint?” Lilly Ann asked Taylor later during their occasional pre dinner drink on Lilly Ann’s back porch.
“Three, I guess,” Taylor remembered from his theological classes in school. 
“How many saints does it take to found a church?” Lilly Ann continued to ask.
“I don’t know, maybe ten or twenty? Does this exercise have any practical merit?” Taylor wanted to know.
“Well, I got to thinking while I was drawing earlier,” Lilly Ann’s eyes were twinkling in the late afternoon sun, “You are just one man to carry the church of Abrahamster into the world, so to speak. Three miracles to a saint and twenty saints to found a church, have you experienced fifty or sixty incidents yet that felt like a miracle to you?”
Taylor was a bit dumbfounded by that train of thought for a moment. A church? A saint? He didn’t want anything to do with either one. 
“What are you talking about?” He shook his head, and with much conviction he added, “Church is boring and saints are dead.”
Lilly Ann was royally amused by his strong willed outburst.
“All I am saying is, that you might want to experience firsthand the fullness of your inner path a bit more in depth before you go out and preach it to someone else,” she said. 
“Got it,” Taylor conceded, “that’s why I am studying all the time. This whole Abrahamster-Vibe-Attraction thing is so simple yet so mighty complex. Sometimes I think I’ll never really get it.”
“I know,” she replied lightly, “but what’s the rush?” 
Both of them nodded, sipped their martini cocktails and enjoyed the sound of critters getting warmed up for their nightly concert. 
“You know,” Taylor broke the silence. “I have no intention to found a church.”
“I know,” was Lilly Ann’s lazy reply. 
“Me, founding a church,” Taylor scuffed, he just could not let the thought go, “no way.”
“I know,” Lilly Ann repeated, “yet, even though it might not be your intention, if you happen to get through to a bunch of people, many of them will see it that way. They will make you their saint and call your house their church. There’s not much you can do about that. If you preach to those who didn’t ask, they will not want to know. They will say, ‘He is the only one who knows.’ and they will praise you and worship you and then nail you to a cross. It has happened before, you know?”
“You sound a lot like Abraham, when you get all serious,” Taylor wanted to get off the subject.
“There is a lot of Abraham in everything that Abrahamster says too,” Lilly Ann replied, “It’s hard to speak the inner truth and not sound like Abraham, sort of,” she concluded. 
“So you think I should stay here and learn more hands-on what the spiritual path is all about before I try to teach it to others?” Taylor probed.
“I can’t know that, John,” Lilly Ann said softly, “it is your path and your intentions and your desires that you must follow. I just speak out loud what Abrahamster whispers into my ear.”
“I knew you would say that,” Taylor laughed.
“I knew that you know,” Lilly Ann replied.

A few days later at breakfast Taylor knew that Edie May would join them even before he had heard her signature knock at the door. It was not so much that he was in tune with her vibration enough to sense her intentions but Lilly Ann only brewed herbal tea in the morning when she expected Edie May’s visit.
“John, have you asked Lilly yet?” Edie May greeted him and laughed when she saw him roll his eyes. 
“You people have a fascination with having fun at someone else’s expense, don’t you,” he complained jokingly.
“Oh no,” Edie May defended herself, “you are the only one who brings that out in us, and we appreciate you for it,” she laughed. 
“So happy to be of service,” he continued the joke.
“No, seriously,” Edie May’s tone of voice changed, “your quest even inspired a new children’s game. ‘Have you asked Lilly yet?’ is a phrase that gives us an opportunity to reacquaint ourselves with the true meaning behind that tradition. You know, sometimes an inspired idea can become a habit and then a tradition and then just a hollow ritual if we don’t remember where it came from and why it was a good thing in the first place. You have no idea how much we really appreciate this.”
“Neat,” Lilly Ann interrupted, “I have to come to Sudbury some time to play it with the kids. Sounds like a lot of fun.”
Taylor didn’t know if he should be proud of himself or embarrassed, so he decided to, once again, be genuinely surprised for the time being. 
“You know what bothers me about that whole ‘Just ask Lilly’ idea?” Taylor thought this was as good a time as any to get closer to making up his mind, “It feels to me as if I would ask permission for something I want to do, so I would not have to take responsibility for the outcome.”
“What’s wrong with that?” Lilly Ann shrugged.
“Well, I always take responsibility for my actions,” Taylor insisted, “If I screw up, I’ll fix it. Isn’t that normal?”
“Normal is a dangerous word, John,” Edie May cautioned, “We actually believe that it is all but impossible for any of us to really screw up, to use your terminology. We believe that life is eternal, so you cannot ever be done trying out something new or ingesting new ideas. With that in mind, you also cannot get it wrong, ever. If you find out that the path of your choice does not lead to the desired outcome you have provided an extremely valuable personal conclusion from a new vantage point that would not have been possible without your supposed error. So, you choose again. End of one story, beginning of the next one.” 
“Isn’t that the end of personal accountability?” Taylor wondered.
“It is the end of guilt and fear,” Edie May stated simply, “and neither guilt nor fear were ever great advisors for mankind.” 
Again there was an idea put in front of Taylor that he had heard of before, but would have never expected to be that relevant in a very private matter for him. He shuddered at the thought of how much time it might take for him to fully live what he had just begun to understand intellectually. 
“What is your question for Lilly really?” Edie May was curious, “Have you even thought about it yet?” 
“The question I am asking myself,” Taylor stressed, “and which I might ask Lilly is, do I live up to the responsibility that I feel for the people that are dear to my heart in South Central or do I follow my instinct that tells me to stay here and learn everything that I can for myself. I still have a very painful memory of what happened last time when I tried to leave against my personal desire. I am also fully aware of the fact that I am a bloody novice in the vibration energy work and that my attempt to show others might be more confusing than helpful. Still, it might take me years of studies and living amongst your people for me to fully understand Law of Attraction and its application in every day life. What am I going to do in the meantime? I would have to earn my keep somehow. I can’t very well stay here and abuse Lilly Ann’s hospitality.”
“So, the question is ‘Do I stay or do I go?’, right?” Lilly Ann seized the opportunity when Taylor had to take a breath.
“I guess it boils down to that,” Taylor confirmed.
“Good,” said Edie May and directed her attention to the steaming cup of tea in front of her. 
“Hi Lilly,” Taylor greeted the little boy who was sitting on the stairs in front of his home, concentrated on the coloring book in his lap. 
“I am Randy,” the boy answered, “Lilly is in the house. Are you Geronimo?” He jumped up and yelled, “Lilly, come on out, Mr. Geronimo is here!”
Taylor had a hard time not laughing out loud. 
“Thank you Randy,” he said, “you are very helpful.”
“Don’t mention it,” the boy replied. 
A little girl in a flowery summer dress peeked from behind the half opened door. Her big dark green eyes were calmly fixed on Taylor. She cautiously stepped down the wooden stairs with her bare feet.
“Geronimo?” she said with a voice that could have melted a glacier. She smiled at him and held the stuffed bear she was clutching towards Taylor. “His name is Geronimo too,” she announced. 
“Yeah, right,” her brother rolled his eyes and retreated into the house.
Taylor’s heart was about to jump into his throat. He didn’t know how to find the right words in the face of such innocence. Lilly stood there patiently waiting for him to make up his mind. She looked at him, her head cocked, holding her bear and curling a strand of her auburn hair with the other hand. 
‘It doesn’t get any better than that,’ Taylor said to himself. 
Determined to forever keep this moment in his memory he took a deep breath.
“May I ask you a question, Lilly,” he eased himself into uncharted waters.
“Yes,” Lilly’s reply was like a secretive whisper.
“Shall I go home to tell people about Law of Attraction and everything else I have learned here?” he asked in the simplest way he could think of.
The girl did not hesitate for a second.
“Nah,” she squealed shaking her head that her hair flew all around her head. She laughed an intoxicating laugh, skipped down the stairs and grabbed Taylor’s hand.
“Wanna play ‘Chinchilla’?” she asked pulling him towards the back yard.
“I don’t know what this is,” Taylor admitted, “but I am sure you can teach me.” With a sigh of relief he added, “Thank you, Lilly.”
“So, you’ll stick around for a while longer?” Lilly Ann greeted Taylor as he opened the door. 
“It seems so,” he smiled, “news travels fast around here, doesn’t it?”
“Good news does,” Lilly Ann smiled back at him.
“What about other news?” Taylor asked.
“There isn’t any.” It was as simple as that. Period.




Chapter 13: John Kisses Good




The next morning Lilly Ann was in especially high spirits. She whistled an impromptu melody skipping down the stairs. Taylor had a feeling that something was up but he didn’t ask. He had done that before and had been quickly tied up in a ‘I know something that you don’t know!’ game that had taken several hours before it was concluded, revealing their life changing dinner plans for that night. So he just sat back on his favorite chair in the kitchen and smiled knowingly, and a lot of good that did him.
“Aren’t you going to ask?” Lilly Ann got her game rolling.
“Ask what?” Taylor replied innocently. He wasn’t giving up that easily.
“Ask what I know, that you don’t know,” Lilly Ann cast her net. 
“And what would that be?” he had to remember to be more careful next time. 
“I’m not going to tell you,” she played her cards, “because you didn’t ask me nicely in the first place.” 
“That’s all right, because you don’t know, that I know, what you know,” he bluffed sporting his best high stakes poker face. 
For a fraction of a second Lilly Ann was thrown off balance. 
“Who told?” she blurted out before she recognized her mistake. 
“Gotcha!” Taylor basked in his little victory.
“No fair,” she complained, “that’s against the rules! Now I’m never gonna tell you.” 
“What are you never going to tell me,” Oh, he was really getting good at this. 
“About the party,” Lilly Ann gave up just enough to bait the trap.
“What party?” Taylor promptly walked straight in. 
“Ah, so you don’t know about it after all,” she laughed dancing around the kitchen, “I win! I am the queen of the secret game!” she proclaimed.
“Wanna know?” she just couldn’t let him off the hook that easily.
“Only if you want to tell,” he replied nonchalantly. 
“OK, ok,” she feigned giving up under pressure, “if you have to know, a few of your new friends are throwing a party at the Schwyzer House tonight, to celebrate the glorious completion of your ‘Just ask Lilly’ quest. They seem to be happy that you are staying for a while longer,” she revealed the juicy details of her secret. “I am happy too,” she added with a slightly different timbre in her voice.
“Now that is mighty nice of them,” Taylor was genuinely moved.
“We never pass up a reason for a celebration, it’s just too much fun,” she set the event into the right light, “there is going to be a band and dancing and dress up fine dining, so, wear something pretty.”
“That’ might be a tad difficult, I completely forgot to bring my tux and dress shoes,” Taylor smiled apologetic, “any idea where I could borrow some?” 
“Let’s raid dad’s closet,” Lilly Ann was excited at the prospect of having another reason to dig through her father’s stuff.
“Are you sure he won’t mind,” Taylor cautioned, “I don’t want to get you in trouble with him.”
“I wouldn’t worry about that,” Lilly Ann said calmly, “dad’s pretty cool about his possessions. You’ll see.” 
“Am I ever going to meet your parents?” Taylor asked. He sensed that there was more to the story than Lilly Ann let him know.
“Sure,” Lilly Ann replied quickly without further explanation. 
After breakfast Lilly Ann showed Taylor the magical world of her under staircase walk in closet. The walls, ceiling and floor were lined with smooth wooden panels drenching the room in a strong red cedar scent. Clothes racks, chests of drawers and carton boxes neatly organized the diverse men’s wardrobe. Each piece, even the most casual garments, exuded an air of artistry and attention to detail. Taylor had enjoyed wearing the shirts and pants Lilly Ann had offered him before and had marveled at their exceptional quality and comfort but the variety before his eyes surpassed anything he could have imagined to be stored in this small house. 
“We are looking for something fancy and fun,” Lilly Ann decided. 
She opened a tall gliding door cabinet that revealed a row of formal suits of various colors and styles.
“Now that is what I’m talking about,” she exclaimed, “what’s your favorite color to wear?”
“I never really thought about it,” Taylor admitted, “What would you like to see me in?”
Lilly Ann looked him up and down and curled her lips. 
“Orange,” she said finally.
“What?” Taylor jumped with eyes big as saucers.
“Just kidding,” Lilly Ann laughed, “how about this? Black and blue, can’t go wrong with that, right?”
The dark blue jacket she had taken from the hanger was cut in a straight, almost oriental style, with intricate floral pattern embroidery in the same color on the sleeves and cuffs. 
“Try it on,” she suggested, “I believe you wear the same size as dad.” 
Taylor had just about given up on believing in chance or destiny the longer his stay in Flugerton lasted but the perfect fit of this elegant garment that framed his shoulders and chest like it was made just for him almost made him reconsider. The length of the jacked flowed almost down to his knees emphasizing his tall and slender build. Lilly Ann had to remind herself to breathe and not stare at Taylor. To see him in her father’s elegant suit put her self control to the test. 
“I think you can take that off for now,” she said averting her eyes.
She quickly grabbed a pair of black slacks, a hand woven white French cuff shirt, cuff links, a pair of dress socks and a pair of black suede dress shoes and made her way out into the safety of her hall way. 
“Are you all right,” Taylor was getting a bit concerned.
“Sure, of course, what do you mean, I’m just fine,” Lilly Ann stammered completely out of character, “always these tough questions,” she laughed at her own sudden insecurity. A moment later she had regained her center and was being herself again. 
“I am going upstairs to work a bit on the next issue of the Chronicle,” Lilly Ann suggested, “do you want to go out for a walk? We could meet for lunch here in the early afternoon, that gives us plenty of time to get ready for the evening.” 
“What are you going to wear?” Taylor asked innocently.
“You will have to wait until you see,” she said in a promising tone. 
“I am looking forward to it already,” Taylor answered smilingly. 
There was something about Lilly Ann that day that he had never noticed before, a certain very much feminine quality that struck a chord in him whenever he looked at her. He had thought of her like his kid sister more than anything else before, now he wasn’t so sure anymore. Maybe a walk in fresh air would help him clear his mind. 
A few hours after the sun had passed its zenith Taylor returned to the house. He found the kitchen empty, a sandwich waiting for him on the table and a note in Lilly Ann’s childlike handwriting.
“Sorry I missed you. Enjoy the sandwich. Back soon. In a while, crocodile, LA.”
It was definitely a day of many firsts, and the main event had not even started yet. Taylor didn’t quite know what to make of it, but Lilly Ann’s secretive behavior paired with his own upbeat mood after the invigorating walk let him expect nothing but the best. This was going to be fun. 
He ate the sandwich and enjoyed a glass of lemonade from the icebox while reading a few pages in one of the older Lilly-Book transcripts. Soon he decided that his mind was not focusing on the text so he retired to his room to start getting himself ready for the evening. 
Looking at his reflection in the mirror on top of the dresser he decided that he needed a bath, a shave and a haircut. 
‘Well, two out of three will have to do,’ he thought not seeing any way to get his hair cut without doing some investigating first. He undressed and put on his borrowed bathrobe to tend to his personal hygiene in Lilly Ann’s bath shed. There always seemed to be enough hot water in the reservoir to fill the round wooden tub. It never occurred to him to ask how or why, it was just a luxurious convenience that he took for granted. 
With the temperature of the bath water to his liking he climbed into the tub to relax and soak and enjoy the fine fragrance of one of the many bath soaps Lilly Ann had collected on one of the shelves. He always used his time in the hot water to stretch and massage his muscles, which were still recovering from the after effects of his injuries. Washing his arms and legs he was again pleasantly surprised at the rapid and complete rehabilitation of his skin from the scuffs, burns and bruises he had sustained during his fall or to be more precise, at his unintentional landing. Edie May’s remedy had obviously worked a genuine miracle on him. 
Taylor thanked his stars for the lucky fact that there used to be a male occupant in the house. Daily necessities such as shaving utensils were still at hand and he put them to good use. The lather of the slightly perfumed shaving soap was rich and smooth and gave his skin a glowing appearance. He thoroughly enjoyed the manly ritual, which gave him the daily opportunity to reconnect with his masculine character traits. 
Pleased with the result of his thorough personal cleanup he made his way back into the house and decided to get some rest before putting on the evening garments, which were waiting in his room. He had just sat down in a comfortable chair and picked up a back issue of the Chronicle to browse through when he heard the front door open and close.
“No peeking!” Lilly Ann shouted before he was able to open the door to the hallway, “I’ll be upstairs to make myself ready. Meet me in the kitchen in an hour.”
She didn’t even come to his door and hurried up the stairs to the second floor. This was new, and Taylor had a suspicion that it would not be the last thing this evening.
He took his time to inspect the various pieces of clothing that were displayed on hangers all around the room. It was almost impossible to believe that pure chance had brought him to a house that was full of clothes and other items that would make his stay so wonderfully uncomplicated. But here he was, about to put on a suit that belonged to Lilly Ann’s father and still looked as if it was tailor made for him. The irony was not completely lost on him. 
In his former life, which wasn’t further off than a few months, he would not have dreamed of going out in public wearing an outfit as fancy and flamboyant as the one he was about to put on. The upper part of the black dress pants was cut so close to his body that they looked as if painted on. He was getting a little concerned about the dinner part of Lilly Ann’s plans until he sat down to put on socks and shoes. To his delight, the material was not only of deep black color and smooth and skin tight, it was also flexible enough to not restrict his movements. 
‘This might work out after all,’ he thought. 
He fought a bit to get the cufflinks working correctly. They were constructed with an intricate mechanism that only revealed a bright red crystal on either side of the cuffs when they were closed. He slipped into the formal coat and stood in front of the mirror for final inspection. 
Taylor almost did not recognize himself in the unfamiliar wardrobe. Everything about this suit accentuated his most favorable features. His hair was growing long which gave his face a daring yet poetic touch. He had never paid much attention to his appearance besides an almost military tidiness, but he had to admit to himself that he liked what he saw in the mirror. 
“You can come out now,” Taylor heard Lilly Ann from the top of the stairs. He opened the door and looked up. Lilly Ann was still hiding out of sight when he heard her announce with a slight insecure wavering in her voice, “Ready or not, here I come.” 
Taylor could not help but gasp at the image that seemed to appear out of thin air before him. Like a mirage conjured up by an ancient fairy tale, the epitome of woman all but hovered at the top of the stairs, looking at him with eyes as big as the sun and as bright as the moon. She gently floated down the stairs, her feet barely touching the ground, never averting her gaze. Her dress was a symphony of miles of sheer weightless veils that surrounded her like a cloud of color and light. The halter less top a chalice to safe-keep the promise of her innocent beauty. Her hair, on any other day tamed to a pony tale or hidden under a hat, framed her face like red and auburn storm driven waves of the sea, laced with braided strands of gold and crystal. He could not take his eyes off her, not even to blink.
Every woman is a queen to someone, and John Taylor’s queen had just arrived. 
“You are beautiful,” he stammered after having had to swallow hard a few times before he was even able to speak, “absolutely out of this world.” 
Lilly Ann looked deep into his eyes searching for a sign that he understood the deeper meaning of the last words he had spoken. She didn’t quite see it yet but the choice of his words alone promised that he would one day soon. 
She graced him with the smile of a woman who liked what she saw. 
“Don’t sound so surprised,” she whispered, “you don’t look too bad yourself, you know?” Stepping down the last of the stairs she added, “Just pray that I don’t kill myself with those heels. It must have been a man who came up with shoes like that,” she laughed.
The magical moment had passed and reality settled down on them like a comfortable blanket. However, the awe and appreciation of having seen a vision plucked from a heavenly realm would never again leave Taylor’s heart. 
“Are you ready for your party?” Lilly Ann’s voice lured him back to their moment in time. 
“For you my queen, I was born ready,” he delivered the corny phrase with his best British accent and relished the laughter it earned him. “Do we walk or take the van?”
“Neither,” she announced, “I commanded a carriage.” 
She slipped her hand under Taylor’s arm and pulled him to the front door. Outside the afternoon sun drenched the street in golden light and Taylor could not believe what he saw. 
“My prince, your ride,” Lilly Ann proclaimed theatrically. 
The vehicle that was parked in front of Lilly Ann’s house defied any definition. Two beautiful black Clydesdale draught horses, at least nineteen hands tall, stood in bright red and gold harness, calmly waiting to pull their carriage. It was much more difficult to find words for the wagon they were employed to draw. Taylor had seen motorcars like that in ancient movies from more than three hundred years ago. They were called Cadillac and this specific model did not have a roof and its rear fenders were shaped like shark fins. The engine had obviously been removed and been replaced by a pole to attach the horses’ harness as well as a raised bench to provide a perch for the driver. 
Lilly Ann’s brother Willie proudly occupied the driver’s seat and waved at them with a buggy whip. He was clad in a bright red mock uniform with golden tassels and a tall hat and he was obviously enjoying the perplex stares his most unusual team earned from his guests and from bystanders. He jumped off his seat and opened the doors for his two passengers. 
“Hop in,” he said eagerly, “make yourselves comfortable.”
“This was Willie’s idea,” Lilly Ann announced to Taylor, “isn’t this fun!” 
She gathered up the countless layers of her veil dress and climbed into the back seat that was lavishly covered in red crushed velvet. Taylor, still in shock and disbelieve in view of this surreal horse drawn carriage, quickly followed her and let himself sink into the pillow soft seat. 
Willie mounted his driver’s perch and cracked his whip for fun. 
“We’ll pick up Edie May and grandpa on the way to the Schwyzer House, if you don’t mind,” he said turning back to them, and off they went. 
Lilly Ann and Taylor didn’t mind the least. What could have been a more fun and pleasant way to spend a lazy afternoon than to be chauffeured around town by these powerful animals and their most accommodating driver? People on the streets stopped dead in their tracks, waved, whistled, and laughed. Flugerton had a new attraction and everyone was loving it. It took them the better part of an hour to gather up their additional passengers who were just as amazed and amused by their ride as the first two had been. Another brief drive concluded their carriage ride in front of the tavern where guests were steadily arriving and festive lighting set the stage for the party in the outdoor dining area. 
Willie parked the coach right in front of the Schwyzer House main gate. Quickly word got around that the guest of honor and his entourage had arrived and the crowd gathered to welcome Taylor and to congratulate him to his brave decision. He shook more hands than he could remember names. Overwhelmed by the outpour of well wishes and hospitality, he would have needed a secretary to keep track of all the dinner invitations and offers for lodging accommodations he received within just a few minutes. “Just in case you need a break from Lilly Ann,” was added with a jovial wink more than once. 
Taylor and Lilly Ann were guided to the head of the longest table Taylor had ever seen. There must have been room for more than a hundred guests and the wait staff had already begun the never-ending parade of food and drink for all guests. They were just about seated when Fritz Neuwirt took an empty wine glass and used it as a bell to quiet the guest. 
“Friends,” he said repeatedly, “friends, as you know a dear and brave soul has decided to walk his path alongside ours for a while longer. Let’s show him that we not only know how to think, but also how to drink,” cheers and hollering and clinking of glasses all around answered his joke, “and dance and sing and throw a party as if there was no tomorrow. Well, there isn’t one anyway, as long as I can remember it was always today, every day.” More cheers and laughing drowned out the rest of the speech and more than a hundred arms reached out to clink their glasses with the guests at the head of the table. 
Taylor got up from his chair and raised his glass.
“I don’t know half of you as much as I would like and I like all of you twice as much as I deserve,” he was paraphrasing a birthday speech from an ancient text, “my life came crashing down on wings of fire, literally, and you picked me up to show me another way. That I will never forget.”
It took him fifteen minutes to get through endless well wishes and clinking of countless glasses before he could take a sip from his wine and sit down in his chair next to Lilly Ann. His face was aglow from the genuine affection bestowed on him by people he hardly knew and who hardly knew anything about him. Taylor was not used to being the center of attention and for sure not of such positive attention. Still, the natural and easygoing attitude everyone was displaying so freely, made him feel at home in the midst of all these strangers. 
There wasn’t much time to be contemplative, though. Appetizers were served on lavish porcelain platters and everyone wanted Taylor to try their favorite treats. His plate was refilled each time he had tasted the bite-size delicacies and his wine glass never was just half full. The variety of dishes that were served was fantastic. There were tiny soup bowls with a myriad of different aromas and tastes and textures, steamed and grilled vegetables, masterfully prepared and seasoned with the most fragrant of spices, meats of every kind imaginable, cooked in countless ingenious ways, and a variety of bread which he could have never imagined before. This meal was a carnival for the senses with surprises and delights around every corner, with no end in sight. 
Just as some of the guests indicated their inability to continue the carnal feast, music started to play. A band of seven musicians had arranged themselves under the big oak tree and got warmed up with a wild tune of Eastern European heritage. Two guitars, an accordion, a double bass, a clarinet, a saxophone and a fiddle filled the air with passionate music that sounded into the night. All the musicians were accomplished singers and their harmonies expressed age-old themes of love and life. 
The first song had not even been concluded when men and women streamed onto the makeshift dance floor that had been constructed under the tree. The colors and shapes of elaborate costumes, suits and gowns whirled around the parquet to the rhythm of the music and many a dancer joined in with the orchestra to sing along well known tunes. 
Lilly Ann pulled on Taylor’s arm. 
“Dance with me,” she whispered in a tone no man could have refused. 
“It’ll be my pleasure,” he answered all cavalier, “if you don’t mind taking it slow with an old man.” 
“Don’t say something like that,” she jabbed him in the arm. 
Taylor got up from his chair and turned to Lilly Ann.
“Would you be so kind as to give me this dance, Mademoiselle?” he bowed in front of her.
She laughed and allowed him to lead her to the dance floor. 
The band saw Lilly Ann and Taylor approach and with an invisible signal they cut the song they were playing short and changed the tempo to a slow romantic waltz. Surprised looks turned into knowing smiles as other dancers spotted the two guests of honor. 
Lilly Ann smiled at Taylor and invited him into her dancer’s embrace. Her eyes locked onto his as she stepped closer. His right arm reached around her back to ever so gently steady her against his body. They began to sway to the music, completely unaware of their surroundings, both of their minds captured by the tenderness of their movements. The world fell away from around them lost in a cloud of sound and touch and smell. Their feet not aware of the force that binds us to the ground and time was all but a rubber band stretched in either direction from the absolute moment of now, now and yet another now. 
The crowd on the dance floor was politely unaware of the magic that took place in their midst. A cocoon of movement and laughter and song created an intimate place for new feelings to be discovered and explored. In a tender moment they both opened their eyes, their faces closer than ever. Hesitation for the sake of savoring the anticipation was all that kept them apart for just a second longer. Then, as if gravity itself had taken over, their faces were drawn closer and closer to each other. No power in the world and far beyond would have been strong enough to change what had to come. The first touch of their lips, light like a feather, sent waves of tingling electricity through their bodies and minds alike. 
Startled they both pulled back ever so slightly to look for reassurance in the other’s face. An eternal moment of gentle consideration later their lips met again, hungry, passionate and powerful this time. Like fireworks their touch exploded - no wait, that sound did not come from within their lively imagination. Lilly Ann looked around her, confused only for a moment. 
“Fireworks!” she exclaimed to give herself and Taylor time to readjust to their surroundings. 
And so it was, rocket after rocket painted the colors of the rainbow into the night sky accompanied by noisy fire crackers, roman candles, glitter and spinners and comets. The uhh’s and ahh’s of the party guests mixed with the bands futile attempt to keep up with the deafening cacophony of the fiery display. 
“Let’s get out of here,” Lilly Ann whispered into Taylor’s ear. 
He looked at her as if asking, “Are you sure?”
She nodded and took him by the hand. No one paid much attention as the secretive pair quietly slipped to the exit to vanish into the night. Covered in the blanket of darkness they slowly strolled down the street, looking to the sky and then again at each other, just to sink once more into a blissful kiss that removed the barrier between their bodies and minds and souls. Leaned against a tree or a house or a poll they enjoyed the growing awareness of the secrets that their bodies still held. The promise of more was apparent in every touch and kiss and every word. Sweet bell-like giggles and moans and whispers could have been heard if anyone else had wanted to listen in to the lover’s song. But the night was quiet as if it had smiled at them and said, “All is well. You are loved.”
A short walk that might just as well have taken forever brought them back to Lilly Ann’s house. They both thought that their heartbeats could have been heard from miles away as they stepped through the door. Lilly Ann did not release Taylor’s hand as she turned onto the staircase that led up to her bedroom. No words were necessary between them, their understanding easy and complete. A man and a woman celebrating their awakening to the life summoning force of new love. It doesn’t get better that this.
Mr. Big tiptoed around the bed in Lilly Ann’s room, unsure if he was welcome as usual since an unfamiliar occupant was still fast asleep. Ever the fearless explorer he decided to jump anyway, landing near Taylor’s bare feet. Oh, that toe looks familiar after all, the big cat thought and playfully started to nibble. Bite, kick, scream, the cat was back on the floor quicker than even he had anticipated. Taylor needed a moment to regain his bearings. Yes, right, last night, Lilly Ann. Where was his new lover anyway? 
Taylor quietly climbed down the stairs, an interesting journey first thing in the morning. He found Lilly Ann in shorts and T-shirt gathering the ingredients for a hearty breakfast. 
“Good morning, my love,” he greeted her. As she turned around his chin almost dropped to the floor. The shirt she was proudly wearing sported a brand new Abrahamster painting. The little cartoon fellow was dressed in a blue T-shirt himself announcing, ‘John kisses good!’ 
“When, how, what, ...” he stammered before they broke down in uncontrolled laughter, hugging and dancing around the kitchen. 
“This morning, I made it, this,” Lilly Ann answered his questions and pointed at her chest. 
“I have a feeling that this is going to be a wild ride,” Taylor said with raised eyebrows. 
“You better believe it,” Lilly Ann confirmed the obvious.




Chapter 14: Light




John Taylor had acclimated to life in Flugerton with the constant challenge of readjusting his perception on many topics, from the mundane to the esoteric. At first, when people would do something that seemed odd or illogical to him he used to just blurt that out. He had earned his share of blank stares, annoyed looks as well as amused outbursts from pitying smiles to all out laughing fits. So he got a bit more cautious over time, when he was trying to inquire about an unusual habit, especially when everyone else seemed to think it was the most natural thing in the world. One of those things that perplexed him for a long time was the common use of artificial light. Even small children would go into dark rooms and just clap their hands twice and the lights would come on. Not only that, they would come on at different light levels depending on who did the clapping or what their intentions were in the room. Another double clap and the lights would go out.
One evening as he was meeting with Edie May for a study session at the Lilly-Book he got the perfect opportunity to find out about it. Edie May led him into the book hall, clapped her hands and the lights came on. 
“How did you do that?” Taylor asked right out. 
“Do what?” Edie May asked back with a knowing smile on her face.
“The lights,” Taylor insisted, “how do you make the lights come on, and why the clapping? I tried it before and it does not work for me.”
“Really?” Edie May was trying not to show her amusement too obviously, “Even the little ones know how to do it.”
“I’ve seen that.” Taylor had some difficulty not to get impatient. He decided to let Edie May have her moment of humor. 
“Come here, I’ll show you,” she finally agreed. 
“It was a long time ago, when chaos was spreading and the war parties started to sabotage each others infrastructure, that one day without any warning the lights went out in Flugerton. Somewhere between here and the main grid the power cords had been destroyed. Of course nobody thought of repairing them because for the rest of the world this area had been abandoned and deserted and that was just all right with our ancestors.”
“For three days the nights were dark if it were not for the candles that were put up all around the camps and villages. In the evening of the fourth day one of the little ones came home after spending some time with the Lilly-Book, which was still running off its solar power supply. He walked into the dark living room, clapped his hands twice and the lights came on.”
“Nobody had an explanation for this strange phenomenon. They asked him to come to another house and the same thing happened. He clapped his hands, and the lights came on. Of course everybody tried to do like he did but no luck. The little guy seemed to be the only one who had power over the lights.”
“When they asked him how he did it he just said, ‘I saw it in the Lilly-Book.’ This of course surprised everyone because many had studied the Book and there were quite a few masters among them but even those were not able to do as the boy did without any effort.”
“So, they went to investigate and asked him to show them the page in the book where he had learned to control the lights. They opened the Lilly-Book and to everyone’s amazement he did not recall any Abraham material or even drawings of Abrahamster but he showed them the part of an ancient television broadcast that was interrupted by nervous little sketches that seemed to paddle merchandize in a very loud and annoying fashion. Can you imagine their looks when the people saw this?” 
She started a short movie clip on the Lilly-Book of various people clapping electric lights on and off with a little electrical Clapper contraption. 
“Not knowing what that device was, the little guy just thought that this was the obvious way to get the lights back on. In his innocence he believed and expected the lights to come on and so they did. It took a few days of sending the boy from house to house to turn the lights on and off until after many trials more and more people found the believe in their mind to replicate the effect. Today it’s one of the first things little children learn and nobody even asks why it works anymore.” 
Taylor stared at Edie May with his mouth and eyes wide open. It took a long while of silence before he regained his speech. “Wow!” was all he could utter for the moment. He didn’t even care to voice his next question “Yes, but how?” He just knew that there would not be an answer that he could comprehend at that time. 
Later that night when he was alone with Lilly Ann he asked her about it. 
“Don’t feel bad,” she said. “None of us would be able to turn on one light bulb if we ever thought about the why and how. Sometimes simple faith is the only thing that stands between us and darkness and I wouldn’t have it any other way.” 
One day the ice-man didn’t come. It had been unseasonably warm for almost two weeks and everyone expected Tom the ice-man to show up at their doorsteps every day to keep those ice boxes filled and their content cool and fresh. Yet, that morning Tom was nowhere to be found. Ice was one of the great conveniences in Flugerton. Without a regulated supply of electricity for every house blocks of ice afforded them the every day luxury of cool beverages and unspoiled food even during the hot summer months. Most people took the daily delivery of ice for granted, very appreciative, certainly, but without much further thought as to how it got there or where it was coming from. 
Lilly Ann, in her role as town reporter, was curious what the reason might be for a day without ice that the whole town was facing. 
“I wonder what’s up with Tom,” she said to Taylor when noon came around without the icebox having been refilled, “he always lets us know in advance when he is out for a day or two. Wanna come along to pay him a visit at the Wal Star building?” 
“Sure,” said Taylor, always eager to learn more about his new hometown, “what is Wal Star?”
“It’s just this old building from before the war,” Lilly Ann explained, “I think it was some kind of market. Part of the sign is still there, it says, ‘Wal’ and a star, so we call it Wal Star.” 
“I can’t believe it,” Taylor laughed, “you have a Wal*Mart here? That’s one of the few remaining chain stores in the country, Wally World. I have to see that.”
Happy, but somewhat surprised about Taylor’s enthusiasm Lilly Ann led the way to her van and off they drove to the edge of town. A short ride in the now smoothly running vehicle and sure enough, there it was. The Wal*Mart store had seen better days but the main structure was mostly intact. The vast parking lot had been reclaimed by the neighboring meadows and a small herd of goats feasted on the hearty green between broken patches of concrete. Lilly Ann did not want to risk getting stuck on the debris that cluttered up the front of the building so she parked the van at the entrance to the former parking lot.
She and Taylor cautiously made their way to the back of the building where Lilly Ann remembered Tom’s ice making operation. Turning the corner to the loading dock they spotted Tom sitting on one of the platforms seemingly in deep meditation. The sound of their feet on the loose gravel made him look up. He blinked his eyes a few times and waved at them.
“Hello, what brings you out this way on such a lovely afternoon?” he greeted them cheerfully. 
“Well, we were wondering about the ice delivery,” Lilly Ann answered, “or better, why there wasn’t any today. Are you all right, Tom?” 
“I couldn’t be better,” Tom laughed, “sorry, that I didn’t give any notice about the ice not coming today, but you see, the machine just stopped working early in the morning and I couldn’t get it started up again. I thought I’d meditate a bit, maybe I’ll get an idea how to fix it.” 
“So, how’d it go?” Lilly Ann was curious.
“Nothing so far,” Tom admitted, “but with the two of you here that’s going to change, I’m sure.” 
“You want us to meditate with you?” Lilly Ann inquired, “We can do that.”
“Actually, I thought more in the direction of John having been able to fix your car,” Tom said hesitantly, “maybe he can have a look at this old girl.” He lovingly patted the faded green cover of the diesel generator. 
“I guess sometimes meditation alone is not enough, right?” Taylor teased him. 
“No, no,” Tom disagreed, “you came here after all, didn’t you?” 
“That’s some interesting logic,” Taylor shook his head, “but if it works for you I won’t argue. So, what am I looking at here?”
“It’s a diesel powered electric generator that supplies energy to the ice machine in the building,” Tom explained, “it’s been here for generations and it never failed to start up again when it ran out of fuel or if one of the drive belts broke or something. Someone had made drawings of both units a long time ago and we always went by them to fix it. This time is different, though. Nothing seems to be broken but it just doesn’t want to run. Look,” he said and pushed a button inside a little electrical box. 
Somewhere in the innards of the generator housing they heard a groaning noise that swelled to a screeching.
“Turn it off,” Taylor winced, “you’ll fry the starter motor.”
He looked at the drawings that Tom presented to him. Somebody indeed had had a background in engineering, or so it seemed. These were detailed blue prints of the makeshift ice-making plant, complete with maintenance and trouble shooting procedures. 
“You say this thing has been running for how long?” he asked Tom for verification. 
“Longer than anyone can remember,” Tom replied casually. 
“And it’s been running on what?” Taylor was getting a little worried.
“It’s a mixture of recycled frying oil, alcohol and fresh vegetable oil,” Tom confirmed Taylor’s suspicions, “Terry brings it when he goes to refill the cars in town.”
“How often do you adjust the valves on the diesel?” Taylor was afraid of the answer. 
“Valves?” came the expected reply with raised eyebrows. 
“Never mind,” Taylor sighed, “do you have any tools here?”
“We have all kinds of tools,” Tom confirmed proudly, “I don’t think they have ever been used.”
He opened the back door to the Wal*Mart store and led them into a dimly lit workshop. Taylor couldn’t believe his eyes as he saw the variety of tools that were neatly placed all around the room. It seemed as if someone had pulled all the tools that were left behind from the shelves of the automotive department and hung them on the walls for display purposes. 
“Oh my,” he said, “This is going to be fun.”
He picked up a tool tray from one of the benches and began filling it with everything a man might need to build a diesel engine, not just to fix one. They went back out to the generator to see what the problem might be. 
The proceedings of the next few hours looked very familiar to Lilly Ann. Taylor was up to his elbows submerged in the big engine and handed greasy and dirty parts to Tom, who in turn laid them out neatly on the loading platform. Tom and Lilly Ann looked at each other more than once, puzzled by the inventive curse words Taylor spewed from time to time while removing overly stubborn parts. 
“Does the cursing help?” Lilly Ann teased him, “I could try it too if it does.”
“I’ll let you know for the next tough one,” Taylor grinned at her like a man who is having the time of his life, “maybe it’s easier if we both give it a go.” 
Taylor spent hours with removing parts, cleaning them with alcohol and fresh oil, soaking up trapped fuel from the cylinders, reinstalling the parts and adjusting the valves according to the specifications found in the handbook. The shadows were slowly making their way down the hill slopes when Taylor came out from under the engine for the last time and wiped his forehead with a shop towel. 
“Wanna give it a try?” he asked Tom.
“Oh, you fixed her,” Tom replied, “You start her up.” 
“Let’s hope that we fixed her,” Taylor insisted, “but she’s your baby, so go ahead.”
Tom opened the electrical box that housed the starter button. His finger paused for a second.
“You sure about that?” he asked Taylor, his concern for the machine obvious.
“Only one way to find out,” Taylor encouraged him. 
Tom pushed the button and the generator came to life. Three or four revolutions of the starter were enough to spark the ignition in the mighty motor. The first few explosions sent thick black clouds from the smoke stack but after only a few seconds the engine ran smoothly and quietly. 
“Is she still running?” Tom was not quite sure.
“Purring like a fat old cat,” Taylor grinned.
“I can hardly hear her,” Tom complained, “and there is no black smoke coming out. How am I supposed to know if she’s still running?”
Taylor did not care to answer. He just laughed and closed the panels over the generator assembly. Inside the building behind them a big block of ice fell noisily into the capture trough.
“You’ll know, Tom,” he still laughed, “you’ll know.” 
Lilly Ann had hardly spoken a word during all that time. She had a dreamy look on her face while she was watching Taylor in his element, surrounded by manmade technology. His diligent and methodic approach and his insightful understanding of complex mechanics seemed so foreign to her, but at the same time it was so comforting to see it in her mate. Every time he lifted his head from the task he was performing to look at her, grinning like a little boy at play, so proud that he was able to give something to their community, she could have jumped up and down for joy. Instead, not to alarm him, she sat there on the edge of the dock and treasured every glimpse she could get of him and every gaze he bestowed upon her, and she smiled. 
For a brief moment Lilly Ann felt the sting of doubt, if Taylor would ever find himself truly happy in the secluded reality of Flugerton. His obvious love of technology and machinery seemed to be stifled in a society that was not too eager to solve every day problems with the help of technological contraptions, or so it seemed. 
Following his heroic rescue effort at the icemaker plant, Taylor developed a magical attraction of broken technology. Not a day went by when he did not come across a car that needed a jump-start or a toaster blowing up when they were visiting friends for breakfast. He started to carry a basic toolkit with him to be prepared for minor repairs and so far he had been able to fix all but the most perplexing faults in all sorts of equipment. His reputation made the rounds and people marveled at his skills. It was good to have a handyman around everyone agreed, until someone got to thinking, that they didn’t have as many things go wrong before they had someone to fix them. 
Taylor began to notice that fewer people crossed his way on his walks and whenever he was out with Lilly Ann. He didn’t think much about it until one day he left his tool belt at home because he hadn’t touched a tool in more than a week. Walking out the door it came to him, Law of Attraction. Was he really so insecure that he needed other people to need him, even if it was just to fix their stuff? Ridiculous!
Taylor went back into the house and picked up his tool belt. He went into Lilly Ann’s back yard to find a suitable piece of metal and a length of rope. An orphaned wheel off a child’s bicycle fit his bill perfectly. He went out the front gate up to the mighty willow tree in front of Lilly Ann’s house. He slung the rope over the lowest branch and perfectly balanced he tied the wheel to the rope. He fastened the tool belt onto the wheel and with short pieces of strings from his pocket he tied up his tools to dangle from the belt. Satisfied with his work he hoisted the assembly ten feet into the air and tied the rope to the tree trunk. 
Lilly Ann had watched Taylor from inside the house since he had come back into the house from his aborted walk. She was wondering what made him change his mind and she got curious when she heard him rummaging in the back yard. 
“What are you doing?” she asked Taylor looking out through an opened window. 
“It’s a sign,” Taylor winked at her. 
“A sign for what?” she asked.
“A sign that nobody needs to be afraid of John Taylor breaking their stuff just so he can have something to fix,” he looked at her a bit embarrassed. 
“Oh, don’t be so hard on yourself,” she said, “you can’t go against Law of Attraction, everyone knows that.”
“I know,” he conceded, “but I had the impression that people started to avoid me. So, here is the sign that I am officially hanging up my tool belt. If something breaks from now on and I am near it, it won’t be my doing.”
“You are being silly,” Lilly laughingly chastised him, “on the other hand, this looks pretty, like wind chimes. I like it.”
Taylor turned around to look at his work from a new angle. It really looked interesting, almost like a piece of art. 
“You really like it?” he turned to Lilly Ann.
“Yes,” she said simply and closed the window. 
Taylor stood there a while longer contemplating this new turn of events. There must have been something in the air or in the water he tried to convince himself before he went back inside. 
A few days later one of the young cowboys from the Turner Farm came charging into town and brought his horse to a sliding stop on Lilly Ann’s front lawn. He jumped off before the horse had come to a complete halt, ran up the stairs and started banging on the front door. 
“Jimi, what’s going on?” Lilly Ann asked the breathless boy when she opened the door. 
“It’s Mr. Turner,” Jimi could hardly get the words out, “we were removing a fallen tree on the pasture behind the farm. The tractor stopped and the tree fell on Mr. Turner. He is trapped. We can’t get it started again to lift off the tree. Is Mr. Taylor here, he can help.”
“I don’t know,” Lilly Ann said with a concerned face, “John doesn’t want anything to do with fixing things anymore.”
“Oh, nonsense,” Taylor came running from the fence gate carrying a bag filled with tools, “get in the car, I’ll help if I can.”
They both jumped into the old van and Lilly Ann drove into the road with gravel flying behind them. 
“Easy there,” Taylor cautioned, “we won’t do them any good if we kill ourselves on the way to help.”
It was a short, wild ride to Turner Farm. Coming closer to the property they could see people running back and forth gesticulating and yelling. A few horses had been strapped into a harness and several men tried to get a grip on the tree to lift it but to no avail. The big trunk threatened to slide further down and crush the unconscious Frank Turner if it was moved the wrong way. 
Taylor jumped out of the car and ran over to assess the situation. The heavy chain was still wrapped tightly around the tree but the hydraulic arm of the tractor stood limp with no pressure to work its magic. A quick look under the hood confirmed Taylor’s worst fears. The cam timing chain had broken while the engine was under heavy load, which left several valves and cylinder heads badly damaged. He knew that there was nothing he could do quickly here to salvage this engine. 
He turned to the closest farm helper.
“Is there another tractor we can use?” he asked urgently.
“There is another one in the barn,” the man confirmed, “but...”
“No time for buts,” Taylor said firmly, “show me.”
They both ran off to the nearby barn and the man pointed at a huge farm machine that was covered under thick dust and straw clippings. Taylor did not pay attention to the objections the man was yelling after him. He ran to the tractor, yanked off half a bail of hay from the cabin and jumped into driver’s seat. Without even so much as a thought he turned the ignition and pushed the starter button. With roaring engine, dragging a dramatic cloud of dust and hay behind him he raced the huge vehicle onto the pasture. 
Taylor drove the tractor past wide-eyed farm workers and family members close to the fallen tree where Turner was trapped. Three of the workers came running to help him affix the chain to the wide forklift on the front loader of the tractor. 
“Stand aside until the tree is raised up enough,” Taylor yelled and jumped back into the vehicle. For a second he studied the levers and wheels to find his bearings. He gently pulled up one of the levers, which promptly raised the fork until the chain was tight. Taylor stepped on the gas pedal to increase engine power and without hesitation he raised the lever to its full extent. Slowly the mighty tree began to move, lifting its crown from the ground. People who had been watching the proceedings with open mouths from a safe distance rushed in to retrieve Frank Turner from his trap. 
“Frank is all right!” someone yelled from the other side of the tree. 
Almost at the same instant Taylor’s tractor erupted into a series of deafening explosions before it quit with a heart-wrenching screech. Steam and boiling water bubbled out from under the hood and thick black smoke billowed from under the drive train. 
Taylor quickly jumped off the farm machine and sprinted to a safe distance. Lilly Ann ran up to him.
“Are you all right?” she asked him, “That was quite a show!”
“I am all right,” Taylor answered, “but what is wrong with that thing?” He pointed at the second broken tractor. 
“I think David tried to tell you when you went into the barn,” Lilly Ann grinned at him with raised eyebrows.
“Tried to tell me what?” Taylor asked David, who had caught up with them. 
“That tractor,” David hesitated, “I tried to tell you, that tractor hadn’t been driven since, since, ...” David’s voice trailed off, realizing the impossibility of what he was about to say. 
“Since?” Taylor asked, not sure if he wanted to hear the answer.
“Since ever,” David blurted out finally, “half the engine had been used as spare parts for the other one. Nobody ever put fuel into it.” He obviously didn’t care to further contemplate these facts so he just turned around and joined the others who had started to cut the tree into pieces to remove it the old fashioned way. 
Lilly Ann could not stop laughing at Taylor’s incredulous face and stuttering attempts to find a reasonable explanation for what had happened. She finally slapped his shoulder and dragged him to the house where Frank Turner had been carried to.
“Let’s say hi to Frank,” she encouraged him, “he is going to get a kick out of that one.” 
“Do you think we have to tell anyone?” Taylor asked shyly. 
“No, I don’t think we have to tell them, everyone already knows,” Lilly Ann laughed some more, “You should have seen the faces as you came flying out of the barn on that roaring monster that everyone thought had been dead forever. My hero on his rusty steed.” Lilly Ann danced around him fighting imaginary dragons. 
Frank Turner was sore but already on his feet when Taylor and Lilly Ann came to the house. He took Taylor’s hand and shook it vigorously. Both men looked long into each other’s eyes and shook their heads. No words were necessary.
That night Frank Turner celebrated his new lease on life. Everyone for miles around was invited. Taylor’s rescue was wrapped into more stories that evening than there had been people present to whiteness it. Every time it was told it got bigger and wilder as the laughing and hollering rang through the valley. 
“So, what did really happen?” one of the late arriving guests asked. 
“I don’t really know,” Taylor said with a wink to Lilly Ann, “maybe we have to wait until we can read it in the Chronicle.”
That night on his way to bed, Taylor clapped off the lights and kissed Lilly Ann, “Good night.” It was just the way things were. He had more important things to spend his time with than figuring out how every little thing worked. 




Chapter 15: I Like You Pretty Good




Spring in the mountains, what a wonderful time of year. Taylor shook his head in disbelieve realizing that it had been a year since those fateful first weeks in Oz. Hills and valleys were painted with new, bright green foliage, and meadows and slopes proudly displayed a multitude of brilliant wildflower colors and shapes. Winter had been fun, exciting and exhausting. Taylor had volunteered to help in the forest brigades to supply wood for fireplaces and stoves around town. The physical labor had helped him get back into the best shape of his life. He had enjoyed the activity outdoors, the camaraderie of men performing dangerous work, and the feeling of satisfaction after a long day of hard work. 
As spring often does, it instilled a new desire in Taylor, the desire for a place to call home, to unpack his bags for good, so to speak. He wasn’t quite sure what it was he was missing, until one afternoon while strolling around town and enjoying the brisk spring air, his strides unknowingly led him to the gates of Schwyzer House. 
“John, what brings you here early in the afternoon,” Fritz Neuwirt greeted him from his favorite rocking chair under the big oak tree.
“I don’t know really,” Taylor answered truthfully. 
“Well, come on in,” Fritz invited him, “you have to try this new schnapps I’ve been distilling in winter.”
He grabbed a bottle with the infamous clear spirit from a shelf along with two small shot glasses. Hesitantly Taylor followed the old man’s waving gesture. He had made the mistake before to accept Fritz’s hospitality too early in the day and he still could not remember how he had managed to get home that night. With the best intentions of being more careful this time he opened the gate and joined Fritz at his table. 
“Here, try this,” Fritz put a full glass in front of Taylor, “tell me what you think.”
“Prost,” Taylor offered the old Austrian drinking cheer and cautiously took a sip. “Mm,” he nodded his head, “this one is really good. The aroma and richness of taste is amazing. What did you put in there?”
“Ah,” Fritz shook his head, “I can’t tell you that. Keep guessing, you’ll figure it out eventually,” he laughed. 
Taylor knew that Fritz never gave up the secret ingredients of his, literally, inspired creations. It was always a fun time to get together with a few friends for a guessing game around a bottle of Schnapps. 
“May I ask you a personal question?” Taylor asked without really knowing where he was headed. 
“Sure, John,” Fritz encouraged him, “you are like family to me. What’s on your mind?”
“I was wondering,” Taylor slowly pieced together his thoughts, “what does a guy do around here when he wants to ask a girl to marry him?” 
Fritz’s face lit up with glistering eyes. He very much liked the thought to officially welcome Taylor into his family. Even more so he was delighted to hear that Lilly Ann had finally found someone who was able to match her highflying spirit. 
“Hm, let me see,” he began thoughtfully, “you have noticed, that there are not all that many rules and customs in this neck of the woods when it comes to personal relationships. A lot of folks just move in together and stay, and that is that. Others have big ceremonies and parties that last several days or weeks. When I came back to ask Lilly Ann’s grandmother to marry me I got on my knees and asked her to accept my ring. I know now that she had a hard time not to burst into laughter at my sight, but she gracefully accepted and we were together until she passed a few years ago.”
“I guess, what I am saying is,” Fritz added after a short pause, “it’s all about what you want to do.” 
“Call me old fashioned,” Taylor smiled, “but the thought of formally proposing had crossed my mind. I have no idea where to get an appropriate ring, though, short of learning to make one myself,” he admitted. 
“I think I can help you there,” Fritz winked at him. 
He ceremoniously opened the clasp of a thin gold chain that he was wearing under his shirt around his neck. Carefully pulling out the chain it revealed two small white gold rings dangling from it. 
“These are the rings my Martha wore for almost sixty years,” he caressed the gleaming metal with the balm of his hand, “I had always hoped that Lilly Ann would one day put them to good use.” 
He took the first ring from the chain.
“This is the ring I proposed with,” he handed it to Taylor, “may it bring as much joy to your heart as it did me for so many years.”
Taylor was overwhelmed by the old man’s generosity and the genuine affection he showed for him. He convinced himself that it was the pollen in the air that made his eyes tear up. 
“Thank you,” he took the ring and shook Fritz’s hand, “I don’t know what else to say, but thank you.”
“No thanks necessary,” Fritz smiled at him, “you make an old man very happy.” 
He got up from his chair and hugged Taylor.
“Good luck with your proposal, son,” he said, “knowing Lilly Ann, I’m afraid you gonna need it,” he chuckled.
Taylor looked at him with a quizzical look.
“Don’t worry, you gonna be all right,” Fritz encouraged him.
Cheerfully unaware of the far-reaching conversation of that afternoon Lilly Ann had the dinner table waiting for Taylor at her house. Jenny Tramborini from down the street had had herself an Italian cookout and had invited everyone she knew to pick up dinner favorites before they got spoiled. Jenny never even thought about who would eat all the dishes that she liked so much to cook. She just stood in her kitchen and shoved one pan after the other into her oversized oven until she ran out of ingredients to turn into delicacies. Magically, one after the other, the family sized food containers disappeared from her kitchen table before the evening turned into night. Nobody wanted to miss the chance to partake in the Italian gourmet feast they were invited to. 
So, Lilly Ann had truffled meat and mushroom lasagna warmed up in the oven and a nice bottle of red wine opened to breathe on the window sill. The table was set with fancy tall wine glasses and a set of candles waiting to be lit. She was happily humming the melody of an old nursery rhyme when Taylor quietly came through the front door. 
“Mm,” was the first thing he said walking into the kitchen, “something smells delicious.” He flared his nostrils to soak up the aroma. “Did Jenny have herself a cookout?”
“I am disappointed that you didn’t think that I had anything to do with the cooking,” Lilly Ann feigned her annoyance, “at least I was there in time to get the best dish she makes.”
“Thank you so much for having such a wonderful cook as a friend,” Taylor laughed, “I am sure though, that you could cook just as well if you wanted to.”
“Not in a million years,” Lilly Ann burst out laughing, “Don’t get your hopes up. If you want to eat well, we can go out, have someone else cook for us, or you can learn to cook yourself. That art is clearly lost on me, that’s for sure.”
“I will keep that in mind,” Taylor said jokingly. 
“Really,” Lilly Ann asked, “what’s on your mind to keep that in mind?”
“Let’s eat first,” Taylor suggested, “this really smells too delicious to be kept waiting.”
Together they served plates of lasagna to the table and Taylor sliced French bread and arranged it in a basket, which he handed to Lilly Ann. He brought the wine bottle from the window and poured two glasses for them before they sat down and enjoyed a home made feast that would have been fit for a king’s table.
“So, what did you have on your mind earlier?” Lilly Ann asked lazily having made herself comfortable in her chair. 
Taylor pulled the ring out of his pocket, still hiding it from Lilly Ann. He stood up from his chair and dropped down on his knee in front of her. 
“Lilly Ann,” he looked into her surprised eyes, “would you marry me?” Just like that, straight out, what’s the use to dance around it, right?
Lilly Ann’s answer was just as prompt and direct.
“Why,” she asked, genuinely curious, “why do you want to marry me?”
“O.k., that is not exactly the reaction I was hoping for,” Taylor was getting a bit insecure, “but, fair enough. I want to marry you because I love you. You are the most inspired and warm and funny and …”
“That’s not what I meant,” Lilly Ann interrupted him, “you don’t have to sell me on myself, I know that I am fabulous,” she smiled at him, “Why do you want to marry me?”
“Well, it makes me feel good to be around you. You make my heart sing. I don’t even want to imagine a life without you,” Taylor was clearly a fish out of water at this point, “I guess what I am trying to say, I want to spend the rest of my life with you.”
He looked at her not quite sure if he was doing himself a great favor with his blunt offerings. 
“I see,” Lilly Ann looked lovingly into his eyes, “I love you John Taylor, you know that, but these are not very good reasons to get married, at least not for me. You already have all of this without getting married right here and now.” 
“All right,” Taylor tried not to get defensive, “what would be a good reason for you to get married?”
The soft warm glow that radiated from Lilly Ann’s face, her genuine loving smile and the tender kiss she pressed on Taylor’s lips while she pulled him up from his knees soothed the upheaval of emotions welling up in Taylor. 
“You know that I cannot tell you that,” she whispered into his ear, “but I can hardly wait what you are going to find out from searching within yourself.” 
Fritz Neuwirt was not too surprised to see Taylor slowly walk up the path to the tavern the next day.
“John, you are back quickly,” he greeted Taylor, “how are your wedding plans coming along?”
Taylor looked at him with a sour smile.
“Don’t ask,” he groaned, “she shot me down cold. I guess I won’t be needing this any time soon.” He handed the ring to Fritz.
“Did she ask you ‘Why?’,” Fritz chuckled.
“How’d you know?” Taylor asked, “Am I missing something here?”
“Just a lucky guess,” Fritz answered, “I’ve known Lilly Ann for all her life, and it just seemed like something she would do.”
“Right,” Taylor scowled, “you could have given me a heads up.”
“Would it have helped?” Fritz smiled.
“No, not really,” Taylor admitted, “it just felt good for a moment to blame someone else.” He laughed and shook his head. “Do you have any idea what she wanted to hear from me?” 
Fritz folded Taylor’s hand over the ring. 
“You hold on to this, son, you’ll have use for it sooner than you might think right now,” he encouraged, “I can’t really tell you what Lilly Ann is thinking. I’m afraid my head would explode if I would try.” He paused for a moment to gather his thoughts, “One thing you might want to keep in mind, John. Around here we don’t have much patience for long-term commitments. That doesn’t mean that people won’t stay together for a long time, just take Martha and I, but it is always a choice moment by moment and not a promise forever after.”
Leaving Schwyzer House, Taylor was wrapped up in mixed emotions and the slightly uncomfortable feeling that he was missing something important that was dangling right in front of his nose. He was lost in thought turning the corner into the main street when he almost ran over Willie, Lilly Ann’s kid brother. 
“Whoa, brother, whereto so hasty?” Willie greeted Taylor jovially slapping him on the shoulder, “Have you guys set a date yet?” 
“It’s tough to keep a secret around here, isn’t it,” Taylor grinned, “no date yet, though, I got a pretty frosty shoulder when I asked Lilly Ann yesterday.”
“Welcome to the club,” Willie laughed, “figuring out how to ask a girl to marry them is one of the trickiest challenges for any young lad. Them females are just so complex and they hold out until you are completely in tune with them. It’s good though, most of the guys wouldn’t know half of what they know about themselves if it weren’t for girls insisting on them to find out.”
He looked at Taylor with a quizzical look.
“I always thought it would be different with Lilly Ann,” he wondered, “I thought ‘Let’s have a party to celebrate with everyone.’ would have done the trick. ‘I like you pretty good, let’s see how it goes’, or something along those lines. Shows how much I know, right?” He squeezed Taylor’s shoulders. “You’ll figure it out, we are all rooting for you,” he said and went on his way. 
“Thanks Willie,” Taylor answered, “you don’t even know how much you helped.”
‘A party,’ Taylor thought by himself, ‘Right, and I gave her the forever-after, until-death-does-us-apart speech. Really shows how much I know.’ He had to chuckle at the realization that again his past had caught up with him and tripped him up. 
Coming home from his visit with Fritz, Taylor found Lilly Ann in her studio, water-coloring the newest issue of the Chronicle. 
“Hey beautiful,” he wrapped his arm around her from behind and kissed her softly on the neck. 
“Not now,” she purred, “don’t you see that I am working?” She made it sound much more like, “Where have you been all day, I missed you.” 
“What are your plans a week from Saturday?” Taylor whispered into her ear.
“Let me check my social calendar,” Lilly Ann joked, “What did you have in mind?” 
“Well, I did some thinking today,” Taylor tried to follow the stream of right words without getting in the way, “and a couple of elves helped me along the way.”
“Elves, really?” Lilly Ann was royally amused by Taylor’s attempt to be inconspicuous, “What did they have to say?”
“Translated into plain English, I think they said that I shouldn’t be such a dickhead,” Taylor grinned at Lilly Ann’s burst of laughter. 
“So, I thought we should have a party,” his heart was leaping into his throat, “to tell everyone that we love each other and that we belong together and that we will be married,” he took a deep breath, “until further notice.” And without really knowing that he spoke he added, “To share our joy, I guess is what I wanted to say.” 
“I think that is a wonderful idea, John,” Lilly Ann pulled him close to herself, “and my new name shall be Lilly Ann Taylor,” she kissed him passionately on the lips, “until further notice. Tell your elves that they done good.” 
Taylor had never slept better in his life. He woke up in a bed, still heavy with the scent of his most beloved wife to be. Brisk air was wallowing through the open window and the birds in the trees outside were outdoing each other with ever new and creative melodies and sounds. He could hear activity stirring in the house, which to him was soothing and exciting at the same time, always promising a new day with new adventures and surprises. For the first time in his life he did not worry about tomorrow, or today, or anything about his past. Was life really supposed to feel that good?
The big day was still a week away but already the whole town had come alive with preparations for celebrating the wedding of one of its most cherished citizens. Lilly Ann’s never fading smile, her undying lighthearted radiance and her unadulterated love of life had touched each and every one on countless occasions and was a living beacon of light for anyone on the path to the inner realms of the souls. Now it was time to return the favor, and to have royal fun along the way. 
Since none of the eating establishments would have been able to accommodate the crowd that was expected to attend, the park behind Sudbury was selected as the perfect location for the ceremony and the banquet that was to follow. Already, young men had started to erect a platform so that everyone would be able to see the main event and for the entertainment at the ensuing party. Musicians and entertainers of all genres had signed up to have their moment in the light at this very special occasion. One thing became very obvious, it promised to be a very long night for the whole town. 
Taylor finally convinced himself that his growling stomach and other bodily needs warranted to be addressed, so he lazily rolled out of bed and slipped into his favorite bathrobe. He tended to the inevitable before climbing down the creaking staircase to see if the kitchen would provide the sustenance he was craving. Curious at the sound of an unfamiliar voice conversing with his mate he peeked through the door. It was not unusual for Lilly Ann to have visitors in the morning but the sight of the figure sitting in a chair next to the window made him gasp for air. 
The tall slender woman seemed to fade in and out of focus right before his eyes. Short cut dark brown hair adorned by a thin reef of braided silver strands framed a face that was foreign and familiar at once. Her flowing dress, billowing in a breeze which Taylor could not feel, was sewn of a fabric similar to the one Taylor had wrapped himself in, but changing its color from red to orange to green as he looked upon it. 
Lilly Ann turned around from the stove where she had been tending to a teakettle. She had to put up a mighty fight to not laugh out loud at the bewildered look on Taylor’s face. 
“Cut it out mom,” She scolded the older woman, “don’t scare him away just yet.” They both laughed and hugged as the woman’s appearance solidified as if nothing unusual had transpired in the last few moments. 
“John,” Lilly Ann pulled Taylor closer with an apologetic look, “say hi to my mom. Mom, this is John. Isn’t he adorable?” 
“John, I’ve heard so much about you,” the woman said, “please forgive me, the sunlight this early in the morning sometimes plays tricks on our eyes and makes me look all weird.” She took Taylor’s hand in both of hers, “I am Lilly Grace, Lilly Ann’s mother.” 
Taylor had to swallow hard a few times before he was able to muster a reply, “The pleasure is all mine, Lilly Grace. Lilly Ann had made you an enigma wrapped in a riddle every time your name came up. I always wondered why that was.” He took a deep breath, “Would you excuse me for a moment while I put on some clothes more appropriate for company at the breakfast table?” Without waiting for an answer he fled the scene to the upstairs bedroom to regain his composure and bring the carrousel to a stop that was spinning out of control in his head. 
“Are you all right, love?” Lilly Ann stuck her head through the doorframe.
“Of course,” Taylor tried to convince himself while he continued to get dressed, “of course, why would I not be all right? You could have given me a bit of a warning though. What did I see downstairs anyway, what was that?” There was just a hint of panic in his voice.
“Don’t be alarmed about it,” Lilly Ann tried to soothe him, “come with me, Mom can explain it better than I would.”
Taylor felt a lot more secure and in control wearing the proper attire for a first visit with his soon to be mother in law. He was not quite sure though, if he really wanted to know the nature of the vision he had had earlier. 
“You know what,” he said to Lilly Ann, “I don’t need to know everything right this red hot minute. Why don’t we go downstairs and have a nice meal with your mother and get to know each other like ordinary people do. There is no rush. She is your mother and you obviously love her and she loves you. That is enough reason for me to want to love her.”
“You will never know how big of a man you are, John Taylor,” Lilly Ann replied quietly, “that’s one more reason why I love you.”
 Hand in hand they went downstairs to have a delightful breakfast and an engaging conversation with their newly arrived guest. 
“Hey brother,” Willie greeted Taylor who was sitting a bit forlorn on the front steps of the house. 
The wedding preparations were in full swing and more often than not Taylor found himself being in the way with no idea how to contribute. It had become very obvious to him that this was a woman’s affair and that a masculine touch to the proceedings was neither welcome nor appreciated. He wasn’t complaining, festivities of that nature had always filled him with more anxiety than seemed appropriate, and though in the past he had been able to find ways out of participating for the most part, this time he was billed as one of the main attractions. He was determined to make the best of it and to keep his focus on the reason he had suggested to get married in the first place. Just the thought of calling Lilly Ann ‘my wife’ made his heart sing and his eyes filled with tears of joy. 
“Did they throw you out of the house or did you escape on your own?” Willie teased with his broad boyish grin.
“If I only knew,” Taylor answered with a sigh, “I know I shouldn’t say this, because Lilly Ann is having so much fun, but I’ll be glad when we’ll have the house back to ourselves.” 
“Don’t worry,” Willie laughed, “that makes you and every other guy who gets hitched. Them females are having the time of their lives with no males allowed,” he slapped Taylor’s shoulder, “So I guess it’s Willie to the rescue. The guys are waiting for us at Magic Mountain for your bachelor’s party. You didn’t think we would miss out on a chance to have our own fun, did you?” 
“You what?” Taylor had not even considered that this tradition had survived in this remote area. Bachelor’s parties in the southern cities were usually drunken treks through strings of gentlemen’s clubs or worse. To translate this tradition into the customs of Flugerton sure seemed like an interesting proposition. 
“Sure,” Willie got all excited, “we’ve got a couple kegs of beer and a keg of wine, the pork has been roasting on the spit since last night and the entertainment shall remain a surprise. Let me tell Lilly Ann where we are heading and that she shouldn’t wait up for you. We’ll take her van to drive out to the bottom of the hills. We’ll walk up the rest of the way.” 
He disappeared into the house just to come out running a few moments later with several voices yelling after him. He had grabbed a warm sweater for Taylor on his way out.
“What was that all about?” Taylor wanted to know.
“Oh, the ladies sometimes don’t want to be reminded of the obvious,” Willie laughed, “at least not of the obvious as I see it. Come on, let’s go.”
They both climbed into the van and Willie took the driver’s seat. Not wanting to further flame his sister’s wrath he cautiously drove out into the street and out of town. 
Magic Mountain had been used as the site for major celebrations and festivals for as long as people could remember. It was close enough to be reached by foot in a couple of hours but was far enough out of town so that the huge bonfires that burned at summer and winter solstice and other occasions would not endanger any buildings or structures. 
The path that led up from the street to the festival grounds was well worn from thousands of visitors who had climbed the incline throughout the decades. 
“How many people are you expecting to show up?” Taylor asked at the sight of dozens of torches lining the sides of the gravel road. 
“That’s hard to say,” Willie replied, “usually it’s between fifty and a hundred but with your claim to fame I am sure there will be many more. We brought food and drink for about two hundred and it’s just a short ride into town if we need more.” 
“Now that’s what I call a party,” Taylor exclaimed. 
His eyes grew wider and wider as they approached the festival meadow. It was hard to gauge the number of men already assembled but it was clear that Willie’s estimates were no exaggeration. Four large bonfires were burning already, one on each corner of the designated party area and long rows of makeshift tables and benches had been set up in a huge U-shape. The place was buzzing with activity and excitement. A number of musicians were assembled on the far end of the square, engaged in a loud and wild jam session, which drew a hollering and shouting audience. As far as Taylor could see there were no women present. 
“A celebration of the male spirit,” Willie was reading Taylor’s question off his face. He jumped onto one of the tables and let out a fierce whistle. “The guest of honor has arrived,” he proclaimed, seizing the moment of attention he had bought himself, “let’s show him how we celebrate when there is really something to celebrate.” 
The cheers and whistles and clapping was reverberating from the close by mountains and it seemed as if the stars in the sky had turned up their light a notch. Taylor was handed around from table to table and from group to group. It took him the better part of an hour to cross the meadow to his designated place at the head of the table. As soon as he had sat down an endless barrage of drinking toasts ensued. Taylor had to endure more bad jokes and side blows to his masculine qualities than in his entire career in the military. It was all in good fun though and time seemed to fly and stand still at once. 
It got dark early and more torches were placed alongside the perimeter of the meadow to cast an eerie light onto the scene. As if on cue the noise of the multitude of conversations suddenly subsided as a virtuoso violinist sounded the first notes of the interlude to a classical piece of music. The men’s eyes did not turn in the direction of the music though, as in the shadows behind the big fire to the left a white figure could be seen, swaying softly to the rhythm of the music. 
The growing intensity of the melody drew the dancer closer who could be clearly identified as a young woman now. Her face was covered with a feathered mask and as she stepped in front of the fire the silhouette of her bare body was cast onto the sheer material of the cloak she was wearing. Her expressive sensual dance followed the story that the violin told, a story of old days and young love, of soft lustful purrs and wild roars of passion. The violin screamed its heart out, as the girl’s dance grew wilder. She had moved between the towering fires and her dress whirled around her like a tornado of light. Her pulsing movements were a prayer to the earth to set her free of the bondage of gravity. Lower and lower she crouched until all that was left of her was a convulsing billowing white cloud in the darkness. All of a sudden the wild rhythm paused and to the sound of a single note that could have drawn tears from a rock, the fabric parted over the girl’s back and she rose in all her uncovered glory. She seemed to grow to the heavens with fiery streaks of light painted onto her skin and as the music returned to a wild but lighter and happier mood she danced out of sight until she was swallowed by the darkness. 
With the last note of the violin absolute silence befell the breathless crowd. It was Taylor who managed to regain control of his limbs and banished the spell. His first clap was followed by a thundering applause and cheering and wild outbursts of primal joy. 
Although the dance of the white phantom was definitely the highlight of the evening entertainment she would not remain last girl to take the stage. Throughout the evening young dancers in exotic and, more often than not, revealing costumes would appear from the dark and leave without a trace after their performances had ended. Sensual, wild, funny, silly and flat out erotic displays of female expression were offered to honor the man at the center of attention. 
After one of the more explicit numbers Taylor turned to Willie. 
“So, why are the girls doing this?” he asked, “Don’t understand me wrong, I’m not complaining, but where I come from you would have to fork over a good handful of hard earned credits to get a girl do a performance like these.” 
Willie could only laugh and shook his head. 
“Are you kidding me?” he replied in disbelieve, “The girls love this. You would not believe how many life long relationships started with the girl dancing for the guys. It’s a personal expression, a calling card, and an art form just as any other. You should have seen the show when Kevin and Gary got married,” he winked at Taylor. 
“Hey look,” one of Willie’s friends pointed at the space between the fires. 
Taylor turned around expecting to see yet another dance performance, but the figure standing motionless between the fires, clad in a white linen suit was obviously no woman. 
“Dad!” Willie jumped from his seat and ran towards the man. “I knew you wouldn’t miss a good show,” he exclaimed as they hugged, “Come on, you have to meet John.” He hugged his father’s shoulder and led him to Taylor who had gotten up from the bench. 
“Dad, this is John Taylor, the man who fell out of the sky, the man who they call Geronimo, the man who will marry your daughter,” Willie had a grand time making the introduction as formal as possible, “John, this is my and Lilly Ann’s father, Michael Angelo. I am so excited that you were able to make it, dad.”
“It is great to meet you John,” Michael said with a soft but intense voice, “I heard so much good about you. You are a life giving phenomenon for this community.”
“The pleasure is mine, sir,” Taylor answered sincerely, “I hope I can live up to the praise you have heard. Why don’t you join us for a drink? Willie has outdone himself organizing this party.” 
“Right,” Michael smiled, “I bet he told five people the day and time and expected for everything else to take care of itself,” he ruffled Willie’s hair like a little boy’s.
“What are you talking about?” Willie laughed, “I told at least seven people and I personally picked up John at Lilly Ann’s house, that’s gotta count for something, right?” 
The rest of the night was filled with amusing stories about Taylor’s journey to Flugerton, more drinks and food and music and a myriad of jovial lighthearted well wishes for the groom. Taylor was amazed how little information he could gather about Lilly Ann’s father despite the many questions he had asked. Not wanting to be too direct or insistent he relaxed and enjoyed the building curiosity. ‘Something more to look forward too,’ he thought. 
The morning sun had already lifted the veils of darkness and painted the mountain tops with broad strokes of orange and red when a long trek of vehicles of all kinds, engulfed in a cloud of laughter and lively voices, rolled slowly into town, just to disperse into all directions to deliver the happy party guest to their homes. 
“I will never forget this night,” Taylor said to Willie as they parted, “Thank you so much!” 
“Ah, don’t mention it, brother,” Willie waved him off, “I’m glad you had fun, I sure did. Next time it’s my turn.” He laughed and turned back to the street to walk home. Earlier they had lost sight of Michael Angelo in the tumult of leaving the festival grounds but Willie had just shrugged, “Don’t worry, he’ll be there in the morning.” Taylor decided that this was not the time to find out what that had meant either. 
He quietly sneaked into the house and up the stairs. As he slipped into the bed Lilly Ann greeted him with closed eyes and a sleep drunken voice, “Did you like the girls?” she asked and smiled knowingly. 
“Yes, I liked what I saw,” Taylor answered truthfully, “but I really love this.” He wrapped his arms around Lilly Ann and pulled her closer. She answered with a soft moan of agreement as they both fell asleep.
The term ‘perfect unfolding’ seemed like a crass understatement for the proceedings on May twelve of the year twenty-three seventeen in Flugerton. A crisp morning breeze had swept the valley clean of all traces of night fog, before it subsided to give way to the warmth and light of the early summer sun. Glistering dew nourished meadows and flowers to a supple light green, sprinkled with bright dots of yellow, white, red and blue. All sorts of birds and critters alike had caught on to the festive mood that had descended like a blanket onto the town and displayed their most beautiful colors and sounds and play. Life itself in its ever-expanding glory provided the stage for the celebrations to come.
The female members of the bride’s family had gathered early in the morning in Lilly Ann’s house to help her with her personal preparations. The dress, hair, makeup, perfume, flowers, jewelry and a hundred more details had been thought of and arranged long before and awaited their application at just the right time. Everything fell into place, no rush and no second thoughts. A family with nothing but love for each other, vibrating in perfect harmony to draw joy from each other and beam it into the world. 
Taylor, who had been exiled from the house a day earlier and had set up his temporary quarters at Willie’s pad atop the Schwyzer House tavern, was surrounded by the men of the family to help him into the elaborate wedding suit that Michael Angelo had surprised him with. Together they enjoyed a late breakfast and a leisurely exchange of the latest stories from around town. Michael had been chosen to lead the wedding ceremony, so he left early to see about last minute arrangements on the Sudbury grounds, which many busy hands had transformed into a magical garden of color and light. 
The sun had completed almost half of its daily path across the sky when it was time for Taylor and his best men to leave the house for Sudbury. Willie had borrowed a car from a friend that swiftly took the groom’s party to their destination. A crowd had already gathered in the garden abuzz with conversations and laughter, enjoying the various snacks and refreshments that were offered on silver trays by boys and girls in colorful costumes and tall feathered hats. 
Taylor was led around the guests to join Michael Angelo on stage with his friends to await the arrival of the bride. A murmur went through the crowd as the tall double doors at Sudbury’s main building slowly opened and a woman in a Swiss Guard’s uniform stepped outside, knocked her lance three times on the ground and proclaimed, 
“Madams and Sirs, I present - the bride!” 
To the sound of a fanfare and gasps from the wedding guests an otherworldly figure appeared in the passage. Completely covered from her shoulders down in a red and purple cloak which seemed alive with images from her own and Flugerton’s past, her face hidden behind a veil Lilly Ann majestically followed her guardian’s lead. The masses parted for the approaching bride revealing a path of pink and white rose petals leading up to the stage. As she stepped onto the colorful carpet she hesitated for a moment as if changing her mind. She looked at one of her bride’s maids and nodded her head. Both of the girls walked up to her side and took hold of the veil and the clasp, which held the cloak in place. They slowly lifted the veil over Lilly Ann’s head and parted the cloak in front of her and back over her shoulders. 
Freed of the burden of ceremonial obligations Lilly Ann squealed in delight, kicked a few rose petals into the air and skipped barefoot through a cloud of pink and white leaves towards the stage. She twirled in her short white dress, sparkling like a bowl of diamonds, and cart wheeled through the parting crowd. 
Arriving in front of the stage she did not make any effort to look for the stairs. She just spread her arms wide and with a look to her side she commanded two young men to lift her up onto the platform. She blew a few kisses into the crowd before turning around to face the royally amused wedding party that awaited her. 
“An entrance truly worthy of my daughter,” Michael Angelo smiled, “Shall we begin?”
Lilly Grace along with the rest of the bride’s entourage had taken their places on stage next to the groomsmen to form a half circle around Taylor and Lilly Ann. 
“Friends, family, Lilly Ann, John,” Michael drew everyone’s attention to the events on stage, “We have gathered today to bear witness to the age old ritual of a woman and a man proclaiming their love for each other in front of God and man. Let the sun see the beauty of the couple before us, let the wind hear the truth of their words. Let the earth they stand on feel the lightness of their hearts and let the birds in the sky sing the joy of their souls.” He looked around the place to let his words sink in. Then he continued, “John, do you want to say something?” 
Love drunk and filled with joy beyond description Taylor had to swallow hard a few times before he could speak. 
“A silver bird dropped me out of the sky, for my darkest night to give way to my brightest day. I drowned in your spirit, Lilly Ann, your beauty and your grace. The truth of your soul cast the shadows out of my life. Today I choose to put my heart into your hands. Today I choose to be yours, and I am eternally grateful for your choice to be mine.” 
Without averting his eyes that were locked onto hers he reached for Lilly Ann’s hand. 
“This ring was once a symbol of love for one you loved and one you still love. Wear it as a sign that today’s choice lives on until - we choose otherwise,” he ended his vow with a boyish smile. 
Taylor kissed Lilly Ann’s hand, “I love you,” and slipped her grandmother’s wedding band onto her finger. He wanted to forever stay in the beam of light that Lilly Ann’s face shone onto him. 
“Taylor, John Taylor,” Lilly Ann could not help herself but to tease him a little even in this sacred moment. The crowd held their breaths in anticipation of what her words would be. Would she stay true to her never fading lightness and fun loving nature? Would she dare Taylor to join her in Abrahamster’s ways?
Sensing and enjoying the suspense that was becoming almost unbearable, Lilly Ann unwrapped her widest smile and with clear and steady voice she announced, “I like you pretty good. Let’s see how it goes.”
The crowd burst into cheers of relief and appreciation. 
Lilly Ann nodded to her mother who carried a small wooden box, which she opened to offer the content to her daughter. Lilly Ann took Taylor’s hand and with a steady gaze into his eyes she said, “John, wear this magic ring as a token of my love, not as a promise for what will be forevermore, but as a touch stone to remind us of the love we feel today.” With these simple words she slipped a plain wide band of silvery metal onto Taylor’s finger. 
“I love you,” she whispered into his ear before she passionately kissed him on his lips to the applause and cheers of everyone who had watched the heart-warming scene. 
“This was the longest day of my life,” Lilly Ann said to Taylor when they found themselves in the privacy of their bedroom, after an exhausting parade of drinking toasts and well wishes, more food than they ever had wanted to see in their lives, and enough to drink to replenish a small water starved desert. The jugglers and singers, the fiddle players and dancers, the clowns and comedians, fireworks to Prokofiev’s Violin Concerto Number One, the whole town had had a blast putting on a show that no one would forget for a long time to come. How much bliss can a man or a woman endure in one day? They sure made an honest attempt to find out just how much. 
“It was my happiest day too - so far,” she added, falling asleep in Taylor’s embrace. 




Chapter 16: Goodbye Papa




“Are you going to stay around for some time?” Lilly Ann asked her mother a few days later at the breakfast table.
“I guess I will,” Lilly Grace said with an urgent undertone in her voice that made Lilly Ann look up, “Your grandfather is going to make his transition soon. I want to be there when he is ready.” 
“I haven’t talked to him since the wedding,” Lilly Ann said surprised, “he isn’t ill or anything, is he?” 
“No, no,” Lilly Grace shook her head and smiled, “you know how old he is, there is just not much desire for more life in him anymore. He told me yesterday that he had been ready for a long time but he was hanging in there because he did not want to miss your wedding. Now it seems that he is going to bask in that reverberation a little longer, but his time has certainly come.” 
“I bet he can’t wait to get on that ride,” Lilly Ann said excited.
“You know, dear, he has been very happy and content for many years,” Lilly Grace contemplated, “it’s going to be more like, oops, so this is what it feels like rather than that big roller coaster high-flying ride that some folks have when they go.” 
“What are my favorite girls up to?” Taylor put on the charm as he walked into the kitchen. 
“Papa is going to make his transition soon,” Lilly Ann said cheerfully.
“He is going to do what?” Taylor was not quite sure he had understood her, “You mean he is going to die?”
“Mhm,” Lilly Ann nodded between bites from her buttered toast, “Mom says it can’t be long. Isn’t that exciting?”
“I’m not sure I understand your enthusiasm,” Taylor frowned, “I always enjoyed having the old man around.” 
“Oh, everyone does,” Lilly Grace said, “but it is not up to us to decide for dad. He is slowly withdrawing his focus in this world and the promise of relaxing into the pure positive energy that he really is, entices him more than squeezing just a little bit more out of this lifetime.”
“I am still having a bit of trouble wrapping my brain around the idea that death is something predictable like walking through a door,” Taylor confessed, “For me it seems more like jumping into a dark hole with no idea what’s on the other end - if there is one at all. How can you be so certain of something that you really cannot know?”
“But you can,” Lilly Ann said unimpressed by Taylor’s doubt, “have you never had a conversation with one of your dead friends? I talk to grandma all the time. She is so funny, cracks me up every time.” 
“How can you know that this is not just you imagination talking back and forth? Wouldn’t that feel exactly the same way?” Taylor did not give in so easily.
“Nah,” Lilly Ann replied confidently, “I know myself and I know grandma, the things she sometimes says definitely don’t come from my brain. I’m not that wise, but she always has been and still is.”
“You know John,” Lilly Grace offered her help, “whenever you think about someone you knew or even someone you just know of, who has gone back, their essence is immediately summoned to you. They are always willing and eager to communicate in whatever form you are able to understand. Sometimes you can receive answers to your questions as intuition or gut feeling, sometimes you might hear something in a song or in something someone else tells you that strikes a chord with you. Often times you might not even be aware of the question or the answer, but it is always given.” 
“The thing you must remember in order to have a direct meaningful conversation is the fact that this person is not exactly the personality anymore that you might have known. By returning into the stream of pure positive energy they left behind all thoughts of resistance, be it doubt or fear or anger or grief. So, if your friend, who you want to contact, was on the pessimistic or angry side for most of his life, you might not recognize him right away. But if you remember the essence of that person and the reason why you were attracted to him in the first place you will very quickly recognize him and discover that they are as alive now as you are, maybe even more so.” 
Taylor shook his head with raised eyebrows as he joined them at the breakfast table.
“I don’t know,” he said still skeptical, “all of this sounds a bit too weird for my taste. But, I’ll take your word for it, for right now anyway.” 
He poured a cup of coffee and helped himself to a bite to eat.
“You don’t have to take our word for it,” Lilly Ann encouraged him, “we are going to visit papa after we are finished here. Wanna join us? I am sure he would be happy to see you too.” 
Fritz Neuwirt was sitting in his favorite chair under the big oak tree in the guest garden of the Schwyzer House tavern waiting patiently for his guests to arrive. 
“Hello, if it isn’t my favorite daughter and granddaughter,” he exclaimed as they walked through the gate, “John, it is so good to see you too.” 
“Very funny papa,” Lilly Ann scolded the old man jokingly, “that’s a big compliment considering that I am your only granddaughter and mom is your only daughter,” she laughed.
“That is true,” Fritz admitted, “but you are my favorite granddaughter,” he emphasized winking his eyes at her. 
“Good morning daddy,” Lilly Grace hugged her father and kissed him gently on the cheek, “I see you are soaking up some more sunshine - and Moonshine too it seems,” she added with a wink at the clear liquid in a shot glass on the table. 
“Oh,” Fritz waved her off, “this is just a little sample from my last batch, came out really good too,” he grinned showing two healthy rows of pearly whites. 
“Listen ladies,” Fritz said, “would the two of you be terribly inconvenienced if I had a word with John from man to man?”
“Of course not,” Lilly Grace answered, “we have some business at Sudbury anyway. Wanna meet back here for lunch in a couple of hours?”
“That would be nice,” said Taylor and waved them good-bye. 
“Pull up a chair, John,” Fritz started, “wanna try my latest concoction too?”
“No thanks,” Taylor laughed, “it’s a little too early in the day for your lively spirit for me.”
“I guess it is,” Fritz joined into the laughter.
There was a moment of silence between the two men. 
“You heard about my travel plans,” Fritz picked up the conversation, “haven’t you?”
“Yes I have,” Taylor answered, “and to be quite frank, I don’t get it. You are healthy and strong. You have a wonderful family surrounding you. You have a carefree life that most people could only wish for, and you are thinking of leaving all of this behind for the shaky prospect of - of what exactly?” 
“Ah, I love your passion and your desire to understand, John,” Fritz patted the younger man’s arm, “when I look at you it is almost as if I looked in a mirror many years ago, so many questions, so much to figure out, so much to remember. Every day a new adventure, every day a small victory over boredom and mediocracy. Don’t you ever loose that, it is precious - priceless.”
Fritz sank back into his chair to catch his breath.
“You know what the difference between you and me is?” he asked without waiting for an answer, “You open your eyes in the morning and you see a blue sky that needs to be conquered, an old engine that needs to be fixed, an engineering concept that needs to be understood and improved upon, a philosophical idea that needs to be contemplated and expanded. There are endless challenges and endless satisfaction for you around every corner, and you go for it, grab it by the horns, own it and feel the delight in the process. Ah, ever expanding life itself, it doesn’t get better than that.”
Taylor nodded in agreement eager to hear the other part of the equation.
“When I wake up in the morning and open my eyes,” Fritz continued after a pensive second, “I want nothing more than to soar beyond the sky without the boundaries of gravity, I want to run with the wind without moving my legs, I want to drink sunlight itself and taste the glory of all-there-is. It is almost as if I suddenly ran out of patience for,” he was searching for the right words, “I guess patience for time itself.”
Both men nodded their heads contemplating the words that had to be spoken before they could be understood. 
“You know Fritz,” Taylor spoke first, “when I think of you, I keep forgetting that you have been around almost twice as long as I have. I can’t even begin to imagine the things you have seen and done. As much as I dislike the idea, but it is conceivable that at some point one can have his fill and be ready for something new. Maybe I am just selfishly opposing the idea of not being able to have our invigorating chats anymore.” 
“Well, nothing wrong with that, my friend,” Fritz agreed, “You have no idea how lucky I count myself to have had you as my friend for the last year. Now that I think about it, you showing up, especially with the connection we had from my reports that brought you here, might have been the strongest reason for me to stick around for that long. I really got a kick out of seeing Lilly Ann get married, you know. I was always wondering how she would be able to find a man brave enough to walk by her side. She is quite a little hurricane sometimes, well, most of the time.” They both laughed knowingly. 
“I just had a fabulous idea,” Fritz said with new fire in his eyes, “I am going to proof to you without any possibility of doubt, that we live on after we sign off here and that a direct and meaningful exchange of information and ideas between the two worlds is not only possible, but is the norm rather than the exception.”
“All right,” Taylor answered a bit skeptically, “You are on. What do I need to do to make this happen?”
“Nothing,” Fritz winked at him, “Just think of me once in a while. Remember our talks and the affection we feel for each other. I’m telling you, this is going to be so much fun.” 
“Goodbye papa,” Lilly Ann hugged Fritz as they parted after having spent the afternoon together. They had enjoyed long talks of past times and plans for the future, of old friends and new family, of things long gone and things to come. The tone of his voice and the expression on his face continued to change. A soft glow had settled upon him and his words were directed as much inwards as they were addressing his visitors. His features seemed almost translucent and the touch of his skin felt like an afterthought to the person he once was. 
They all said their goodbyes without drama or hesitation. Last words had been spoken, last tender gestures exchanged. The time had come to end this particular conversation, anticipating to pick up the next one right where they had left off. As the door to the garden closed behind them their hearts were filled with love and peace and faith and the undeniable knowing that all was well indeed.
There was no other way than for Fritz Neuwirt’s funeral to start and end at the Schwyzer House tavern. True to his wishes, his earthly shell had been cremated at the dawn of the new day, privately, with only his daughter and her husband present. After the quick and unceremonious procedure they had carefully placed his ashes into a porcelain urn and brought it to the Schwyzer House where they had put it up in his favorite spot under the tree. By noon a lively colorful crowd had gathered to pay their respects and to participate in Fritz Neuwirt’s last party. Beer and pretzels were being offered to the guests, one of the many traditions Fritz had brought from his native country. Hannah sat under the tree next to the urn and played Fritz’s favorite alpine tunes on her accordion and it seemed that it would not have taken long until the first bold souls would have started to dance to the music. 
With the sun high in the sky Lilly Grace went to the tree and picked up the urn.
“Friends,” she demanded everyone’s attention, “Let’s give back to the earth what is hers.”
She cradled the urn in her arms and with Michael Angelo, Lilly Ann, Willie and Taylor at her side she led a procession of funeral guests out into the streets of Flugerton. At every street corner they would stop and gather around. The urn was handed from one to another and everyone took a handful of the ashes and released it into the wind while recalling their favorite personal memories of Fritz Neuwirt. Stop by stop his life was recounted, from the time when he left the old country in search of adventure and a better life, his passage on the freight ship that brought him to America, his adventures as a mail runner and package courier which eventually led him into the Ozark mountains, his first steps into a for him strange and foreign society, his courtship for Martha and his many contributions to the town and region throughout the years. Personal, private, funny, hilarious, profound and profane, just like the man himself the stories were offered to be remembered and repeated. Laughing and cheering and candid expressions of love and appreciation accompanied the tales. Heated humorous discussions erupted about trivial facts when memory served differing pictures to people who shared a common experience. Each one of them was eager to conjure up images and sounds as lifelike as possible to recreate a colorful picture for all others to remember. 
Thus was the honoring of history in Flugerton. Stories of people, passed down through generations, meaningful only in the context of the ideas that lived on long after their bodies had perished. 
That night at the tavern anyone would have been hard pressed to make out the difference to any other busy night. Food and drink were served in abundance and the conversations were lively and loud. People were obviously enjoying themselves and their company in this place that Fritz Neuwirt had built. The stories and jokes that were told that night had a common theme though. Somewhere in them, around them or associated with them was Fritz, having fun with them all over again. 
As midnight drew closer Lilly Ann climbed up on one of the chairs and tapped her glass with the back of a knife. As the crowd turned towards her and calmed down a bit her clear voice was heard to the last place in the house.
“Grandpa says, ‘Hi’,” she said, “and he thanks you all for coming. He enjoyed all the stories that were being told about him, especially those that were made up. He says, he loves this town and its people. He appreciates every one of you for making his life a bit more special every day. He is having a lot of fun. Him and grandma are having a thing going again, whatever that means where they are now. He says that Abrahamster is all over the place goofing off wherever he goes. He loves the little fella more than ever. He promises that he will be around from time to time and that we should leave his rocking chair right where it is. Who knows who will need it next.”
She took a glass filled with the best schnapps in the house from a tray that was offered to her and lifted it high into the air.
“Here’s to you papa,” she said as she drank to the cheers of everyone around.
Lilly Ann stepped down from the chair and joined Taylor at their table.
“Do you have any idea what grandpa could have meant when he said, ‘Tell John to not forget our pact.’ What is that all about?” she asked with raised eyebrows.
Taylor just shook his head and laughed, “It’s nothing, really. When did he tell you about that?” 
“Just before my little speech,” Lilly Ann said as if that was the most natural thing in the world. 
“Oh,” Taylor just replied and slowly nodded his head.
Throughout the next months Taylor was known to frequently disappear into the woods on an almost invisible winding path, which led to a small crooked shed in the middle of nowhere. Without much contemplation he would tend to several tanks filled with mash of various fruits, nuts and grains. He would stir the brew, add sugar and spices, mix the content of certain varieties, taste and smell - and wait. He did not know how he knew, but he knew when the time was right to pile logs under the still and light the fires. He filled the copper kettle with the mash and waited in joyful anticipation for the spirit to rise, to be cooled off in the winding tubes and, in the end, to be filled into glass flasks and bottles that stood patiently on shelves all around the small room, awaiting the fulfillment of their purpose. 
One sip from the magic potion was all the proof Taylor needed. He first smiled and then laughed out loud, for what he tasted was nothing short of Fritz Neuwirt’s best. The old man had kept his word after all. The realization trickled slowly through Taylor’s being and warmed his soul to the core. If there was, as it seemed, life after death, why not enjoy life before death to the fullest and make the most out of it. 
“That old dog,” Taylor said over and over, shaking his head, laughing with tears pouring down his cheeks, “Fritz, wherever you are, I know you can hear me. Thank you! With eternity and all at your disposal, I would have thought you had better things to do than to teach me new tricks. I sure do appreciate it, though.” 
Taylor could have sworn that he heard the old man’s distinctive quiet laughter and his familiar voice, “What could be better than this, John? You are welcome, any time.”




Chapter 17: Let’s Get Fizzical




“John, good to see you, just the man I was looking for,” Lilly Grace said as she peeked into the tool shed behind the house one early afternoon. 
A few days had passed since the memorable funeral of Fritz Neuwirt and life had slowly settled down to something that could almost be called normal. Taylor had gone back to creating artwork from all kinds of metal objects that he found all over town. The backyard started to look like an art gallery and word had gotten around that there was a new talent in town whose work waited to be shown and appreciated. 
Lilly Grace was wearing one of her flowing multi colored dresses which always made her look as if she wasn’t quite where one would expect her to be. There seemed to be an optical illusion brought on by the fabric or the color. Maybe it really was just light reflecting off it that tricked the eyes of the observer. 
“What can I do for my favorite mother in law?” Taylor asked her as he kissed her cheek, “You look lovely as ever.” 
“Well, thank you,” Lilly Grace smiled at him, “I thought there was something I could do for you.”
“And what would that be?” Taylor asked her innocently.
“Hm,” Lilly Grace took her time to approach the issue from the right angle, “You know, ever since we met for the first time, I can almost see the question marks all over your face when we are in the same room. I appreciate your tact and consideration of mine and Lilly Ann’s feelings, but I think the time has come that you ask the questions that are bubbling inside of you. I promise, I won’t mind, and I’ll answer every single one of them as accurately as I possibly can.”
Taylor put down the pair of pliers he was clutching and looked at Lilly Grace a bit embarrassed.
“Was I that obvious?” he asked. Lilly Grace’s smile was answer enough. 
“You are right,” Taylor was glad that his curiosity was going to be satisfied, “When I walked into the kitchen that first day you were here, I saw you drifting in and out of focus. I knew right away that this was not the effect of light reflections or anything like that, but I sure don’t know what I saw. Lilly Ann obviously didn’t mind or find it unusual, so I just let it go,” he took a deep breath, “What did I see then?” he asked directly. 
“Drifting in and out of focus,” Lilly Grace repeated Taylor’s words, “is actually a pretty accurate description of what you saw.”
“Ok,” Taylor interrupted her, “but people don’t usually do that. I don’t believe that you are a ghost or an angel simple because I don’t believe in either, so - who, what, how?” He had a hard time even formulating an actual question. 
“You are right,” Lilly Grace had an amused note in her voice, “I most certainly am none of the above.”
“But more to the point,” she continued a little more serious, “I am a woman, just like you are a man. I wanted to get that out of the way. You have seen the Abraham material on the Lilly-Book and the Abrahamster drawings and all the wise ideas and concepts they offer. What do you think would happen if someone after studying all of this would set aside all physically focused desire and tried to completely allow the connection with their inner being in a constant two way communication?”
“They would die?” Taylor’s answer was as much a question as a suggestion. 
“Hm, interesting conclusion,” Lilly Grace looked at him surprised, “you do have a good grasp on the Abraham teachings. To be honest, when Michael and I first made a conscious attempt to achieve full uplink, as we call it, we were aware of the possibility that your suggestion might be correct. It took us many months to work through that little curveball.” She laughed and looked at Taylor to see if he was still with her.
“We did not have the slightest idea what we were getting ourselves into. The only thing we both knew was that we wanted to know and to understand beyond the conventional avenues of learning and reasoning. We also had complete faith in the principle of wellbeing. We didn’t know what we were doing but we knew we were safe no matter where this adventure would lead us.” 
Taylor’s eyes were wide open from suspense and he had a hard time remembering to breathe, but he still managed to say, “Go on, please.”
“Our progress was slow, but deliberate,” Lilly Grace continued, “First we noticed that our physical lives improved far beyond what we would have ever thought possible or even desirable. We were happy to a point that even the slightest dip in our vibration caused an immediate reflex within our thought process to regain our usual composure. You should have seen our faces when that happened, it was almost comical.”
She contorted her face and shook her whole body in feigned seizures to demonstrate. They both had to laugh at the dramatic display. 
“So you didn’t die, I suppose,” Taylor joked. 
“Not at all,” Lilly Grace picked up her story, “On the contrary, we felt more alive and healthy and prosperous than ever. We didn’t have the feeling that we learned something substantially new either, this was only a logical conclusion of our deliberate reduction of resistance. We did notice a sharpening of our intuition in many situations but we chalked that up to our heightened attention and focus. At some point, a few years after we had started the process, we came to the conclusion, that we probably had gone as far as we could with this process and we relaxed into the realization that what we had achieved was a very, very good life and the prospect of a lot more of it but that the conscious direct link to the other world would remain an unattainable dream. Something to look forward to in another plane of existence.”
“So you gave up?” Taylor wondered.
“Not really,” Lilly Grace explained, “we continued our efforts to keep our vibration, our thoughts, in as much alignment with our desires as was possible for us, but we set aside the specific goal for uplink for the time being.”
“I bet, that was the moment when it happened,” Taylor guessed. 
“I see, you have been in similar situations before,” Lilly Grace nodded, “You are absolutely right. It happened so fast and completely that it took Michael and me a good while to understand. The magnitude of clarity was mind-boggling. Our questions were answered in such multidimensional detail that we were concerned for a moment that our heads would explode. For most of the information we received there weren’t even words to describe it. It occurred to us much later that the only way we were able to communicate our early experiences to each other was the fact that both of us received all the information each one of us was accessing. The whole situation defied reason or definition. We just went with it for some time, exploring, experimenting, enjoying and getting acquainted with our new reality.”
“Sounds like a bad case of good peyote to me,” Taylor laughed. 
“That’s not as bad a description as it seems,” Lilly Grace laughed with him, “the only difference was, there was no waking up with a bad headache or with the munchies. I’m not even sure if anyone else but the two of us noticed the change at first. We just goofed around in our new playground for a few days, coming up with the most ridiculous questions and reveling in the inventive and hilarious answers that we received. It was like a carefree fun game in the beginning,” Lilly Grace described her early experience within the uplinked state. 
“What was the first thing you seriously asked?” Taylor wanted to know.
“It was actually one of Michael’s long lasting riddles. He had contemplated the nature of gravity for many years and had discussed it with the sharpest minds he could engage but the outcome had always been disappointing to him. When he asked, ‘What is gravity?’ I was fully aware of it. We hadn’t spoken about it before, but the moment he formulated the question in his mind we both instantly received the answer loud and clear and simple. He was besides himself by the simplicity and beauty of the answer. He couldn’t stop saying, ‘Did you hear that?’ to me. I had to hold him and calm him down for almost an hour before we were able to talk about it.”
“So, what was the answer?” Taylor couldn’t believe that she would leave him hanging like that. 
“Oh, of course,” Lilly Grace added apologetically, “the answer was, ‘Thought.’ Gravity is thought, very old static not ever changing thought. As a matter of fact it was one of the first thoughts to bring this universe into existence. Isn’t that beautiful?” Even after all these years Lilly Grace was still in awe by this simple concept. 
“Thought, huh?” Taylor tried to ingest this information, “Now that is worth a thought.” He paused as he realized the irony of what he had just said and laughed. 
“What’s the story with being here and not quite here at the same time? Lilly Ann always avoided my questions about where her parents lived. I assume there is a connection somewhere here?” Taylor had lost all his trepidation of openly discussing these issues with his mother in law. 
“She never told you, huh?” Lilly Grace laughed, “It is really not so simple to say. You see, as we continued to explore our new mind space, as we called it, we suddenly found ourselves mentally in all kinds of places, nearby or far away without ever leaving the house. The impressions we got on these mind travels felt very real, only the direct physical interaction was missing. Most of the time we didn’t know or care if the places and events we saw were real or just figments of our imagination but the information that we gathered was valuable and insightful. During one of these trips, no pun intended, Michael mentioned to me that he was hungry and felt like a good meal at the Schwyzer House. Next thing we know, we sit at a table in the tavern with a couple cats sitting nearby and looking at us very curiously. Can you imagine our faces when Fritz came to the table saying, ‘Gracy, Michael, I didn’t see you come in, what can I bring you to eat?’ We had a lot to talk about that evening.”
“That sounds wild,” Taylor muttered.
“You should have been there, people who saw us that evening were concerned about our health because our faces were so pale,” Lilly Grace agreed. 
“So, this is what you do now all the time?” Taylor asked.
“Pretty much,” Lilly Grace said with glowing face, “there is an immense universe out there for us to explore. Guess where your wedding ring came from?” She was clearly having fun now. 
“I’m afraid to ask,” Taylor laughed.
“There is a small nebula close to Orion’s belt which can hardly be seen from the Earth’s surface. It is a beautiful constellation with just a few hundred thousand stars. One of them is a hot, white glowing sun with fifteen tiny planets. From a distance they look like a string of pearls. Michael noticed the metallic gleam on the surface of the planets so we had a good look and found that one of them is almost completely composed of titanium and platinum. He took a piece of metal and wielded it into shape in the fires of that little sun. We had a lot of fun playing with that ring while we transported it to your wedding. You won’t believe how easy it is to loose a small ring in the vastness of intergalactic space.”
“You are kidding me, right?” Taylor wasn’t quite sure if he preferred the story to be true or made up.
“Nope,” Lilly Grace answered simply, “there is even a small engraving of the star and its planets on the inside of the ring, have you noticed?”
“I have seen it and wondered about it,” Taylor confirmed, “I would have never guessed what it stands for though.”
They stood in silence for a few moments before Taylor was able to gather his twirling thoughts. 
“How deep does the complexity of your thoughts go? How far can you reach? Are there even words to convey your findings?” He had a million questions popping up at the same time. 
“No end to it,” Lilly Grace said without hesitation, “Every time we think there cannot be more, there is. We have been to the edge of the universe, literally, and guess what, there is more. We have given up to speak in ultimate terms altogether. There really is no end to it. Joy through expansion and expansion through joy.”
“You said, you still consider yourself a normal human, but your experiences do not really go well with that picture,” Taylor mused, “Are you the beginning of the next evolutionary step in the development of life on this planet?”
“That would be a tall order,” Lilly Grace shook her head, “I’d rather think that we are experimenting with new ways to see the world and that others might or might not join us. It could be that the first beings that developed abstract thought and language felt a little like we do, as they sure would have had a hard time to communicate their experiences to others in their communities. I could imagine that many of these first attempts remained just that, baby steps that pre-paved the way for others to expand on them and maybe find a broader experience for many,” she contemplated that thought for a moment, “This is not up to us, and I like it that way.” 
“So, what do you do if you have everything you ever wanted at your fingertips?” Now Taylor was eager to seize the moment to gain more clarity for his own questions.
“You want more,” Lilly Grace did not even blink, “More clarity, more complexity, more peace, more of everything and then some. Can you imagine that there is relief from pure bliss and ecstasy? Well, there is. It’s delicious.” 
Taylor had one more question that he almost did not dare to ask for the answer might be too much to comprehend. 
“Is there more than us?” he asked vaguely to give Lilly Grace the chance not to answer if she felt it would not be beneficial for him. 
“You mean, is there more than all-there-is?” Lilly Grace’s smile radiated throughout her body, “What a wonderful and boundary stretching question. The simple answer is, ‘Yes!’, as many as your mind can imagine.”
“How does all-there-is talk to another all-there-is?” Taylor had an innate knowing of the answer to this question but he so much wanted to hear it spoken by another. 
“You know the answer to this question, John,” Lilly Grace toyed with him, “And you know that I know that you know. And you know what, you are right. We are the expression of source energy on the leading edge. We are what is projected to the boundaries of thought by Source. In this sense we are the language that Source uses to communicate with another. And since Source is pure love, we are the love song, which is sung from one all-there-is to another. What a wonderful, wonderful idea. Thank you so much for this, John Taylor. As you see, the power always lies in the question. The answers follow all by themselves.”
Taylor hadn’t been as proud of himself since he aced his first flight review in a rocket fighter.
“In that light, shouldn’t we do something to clean up and expand our vocabulary, so to speak?” Taylor had fun playing with that new clarity. 
“It’s hard to improve on perfection,” Lilly Grace laughed, “There is no wrong or bad thought and we are but the physical expression of thought. No matter where you stand or what you do, you are the perfect culmination of the choices you have made according to your own conclusions and preferences. Source is not concerned about any of us messing up her perfect song with our imperfect vibration. It’s like with music that thrives on tension and relief, rhythm, harmony and disharmony, noise and pure tone. Take one of these away and you’ll end up with something that might be a bit more polished, but it sure will be a lot more boring.” After a short pause she added, “It never hurts to let more fun into your life, though. That’s what we all had in mind when we said, “Let’s get fizzical!” Fun and joy, all the rest is just a means to that end.” 
“Let’s get fizzical, fizzical,” Taylor intonated the century old tune that he had heard on the Lilly-Book, swaying his hips and grabbing Lilly Grace’s arms for a little dance. 
“You know John,” Lilly Grace laughed at his antics, “I don’t want to sound too maternal, but you are the best thing that could have happened to Lilly Ann. You have brought so much new energy into her life and into ours. For us, you are a glowing example of how Law of Attraction finds the most unlikely and creative ways to provide for all of us what matches our vibration. We really appreciate you and love you for it.”
Taylor mockingly stood at attention and snapped his right hand to his temple. “All part of the service,” he stated with military precision before cracking into his widest little boy smile on tap. 
There was a little stir in the air and Taylor was sure the shadow on the ground in front of him had not been there a moment ago. He turned around and took a quick step back at the sight of Michael Angelo who had made a sudden entrance onto the scene. 
“Nice try, dad,” he said to Michael, “Next time I’m not going to be impressed that easily.”
“I guess we have to come up with a few new tricks then,” Michael picked up the joking tone. 
“Are you guys getting ready to leave again,” Taylor asked sensing the urgency that had come over his parents in law.
“You have to excuse us,” Lilly Grace answered, “We have an appointment with James3652, we call him Jamie. He is a white dwarf that is about to enter the event horizon of a black hole. We have never seen anything like it before and nobody knows what’s actually going to happen.” They both looked excited like high school kids at prom night at the prospect of seeing a whole star blink out of existence.
“Just be careful not to fall in yourselves,” Taylor joked as if intergalactic travel was the most natural thing an elderly couple could do on an early summer afternoon. 
“We’ll be careful, promise,” Lilly Grace kissed him on both cheeks and gave him a big hug, “We’ll see you soon. Be good.”
In the next instance the slight rush of air that filled the now vacant space in front of him was Taylor’s only evidence that what he just had experienced was anything but a very vivid daydream. He shook his head, scratched his temple and shrugged his shoulders before turning back to his workbench to tend to his latest creation. 
“What did ma and you have to discuss all afternoon?” Lilly Ann was curious when they both sat down for dinner by themselves.
“Oh, just this and that,” Taylor teased her, “you know, them flying around in space and bringing back my wedding ring from a distant star, and them being the apes that speak while we don’t. That sort of stuff.”
“Oh, that’s all?” Lilly Ann asked innocently.
“Yeah, that was all,” Taylor said with a sigh, “To be honest right now I don’t have the slightest idea what this all means to me, or to us.”
“I guess it means that all is well,” Lilly Ann brought everything to the point.
“I guess you are right,” Taylor agreed, and with a chuckle he added, “Just don’t mention that to Jamie, the white dwarf who is about to be eaten by a black hole.” 
Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in amused bewilderment. For the first time since they had met she had no clue what he was talking about. She kind of liked that.




Chapter 18: The Flight of the Condor




Wilbur was a true child of his surroundings. Bright eyed, fearless, easy to laugh and easy to love, smart, inventive, creative and for all intents and purposes Wilbur was a little crazy. One could have said that he pushed the believe in his invulnerability over the edge, literally, frequently. Wilbur was obsessed with the idea of flying. Even as a small child he would sit in the yard for hours and observe any critter in flight. Birds, butterflies, dragonflies, bees, bumblebees and many others alike could captivate his attention for as long as they remained aloft in his field of vision. 
As Wilbur grew older he got increasingly impatient with the bounds of gravity, which tied him to the ground. Skipping and jumping and swinging from trees was not quite enough to quench his thirst for lofty heights. Wilbur knew about airplanes, big complicated machines that obviously allowed some people to escape the restrictions of gravity and soar through the skies. He had spent countless hours in front of the Lilly-Book, spell bound by video clips, photos and drawings of flying machines. Yet, there were no airplanes in Flugerton and he had neither means nor desire to go where airplanes might have been. 
At the tender age of four, Wilbur launched his first attempt to take to the air for himself. He tirelessly collected every bird feather he saw lying on the ground, and some say he plucked out the odd one himself from its unwilling donor, to meticulously glue them onto his favorite shirt. Once he believed that the garment was sufficiently covered he used the neighbor’s ladder to climb onto a ten feet high branch of the family’s plum tree and without so much as a second thought he took the plunge. The short exhilarating flight was concluded with an ungraceful landing that broke both his legs and rendered him unconscious for the better part of an hour. 
Wilbur was quick to heal and since the merciful blanket of darkness had covered the majority of pain associated with his injuries, fear did not enter the equation for his further pursuit of roaming the skies. Contraptions born of unbridled ingenuity and enthusiasm littered the chosen path he was on. Catapults and shoulder lacerations, bungee cords and a crushed pelvis, oversized paper kites and broken knee caps, build, fly, crash and heal was the chain of events that became second nature to Wilbur until one fateful day a stranger entered his horizon to change his life forever. 
Wilbur was working on his latest invention which was supposed to shoot him out of an eight feet long barrel by the force of a small explosion and once he would achieve lift off he had planned to spread his arms in a suit that resembled the flying extremities of a bat to some extent and he would glide back to the ground in a controlled manner. For his life he could not understand why his parents, teachers, friends and pretty much everyone he told about it were so vehemently arguing against his maiden flight. He was convinced that all would go according to plan if he just found the right amount of explosives to light underneath his feet. 
Everyone’s relief was palpable when the arrival of the four travelers from the South was the news of the day and word got around that they had made most of the trip in an airplane that was parked just two days from Flugerton in the foothills of the Ozark. Wilbur was ecstatic by the prospect of seeing a man who could not only fling himself into the air but, more importantly also get himself and his passengers back to the ground in one piece, what a novel idea. 
Even though Wilbur had shadowed the group of guests for their entire stay, he had not been able to find the right opportunity to approach the captain of the airplane and talk aeronautics with him. All four of them seemed always busy performing some sort of procedure on life stock and plants, talking to farmers and ranchers and he didn’t want to get in the way of their important business. Wilbur wasn’t shy per se but he appreciated the air of urgency that surrounded the traveler group and he did not want to interfere until they would take some time off and relax a bit. 
Two weeks later the guests were gone. They obviously had concluded their search and had left one morning without much of a warning. Wilbur was crushed. He believed to have missed his one chance to get any information about how to make this business of flying stick. He knew there was a way, he only needed someone to point him in the right direction. Wilbur retreated to his room upstairs in his parent’s house and contemplated for the first time if he should give up on the only dream he had ever harbored. 
Four days later the captain was back. Every child in town knew his name now. They called him Geronimo. His plane had fallen out of the sky, brought down by lightning, but the captain had lived and his passengers were on their way home. 
‘Can happen to the best of us,’ Wilbur thought while he promised himself not to miss his chance this time. 
Next morning before sunrise, Wilbur slipped out of his parent’s house and with only a small backpack and rations for a view days he set out on a hiking trip south. He knew that if he stayed true to his intentions and did not let doubt or fear creep into his vibration, he would either find the broken airplane on his own or he would run into Jack and Jo Jack to show him the way. He was happy enough with either development. 
Three days and three nights Wilbur tracked through the storm beaten forest all by himself before he stood with wide eyes and open mouth under the remains of the proud silver bird as it precariously remained suspended amidst dense, tall trees. The wings had been stripped away for the most part and the skin of the fuselage was burned and molten to shreds. The metal trellis was bent and broken in many places but the basic shape and construction were still obvious to the keen observer. 
Fascinated beyond measure, Wilbur took mentally picture after picture of the intricate construction of this light and sturdy design. There were the cables that moved the control surfaces and some of the levers and wheels that were manipulated by the hands of the pilot. His imagination merged the missing parts back into place and suddenly he could see it. His mind’s eye perceived a clear picture of the stream of air acting on the hull of the airplane, how the profile of the wing would create lift and the propeller would pull the craft through the sky. Control surfaces, stabilizers, even the illusive landing flaps made perfect sense in the context of his years of studies of aerodynamics and mechanics. 
The idea that formed in his head was as far fetched as any he had ever dreamed up. ‘I can build this.’ The thought was frightening in scope and reach and life summoning enough to last for decades. 
“You like the bird,” Joe Jack’s remark was more a statement than a question. 
Jack and Jo Jack had silently emerged from between the trees and found the boy contemplating the airplane in awe. Wilbur turned around not even the slightest surprised.
“Yes,” he agreed, “yes I do. Can you help me take it apart and bring it back to town?”
“Sure.” Jack and Jo Jack nodded their heads, turned around and disappeared in the direction they had come from.

... 

“Knock, knock,” Lilly Ann cautiously opened the door to the tool shed, which Taylor had converted to his artist studio. She never knew when it was safe to walk in because of the more or less violent fabrication methods he used to create his masterpieces. “There is someone who would like to meet you, John.” 
She opened the door all the way and Taylor walked out into the yard in a cloud of fumes and dust. He coughed a few times to get the smoke out of his lungs and turned to kiss Lilly Ann. 
She threw her arms up in defense, “I think you need a bath and a shave before you come anywhere near me mister,” she joked and jumped out of his reach. 
“This is Wilbur,” she introduced their guest, “he has been a fan of yours for a long time and he has something he wants to show to you.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Wilbur,” Taylor vigorously shook the young man’s hand, “so you like metal sculptures. Do you work in metal too?”
“It’s an honor, sir,” Wilbur replied very politely. He looked helplessly between Lilly Ann and Taylor a few times before he said a little embarrassed, “Well, sir, actually, I’m not so much a fan of yours as an artist but mainly as an airplane pilot. You know, I want to fly too.” 
“Oh,” Taylor chuckled, “sorry for being so assumptions. I haven’t done any flying since, well, you probably have heard since when. Come to think of it, for the first time since my sixteenth birthday my pilot’s license has expired a few months ago. Hm, didn’t even think about that until now. So, what was it you wanted to show me?” 
“I’d rather not say but show you, sir” Wilbur avoided a direct answer, “If you don’t mind, sir” he added hastily. 
“I’d rather you stop calling me sir, Wilbur,” Taylor said, “And no, I don’t mind. Would you want to join us for lunch first? I also need to clean up before I can leave the house.” 
After a lightning fast all around grooming sequence the three of them sat at a picnic table in the yard and enjoyed their sandwiches. 
“You know, John, Wilbur is somewhat of a celebrity himself here in town, aren’t you Wilbur?” she smiled at him warmly. 
“Yeah, don’t mention it,” Wilbur murmured. 
“Don’t be so modest,” Lilly Ann laughed, “Wilbur has even you beat for most broken bones and life threatening injuries. You see, John, there is probably not a single way of getting airborne that Wilbur hasn’t tried out already, with the exception of using an actual airplane of course.”
“Is that right?” Taylor looked at Wilbur with a mixture of admiration and curiosity, “So, what would you call yourself, determined or nuts?” He jovially slapped the young man on the back. 
“A bit of both, I assume,” Wilbur admitted, “but these days are over. I have decided to get serious now.”
“Are you gonna jump off Eagles Cliff next,” Lilly Ann was all excited, “You’ll break your neck for good doing that.”
“No, Ma’am” Wilbur shook his head, “none of that foolishness anymore. Are we done yet? I can’t wait to show you and Mr. Taylor.” 
“Well then,” Taylor stood up and shoved the last piece of bread into his mouth, “where to young man?”
“The old service station, at the big meadow up the river,” Wilbur jumped to his feet as well, “I’ll show you.” 
The outlines of the Good-Year sign were washed out but still visible above the large sliding doors on the front of the abandoned automotive service station. The grass covering what was once the customer parking lot was trimmed short and tidy and the whole area made a nicely groomed impression. 
“This looks so nice, Wilbur,” Lilly Ann clapped her hands as she climbed out of her van’s drivers seat, “Who cleaned up the mess around here?”
“I did, Ma’am,” Wilbur announced eagerly, “a few of my friends helped too.” 
“Do you live out here?” Lilly Ann was curious. 
“Yes, Ma’am, for the most part, but that is not why I brought you here.” Wilbur walked to the huge sliding door, which had recently been repaired with smooth wooden planks. He grabbed the wrought iron handle resembling a propeller and pulled the door open. 
“This is why I brought you here.” The object Wilbur’s sweeping gesture enveloped left Taylor and Lilly Ann speechless. “Behold the Condor.”
“That’s an airplane,” Taylor stammered, stating the obvious, “it’s brand new. Where did you get this?” He turned to Wilbur, who grinned from ear to ear, giddy from his successful coup. 
“I built it,” he drove the surprise to a new peak. 
“You did, huh?” Taylor looked at him incredulously but the delight and pride in the young man’s face told him that he spoke the truth, “You did, didn’t you.” 
Meanwhile Lilly Ann was besides herself from joy and excitement. She danced and skipped around the plane clapping her hands, chanting, “Wilbur built an airplane! Wilbur built an airplane!”
Taylor shook his head, still in shock, and stepped closer to the aircraft. He immediately noticed the resemblance with his old plane in proportions and basic construction. It seemed that this airplane was about three quarters the size his plane had been. It was entirely built of steel and wood frames covered with canvas. The control surfaces were not attached yet and the plane was missing the landing gear and an engine. Everything else was there as far as he could see at a first glance. 
“This is good work,” Taylor ran his hands over the tightly stretched hull, “Do you actually want to fly this thing?”
“Hm, I don’t know,” Wilbur replied, “I was hoping you would help me finish it and teach me how to fly.” He looked at Taylor with hopeful anticipation. “If you are not too busy, of course, sir,” he added hastily. 
“We would need an engine and wheels,” Taylor felt right in his element.
“All here,” Wilbur pulled back a tarp covering the salvaged engine and the deflated but intact main wheels. “I asked Jack and Joe Jack to help me get your airplane here. I also used much of the structural material to build the fuselage frame.”
“I thought that some of the parts looked awfully familiar,” Taylor smiled. “Did you do any stress tests on the wings and tail to see if it’ll hold together?”
“Yes sir,” Wilbur wasn’t going to give up calling Taylor ‘sir’ any time soon, it seemed, “we lifted the plane up with winches at the tips of the wings and then we piled rocks into the cockpit. We got at least three times the weight of the airplane including engine in there before I got scared. Do you think that would be enough?”
“That’ll do,” Taylor chuckled, “we’ll do another test once we have the engine and all the missing parts in.”
“So, you are going to help me,” Wilbur almost couldn’t contain himself. 
“Well, I have to ask Mrs. Taylor first for permission, of course,” Taylor laughed nodding at Lilly Ann. 
“Naturally,” Wilbur agreed and looked tensely at Lilly Ann. 
“You don’t need my permission,” Lilly Ann laughed, “You boys with your toys,” she scolded, “Go finish the plane, fly it, have fun. I want to get a ride too.”
Taylor looked at Wilbur with raised eyebrows, “I guess you got yourself a partner, partner. Congratulations.” 
Every morning 6 a.m. without fail for the next few months Wilbur’s pickup truck would stop in front of the Taylor house and he would patiently wait until his mentor appeared at the front door with a big smile on his face and a bag full of food and drink for lunch under his arm. Taylor had rekindled his love affair with all things flying. They had gone over the plane’s structure inch by inch, refining the design, loosing a few ounces here, adding a bit of strength there to ensure the integrity of hull and wings in flight. 
They designed control surfaces and attached them to the stabilizers, routed cables through the fuselage and made them functional with proper flight controls in the cockpit. The mangled landing gear of Taylor’s plane was stripped of its valuable bearings, suspension and breaks to provide the necessary functionality to the newly thought out wheel assembly. 
It took two young painters, Herb and Lilly-Fran, who were as much interested in each other as they were in painting the airplane, more than a month to apply sealant and paint to the canvas covering the entire plane. Taylor’s suggestion to just take a big brush and paint the whole thing white was met with disgust. Small deliberate brush strokes, many thousands of them, turned the plain looking craft into a gleaming proud bird, one intricate feather at a time. In the end it looked like it was soaring through the skies even when standing still on the ground. 
The plane was almost finished were it not for that little detail that they had conveniently avoided to even discuss. The engine cowl still was ominously empty. One morning Taylor pulled back the tarp that had covered the engine for all this time. 
“We have to look at this mess sooner or later,” he fought for encouragement for the both of them. 
It didn’t look pretty. The entire engine was covered in thick oily soot and it was obvious that a few metal parts were badly bent out of shape from the heat and the impact. 
“No use to whine about it,” Taylor got to business, “Let’s tear it down and see what we got.”
Wilbur had no trepidation getting his hands dirty and neither did Taylor. In less time than it takes to say, ‘internal combustion engine’ they were both covered in grime and grease while cautiously disassembling the precious heart of the airplane. Taylor was engulfed in a full-blown hurricane of emotions. He was delighted to once more have his hands on the old trusty machine that he had taken apart and put back together so many times, just as it tore his heart out to see the motor in such poor shape, damaged almost beyond recovery. 
One part after another they disassembled the power plant cleaning every bit and piece and covering them in fresh oil. They cataloged the damage and sorted out what could be repaired by means available to them and where ingenuity would have to step in to make up for the right materials or tools. 
“We are missing about a third of an engine,” Taylor concluded as he went over the list again. 
“We have all the parts for four cylinders,” Wilbur suggested, “The Condor is smaller and lighter than your plane was. We could put weights on the crankshaft for balance and rebuild it as a four cylinder instead of six cylinder motor.” 
“It’ll run a bit rough, but if we can get the counterweights right it might just work,” Taylor agreed, “Do you know someone who could do the calculations for the balancing?”
“I already did,” Wilbur handed Taylor a piece of paper covered with a mathematical formula that made his eyes swim, “Does that look right to you?”
“I couldn’t tell you if my life depended on it,” Taylor shook his head, “It seems that you are the genius between the two of us, so I’m going to trust you and we’ll see what happens.” 
And so they did. Many days and most of the nights they built and took apart and built again until one early morning the two men stood exhausted, sleep deprived but proud and happy before their finished work. The stout little engine had been granted another lease on life. The odds that it would once again pull an airplane across the sky grew higher by the minute. 
“Let’s fire her up after we got some sleep,” Taylor suggested. They pulled the garage doors shut and drove home for some well-deserved rest. 
Not even five hours later Wilbur sat patiently in his truck in front of Taylor’s house and waited. He had been too excited to sleep, so he had decided to drive out into the woods to a friend’s place for a special pickup. Taylor and Lilly Ann finally made an appearance. It seemed that the missus would join them for the big moment of turning over their Franken-engine for the first time. 
Wilbur jumped out of the truck and jovially pointed his thumb at the truck bed. 
“I picked up something special this morning,” he announced with an excited grin on his face. He lowered the tailgate and pulled out a long object that was carefully wrapped in thick fabric padding.
“What is it?” Taylor asked, “Looks like a...”
“It’s a propeller,” Wilbur interrupted him unable to contain himself, “The one from your plane was all bent and broken, so Jack and I sliced it up into small pieces to have templates for the profile. Then Jack carved this.”
He pulled the wrapping apart and revealed a jewel of a wooden propeller. It was carved out of very dark laminated wood and had the hub of its predecessor already installed. 
“Wow,” Taylor whistled as he saw the marvel, “this is beautiful. What kind of wood is it made of?”
“Well, we thought that we could use some extra strength,” Wilbur explained, “So Jack laminated thin pieces of old hardwood railway sleepers into a big block. They are very dry and hard as rock. It takes a big man to carve these.”
Taylor ran his fingers over the highly polished wood surface. He traced the profile of the propeller on various places and was impressed with the smooth flow of the shape. 
“It’s balanced in all directions too,” Wilbur explained, “to a fiftieth of an ounce.” 
“You are full of surprises my friend,” Taylor said full of admiration for his resourceful and ingenious protégé. 
 A small crowd had already gathered at the Flugerton airport, as Wilbur called his garage jokingly, and more spectators arrived as time passed. Rumors had been persistent that Wilbur and Taylor had actually succeeded in building this flying machine and everyone who had helped in any way had sung its praises. Most people in town did not have much desire to travel very far, and it would have taken a miracle to persuade them to take a ride in an airplane, but if young Wilbur was brave enough to give it another try, they sure wanted to be part of it and cheer him on. 
With the big propeller under his arm Wilbur with Taylor and Lilly Ann in tow made his way past the clapping audience and pulled the door to the hangar open. An approving gasp could be heard from people who had not seen the airplane before as it appeared in the gleaming midday sun. Rather ceremoniously Wilbur raised up the propeller and slipped the metal hub onto the engine’s drive shaft. In a crisscross pattern that was ingrained into his brain from many repetitions Taylor tightened the bolts of the propeller assembly. Click, click, click, the torque wrench sounded to signal its approval for the correct tension of the bolts. 
“That’s it,” Taylor simply said, “You got yourself an airplane.”
Their handshake and smile was all the expression of appreciation needed between the two men. Grease, sweat and curse words can form a bond that goes beyond spoken words. 
Wilbur removed the wheel chocks to free the bird from its birthplace. He and Taylor grabbed opposite ends of the propeller and slowly pulled the airplane out into the open. They had decided to do a test run of the engine and take it from there. No use in making big plans and getting ahead of themselves. 
Once the aircraft was outside and positioned so that the prop wash would not hit anything valuable they reattached the wheel chocks to the main landing gear to keep the plane from taking off on its own. 
“You remember the starting procedure?” Taylor asked Wilbur.
There was no other way than to hand prop the motor at this time. Wilbur nodded, confident that he would not have any difficulty turning the motor in order to start it. Taylor climbed into the leather-upholstered pilot’s seat and loudly called out the switches and controls he manipulated according to their own checklist. All the way down the list he announced, “Ignition on, check.” 
Wilbur pulled the leather gloves he was wearing tight one more time and stepped up to the propeller. With a quick look at his parents in the audience and at Taylor in the cockpit he placed both hands on the downward side of the propeller, pulled it slowly to the compression point of the first cylinder and with all his might turned it over and quickly stepped back to safety. The engine said plop plop plop and was silent again. Taylor nodded at Wilbur encouraging. Again Wilbur grabbed the propeller and rotated it. Plop bang bang plop was the engines response and a small white cloud puffed out of the exhaust stack. Taylor nodded again and Wilbur went to repeat the procedure. Plop bang - then a moment of silence - and with a loud BANG the engine came to life. It sputtered and protested against the inappropriate fuel mixture. Taylor reached around the windshield to adjust the idle setting on the carburetor and was rewarded with a much more compliant sounding power plant. 
To the sound of wild cheers and hollering from the crowd and with an eye on young Wilbur standing in utter amazement of his own achievement, Taylor slowly increased the power setting of the engine. The speed of the propeller climbed with the angry growl of the motor, the plane straining against the shackles that locked it to the ground. The engine was running at what Taylor considered full usable power for about three minutes before he reached for the throttle control, reduced power to idle and killed the ignition switch. Silence, broken by the crackling of the hot metal rewarded his actions. 
Taylor shut down the airplane in reverse order of startup and climbed out of the cockpit. Lilly Ann was hopping up and down clapping her hands. 
“Is she ready to fly?” she asked excitedly.
Taylor smiled at Wilbur who hadn’t moved or said anything.
“I think she’s ready to go,” he announced, “We’ll go over every inch of it again to make sure that nothing came loose from the engine vibration, then we’ll do a longer test run of the motor and then we are ready to go, whenever you are, Wilbur.” 
He touched Wilbur’s arm to bring him out of his freeze. 
“Sure,” Wilbur stammered slowly regaining coherence of thought, “whenever you say it’s time, sir.” 
“Let’s get to work then,” Taylor assumed control of the situation. 
He turned to Lilly Ann, “Do you think someone could go and get some food and drink for all these people, it’s going to be a long afternoon.”
“I’ll let Willie know,” she said without making an effort to get going.
“Right, thank you,” Taylor shrugged. He was not the least bit surprised when he heard the catering van from Schwyzer House rolling up the street twenty minutes later. He so hoped that he could get used to that kind of thing rather sooner than later. 
The afternoon sun was slowly descending to the West when a crowd of people followed a small airplane, painted in otherworldly looking fiery feathers, that was carefully pulled by a handful of volunteers onto the meadow behind the service station just outside of Flugerton. The grass had been meticulously trimmed over a period of many months and all bumps and ripples on the surface had been flattened to provide a smooth field of grass. Flugerton airport was open for its first order of business, the maiden flight of the Condor. 
The airplane was positioned at the western end of the landing strip and people lined up alongside the field to get a good look. The two pilots stood next to the plane and went over the tasks to be performed and over the flight plan one more time. They had fuel for about 30 minutes of engine runtime on board, so the plan was to have a ten-minute first test flight and try to get back to the ground in one piece. As the saying goes, ‘Any landing you walk away from was a good landing, if you can use the aircraft again, it was a great landing.’ So that was the plan.
Lilly Ann stood with her brother at the side of the meadow and waved at Taylor as he climbed into the cockpit for the third time that day. The starting routine looked like a well-rehearsed ballet by then and soon the loud sputter of the idling engine was heard throughout the area. Wilbur ran a big circle around the wing of the airplane, climbed into the second seat behind Taylor’s and fastened his safety belt. He touched Taylor’s shoulder to let him know that he was ready. Taylor reached back to squeeze his hand. They were in this together now, for better or worse. 
Taylor had expected an emotional onslaught for the moment when it would become eminent that he was about to reclaim his place amongst the clouds. When the time came, however, it felt so natural to slide the throttle control forward and release the breaks that the only emotions he felt were relief and appreciation for the young man behind him and the good fortune their friendship had been blessed with. 
The Condor slowly gained speed hopping and bobbing eastwards on its big wheels. The beautiful wooden propeller sung its song driven by the ingeniously resurrected motor, propelling the craft faster and faster. Soon Taylor felt the air pressure on the flight controls and the rudder responded to his input to keep the plane straight. Slowly the tail lifted off the ground affording the pilot and his passenger full view of the field they were racing across. There was ample room in front of them so Taylor forced the plane to stay on the ground for just a few seconds longer. The more speed they had available to turn into lift the safer the first take off would be. 
Blink an eye, she rolled, blink again, she flew, just like that. The Condor had made the step into a new frontier. Soft backpressure on the elevator control put distance between the wheels and the ground. She flew for good. The crowd was quiet, almost in shock at first, only to burst into a frantic celebration of hugs and backslapping, laughs and tears. They couldn’t believe what they saw with their own eyes. One of their own had built this thing, and it flew. Wilbur had finally made it, he was a flyboy after all. 
The careful calculations of weight and balance had paid off. It took only slight adjustments to the trim tabs for Taylor to stabilize the bird in a controlled climb. His plan was to get them at least a few hundred feet above ground before he would test maneuvering capabilities. A few minutes of slow but steady climb brought them to a safe altitude to level off and try to turn the plane for the first time. The very conservative wing profile and generous dihedral made for a very stable flying aircraft. The reaction to aileron input was smooth and predictable and the plane turned without complaint. 
With the basic flight maneuvers successfully checked off the list there was one more procedure that had to be performed on their maiden flight. Taylor turned the plane back towards the airfield and set it straight and level. He raised his hand to the agreed upon sign and pointed his thumb to his back. After counting to five he released the control stick stretching his arms to both sides. Wilbur had to remind himself to soften his white-knuckle grip on the flight stick. He took a deep breath, consciously loosened his fingers and gently pushed the stick to the right. As the plane started to turn he applied a little backpressure on the elevator and just a hair of right rudder and as if it was the most natural thing to do in his life he directed the aircraft into a coordinated turn. 
Not the slightest impressed by the bumps in its movements or the slight turbulence as they crossed over the forest Wilbur flew the airplane with intuition and gusto and a grin that seemed to have taken hold of his face for good. He felt like he had finally made the first step into his native element, and in a way he had done just that. 
After having performed a few turns and circles Wilbur tapped Taylor’s shoulder, time to fly home. Taylor had enjoyed Wilbur’s show of talent immensely and with waving thumbs up to his copilot he took back control of the craft. The airplane had on purpose been designed with a mild mannered flight attitude in mind so the glide back to the ground was as satisfying as it was uneventful. They touched down only a few hundred feet from where their flight had begun and as the plane bobbed to a halt the crowd of spectators stormed the field to congratulate their heroes. 




Chapter 19: Think And Feel




“You seem pensive, oh prince of my castle,” Lilly Ann said tenderly as she walked into the backyard to find Taylor sit deep in thought at the picnic table.
“I what?” Taylor surfaced from his contemplation, “Oh, I’m sorry, love. Did you say something?” He reached for Lilly Ann’s hand and pressed it against his lips.
“I was just commenting on your far away thinklings,” she stroked his hair, “anything you want to share?” 
“I don’t know,” Taylor hesitated, “it’s kind of silly, really.”
“Well, that’s right up my alley then, I’m the queen of all things silly,” Lilly Ann announced dramatically. 
Taylor laughed in relief, he had been waiting for a chance to discuss his thoughts with Lilly Ann. 
“You know, that first flight of the Condor got me thinking,” he was trying to sort out his own feelings, “It would not take much to make her suitable for flying higher and for longer distances. She’s slow, but seems reliable. She’s a good airplane.”
“That sounds like fun,” Lilly Ann was wise enough not to put any pressure on him, “You have to take me along some time.” 
“Yes, definitely, you’re going to love it,” Taylor was thankful for the distraction and lighthearted tone of the conversation, “but that is not exactly what I was contemplating.” 
He paused for a moment to find the right words.
“Remember, when I first recovered from my crash and all I wanted to do is go back to Texas and tell everyone about my magical healing?” Taylor smiled at the thought of a time that seemed a life away, “I would have made a fool out of myself if I had gone through with it and I would have lost everything that I had in store here.”
“It’s difficult to know what would have happened,” Lilly Ann cautioned, “but I have to say, that personally I am very happy that you decided to stay. Are you having second thoughts about your choice?”
There was not a hint of worry or jealousy in her voice and her eyes spoke only of love and care. 
“No, not at all,” Taylor shook his head, “that was the best decision of my entire life. Sometimes, when I wake up in the morning, I have to pinch myself to be sure I’m not dreaming and all of this is real. It’s so good.”
He pulled Lilly Ann closer to feel her warmth. 
“Still, I obviously did not completely abandon the idea that what I have seen and learned here would be of tremendous benefit to the friends that I left behind. I find myself calculating flight plans to Texas and back here and I don’t know how I should feel about this.” He was quiet for a moment. “It sure would be nice to see Cody again,” he added quietly. 
“I can imagine that you miss your friends,” Lilly Ann nodded, “I know, I would. They would love to see that you are well, I’m sure.” She thought about it for a moment, “What would you tell them this time?”
“Good question,” Taylor chuckled, “Trust in the fairies of the universe and do as the hamster says,” he proclaimed emphatically and laughed.
“That’s good!” Lilly Ann joined him in his laughter, “Just don’t walk away from the airplane too far so you can make a quick exit before they put you in a straight jacket.” 
“But seriously,” Taylor changed the tone of the conversation, “many of my friends have been searching for a better way to go about life for a long time. If I could just give them a small foothold to get going, that might make all the difference for them. You know, even where I came from not everyone is as stubborn as I was.”
“Really,” Lilly Ann teased him about his last comment, “that certainly is good to hear. So there is hope for them.” 
“You know,” Taylor tried to get his idea organized, “Even when you leave Abraham and Abrahamster out of the picture, the principles still apply, right? We create our own reality by the power of our thoughts. Law of Attraction brings us whatever we direct our attention to. Our emotions tell us if what we are thinking is in line with what we prefer or not. We are eternal beings. We are energy and creative god force at the very core of our being. All we ever have to do to live a more pleasant and satisfying experience is to find thoughts that make us feel better. Sounds simple enough, right?”
“To you and me it does,” Lilly Ann agreed, “but what if you would not know what you know or if you hadn’t seen what you have seen? Would it still be simple? Where is the pudding?”
“Where is the what?” Taylor didn’t follow.
“Ha, just making sure you were still with me,” Lilly Ann laughed, “Where is the proof? It’s in the pudding. So, where is the pudding?”
“I’m the pudding.” Taylor joined her in her imagery, “I am the proof for all of it. The fact that I came back to talk about it would be proof enough, right?” 
“Yes, you would be proof,” Lilly Ann agreed, “but what would you be proof of other than the fact that you can do what none of them can? Proof that you do and know what no one should be able to do or know, at least according to the old books that some of them are wielding? Some would call you devil and some would call you lord, and none of them would rest until they see you nailed to a cross.”
“Wow,” Taylor was taken aback, “I didn’t know that you feel so strongly about this.”
“I don’t,” Lilly Ann had her lighthearted tone of voice back, “I was just reciting a passage from one of the Abraham recordings. They thought it quite possible that Esther would find herself in this situation if people started to mix up what was Abraham and what was her.” 
“Did she?” Taylor asked intently.
“Not that I know of,” Lilly Ann shrugged, “but I do know that the Hicksies and Abraham, always made a strong point to only answer questions that were specifically asked of them. No preaching to the flock in hope that something sticks.” 
“Ah, the prime directive,” Taylor mocked.
“The what?” now it was Lilly Ann’s turn to raise her eyebrows. 
“Oh, nothing,” Taylor chuckled, “just a nugget from stories I loved to read as a kid about this futuristic society. They flew around in their spaceship and encountered all kinds of different species on far away planets. Their first rule of engagement, the Prime Directive, was one of noninterference. It just flashed in my mind when you reminded me of the no-ask-no-tell principle again.” 
“See, there is truth and wisdom readily available in the most unlikely places,” Lilly Ann said cheerfully, “For every question there is an answer, and sometimes it’s closer than we think.” 
“I know,” Taylor admitted, “I haven’t thought this through all the way, but it frustrates me that I could provide solutions to problems that so many people are facing, people that are still dear to me, and there is nothing I can do about it.”
“Do you think the world you came from is broken and needs fixing?” Lilly Ann set a neat little trap for him.
“Right,” Taylor smiled, “if I do then I might be part of the problem and not the solution. Very sneaky.” 
“Tell me about your friends,” Lilly Ann asked him, “what are their lives like?”
“Well,” Taylor started, “you have met Cody. He is like a big old bear. He doesn’t go looking for trouble, but he doesn’t back away from it either, and it always finds him, believe me. In a way he is a lot like you, come to think of it, like a big kid, in a good way,” he added quickly. 
“I liked Cody,” Lilly Ann smiled at the thought of the goofy giant, “with him you always know where you stand, no hidden agendas.”
“Then there was Mary from the airport office. She is the sweetest woman you can ever imagine. She’ll run all over town to find a certain candy bar just because she knows it’s the favorite of a pilot’s child who’s supposed to come through that day. She’s been through hard times, as most of the people that I’ve known, but she doesn’t know a bitter thought. I always considered her an angel in the midst of the sometimes rough crowd at a paramilitary airport.” 
There were many names Taylor mentioned and many sweet stories he recounted, tragic losses and glorious victories. Many a tear had been shed in dire desperation and many laughs had been celebrated with good friends and sworn enemies. Love, life, miracles and heartbreak, he had seen it all, just as anyone had with as many years to his name as he did. 
Lilly Ann sat in silence and enjoyed the parade of faces, facts and events drawn up by the power of Taylor’s words. There was a lot of life that he had left behind without ever looking back. Who would not understand his desire to share the gifts he had received with the loved ones of his former life? 
“You are a lucky man, John Taylor,” Lilly Ann smiled affectionately at him, “Good friends don’t come cheap and you were blessed with so many of them.” 
“So true,” Taylor nodded, “I believe that I have to find a way to help them, as you have helped me. Maybe I could get a data pad and download the content of the Lilly-Book onto it. Then they could see for themselves and make up their minds.”
“I am sure you will find the right way and the right time,” Lilly Ann said, “You have to get the Condor in shape first anyway and who knows what other ideas you come up with in the meantime. Just don’t forget who you have become when you think about where you have come from.”
“Thanks for reminding me,” Taylor smiled at her, “think and feel, right?”
“Exactly,” Lilly Ann nodded and kissed him gently, “think and feel, and then think some more and feel again. You are doing so exceptionally well, John Taylor, and from what you’ve been telling me, so are most of your friends.”
She stood up from the garden bench humming the melody of an old holiday tune. Jingle bells, jingle bells, ...
The words she had learned from a funny Abrahamster cartoon animation on the Lilly-Book were of course much more fitting: 
“Think and Feel,
Think and Feel,
Thinking day and night,
Oh what fun it is to think 
A thought that feels so bright.”

She kicked her leg up at the last word and clapped her hands. 
“Are you hungry?” she asked Taylor.
“I can eat,” he finished their favorite phrase and laughed.




Chapter 20: Lilly




A few weeks later Taylor came home one evening from his ongoing work with Wilbur when Lilly Ann greeted him at the door and waved Wilbur good-bye. She pulled Taylor inside the house, her face glowing with an unfamiliar intensity and kissed him passionately on the lips.
“Guess what?” she asked out of breath.
“You are wearing a new dress,” Taylor gladly played along. 
“Yes, that too,” Lilly Ann waved him off, “What else?”
“New shoes?” Taylor was unsure were this was headed.
“Yes, but look,” she slowly lost her patience. She lifted her new dress up to her shoulders, “Can’t you see it?”
“You are wearing new underwear, I like it.” Taylor remarked, “But if that’s not it I’ll be happy to carry you to the bedroom to have a closer look.” He grinned mischievously at her. 
“No, that’s not it,” Lilly Ann huffed and lowered her dress much to Taylor’s dismay. 
She took Taylor’s hand and dragged him into the kitchen.
“Sit down, apparently we have to do this the grownup way,” she was not happy about his slow comprehension. “Remember the other day in the yard when we talked about South Central and your friends and you going back to help them?” 
“Yes, I do,” Taylor answered, “What does that have to do with your new underwear?”
“Could you be a little more single minded, please?” Lilly Ann scolded him while caressing his hand all the while, “Forget about my underwear for a moment.”
“O.k., you got it,” Taylor said, glancing at her dress again.
“Remember how you asked Lilly the first time you thought about going back?” she wasn’t making this any easier for him.
“Yes,” came the slow reply. There was an obvious question mark attached to his answer.
“Well, you can ask Lilly again this time,” Lilly Ann said with a curious undertone.
“I don’t know,” Taylor began, but Lilly Ann put his hand on top of her belly.
“This Lilly,” she said, “our Lilly.” 
Taylor’s eyes flew wide open.
“You mean,” he had a hard time coordinating his speech, “you mean you are...”
“Yes, my love,” Lilly Ann said genuinely amused, “I am pregnant. There is a little Lilly growing under your hand.”
“I am ... this is ...  when ... how?” Taylor kissed Lilly Ann’s neck and cheeks and hands still unable to form a coherent sentence.
“I know,” she said softly, “I am so happy, I could burst, but that has to wait for another seven months.” She obviously had not lost her quirky sense of humor. 
Taylor was stunned. A child, his child, their child, their Lilly. Tears of joy were streaming down his face and all he was able to stammer was, “Thank you, thank you, thank you.” 
They sat on the old kitchen bench for a long time, embracing each other tightly, trying to adjust to the onslaught of almost unbearable bliss. Buzzing with love for each other and for their unborn treasure they did not move until - well, until Lilly Ann’s arm fell asleep. 
“I have to move my arm,” she whispered with barely withheld laughter, “and I have to go pee, a privilege of the pregnant, you know.” She slowly slipped out of Taylor’s embrace and he could hear her giggling and skipping all the way down the hall until the bathroom door had closed behind her.
Unable to move, speak or even think he just sat there, waiting for his love to return and release the spell. 
The news took a while to fully sink into the minds of the soon to be parents. Time and again Taylor and Lilly Ann found themselves pausing in the middle of a conversation, compelled to rethink their standpoint on the issue at hand in light of the increased complexity of their life circumstances. The shift in weight and direction of their discussions was invigorating on the one hand but slightly confusing all the while.
“What do I know about being a mommy?” Taylor heard Lilly Ann’s frustrated question followed by noisy sniffling as he opened the bedroom door. 
He had just returned from delivering and installing one of his metal creations to an art connoisseur when he heard strange voices from upstairs. He had expected to find Lilly Ann in conversation with a visitor and was surprised to see her sitting on the bed by herself, traces of tears on her cheeks, clenching a pillow to her chest. 
“What do I know about being a mommy?” she turned and looked at him with tear filled eyes.
Without even trying to find an answer to this impossible question he sat on the bed and tried to pull Lilly Ann into his arms. He did not anticipate the resistance he was suddenly facing.
“This is not going to do this time,” Lilly Ann pouted, “I need an answer and I need it now.” 
“Who have you been talking to before I came in?” Taylor tried to change the subject.
“Leila,” Lilly Ann said without hesitation.
“I haven’t heard that name in a while,” Taylor got curious, “Last time I asked you who Leila was I didn’t get a straight answer from you.”
Lilly Ann looked at him asking herself how he cold not know.
“Abraham’s little sister,” she said simply, “Leila is my spirit guide, my inner being. You’ve talked with her before.” 
“I guess I have,” Taylor smiled, “I just didn’t know that she was the infamous Leila.”
“Well, she’s not much help today either,” Lilly Ann huffed, “For once I need an answer really bad and she is nowhere to be found. All I hear is the echo of her voice repeating ‘All is well, you are loved.’ But that’s not going to do it today.” 
Taylor was alarmed and amused at the same time of his mate’s out of character antics. Usually Lilly Ann was the one throwing commonplace phrases at him until she had worn him down to consider engaging his thinking muscles and contemplate alternatives to his pre-manufactured ideas. For a split second he was tempted to return the favor. 
“So what was the problem again?” he decided an alternative approach, “I think you know everything there is to know about being a mommy.”
The phrase quenching a fire with gasoline crossed his mind the second his words were out.
“What would you know,” Lilly Ann jumped at him without warning, a living example that rage feels better than fear, “This is all your fault anyway. I never even thought about having a baby before you showed up.”
“But you are so great with kids,” Taylor tried to get a word in.
“Yeah, sure, I love playing with kids. If they would let me I’d rather eat at the kid’s table every time. When any of the other kids get hungry I am the one to complain the loudest until someone feeds us, but I was never the one who got up to prepare the food. I want our Lilly to have a real mommy and not just a playmate who doesn’t know how to take care of her baby.” Lilly Ann pulled a large handkerchief from under her dress and blew up a hurricane. 
“Bringing in the ships, are we?” Taylor tried to cheer her up.
“Very funny,” Lilly Ann laughed reluctantly, “This is not helping either.” Betraying her own words she blew her nose again and giggled, almost her own self again. 
“Do you think Leila would talk to me?” Taylor asked cautiously.
“What do you want to ask her?” Lilly Ann was skeptical. 
“I’d be curious if she could find out what Lilly thinks about your concern,” Taylor mused, “She was the one who picked you from all the mommies that she had to choose from. I know for a fact that we will have a very smart kid, so she must have had her good reasons, right?”
Lilly Ann looked at Taylor in utter amazement for his logic. Above the mountain of her fear, through the haze of her tears rose a bright beacon of light, casting away shadows and doubt. Its warmth and comfort swept across the barren land of despair and showed her the path out of this false jungle of thoughts. 
“Lilly,” she tugged on Taylor’s arm, “You are right, our Lilly, she knows, she knows everything.” She jumped to her feet and started bouncing up and down on the bed. “It’s going to be all right, everything is going to be all right.” She fell back onto the mattress. “Come here John Taylor my smart hunk,” she pulled him to lay next to her, “Lilly said, ‘It’s going to be all right,’” she whispered into Taylor’s ear and nibbled his lobe, “Have I told you lately that I love you? - I do.” 
Exhausted from being lost and rescued from the torment of her dark thoughts she fell asleep with a bright smile on her face.
The question had crossed Taylor’s mind how to provide for a family in the uncharted economics of abundance, which prevailed in Flugerton. The absolute lack of either currency or any form of accounting of treasure left his keen sense of give and take unsatisfied and the desire to prove his ability to carry his own weight sometimes provoked awkward situations for himself and his victims. Taylor had learned his lesson from his handyman episodes which had almost severed his and Lilly Ann’s ties to Flugerton’s society but he still had difficulties to count his selfishly motivated metal art or his work for Wilbur’s Condor adequate payment for the constant flow of goods and services he enjoyed on a daily basis. 
Whenever Taylor brought up this issue with Lilly Ann or anyone else for that matter, they claimed to not know what he was talking about and changed the subject. Now he was starting a family and he had made up his mind that he would get to the bottom of this. 
“What do you know about money?” he asked Edie May who curiously looked up from her studies at the sudden question.
“John, good to see you, I sometimes get lost in my reading and did not see you come in,” she apologized, “Why are you inquiring about money?”
“I am trying to figure out how I can provide for my family,” Taylor came right to the point, “Where I come from we make sure that we earn enough money to pay for everything we need or want, so there is no mystery about what you can afford or how you are doing financially. It’s simple. Here I don’t know how or why I get what I and my family need so I don’t know how to provide any kind of security for them.” 
“Hm, interesting dilemma,” Edie May acknowledged, “I know about money from the Abraham-Hicks recordings, they talked about it frequently. It seems to me that money was a lot of trouble for many people in those days. How was the experience of money for you, John? Did it flow easily to you?”
“Not always,” John admitted, “many times it was quite a struggle to make ends meet, but at least I always knew where I was standing. I got by good enough.”
“I guess you have noticed that we don’t have a monetary system in place and that no one keeps score about the flow of goods and services, but that wasn’t always the case,” Edie May surprised Taylor, “You see, in the beginning the settlers were used to paying for whatever they received and they had brought their money with them, so a lively exchange ensued. It did not take long though, for many to realize that by utilizing Law of Attraction for satisfying their desires, they usually had more of everything than they could use, so they started to give things away. Over time that developed into the economic system of abundance that we live in. It turned out that if one does not have to take the amount of compensation they receive for a task into account, there is someone for every kind of work that is supposed to be performed. Sometimes that seems like a miracle, even to us, but at some point you just stop to argue against what works and go with the flow. If there ever will be a situation that would make it necessary or desirable to change that system, I have absolute faith that Law of Attraction will bring about that change in a natural unfolding. There really is nothing to worry about.” 
“I have seen the system work perfectly on a day to day basis,” Taylor agreed, “But what about long-term security? I don’t want my child to have to worry even if things might change around here.” 
“I have seen you, John,” Edie May looked at him intently, “I have seen how you deliberately and successfully made our world your own. Your worth and benefit to this society is out of the question, and so is your children’s. There is nothing to prove. Security is in what we know, not in what we have.”
“But what am I going to do?” Taylor was not convinced yet.
“The greatest gift anyone can give to the world,” Edie May said with much emphasis, “Is to fill his days with whatever brings him the most joy. What brings you the most joy, John Taylor?” 
Taylor nodded his head. “Thank you, Edie May. Always a great help.” He knew that this was the only answer he would ever get form the good people of Flugerton. He would have to figure out for himself what this meant to him. 
 “I hear you want to fly to Texas?” Edie May said casually as he was getting up to leave. 
“Hard to keep a secret around here,” Taylor smiled wryly, “But I guess things have changed since Lilly Ann told me about our Lilly.”
“You don’t sound very convinced,” Edie May observed, “This can’t be an easy decision either way, right?”
“No, it is not, granted,” Taylor answered, “I am going back and forth on the issue. Fact is though, I do not want to miss my child’s birth or seeing her grow up. Strange timing in all of this, I don’t really know what to make of it.”
“Maybe the burden of choice should not be yours alone?” Edie May suggested.
“Lilly Ann said the same thing, ask Lilly, but can I really put that on her?” Taylor didn’t know what to think.
“Oh, I think you misunderstand the process,” Edie May saw through his dilemma, “Lilly is not the one to make the decision, that is always yours, what she can do, is to give you clarity about what you really want, where your heart really stands. A choice with that knowing is a lot easier to make.”
Relief washed over Taylor’s face. He was unsure if he would ever be able to naturally take the simplest solution and run with it until more information, knowledge or clarity was available to him. He has seen it work though, so he was determined to give it a try.
It was easy to loose track of time in the daily pursuit of joy. The changes Taylor saw in Lilly Ann were gradual, yet dramatic. Her whole being seemed to conform to the transition that her outer form underwent. Her eyes, always lively and quick, bright and sparkling, gained depth and clarity and reflected the world around her in soft glowing hues of amber. Her movements did not slow down as much as they began to flow with an ethereal grace. Her voice added a new timbre with weight and purpose to its repertoire and her laugh had found knowing and truth. It wasn’t so much that she changed, really, she just became more of herself in every way. 
Even if he hadn’t consulted the makeshift calendar which he had carved for his tool shed, Taylor would have known without any doubt that the time drew closer when the miracle of life would, for a brief moment, let the world hold its breath in reverence for what can be witnessed, but cannot be explained. The women in Lilly Ann’s life had begun to gather and made the Taylor house the center of their attention. The birth of a child was a welcome excuse to remember and amplify the female spirit in both women and men. A serene celebration of the circle of life as it began once again its unending dance. 
“It is time, John,” Lilly Marlene, Willie’s latest love affair, quickly poked her head into the tool shed where Taylor straightened out his tools for the umpteen’s time, unable to get his thoughts focused on any productive work. 
“Thank you, I’ll be right in,” Taylor acknowledged and stopped by the bath shed to clean up on his way into the house. 
He found Lilly Ann wearing a loose fitting, almost translucent summer dress sitting on the sofa in the guest room, casually joking with Edie May and Lilly Grace about the challenges of wearing high-heeled sandals while trying to balance the additional cargo in her belly. Her face was glowing with the smile of an angel as she motioned Taylor to sit next to her. 
“You are more beautiful than ever,” he whispered into her ear. 
“Yes? What are you going to tell me tomorrow?” she teased him.
“That you are more beautiful than ever,” Taylor smiled at her. 
She purred her satisfaction with that answer and snuggled up against him. 
“I think Lilly wants to say hello to us,” Lilly Ann announced a few moments later. 
She moved herself into a comfortable position, finding support in the closeness of her mate, as the intervals between her contractions grew shorter. The other women readied themselves with soft warm towels and blankets to receive the newborn into their arms. Within a few minutes Lilly Ann’s breathing became deep and deliberate to help the baby on its first step into the light. Taylor’s arms steadied her shoulders, his gaze fixed on her face. As her expression changed from playful curiosity into that of intent listening to the signals of her body, to being swept away by the tide of emotions from joy to bliss to pure ecstasy he knew without seeing that her womb had opened to deliver its precious cargo into the focused stream of wellbeing which we call life. 
“Welcome to planet Earth, Lilly,” Lilly Ann spoke the first words her daughter would hear. Her voice choked by tears of joy she cradled the baby girl in her arms and helped her find the nourishment she was craving after her exhausting travel. Holding mother and child in his arms, Taylor found himself devoid of words that would come even close to expressing the flood of love and gratefulness that poured through him. So, with no one talking, the only sounds to be heard were soft gurgles and cooing and little burps of a happy hungry little girl enjoying the first meal of her life. 
A few weeks later John Taylor formed the question in his mind that had been with him ever since Lilly Ann had told him the news of Lilly growing in her womb. They had come to an understanding that Lilly, their Lilly, should have a say in the big question if Taylor should go back to the civilization he had come from to tell them about the ways of Abraham and Abrahamster, about Law of Attraction, about eternal life, vibration, the Art of Allowing and the amazing power of feeling good. 
He would not have missed the birth of his daughter for anything in the world. Holding her in his arms and feeling the blessed pure connection with her inner being turned out to be the crowning experience of his time in the mountains of Oz, but the time of decision had come. There was no use in delaying the inevitable.
“Is it my place to go and try to teach my old friends of the wonders I’ve seen and learned here or is my place with you and Lilly Ann here in Flugerton? I would so love to see every moment of you growing up to express your spirit in this wonderful time and space, but I also still feel a responsibility and connection to the life I left behind. Please give me clarity to find the path of greatest joy and purpose.”
Taylor held this question in the center of his mind for what seemed to be an eternity, sixty-eight seconds of eternal now. There was no fear, no doubt and no worry in his mind, just the un-rational knowing that whatever would happen would be the perfect unfolding for who he had become in the last three years. 
Lilly was snuggling her nose into the warmth of Taylor’s arms cradling her and expressed her enjoyment of the moment with soft sounds of wellbeing. The energy she radiated seemed to amplify the warm glow of the muted lights in the room. As she opened her bright green eyes a smile spread over John Taylor’s face. He just could not help it. Starting with a soft wrinkle of the corners of his eyes it claimed his whole face until his lips would not contain his teeth anymore and he burst out into laughter of relief from the answer that had crept into his mind. 
Lilly’s tiny hand had wrapped itself around his index finger with a might as if she would never let go of it again, as the distinct voice of a five year old girl blurted out loud within his mind, “You are not going anywhere, you big goon! Not before you teach me how to swim, to ride, to dance, to fly and to love. Definitely not before you know my name.” 
After a short pause a much older voice added softly, “When the others are ready to know they will find their way to you.”
To be continued…

###
