WALL
The George Collins
Experience
Thomas G. Baker
WALL
The George Collins Experience
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, organizations, places, events, and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or localities is entirely coincidental.
WALL The George Collins Experience
Copyright © 2012 by Thomas G. Baker
ISBN-13: 9781466189669
Smashwords Edition
License Notes
All rights reserved. No part of this eBook may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission from the author.
The Wall series available in print and eBook
The George Collins Experience
The John Anders Experience
The Paul Herrington Experience
The Brandon Slazenger Experience
The Daniel Epstein Experience
The Marlene Campanili Experience
Other books by the author available in both print and eBook
Child in Paradise
Tranquillious Voyage of Endeavor

Table of Contents
Chapter one The Collapse
Chapter Two Exile and Cannibals
Chapter Three Silver Glen Springs
Chapter Four The Hammer
Chapter Five The Colonists
Chapter Six Mayport and the Pirates
Chapter Seven Outward Bound
Chapter Eight Voyage into the Unknown
Chapter Nine Visions of Empire
Chapter Ten Three Hour Tour
Chapter Eleven Homeward Bound
About the Author
Appendix A State of Affairs
Appendix B Mankind Extension of Nature
Dedication
This book is dedicated to those few among us who diligently strive in the quest to unlock and understand the human experience, to unearth man's past and chart his course into future. Too many times they are the voices in the wilderness, the canaries in the coal mine their cries drown out by the herd of humanity as it thunders along headed toward the wall, the ultimate wall.
****
Preface
The Wall series novels are primarily written with the hope they will entertain yet they are also written to be a warning for I fear we are being seduced into complacency by our technology and those who value power and the almighty dollar far more than they value human freedom and dignity.
As a child I grew up in a country where the telephone had a crank and hung on the wall, the only means of communication with the outside world was by mail or telegram, and there was no television only the local radio station that operated for just a few hours each day. Life was much more primitive back then, yet we managed not only to function, but felt prosperous, happy, and safe.
Since then I’ve watched the world go through monumental changes many good, some not so good. We have made extraordinary strides in technology and have managed to triple the human population yet the goal of creating a better world for all is further from our grasp then it was over a half century ago.
I love and respect nature, and absolutely feel it should be protected, yet feel the current brand of environmentalism is for the most part a ploy, designed to keep us sipping the cool-aid until we are left with no other choices but to eat beetle flour, drink recycled urine, and live in an impoverished world where Big Brother and giant corporations control every aspect of our diminished existence. What we should be asking ourselves is one simple question; just why in the hell is it so necessary to continue increasing population in order to prop up the bottom line when we have no hope of adequately caring of those already here?
Like it or not we are firmly on course for a collision with destiny and if we have learned anything from our past mistakes it is that nothing ever gets fixed before it breaks and this will certainly hold true with the human bubble as well. Can something like Wall really happen? You bet it can, as almost always common sense takes a back seat when it conflicts with human economic enterprise. We need to remain cognizant of the fact that the same folks who precipitated the financial disaster are also influencing the decisions that affect every aspect of our lives and future.
Exactly how or when it will happen is pure conjecture all I can do is present the reader with one possible scenario, unfortunately there are many others far worse. Let me finish by saying that I have been wrong about many things over my lifetime and I certainly hope I am wrong about this as well.
****
Introduction
We live in the age of information and a global economy. We have within the last two centuries advanced the development of mankind farther and faster than it has traveled in all of previous human existence. We have used our technology to populate the planet with more humans alive today than have existed throughout the entire history of the species.
We must stop and ask ourselves if we using this technology wisely or simply squandering it for profit and short-term gain? So far, we seem to be bent on overcoming and circumventing the walls which have kept all of nature’s creatures in balance and harmony.
The walls we are currently breaching may appear beneficial to some short-term, yet the long-term consequences could far outstrip those perceived gains and leave succeeding generations struggling for their very survival. It is maybe time for us as Gods chosen species to shed our innate drives and replace them with the precious gift bestowed on us by Nature: reason and cognizance.
After a lifetime of studying failed civilizations archeologist George Collins is one of the few with the foresight to see the impending collapse. He is under no illusions as to what may occur and so begins to turn his plans of retirement into ones of survival.
****
Chapter One The Collapse
The sun's lower limb disappeared behind the old cypress, its diminished rays casting a white sheen across the quiet water. I sat in the cockpit of Surreal, cradling a mug of coffee and watching a blue heron on the far bank stalking its evening meal. Settling back against the cushions, I reflected on my situation, and as I had done on so many such evenings wished once again I had been better prepared. Hell, I wish everyone had been better prepared, I wish we had been smart enough to have avoided the whole damn thing in the first place, but it was a moot point, as there was no left to blame.
As I sat in the fading twilight, I couldn't help wondering how many had survived. I had done my best to postulate all the possible scenarios, yet even my fertile imagination hadn't prepared me for the reality of the nightmare in which I found myself. Yeah, looking back hindsight’s twenty-twenty, I sure wish I had been better prepared, but, in all honesty, can you ever be totally prepared for the end of the world?
I had spent my working career as an archeologist, digging up lost civilizations and searching for the causes of their demise. It had left me with a somewhat pessimistic view of humanity as repeatedly civilizations reached their zenith then subsequently collapsed; many through conquest, yet even the majority of these had in certain respects been weakened by some act of nature. It was a trend that appeared to reoccur throughout human existence; civilizations rose then perished, many like the Mayans, Egyptians, and even the Romans falling victim to their own relative success.
The forces responsible for bringing down these former civilizations were still present today, and it was only through the liberal use of our technology we were able to keep them at bay. As the years passed, I began to notice cracks developing in this defense that only served to reinforce my negative views. I became concerned, for with our growing interdependence on the global economy any catastrophic event would with some certainty affect all of civilization.
Humans are reactionary creatures by nature, myself included, and although the signs of a distressed planet were everywhere around me I chose to dismiss them, and like the rest was content to leave any problems to the next generation. Besides, I was getting along in years, and figured by the time conditions really went to hell I'd be pushing up daisies. I projected, if the wheels did indeed come off the wagon, it wouldn't happen before 2030, which gave me a comfortable margin.
Then came several events that, overnight, changed the equation, the rapidity at which these unfolded was truly alarming, and I was under no illusion as to what the worst-case scenario might be. I won't say panic overtook me just that with all creatures the innate sense of self-preservation kicked in.
There seemed to be two choices open to me, that of going with the flow, or bucking the tide. I had ample experience with both and decided, after weighing my options, to go with the latter. It wasn't an easy decision, but I saw it as the only viable alternative to what could ultimately result in a horrible way to die. I knew once I reached my decision there was no turning back.
Although I had never considered myself a survivalist I retained enough of my redneck upbringing that I could easily buy into the rifle, dog, and four-wheel philosophy, even though at present I possessed none of the three necessary items. However, what I did have in abundance, were my childhood memories of roaming the Kentucky woods emulating the skills of my pioneer forebearers, along with the many years of experience spent camping in out-of-the-way places for months on end living in primitive conditions at archeological digs.
Over my lifetime, I had watched and listened to enough newspeak to have acquired the knack of sifting through all the rubbish for the few gems it contained. These gems, when strung together, began to paint a bleak picture. In short, civilization was beginning to show the stress cracks wherein lay the seeds of its destruction. They were simple, primarily food, and fuel, lumped together with a little known fact I had come across in my research that stated, “Planet Earth could only support approximately ten million humans living as pure hunter-gatherers.”
I began to theorize, if there was such an enormous gap between ten million and seven plus billion, given the right set of circumstances we could find ourselves caught up for the first time in global famine. If so, just the weight of a starving human population could conceivably cause a chain reaction, not unlike the World Trade Center collapse where the weight of the floors set up a cascading effect.
World Famine would act in a similar fashion as billions of starving humans ate their way down the food chain, causing the collapse of humanity and the extinction of almost all major food species as well. It was likely to happen abruptly so once it begun there would be nothing that could slow or arrest it. It was hard to contemplate yet as an archeologist I had come across it many times on a much smaller scale.
Overpopulation had been a much-debated subject and even gained international prominence in the sixties, I guess it became too much of a political and financial liability for it was suddenly dropped, and even its mention was taboo. I found out just how much of a liability when a trusted graduate student of mine came across a couple of drafts I had written in moments of frustration and put them on the web. I was ridiculed, berated, and told I should stick to digging up pots and bones. Students began referring to me as “Dr. Doom” and finally under growing pressure I relinquished my tenure and went into retirement at fifty-eight.
Retirement had put me in a quandary, sorta too old to work and too young to die. Sitting on the porch rocking away my life didn't present an appealing option, and so I began to search for something a bit more challenging.
I had always owned powerboats and enjoyed being on the water, so I thought, maybe it would be interesting to sail through the Caribbean, visiting each island, then for an encore the places where I had worked in Central America. With a plan in place, I sold my house and 32-foot express cruiser then purchased an old 30-foot Hunter sloop.
I envisioned the perfect picture of retirement persuading a life of debauchery as I cruised through the Caribbean, lying around drunk and chasing bare bosomed maidens. Maybe I’d even publish a few papers from all the research I had accumulated over the years. I even toyed with doing a little chartering or delivery so went ahead and obtained a hundred-ton captains license.
I happened to be in the tiny town of Astor, Florida on the St. Johns River outfitting Surreal for my coming adventure when world events suddenly took a turn for the worse. Overnight, my plans changed, and like a ship in distress I franticly began searching for a safe harbor in which to ride out the coming storm.
I had a gut feeling what was coming would be far worse than anything predicted as the fabric holding civilization together had been severely weakened over the past generations. 
To best explain these concerns, I used the analogy of railroads: For most of human existence each country, region, or tribe could be considered as a self-sufficient railroad. Over the course of history, there had been many derailments and breakdowns yet they hadn’t necessarily affected the other railroads that also being self-sufficient just kept chugging blissfully along.
Globalization had radically changed this paradigm and in order to maximize profit and supply a burgeoning human population these individual rail systems had been dismantled and replaced by one gargantuan global system. The majority of the world’s population had been coaxed, cajoled or coerced into climbing on board and entrusting those in charge with their wellbeing and safety.
Those in charge, let’s call them the board of directors, consisted of multinational corporations and financial institutions whose primary goal was the making of money. These giants had grown so powerful they could exert more influence over a government than could its citizens. Corporations and financial institutions have never been known for their altruism and morality yet they currently held sway over the vast majority of the world’s population.
Any type of derailment could prove disastrous to the passengers, yet in order to facilitate profits much of the redundancy along with safeguards had stripped from the system. I had come to feel it wasn’t a matter of if there would be a train wreck, but only a matter of when.
I had no illusions, it was coming and I needed to prepare for the worst-case scenario, yet there was no certainty of just how fast or when circumstances would overtake me. I began to feel like the unfortunate folks who believed in the rapture as I sold off those worldly possessions I felt would no longer be of need. I traded one car for a twenty-one foot center console Wellcraft with a Honda four-stroke and begun my search of the St. Johns River intent on finding a safe refuge.
I believed in this crisis; there would be no safety in numbers because as resources dwindled and infrastructure crumbled there was a real danger of widespread starvation. If I intended to survive, it would necessitate separating myself from the general population. I would have preferred sailing off to some deserted South Seas island but knew such places no longer existed, the best I could hope for was to find someplace along the St Johns to call home.
I explored the river south of Astor in hopes of finding some place well off the beaten track. It had taken about a week before I came to settle on Alexander Creek as I could worm the Hunter with her four-foot draft in about a quarter of a mile from the river.
I then set my sights on exploring farther up the creek in the canoe as it was going to be essential to find a source of clean drinking water. I made several excursions before coming upon a small spring that fit the bill. The spring was close enough so that by taking a drum in the canoe and using a small battery operated pump I could keep the sail boats seventy gallon water tank topped off.
With the basic scouting out-of-the-way it was time to begin shopping, this needed to be done with some urgency and I spared no expense for I believed money would become worthless in the not to distant future, also it was necessary to procure supplies while the stores were still relatively full and prices were just beginning to rise.
Food was an essential item on my list as outside of fish and game anything I didn't take along I would have to do without.
I spent much time in an attempt to work out what would be needed to sustain me for a period of a year or better. It was no easy task to project menus and needs months in advance but eventually I worked out a list I hoped would suffice.
I began buying cases of all manner of canned goods as they were likely to keep. Such things as corn, green beans, spinach, beets, spaghetti sauce, soup… when I had satisfied the list down to rolled anchovies with capers, I started on the other goods. Such as flour which was already becoming scarce, spaghetti, macaroni, salt, sugar, powdered milk and lots and lots of coffee. Collecting enough cigarettes for a lifetime wasn't an option, I was going to have to quit cold turkey, but I damn sure wasn't going to do without coffee, I procured what I considered better than a two-year supply.
To store everything I rounded up a dozen blue plastic 55-gallon open head drums, these I filled with a selection of canned goods and staples then sealed the lids. The contents of each drum I conservatively estimated contained enough provisions to last well over a month, I carefully planned so the loss of any individual drum wouldn't necessarily affect things overall. I was hoping to supplement the food in the drums with whatever fish and game I would be able to come by.
I filled one drum with diesel fuel even though it was already more than ten dollars a gallon. There would be great difficulty in manhandling a full drum by myself, this was circumvented by taking the empty to the creek and over time filling it from five-gallon jugs, and then it was also hidden.
So far I had been lucky as only a couple of fishermen ventured into the creek, none had caught me red-handed in the act of hiding my booty and I had always been in a position to grab a pole and pretend I was catching supper. These days everyone fished, so it had raised no one's suspicions.
With my precious food stores carefully hidden, it was time to gather hardware and dry goods. First on the list came fishing tackle as it would be necessary to catch as much fish as possible, hooks of all sizes, and line all the way up to two hundred pound test suitable for alligators, plus materials to make trot lines along with gill nets and wire to fashion fish and crab traps. 
I purchased online a couple dozen leg-hold traps PETA be damned, I had run trap lines as a kid and sold the fur, later I came to see them as cruel but these would be used strictly for food gathering and if things got as bad as suspected I would gladly eat about anything that stepped in one.
Though I had never used one I purchased a compound bow along with a goodly number of arrows, I figured arrows would be quiet and I'd have plenty of time to practice with hunger providing an added incentive, I also bought a buck saw for cutting wood along with a couple of good machetes. Starting fires was another matter as matches, would become damp and useless so I bought a couple of cartons of Bic lighters and for backup three kits with the nifty magnesium blocks. Then there were things such as spare bulbs, candles, flashlights, and batteries. I bought all rechargeable as I could charge them from the boats electrical system or solar panels. I also purchased four cases of stove alcohol along with charcoal for the grill, although I planned to cook mostly with wood.
I already had one canoe I used for exploring but decided to acquire a spare, this I took and carefully hid in the swamp, it would be insurance providing me with a means of escape in the event I was overrun or suffered some other major emergency.
Solar panels were going to be essential; I needed at least enough to manufacture electricity for charging the boats batteries. These I had trouble obtaining but in the end managed to find enough with sufficient capacity to charge both large, AGM (absorbed glass mat), house batteries, and if my calculations were correct, they would allow for the running of everything electric in the boat while the sun shined.
Armament was high on the list, in truth, I would have liked to have mounted a fifty cal. machine gun on the Hunter but settled for a 22 pistol and a semiautomatic rifle with plenty of ammo, from long rifles to shorts, the shorts would be effective at close range, and the sound wouldn't carry. I looked for a varmint gun such as a 222 Swift or 22-250 Remington but gave up and settled for a 12 gauge automatic shotgun and a dozen boxes of double-00 buck along with a couple of boxes of deer slugs.
As I toiled away, the news continued growing grimmer; it was as if a curtain was slowly being raised to reveal mankind at his rankest. I grew more resolute and packed the remaining drums with those things I had earlier neglected to think of. Now it was down to living day-to-day racking my brain for anything essential I had overlooked.
I sold the center console for peanuts as it had served its purpose, and soon there would no longer be gasoline to run it; there were already acute shortages and rationing was just weeks away.
Like everyone, I grumbled and griped about the deteriorating situation. Most blamed the government for its inaction and though Washington and Tallahassee tried nothing they could do had a favorable impact on the problems facing us.
Unemployment passed thirty percent, those who still had jobs found themselves without transportation as gas was rationed and if found averaged well over fifteen dollars a gallon. Things continued on a steady decline, the news services were hard pressed to keep up, and there were constant interruptions to programming for special reports, the major networks curtailed much of their regular programming and went to all news broadcasts in the evening.
What had been fluff and human interest gave way to hard news, the anchors now wore tight-lipped expressions as they too grew alarmed. The government was as usual behind the curve; both parties deadlocked, reduced to playing the blame game with endless rounds of argument, each pointing fingers at the other. Panels and commissions sprang up everywhere searching for solutions and assigning blame. This only added to the frustration as Americans slowly came to the realization their government was no longer in a position to arrest the decline.
Hunger is a primal force that drives all species; man is no exception, and famine had always created a need for food aid somewhere in the world. I had never known a period in my life when somewhere there wasn't a disaster along with pictures of starving children covered in flies filling the TV screen. Once or twice in my travels I had come face to face with these unfortunate victims of famine, yet had gone back to my comfortable camp or hotel leaving them to their plight.
This time there was a significant difference, what had started as the usual droughts and in other cases floods, had grown to encompass many of the major food-producing regions of the world. The effects were being felt by those nations who historically had the ability not only to feed their own populations, but to export excesses.
Overnight, grain futures skyrocketed forcing closure of the markets, the United States suffering the worst drought in history tried for a bit but couldn't fill the gap. And to exacerbate an already bad situation there emerged a new strain of airborne wheat rust that when combined with the drought reduced some yields by eighty percent. The US suddenly found itself down to less than a three-month supply of grain. Alarmed to find she would be hard pressed to meet domestic demands, the US quickly moved to cut off all exports, even for humanitarian purposes.
Prices and shortages became critical; governments in the worst affected countries could no longer cope and began to fail. Chaos replaced what little civility had existed within these fragile societies and food riots broke out as starving populations desperately sought anything to fill empty bellies.
Africa was the first and hardest hit, Somalia, Southern Sudan, and Kenya found they were cut off from international aid. West Africa already weakened by a new Ebola outbreak and religious strife began to collapse. People in their search for food began to migrate pouring over the borders of their neighbors causing famine and the pernicious spread of Ebola across Sub-Saharan Africa, slowly at first then like wildfire.
Governments, overwhelmed by the famished and diseased masses, disintegrated before the onslaught leaving Africans split along religious and tribal allegiances. Soon, one faction began battling another for survival engulfing the whole of the continent in a frenzy of ethnic cleansing driven on by fear and starvation.
This in turn put enormous pressure on the North African states along the Mediterranean leading to the largest exodus in history as all manner of Africans attempted to flee into Europe. So overwhelming was this tide of starving and diseased humanity that the European Union was forced to take the unprecedented step of issuing orders to sink refugee boats at sea in an attempt to stem the pandemic from spreading. The hungry still came and thousands died at sea, yet enough got through so that Ebola began spreading across Europe creating chaos. The incidents inflamed the Muslim world, and passions flared on all sides of the Mediterranean. It was the beginning of a domino effect as ill will, food shortages, and disease began stalking the planet. People everywhere began bowing under rising food prices, shortages and fear of infection.
Nations met to deal with the growing crisis; they grappled with the intractable problems facing humanity yet as they did, over the horizon like a dark cloud brewed events that would lead to the ultimate wall, the blow which would forever change the course of humankind.
Iran suffering under sanctions and also facing famine saw advantage in manipulating the ill will and the weakened condition of Europe. She found in it an opportunity to allay the unrest of her own people, destabilize the Sunni caliphate, and at the same time broaden her sphere of influence. The Supreme Leader issued a fatwa announcing the time had arrived for worldwide Jihad that all Muslims should rise up and rid the world of all unbelievers for they were deemed to be responsible for the crisis.
An attack was promptly launched by Arab nations on Israel. Hungry bellies and religious fervor prevailed as war erupted in the Middle East. In an instant, Israel found herself battling for her very existence as her Muslim neighbors flung themselves upon her in mass. This vicious attack from all sides without hope of outside intervention placed her back to the sea with the certainty of annihilation.
She did what would have been unthinkable in normal times and launched unrestricted attacks against Syria, Lebanon, Egypt, then even Saudi Arabia, and especially her arch nemesis Iran. Conventional warfare quickly gave way to weapons of mass destruction and the ayatollahs were granted their wish to acquire nuclear weapons; they received an ample supply delivered to them personally by the Israeli air force and submarine. Overnight Tehran along with most of the major oil ports on the Gulf were literally wiped from the map. The Arabian Peninsula and Persian Gulf became a radioactive inferno bringing an immediate halt to all petroleum production and shipments from the region.
Once the nuclear genie had been unleashed it combined with religious fervor and all constraint evaporated. Pakistan quickly joined in the fray declaring war on India who responded, in kind, throwing all her might against her troublesome Muslim neighbor. This quickly escalated into nuclear a conflagration killing hundreds of millions and throwing the whole of the Muslim world into war from the Philippines and Indonesia to Morocco.
Religious wars have a tendency to open long healed wounds leaving moderates little choice, but to choose sides; it became a live or die struggle of Muslim against all non-Muslims. The developed nations worldwide found themselves caught up in the turmoil as their citizens turned on the Muslims communities among them.
Europe, the United States, Great Britain, Russia, and China were all rendered impotent and could do little but go on the defensive. The Balkan states were once again torn asunder by ethnic conflict. Fighting erupted along the southern borders of Russia and though she tried to remain neutral was soon embroiled in the struggle.
With all going on, tiny North Korea was shoved into the background, forgotten, and cut off from all aid including that of China. The North feeling isolated, with a starving population, was left with no alternative but to join in the chaos consuming the globe. Thus, she unleashed her famished armies in a massive attack on the South overrunning Soul and much of the country.
America and the UN could only manage a token response; the North countered with nuclear strikes on Japan. Within the space of a month, the globe saw its fragile infrastructure torn to shreds.
Hamstrung by the worsening food shortages and now the lack of oil the superpowers met searching in a vain attempt to salvage what they could of the human race. They too found themselves helpless to arrest the downward spiral and could only agree not to widen the conflict and to use their nuclear arsenals only for defense.
Financial markets and global commerce was thrown into disarray by war; shortages of food and oil coupled with the outbreaks of Ebola and a mysterious computer virus; soon there were critical shortages of essential parts, then of almost everything. Energy rationing went into effect, Americans and Europeans found themselves out of work as the crisis deepened, and the imports of oil dwindled to a trickle. Due to the oil shortages and fear of a pandemic, transportation of all but essential goods was curtailed, and bread lines became the norm, unfortunately, the wheat rust outbreak had left little grain for the making of bread.
Here in Florida, outbreaks of Ebola in Miami and Orlando caused panic, and soon stores shelves became empty and gas stations closed. Those who could headed for the newly established camps along the panhandle, and almost overnight Astor like so much of the state became depopulated. There seemed to be no good alternative as either you stayed and starved or joined the masses congregating along the panhandle and risked being infected. 
It was by no means an orderly evacuation, as conditions worsened; the able-bodied fled, leaving behind the old, weak, and those suspected of harboring the virus to wither and die. As civilization collapsed, hundreds of thousands began dying and the rule of law disintegrated. Those few who came through Astor painted a picture of conditions so terrible they were, unspeakable.
I had been among the lucky few who’d received the Ebola vaccine before supplies were exhausted, yet with all the violence taking place I decided the time had come to make my move, It was a little after three in the morning when I undid the lines and left my slip.
Lights along the river were still burning brightly, and there was the occasional car or truck to be heard crossing the drawbridge on SR40. I had chosen this hour so as to depart unobserved and hoped I could be up the river and into the mouth of Alexander Creek before sunrise.
The September night was unusually chilly and even though I was dressed warmly I shivered as the little diesel chugged along in the dark. I saw no one stirring along the bank as I took my last looks at civilization; I was out-of-town and past the islands, It was so dark I could hardly make out the banks along the river so had to use the GPS to keep me in the channel.
In about an hour I had covered the short distance to Lake Dexter, still trusting the GPS, I turned into the St. Johns and wound my way to the mouth of Alexander Creek. I waited, and as daylight broke, I steered the boat into the creek to the spot I had previously picked out, tied off, and went inside to rest and warm up in my sleeping bag.
Alexander Creek wasn't my ideal choice, but it was the only place I could get far enough off the river with the Hunters four foot draft and still be reasonably out of sight. The creek ran through the forest to Alexander Springs State Park. People canoeing frequented it, but I was laying my hopes that recreational canoeing was a thing of the past, although, it was logical to assume, there might still be fishermen wondering in or maybe a hunting party canoeing down from upstream.
I got right to work taking down the mast and placing it on the supports I had rigged on the bow and stern that were high enough so with the mast on them I could still walk underneath. I felt taking down the mast was necessary as I doubted the bridges would remain in working condition. I won’t elaborate, just to say I had vastly underestimated job and would never attempt anything of the sort by myself again. It left me cut, bruised, and completely worn out, so I was more than glad to call it a day.
Next morning I moved the boat to its permanent location and began rigging the shade cloth I had procured from one of the local fern nursery’s, into an awning, draping it fore and aft with enough room beneath to walk the entire length of the deck. I had thought I could attach branches and leaves for camouflage but saw now it couldn't be done with any success, at least it would hide some of the white hull and deck and maybe keep out some of the nastier critters.
When I had finished, I took the canoe and paddled a distance away to view my handiwork and see if there were any improvements that would make the whole thing less conspicuous. After surveying it from different angles I concluded outside of covering a little of the bow it was as good as it was going to get, there wasn’t any way to make the boat disappear and anyone passing by was going to recognize it for what it was.
I spent the third morning hunting up the buried drums of provisions, checking to see if they had remained watertight and was relieved to find them all in good condition. Later in the day I heard a couple of boats on the river but they went on by.
I hadn't made up my mind in the event of discovery, whether it was going to be fight of flight. I had planned for what I considered the worst case scenario, that of the boat being taken over or ransacked and even the loss of one canoe. In the event of any such scenarios I planned to slip into the marsh and hide out, this would leave me with only the hidden canoe and the stash of provisions. I saw this as the most likely event to befall me yet I couldn't come to grips with just running away and losing the boat without a fight.
I remained somewhat in touch with the outside world through radio and listened as conditions grew grimmer by the day. There were nonstop reports of chaos and violence; even military convoys were being ambushed for what little food they carried. The United States Government could do little with three hundred million mouths to feed much less suppress a raging pandemic, it became overwhelmed and went into survival mode, feeding and protecting only those it deemed necessary to preserve law and order. As more and more people began to starve it was only natural for them to turn on those they perceived to have an ample supply of nourishment, and the government found itself under attack.
By the time I left Astor, Americans were killing Americans, city dwellers were the hardest hit as millions of refrigerators and cupboards became empty, and people were forced to fight for dwindling rations.
During last summer, there had been a supply of meat as cattle and hogs were slaughtered wholesale in an attempt to save grain but soon the livestock population was exhausted, and even horses were butchered for meat.
Priority had immediately been given to agriculture, but with the continuing drought coupled to the increasing shortages of fuel, fertilizer, transportation, and even seed. Last spring's planting had been haphazard, and those who managed to plant found no fuel available to harvest. The great industrial agriculture system ground to a halt its machinery idle, and fields fallow.
Cries rang out over the airways begging people to raise victory gardens but for those in the cities it wasn't much of an option as by this time winter was approaching and there was no time left for soon gardens and people would begin freezing.
During the Great Depression, most Americans led agrarian lives, and even city dwellers knew the basics of raising a crop and how to can and preserve food. Most city dwellers had been fortunate as they had relatives or friends living in the country who were willing to provide them with meat and foodstuffs grown on the family farm. Now only a tiny fraction of the population was engaged in farming and for the vast majority, this avenue of subsistence no longer existed.
Thus began the downward spiral, as increasingly hungry mouths turned to anything they could find eatable, soon pets and even rodents were on the menu as people began to kill any and all manner of creature that could be consumed. Nothing was spared as even zoos were raided, and their collections butchered and eaten.
Ruthless gangs, now ruled the disease ridden streets in most major cities and it became survival of the fittest, yet within a short time even the fittest found themselves starving and all too soon it degenerated into cannibalism as one group of humans actively hunted another in the game of survival.
The availability of fossil fuels no longer existed, what refineries remained in operation served only the Gulf Coast camps and across the country, as the last gallons were scavenged, and consumed transportation came to a stop. Horses which could have been ridden or worked had by now almost disappeared as they had been killed for food. The only transportation was by foot, bicycle or canoe. Savage gangs roamed the land bent on surviving for one more day even if it meant eating their best friend. If this were taking place in the United States one, could but imagine what must be taking place around the world.
The Networks were replaced by Radio America with experts giving their desperate listeners tips on how to survive. No more Julia Child whipping up a delicious decadent dish, these recipes were tailored to the basics, like how best to prepare a rat, or the family pet, what insects, leaves, berries, and roots were eatable. Tips on where and how to forage, finally even these disappeared as there were few left to forage.
The era of the internal combustion engine ground to a halt, transportation was back to where it had been before the industrial revolution, worse for then there had been beasts of burden horses, mules, donkeys, and oxen they were now all, but extinct reduced to just bones laying besides those of the humans who had consumed them.
Homo sapiens, the ruler of the natural world, who had ridden so high on the waves of technology and hubris, plummeted toward extinction taking with it all the major species on which it had come to depend.
The airways, once choked with human generated signals fell silent, and the electronic gadgets, the species had so highly coveted, were rendered useless. No cell phones, internet, television, or radio, all gone. There were, of course, those things which were self powered and had been programmed to send information such as satellites, probes, and the Mars rovers, they were still attempting to expand man's horizons but their creators were no longer in a position to listen much less benefit.
Eventually, there came to fall upon the country an easy quiet, broken only by the sounds of nature and those creatures that had been spared. The grand experiment with a species expressly designed to expand knowledge and to save the planet had ended like so many other experiments in the process of evolution, an abject failure… or had it?
****
Chapter Two Exile and Cannibals
Over the weeks, I reached the conclusion, anyone, I encountered, was probably not going to be friendly and so developed the attitude if given the chance I would shoot first and ask questions later. If we were to be reduced to the level of animals in order to survive, so be it. I had to become as vile and cruel as any I was likely to encounter.
It wasn't hard to get into this frame of mind, as by now; I had become a favorite snack bar for all manner of noxious insects, and they kept me constantly itching and scratching. The thought, that I was forced to stay here day after day and endure being eaten alive, kept me pissed and ready to take out my wrath and misery on anything that happened along.
Even so, I had to admit it wasn't all bad; I had cleared a spot in the marsh a short distance from the boat and set up the solar panels. They usually provided an ample supply of electricity and at times, allowed me to run the reverse cycle air-conditioner through the inverter. I could also watch a movie, play games, write in my journal, or use the laptop.
Living with only nature for a companion was turning me into a swamp rat. I had put out a trotline along with a couple of fish traps, and had used an old trick from back in my younger days, jug fishing for turtles, which also seemed to work well on Gators, I had so far managed to catch a few of each.
I had hoped to bag a deer by now but hadn't seen a single one. I’d paddled up the creek several times in hopes of getting a shot at one along the bank but had no success. I did manage to bag a turkey that wandered out of the bush; it was a lucky shot as I was using the 22 loaded only with shorts. I had practiced enough plinking with the little gun that I managed to shoot it through the neck although I was aiming for the head; still one shot one kill. It was the first meat I’d had in weeks besides fish, turtle, and gator I took my time cooking it and started the boats refrigerator so the ample leftovers wouldn't spoil.
Many days were spent writing in my journal which was a real salvation for there were times when I felt utterly alone and wished I had someone to talk to. This feeling washed over me in waves, and I would fall into deep despair, luckily it only lasted a day or two then subsided.
Still I longed to be rid of this place, but couldn’t until I had some idea what was happening elsewhere in the world or even if there was a world. At first I could see the glow reflected in the clouds from the direction of Daytona and Sanford, but by now all the power plants had shut down and the nights were as black as any I had ever seen in the jungle and rich with stars.
The middle of November approached, I could tell from the sky something big was brewing; it had a strange yellowish look and was filling with wispy white bands. A quietness descended as if Nature herself knew something extraordinary was about to happen. Always before there had been weather people to tell me what was coming, but there were no more radar screens with the forecaster pointing to the tropical depression or giving tips on preparedness. I was on my own; every morning was a guessing game trying to figure out what the day’s weather held.
Even though it was late in the season, having ridden out three or four hurricanes in my lifetime I had an uneasy feeling the sky I was looking at portended a major storm. I had been stupid not to procure a good barometer for it would have given me some indication of weather trends.
If there was a storm brewing I had better get prepared just in case, if it didn't materialize at least it would give me something to do. My first priority was the boat; it wasn't going to be beat up by the surge sitting back in the creek. My main concern was the possibility the surrounding trees would damage it. I satisfied myself that all the trees were young and strong and had no large branches which could pierce the hull,
I needed to get the saran off and rolled up, and especially protect the solar panels for they had become absolutely crucial to my lifestyle; I unhooked and brought them inside the boat. The hidden canoe would be all right as would the remaining plastic drums even if the river rose, which I figured it, would. The other canoe was tied behind the boat filled with water and the big CQR anchor to weight it down on the bottom.
I had finished most of my preparations before the rains started. It was in the evening about an hour before sunset when the wind began to pick up in earnest. I battened down the hatches and kicked back, the wind increased and by three in the morning it was shirking through the trees I lay in my blackened cocoon listening to the small branches peppering the boat, once in a while something larger would hit causing me to jump.
Throughout the next day, the winds howled but by late afternoon, it began to subside. I peeked out of the hatch; the boat was covered in small branches and leaves but was otherwise unscathed. No doubt it had been a major storm, but there was no one left to give the particulars or even to name it.
It was the beginning of December three months into my exile it had been ages since I had heard a motor of any kind, and that had been a small aircraft way off in the distance.
In the last month, I’d become bolder and began setting trotlines in the river paddling out to check them every day. I was just about to leave the creek and run them when I heard the unmistakable sound of an airboat coming from the North. I quickly turned tail and headed back to the boat, grabbed the 22 pistol and shotgun then waited in the cockpit.
The noise grew louder; I felt my heart pounding as by the sound I judged they were just at the creek mouth, suddenly the noise of the engine died down. Whoever it was had turned into the creek? I quickly jumped into the canoe and paddled the few feet to the bank. I crept into the bushes to the spot I had picked out for just such an emergency. It had been cleverly contrived so as to conceal me from anyone who came poking around the boat yet was close enough I could monitor everything going on.
Sure enough, in about five minutes the airboat came in sight, it looked for a moment as if they were going to turn and go back out but then one of them spotted the Hunter and pointed. In a couple of minutes, they were alongside the sailboat, the smaller one standing with a rifle at the ready.
I heard him say to the big guy driving, “What you reckon we got here?”
The driver said, “Lookies like somebody got them a little hidy hole don't it to you?”
The skinny one said, “I told you we shoulda come this way a month ago, hell there's no telling who alls hold up on this stretch of river.”
The airboat lay alongside the Hunter; both men trained guns on the sailboat. Then the skinny one took out a knife and cut through the saran while the other stood guard.
The big guy said, “Reckon anybody’s home?”
The skinny one said, “We'll find out soon enough, I'm hoping there’s some good looking pussy, Ya never know, if it's pretty, we'll fuck it, if it ain't we'll eat it.”
The big guy said, “shit; I couldn't eat that last old bitch you butchered, no matter which a way she was cooked.”
Skinny handed the other his rifle, pulled out a pistol, and with it in hand boarded the boat. He carefully slid back the hatch then cautiously peered in the cabin and said, “Keep an eye out, I don't think there’s nobody home, but they’re sure as hell living here, they probably run like rabbits when they heard us comin.”
He gingerly made his way down into the cabin then emerged a few seconds later holding a can of corn and said to the big guy, “Hell there's enough food down here to feed a fuckin army.”
The other one said, “Bring it on and anything else you see we kin use. Hurry up, I gotta bad feelin about this shit, let’s burn this bitch and get the hell out of here, I wanna get back for that damn whore gets loose and takes off again.”
Skinny said, “Don’t you be worrying about that slut, she ain't going nowhere; I got her trussed up like a fucking hog. Time you got over that cunt. I could hear her bones rattlin last time you was nailing her. Bitch ain't got enough meat left to make her worth butcherin.”
The big guy said, “Shut your fuckin' mouth, jus cause we ate your bitch…. Grab, the god damn food and let’s get the fuck outta of here.”
Skinny returned to the cabin and after a bit came up the companion way with a pillowcase full of can goods and said, “There must be three or four more of these suckers down there.”
The big guy said, “See any guns or anything?”
“Just a bow and some little 22s layin around, looks like jus one guy.”
I’d seen and heard all I needed to know, it was time for action, these scumbags were going to strip and burn my boat and I wasn't about to let them, not without a fight. It was going to be necessary to time it just right and pick a moment when their guard was down. Skinny went for another load I waited hoping the sound of my heart wouldn’t give me away. He popped up with another full pillowcase and said, “I think we ought to stick around for awhile, see if we can't get us some fresh meat to go with these tators.”
The big guy said, “Com on, hurry up, I don’t like it one bit knowin that fucker’s out there somewhere.”
The bushes and saran were between us, trembling I waited for just the right moment; it came as he reached across to hand the pillowcase to the big guy. I raised the shotgun and squeezed the trigger, the blast shattered the silence, the buckshot caught skinny full in the back the force taking him over the side, in rapid secession the sound of two more rounds rang out, this time catching the driver in the face and chest as he reached for the rifle.
I raced from my hiding place, jumped in the canoe pushed off, and shot around the sailboats stern bumping into Skinny who was floating face down, the big guy still had some life in him and was fumbling for the rifle. I was only a few feet away and fired two more rounds almost point-blank. Both hit the mark, the second nearly taking his right arm off at the shoulder. The airboat began to drift; I shoved the canoe forward grabbed a line, paddled back, and tied it off to the Hunter.
I had never pointed a gun at anybody in my life yet in the space of a minute had brutally killed two human beings. I felt sickened not necessarily by what I had done but for the fact I had silenced the only human voices I’d heard in months. Was this indeed the new reality of life, kill or be killed. I had overheard enough to believe they would have killed me if given the chance and from the banter was also sure I would have been butchered and eaten as well. It was hard to believe people, who functioned as members of society only months before, had already descended to cannibalism.
The rush of adrenaline had left me weak, I surveyed the scene, the big man was laying on the airboat, and the little guy was floating beside the Hunter. I managed to get a line around Skinny's neck before he sank and tied him off.
I went onto the airboat and found the big guys billfold; it was empty except for a couple of dollars and a Florida driver’s license I guessed he was carrying out of habit. The license read, William Combs, and gave a Clay County address from the DOB I calculated he was 36. So they were from up north, it got me wondering if they were by themselves or were part of a larger group, if so was it based close by, would they be missed, and was somebody likely to come looking for them?
I went through all the compartments on the airboat trying to piece things together. There were four sleeping bags along with miscellaneous camping equipment and clothes, including some women’s, I found an AK-47 and assorted ammunition for pistols and rifles. Tied along the front of the airboat were ten plastic gas jugs all of which were full and a big orange thermos half filled with disgusting looking water.
This didn't tell me much as I didn't know where they had come by the gas or how far they had run. My first thought was to take them and the airboat out to the river and sink the lot, but then decided it would be advantageous to keep it and its precious cargo of gas.
I sat in the cockpit almost in a daze and went over everything they had said for clues. There wasn’t much except they had talked about a woman. From the gist of the conversation I gathered enough to reach the conclusion she wasn't a willing partner, in the adventure, as the big one had been worried about her escaping again, which also indicated she was being held against her will. Where was she? Someplace down river probably around Astor.
What should I do? I had hidden out successfully so far, and there was part of me that wanted to keep it that way, on the other hand, I was going to have to make a move sometime. I reasoned they must be alone if they were part of a larger group they wouldn't have been so worried about losing a captive.
They obviously enjoyed free movement on the river, and if they had found food in Astor, it was doubtful they would be searching every nook and cranny along the river for holdouts like me. They had also said enough to indicate that they weren’t above cannibalism, which could only mean that pickings were pretty slim and if they’d found anyone in Astor to eat they wouldn't have been down here hunting my bony old ass.
I weighed my options; my movements up to now had been restricted by the slow canoe and fear of being caught in the open on the river. The airboat, on the other hand, was fast and gave me a means to flee in the event of trouble. It had been the only engine I had heard in months, so it was likely there wasn't anybody left with the means to pursue me.
I went back to the airboat and began checking it over; it was a high-end deck-over, red with gold lightning bolts emblazoned on the rudders, and powered by a big block Chevy. The carbon fiber fan was in good condition as was the boat in general with the exception of where the buckshot had splattered the aluminum and severed some of the wiring; I also noticed the boat had been hot-wired.
I set about patching up the wiring, having to work around the gruesome remains of the big man lying on the deck; I checked the fuel and found it had almost a full tank which led me to believe they had topped off before they left. I put in less than three gallons so wherever they came from must have been close.
I took all but one of the gasoline jugs and hid them in the marsh having to make two trips in the canoe, I wasn't going to need them for my recon, and gas was too valuable to lose in the event something happened to the airboat.
I examined the guns I had collected; there was a pair of 30-30 deer rifles, one with a nice scope, and a 357-magnum Smith Wesson, and an AK-47 much heavier firepower than I had. There were three and a half boxes of shells for the deer rifles and two for the pistol but none for the assault rifle.
It was two in the afternoon, I needed to get rid of the bodies, and thought while I was at it I’d make a trip down river, and attempt to find the woman they talked about. I decided to take the rifle with the scope, the shotgun, and the semi-automatic 22 pistol.
I tied skinny to the airboat pushed it around facing the river and fired it up. I found it difficult to steer with skinny dragging like an anchor, but made it out to the river and cut him loose, and then with some difficulty rolled the big guy over the side after which I washed off the blood and gore that covered the deck.
I cranked up the airboat and headed north; one thing, I didn't like, was the noise, anything within a mile, or two was going to know I was coming. I didn't know where to start, finding someone tied up along the river was going to be like finding a needle in a haystack, in fact, I didn't know what was waiting for me and I could feel my heart pounding as I left Dexter and headed down river.
I kept to the right, staying as far as possible from the docks on the opposite side, using binoculars to scan the bank. Everything looked abandoned, here, and there were boats sunk or in various stages of decay.
There had been fires as houses, and even some of the docks were partially burned with only charred pilings remaining. There was no movement of man along the banks just an alligator and assorted waterfowl going about their daily business of earning a living. The whole river had an air of serenity about it broken only by the sound and movement of the airboat as I slipped along just fast enough to give decent steerage.
Airboats weren’t my forte; my only experience had been running a friend’s for about fifteen minutes, and it was taking some time to get the hang of it.
I didn't hold out much hope of finding anybody as there wasn’t anyway I would be able to search every house along the river, and for all I knew they could have been holed up back in one of the canals. More than once it crossed my mind that I might be making a mistake, I had gone these months avoiding people now I was risking everything trying to find someone I didn't even know, why?
The events of the morning had turned my little world topsy-turvy, I couldn’t help thinking about the captive, and was pretty sure if there was someone tied up they would likely die if not found, besides, there had already been too much death and maybe it was time to start living again.
Much of what had been Astor lay in ruins; neglect, fires, and the hurricane had changed the landscape. Many of the houses along the river were wrecks, now and then a stark concrete block wall stood as a monument. There seemed to be no pattern as I saw houses completely trashed, yet strangely others seemed untouched, except for being overgrown. I rounded a bend, and the bridge came into view, it was still there in the closed position and except for a broken window in the control cab looked none the worse for wear. Everywhere were signs the hurricane had played no small part in the general destruction as windows were blown out, trees lay helter-skelter, and roofs were gone or partially torn off, I passed a half dozen boats sunk along the banks I assumed had been blown adrift by the storm.
My plan called for making a pass through town as far as the Jetties at the entrance to Lake George, then work back. As I approached the bridge I noticed a line of gas jugs and a pile of other stuff along the motel seawall next to the bridge. I trained the glasses on the pile; there was clothing lying on top of the jugs, so it had to be after the hurricane for sure and by the looks very recent.
I made a sweep with the glasses until I was satisfied there wasn't anyone around then headed for the dock and cut the power. I misjudged and hit hard enough that I was almost thrown out of the seat. As the airboat bounced off the sea wall; I scrambled to get a line on the small dock and looked around sheepishly sorta glad there wasn't anyone to critique my air boatman-ship. I drew the 22 and with it in hand stepped onto the dock hoping like hell I wasn't going to meet with the same reception I had given those two reptiles.
I felt conspicuous and vulnerable as I moved around in the open surveying the situation. The motel restaurant was gone, obviously burnt as only charred pilings remained, the motel had fared a little better just missing part of the roof. I made my way over to the jugs checked and found most were full, this stockpile alone was over fifty gallons. There was a pile of miscellaneous clothing and cooking utensils, from it I deduced this must be where the duo had their base.
Cautiously I made my way to the motel and began checking each room, I reached the third, opened the door, and there in front of me was a woman, naked to the waist, bound hand and foot to the bed springs. She saw me and frantically began struggling in a desperate attempt to free herself. Skinny was right; she was tied up six ways from Sunday, her wrists and ankles chafed and bleeding from her efforts to escape.
I said, “It's alright, I'm not going to hurt you relax, let me get those ropes off.” Her struggling increased as I moved closer.
“Everything’s all right; those two animals won't bother you again.”
She continued struggling, reminding me somewhat of a fish as she flopped around in desperation on the box springs.
I said, “For Christ sakes, please calm down it's over, you'll be all right, please don't hurt yourself, hold still and let me get you untied.”
She quit struggling yet looked at me with the frightened stare of a wild animal. I removed the gag and began working on the knots binding her wrists. She looked to be young but with her hollow cheeks and sunken eyes it was hard to tell, her arms and legs were just skin and bone and she presented the perfect picture of an anorexic, or maybe a concentration camp inmate.
I said, “My name’s George Walter Collins, my friends used to call me GW, what’s yours?
She hesitated as if unsure to speak then said, “Connie… Constance Parker, I almost forgot, it's been bitch or whore for so long.”
“Don't worry Connie, I'll get you out of this hellhole, how long have they held you?”
She said, “Over two months.”
I asked, “Are there any others?”
“No, just them, I'm the only one left, they…” She paused as if searching for words; tears began welling up in her sunken eyes as pent up emotions of the last two months and what must have been pure hell rushed forth to physically manifest itself.
“They….” She struggled to get the words out, and then they burst forth as if a dam had ruptured, “They… ate them all!” She sat up her emaciated frame heaved and shuttered as she brought her freed hands to her face and cried out, “Oh my God, Oh my God.”
Her words were chilling and sent a shudder through me; I thought it best not to ask any more questions just, “Can you walk?”
She nodded weakly and said, “Yes.”
 “OK, let’s get going and find you some clothes.”
It wasn't cold for December, but chilly enough out of the sun that I wondered why in her present state she wasn't suffering from hypothermia. As we walked out she caught sight of the airboat and froze. “Where are they?” She said, in a voice, filled with alarm and fright.
I said, “Don't worry, they’re history, they won't be bothering anyone again; I'll tell you about it later.”
We made our way to the row of gas jugs; there was a couple of jackets among the pile of stuff, and she picked one out and put it on. I loaded the gas in the airboat helped her on, pushed, off cranked, up the big block, and headed for the creek. She huddled beside me clutching at the coat; a small diminutive creature liberated from an abominable situation, scared, and facing an uncertain future. I had to admit I didn’t present a reassuring sight for I hadn’t shaved or cut my hair in months, even I was a little taken aback when looking in the mirror and as we headed to the boat made a mental note to shave at the first opportunity.
From what little she’d said while I loaded the gas, I could well understand why she had tried so desperately to escape. She had been forced to watch her family raped, butchered and eaten by Skinny and his big buddy. As I thought about it there, developed within me a burning hatred for the two I hadn’t felt earlier, any remorse I might have harbored dissolved, and I was glad I had granted them no quarter.
We reached the Hunter and tied off, I helped her on board and apologized saying, “I'm sorry this is a bachelor boat, and I wasn't expecting company but please make yourself at home.” She went below and took a seat on the port settee where she sat in a daze silent, disheveled, and filthy
I said, “The john’s in there and pointed toward the little head, there’s running water but it isn't very hot. I'll turn on the water heater so you can have a hot shower. There’s soap and towels under the basin, I’ll root through the closet and find you something to wear, I’m afraid I only have guy stuff, while you’re at it I'll rustle up something for supper.”
After a while, she made her way to the little head and began undressing but didn't close the door. I said, “The door slides,”
She said, “Believe me mister, after what I've been through I've got no modesty left and what there is of me, isn't worth looking at.”
What she said was true, there was just a skeleton standing there skin stretched over bones, the ravages of starvation had almost rendered her gender neutral. She drew the shower curtain and while the shower ran I laid out a pair of my underwear and a T-shirt on the V berth along with jeans and a heavy flannel shirt. I took what was left of her old clothes and tossed them in the cockpit. She dried off, dressed, and emerged with her hair wrapped in a towel.
She said, “That’s the first time I’ve had a chance to wash in two months.”
We sat and ate, I had expected her to wolf down her food but she sat picking at it and even though I hadn't fixed any great amount she commented, “This is the most food I've seen in almost five months, where did you get it?”
I said, “Had a premonition this was going to happen and planned ahead.”
She said, “My dad did too, but we ran out about three months ago that's why I'm here.”
She went on to tell her story. They had lived just north of Jacksonville but also had a vacation place on the river near Welaka. When things got, bad her father, who was in the wholesale grocery business, raided what little was left in the warehouse. She and her dad along with her sister and brother fled to the house on the river.
She said, “We had a whole truckload of food, Dad thought it would keep us going for at least a year and a half but when our neighbors began to starve he started passing it out to them, finally we hid some of it. I guess the word got around as a group of armed thugs came by one day and took the rest.
Dad and my brother began fishing a lot; we had seen these guys go by in an airboat but figured they were just passing through. I guess they saw Dad and Ray and found out where we lived because just at dawn they broke in the house with guns and tied us up. They kept asking dad where the food was hidden; he told them we didn't have any and weren’t any better off than they were. Ralph (Skinny) said if he didn't tell them right away they were going to eat one of us instead.
She said there was very little food left it was buried in the yard and when her dad showed them Ralph said, “Hell there’s just enough here to go with the main course.”
They came back into the house, and he told Dad, “You got a real nice family here. Tell you what were going to do as a favor to keep you and us from both starvin. We ain't had nothin to eat for a while much less nothin to fuck… when I look around here I see plenty of both.”
Connie said, “I couldn't believe they’d do it, rape and kill us maybe, but they dragged Ray out in the yard tied him to a tree. They both raped him then butchered him alive… skinned and gutted him like some animal, Oh my God, the screams.”
Reader I can't bring myself to go any farther into the graphic details of the atrocities perpetrated upon this girl and her family just to say they were twisted, horrible, and heinous such that they cannot be told to normal civil minds… at least by me. Chilling horrors one stacked upon another until I became queasy. I wanted her to stop but let her go on as I could clearly tell she needed to get it out. Those hadn't been hungry, desperate men but vile, depraved, fiends, spawned in hell and nurtured in the death throes of humankind.
I looked at Constance Parker all that remained of her once proud family and in the dim light of the cabin, with her bony legs tucked beneath her she looked like a small, lost, undernourished child. When she finished I searched for appropriate words to comfort her but in truth there was none, and none would ever be invented that could dull or sooth the indignities she had been subjected to. I could do no more than to put her to bed in the V berth.
I seldom drank anymore but made tonight an exception and poured a large stiff measure of Makers Mark into a glass then lay on the port settee, my mind swimming with all she had told me. I tried to gain a grip on the new reality of life and the world around me. I felt by all accounts this had proved to be the worst day in my long life, yet, thinking on it further, there was a the flip side to the coin which made it my best by ridding the planet of those two vile monsters and the rescue of the unfortunate creature, now asleep in the V berth.
****
Chapter Three Silver Glen Springs
The morning arrived another cool winter day. I got up and made a pot of coffee and had just poured out a mug when I heard stirrings from the V berth.
I said, “Morning, coffees ready if you feel up to it, I have sugar and coffee mate, how do you take yours?”
She came into the salon rubbings her eyes and said, “You live like a king, just a little sugar, please.”
I dropped in the sugar and handed her the mug; she sat down on the settee and cradled the warm mug between her hands. I hadn't seen nor had anyone to talk to since I left Astor and felt almost giddy at the prospect of again making conversation.
As Connie sipped her coffee, I asked if she knew the whereabouts of any others, had she heard any news about what was happening around the state, country, or the world.
She said, “The army came by four months ago and evacuated almost everybody to camps that’s the last outside news we had.”
She went on, “Dad declined to go saying; we would be better off riding it out on the river instead of in some overcrowded, disease-ridden camp. That was before the gang came by, and we still had a good supply of food.”
I asked, “Did you see anybody else along the river?”
She sad, “There was one old couple in a small boat; he waved, but Ralph shot them, and they ate parts of the old lady, if there’s anyone left, they’re staying hidden.”
I asked, “Where did they get all the gas?”
She said, “That's all they did, it was an obsession, they searched every car, boat, garage, lawnmower anything they thought might have gas in it.”
The arrival of Connie had changed the dynamics of my situation, with another mouth to feed it was going to put a strain on my supplies, but on the other hand it would be more than offset by having another human to talk to and share the daily burdens.
I fixed breakfast; we sat in the cabin and ate. I said, “Were going to have to get you outfitted, if those were your clothes on the airboat I'm sorry but I threw them overboard. When you feel up to it, we'll take a trip into town and do some shopping, till then feel free to dig through the lockers.”
After breakfast, I fueled the airboat and again took all but one of the gas jugs and hid them. I now had almost a hundred gallons of gas and fifty-five gallons of diesel not counting what was still in the boats.
I canoed out to the river and ran the trotlines, returning with enough for a good meal. I lit a fire in the grill, and later we sat in the cockpit and picked at the fish. She said, “I want you to know; I didn't eat them, any of them, I would starve first. Ralph tried to force me, but I didn't they took….”
I cut her off. “Connie it's over, behind you, if you continue to look back I'm afraid you'll be consumed by it. God knows; I've tried to find words, but I have no concept of what you must have gone through, all, I can say, is, you’re alive, and maybe it was preordained.
“Christ, from what you’ve told me you should be a raving lunatic, just listening last night almost turned me into one. We both need to try to move on; I hate to say it, but we’re not out of the woods by a long shot, I planned for a year, now with the both of us…. There’s more than enough diesel to get this boat to the ocean, but I haven’t a clue where to go from there.”
We hung around the Hunter for a couple of days as I wanted to give Connie a chance to get over some of her trauma and regain a little strength. I, on the other hand, was busy formulating a plan of what the next move would be. The creek had been my home and had done well protecting me, at least until those two reptiles invaded; now it felt more like a prison.
Getting out on the river had renewed my wanderlust, and from questioning Connie, I came to the conclusion the worst threats were over. There were more than likely other bastards, like, Willy and Ralph, but I doubted there were any left on the river as it had pretty much been picked clean.
I asked Connie, if she felt up to a trip tomorrow weather permitting? She said, “Sure.”
I said, “Good, we'll make a day of it, leave early and find you some clothes, if we have enough time afterward I want to run out to the Glen and look around.”
She said, “We went to the Glen, they're four or five boats; most are up on shore, and one is a big house boat…”
I cut in excitedly, “Was it private or a rental?”
“I don't think a rental, it was bigger and too fancy, they went on it but there wasn't any gas, so they left.”
“Was it on the bank side or on the bar, was it floating?”
 She said, “It was all the way in back, up against the trees half on the bank, but it didn’t look torn up or anything. The Glen looked so deserted from when Dad used to take us.”
I asked, “You used to go to the Glen?”
She said, “Three or four times a year.”
I said, “Do you remember when it used to be packed on holiday weekends.”
“When I was little, I remember we couldn't find a spot to anchor, that was before a lot of people began going outside.”
I said, “Yeah, it sure to used to be a hopping place on the weekends, especially holidays.”
I dug out my old albums, and we sat looking at pictures of smiling people having a good time, as I turned the pages and made a comment once in a while it wasn't lost on either of us that it was an era past. The new reality was it would be many a year if ever before there was again a party with happy boaters filling Silver Glen Springs.
Over the last couple of days, I had come to know a little more about Connie, she was twenty-four, a graduate of the University of Florida, with a major in marine biology and a minor in business. The latter wasn't going to be of much use at the moment, but the first might prove useful. The ordeal had left its scars, there were times she was almost bubbly, giving a hint of the person she had once been, yet at others she would sit in the cockpit morose, silent, and lost in thought, staring blankly out over the water.
The next morning with a clear sky and the sun shining brightly, we departed on our sojourn. I tied the canoe on the airboat and packed enough food for two days. This was insurance in case the airboat gave out on us as it could take two days to paddle back, but at least, we could get back.
I worried about the quality of the gas as I had found water, and rust in two jugs, plus three of the jugs smelled stale. I found a spare spin on filter in one of the lockers but I was going to have to find more replacements and some way to pre-filter and remove the water and contaminants before I put more fuel in the boat.
We made our way to town then picked out and searched through the most likely houses; I would go first and make sure there was no remains, then call Connie so she could explore. We went through about a dozen houses; I found the bodies of a few old people I guessed had died from starvation or medical complications.
It was weird, streets and canals deserted of humanity, in only a few months nature had already begun reclaiming the town, tall grass and weeds chocked yards, trees blown over by the storm their branches strewn everywhere. There was an air of decay which permeated throughout, and I soon learned to recognize the houses of the dead by the distinct odor as I approached. 
Connie combed through closets trying on clothes as I checked out garages, cars, and boats for anything useful making a mental inventory as I went. It was if people had just walked away leaving all their worldly possessions with the exception of fuel and food neither of which we could find.
Connie finally had two suitcases, and a couple of carry bags filled with clothes and other essential items required for maintaining a young woman; we loaded everything onto the airboat and headed to the Jetties. The day was calm as we skirted the western edge of Lake George stopping once in a while to sweep the lake with the glasses, but it was empty, no boats or movement could be seen, we passed by Juniper Run and on the Glen.
Silver Glen Springs lay off the west side of Lake George it was a popular spot with boaters who came to swim, party, or just enjoy nature. It's clear, clean, and seventy-two degree year round water was refreshing in the hot summer and soothing in winter. On holidays weekends past upwards to a thousand boats would make the pilgrimage their occupants having a great time; I guess because it brought such joy to the masses the government seemed always to be engaged in some campaign to shut it down.
I idled in past the deserted and burned out Juniper Club and could see a few boats scattered here and there, ahead was a sixty or seventy foot houseboat plastered against the far bank. I glanced over Connie was holding the 22 pistol at the ready, I had started to strap it on before we left when Connie asked, “You got another one of those?”
I hadn't thought about asking her if she wanted to carry a gun. I asked, “Can you use one of these things?”
She said, “I sure can and I’m won’t be afraid to.” I gave her the 22 and a box of shells and strapped on the 357.
I tied up to the houseboat; it was evident the storm had blown it against the bank as the anchors were still attached. There was some damage to the side against the trees, but no broken windows just torn canvas and a bent railing, the front door had been left open, Connie said by the duo when they searched for gas. The interior although in disarray wasn't in bad shape.
We waded over to the park and walked around the boil then canoed over to the Juniper Club. The main building and most of the others had been destroyed` by a forest fire, after exploring we went back and sat at a picnic table and had lunch.
I said, “Connie I think it's time to make a move and bring everything here, I'd rather move here then in town, we have clean, warm water all around us, easy access to the lake, and dry ground to walk on. People have been living in this spot for thousands of years, if we’re going to be forced to go back and live like our ancestors this is the ideal place to do it, we can even put in a garden and have some fresh vegetables.”
She asked, “Do you think were going to have to stay here forever?”
I said, “I don't know, one thing’s for sure we need food, there’s enough to do us for six months maybe a little longer if we stretch it. We could go down river and hope to find enough to get by; if not in the end we'll likely starve. We can set up here and wait for awhile and see what happens. If they're any decent people left it's going to take time for them to get the ball rolling again. We can try to find them or wait and let them come to us.”
She said, “You’ve made it this far, I'll let you decide.”
I said, “Let’s try it here for the summer, if things don't go well, we'll keep enough food and diesel in reserve to get us at least to Jacksonville, with any luck we can sail to the Bahamas or Cuba and live like beachcombers.”
We returned that evening with a plan, and the next day went about getting things ready for the move. We dug out all the remaining drums of food; there were still six of them and with the exception of one which had some small amount of water they had fared well. It was going to take a couple of trips to move everything. We loaded all the gas on the airboat along with four of the food drums and made a slow trip to the Glen. We spent the day hiding everything, for even though the threat of being overrun had diminished I couldn't be a hundred percent sure it wouldn't occur.
We placed the remaining drums of food and the one with the diesel on the airboat along with the solar panels and tied on the spare canoe I took the airboat to the river tied it off and paddled back. Next came the extrication of the Hunter getting it turned around and threaded down the creek, we picked up the airboat and put it in tow, we putted down river both of us looking forward to spending Christmas and News Years in the Glen.
We reached the marker outside the Glen; I made several attempts, but it was too shallow to get the Hunter in. Finally, we left the sailboat anchored and went in with the airboat. We unloaded and hid the remaining drums then ran the airboat up on the bank by the boil and paddled back to spend the night.
It was pitch dark as I made a last check before turning in, my heart suddenly shot into my throat as I sighted a light on the lake, I shouted down into the cabin, “Connie come quick there's a light on the lake.” She raced to the cockpit I scanned toward the light with the glasses then said, “Sorry false alarm, just a lighted channel marker the solar panel’s still charging the battery.”
The next morning Connie paddled the canoe as I waded marking the channel with saplings I had cut for the purpose. When I’d found a suitable path over the bar, we threaded the Hunter into the Glen and anchored.
It was now time to set up our new home, I wanted to be able to utilize the houseboat but at the moment it was high and dry on the bank and tilted so as to make it uninhabitable. There wasn't a hope of pulling it off with the airboat boat or the Hunter; I was going to have to wait for high water or find some other means to free it.
Searching for a solution, I remembered seeing some com-a-longs hanging in a garage as I poked around while Connie foraged for clothes. I didn't really want to make an unnecessary trip to Astor and waste precious gas, besides I didn't think com-a-longs alone would do the trick. We talked it over and decided to make a list of things we were going to need and take a trip to town in the morning.
We left early, but half way up the river the airboat ground to a halt the fuel filter plugged with dirt and water. I replaced it and chastised myself for not following my own advice and filtering the fuel before I put it in; I made finding fuel filters the number one priority. We arrived in town tied up the airboat and switched to the canoe we had discovered beside a garage on our last visit.
We began paddling along the canals I went through almost every boat and garage looking for filters but could find none. We came to a big trawler which took up almost the whole canal. It had a couple of Racor filters and a dozen or so spare cartridges. I liberated them and noticed it was equipped with an Icom SSB (single side band) radio I took it along with the antenna and tuner. There was also a Freedom inverter and the house battery bank was made up of four big AGMs, though discharged they looked to be fairly new, so I wrestled them out and onto the dock as well, we piled everything up to be collected later.
I scavenged for hardware while Connie shopped for all things which would add to our domesticity; by afternoon, we had several docks piled high. I spied a 23-foot O'day sailboat on a trailer, it was in excellent shape parked under a carport and searching through the house I found two sets of sails and a little bimini along with a 10-horse 4 stroke Tohatsu kicker, just what we needed for fishing or getting around the lake.
After scratching my head trying to figure some way to get the little hooker in water, Connie came up with the solution. She had been watching with amusement, smiled and said, “Quit looking at the damn thing and just shove it in the canal.”
We sat up a couple of boards on the seawall got a running start and pushed boat, trailer, and all into the canal, it took on some water but we quickly bailed it out.
We towed it with the canoe stopping to pick up our booty as we went. I soon found towing the loaded sailboat was a challenge but when we hooked it to the flat-bottomed airboat we had no control. We tied off, and I filled the tank of the outboard making sure to run the fuel through the chamois I had found in a garage. It took some pulling, but finally the motor came to life.
The little sailboat wasn't going to tow the airboat which was also loaded to the gills, so Connie ran the O'day. It was slow going as I had to stop often and wait on her to catch up, and it was well past dark before we reached the inside of the Glen.
I had found five com-a-longs, several chains and for good measure, emptied every anchor locker of line I came upon. There was a sunken cruiser just the other side of the sand bar. I hooked a couple the best com-a-longs to the house boat and ran lines to the cruiser but cranking them just stretched the lines or moved the sunken boat so I attached a stout line from the cruiser to a large tree on the bank still I couldn't budge the big house boat. I was going to have to overcome the line stretch and find more leverage.
Along the bank was a 30-foot twin engine Sea Ray it remained in fair shape, and though it had some water in the front cabin, the engine compartment was surprisingly dry. Naturally, it was out of gas, but I figured if I could get it running, coupled with the strain of the com-a-longs, it just might do the trick.
Pulling the Sea Ray off the bank was easy, it slid right into the channel, we walked it over beside the Hunter and charged the battery’s using the diesel, I didn't mind doing this as I had made a find in one of the garages in Astor of a motor with almost twenty gallons of diesel. What I did hate was pouring fifteen gallons of precious gas into the Sea Ray, it would only run it for half an hour, but I was hoping that would be long enough.
After charging the batteries, I dumped a little gas in the carburetors, and the Sea Ray cranked up though one leaky carburetor required a couple of persuasive raps with an adjustable wrench. I backed the Sea Ray as close as I could to the houseboat and attached lines to the stern cleats, If I could get the stern loose the bow would follow, I was hopeful as the hull was resting on some small bent over saplings.
I rigged two com-a-longs on each line in order to eliminate the line stretch. I asked Connie if she wanted to run the boat or the com-a-longs; she chose the latter. I provided her with a three foot piece of aluminum pipe to give her some mechanical advantage, after cranking out most of the stretch I told her to take it easy, one click at a time, first one line than the other.
We were ready I throttled up the Sea Ray it churned sand and water sending wash against the stranded houseboat. I could see Connie ratcheting the com-a-longs, and the houseboat began to rock. After less than five minutes, I stopped and adjusted the lines on the transom and reset the com-a-longs.
The wheels had removed enough sand so I could get five feet closer to the houseboat. I wanted to blow as much sand from under the transom and out drives of the houseboat as possible, in a way it was a shame for I was bound to ruin the Sea Ray but after this there wouldn't be any gas to run it anyway, it was a sacrifice one for the other.
Again I big holed the cruiser this time it was close enough to the house boat to send wash as high as the deck, the houseboat began to rock. Connie kept cranking on one com-a-long than the other. All at once the stern lurched, and the houseboat slid off the bank the Sea Ray surged forward forcing me to kill the engines. The houseboat was floating free Connie, and I waved, grinned, thrust an arm in the air, and shouted, “Yes.”
The Sea Ray had done its job; I hooked two of the derelicts that would float to it along with the canoe and headed to the lake. I tied the wheel, let it idle and jumped over the side into the canoe. The Sea Ray made it halfway to the channel before it ran out of gas, at least it and the other two wouldn't rot in the Glen. 
Connie and I walked the houseboat over and anchored it next to the Hunter and O'day, and spent the rest of the day making it livable. I took the solar panels and mounted them in a very shallow vee on the houseboats roof. There was plenty of room left which was good for there was a new house in town with solar panels plastered all over the roof, only a couple had been damaged in the storm and I planned to get them on our next foray.
I hooked the panels I had up to the big AGMs from the trawler. The houseboat already had an inverter and by tomorrow night we should have both AC and DC. I wasn't going to be satisfied until I had enough solar panels and batteries to run the air conditioning or the stacked washer dryer.
Connie had been busy all afternoon cleaning and I had to make two trash runs with the canoe, that evening we sat on the front deck of our new home and toasted the coming of Christmas, each other, and the sunset with one of the coveted bottles of wine we had plundered. The wine or the fact it was almost Christmas brought us to broach another subject, Connie brought it up.
“GW it's possible we’re going to be living together for the rest of our lives and maybe were the only two people left on earth. I know there's a lot of difference in our ages, still I see no reason why we can't share the bed, its queen size and the nights are getting colder. I appreciate the fact you haven’t made a pass at me, not one, I know I'm not much to look at but still you’re a man. It's just a suggestion, if I'm out of line just say so.”
I said, “Heavens no you have nothing to be sorry for, Connie you’ve suffered more than enough abuse for a lifetime, after what you’ve been through I wouldn't blame you if you hated men. I’ve been going out of my way to be a gentleman, I wanted to be the antitheses of those two scumbags, to make you at least feel that there’s some good and civility left in the world.
“I'm twice your age; even though I've had a fling with more than one of my graduate students, I consider hitting on anything under forty off limits as it makes me feel like a dirty old man.
“Your right we may well be living together for a long time and its likely were among the last people on earth. Who knows we may be Adam and Eve, a young skinny Eve and a very old Adam? If were thrown together long enough sex will eventually become an issue, in fact, I suppose it already has or we wouldn't be having this conversation.
“I agree the nights are going to be colder in this big boat, but I want you to know you’re under no obligation or pressure from me. Anything of a sexual nature is strictly your call. If you’re absolutely sure you want this, we'll give it a try; remember it's your call.”
I had to admit it wasn't a very romantic beginning to our April, November relationship.
We decorated a tree for Christmas and brought in the New Year feasting on the second turkey I had managed to bag; again it made a welcomed departure from our regular diet of fish. I couldn’t help remembering back years ago and the New Years I had spent here in the Glenn with the Black Water Yacht Club; it was a world which no longer existed.
Even though we had been in the Glen only a couple of weeks it had raised our spirits. We had made a couple of more trips into town and had brought back the solar panels, the diesel I had discovered in the motor home, and two bicycles. These had come in handy, and we had been able to cover almost all of Astor, we kept checking for any human activity but hadn't come across any.
Planting time was approaching; we had some vegetable seed I had put away, but I wanted to make a trip into Pierson and see if we could scavenge anything from the co-op. We had parked the airboat and were using the O'day, it was slower but it could sail, sipped gas, and would take whatever Lake George could throw at it, the tiny cabin provided shelter and we could sleep over if necessary.
We set out for Pierson with the bicycles strapped across the transom we reached Shell Harbor Road and bicycled into town. Luck was with us, after scrounging high and low we found a whole bag of seed corn and other vegetable seed that hadn’t been opened, along with a few bags of fertilizer that were harder than rock. They were too heavy to haul on the bikes, but we had come across a white Ford diesel pickup which looked to be in good condition. I told Connie we'd bring back a battery and some diesel, hook it to the big flatbed trailer up the road, and use it to collect supplies and haul them to the boat.
On our way back we spied a couple of goats, we poked around sheds until we found some rope, it took us over an hour to catch the animals, we fashioned halters and spent the best part of the afternoon coaxing and dragging the reluctant critters back to the boat.
Each in turn had a laugh as first Connie then I was butted off the bike by an errant goat, we had a male and female and hoped they weren’t brother and sister and they would be fruitful and multiply. I teased Connie and told her she was going to be the milkmaid; it had been over forty years since I had milked a damn goat. We made our way back with the goats tethered on the foredeck of the O'day.
Our days were as pleasant as any I had ever known; these were simple days unhampered by the complicated, hectic society in which we had once lived. Our focus was on life and those things which had a direct bearing on our welfare. Yes, indeed little things like planting the first radish seed were now a cause for celebration. 
Our situation continued to improve, setting up the array of solar panels allowed more than enough electricity for our simple needs, enough that we had taken the unprecedented step of shopping for a freezer; it was a small one, but still a hassle getting across the lake perched on the O'day. It now held part of the venison I had shot on the Juniper Club.
The deer had been getting in the garden I had laid in wait for three nights before I got the first one and was looking forward to filling the freezer with its buddies the first chance I got.
We had seen a bear in the park by the boil but it disappeared before I could get to the gun, or bear steaks would have been on the menu, we had collected an ample supply of spices and our vegetable garden was planted, the only trouble was keeping out the varmints. I had built fences and set the leg hold traps, they had been catching various critters, and so far Connie had shown little aversion to cooking whatever I brought in like raccoon, armadillo, or even a possum.
I had a chance at a manatee but had passed it up as much of it would have gone to waste, however now that we were equipped with the freezer the next manatee was going to be fair game, I figured the tables had turned we humans could, with some certainty, be classified as the endangered species.
On a bike ride along SR19 we came across a flock of chickens it took three days and some ingenuity along with building a makeshift chicken house but we managed to entice the birds in. We now had some half-dozen hens and a couple of roosters they were cackling, crowing, and flourishing, I constructed a proper hen house and already we were beginning to get fresh eggs, well once in a while. I had been looking high and low but couldn't find any pigs or cows so we could eventually have fresh milk and cream with our coffee, or bacon with our eggs, maybe even render the lard to fry a chicken or two.
On one of our trips to Georgetown we came across a stray dog it was young just out of the puppy stage and looked mostly to be golden retriever, he was skinny and malnourished, Connie with patience and some food was able to coax him over to the boat, we took him on board and brought him back with us.
We couldn't decide on a name, so wrote several on scraps of paper and flipped a coin for the draw, Connie got to pick and he became Skipper. Skipper, was going to have to be a working dog and earn his living as our way of life didn't allow for the luxury of having just a pet. Connie and I worked with him and taught him not to chase chickens or goats, but instead protect them; he learned quickly and soon became a valued member of our little impromptu family.
Spring was approaching; Connie had filled out and bloomed once again into a beautiful young woman; she now wore a dark tan, to go with her blue-green eyes and a dazzling smile. I, on the other hand, was still the wrinkled, grizzled face that stared back from the mirror each morning, and at times wondered what in the hell she could possibly see in me.
Our relationship had developed and cemented in the last few months we had come to enjoy being together and though our sex had started out an awkward affair, it had since turned into sessions of passionate lovemaking. I felt her youth invigorated me and hoped for her sake it would continue to do so for I was coming to love her deeply and couldn't bare the thought of dying and leaving her alone to cope with this scary new world.
We had finished the supper dishes and were sitting on the front deck relaxing and surveying our little kingdom, I made the remark “I wonder what the rich people are doing tonight.”
Connie said, “Probably sitting in Silver Glen watching the sun set. GW I never asked before but what do you think happened…really? I know there was a lot of trouble all around the world, but there always seemed to be trouble around the world, what caused everything to fly apart so fast in just months, it doesn't seem possible?”
I said, “I’ve had a lot of time to think about it, I got some ideas, sure you want to hear them?”
She nodded yes.
“Better fix us some more coffee; it’s a long story.”
She came back with coffee and sat down.
 “What we just went through is a human bubble. The planet reached what might be described as optimum population probably some time shortly after the end of World War Two when the baby boom began. It was recognized back then that we had a potential problem, but at the time we were galloping along full tilt concentrating only on expanding the economic model that had worked so well in the past, and it was reasoned we had to continue to grow or things would stagnate.
“No one bothered searching for alternatives, and all our efforts continued to be focused on making what we had work. We just kept galloping along expanding and creating more humans, or what business so fondly referred to as new consumers.
“Productivity continued to rise, yet we added more and more people to the population; I had a professor in the sixties who told us in fifty years unemployment would be so high there would be two or three people for every job. He said it wouldn't present a problem as workers would take turns, with each working no more than one or two days a week, the rest of the time they would be free to enjoy life. It sounded good but just too utopian. Turns out it was, as instead of leisure time and a better life we got Wal-Mart and a nation of part-timers making minimum wage.
“Science and the green revolution were in full swing and everyone felt it would keep pace with population growth and for a while it did, nip and tuck.
“There’s never been worldwide famine, mainly because in all of human history there’s never been worldwide overpopulation. Typical of human behavior, since it had never happened, nobody was really concerned about it.
“We made this one possible by science, fossil fuels, strides in medicine, and unregulated capitalism on a global scale, it allowed for the artificial ratcheting up of the population worldwide.
“Certain parts of the planet are prone to famine, it’s an ongoing vicious cycle, others occur as quirks of nature. In days of yore, populations in affected areas either moved to greener pastures or died back to a sustainable level.
“Through our new global economy and the green revolution we gained the means to intervene in local famines, it was seen as a noble cause, humans helping humans. But it simply stabilized these populations so they could continue to grow until they faced far worse famines in the future. This cycle of dependency continued stretching the rubber band until the wars and Ebola came along, and the rubber band snapped.
“Unfortunately as we grew the global economy, we stripped many countries of their ability to be self-sustaining so when this crisis hit it was like a string of dominos as one country fell it took down another setting up a cascade. This country had been so hollowed that when push came to shove we could no longer stand on our own.
“She said, “GW where is God in all of this, … are you an atheist?”
“Good god no honey, I'm invested with just as much spirituality as anybody. I believe in a creator of the universe, why because I'm ignorant and rely on my inner sense of spiritually which leads me in that direction. I won't hazard a guess as to what or who God is, except to say anything I told you would be pure myth and speculation; I will add that when I pray, and I do from time to time, it is to him. I have reverence toward my creator; I'm willing to leave it at that and let future generations continue to figure it out, and given enough time I'm certain they will. That is if we can recover and don't destroy our species completely along the way.
“I tend to stay concentrated on this one little planet; we have to arrive at a complete understanding of ourselves before we go gallivanting off elsewhere. I believe that Nature and God are closely connected possibly one and the same. It's said, God made man in his own image, we, therefore, have this idea that God has to be in human form sitting around on a golden throne.
“I'm sure were close to finding the physical image of God… it's our DNA the building blocks of life that's where we'll find the image of God, at least our God. Most of mankind has been too busy looking for heaven elsewhere. We’ve been stuck in a rut; everything marches on, but religion, it remains static, unbending, and rigid, each generation becoming conditioned like Pavlov’s dog.
“I hope, if we manage to come out of this thing, then just maybe, we'll be around long enough to shed our training wheels, mature and finally get past this hubris shit and come to realize that God (Nature) gave us this wonderful ability to create heaven right here on earth. With a small enlightened population, rich in technology, proceeding in an orderly manner we certainly would have reached some form of heaven.”
“Now I don't know about you honey but I’ve had enough of this crap for one night. What say we gallop along to bed and let our innate drives work on repopulating the world? I was clipped thirty years ago, but I guess there's no harm in us pretending.”
Next day I was making a routine check of the Hunter and came across the Icom SSB. I had intended to install it in the sailboat but in our move to the houseboat had forgotten all about it. I dug it, the tuner, and antenna out as I was curious to see if it still worked; even if it did I doubted there was anyone left to contact. I took the rig over to the houseboat and spent the better part of the day hooking it up. When I had finished, I turned it on, tuned the antenna, and tooled through the 20-meter band for a little bit then switched it off. 
That evening after supper I again turned it on and was twiddling through the 20 meter when I caught a snippet of a voice. I tuned back, and coming through the speaker was a man's voice. Connie was sitting on the front deck and at the sound rushed inside and asked, “Is that for real?”
I said, “I think so, sounds like someone’s reading off a list of names.”
We sat transfixed listening to the only human voice beside our own we had heard in months. In a few minutes he finished and I grabbed the mike pressed the key and said, “CQ, CQ, CQ this is the sailing vessel Surreal calling any station come in.”
A moment went by, and we heard, “Sailing vessel Seal, this is Joliet Sierra Quebec, over.”
 I said, “J S Q this is S/V Surreal, S U R R E A L we have been out of touch with the world for months.”
“Surreal what’s your twenty over?”
“We’re located halfway down the St. Johns River in Florida.” I was wary of giving away our exact position.
“Surreal do you have an emergency?”
I looked over at Connie shrugged my shoulders and asked, “Do we have an emergency?” she shrugged back. “J S Q that's negative, we just tuned in on your frequency; you’re the only person we’ve had contact with in months.”
“Surreal, I have to conduct business, if you will stand by and contact me at 2200 hours EST this frequency I'll set aside time to answer your questions, Joliet Sierra Quebec over and out.”
I sat back Connie and I both stared at the radio, the little box, that had lain idle on the sailboat bank, had just gained a place of prominence in our lives.
I guessed it was somewhere after seven I say after because we hadn't been keeping exact time as our days were governed only by the sun. We rooted through the drawers for a watch. Connie came up with one that worked. Then there followed a debate over whether it was showing standard or daylight time. Finally, we settled on standard so were left with almost a two and a half wait.
We huddled around the radio listening to groups of names being read off. We couldn't divine what purpose they served only that each list was preceded with letters and numbers followed by a list of names; some were short only two or three while others ran to fifty or more. We turned into clock-watchers, as we waited,
 I said, “Honey looks like time has caught up with us, and our lives are again being governed by a clock.”
I itched to go through the band but dared not touch the little device for fear I might jinx it, the minutes agonizingly dragged on, so by the time ten rolled around we were both as tense as banjo strings.
I took a deep breath keyed the mike and in my best radio-speak called. It was answered, this time the voice identified itself as Jerry Stine in Mobile Alabama. To make a long story short, he told us, most of the survivors were situated in camps scattered along the southern Gulf Coast. He and several others, ran a net and attempted to identify people with critical skills sets, and then send them to the places where they could do the most good. He lamented as usual seems no bodies where they needed to be.
I told him of our situation and asked if he had any idea where the closest people might be to us? He said, Mayport, was the district capital the only other groups were congregated on the west coast around Sarasota. He had heard of a few others along the East Coast but hadn't been able to verify it. He informed me there were a few nets set up for guys like me, and I copied down the frequencies. He also said there was a national AM station that just started broadcasting from Washington then we signed off.
I said, “Connie seems were not alone after all, It's a mixed bag, I kinda enjoyed our isolation, if it wasn't for the fact we'll run out of coffee in a few months I think I could live this way forever.”
She said, “I'll admit, life’s better I never realized just how much of a slave I was to my iPhone, updating my Facebook page, texting on twitter and all the other superfluous crap I was addicted to. Not to mention all the bills, it's great having no more bills to pay. Still I wish we could send out for a pizza.”
I said, “Were spending all our time together, and I never grow tired of it. In the old world, our lives would have been so diverse I doubt we would have given each other a second glance, I’d better rephrase that. You might not have given me a second look, but I’d damn sure given you the twice over.
“Well, anyway you know what I mean. I've come to believe nature intended men and women to be in harness, working together as we have. I feel like a complete person being with you and I don't want to lose it. I hope civilization takes its sweet ass time catching up to us. I know, I’m being selfish, but honestly, honey I never want to lose you or what we’ve built together.”
That night as I lay in her arms, I thought about all the lonely years of my life. I had never really considered them as such but realized as I lay there I had wasted much of my life chasing illusive dreams, searching for that one grand thing that would give my life true meaning.
Looking back it was clear; all the years I had been married to Ruth Ann had been lonely years. Both of us too busy pursuing careers to make a life together. Just two people going through the motions, it had all been a facade. My work had taken me away from her for months on end journeying to far off places digging up and unearthing other people's lives, never allowing me the time to live much less understand my own.
Hell this is the true meaning of life, laying with the woman I loved in my arms and knowing we are destined to sink or swim together. That our happiness and very existence rested in our own hands; not some jumbled up society controlled by men in steel and glass towers. A society, honed in the art of short changing, and ripping us off at every turn, where we wore with shame the label of consumer, to be sheared like sheep and bombarded by commercials twenty-four seven. Not once in the last months had I heard. “Ask your doctor if X is right for you.” I gently pulled Connie closer and drifted off.
It was about a week after our first radio contact. We had paddled over to the Juniper Club to work in the garden. Connie decided to return to the boat and prepare lunch; she was either going to bring it back or pick me up.
I finished early and decided to save her the trip. It was a nice day for a leisurely swim, and the cool water felt good after toiling in the hot garden. I had covered a little over half the distance; Skipper had been barking and I thought it was because he had seen me. I glanced up and saw Connie standing on the front deck of the houseboat with a deer rifle pointed directly at me. I stopped waved, and my arms just as a shot rang out, for a split second I was certain she was shooting at me. Then I heard a commotion in the water behind; I turned, and not twenty feet away was a gigantic gator doing the death roll. Connie had already jumped in the canoe and was paddling furiously toward me; I swam like crazy to meet her.
She pulled up breathless, “Oh God… Skipper started barking, there wasn't time… I grabbed the rifle… I think I got it… Oh God, I was so scared. Get your ass in this boat right now!”
We paddled over; the gator was lying on the bottom in the eelgrass motionless, there was blood in the water and oozing from a wound in its head.
I said, “That was a fantastic shot, you nailed him honey, look… that damn things bigger than the canoe. Just to be on the safe side we’ll leave him sit, after lunch, we'll gig him.”
We returned after lunch, harpooned the gator, and towed him over to Dog Island where we butchered off the best parts. This time we had turned the tables and Mr. Gator was going to be the featured guest at our dinner table.
Connie and Skipper had both saved my bacon. I didn't go to lengths in expressing it for I felt there was a close analogy between what had befallen her family and had almost become of me. Her mental wounds had been healing nicely, and I shuttered at the thought of what the effect would have had she once again been forced to witness someone she loved, killed and eaten in front of her.
I awoke startled out of my wits; Skipper was barking, and it took a second or two for my mind to grasp the situation and that someone outside was pounding on the Hunter. I heard a voice say, “GW you in there, its Gator Sam, wake up.”
Connie woke her voice filled with alarm. “What's going on?”
I said, “I think I just heard a ghost.” I hollered, “Is that you Sam?” As I opened the door to the rear deck and stepped out. There next to the sailboat in water up to his chest stood Gator Sam Dulles, he looked at me and said, “I thought you were in the sailboat, I about beat a hole in it.”
I said, “For Christ’s sakes, I guess if anyone would have made it, it had to be you, come on board.”
Connie was sitting up in bed holding the 22.
I said, “Don’t worry honey it’s just Gator Sam…put on the coffee pot.”
Sam climbed on board and grabbed me in a bear hug. He said, “I didn't think I’d ever see anybody I knew again, I paddled across the lake to check out the Glen and saw your boat I couldn't believe it, you been in here all this time?”
We walked through the cabin Connie was in the process of brewing a pot of coffee, Sam gave her the once over from head to toe, and for an instant I felt a jolt of jealousy run through me. Sam was a big strapping guy much closer to Connie’s age than I and had an earned reputation as a ladies' man. I introduced them and just as quickly as it had come the feeling was gone and I felt sheepish, this was the first male I had come in contact with, was I so insecure of our relationship that I felt threatened? No, it was just a knee-jerk kinda thing. He looked over at me grinned and said, “looks like you doing OK for yourself.”
I said, “We manage to limp along, how about you?”
He said, “I'm over on Shell Harbor in the cabin got stranded up North took me and the woman all this time to get back down here, there’s nobody left, is there?”
I said, “Not that we’ve found, best I can tell everybody went to the panhandle.”
We sat on the deck I just had to tell him about Connie and the Gator, he was impressed, Connie tried to conceal it by being modest but I knew inwardly she was proud as a peacock, not so much of killing the gator but that she had saved her man. I continued relating the story of our survival.
Sam Dulles, was one of those characters almost every small rural town produces, a figure larger than life, the one who is the great hunter, trapper, or fisherman usually they are wild men and from time to time do outrageous things which only add to their stature and legend. This was Sam, although, with his college education, he could take it off and on like a coat as it suited him.
The Sam's of the world had helped to settle this country, they were the pioneers going where no civilized man had gone before; they thrived on danger and the unknown, blazing the trails for those who followed. They were heralded and idolized by succeeding generations, yet in their own lifetimes, frequently came into conflict with the very civilization they had made possible.
I had run across many of these individuals in my travels and had one or two of note in my own lineage. Sam, was one of those people born for a purpose, yet out of sync with the times and society. I was glad to see Sam as if ever there was a time for a pioneer type that time was now.
We sat and talked all morning, Sam spun tales of his survival and how he had hooked up with his gal Joyce, if was fascinating, listening to him describe their trip down the Mississippi, and along the Gulf to Mobile by canoe.
He said Mobile was a hellhole where every-day people were dying by the thousands. He and Joyce managed to catch a boat to Carrabelle, and then walked cross-country until they found a couple of horses. I had to admit his ordeal of survival had far eclipsed ours. Afternoon waned, and he looked at the lake and said, “I’d better get back before it starts kicking up, or a bear gets my woman.”
I said, “Got a present for you, and pointed to the airboat boat on the bank, let's go and see if we can get the damn thing started.”
We changed out the battery, and I topped it off with gas. Then I said, “Did you see a white Ford and trailer parked at the end of the road?”
Sam said, “Yeah, that yours?”
“Keys under the driver's seat, it’s got a quarter tank of diesel, Connie and I use it to go shopping for fencing and stuff, your welcome to use it. You’ll probably have to switch out the battery.” And I added, “Be extra careful, there’s no insurance, and the tags expired.”
As we tied the canoe on, Sam noticed where the buckshot had blasted the aluminum and said, “Damn son, I guess you did put a hurtin on em.”
He cranked up the airboat, waved good-bye, spun around, and tore ass out the Glen in true Gator Sam fashion. I looked at Connie and said, “Well I guess now that we got neighbors we'll have to start wearing some more clothes.”
****
Chapter Four The Hammer
None of us had any perception events were in motion that would soon change our paradise forever, until then, we went on with our daily activities and our life of bliss. Sam brought his gal Joyce over, from the way he had described her I was expecting to meet some gorilla wrestler, but she turned out to be a sweet girl, well educated, with a masters in environmental studies yet game enough to handle Sam.
I had known a gal archeologist somewhat like her in my youth and spent a couple of years chasing her to no avail. She and Connie hit it off from the get-go as they were both into marine biology. I was glad Connie would have another female to talk too as I was sure there were some topics women felt more comfortable discussing among themselves.
I cautioned Dan to go sparingly on the gas in the airboat. He said, “Don't worry I got it covered if you need gas or diesel I got a stash that ought to last for a while.”
I thought; leave it to Sam to ferret out something nobody else could find.
I rigged up an old fashioned AM antenna on top of the boat we began picking up the Washington news. I felt stupid for not doing it sooner, but nobody listened to AM anymore. I hadn't even turned to AM radio in years as even before the collapse AM was always weak and at best, all, I had gotten in Alexander Creek, was static.
We grew accustomed to sitting on the front deck in the evenings listening to Marlene Campanili and catching up on what was taking place with the recovery, sadly it wasn’t much.
It had been horrific; way over two hundred million Americans had perished in the initial Collapse. As expected it had hit the elderly, the young, and those with medical needs first, then people in the northern states which both starved and froze. People who made it to the camps died either of diseases such as Ebola or starved. Those left still remained in jeopardy as food was scarce, and the new crops were not even in the ground. Still there were signs the country was beginning to recover. Guys like Jerry Stine were organizing the people who could start production, put such things like the TVA hydro dams back in operation, revive manufacturing, and repair needed infrastructure such as transmission lines.
A few Gulf of Mexico oil wells and refineries were still producing they were key to keeping the fishing fleets operating and jump starting agriculture. They would provide the needed impetus to get things rolling.
There no longer existed a monetary system, currency, and even possessions were worthless, as food had become the bargaining chip and would remain so until once again it became plentiful and people could turn to other endeavors. At the present, everyone was engaged in some aspect of food or energy production. Thousands were engaged in tilling fields and planting crops by hand. It reminded me of the guy standing along side the road with the sign “Will Work for Food.” It was strange we had gone from the dominant capitalist society with everyone chasing the buck to a virtual collective overnight where the whole country was working only for something to fill their bellies.
It was hoped this spring there would be better success planting, and if the weather remained favorable, there would be more than enough to carry over throughout next winter. Florida and California's agriculture had been wiped out, and it was imperative to get farming in both states up and running as soon as possible. There wasn't enough diesel, transportation, or labor available yet to start full-scale production.
Livestock was another matter, herds had been wiped out even breeding stock, and it would take years before the herds of swine; beef and dairy cattle could be rebuilt and that hinged on whether breeding stock could even be found.
American cities lay abandoned filled with the remains of their inhabitants. The nation’s majestic skylines were now blights on the landscape with no one even wishing to venture into them. They were destined to stand as crumbling monuments to man's greatest folly. The railroads and interstate systems were a shambles; it was estimated to be another year before any of the major highways reopened. In the interim, the waterways would once again be used for the flow of commerce, followed by the railways, as both were able to move large amounts of goods and people with the least amount of energy.
After listening to the news Connie, and I agreed we were pretty well off, we already had a garden planted, and soon it would begin producing and we added to our livestock inventory at every opportunity. Sam brought our pig, it was a wild boar domestic cross we butchered it and had pork chops and roasts we had no way to salt and smoke the hams yet we managed to render enough lard from the lean carcass to fry up a couple of chickens. It took a concerted effort to sift the weevils from the flour we had left, still it was a great dinner weevils and all accompanied with canned green beans and a fresh salad wilted with hot vinegar, sugar, and Joyce’s homemade bacon bits.
It was a slow agonizing process people were still dying of hunger, disease or the complications from them. The human spirit was all that remained, where the Collapse had brought out the worst in people the recovery begin to show the resilience of the species along with their best qualities. Material goods so sought after before the Collapse were no longer of importance as they lay abandoned and free for the taking. People turned toward the only important things in life food, fuel and the means to produce both.
Life at Silver Glen was pleasant we had been alone except for the visits from Sam and Joyce. Connie and I were always as busy as pack rats scavenging for anything we felt would improve our lot. We had even begun erecting a credible greenhouse that would allow us to continue raising vegetables all next winter. Sam had brought over a drum of diesel; we managed to get a Kubota tractor going, and worked up almost an acre ready for the next crop. This time we would try growing potatoes from the tubers Sam found in a field near Pierson.
I had constructed a primitive irrigation system that ran off the solar panel system it would water the greenhouse and part of the garden. We had managed to repair and add more fences until now we had adequate pasture for the goats which through the help of Sam and Joyce had expanded to six; already there was a couple of kids and milk for coffee.
Connie had filled out and physically there was nothing outwardly to indicate the trauma she had undergone. Nonetheless, the mental scars lingered just below the surface, and at times, she still suffered survivor's guilt complex. I could relate to this for I had also survived while those, I considered superior to me, had perished. I chalked it up to the roll of the dice; we had been the winners in the game for survival. It was just the way things had turned out, and I saw no sense in beating ourselves up over it. I didn't believe we were spared through any divine intervention though I told Connie that maybe God had some plan in which we were to play a part. Most of the time we were happy and in our months together there hadn't been a cross word between us. We learned to draw on each others strengths and not dwell on weaknesses, in doing, so it had allowed our relationship to become a whole greater than the sum of it parts.
Bringing life back to its basic essentials had freed us to enjoy its simplicities, we worked, played, laughed, sang, and made love whenever the urge arose with more passion than I had ever known, afterwards laying together holding hands, content to bask in the afterglow.
The little O'day was serving us well, we sailed on the lake and ran our crab pots and trot lines, I had tried putting out a gill net, but a large gator had destroyed it. In retaliation Sam and I went hunting for the critters at night, Gator Sam lived up to his moniker, and we always brought back one or two. Sam provided us all with an ample supply wild meat; we added the vegetables and between us had more than enough to eat.
March rolled around it was hard to believe it had only been six months since the fall of civilization, and we had only been living at the Glen for three months, still we were the only couples on the lake preparing for our first summer.
It was early afternoon and extraordinary hot for this time of year Connie and I were working on the greenhouse when we heard the horn, I looked at her and said excitedly, “That’s something big like a towboat.”
We quickly got in the O'day and headed for the lake as we passed the manatee sign I scanned with the glasses and sure enough coming into the lake from the north was a towboat pushing a barge, as we got closer I told Connie, “That’s a coastguard buoy tender pushing a crane barge here have a look.”
 The tow stopped at one of the channel markers I raised the main and jib on the O'day so they could see us. Under sail and power we headed for the channel, another look through the glasses and I could read the name Hammer and see the Stars and Strips along with the Coast Guard Pennant fluttering in the moderate breeze, it took us almost an hour to come within hailing distance.
I shouted, “Ahoy Hammer permission to come alongside.”
The crew rushed to the rail like they had never seen a sailboat before then it dawned on me Connie was still wearing the skimpy T-back, and all eyes were on her.
She said, “I think I better go and put on something a little less revealing before I start a mutiny, those guys act like they've never seen a woman.”
I threw a line to one of the sailors, then helped Connie as willing hands reached over and hoisted her aboard, I stepped onto the deck of the little pusher and could feel the vibration of the diesels beneath my feet, for the first time since the whole thing began I felt I had once again joined civilization.
The captain came down from the bridge to meet us he was a handsome man all of six feet with slightly graying temples; I guessed to be in his late fifties. He wore a warm smile, and I could tell by his self-assured demeanor he was a people person and used to command. He introduced himself as Captain Allan Bright and invited us to follow him to the small wardroom. Behind us; some chief hollered, “Knock it off, shows over, back to work.”
We sat at the mess table and were asked if we would like something. I quickly asked, “Got any coffee going.”
The Captain said, “That's still a scarce item, but this makes a good excuse to put on a pot.” My heart sunk for I had hoped to beg a few pounds as Connie, and I had been nursing our dwindling supply and were down to making coffee on Sunday mornings only.
He must have picked up on my thinking or expression as he added, “There’s a shipment of coffee due in any day, I'm sure the next bunch through will be well stocked.”
I told him who we were and roughly what we had been doing to survive.
He said, “I'm impressed college professor gone native with his gal Friday shows the resourcefulness of the human spirit, I like a man who can think ahead.
”I asked, “What brings you guys down here?”
He said, “We're repairing the aids to navigation, barges will soon be operating from Jacksonville to Sanford bringing in people, fuel, and supplies. We’re setting up a number of fuel depots along the river and trying to get agriculture going in Central Florida.”
I asked, “What about the bridges Astor and Whitehair?”
“That's part of our mission to bring the bridges back into operation. We got one guy on board who's worked on them and were hoping to get the generators up and going. We had a helluva time with the railroad bridge this side of Palatka, took almost a week to get the damned thing open.”
I said, “The Bridge in Astor looks OK there’s a window out in the cab and no diesel, the generator looks fine,”
He asked, “What about the town anybody living there?”
I said, “We get there maybe once or twice a month but haven’t seen anybody, Sam, who lives across the lake, has explored the whole area but he didn't feel anybody has been there since the Collapse.”
Bright said, “Well we'll have to get in a couple of bridge tenders; say, you wouldn't be interested in the job would you? No pay for a while, but it comes with plenty of food, even coffee!”
I was tempted but said, “No we live out here on the lake and moving into town isn't an option, we have animals and crops to tend.”
He said, “Why don't you ride into town with us for a couple of days until we get the bridge going, it wouldn't hurt to have someone, local, learn how to run it just in case.”
I looked over at Connie it would mean one of us would have to stay at the Glen and look after the crops and livestock. We hadn't been separated from each other since the moment I had found her and the prospect of being apart even for a day or two seemed like a lifetime. My first contact with civilization had already begun pulling at our relationship.
I said, “I appreciate your offer, but I won't leave this young lady to fend for herself. Connie and I are a team in every sense of the word, and we’ve been two people creating and living in our own world. Modern civilization failed us both and I won't let it happen again. Tell you what; I'm willing to meet you halfway. If you’ve got some extra gas on board, we'll be happy to boat in for the next few days, it's only an eleven-mile trip.”
He said, “Fair enough, I understand where you're coming from I lost most of my family those that are left have become very special to me, I think when you start meeting survivors you'll find attitudes about how life should be lived have changed dramatically.”
Connie and I spent the next three days commuting to the bridge; we watched as the diesel generator was serviced and started. It was strange yet exciting to see the bridge all lit up again the gates comedown and then the bridge after some coaxing slowly open. Both Connie and I were instructed on all aspects of its operation; the window was boarded up and measurements taken for a replacement panel.
Captain Bright told us, “It’ll be another week or two before were back this way, you got a working VHF?”
I said, “Yeah, a couple, and also an Icom SSB.”
He said, “I'll write down the frequency, contact us at 1800 hours, and I'll keep you informed of our progress. You can listen on VHF 22, but you won't be able to get back as we don't have any repeaters working on the river, tell you what lets just stick to SSB for now, I'll tell them to keep an ear out for you.”
We said goodbye and from the long last looks, Connie received from the crew it was apparent she at least was going to be missed. I contacted the Hammer every evening they had Whitehair working then the railroad bridge by I-4 and in little over a week they were back on the lake.
This time we brought Sam and Joyce, with us to meet the Hammer. Captain Bright told us he would make sure to place our names on the list, and we could start drawing supplies when the barges began to run. He said there were still shortages of many things but that more types of food stuffs were becoming available every day and hopefully by next year there would be barge loads of stuff going both ways.
Captain Bright was good at drawing out information there were times when it felt like I was being interrogated. When he satisfied himself that we had pretty much been wrung dry of any useful information, he looked over at me and said,” So Dr. Collins you have a hundred ton Masters with a towing endorsement, in the current state of affairs that pretty much qualifies you to drive a supertanker. I don't know where we can use you yet, but I'll work on finding something interesting for you and your first mate.”
That evening after dinner I said, “Connie we've had a good few months we haven’t cured cancer or done anything exceptional that will place our names in the annals of history, but still it's been damn good, if not pure bliss, God honey how I love you. I’m so afraid now civilization is on the move again it's only a matter of time before were caught up in it and torn apart. On the other hand, it’s not right for me to keep you. You deserve someone your own age to have a family with, instead of watching me grow old and decrepit…”
She cut me off, “Before you get into your fatherly act and wallow in martyrdom let me have my say, I haven’t told you, it didn't seem necessary but maybe I should have… I can't have kids. I had problems when I was nineteen with my ovaries it ended with me having my tubes tied…. No! It’s irreversible. As for the old part I would rather stick around and watch you fall apart then even contemplate life without you.
Yes, I'll probably outlive you, so what! In the time, we have together we can still pack in a lifetime of living. I love you GW, I believe our paths were meant to cross. I know you think it’s corny, but I have no doubt it was our destiny, now let’s drop the subject and never bring it up again. We’ve got no idea how long or short our lives will be, so let’s just get on with living them. I have one more let’s to add, let’s not get caught up in the rat race again, I was so relieved and proud of you when you declined Captain Bright’s offer and refused to go to Astor without me.”
Connie got to her feet and said, “Come here you dear old man let this youngster give you some good old fashioned loving.”
As we embraced our mouths pressed together tongues intertwined, I loosened her shorts they slid down long silky legs as I caressed her curves from waist to thigh, she in turn loosened mine, and they joined the crumpled heap on the deck. Our bodies touched hands caressing as our passion grew in intensity until we joined becoming one. As always happened in her arms, I felt the years melt away as the heat of passion surged through me. Yes, with a little luck we would pack a lifetime into whatever time we had left to us.
****
Chapter Five The Colonists
The river had been quiet since the Hammer disappeared behind Drayton Island, I checked the bridge about once a week and made sure the generator was in working order and remained in contact with Mayport, twice a week via the single side band.
In early April, they advised me there would be traffic on the river but it was only after several delays the group left Jacksonville. When the boats departed Palatka I was asked to check in every couple of hours and if possible to leave the VHF tuned to 16. Word eventually arrived that they had passed through the railroad bridge and were headed our way.
We rounded up Sam, and Joyce then headed to the bridge. About one o’clock they called and said they were coming through the Jetties, I didn't have to worry about traffic, so I went ahead and raised the bridge.
We had expected maybe one or two boats and possibly a barge, but there was a line of towboats pushing barges and a large ferry its decks crammed with people. They came through the bridge and tied up along both sides of the river; Connie closed the bridge, and we went to meet the new arrivals. As we stepped out onto the bridge walkway, a guy shouted from the east bank, “Over here.” We walked across the bridge and down the steps to the dock. The officer, who appeared to be in charge, said, “Captain Collins, come aboard.”
I stopped for a second, I had been called Doctor, Professor, and a number of things which don't bear repeating along with just plain mister, but had never been called captain, for a second or two I was taken aback, but felt it had a nice ring to it. Captain George, Captain Collins then I remembered a movie I had seen with a character named Captain Ron, and it made me chuckle. As I came aboard, I instinctively saluted the flag then remembered and caught myself as I was about to salute the deck officer, instead turned and helped Connie on board. We walked up and shook hands. He said, “I’m Commander Tom Hunt; this is my little flotilla and were about to bring your town back to life, well about twenty people worth for now.”
I asked, “How come Astor?”
He said, “Its right on the river, small, and centrally located with road access to Ocala west and Daytona east, these little river towns were important back in the day and their time has come again, you might say we’re resettling the country almost the way it was first settled.”
There was a flurry of activity all afternoon as vehicles were unloaded at the public ramp and trailers filled with various supplies. Commander Hunt asked Sam if he would act as a guide and show them around town as there was no one familiar with the area. Sam was watching the unloading of supplies, especially the 55-gallon drums of gasoline and diesel; he quickly took Commander Hunt up on the offer. I remarked, “Sam better be careful, they'll make you mayor if you don't watch out.”
We met with the people who were going to stay in Astor most were young couples glad for any chance to escape the filthy, overcrowded, and disease ridden camps. We listened to their stories of the Collapse and the horrible conditions in the camps where thousands died each day. We then filled them in on the facts about Astor, telling them what it had once been like. Still they had their work cutout, moving into a run-down town with no functioning electricity, water or sewer system. They were going to have to build back its infrastructure or face the same wretched conditions as those who had manned Fort Butler in 1838.
Astor had nothing to profit from, so they were basically going to remain on the dole for a while. I was sure the town would eventually come back over time and maybe once again become the bass fishing capital it once was. Connie had kept her biologist eye on the river and lake and would often remark about the changes she was witnessing.
We were invited to stay over for supper but begged off promising to come back in the morning. I had caught Connie glancing at the motel and the room in which she had been held captive, I could tell it had stirred memories in her, I held her hand tightly as we walked over the bridge to the O'day. When we reached the boat there was a sack on the dock with a note attached, it from Captain Allan Bright, the sack contained five pounds of roasted coffee beans, the note read.
George,
This will help keep you on your toes until I can find you a command, all my best to you and Connie.
Allan Bright
Connie asked, “What do you suppose he means?”
“I haven’t the slightest, I hardly know the man but he acts like we've been buddies for years. How would you like to take a cruise on a supertanker?”
She said, “You’re not serious, I think the world of you but honestly I just can't see you in blue with gold stripes guiding a gigantic ship into some harbor.”
I said, “Don't worry; they have harbor pilots for that and besides you'll get to wear blue with gold stripes too.”
She said, “OK Captain Collins take your first mate home and I'll put on the coffee pot, I don't care if it keeps us up all night, we'll find something to do.”
The next morning we began to show a group of the colonists (as we had begun to refer to them) everything we knew about the bridge and spent all morning wearing out the cogs and bearings, afterward, we had lunch and met some of the people who were headed for Sanford.
They like the ones who were settling in Astor were anxiously looking forward to a new life. These were kids that last year were surfing the net, texting or playing games on their X-Boxes, now they were talking about raising crops, repairing, infrastructure, and the perils of the unknown which lay before them.
The conversation was interrupted by something which hadn't been heard in years, the sound of a chainsaw accompanied by a lawnmower, after living in a quiet world it was ear wrenching. Both Connie and begged off, said goodbye, and quickly hurried across the bridge away from the offending noise, I said, “I guess it's not too bad if you're the one using it.”
She answered, “I'm never going to push one of those damn things again, I'll live with the weeds.”
We hung around the colonists for a week and almost every evening left with a boat load of things which had been denied us like flour with no weevils, cooking oil, cheese, even a jar of pickles, and a sack of seed potatoes along with another precious commodity, soap.
Among the colonists, was a young couple Cathy and James Cornett, we’d talked with them at length and had found them to be very agreeable. Connie invited them out to the Glen for the weekend. They immediately fell in love with it; both had farming backgrounds, and eagerly volunteered to help us plant seed potatoes.
We spent the weekend planting potatoes, talking gardening, greenhouses, and livestock while enjoying the Glen. We shared our views about what we felt had gone wrong and what we hoped the future would look like. On the way back from taking them to Astor I said, “Connie they’re a couple of great kids, what say we groom them to look after the place for us. I got a hunch were going to be traveling pretty soon, I’d like to keep this as our home, somewhere we can always run back to if we find we don't like the outside world. If it does come down to stay or go, I'll let you make the final decision.”
She also had given it thought and said, “GW were about the happiest couple I've ever seen, God knows why, on all accounts we shouldn't be, maybe its because things were so terrible we didn’t have any other choice, but to learn to get along.
“I can't imagine life any other way; I feel whatever we share between us is strong enough to weather any storm. The Glen has been our private world, and I'll have regrets if we leave but just knowing we can come back gives me comfort.
“When I was a little and something scared me, I would hide in the hall closet, I always felt safe in the dark among all the coats and stuff, eventually I outgrew it but even when I was in college just knowing the closet was there to hide in was enough to give me piece of mind. I think of the Glen in the same way, it's a place where I'll always feel safe.
“I'll follow you to the ends of the earth, but one thing we have to agree on, promise me the minute either of us says Come on it's time to go home, the other makes no argument just says lets go. Agreed?”
I said, “Agreed.” I reached across the cockpit we shook hands then sealed it with a kiss.
The new Colonists were busy; in the weeks that followed they searched the town and had given any remains proper burials. Houses, that were too rundown or damaged were systematically burnt and cleaned up. The best cars, trucks, and boats were placed in garages or under carports the junkers were stacked in a field to be recycled at some future date. Plans were in place and equipment was arriving to set up a temporary power plant. I was relieved for Connie's sake as one of the first things that had been done wast to  raze the old motel. There was now a large crane on the spot and the lot was strewn with containers and supplies.
Across the river, I was surprised to see the work going on at the old Black Water Inn; it had suffered vandalism as well as storm damage and had many of the large windows missing. The glass had all been cleaned up, and the inside swept clean. Sam and I wandered in and sat down at the old bar, we looked out from the dark interior at the bright river and reminisced about the old days when the restaurant had been in its heyday and boasted one of the best views of the river and bridge.
I had kept my boat here for several years back when I had lived in Gainesville, coming to the river was almost an every weekend thing, after my divorce I buried myself in my work and spent much more time in the field, still I had fond memories of weekends spent frolicking here, or in the Glen.
I said, “Christ Sam it’s still unbelievable all this shit happened, I wonder how long it's going to take before they’re giving out tickets and patrolling the no wake zones?”
Sam said, “I hope, never.”
I said, “I hope they never get the frigging government up and running again, the first thing, they need to do, is burn all of the fucking law books and start over. Hell it was laws and overpopulation that bred crime to begin with, the Government taking over every aspect of people's lives, and so called pissy-assed experts telling everyone how to raise the their kids and ramming all that phony political correctness crap down our throats. What a crock of shit we were living in.
“Christ we were right in the middle of Orwell’s 1984 and didn't even realize it. Sam look at those kids out there working their asses off attempting to build a better life, that's humankind at its best. If we’ve learned anything, it's to keep our numbers down to the point where we can’t have an adverse impact on nature. At least these kids won't have to grow up with some asshole trying to make them feel guilty about every frigging breath they take.”
“Shit, Sam if you were to drag a manatee in here for dinner tonight they'd give you a seat at the head of the table a few years ago you'd been thrown in jail. Now this is the way it should be, live free and die like you want, I know you'll agree with that.”
Sam slapped the bar, “Hell yes get up in the morning and do what you want but knowing what you want better be something you can eat for supper.”
Connie and Joyce came in through the open holes where the windows had been. Connie said, “I used to eat here, there was a little fish pond over by the fireplace, and at one time a stuffed Indian and a cat or something.”
Sam gave Joyce a quick kiss and said, “I got to get back to work and show these Pilgrims what to do, it's turning into a full-time job. GW you won't believe what they did! They set an old trailer on fire yesterday over on Hyacinth; it got away from them and damned near burned down every house on the canal. They got a couple of nice Cat loaders, but nobody except me and Dave know how to run em.”
Sam had waded right in; he had the needed skills, and these had propelled him in just a few days to the position of straw boss, I could tell he was enjoying it. Now that there was gasoline available he had acquired a jeep and was back to being Gator Sam, though he still joked and cut up I couldn’t help, but notice he had acquired an air of seriousness and authority. When he left I told Connie, “Old Sam’s right in his element, I was joking the other day about him becoming mayor, but I think he already has.”
Cathy and Jim began visiting us often and brought along some of the other colonists; our little garden was beginning to turn into a regular farm and was being expanded to meet the needs of the new population.
Soon there were regular work parties, with an emphasis on work and party, for the groups would splash and play in the springs after toiling in the gardens or greenhouse.
I told Connie, “There's just some spots on earth that are natural to life and the springs here is one of them, old Ponce de Leon was looking all over hell's creation for the fountain of youth and completely passed up the fountain of life. Connie were standing in what is probably the closest thing to Eden there is on earth and instead of taking it for what it is, we’re always looking for some unknown place of nirvana that doesn't exist except in our imaginations. I'm tempted to tell Allan Bright we’re just going to stay here. I could spend the rest of my life in this one spot and have no regrets, how about you?”
She said, “It has been almost like heaven, hasn't it.”
With all the help available I took the opportunity to rig the Hunter, step the mast and reeve new running rigging, we careened and scrubbed the bottom and painted it. Connie and I cleaned and stowed away the clutter that occurs in small sailboat cabins; I went through the fuel system and changed the impeller in the raw water pump.
We sat on the front deck of the houseboat watching the Hunter gently swinging and tugging on her anchor rode looking once again like a sailboat.
I said, “Surreal looks ready for adventure, but I'm not sure I am, whatever Allan comes up with is going to have to be awfully damn good to get my ass on that thing and head out of here.”
Once or twice a week tows came through the lake bringing fuel, people, and machinery, there were growing signs of human activity along the river, even a few fishermen across the lake living in George Town; they had begun shipping fish and crabs on the northbound boats. I had almost forgotten the note from Allan Bright deciding it had just been just a bunch of hot air, then one day Jim and Cathy brought us a letter, it was from Captain Bright asking us to come to Mayport for a meeting at the end of the month.
Connie and I discussed it, and we both came to an agreement to go but not without some trepidation at leaving our little world. We asked Jim and Cathy if they would consent to stay at the Glen and take over for us, they jumped at the opportunity.
That night I told Connie, “Well kid I guess this is it, I hope we’re ready for prime time.”
****

Chapter Six Mayport and the Pirates
Connie and I debated whether to catch a ride on one of the tows or packet boats, but decided we would take the Hunter. It would be a leisurely two-day trip, and we could partake of our time together without being thrust in amongst a bunch of passengers. We loaded more than enough fuel and brought along a plastic drum to use in case we had to fill it with water and heel the boat in order to get under the bridge at Green Cove Springs. We were 47 feet from the waterline to the top of the mast, the bridge clearance was 45 feet and even at low mean water and tide it would be close, I had helped a buddy bring his boat through years ago it was also 47-feet and the bridge had sheared off the wind vane.
We weighed anchor, made our way out of paradise, this time the channel was well marked, and I didn't hit bottom once. I looked at the GPS and it's blank screen, this was one of the modern marvels I most missed. GPS to a mariner had been like the invention of sliced bread but it was going to be next year before it again went into operation, until then it was back to paper charts and dead reckoning.
We putted along enjoying the scenery, but as we approached Welaka, I noticed Connie becoming, increasingly, agitated, finally, she said, “GW the house is a few miles ahead, I'm sorry I waited until the last minute, but I have a list of some things I want you to try and find. I can't go with you; I can never go back there. My family’s remains… I didn't think it was going to affect me this much, but I can't help shaking.”
I said, “You sure you want to stop, let’s just go on.”
She said, “No I have nothing tangible of my family, nothing at all, they're some albums and stuff if you can find them it.’ll mean a lot to me.” In a while, she pointed ahead to a decrepit, dock, and I slowly motored over and tied off to one of the pilings.
I said, “I'll make it as quick as I can.”
I noticed she had the pistol out and was fingering it nervously. I added, “Hang in there kid, just don't get trigger happy and shoot me.”
As a precaution, I strapped on the 357 although I was sure the only things, I was going to encounter, were bushes and maybe a four legged varmint or snake.
I went ashore, Connie said, “Call Skipper take him with you.”
I hollered for Skipper; he jumped in and swam over to me, then shook. I had to chop my way to the house using the machete; Skipper tramping in the bushes ahead, nature had been doing a good job reclaiming her domain. I hacked my way through wax myrtles and weeds toward the back porch. Skipper growled, then barked; I looked up and froze there just a few feet in front of me on a vine strangled metal post was a human skull with tufts of blond hair still attached, its hollow eye sockets staring directly at me. I knew from what Connie had told me it undoubtedly belonged to her younger sister Vickie, and a wave of nausea swept over me.
I had made a career out of digging up remains, they had been ancient and anonymous, this skull was different, it had belonged to a vivacious twenty year old women who had begged and pleaded for her life as she was savagely raped, tortured, then methodically butchered alive just for the sake of her meat. I muttered damn you bastards to hell and felt rage building within in me. I passed by the macabre object, ordered Skipper to stay, and entered the back door.
The house had been empty for several months yet one look at the manner of disarray and I could tell it had been a house of terror as it exuded an air of malevolence and though it was stiflingly hot I felt a cold chill ran through me.
I quickly made my way through the rooms to the places Connie had directed me, and found the two albums and jewelry box along with most of the other items. On the floor by the bed was a picture frame lying face down I picked it up and turned it over, looking back at me was a happy smiling family with Connie at the center in her graduation gown. I placed the objects in a pillowcase remembering that day when Skinny held my pillowcase in his grubby murderous hand, I cursed them both again, coming to this house had made Connie's nightmare mine.
I walked out the back door; Skipper had what appeared to be a human femur in his mouth. I said, “Skipper drop that, right now.”
I sat the pillowcase down, picked up the bone, and quickly went over to an open spot in the yard. I dug a hole with the machete and my hands, and then carefully placed in the femur. I removed the skull from the post, and with all the gentleness I could muster placed it next to the femur, and covered them up. I felt the least I could do was to give these vestiges of Connie's family the respect and courtesy they hadn't received in life.
When I had finished, I stood for a moment, then said. “Dear Victoria Parker, if there is a God, I know he has surely taken you to his bosom, all I can do is apologize on behalf of humanity for the suffering inflicted on you by those vile monsters.”
Skipper and I made our way back to the boat; I handed Connie what had been collected. She noticed my tense expression and asked, “What is it, what did you find?”
I said, “Everything’s fine honey, let's get going, this place has a creepy feeling about it, I'll cast off you run the boat.”
That evening we anchored off the old Gibson Dry Dock; Connie had the albums out going through them. They had been a fine looking family, and I couldn't help being moved by the pictures of Vickie. I had only known her as the skull I had buried, and the thought, that the ground, I had walked on earlier, was littered with the bones of these people disturbed me greatly.
I made no mention of finding the skull, but that night as we lay in the V berth I held Connie my ear pressed to her breast listening to her heartbeat and soft breathing. Laying there wide awake I desperately needed to hold and feel her warmth in my arms. I thought the day, I had found her, had truly been the best day of my life.
By late morning, we reached Green Cove Springs Bridge we waited for low tide and just managed to squeak through even though the perspective from the deck gave the illusion the mast would hit halfway above the spreaders. I had hoped to make it in two days but we decided not to push it and to layover just south of Jacksonville and go through town at slack water then pick up the outgoing tide which should bring us into Mayport by early afternoon at the latest.
Going through Jacksonville was eerie the once bustling city strangely quiet, deserted and forlorn I could see why people were so loath to return to such places as they were now monuments to the dead, destined to become the relics for some future generation of archeologists to explore.
I had been worried about the drawbridges, but they were raised we chugged along past vessels sunk and half sunk and it wasn't until we came to the port that there was any sign of life. Three ships were in the process of unloading, and we passed another being shepherded along with the help of two tugs.
I had expected this stretch of the river to be deserted, but there were vessels of every description, some at anchor others rafted together and it was like following a street. I called Mayport on the VHF and told them we were Surreal and requested directions to a berth, at first I had some trouble until. I said, “This is Captain George Collins I am coming at the request of Captain Allan Bright.”
The voice said, “Captain Collins, what is your current position and what type vessel are you?”
I said, “Were just coming abreast the intra coastal at mile point, we are a 30-foot Hunter sloop.”
He asked, “Is that a sailboat?”
I said, “That’s affirmative.”
He said, “Are you under power or sail sir?”
I said, “Both at present.”
He said, “Stand by Surreal.”
A few minutes went by.
“Surreal please proceed to the entrance Mayport basin a launch will meet you at the security net and escort you in.” 
As we approached the security barrier, a gray Navy launch appeared a voice on the radio said, “Captain Collins, please follow me.”
I replied, “We can only make four knots.”
The voice said, “That’s fine sir, we'll wait on you.”
We followed the launch into the packed basin; it seemed every ship in the United States Navy was here rafted together packed in like sardines. We passed the giant aircraft carrier George Washington, it made the Hunter seem like a toy in a bathtub the mast reaching less than halfway to the flight deck we reached a clear spot but the side of the pier was almost at spreader height.
The voice on the radio said, “Sir, it might be better if you anchored off for present, I'll stand by to take you ashore when you’re ready, Captain Bright has been informed and is expecting you.”
He got no argument from me; the pier walls would certainly damage the Hunters hull and rigging, and I didn't relish Connie and me climbing the slippery rungs in the wall. We dropped and set the anchor there must have been close to fifty of feet of water as I put out almost two hundred feet of rode before I was satisfied the ground tackle would hold, I signaled the launch and it came alongside and took us aboard.
The Ensign said, “I'm sorry sir; Captain Bright didn't expect you to arrive by private yacht. I'll make arrangements to get you into a proper berth tomorrow if that’s alright with you.”
I nodded; the launch headed to shore, and I thought what in the hell am I getting into. I glanced over at Connie and almost hoped she would lean over and whisper in my ear, “George its time to go home.”
We reached the landing there was a car waiting; the Ensign jumped to open the door, we were driven around to the administration building and ushered down hallways until we came to the office with Capt. Allan Bright Commander South East District stenciled on the door.
We entered, and I said, “Captain Collins to see Captain Bright.”
The secretary knocked on the door and said, “Sir, Captain Collins is here.”
I heard Allan say, “Thanks, Sherry, send him in.”
Allan got up came around the desk and said, “Come in Captain Collins, or would you prefer Doctor?”
I said, “I been Doctor for ever, captain makes me feel all new and shiny.”
He laughed, came over and shook hands and with a wave of his hand invited us to sit.
“George, I'm sorry, I've gotten you here under false pretenses, I had my sights set to get you on as a river pilot or something but in doing some checking. I discovered you’ve made quite a name for yourself over the years. You’ve published a number of papers, and a couple of spreads in National Geographic, along with a series on the History channel. What drew my interest were the papers you did on the Theory of Man thing and that tirade on The State of Affairs. Understand you caught a lot of flack over those, forced you into early retirement. Well, it turned out in the end you got it pretty much right, but I'm sure you're not reveling in your vindication.
“I decided maybe it would be a good idea to kick your name upstairs and they were surprisingly quick to ask me to invite you up for the meeting day after tomorrow. I'll give it to you a nutshell, losing over two-thirds of the population in a year has everybody running shit scared. Hell people are still dying; by the time it all is sorted out, they’ll probably be less than 50 million of us Americans left. 
This symposium is an attempt to find ways to straighten out this mess. The best minds left are meeting to come up with a new plan that will keep something like this from repeating in another hundred years or so.
“For once, you'll find everything’s on the table, ‘nuts, guts, and feathers; some of the proposals are downright radical that’s why I'd like you to throw your hat in the ring. There aren’t many gray hairs in the bunch which makes you an elder, take advantage of it and if you have any anything to add now’s the best time to do it while your stars at its zenith. I think these guys are ready to listen, at least they realize now the way we’ve been doing things, doesn't work.
“It's a brave new world out there, nature's given us another chance and it's up to us to get it right this time. With some luck, we can get rid of a lot the crap we've been saddled with for the last few thousand years and set things to rights.”
I said, “Jesus, I thought, Connie and I were coming up here to catch a ride on a super tanker or something. Hell, I haven’t even thought about making policy, it was all the policy crap got us into this mess in the first place. If I understand you correctly, it sounds like you're getting ready to declare war on religion and go head-to-head with the Pope, Ayatollahs and everybody else.
“I agree; old time religion is outdated, but blindly attacking it is the wrong way to go, and it’s not going to work. I’ve modified many of my views since I wrote the original article. I attacked religion but have since come to believe we are endued with an innate sense of spiritualism. We are born religious creatures, and it's a non-starter to deny it. If you think, I'm going to take them all on head-to-head you're barking up the wrong tree.”
Bright said, “George don't pull that reluctant crap, you were trying to radically change policy when you came out with that Man the Extension of Nature crap, you felt strongly enough about it to put your career on the line. Now you have a willing audience, and you want to back off. Look, stick it out for a week, put your two bits worth in then you and Connie can high-tail it back to the lake.”
I said, “If anything’s going to change, it has to be done in such a way people can get their arms around it. There has to be something in it to fulfill the basic spiritual need we all harbor within us. The minute you start trampling on people's beliefs the more entrenched they become. The best that can happen is someone will ignite a new spark and hopefully it will grow into a fire.”
Allan said, “Your right, that’s why I wanted you here I'm glad you came. By the way, in all my digging, I came across your old service records, took them almost a month to get here, Seems you’ve been holding out on me, NROTC, active duty during Nam and all those years in the reserves. I can do a lot better for you than a river pilot. I took the liberty of putting you in for a commission, damn good thing you like that title captain.
We're so shorthanded right now it’s pathetic, all of our resources are going toward feeding the population and the armed forces no longer exist except on paper. I can't even fly a helicopter, no jet fuel, maybe in a year or so we'll be back in business. Right now, we got ships and boats laid up all over the place; I couldn't even get you into a berth. You saw the basin, looks like a junkyard, all front line ships, and not enough fuel or provisions to get even one of them to sea, and it's a helluva lot worse in the rest of the country.
“The Coast Guard and Army Corp of Engineers are the kings for the moment, it's usually the other way round the Navy taking us over in times of crisis but as this is a national emergency of the first magnitude, we've had all the available resources dumped in our laps. Hell there isn't any international threats at the moment; everyone’s too busy with their own problems to harass their neighbors. Think of it, world peace for the first time, not one war going on anywhere.
“Look, you need some time to get settled in, if you like, I can arrange quarters for you and Connie.”
I said, “We've never spent a night together on dry ground, thanks, but I think we'll pass, at least until tomorrow when we get the Hunter squared away.”
I looked over at Connie she had sat listening intently and hadn't made a comment.
I said, “I think Connie, and I are going to need a little time to chew on this.”
He said, “I can understand, all this coming at once must be overwhelming, your welcome to stay for dinner and meet some of the others, if not I'll have a gig take you back.”
I said, “Thanks, I don't want you to think were being antisocial, but we really have to mull on this and besides we don't have anything civilized to wear to dinner anyway.”
He said, “Take the night off, and think it over, we'll get you situated tomorrow, my wife will be more than happy to help Connie get outfitted.”
On the ride back to the boat I asked Connie, “What do you think… we could slip out of here tonight and be halfway back to Palatka by morning?”
She said, “It’s tempting but what Captain Bright says makes sense. GW, this is a pivotal point in human history, if there’s a chance of making a difference it’s worth a try.
“You never told me you published any papers on the subject, but they must have impressed the hell out of somebody. Go to these meetings and have your say, and when we go home, you'll feel like maybe you have paid your dues, as I told you before I believe in destiny. Don't worry about me; we've stood shoulder to shoulder throughout this whole damn thing if I have to share you with the rest of the world for a little while I know there's always going to be enough left over for me.”
I said, “Those papers were never meant for publication, it was a screwed up time in my life, and I wrote them out of frustration, just to vent my anger about what all was going on. One of my grad students, snooping through my desk came across them and the bastard plastered them all over the net, the only thing, they accomplished, was to ruin my career. I don’t know how in the hell Bright came across them, but I wish he hadn’t.”
The launch dropped us off and the Ensign said, “Captain Collins they'll have a berth open for you by 0800 we'll come by and escort you in, if you need anything just contact us on VHF-16, have a good evening sir.” He saluted, and the gig pulled away.
After supper, we chatted, and I said, “I really don't know what to expect I guess just play it by ear. I feel like I'm being swept along in a strong current the best thing, to do for now, is to go with the flow. Hell honey I don't even know if I'm going into the Coast Guard or back in the Navy.
Connie said, “It's been a revealing day, first the papers and then finding out you were in the Navy and an officer at that!”
I said, “I don't go around advertising it. The Navy put me through school I had dues to pay, it just so happened to coincide with a controversial war. I've always had mixed feelings about it; I was proud to serve my country, on the one hand, I didn't like dealing with buddies I felt died for no good reason. It was hard enough teaching at a liberal school without reminding them I was once considered a baby killer, besides it was a long time ago.”
She asked, “What were you in the Navy?”
I said, “Engineering mostly, a stint in gunnery for a while.”
She said, “No I meant what rank?”
I said, “Came out into the reserves a lieutenant.”
“Was that good?”
“Some guys thought so, but I always felt like I was caught in the middle. The job came with a lot of responsibility, folks below had a tendency to hate you because you’re the one dishing it out, while those on top shoved all their problems on you and expected you to make them go away, you’re always on your toes, catching it from both sides. It’s supposed to give you the right mindset and prepare you to assume command. Let’s just say it wasn't a happy time for an introvert.
“God, I sure hope we’re not getting in over our heads. Kid, if you even catch a whiff of anything smelly in all of this, drag my ass out of here and back to the Glen.”
That night we made unadulterated, love our passion for each other a constant in an ever-changing world.
The gig arrived right on time; a young sailor came aboard and hauled in the anchor. I made no objection as I had been looking with trepidation toward pulling in all that rode and the big CQR. He directed us to a floating dock and into a slip much more suited to the needs of the small sailboat. Skipper, who had learned to pee over the lifelines like a pro, had been holding his bowels and was eagerly looking forward to dry land.
Allan and his wife Doris were there to meet us, after introductions Allan said, “George we might as well get the ball rolling, Doris will take Connie shopping and we'll meet back up for lunch.” He looked at his watch and said, “Let’s say late lunch two o’clock.”
The driver dropped Allan, and I off and whisked the two women away before I could say goodbye to Connie.
Allan said, “let's get you processed and into uniform.”
I said, “I hate to appear naïve, but just what in the hell am I going to be anyway?”
He answered, “A captain in the United States Coast Guard by the time we walk out of here.”
“I said, “How in the hell did you swing something like that?”
He said, “Well, it's usually done through the Direct Commission Officer program, things are a little screwed up at the moment, just say I went about fig-niggling a few strings…. Still it's on the up and up.” He added, “Don't worry you’re not going to be shanghaied, and sent halfway around the world; you and Connie will be reunited by lunch.”
After a whirlwind morning of filling out forms, being prodded, poked, and sworn In, I emerged dressed in dazzling summer whites. The military bearing which I had acquired and lost all those years before seemed to slip on as easily as did the uniform, I felt myself standing just a tad bit straighter and as we walked down the hall and I saluted for the first time I thought, you know it's true, the uniform does make the man. We were finished just in time to meet the ladies for lunch.
The car pulled up and Connie stepped out, I felt my breath involuntarily suck in, standing before me was the prettiest green eyed blond I had ever seen, her lithe body sheathed in a smart summer frock. I looked her over, from her newly done up hair to the high heels. I stood taking in the vista in front of me; both of us stood transfixed staring as if seeing each other for the very first time.
Finally, I could resist no longer, walked over and gave her a kiss, in all our time together we had never seen each other dressed up.
I said, “Honey you literally took my breath away.”
She said, “Mine as well, you look so wonderfully military.”
Allan said, “Come on guys, you can admire each other and strut your stuff while I'm introducing you to some of the people you’re going to be working with.”
Allan had been right, there was hardly a gray hair in the bunch most seemed as young as high school kids, the Collapse had taken its heaviest toll on the baby boom generation, and it along with all its problems had faded into history. Allan shuffled us from one group to another stopping for a just a perfunctory introduction and handshake.
Connie glided along shaking hands and smiled at all the right times, totally at ease as if she had been doing it all her life. It was the first time I had the opportunity to witness her at a social event, and I was truly impressed. I also noticed she studied some individuals more than others as if sizing them up.
At lunch, Allan said, “I have bios on everybody attending I'll get them to you, so you have some idea of who you are dealing with, their qualifications and views. I don't think there’s anyone in this bunch that has worked together so it's open season, I'm sure by the end of the week they’ll be more than one alliance formed. I took the liberty to make a note on those most likely to agree with your points of view but don't take it to the bank.”
Allan looked over at Connie and said, “I was watching you young lady; you’ve got a sharp mind behind that pretty face. George, turn Connie loose in the middle of that bunch, and I guarantee she'll have the draft of every one them by the end of the evening.”
I said, “Allan why are you digging so deep into this thing anyway?”
“He said, “I read your papers; can't say I agree with all of it but there was enough good stuff that it struck a chord. It convinced me that maybe it’s time for us to look at life from a different perspective, throw out a lot of the excess baggage we have collected as humans and start again with what we now know to be fact. The human race has grown up we no longer need pretend bedtime stories, what happened was a reality check, it had very little to do with God and everything to do with human nature, just as you said.
“I guess I’m guilty to the extent of trying to use you as my vehicle, but dammit, now’s the time, there aren’t enough Muslims left in the Middle East to get up a soccer match, what nuclear war didn't wipe out famine did. Religions the world over have been brought to their knees, it's time to clobber them before a new generation becomes infected with their stale old ideas.
“We're spiritual beings, but I believe as you say it originates from nature not some mysterious cosmic entity. I'm sorry George, a senior captain in the United States Coast Guard should stick to only those things in his line of duty, but I watched the whole of civilization come apart like a cardboard box in a tornado. I also feel I have an obligation as a human being to do something to keep it from happening again. When this meeting was announced it all came together, I used some pull and here we are.”
I listened closely and felt relieved by what Allan had just said.
“Allan thanks, what you told me clears up a lot of the doubts I had, I wasn't entirely sure this wasn't going to be some kind of military coup. I apologize I had it all wrong. I had this nagging suspicion you were buttering me up to be some kind of figurehead or something, I no longer doubt your sincerity and you can count on me being on board, get those bios to me and I'll start working on them.
“I have no doubt it's all going to come down to a battle of wills and as they say, a man convinced against his will is of the same opinion still, I don't know what I can do, but I'll strike while the irons hot. Seeing these young kids, I doubt if I make any kind of impression, hell half of them will probably place bets on whether I'm going to croak on the podium.”
As we walked out after lunch, I pulled Allan aside and asked, “Where does a guy find wedding rings these days?”
He smiled and said, “No problem the base commissary will fix you right up.”
The driver dropped Connie off at the boat I made the excuse I had an errand to run; Connie said it was all right she was going to try on clothes.
I said, “Be back in a jiffy.”
The driver took me to the commissary; I looked through the meager selection of engagement rings and managed to find one I liked, tried it on my little finger and knew it would fit Connie; I signed for it and hurried back to the boat.
In my absence, the bios had been dropped off, and Connie already had them spread out and was reading through them. She said, “Some of these are impressive, but I think there might be a couple of bad apples in the bunch.”
I said, “There usually is, your going to the meeting with me tomorrow they got you down as my assistant so you'll have all day to size them up, don't forget were having dinner with the Bright’s.”
She said, “You old fox, I didn't know you were harboring any doubts… so that’s why you've been so antsy ever since we decided to come. Did you really think there was some grand conspiracy afoot?”
I said, “I wasn't sure what was afoot, leastways nothing I was going to put into words, if I had, you’d been the first to know.”
We had a convivial dinner with the Bright’s; afterward Allan and I chatted on the porch,
I asked Allan, “I'm curious as to why a captain is heading up the whole show; I figured they would at least have a two star running the base?”
“George Its, a long story, just say I was in the wrong place at the right time, and yes I'm only a senior captain, they tried to make me everything including grand poo-bah. I turned it down, didn't want to ride around with my flag following me and a bunch of staff tripping over each other, licking my boots, kissing my ass, and generally getting in the way of things.
“As it is, I can do what I want, when I want, and how I want, stay low key and not intimidate my underlings… that is unless I really want to. I only answer to the president otherwise I'm he who must be obeyed. I like the rank of captain it's best for getting things done yet still commands respect as you'll find out.”
I had the feeling Bright was side stepping, so tried to pin him down by asking, “What did happen to all the admirals and generals, shouldn’t they be playing a major part in this?”
He said, “Technically they’re retired… generals and admirals are trained to fight wars on foreign soil, right now were fighting for our lives right here at home. It was felt if the top brass were put in charge they would place too much emphasis on keeping their commands intact. The Coast Guard, on the other hand, is a bastard child part of Homeland Security and already had a mandate to operate within the country.
“That’s the abridged version; truth is it will be up to the Indians to pull us out of this mess and the last thing, they need, is a bunch of chiefs getting in the way. I like to think of myself as an expeditor, helping clear the road blocks so those in the know can get on with their jobs.”
What he said made sense, the military guys first responsibility were to their own kind whereas Bright could primarily concentrate on the civilization population while still having authority over the military and its assets. Strange circumstances called for even stranger measures, and these were strange circumstances indeed. Still all he’d given me was the abridged version and I was pretty sure he had left out the more interesting aspects.
We said our good nights and after the driver dropped us off I said, “Sweetie It's such a nice night do you mind if we take a walk before turning in?”
We ambled along the wharf hand in hand; I stopped and turned toward her. “Connie I've received a few titles and accolades over the years, but there is one I find myself wishing for and will covet, above all others, that of your husband. Constance Francine Parker will you marry me and make me your husband?”
She stopped, feigned surprise, and then grinned. “Why George Collins you’re finally offering to make an honest woman out of me. Yes of course I'll marry you; every husband needs a wife, and I will also covet the title above all others.”
I slipped the engagement ring on her finger, and we held each other and kissed. I said, “When I saw how beautiful you were today I thought I’d better get you branded before these young studs start crowding around.”
She said, “GW Collins, do declare, I believe I detect just a hint of jealousy.”
I said, “Not a bit, I'd prefer to call it preemptive strategy.” She giggled like a schoolgirl. We took comfort in knowing our relationship had solidified into granite.
I arose early and skimmed through the bios there would be plenty of time to study them and get to know the individuals in person. For now, my main concern was just what in the hell I was going to say to these people, as I was the first scheduled speaker. There had been no chance to make notes, or write a speech, I was going to have to wing it and think on my feet.
Connie asked, “How do you feel, you going to be alright? You look like you got butterflies.”
“Hell yes, I got butterflies as big as blackbirds, last week we were in our little slice of heaven happier than we had any right to be. Now look at me, cooped up in this zoot suit, about to get up in front of a bunch I’ve never seen before, giving a lecture that might get me stoned to death on the rostrum. I'm just glad this uniform is mostly for decoration, and I can take it off and we can flee back to paradise when this damned thing is over.”
She said, “Don't worry you'll do fine, I'll be right there rooting, just get up and knock em dead.”
The car dropped us off; Allan was out front to greet us. He said, “I didn't want to miss this, got your speech all written out?”
I said, “Right now it’s occupying about three brain cells that’s as far as I've got.”
We walked in; the hall was already filling up. Here and there small groups huddled together as the delegates discussed various aspects of the week’s workshops. It was the first day, and everyone was busy feeling out each other’s views on the subjects that were to be discussed. We wandered the aisles chatting as we went.
The meeting was called to order by one of the only other gray heads present, Dr. Robert Binder who had an outstanding reputation in the field of sociobiology. Bob had been responsible for changing my view of mankind and was in large part the inspiration for Man the Extension of Nature. I was looking forward to talking with him throughout the week.
He began, “Good morning ladies and gentlemen; you have been invited here in an attempt to chart our path forward out of this crisis. Seldom if ever have so many varied disciplines been assembled under the same roof, most of us are at present strangers yet we share a commonality, the wish that we may expeditiously find solutions to the myriad of problems we now find ourselves faced with.
“The undertaking at hand is undoubtedly the greatest that has ever confronted mankind, we here gathered are charged with the daunting task of putting a completely ruined planet back on its feet. It is going to require that each of us rise above his or her personal interests and think only to the greater good of humanity.
“It is imperative that we strive to get this right as the lives and welfare not only of us as human beings but of all creation is in our hands. Let us pray that we have in this room the talent, means, and wisdom to accomplish this endeavor. Thank you.
“The first speaker will be a friend and colleague of mine Doctor George Walter Collins, who has over the years worked extensively in the field of archeology. He wishes to speak today on a different subject, that of the Spiritually of Man. Please welcome Doctor Collins.”
As I reached the podium I panned over the audience, they were a varied lot from well dressed Wall Street types to some who looked like they were auto mechanics on break, I took a deep breath and began.
“Good morning ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to begin by saying although I am wearing the uniform of a Coast Guard captain; I represent neither the Coast Guard nor the Government of the United States. The views, I express today, are strictly my own, I speak to you only as a concerned member of the human race.
“I'm sure most of you have read my bio as I have yours, therefore, let me cut to the chase, instead of rehashing my theory on Man the Extension of Nature. I would like to concentrate on one point which has been passed over yet I have come to consider of utmost importance, especially at this particular juncture in history.
“The origins of the spiritual side of human existence; it’s always been my perception and I suppose many others that man invented spiritualism as a way for him to come to grips with his unique existence and to rationalize the difference between himself and all the other creatures surrounding him.
“Throughout the millennia, he has concentrated mainly on those differences which set him apart; so much so, in fact that he eventually came to believe himself to be a totally separate creation. This view persisted up until the last few centuries when we came to realize we are all interrelated and that all creatures including us share much the same genetic makeup, the building blocks of life.
“We have also discovered that every trait, which makes us human, can also be found in one species, or another whether it be rudimentary intelligence, language, tool making or even emotions. We also thought humans had little or no innate instincts, but that view has also changed.
“Nature, to whom we owe our very existence, is by no means omniscient; to the contrary, if you look at the fossil record you will see for the entire history of life on earth she has stumbled around exploring the edges of the envelope inventing all manner of creature in order to exploit every available resource. Yet it was only when she stumbled upon man with his unique body plan and mental abilities that she was finally able to break through the wall of ignorance that imprisoned her. For the very first time, she could begin manipulating all those earthly resources we take for granted today... well at least we did until the Collapse came along.
“As early hominids developed so did certain instincts, these were to act as rudimentary guides for this new and untested creature. I refer to them for want of a better term as training wheels for they were designed to be discarded as the species mentally evolved and gained the function of higher cognitive reasoning.
“I have come to believe among these instincts is the one we call spirituality, instilled in humans so as to drive the species to search for and explore its very origins. This sense of spiritually may also have been intended as a way to govern our transition from the innate to the sentient, if so it may well be unique to humans as other creatures have been shown to have conscience.
“Nature has had hundred of millions of years to perfect bone, muscle, eyes, ears, teeth, and claws but only an instant in geological time to attempt to perfect higher reasoning and the other unique instincts instilled in us, therefore it's only reasonable to assume they must still contain some flaws.
“Evolution is a very slow process yet we humans with our enormous brains and the ability to learn have advanced at such a phenomenal rate our training wheels are spinning so fast they’re smoking. They have taken us and Nature pell-mell into all sorts of uncharted territory where no other species has ever ventured, we have in certain respects outrun our training wheels and advanced evolution to the point that we ourselves were within a whiskers breath of becoming the creators of life, thus in essence bringing us and Nature full circle.
“As we advanced, relying on this imperfect sense of spiritually it allowed for man to create shortcuts in order to explain those things he could not yet comprehend. He began to devise his own theories of creation from the simple to the elaborate; they acted as crutches helping early man deal with the unknown. Over time, these stories evolved into increasingly elaborate myths, and these myths became ingrained dogma protected by holy men who evolved into enforcers wielding great power and expending their energy in an attempt to keep their myths relevant. Religions instead of celebrating and encouraging our spirituality have for the most part contrived to harness and exploit it for their own purposes.
“Evolution can be slowed but not stopped for along with spirituality there are other forces at work such as higher reasoning that drives mankind relentlessly forward. This drive to acquire knowledge created the conflicts between myth and reality we observe today as being the rift between religion and science. It wasn't the inner sense of spirituality itself that was at fault, just a small natural flaw which allowed it to be subjugated in various ways.
“Ladies and gentleman, WE HAVE and I'll use the word, TRASHED our planet by allowing certain of our innate drives to trump our newly acquired reason. There is no other explanation as I cannot bring myself to believe any decent deity with the infinite wisdom, ability and power to create the universe and our little planet would idly stand by without lifting a finger while his most prized creations slaughtered each other in his name and wrecked his handycraft.
“On the other hand I can well understand Mother Nature using the flawed creature called man with his newly acquired abilities moving forward exploring down every avenue like a curious child would likely in her headlong dash to explore the unknown, make the occasional blunder.
Nature is in many ways the personification of perfect imperfection, and we have to change our way of thinking and realize that she is no wiser than wisest among us.
“I think we as a species have reached the point where our ability to reason has to take precedence over our instincts; we are in the transitional period where it is imperative for the future of our species that we learn to ride on our own.
“Rather than attempting to set ourselves apart from nature we must come to the realization we are in fact nature; our drives are natures, and that her deity resides within each and every one of us.
“The time has come to quit searching for that far away illusionary nirvana and assume the role for which we were created, a valued tool of nature, aiding her in the advancement of all life. I can assure you it was never Natures intention we should use are abilities to cover every inch of the planet with humans or exterminate ourselves along with almost every other species.
“It was rather her intention that we should learn to build on our natural given talents and abilities, to create for ourselves and all creatures a better and enlightened world on which to live. Our reward for getting it right will be to enter into that long sought after heaven. Not in some far off mysterious place but right here on this very Earth!
“It is of the utmost importance we explore every avenue possible in order to bring spiritually and reality together on the same path and find ways to put a stop to these never ending religious conflicts before they finally fulfill their malicious prophesies and utterly destroy what little remains of civilization.
“It is quite possible the future of the human race is assembled in this room. The conclusions, we reach by the end of the week, may well and in large measure determine whether our species continues on to again flourish or condemns future generations to repeat the Armageddon we have just put ourselves through.
“Ladies and Gentlemen I'm not asking that we abandon our spirituality we cannot because it is a part of our very genetic makeup bestowed upon us by our creator, Nature.
“All, I ask, is at the very least we make an honest and earnest attempt to reconcile our spiritually with current facts and proceed forward on a path that will allow us to enter into a new and enlightened era.
“Let me finish by saying, I spent my life digging through failed civilizations never once imagining I would become a living part of one, nor did I believe I would be forced to survive, isolated from all others of my species and be hunted like an animal.
“I do not believe this is a legacy any of us wishes to pass on to our future progeny, as it is we are leaving them with enough of our mistakes to keep them occupied for several generations. Let us gathered here today go down in history as the first group who made the tough decisions and for once got things right.
“Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to come before you today. I look forward with hope to our working together and that we shall leave Mayport with a blueprint for a new and better life, not only for humankind but for the planet and all our fellow creatures as well.
“Now I'll turn it back to my distinguished colleague Dr. Binder.”
I walked off the platform to a round of applause, I hadn't thought what I said deserved it, but much of the audience was standing. I shook hands as I made my way back to Connie and Allan,
He said, “If you did that off the cuff on three brain cells I can't wait to see you firing on all eight, George I think you got the point across and I didn't see anyone who seemed particularly offended.”
I said, “I had the good fortune to be the first speaker they’re on their best behavior, I bet by Wednesday they'll be throwing shoes.”
Connie was beaming, I said, “Christ honey you look like the Cheshire cat.”
She said, “I can't help it, that was a moving speech you looked like one of the disciples standing there all dressed in white.”
I said, “See guys we can't get rid of religion it’s ingrained in us, part of everyday speech.”
The workshops went on for over a week, most of it was stuff I had no business poking my nose into like salvaging infrastructure, transportation, food production, organizing the government, preserving culture, and what would be the new model for the economy. I was cheered by the fact that finally the ever-expanding model had fallen out of favor and was in the process of being scrapped.
I did put in my two bits on population control as I felt it was the key to mankind’s future. I said we should stabilize the population where it winds up for that would most likely be the sustainable levels which should allow us to continue to prosper yet not adversely impact Nature. We should then be able to enjoy all she has to offer and still progress without having any deleterious effects.
Personally, I thought of sustainability as being able to enjoy a large piece of black grouper once in awhile knowing I wasn't consuming the last of the species. I felt had we managed to continue galloping along with no Collapse it would have led to the human race consuming Soylent Green.
I felt I had done my bit and put the bug into a few open ears, one turn on the soapbox was enough; it was never my ambition to be the leader of a movement just to grease the wheels a little and get them moving. Connie, on the other hand, was having a ball she had wormed her way into the group of marine biologists and was immersed in whatever biologists get immersed in. It was the first chance she had to use her degree and she was tickled at finally having the chance to practice her craft. It was bittersweet; we were readjusting to society after our isolation, yet there was a part of us that longed to get back to our little private domain.
I was at loose ends, outside of attending meetings I found myself with little to do. I cornered Allan, “How come you talked me into this monkey suit anyway, hell, all I've been doing, is strutting around like a damned peacock returning salutes, isn't a captain supposed to have a ship or something?”
He said, “If that's all that's bothering you go pick out one of those frigates in the basin and tell everyone you’re her captain. Hell things are so messed up between the Navy and us right now nobody would ever know the difference. You won't have a crew, there in Hastings digging potatoes or spread all over hell's creation. Except for the old George Washington out there generating electricity, we have no Navy.”
He chuckled, “Just kidding. George I do have a command all picked out for you, it's a research vessel Pisces, cute little fellow cranes and derricks plastered all over it… damn thing has been sitting around here since the Collapse. They’re working like hell on some modifications, but it won't be ready for a month or two, then you can take Connie and go on a cruise, call it a working vacation, that suit you any better? Hell George if you don't get married pretty soon we'll have to make it a honeymoon cruise, when's the big day anyway?”
I said, “With all the crap going on this week we haven’t had time to plan anything.”
He said, “Don't worry about it, I'll turn it over to Doris she loves that kinda stuff, all you, two have to do, is show up. Now get out of here, strut around base, and practice your salute, we'll see you for dinner.”
I walked out wondering what in the hell I was doing getting involved with a research vessel. Ever since I had met Allan Bright, it seemed all, he'd done, was go out of his way to turn my quiet life inside out. I felt competent running the Hunter, but a large research vessel, hell it had been damn near forty years since I had stood on the bridge of a ship in any capacity other than being a passenger.
Yeah, Allan had a unique way of yanking me out of my comfort zone. I had grown to like Allan and had to admit that so far he seemed to keep my best interests at heart, but captain of a research ship, it might as well be one of those Frigates out there in the basin or even that super tanker I kidded Connie about.
Well, I thought at least Connie would be in her element a marine biologist on a research ship. Then I thought what in the hell is the mission going to be, I'm sure we’re not going to revisit the Titanic. Oh well let's just keep going with the flow in the end it will all come out in the wash.
I was curious and had the driver run me by the ship; it was a trim little NOAA vessel with a white hull and high superstructure. There seemed to be much hot-work and other activity taking place on the foredeck. I sat debating on whether to get out and wander around then thought better of it and told the driver to go on.
After dinner, while Doris and Connie sat at the dining room table going over the details of the coming nuptials Allan and I drifted into the living room. I asked Allan, “What business do I have on a damned research ship anyway.”
“Well, George it's kinda a double-edged mission, outwardly you're going to cruise the Antilles checking on the ecosystem to see what impact the collapse had on it. As for the other part, we don't know diddlysquat about what’s been going on in the Caribbean over the last year, that's where you come in, you've worked all over the area and know the people. You can get a good picture of conditions down there bring back the facts and make recommendations. I can't send the cutters out just to explore, Christ I can't even get them back in Key West.”
I said, “Hate to tell you this, but all my work was in Central America I’ve only been to the islands as a tourist and as for running a damn ship…”
“Don't worry about running the boat I have a couple of great guys I'll assign to you they'll be your right and left arms just let them run the day to day stuff and they'll teach you as you go, by the time you get back you'll be an old salt.”
I retorted, “Hell I’m already an old salt.”
“George it's all a state of mind; how can you be old when you're getting married to that gorgeous young creature in there, you look younger every day, hell just putting on that uniform ironed out most of the wrinkles, look at your face smooth as a babies.”
I couldn’t help from grinning, “Allan I still believe there’s a hell for lairs but thanks anyway.”
Connie and Doris came in and announced the date was set for Saturday morning afterward for a honeymoon we would take the Hunter and escape back to our little paradise. Connie and I returned to the boat and took great pleasure in rehearsing for our wedding night.
Four in the morning I awoke to someone knocking on the boat. “Captain Collins, Captain Collins.”
I got up, “What is it.” opening the hatch.
“Sorry to wake you sir but you're ordered to come with me immediately, it’s urgent.”
I asked, “What's it about?”
He said, “Don't rightly know sir.”
I asked, “What’s the uniform?”
He said, “I’d say dress down sir.”
I said, “OK, I'll be with you in a minute.”
He said, “Sir, Captain Bright requested I drop Mrs. Collins off at his quarters.”
Connie was up by this time and asked. “What's going on?”
I said, “You heard the man, were married and guess we missed out on the honeymoon altogether, better get dressed.”
As the car speed away from the boat, I asked again, “Have any idea what’s going on?”
“Not really sir, something about a hijacking and pirates, I just know it has the whole base on alert.”
We pulled up, I just had time to lean over and give Connie a quick kiss before I was hustled into the building.
I entered operations it was abuzz with activity, I stood feeling conspicuously out-of-place while everyone in the room swirled around me. It was a minute before Allan noticed and said, “George sorry to get you up and drag you in at this God awful hour but we have a serious problem and I need everyone on deck.
“Less than two hours ago we received a distress call from an inbound tanker the Samuel Spelling she reported being under attack, not by some Somali pirate types using inflatables, but by what they said was a full-fledged warship. It was dark they couldn't get a good look just that it was big, fast, firing guns, and closing on them, they gave a DR position about here 30-10'-39" N. by 078-53'-58" W. then went off the air. He put his finger on a large chart spread on the table. It's about hundred and fifty nautical from here; I've only got two cutters that are in any condition to put to sea, Mohawk, and Thetis.
“George this is serious business, the loss of that ship could mean more people are going to die. I'd like you to go along and observe, gain some experience, maybe do a little something to earn those stripes.”
I said, “I'll just get in the way.”
He said, “Don't argue, father knows best, Doris and I will watch over Connie. Commander Abe Gully will be your skipper, great officer loads of experience you two should get along splendidly. I've assigned Lieutenant Bishop here as your aide, Jimmy will be with you on Mohawk good luck and happy hunting.”
We pulled alongside; the cutter was alive with last minute preparations. I walked up the gangway saluted and came aboard. Commander Gully said, “Welcome aboard Captain Collins, Chief Evens will show to your quarters, afraid you and the lieutenant are going to have to share, not much room on a cutter. Time, you get settled in we, should be out of here and I'll have more time to fill you in.”
As we made our way through the cramped passageway to the compartment I felt relieved Gully hadn't shown any animosity as to the fact I outranked him and hadn’t been in uniform for over thirty years much less ever set foot on a cutter before.
I was determined to keep a low profile, my mouth shut, and to stay out-of-the-way and wouldn't so much as touch a light switch unless someone instructed me to. The lowest rating aboard knew more about this boat than I did; I quietly cursed Allan under my breath for getting me into this mess.
I was leaning on the rail as the cutter passed the sea buoy, the first streaks of daylight defining the horizon. Jim came up and said, “Sir, Commander. Gully wishes to see you on the bridge.”
I still hadn't gotten used to the sir part though I knew it was directed more at the rank on the uniform than the man in it, I nodded and made my way to the bridge and entered.
Gully said, “Sorry to put you off sir, it was rather hectic getting under way as we haven’t had the boat out for almost a year.”
I said, “I understand, let's get down to a first name basis, regardless of what’s pinned on this uniform I'm junior on this ship, you're the Captain, it was Allan’s idea I should tag along, I'll try my best not to get underfoot, just call me George.”
“Well Ca…George I’m betting they’ve turned south, it’s just a hunch, could be there Cubans, who knows. Whoever they are it appears they’ve managed to get their hands on a naval vessel and enough fuel to run it. We're going to head in their direction try to pick them up on radar and shadow until Thetis catches up, she'll be three or four hours behind us.
“I figure it’s taken the pirates some time to secure the ship and get under way. I doubt the tanker is capable of making more than fifteen knots tops. We’re going to stay somewhat to the west run flat out and if my hunch is correct, we should make radar contact this afternoon. I hate being blind not even a bird to put up; three years ago we'd know what he was having for breakfast by now. George, have Jim show you around if anything crops up I'll let you know.”
I took it as a polite way of telling Jim to get this damn pilgrim the hell off my bridge so I can get back to business.
I told Jim, “Let's take the cooks tour, start at the pointy end and work back.”
I wasn't a complete novice; I had served time in destroyers and a few months as a junior gunnery officer on board the cruiser Newport News in 72 when she along with Providence and Oklahoma City had shelled the crap out of Haiphong harbor. Still things had changed; this little cutter had a fair amount of firepower for her size, along with the accuracy to put rounds on target almost every time. I had Jim show me through every inch of the Famous class cutter stopping and asking questions as we went until I felt satisfied I had a rudimentary knowledge of the little ships workings. We broke for lunch, and afterward I turned in for a nap, this old guy wanted to be well rested if things got interesting.
Jim woke me just after six and said, “We're tracking two contacts at thirty miles, has to be them.”
I sat on the edge of the bunk adjusting to the roll of the cutter, rubbed my eyes, and asked, “I got time for a cup of coffee?”
Jim said, “Plenty we’re waiting for dark and the Thetis to catch up.”
As I sat at the wardroom table nursing my coffee Jim said, “The old man's going to wait for dark then run in and take a peek, our night vision stuff should give us an edge, and then when the Thetis arrives we can both pounce on him.”
I said, “Sounds like a plan, I just hope it isn't some modern frigate or corvette with a load of Exocet’s or other goodies as we'll likely be a pile of smoldering junk before we get that peek.”
I walked onto the bridge, Abe said, “We got a plot going it’s nowhere near what we’d have with all the gadgets working in CIC, but were in luck they’re barely making 11 knots and haven’t altered course since we started tracking.
“Looks like they’re committed to running down the straits and hugging the Bahamas bank; I'm guessing the warships trailing astern, approximately 4000 meters as rear guard. We're still running flat out and should catch up by 2200 then we'll move in and take a quick look, Thetis will rendezvous with us around 0130 by then we'll know what were up against.
“I can't wait until things get back to normal and these damn cutters are operating out of Key West again, were scheduled to begin moving back at the end of the month.”
During the next few hours, we closed on the pair of unknown blips plodding along in the darkness. I didn't doubt Commander Gully's abilities yet couldn't help thinking this wasn't going to be like chasing down some run of the mill drug boat as ahead of us hidden by night could be a full-fledged warship. If so the lone cutter with her single 3-inch gun could find itself at a distinct disadvantage.
Ten o’clock rolled around the cutter was at general quarters, we had overtaken the trailing target and were approaching on his starboard beam, as we closed to within seven miles there was still no deviation in his course. Abe kept inching in closer, until we were separated by just 6000 thousand yards Abe was on the bridge wing looking through the night vision glasses. “George he's running black, take a look I could be wrong but isn't that’s an old DE one of ours I think, don't know what class, sure rules out the Cubans.”
I looked through the powerful night vision glasses. “Yep, it's one of our old destroyer escorts I'm guessing open 3-inch fore and aft, can't tell if they’re manned.”
Abe said, “Their radars pretty primitive just could be they don't even know were here. I'm going to shadow them for a bit, maybe get a tad closer for a little better look than back off, trail them and wait for Thetis.”
I said, “With your permission I'd like to go down on the flight deck for a different perspective, get out of your hair, and let you get back to work.” Abe nodded.
I walked out and went down the starboard stair with Jim following, he had become like a Siamese twin ever since we had come aboard.
We had just began making our way aft to the ladder, I was approaching the sailor manning the fifty when two explosions racked the cutter and the bridge we had just departed erupted in flames and a shower shrapnel. The blasts knocked both Jim and I flat on the narrow walkway I felt little needles pricking me in the back. I staggered to my feet, looked at Jim who was doing the same and asked, “You alright, what in the hell hit us?”
He said, “Yeah just got some nicks, they must have opened fire.”
I said, “Not with their main battery they couldn't train and get the range that fast, two rounds right into the bridge bastard must have something special in that aft mount,”
We made our way back to the bridge and picked our way through the shambles of twisted jagged metal, there were dead and wounded lying in grotesque positions, in the light of the small fires I saw Commander Gully struggling to get to his feet and could tell he was bleeding profusely from a serious cut on his forehead. I reached him and assisted him to his feet. He said, “They suckered us that damn aft gun, Collins I can hardly see, you’re senior so I'm turning command over to you.” Then he collapsed.
There wasn't any time to argue I shouted, “Jim your my XO, I want a damage report, get some corpsmen up here on the double.” Another young officer came onto the bridge I shouted, “Do we still have steam?” She looked at me wide eyed and opened mouthed, “We still have propulsion?”
She said, “I think so, sir.”
I said, “Take the con.”
She moved to the take over the con having to partially stand on the corpse of the previous helmsman lying at her feet.
She asked, “What heading sir?”
I said, “Just try and keep us in some sort of firing position. Does anyone know if we still have fire control?”
Somewhere in the darkness I could hear mumbling. I shouted again, “Fire Control, Yes or No!”
The reply finally came,” Yes sir, we do now.”
I said, “Train on target wait for my command.” I turned to Jim and said, “I don't know why in the hell they haven’t finished us off?”
The flames died down enough that even without the night vision glasses I could clearly make out the silhouette of the destroyer; it had just finished executing a 180-degree turn to port and was moving toward us on a reciprocal course.
I said, “Dollar to a doughnut his aft gun jammed, he's changed course to finish us off with his forward battery, must think we've lost all fire control or he wouldn't risk such a close approach.”
With the glasses, I could make out his forward guns they were now manned and being trained. I said, “ Fire control aim for his forward batteries at or below the mounts run out the whole clip, it's do or die, if we get lucky we might set off some of his ready stuff…. Fire when ready and keep hammering him.”
In a moment, the gun on the foredeck came to life spitting out projectiles the spent casings hitting the deck. Rounds cut through the night toward the destroyer just as the first three-inch round went screaming over the cutter and landed a hundred yards away.
I said, “If he gets off a couple more of those were goners.”
The destroyer was now being hosed, hits landing all over the forward part of the ship. It fired another round from the forward mount this time landing so close as to send up a geyser drenching the starboard side of the cutter. I figured the next round would either hit or straddle us, within seconds, we might all be dead.
With everything going on I found an instant to think of Connie, it was interrupted by a tremendous explosion. The front of the destroyer lifted clear of the water I could see number one gun mount hurled upward then the vessel broke in two forward of the bridge the bow pointing skyward as the rest of the ship plowed into it.
Our gun was still firing. I shouted, “Cease fire, cease fire.”
Another large explosion followed, the destroyer shuttered and slowed, flames leaped into the night sky turning it into day; they swept the old destroyer until it was engulfed in fire aft to the funnel, tiny figures outlined by the flames could be seen jumping over the railings,
I watched transfixed in utter fascination as the destroyer quickly settled by the bow. There was another giant explosion this time lifting the whole ship out of the water; it settled rocking back and forth like a rubber duck in a bathtub then began to list sharply to port. It increased until within a couple minutes the destroyer rolled over and capsized, the stern rose into the night sky passed forty degrees then with a series of smaller explosions, creaks, groans, and hisses plunged into the black water and disappeared. Once again, night closed in around us.
The darkness snapped me back to reality I looked around the shattered bridge and shouted for Jim, he ran up. “I asked, “What’s our situation, do we have integrity?”
He said, “Yes sir one small leak starboard amidships being dealt with, nothing serious.”
I asked, “Casualties?”
He said, “So far four dead, seven serious including Commander Gully.”
I asked the kid on the con, “We have propulsion and steerage?”
She said, “Yes sir seems to be answering the helm OK.”
I said, “Good, All Stop… let’s get this mess sorted out. Jim we still got communications?”
He said, “Don’t know sir.”
I said, “Find out, try to get a message off to the Thetis, advise them of the situation, ask them if they have contact with the tanker on their screens, if so they can take over the chase, were done. Organize a party and have them stand by to take on hostile survivors, we'll see if we can fish around for some answers. Get another party up here and see what can be done about clearing away this mess.”
Of the ninety plus reported to have been on the destroyer we found only eleven survivors, our crew was well trained on handling hostiles, they were cuffed and placed on the flight deck under armed guard while a corpsman attended their wounds. The damage to the bridge was cleared away. The dead placed into body bags and laid on the flight deck.
I set course for Mayport, turned the ship over to Jim and one of the youngsters then went to get the tiny pieces of shrapnel picked out of my back, I stopped by to see Abe, his face was covered in bandages. He said, “Thanks for saving my ship and crew, I guess Allan knew what he was doing when he sent you along.”
I said, “Beginners luck, hell I scared the piss out of one of your kids when I asked her if we still had steam, guess it shows how long it’s been since I've worked damage control.”
I took my sore-bandaged back and picked up where I had left off when this thing began, sitting in the wardroom cradling a mug of coffee as Mohawk limped along on its way back to Mayport. I was standing on the bridge when we reached the sea buoy. Jim said, “Sir would you like to take her in?”
I said, “Hell no there’s enough damage done already, I'll give you the honor Jim, remember I'm just on board as an observer.”
We tied up; the wharf was packed, everyone focused on the damaged bridge. I picked Connie out of the crowd, she had Skipper with her on a leash, I waved and within a few minutes we were reunited. She flung her arms around my neck. I said, “Ouch, careful I'm a little tender back there.” Still we held each other as if we had been separated for a year.
She said, “I was sick with worry when we heard that the ship had been hit, I didn't know until a couple of hours ago whether you were alive or dead, GW don't ever do this to me again.”
Allan walked up saluted and shook hands, “George, seems you wound up running the damned show after all.”
I said, “Allan you bastard, putting me in harms way like that three days before my wedding.”
He chuckled, “George you've more than earned those stripes and a commendation besides. From what Jimmy’s told me you did a sterling job, stepped right into the breech. By God George, I was right about you. Now get going there’s a car waiting, stop by the base hospital and get checked out then take the rest of the day off, just have your report on my desk sometime tomorrow.”
Connie kept pumping me for details, I had never lied to her and never would yet neither could I bring myself to tell her just how close a run thing it had been.
The Thetis had speedily captured the tanker Samuel Spelling and the riddle of the mystery ship was solved, we had, in fact, been attacked by the old USS Hurst DE-250 that had been sold to the Mexican Navy who used her for a training ship. She had fallen into the hands of one of Mexico's old drug cartel’s, they together with rogue elements of the Navy decided to go into the business of pirating, especially food and fuel as they were the current gold standard.
Finding slim pickings in the gulf, they got wind of the Spelling and decided to chase her down along the east coast. Therefore, in the end it had come down to another battle between the Coast Guard and the drug lords. It raised concerns that there was the possibility of this happening again, the next time with a much more powerful warship and at present we had nothing at the ready to counter with.
The wedding went off without a hitch we exited the base chapel man and wife ducking under crossed sabers and a shower of confetti as rice was still too precious to be used in such a frivolous manner. I looked at Connie and grinned, “Well I hope this doesn’t mean now were an old married couple I’m going to be cut back to once a week.”
She laughed and said, “Oh I guess the cats out of the bag, how’d you know that’s why I married you just so I could cut you off and get a good nights sleep for a change.”
At the reception, Allan said, “George take your lovely bride and cruise back to your little hideaway for a month or two and enjoy yourselves. I envy you God how I wish I could take Doris and come along, but you been around Doris enough by now to know she’s not much into roughing it. George after this next assignment I'll let you off the hook then you and Connie can live happily ever after, I promise.
I'll be around to see you off tomorrow morning. This is your day I've taken up enough of your valuable time as it is, now get in there and dance with your bride.”
****
Chapter Seven Outward Bound
The trip home was uneventful except this time we had to heel the boat in order to make in under Green Cove Springs Bridge. We arrived back in the Glen after being in relative civilization for almost three weeks. The Glen seemed rustic and quaint; Jim and Cathy had settled in and were well on their way to converting the old park office into living quarters.
I told Connie “Well it was great while it lasted we'll never have the place all to ourselves again that's for sure, better get used to living in society.”
I wasn't really upset, it was bound to happen someday, Jim and Cathy were good kids they had done a superb job of taking care of the place in our absence and besides as always we enjoyed their company.
With Cathy, Jim, and the other colonists taking over much of the day-to-day chores in the gardens, Connie and I found ourselves with a lot less to do. We enjoyed our newfound leisure time yet all the excitement we'd been through created an itch within and though I was hesitant to admit to it we were anxiously looking forward to the summons from Allan.
I was relaxing one evening musing over what was to come, I said, “Connie here we are living the best life has to offer, in the middle of a beautiful spring, food in our bellies, warm dry place to sleep, surrounded with as good of company as anyone would want, and great if not phenomenal sex. Any other animal would be completely satisfied and yet instead of being content were looking forward to the coming unknown.
That’s what gets us in trouble were never satisfied; we can't even stay in heaven when we've found it. Now you tell me we don't have some innate behavioral trait that’s driving us. We have absolutely no business ever wanting to leave here yet we will; our inner nature will force us. All, we can do, is to enjoy our brief time together in paradise, even though we'll have regrets, we'll still leave just like we did the last time… I hope we never hear from Bright.”
 Connie chided, “GW quit, every time we get close to leaving you start this crap, at times you can be such a pessimist. Think of it as leaving one paradise and entering another, you know you can't wait to hear from Allan and besides we'd find some way to have great sex even if it's hanging from a circus trapeze.”
I said, “Point taken, you’re right, we haven’t tried that one yet. Maybe we could hang a trapeze in that big live oak over there, play Tarzan and Jane.”
We visited Astor often; the little hamlet was coming back to life. There was electricity in parts of town and the occasional vehicle could be heard traversing the bridge, even the Black Water was again open although it retained none of its former glory, it was good to see civilization slowly clawing its way back from the abysm.
We were on our way back from Astor it was a beautiful afternoon, I had just finished checking a couple of crab traps when out of nowhere we were buzzed by an airplane. Connie and I about jumped out of our skins as the airplane flashed by at masthead level. It made a turn and came back I could see the pilot waving and we waved back, he wiggled the wings and flew on in the direction of Astor. It was the first airplane we had seen since the Collapse and we speculated on where it had come from.
I thought maybe it was from Mayport but just as we were anchoring it again flew over; it made a couple of low passes then dropped a bottle. Connie dived in, recovered it, and handed it to me. I fished out the note it read John Anders Warsaw Ky. landing Pierson. I waved that I understood and the plane dipped its wings and headed east. I looked at Connie and said; “Feel like making a trip to Pierson.”
We headed back across the lake, got the truck and headed to the airstrip when we arrived there was a man installing a seat in a Cessna. I got out and walked around the front of the truck. Connie opened her door but sat with the 22 on her lap. 
I asked, “John Anders I presume.”
He turned and grinned, “One and the same, at your service.”
After introductions, I found out he had flown all the way from Kentucky to come to Astor. He came back to the houseboat with us and that night told us of his ordeal. Before the Collapse, he had been a dairy farmer, they had been fairly well prepared and doing well until his family had fallen victim to a band of marauders and had all been killed.
I learned John had lived no more than twenty miles from where I had grown up and although he was almost twenty years my junior knew many of the same families and people as I did. He stayed with us for a couple of days then we ran him into Astor and turned him over to Dave and Sam, I was sure John and his airplane would become a valuable asset.
Sam and Joyce had been doing well we got together on the weekends, during one of these visits I mentioned the upcoming expedition, Joyce lit up “Oh what I'd give for a place on that boat, that would be right down my alley.”
I said, “Why don't you get up a resume and I'll forward it to Allan.” She did and was immediately accepted; both Sam and Joyce would be making the trip with us. Connie remarked having Sam along was going to be like turning a bull loose in the china closet. I said, “Don't worry, Sam will be right at home in the places were going, he's a good man to have on an adventure and besides you never know when you're going to need a good bull.” Allan sent notes telling of one delay after another finally a month after we got back there was something concrete. The short letter read,
George,
Thanks for being patient, get packed, I am sending a fast launch for you, and party, will arrive on the 27th. Leave the damned sailboat at home this time, have a cabin waiting for you on Pisces, See you on the 28.th Pertaining to your request to bring the dog, I'll give you an unofficial yes, PS-George, try not to ask for anything else.
Allan.
So the time had been set we had two weeks to get things in order, I was glad that we were taking Skipper, leaving him had been a bone of contention as he had become like our kid and neither one of us could face the possibility of having to leave him behind. Still I wasn't sure what the unofficial bit meant but we damn well weren’t going to leave him caged up in Mayport.
The boat arrived on the 27Th we had a small going away party at the Black Water, the next morning we loaded our bags on the launch and said our farewells. The hundred-mile trip to Jacksonville took a little over four hours and we were there by two o’clock. Allan had a car standing by and was waiting to meet us at the Pisces.
We stepped out of the car the crew was lined up on the wharf standing at attention with the proud little ship behind. I immediately noticed Jim Bishop out in front he now wore the rank of Lieutenant Commander, I was in civilian clothes and instead of saluting shook his hand, and said, “Jim your a glutton for punishment.”
He said, “You don't know how much, I put in a request for this assignment.”
I said, “Damn glad you did.” Introductions were made all around; the bags were picked up and hustled aboard.
Allan said, “George get your party settled in I’ve assigned you a driver, dinner at the house, cocktails at six, bring your friends.”
We walked aboard I asked Jim, “What have we got here?”
Jim said. “She's a neat little research ship with a few additions we added in the last few months, that’s what caused all the delays, did you notice anything odd about the ship, sir?”
I said, “I haven’t had a chance to really get down to the brass tacks yet, but no it looks kosher to me, why, find something wrong?”
“Well no sir, it's just that we took the liberty of adding a little armament after the Hurst incident everyone felt maybe we shouldn't be traipsing around naked so to speak.”
I asked, “Just how much armament?”
He said, “One rapid fire 75mm Otto and a couple of fifties just like the cutters.”
I said, “Jesus, I thought this was going to be research, sounds more like search and destroy. Isn’t it against international convention to be arming research vessels?”
“Well, yes sir but I don't think there’s anyone left who's going to raise a stink over it.”
I said, “Don't look so worried, you won't get any argument out of me, I agree the more things we have on board that go boom, the better I feel, any hidden torpedo tubes or rocket launchers?”
No sir, but we do have a tiny CIC.”
Connie, who had been walking behind, waited until we got to our cabin then said, “GW what are we going to do, study the natives or kill off what’s left of them?”
I said, “Think of it more like Teddy Roosevelt, ‘Speak softly and carry a big stick.’ Honey it doesn't hurt to have some options just in case.”
She said, “I’ve got the pistol in my purse that should tell you something.”
We no more than got settled and it was off to the Bright's. I introduced Joyce and Sam, the cocktails flowed and Sam spun his tales most of which I had heard before, Allan was taken with the stories and by dinner, all were in a jovial mood.
After dinner, Allan took me aside. “Take tomorrow and go over the ship you have a couple of weeks to get the feel of it. Don't forget your the CO. Jimmy’s always been a bride's maid and he's past due having his own command. You should know he turned down the job of CO on a cutter and volunteered to be your second, just thought you'd like to know.
“I gave you an old Navy hand as third officer, Herb O'Royke, Herbs served in about everything afloat he's a jack-of-all-trades aboard ship haven’t found anything he can't do and do well. George he may seem gruff but don't hesitate to rely on him, one helluva good man to have on hand in a pinch. You got a couple of gal Ensigns they’re more than capable of doing their jobs; you'll get to know them all tomorrow.
“I was glad you sent me Joyce's resume learning she worked for NOAA was like finding a missing piece to the puzzle, and I find Sam quite the character he should keep things interesting, bet he'll be a wiz at running deck equipment.”
I said, “Allan about the armament?”
“Its all hidden had to add another foredeck house and rearrange some of the ship's innards to accommodate it, took over three months, still I hope you never have to use it, but you know how fast things can turn hairy, call it a little added insurance. Got another surprise for you a small helicopter on floats to strap on the new helipad let you do a little air reconnaissance. Now come on George lets get back to the party so you can enjoy your first night back in civilization.”
I said, “Allan we just left civilization where we had real meat for dinner.”
Next morning I got right down to work learning all I could about the little ship and its crew. I had a meeting with my officers, Jim I already knew having worked together on Mohawk and knowing he had passed up the opportunity for his own command was icing on the cake.
I thought of what Allan had told me about Herb O'Royke, I had gone over his records, they spanned a lifetime in the Navy from the rank of seaman to lieutenant commander and along the way he had seen and done it all from serving in patrol boats to carriers. Even though he was, tall and lean Herb wore the air of an old chief bosun's mate, probably because it had been the job he felt most comfortable in.
I pegged Herb for one of those individuals you didn't need to boss around just give him leeway and let them get on with the job, I had an old chief like him when I was a snot-nosed ensign. It hadn't taken him long to jerk the knots out of my tail and he wound up becoming my mentor.
The two Ensigns Cindy Kottmyre and Linda Sanchez were the bright young faces in the bunch both had served time on cutters before the Collapse but hadn't been to sea since. I had no doubt that serving under Jim and Herb would round off any remaining rough edges. I had never served with women and it was going to take a concerted effort on my part not to slip and call them honey or babe absentmindedly out of habit. I was old and set in my ways and figured it was bound to happen so made a mental note to have a discussion with them on the subject.
The Chief Engineer Dan Wesselman was the only member of the crew who had been with the boat since commissioning. In fact he had ridden out the Collapse in her and was no doubt responsible for the fact that she had come through in such good condition; looking at his hands I could tell he was an integral part of the ship.
I was always suspicious of engineering officers who didn't have dirt or grease under their fingernails. During my first duty assignment in 68 as an engineering officer trainee in the Destroyer Agerholm DD-826 I learned, you can't show or tell someone how to do something with any authority unless you have done it yourself, and that means getting your hands dirty, Dan's passed the test.
I went over what I expected of my officers. First that it was a small ship, everyone present was more than qualified for the position they were assigned. Being a small ship and working in close quarters meant it would be essential we all got along personally as well as professionally. If anyone felt they had a problem come and see me for now was the time to make it known and ask for a transfer. We should all share the common goal, to do our best and endeavor to carry out the mission assigned to us, above all, was the welfare and safety of ship and crew.
I said, “I am the man in charge, this isn't a carrier so the normal chain of command rules are suspended. If you have anything, you think I need to know don't hesitate to come and see me directly that especially goes for Ensigns.
The most dangerous officers, I've ever served with, were individuals so intimidating and unapproachable that even though you knew there was a problem or they were making a serious mistake, stood by and kept silent. The ultimate decisions are mine the more information or points of view I have to go on the better informed those decisions will be. I want Pisces to be a well-run ship and a happy ship; I never considered the two as being at odds. Now are there any questions?
Cindy asked, “Captain, do you know where we’re going, and for how long?”
I said, “I haven't been informed yet of our exact itinerary, just that we will be cruising through the Antilles to conduct a fishery survey and assess the impact of the Collapse on the environment.
“We are going to be the first ship to visit many of the islands since the disaster and no one knows what to expect. Therefore, we need to be prepared for any eventually. I have no idea how long were going to be gone… rumor is three or four months. I should have something to share with you by Friday and I'll go over it then in detail with everyone. If there are no more questions Linda, Cindy you’re dismissed.
“Jim, Herb, Dan stick around for a minute please, I'd like to get up to speed. I've read the reports, but I'd like your personal assessments of our readiness if you have anything to pass along especially anything of concern I'd like to hear it? Dan I'll start with you.”
“Captain, all the machinery on board, is in working order, at the moment. I have enough spares in stock to take care of the routine stuff, but it worries me that if were gone for months and something major were to break were screwed. Where we intend to cruise, I see no way to obtain parts. I put in requisitions for things like rods, pistons, bearings, and valves but have gotten nowhere. I know I can't get a lot of the stuff new but surely there’s something out there to cannibalize, I'd sleep better knowing I had more options.”
“OK Dan, draw up a list of exactly what you need, I'll see what I can do. Mind you, it may be necessary to take some help and gather things yourself, but if you're not sleeping at night than neither will I. OK go make out your list.”
“Thank you, sir, if you can get permission I'll take care of the rest.”
“Jim how about you, any concerns?”
“Sir at the moment I can say everything is pretty much in hand it would be nice if we could conduct sea trials.”
“Herb you’re last but not least, like to add anything?”
“Captain we haven’t had any live fire practice it would be nice to try out the gun, see if there are any kinks and get in few training sessions before we take off.”
I said, “I agree, I don't want to get in a situation and have a screw up like the Hurst if her Oto-Melara hadn't jammed neither Jim or I would be here today. If were going to haul the damn thing around then we, need to know it's going to work. I'll see if I can swing permission to make a foray or two out for sea trials. Herb I'm putting you in charge of all armament, requisition whatever weapons and ammunition you think we'll need.
“OK, now it is my turn, your both experienced officers and have a lot more time at sea than I do. Captain Bright called you guys my left and right arms and that’s the way I'll be. Jim you will take responsibility for the day to day running of the ship, I'll only step in when I deem it necessary. I take comfort in the fact you’re both more than qualified to run Pisces. I see no reason, why we can't work together and hopefully, have some fun along the way. God knows we deserve some after what we've all been through, OK Jim and Herb thank you, we'll meet tomorrow morning at nine and see where we are.”
I had barely scratched the surface, in fact I hadn't even made a detailed tour of the ship yet, I would eventually get around to it but with Jim and Herb running the show I had bigger fish to fry and I made the visit to Allan’s office.
Allan said, “George you get all settled in?”
I said, “Enough to start making waves, I need permission for my engineer Dan to commandeer some spare parts, he has expressed concerns and they have become mine. Second I need to take the Pisces out for sea trials, Jim wants to put the ship through her paces, and Herb needs to get in some gun crew training. It would be nice to see if the damn things going to work before we get into a tight spot. Thirdly I like to know what the itinerary is going to be and how many are going along on the scientific part of this thing. Right now, Connie and Joyce have no idea of what to do except to poke around in the labs.”
“OK George, first things first, have your engineer make up a list and if he can find what he wants I'll see he get it. It's your ship write up our own orders I'll sign them and you can conduct your sea trails, the sooner, the better not pushing but this week would be fine. I'd like to get it out-of-the-way before the scientific types arrive next week. You and I will go over specifics of the itinerary Thursday then work out any loose ends next week, any more questions? Christ George, you're starting to sound more like a commanding officer every day.”
“Allan I'm about to take Pisces into the unknown, everything I hold dear and love is aboard her, I want to make damn sure that once we pull out of here we have every chance of making it back. If that’s the criteria by which you judge your captain then by God I am one.”
I wasted no time Dan was already scrounging parts, Herb had requisitioned ammunition and was overseeing its storage. Next morning we made plans to go to sea. I wanted it to be a hurry-up affair as that would go far in showing up any weaknesses in training. I had talked this over with Herb and he agreed pushing the crew now would allow time to correct deficiencies before we sailed for real.
Jim was going to operate the ship, but it was Herb's experienced eye I was counting on to pick up on needed changes and implement them. I was beginning to feel like a conductor as already each of my senior officers had found a cozy niche to occupy; all, I had to do, was keep everyone playing in tune. With my senior officers, taken care of I felt, the time had come to have a chat with my Ensigns.
Cindy and Linda entered and sat. I said, “let me start by saying both of you are officers in the United States Coast Guard and are fully qualified for the positions you hold that is the reason you are aboard this ship. You both have excellent service records and I have no doubt will continue to serve aboard Pisces with distinction. It is me more than you I worry about.
“I was brought up in a different age; I guess they call it old school. It's not that I saw any disparage between men and women, rather back then it was considered a man's duty to respect and protect what was referred to as the fairer sex. This was a misnomer as some of the strongest and smartest people I have known are women. Still this was the culture I was brought up in and it's hard to break old habits such as opening doors, saying yes ma'am no ma'am or thanks hon.
“I realize this is no longer accepted practice, especially on a naval vessel. Sometimes it’s hard to teach old dog’s new tricks and it’s most likely to happen at some point under stress or absent-mindedness and I may make a slip. I would like you to know beforehand that it’s not intentional on my part nor is it meant to be demeaning or patronizing. I felt the need to bring this to your attention now before we sail.”
Cindy spoke up, “Captain Collins I see no problem between us as long as you judge my merits only on my performance as an officer. My father and especially my grandfather have the same problem. They both respect me as a person and an officer, but they’re not about to stop calling me honey, I agree its habit, actually taken in context I don't find it all that offensive.”
I asked Linda, “Have anything to add?”
She said, “Sir, permission to speak freely.”
I said, “Certainly Linda.
She said, “I don't know you that well sir, but I couldn't help but observe the respect you have for Mrs. Collins, I don't foresee that we'll have any problems.
I said, “Thank you both as I said your records speak for themselves and I'm pleased to have you both on board. Next item, I will not tolerate any sexual harassment or intimidation on this ship, military or non-military. If you encounter any problems, bring them to my attention immediately.
There isn't any room on this ship for boys will be boys stuff while I'm in command. Let me add the same rules apply to you ladies as well. It's going to be a long cruise and we'll all have to get along, once we sail there won't be any getting off. Have any questions or concerns? OK, thank you, you’re dismissed.”
There I had gotten that out-of-the-way still it was going to be a long cruise both were buxom young women and there was a good chance nature would take its course somewhere during the next months and how was I going to deal with that?
Hell maybe they were lesbians for all I knew, problem solved, anyway when all was said and done they were still women. Connie and Joyce would pick up on any scuttlebutt going around in the famine circles, and I should get have some inkling before anything got out of hand. I told myself George you worry too much. Well, I hoped I had covered all the bases. I had taken care of Sam telling Herb even though he's a civilian use him anywhere he seems to fit in. Herb said, “No problem he's a likable guy I'll find him plenty to do.”
That evening with Jim running the operation we put to sea, the crew scurried hauling lines and squaring away the deck under Herbs watchful gaze. Soon we were past the sea buoy and I relaxed letting Jim put the ship through her paces. I left the bridge and joined Connie for a late supper, though we were on a tiny ship we hadn’t had much time together since we arrived, a fact which wasn't lost on her. She said, “I feel like you have a new mistress how does a simple flesh and blood girl compete with a big steel ship.”
I said, “The most important thing about this steel ship is it has my flesh and blood girl aboard it and what I'm doing is making damn certain it's worthy to carry such a prized treasure.
She said, “That's a great comeback even better knowing it's the truth. I'll show my appreciation when we get some sack time together, only we're going to have to learn to be quieter the walls are paper thin.”
I said, “Bulkheads dear there called bulkheads, but your right I just got a mental picture of everyone standing in the passageway listening to the captain bonking his wife. Honey I told you we should have stayed in the Glen right now we could be hanging from that trapeze having wild sex and you moaning to the high heavens. Now were reduced to trying to not make the bedsprings squeak and biting our lips. Maybe I'll ask Dan if we can sneak in a corner of the engine room put some tape over the cameras, no one will hear over the sound of the diesels and I can bend you over a reduction gear housing.” Just then, a call came from the bridge. I said, “Round up Joyce and come upstairs, Herb's about to put on some fireworks.”
When I reached the bridge the cover over the gun had already been raised it looked utterly ridicules like something from Dr. Who I almost expected the barrel to begin gyrating wildly along with a tinny voice blaring exterminate, exterminate, exterminate. It was supposed to resemble a Doppler radar dome and was raised by a hydraulic cylinder; fully extended the barrel had less than thirty degrees of elevation. Jim said, “Captain Herbs picked out an old stranded freighter about 8000 meters and were going to pump five rounds into her first trip.”
I said, “It's your ball game just show me the baby.”
Connie, Joyce, and Sam came on the bridge to watch the show.
Herb did last minute checks and gave the order to fire. The gun came alive and a round sped toward the target it was a little short, the next hit as did two more before the mechanism jammed. I looked over at Jim and said, “Bring back any memories.”
Herb rushed to see what had caused the problem. “I said, “who makes these damn things Fiat (fix it again Tony), the only thing more embarrassing, I can think of, is bringing a knife to a gun fight.”
We held station Herb returned and said, “There was a glitch in the feeding tray a couple of whacks took care of it.”
I said, “I hope that wasn't a live round you were beating on.” I saw a sly grin pass over Herbs face.
“OK let’s try it again.” This time ten rounds hit the target before the gun again jammed. Herb said, “Captain, I'll get that thing squared away tonight if I have to have Dan build us a new one from scratch. There’s another problem the dome won't retract, the damned thing looks like a big toadstool sitting out there.”
I said, “OK guys at least we know it'll hit something if we get it working, do what you can to come up with some fixes. Jim, Herb she’s all yours I'm going to turn in.”
That was one of the perks of being captain you could sometimes go to bed and leave a pile of crap for the underlings to sort out, besides we had more than our fair share of senior officers aboard. I whispered to Connie, “Let’s go work on having quiet sex if such a thing is possible.”
The next morning at breakfast Jim and I surmised we had probably suffered the same problem the pirates had faced on the Hurst, only they hadn't had Herb with a hammer.
Jim said, “Imagine where we would be if their gun hadn't jammed.”
I said, “imagine the shit we’d been in if they’d used their smarts and superior speed to open up the range then ran circles around us lobbing in a bunch of three inch shells, not to mention what they could have done with their secondary Bofors 40s. Still they looked to have a pretty good gun crew in number one, we got lucky you don't usually get second chances and that night we got a bunch. We need to make damn sure this gun doesn't jam on us at an inopportune moment.”
Things went better that morning with the gun Herb and Dan had burnt the midnight oil and had done some modifications it now seemed to work flawlessly. We spent the rest of the day working out the bugs getting in some hands-on experience Dan acted as a barometer for he was the only one who knew first hand the ship's handling characteristics. That evening we returned to Mayport with the toadstool raised and canted like a parasol, it was going to need some major modifications to hold up under operational conditions. Herb and Jim were already formulating plans to whack off the offending appendage and heave it overboard the first time it showed any further problems.
Allan sent word that there was a meeting tomorrow at nine. The next morning as Dan went to collect parts and Herb was overseeing the mushrooms rehabilitation I went to see Allan and find out exactly where we were going. Allan had charts spread out on the table. “George here’s the itinerary first stop Key West the Mohawk and Thetis are back operating out of there; after the Spelling deal we just had to get things rolling again down south.
“Next skirt, the coast of Cuba don't think you'll have any trouble Thetis, has already been there they saw some people waving from shore and a few small boats, once we find out what’s going on we'll put a cutter and some people back in Guantanamo.
“We want you to make a pass around the north side of Haiti and the Dominican, I shutter to think what you'll find, we don't want you to land just observe. If conditions are, right maybe, take the chopper and have a look around. Next on to Puerto Rico we’ve made radio contact, things were pretty grim there but some survived their living off the land. Again be careful don't take the ship into any harbor and for God sakes don't even think of tying up to a wharf; If for any reason you have to go ashore take a small boat armed to the teeth and stay within range of your gun.
“George we don't know who were dealing with they might try to take over the ship to get away or use it like the Hurst to go a pirating, anyway it isn't your job to shake hands just collect what information you can glean through the glasses or by helicopter. If you see any boats, treat then as hostile until proven otherwise. Next cruise the Virgins we don't know what's going on there either.
“We have a supply ship that will rendezvous with you here at Isla de Culebra it’s there for you to replenish or in the event you run into trouble to escort you back. It's your decision how far down the chain you go from there. I would like you to make a pass by Grand Cayman on your way back to Key West that’s the plan as it stands now. Couple of years ago it would have been an idyllic cruise; today I have no idea what you'll find.
“Most of those islands were over populated they’ve had to fend for themselves, no fuel, and food or outside contact. You can bet your sweet ass, whoever is left, has to be pretty damned tough and resourceful. Hell I don't need to be telling you all this it's like preaching to the choir.”
I said, “Allan have you ever wondered why I decided to go along with all of this crap. Maybe you believed I was doing it out of civic mindedness or I harbored some latent lust for adventure. I'll tell you why. I spent my life digging through mounds of dirt and rubble trying to piece together a picture of some ancient people’s lives and attempt to understand who they were, how they lived, and why their civilizations fell apart. I would have loved to have had the opportunity to go back in time and see how it really was.
“Here I am an archeologist, slap dab in the middle of the greatest catastrophe in human history. I want to attempt to describe it so those in my profession, who come along in the future, can have a clear picture and understanding of what this era was about, I don't want them left with just scraps and speculation to puzzle over. I know how they think and what’s important to them; this trip will allow me first-hand knowledge on how things came unglued in different places. I want to paint a picture so in five hundred or a thousand years there is no conjecture about what went on. In a since this is a three-fold mission, hopefully, everybody’s going to get something out of it.
”Allan it's going to be hard as hell if not impossible to learn what's going on with these people just by watching them through a pair of binoculars. This is supposed to be fact finding mission, for that you need boots on the ground. Maybe were not ready, maybe it would be better waiting until you can send in a properly equipped mission, scientists, diplomats along with the Marines.”
Alan said, “We’d love to be able to do just that, but we don't have the resources, I had to dig and scrape for months just to get Pisces ready. I know it's not the way you want to conduct research, but we just don't have any idea what you'll be up against. George I needn’t remind you that you have the ultimate responsibility for everyone’s life on this venture and I know you won't do anything intentional to endanger them or Connie. Use your judgment, if you feel safe going ashore from time to time go; just don't let your archeologist side get the better of your common sense.
“All the detailed stuff is here in the case go over it and get back to me. There's a list of the scientific personnel arriving next week, I'm sure Connie and Joyce will want to see that.
“George I could send Jim down there knowing he would get the job done and follow orders to a tee, Don’t kid yourself, I'm sending you because you've shown an ability to think on your feet, not because you’re a model naval officer. OK, get out of here; I know you got things to take care of. Don't forget the cookout Sunday afternoon and for your information, there will be real beef steaks!”
I hurried back so I could get Jim and Herb working on the details, it would keep them busy for the next couple of days. There were two trucks at the boat unloading parts, Dan and crew were covered in grease; they had a cottage industry set up ship side cleaning, inspecting and inventorying parts.
I said, “Dan where in the hell are you going to put all this crap?”
He said grinning, “Don't worry Captain I'll make it all go away, just don't go peeking under any bunks.”
I thumbed through the dispatch case and found the folder on the scientific personal and handed it to Connie and Joyce, they dug into it like kids at Christmas, I'd let them digest the contents and give me a report. I called Jim in and told him to go through and work up the necessary courses, timelines, and logistics but keep in mind nothing in there is set in stone and he could play around until he was happy. I said, “Let Herb in on the action. Take your time, and we'll all sit down and hash out the fine points when you’re ready.”
Allan was right I probably did make a piss poor naval officer, as for the thinking on my feet; I thought more of it as thinking on my knees tenderly scraping and brushing away layers of dirt ever vigilant for that one small fragment of something that would change our understanding of history.
The foredeck was swarming with activity and Herb was cussing like a sailor. All manner of ideas on how to make the mushroom perform had been bandied about, I had reached the point this morning where I had lost all confidence in the contraption yet the guy who’d designed it was bent on making his creation work at any cost.
I had taken Herb aside and asked, “Think they got a chance?”
Herb said, “Not a prayer, those fools want to mount a hydraulic cylinder from a dump truck on top of the gun the poor thing wasn't meant to carry that kind of weight. Captain they might get their shit to work and leave happy, but the guns going to be as worthless as tits on a boar.”
I said, “Herb someone’s always trying to reinvent the wheel, the Germans knew how to do it in both world wars camouflaging ships with just a little canvas, pipe, and paint, turned their commerce raiders into all sorts of merchantmen. Go fetch Dan and we'll come up with our own ideas. I'm going down and fire this bunch and run them the hell off our boat; they can take that frigging toadstool thing with them.
I looked up the designer of the offending piece of hardware and told him “I appreciate your efforts, but I'm going to have to put a stop to it. The gun is the essential piece of equipment here not your cover. My Chief Engineer will take charge of camouflaging the gun, I would like to have the dome and its associated hardware removed from my ship.”
He gave me an incredulous look and said, “I can't do that I'm under orders to make it work we’ve got a lot of time and labor invested.” 
I said, “fine, take it somewhere else and work on it to your hearts content just have it off my ship by this afternoon, if not I'm going to have it cut it up and the pieces thrown over the side. It's your choice, either way the damn things leaving here today.”
I got Herb and Dan together told them to make sure everything was removed and that no damage was done to the gun. Herb had evidently come to feel the gun was his own personal possession as he supervised the dismantling like a mother hen protecting her only chick. I might not be the brightest bulb in the naval officer’s box, but I was smart enough to know when my officers had bonded with each other and their ship.
Even with the ability to delegate responsibility I was still as busy as a one-armed paperhanger, it seemed everyone had a problem only I could solve. I didn't mind taking care of bottlenecks as they came with the job. Up until now things had been running along with just a hitch or two, nothing out of the ordinary. Then early the next morning I had a crisis dropped in my lap. It landed like a rock thrown thru the window, seemingly out of nowhere. What to serve for dinner and the decision was left to me.
At first I thought the note was a joke and I wrote bread and water three times a day until further notice and sent it back. Then I found out it wasn't a joke and there wasn't enough food on the ship to feed the crew and we were in port! I sent for the cook and called him onto the carpet. “What’s this crap I don't have enough food on board to make a meal? Look I know times are tough but my job is to run this ship yours is to feed its crew; how you do it should be your business. We have priority on available stores you've had over a month or more in which to find them, now at the last minute you can't scrape enough together to feed the crew one meal. Why in the hell didn't you say something sooner we have less than a week before we sail on a four month cruise what in the hell were you going to do hang a fishing line over the fantail.
“Mister If this was the regular Navy I'd personally hang your balls on a nail, you’re a civilian still I'm tempted. I don't want to hear any excuses get the hell out of here and find something to feed these people even if you have to take a goddamned gun and go shoot it yourself.”
I called my first crisis meeting. I said, “Look it's my responsibility and I dropped the ball big time, actually to be honest I didn’t give it a thought. I was never involved in provisioning there seemed to be a whole industry connected to it. I just knew it happened, trucks pulled up and things came on board. “Who has any experience?”
Herb said, “I was quartermaster of provisioning on a guided missile frigate.”
I said, “I hate to ask you to take on the job, but we can't sail until were provisioned, from now on your in charge of logistics. I guess it was left up to the cook. The guy can run a stove all right, but no one told him when he came on board he was also responsible for provisioning.
“Herb use anything or anybody you need to get the job done, by Tuesday every locker and cooler needs to be filled to the brim. Did any of you ever see Operation Petty Coat with Tony Curtis; see if we have an Ensign Nick Holden in the crew if not try to find us one every ship needs a Holden or even a Pulver to do the scrounging. I don't want to know how sneaky and underhanded you get just don't kill anybody, please.
“Linda your the new junior logistics officer you’ll report to Herb, I won't ask you to do anything untoward just make sure everything gets on board and is stowed properly, one of the perks, if you feel the urge is to kick the cook in the ass once in a while, I promise I won't look. Herb take Sam along man's good at ferreting out stuff. You have written orders giving us priority to requisition, use them.
“Remember what we manage to get on board is what were going to be eating for the next four months. Jim you and Cindy will have your hands full running Pisces for the next few days, but I don't want to be captain of a hungry ship, let me know where I can throw my weight around and keep me updated at least daily. Good luck. Somebody go and tell the cook to come back in.”
I'd had enough time to cool down and part of my irritation was my own failing of not having caught the problem in the first place. The cook stood in front of me with a hangdog expression. I said, “I'm not sorry for reaming you, I understand no one went over all the aspects of your job description. Still you could have told me or any one of the officers about your problems, we would have been glad to help and wouldn't be here at crisis level, as it was nobody had any inkling there was anything wrong.
“I'm the captain; it's my duty to know of any problems on my ship, preferably before they happen. On the other hand to your credit you have done a good job of feeding the crew up to this point, they give you high marks and reports are you keep a spotless galley. I have just made provisioning the number one priority, you will be working with Ensign Sanchez she is junior logistics officer. Can you come up with a list of what you’ll need to feed this crew for the next four months?”
“Yes Sir.”
“Good go over it with Linda; every effort will be made to get you what you need. I'm sure some things just can't be found anymore so try and be creative and above all make damn sure we eat well on this cruise and for Gods sake don't run out of coffee or you will find yourself swinging from a yardarm. That's all I ask, never do this again if you have a problem come and see me that’s what I'm here for. I want you to give Ensign Sanchez a daily report on how things are going.”
Outside of fire at sea or uncontrolled flooding, food was right up there as a top priority for any crew, food affects efficiency, safety, and morale I wasn't about to leave until I had satisfied myself we had more than adequate stores on board.
I hoped this was the only major glitch we would encounter, it should have been obvious yet it had blindsided all of us and shaken my confidence. What else had I missed, was there something more ominous we knew nothing about? I made it a point not to have something like this repeated, there was going to be some burning of the midnight oil to make sure we had everything from flashlight batteries to toilet paper, before the first line was cast off.
Herb went right to work he was one of those guys who rose to meet the challenge, turning him loose with hardly any restrictions brought out his resourcefulness. Herb was regular Navy and wore the uniform, which was a definite asset. Through the base, was under Coast Guard control it was still manned primarily by Navy personnel most held at least some animosity because the guard was in charge.
Herb shopping list and orders in hand made the rounds, it wasn’t his custom to take no for an answer and he marched right in waving the orders then personally checked the store rooms and warehouses directing Sam and crew to load up whatever items were on the list.
Trucks began pulling up and unloading boxes, crates, and bags of food, by Friday Herb, was well on his way to checking off most of the items on the list. He ended his daily report and gave me the same sly grin I had seen on the bridge. “We have some more shopping to do later tonight, Sam found a whole…”
I cut in, “Herb I don't need to know any of the gory details at least leave me a shred of plausibility so I can look genuinely shocked when the Shore Patrol shows up. All I can say, you did in a day and a half what should have taken weeks.”
We met twice a day to go over and ferret out any details we had overlooked, Herb, Linda and the cook tailored a provisioning list for the boat so from now on we would be able to keep track and have some idea of what we needed, refining the list as we went. Dan had been the only one who seemed to have a firm grip on his department his spares were all squared away and he said he was sleeping like a baby.
The gun camouflaging was nearing completion, Dan had taken on the job welding up lightweight weight frames covered with Sunbrella fabric they had been set up around the gun on hinges so at a moments notice they could be swung down out of the away giving the weapon unimpeded elevation and over a 180 degrees of travel. The frames were so light they could be taken apart and easily stored which was my intention and only to use them if we felt the need.
The original fiberglass cover was placed on the gun and it was looking like new. I asked Herb, “What in the hell were they trying to accomplish in the first place, can't see a hell of a lot of difference in the stock cover and the mushroom except size, they went through all that bullshit for zero gain.” I noticed on one of my trips around base that the mushroom lay abandoned next to a workshop.
Connie and I went to Allan’s for the cookout Sunday, Joyce tagged along as Sam was still helping Herb round up supplies. It was a small affair just the Bright’s, and us, still it made a nice change to get away from the boat and relax if just for the afternoon.
The girls were busy going over base gossip while Allan and I sat waiting for the grill to heat. He asked, “How are things going? Must be keeping you busy as you haven’t been around bugging me lately. Say the guy that fabricated that mount concealment came barging in to see me, didn't go away a happy camper said you threw him off the ship, wanted me to order you to let him continue. I told him I couldn't help him the decision was yours to make, what was the deal on that anyway?”
I said, “He had a real cluster going and was about to place almost a thousand pounds of hardware on the mount, can you imagine, besides the damn thing looked utterly ridiculous. Hell Allan it didn't look that much different from the original cover…that’s why I ran the bastard off. We built a Sunbrella fence around it, looks like part of the boat folds out-of-the-way in seconds.
There’s only been one serious SNAFU so far it seems the old cook was taken sick and had to be replaced, no one thought to brief the replacement or tell him that he was in charge of provisioning. He just went ahead and cooked everything on board then sent a note asking me to find him something to prepare for supper. I gave the guy a good reaming, but it was my fault none of my officers or I had given a thought to check the galley, classic case of groupthink. Got it straightened out the guys have been foraging high and low and now we almost have a full larder.
“You were right Herbs a go-getter saved the day. Allan I want to thank you I have a fine bunch of officers their all working well together and each has taken to the ship and their job.”
Allan said, “Say your guys didn't come across a stray refrigerated truckload of meat by any chance did they?”
I said, “Are you kidding we haven’t had meat in weeks that's why we're here today with bells on.”
Allan said, “Hate to break the news, but my steaks were on that truck best I can do right now is a hamburger. We can't figure it out, found the truck it never left base, but the contents were gone. If your guys do come across any stray meat let me know there’s enough beef, pork and poultry missing to feed a small ships company for months.”
I said, “If anything comes up I'll certainly let you know right away.”
He said, “Let’s put these damn hamburgers on, and just pretend it's a big juicy porterhouse. I really don't care about the rest, but I was looking forward to tucking into my first real steak in over a year, I'll skin the bastards that got them when I catch them.”
I sat munching on the hamburger wondering if just maybe I did have a Holden in my crew after all. I was going to make some inquiries and advise my guys to keep a lookout for any stolen meat, especially my commanding officers steaks. Christ a truckload the whole base had only been receiving two loads a month.
Next morning I sent for Herb. “Captain Bright informed me there was a hijacking involving a truckload of meat. I would appreciate you keeping an eye out, seems Captain Bright’s particularly interested in a dozen or so porterhouse steaks that had been sent to him personally. He’s threatening to turn the base upside down until he finds them, I think if he were to come across his steaks in good condition he would be inclined to drop the matter, just wanted you to know so keep an eye out. It's a shame I guess we'll just have to do without meat. If by chance, we do have any onboard order the cook to save it until we're at sea.”
Herb grinned, “If I should happen to come across anything I'll make every effort to recover the Captains steaks.”
“Thanks, Herb, Everything going OK?
“Yes sir cooks in seventh heaven.”
Connie and Joyce had been pouring over details of the scientific part of the mission and had been busy rounding up all the stuff they were going to need. I had given them free reign as this was something I knew nothing about just that there were only going to be six people coming aboard, which was good as every nook and cranny was stuffed with stores.
That afternoon our helicopter arrived it was more toy than machine and I wasn't sure if I could up get enough nerve to ride in the thing. It landed on the water then was craned aboard, everyone had been standing by with extinguishers along with a rescue launch beside the ship but it had gone well the little chopper now sat on the pad with the pilot-mechanic strapping it down, I had detailed Dan to make sure he received whatever he needed.
Everything had fallen in place we had gone over and over every conceivable detail, we could think of and had all reached consensus. Pisces was ready to go to sea, it was down to waiting for our scientific party to arrive. Wednesday afternoon the van carrying them pulled up, they spilled out stretching and looking at the ship. None appeared to be over forty, three men and three women.
Joyce immediately recognized one of her old colleagues and there was a tearful dockside reunion. I welcomed them aboard and they were shown to their quarters I would meet with them later with a proper welcome dinner and go over any last minute concerns or needs they might have.
Allan had also been present at the arrival he had shaken hands then given the ship the once over before taking me aside. “Damnedest thing happened those missing steaks showed up in a cooler on my back porch the other morning none the worse for wear, no note or anything complete mystery, guess I'll never know what happened to the rest. Shore Patrol is still investigating, they now think maybe the stuff was hustled out by boat and traded to one of the ship crews over at Blunt Island. Shame we didn't have those steaks Sunday, still I'll be thinking of you when I get around to cooking them.
“George your ship looks ready in all respects, nice job on hiding the gun, the little chopper on the back deck kinda sets everything off. We're going to begin flight operations again next month when the shipment of jet fuel arrives. George I was worried sick things were just going to keep declining but when I look around it gives me new hope that we are indeed digging our way out of this mess.
“There’s another gem I'll pass along, I was informed the GPS system will probably be reactivated in a couple of weeks so make sure you have working equipment on board, when it happens I'd still keep the sextants dusted off and at the ready just in case.”
I said, “I'll be glad of that, Jim and Herb have been doing most of it I was never great at working sights or plots and the business of not having a current almanac or truly accurate time really sucks.”
I cornered Herb first chance I got. “Captain Bright informed me he got his steaks back seems they turned up on his back porch, Shore Patrol thinks the rest was taken out by boat and traded on the black market. I think it would be nice if they didn't come across anything which would impede their investigation and they continued to stay focused in the direction they're going, don't you? On an unrelated subject, you might remind the crew of the old proverb that loose lips sink ships.”
With everything going on I, was beginning to think instead of the Coast Guard, I had joined McHale’s Navy. I'd better not forget I was the one who had instigated this charade in the first place. Who was it that opened his trap and said find me a Holden, so it was only fair I should act out my part along with the rest, even Bright? Hell it was like going back in time to the old Agerholm and all the shenanigans we youngsters used to pull.
That evening the scientific contingency was welcomed with a dinner, there was some concern expressed on how the new helipad was going to affect the operation of the fishing gear. I turned it over to Jim he didn't know any more about it than I did and deferred everything to Joe Whirly who was in charge of running the deck equipment. Joe jumped up like an MC of a reality show grinning and went into a spiel explaining though we had lost the full use of one of the cranes the ship was still capable of deploying most of its assets and though it might take a little longer to accomplish some tasks. He guaranteed satisfactory results and everybody would be happy.
Jim whispered to me, “He's doing a lot of guaranteeing, better have his fingers crossed, we haven’t even had one piece of trawling gear wet and nobody knows with that helicopter sitting back there if we'll even be able to dump it. Captain it’s going to be an interesting trip to Key West.”
I said, “You saying it might come down to me having to make a decision on whether to jettison the chopper or the trawl that could be a tricky one.”
To us not involved in fisheries science, satisfactory results would be measured by catching something tasty for dinner. No matter what the scientists thought of Pisces, to us she was a state of the art fishing machine, still you had to catch them before you studied them or ate them for that matter.
Joe Whirly was the only one in the group with any experience running the fishing gear he had worked on another NOAA boat before the Collapse, when it was decided to add the helipad Joe had been put in charge along with the same guy that had developed the failed mushroom. Dan had been left out of the loop and wasn't allowed a horse in the race, besides he had his hands full going through the ships systems making sure they were up and running. I had assumed when I came on board everyone knew what they were doing that is until the Mushroom debacle, now all of a sudden I was having second thoughts about the helipad as well.
As was pointed out adding it had hampered free movement of one crane, I didn't know anything about trawling gear but suspected before it was over I was going to be forced into becoming an expert. Well, we wouldn't know for sure until we deployed whether we could successfully retrieve it. I didn't relish the thought of dragging the crap all the way to Key West. After his ingratiating performance tonight Joe Whirly had made it to the top of my watch list, he just might pull it off and come out a hero still I planned to have a nail waiting for his nuts if he couldn't deliver on his promises.
During our usual pillow talk, I confided my concerns to Connie, she and her colleagues were looking forward to accomplishing their part of the mission,
I told her, “It could wind up being nothing yet I might be forced to dump the fishing gear if we can’t manage it. Then again, I may just leave the helicopter in Key West and cut off the helipad. Still it would be damn nice to keep the chopper even if it is a toy. 
I said, “Honey, Just keep me updated on what your guys are thinking I don't want to get into a position where are missions conflict and cause us disagreement.”
Early the next morning I went straight over to see Allan, Doris came to the door as cherry as usual and led in to Allan who was sitting at the kitchen table; He said with some surprise, “You’re an early bird today looking for worms are we? Have a cup of coffee instead.”
I sat down and said, “I may have a potential problem with the fishing gear it seems no one knows for sure whether it will work. Both my XO and chief engineer have expressed doubts about the helicopter pad. I have eight scientists on board eagerly waiting to drop their stuff in the water one of them is my wife. I don't want to leave knowing I might have to ditch either the gear of the chopper so while I have the chance I'm going to saddle you with the decision, another sea trial to test the gear or not?”
He said, “How come everyone’s having all these doubts at the last minute?”
I said, “There's only one rating on board who's worked for NOAA and knows anything about operating the trawl. He teamed up with the guys who dreamed up the funky gun cover and together they designed and built the pad. I strongly suspect judging by the gun housing none of them knew what the hell they were doing.
“My guys assumed they did and let them have their way. It’s not like the old days when they would have had people crawling all over each other looking up their asses.”
Bright said, “So now you’re over here at seven in the morning dumping it in my lap. You did the right thing, I love solving problems at sunrise, and you'll be delighted to learn I've already worked out a solution. Let's have another cup then I'll tell you to take care of it yourself, do whatever you think is best, and we can get on with the day. See how easy that was. Got any more problems I can help you with?”
That’s what I liked about Allan Bright always ready with a brilliant answer and to ease the burden from the shoulders of his subordinates.
Well OK, I could play the game and pass the buck too. I walked on board called Jim over and said, “Jim round up everyone and make ready to get underway ASAP.”
He looked puzzled “When Sir?”
I said, “I gave the order 10 seconds ago come on, were wasting time and have Joe Whirly come see me pronto. We're going to make a run out and see if he can make all those promises he was slinging around last night come true.”
It took two hours to get everyone on board and cast off. I told Joe we were going to put the fishing gear through its paces so he better be able to pull the promised rabbits out of the hat.
I asked Connie to get her crew rounded up and into the conference room. When they were assembled, I said, “Ladies, gentlemen once again welcome aboard Pisces. I'll make it short and sweet we really have no idea if the fishing gear is going to work or not owing to the installation of the helipad. My officers and crew are Coast Guard or Navy and can run the ship, but none of us have experience fishing so have been relying solely on Joe Whirly’s experience. We'll start deploying gear in about an hour. If any of you have previous experience now's the time to step up to the plate. Thank you and let’s hope for the best.”
One young man stood up. “Captain, I'm Ned Borowitz, I've been on a couple of these NOAA missions aboard the Henry Bigelow a sister ship to Pisces and I’d be happy to lend a hand.”
I said, “Good we can use you see Dan, our engineer.”
I had another meeting on the bridge and told everyone to be on their toes and again told Joe. “You've had two months to plan how your stuffs going to work now make it happen you run the equipment but understand Dan's in charge of the deck he's going to keep his eyes open and watch for anything dangerous. Good luck, Joe give it your best shot.”
It turned into an anti-climax as we spent the afternoon setting and hauling gear there were some glitches, but nothing like I had been led to believe. It was a nice feeling to have something go right for a change. Maybe I had over reacted but now we knew for sure our stuff worked and for the moment there would be peace and harmony in the valley though experience had taught me even that would all too quickly pass.
When the gear had been brought aboard I called a meeting. I said, “We were scheduled to leave in the morning, by all accounts were as ready as we’ll ever be and unless someone has a valid reason for returning to Mayport. I plan on proceeding to Key West. Jim, Herb, Dan can you think of anything? OK, Jim run it through on the PA and inform everyone if nothing legit comes back inform Mayport were heading south and that we'll see them in four months.”
****
Chapter Eight Voyage into the Unknown
Jim made the announcement over the PA and Pisces pointed her bow south plugging along at eleven knots. Next stop would be Key West in two days giving us time to shake out some of the wrinkles in our operations.
I told Jim, “Pisces is all yours take good care of my iron mistress; I need to spend a little time with my flesh and blood gal for a day or two.”
Jim said, “That's true both ships and women demand constant attention, go ahead Captain I'll watch over this one for you.”
For the first time since we arrived in Mayport I felt relaxed, we were finally at sea and it was good to feel the ship under my feet. Some guys I served with never adjusted to the sounds or motion of a ship but I had always managed to become attuned to the rhythm of the vessels in which I served, learning to judge the state of things just by the sounds and vibration. We had dinner with Joyce, Sam, and a couple of the scientific party. They were looking forward to getting back to doing their jobs as it gave them some form of normalcy even though like the rest of us were working only for food. I reminded them that when they started bringing in fish the crew required some good specimens for a taste test.
I popped in, checked on the bridge then Connie and I walked out, and stood leaning on the bridge rail.
I said, “Who would have thought a year ago, we would be standing here. I never told you, but before this started I was on my way to taking little Surreal and cruising the Caribbean. My only ambition then was to chase women, lay around drunk, and fade into oblivion. Now I hardly drink, you’re the only women I ever want to chase, and I'm captain of a two hundred foot research ship. I guess I'll just have to settle for drinking coffee, loving you and seeing the Caribbean or what’s left of it from this bridge wing.
She said, “GW, you sound disappointed, are you?”
I said, “Heavens no honey just the opposite, with you standing here beside me I'm the happiest guy on planet earth…. How’s your side of things shaping up?”
She said, “I think everything’s OK, so far they seem to be a pretty mellow group, Dr. Clyde Brothers, the tall guy you were talking to that worked with Joyce years ago, he's in charge seems real nice. I don't know how to do anything yet, but it looks like it'll be interesting, their going to start showing us what we'll be doing tomorrow. Oh, Ned wanted me to ask you when the freezer in the lab would be available seems its chock full of meat at the moment.”
I said, “Tell him to see Herb or Linda their in charge of stores. Meat you say, I didn't think we had any on board… must have been a last minute delivery.”
The cruise to Key West was uneventful, Jim and Herb put the ship and crew through their paces while Joe Whirly worked with the scientists deploying various gear. We had been in sight of the coast most of the way down, it was strange traveling along the east coast of Florida and at night, seeing nothing but total blackness. Occasionally a small fire or twinkling light gave proof that there were still a few people tenaciously clinging to life.
We pulled into Key West Thetis, and Mohawk were both in port and we tied up behind them, Abe Gully was waiting to greet us. “Welcome to Key West George how’s Pisces been performing for you?”
I noticed Abe now wore captain’s rank. “Hello Abe, everything’s going pretty well so far, knock on wood…how about you, feeling OK?”
“Yeah, were all healed up, the Mohawk and I both got a few scars.” And he pointed to his forehead.”
I said, “Brought a bunch of stuff down for you, shits piled up all over the place, can't hardly walk through the ship.”
Abe said, “I'll take care of it…. When you get settled in I'll bring you up to speed on what we've found out so far.”
After dinner, I got together with Abe and Chad Seltman, the captain of Thetis. Abe said, “A little less than a month ago Chad here made a pass along the coast of Cuba, saw a few small boats and some people on shore, but didn't make any contact. Last week I took Mohawk in close and talked to some fishermen, they got hit hard, over half their population. Like everyone else, the rest seem to have come through pretty well all things considered. Hell, the Cubans, were so used to doing without for so long this was just another bump in the road for most of them.
“The Castro crowd’s history they got some new kind of quasi-socialist, capitalist system in place and there even using currency again can you believe it, hell we don't have a monetary system of our own yet. Anyway from what I could learn it sounds like they pretty well got their shit together. When you’re ready, I thought we could take Pisces and one of the cutters slide into Havana and say hello, understand you’re going to cruise the coast anyway.
“What a turnaround, first diplomatic mission for the US will be Cuba! Well, anyway we need to see if maybe we can get some trade going. Is that going to sit OK with you George?”
I said, “Allan gave me orders not to go into any harbor or make contact and only observe from a safe distance, but he also said I could make a landing if I felt it was safe. I agree with you we’re going to have to make contact if were ever going to get things up and running, even if it means conducting trade as we did two or three hundred years ago. This time on a more equable footing and with no slavery involved. Do you think we'll be OK going into Havana?”
Abe said, “Just to be on the safe side I'll have Chad with Thetis standing by just off shore.”
For the next two days, we went over the fine points of the plan it was decided Pisces would go in under the cover of one of the cutters and ask to meet with a delegation. The meeting would be held aboard Pisces that way we could avoid putting people ashore until we were sure the situation was safe. I radioed Allan with our intentions; he OKed it but cautioned we weren’t to conduct any negotiations as the officially the embargo was still in effect.
I said, “Christ I can't believe after all this we're still stuck with past policies, as far as I'm concerned the slate has been wiped clean, if these people want to be friendly I'm willing to talk with them until I'm blue in the face.” Abe echoed my sentiments.
The little flotilla left, with Pisces flanked by the two cutters I noticed Mohawk had a small destroyer broken in two painted on her bridge. We proceeded, and entered the historic Port of Havana and dropped anchor. The Mohawk stayed far enough back that she could act as support. Jim and Herb kept the crew at the ready in case we had to get under way at a moment's notice.
Small boats began to gather around, they were smiling and waving, among them was a friendly young man wearing a uniform. I had Linda ask him who was in charge and to tell them we would like to arrange a meeting here on the ship.
In about an hour, a boat rowed out with what looked to be a delegation of three civilians along with two armed men in uniform. I invited them on board; we shook hands all around and had them conducted to the conference room. Linda stood by to act as translator, but all three men spoke passable English,
They said they were members of the elected general council, that Cuba had gone through the same turmoil which had affected every country but after the initial die off of the old, sick and young, Cubans came together and began to work and share. They had elected a council to keep things on track and though it had been a struggle had managed to keep their agriculture going and their population was now able to feed itself.
He said it was hardship having almost no electricity or fuel and they were living practically in the Stone Age but were getting by. He thought it was due to the climate and the fact they hadn't slaughtered all their animals, he believed if Cuba could begin to trade and obtain fuel supplies the country would recover.
I told him we had been sent on a fact-finding mission and the United States was in the same shape as Cuba but we were in the process getting our energy production up and going. We had nowhere near the domestic demands we had before the Collapse and it would only be a matter of months until we would be in a position to begin trade and the United States was looking forward to establishing warm relationships with her neighbors.
I spent hours with the head of the council Senor José Mendez we talked about how we had survived; I went into the details of the symposium and how I had come to view humankind. He said, “Captain Collins I haven’t told you the whole story of our survival, it will come out eventually, and it is a cross I will have to bear for the rest of my life. Cuba was like the rest of the world our people were starving, we knew famine was going to take almost half the population but which half? We could just let nature take its course or we could attempt to shape events and save the best among us, those who would most benefit Cuba when the crisis had passed.
“We made a conscious decision to play God and to select who would live and those who would die. A panel was put in place; I was one of its members, we were elected so it wasn't like we appointed ourselves. I along with the rest had to make the decision to let millions die based on our criteria. I still see their faces at night and it haunts me. We tried to be fair even members of my own family were left to die. I don't know if it was right or wrong what we did, the only justification is that Cuba is still here today, and I can only believe the people left are the best and brightest. Captain, I have to live with myself knowing I may have participated in genocide.”
Even after what he had told me I found him intelligent, sincere, and humble unlike so many of the self-important bellicose leaders of the past. There was a part of me that found what they had done repugnant, yet I couldn't bring myself to view Senor Mendez as a mass murderer. I had met murderers and I myself had murdered, we had all been the subjects of nature’s law and the survival of the fittest.
Man's law, nature's law they had been in conflict and in the end it was nature’s that prevailed. It could be argued they had only aided nature by culling the weak from the strong, the good from the bad thus giving the strong and good an advantage.
Anyway it wasn’t for me to condone or condemn, my job was to collect information on how various societies had dealt with the Collapse, and each would give me a different perspective. I told him; “Senor Mendez we should look only to the future and make sure we didn’t repeat our mistakes for do so would truly constitute an unpardonable sin.”
I told him we were going to Hispaniola next. He warned to be careful as a flood of refugees had inundated Cuba and it had started a bitter war.
I came away from the meeting feeling that even though this new Government had blood on its hands they were repentant and would be frank, honest, and easy to work with, provided we didn't screw it up by sending some idiot down to open negations. I wrote out a long report to Allan expressing my views and gave it to Chad.
We cruised Cuban waters for a couple of days in consort with Mohawk, enjoying the scenery and letting the scientists do their thing then we made our way to the naval base at Guantanamo Bay to see how it had fared. There were no surprises it was just like everywhere else we’d visited, deserted and overgrown, we stayed overnight, said goodbye to the Mohawk and headed for Haiti.
Herb had been drilling the gun crews, we like the cutters had fifty caliber machine guns on both sides of the ship they could be mounted and manned in just minutes. Jim had suggested that all officers be issued side arms. I agreed and also gave many of the crew access to assault rifles.
With so many of the crew armed to the teeth, I felt it was time to lay out some rules of engagement. We would show no belligerence toward anyone we encountered which meant keeping arms out of sight as much as possible yet having them handy.
Every attempt would be made to keep the ship from getting into any kind of situation whereby we could be overrun that meant not venturing into waters where our movements might be constrained. If we anchored close to shore, the watch would be doubled and armed. All shore parties were to contain at least two armed members and could consist of no more than six persons at any time and these parties would have to remain in sight of the ship. These rules could only amended by Jim, Herb, or myself. Of course, in the event, anyone was attacked they were allowed to respond in kind.
I warned Herb, no one gets trigger-happy on my ship, and this isn't a hunting expedition. Make sure you go over what constitutes individual rules of engagement and the use of deadly force with everyone even the scientific party so there is no misunderstanding.
At lunch the next day Carol Abernathy one of the members of the scientific team asked, “Captain why was I subjected to that rules of whatever nonsense, you don't think we will encounter any trouble, the people, we met in Cuba, were so friendly.”
I answered, “I am hoping not, but the Cubans have a pretty decent government setup, I'm not sure other places we visit will be so well organized. It's better to keep our guard up until we know all the facts.”
She said, “I was looking forward to being able to go ashore and do some sampling, does this mean I'm not going to be able to perform my job.”
I said, “I’ll do everything I can to accommodate you as long as it doesn't compromise the safety of this ship, please see Lieutenant Commander. Bishop, and give him your requests. he will try to work them in.”
She answered, “Captain may I remind you this is a research ship and that its primary mission is the study of marine life, I don't think the term ‘working in’ is appropriate, after all it's been over three years since any of these studies have been done. I want to do the research I came here for, and I fully expect to have the ships cooperation in order to carry it out.”
I said, “Miss Abernathy I can only empathize that my first responsibility is to protect the ship and all those aboard after those concerns are addressed I will be happy to oblige you. I myself would like to do some exploring but am laboring under the same constraints as everyone else.”
She said, curtly, “Captain that would be Ms. Abernathy if you please.”
I thought oh well even Eden had its serpent; thank God the rest of the bunch seemed convivial enough. I'd let Herb and Jim deal with Ms. Abernathy from now on.
That evening I queried Connie further about Ms. Abernathy. Connie said, “I'm not sure, but both Joyce and I get the feeling that she might be a little on the gay side, She has this butchness about her, I can't say for a fact I don't know the women that well, but we've noticed Jill and Betty seem to shy away from her too. I'm dying to find out what they think, but I don't know them well enough to get into that kind of conversation, I just know she’s a pain to work around.”
I asked, “She been hitting on you.”
“No we didn't give her the chance Joyce and I have made our preferences pretty clear, I think that’s why she’s been so snippy.”
I said, “Great that's all I need is a Sapphic aboard.”
Connie piped up, “Two.”
I said, “Two who else?”
“One of your girls.”
“My girls, I only got two, you, and the ship.”
“She said, “Your Ensign, Cindy.”
I said, “Cindy Kottmyre, nooo.”
“Oh yes, ask her she makes no bones about it, this isn’t the old days of don't ask don't tell.”
I said, “I'll be damned, had no idea.”
She said, “Couple of days before we left she was with another girl and introduced her to Joyce and I as her partner.”
“God honey I hope it isn't catching, I better keep you well serviced just in case and think all this time I've been worried about the guys.” I chuckled, “You know after I had my little talk with them, Linda and Cindy I was worried about what was going to happen between the boys and girls being cooped up together on the ship for three or four months and I kinda thought, well hoped, maybe they were lesbians, problem solved.”
I went on, “At least I was half right; I really don't care whose diddling who so long as everyone does their job. Keep me posted if things look like they might get out of hand, OK…. Regardless of her sexual orientation I think she’s a bitch.”
She asked, “Who?”
I said, “Ms. Abernathy, especially if she’s mistreating my sweetie.”
She said, “Don't worry your sweetie can take care of herself.”
We had made the hop from Cuba to Haiti it was like entering a different world Cuba had been green and lush but as I scanned the hills of Haiti I was met with brown and barren, I found it hard to believe this at one time,  had been considered the most beautiful and prosperous spot in the western hemisphere. I wanted to make a couple of flights with the little toy chopper and get a birds eye view but it would require calm water to launch and recover as it had to be swung over the side by the crane and placed in the water.
I still couldn't understand why Allan hadn't sent one of the cutters to do this, especially since Mohawk had piddled around with us for three days. Shit in the time they wasted they could have run over here launched the little thing from the flight deck took a bunch of pictures and hightailed it back.
I talked it over with Jim and Herb and decided to go into the bay at Port-au-Prince just far enough to find some calm water for the launching. We entered at general quarters the machine guns manned officers wearing side arms and our little fire control station at the ready.
I scanned with the glasses but could find no sign of human activity just desolation and overgrown ruins. We went to work Sam was now the crane operator and he gently swung the little machine over the side, Gerald Spencer the pilot and I were in the inflatable waiting and when it was lowered into the water we motored over Gerald unfastened the cable and then the strap which held the blades fore and aft. We climbed in fastened our belts the inflatable then towed us a safe distance from the side of the ship.
Gerald made last minute checks then started the chopper neither one of us could be considered big men but our shoulders were crammed so uncomfortably together that I was glad this flight would only last an hour. I had a high-resolution digital camera in my lap and took a picture of the ship as we lifted off. I told Gerald to keep a lookout in case anyone took a pot shot at us, I hadn't seen a damn thing but you never knew.
We made our way to the docks then flew over the city, below was what could only be described as a wasteland covered in rubble and junk, we cruised over the city which once teemed with millions. Below us not a living thing could be discerned; only new scrubby growth seemed in abundance taking hold wherever the opportunity presented itself.
We widened the search but after an hour had found no signs of current human activity, not even a wandering dog. Gerald said, “Reckon the whole islands this way, everybody bought it?”
I said, “Doesn't look good we'll fly over Cap Haitian tomorrow and have another look, maybe things will be better in the outlying areas. If there is anyone left, I don't think they would want to live down there in all that crap.”
We returned to the ship and stowed the chopper, Later I downloaded the pictures so everyone on board could see the devastation. It wasn't so much the devastation as almost every city in the world lay in ruins, what we always found alarming was the total absence of life.
I told Jim and Herb that evening. “Tomorrow we'll begin concentrating on the coast as it's a foregone conclusion no ones living in cities anymore, if there’s anyone left their going to be in out-of-the-way places where they have a natural supply of fresh water and access to the sea, probably with a spot to raise a garden.
From what we saw today if anyone’s living, their doing so at a subsistence level, I doubt we can find over a few thousand people on the whole island of Hispaniola. Let's swing around to Labadee tomorrow it's an old Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines stop, used to be beautiful.
Dan has some major maintenance to do on one of the mains; if it turns out to be safe maybe, we can give the crew some R&R. Gerald can give me a tour over Cap Haitian then we'll head on down the line to the Puerto Rico. Herb you might ask Doc. Brothers if his team has any objections, don't see why they would, it's a certainty nobody is going to be depleting fish stocks around here for a while.”
We made our way around and stayed off shore until morning then crept into Labadee with everyone on edge, but there was no movement on shore. We anchored by the Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines complex it lay in decay an eyesore to the otherwise beautiful white beaches and sparkling water which beckoned to the crew. Jim had both the launch and inflatable put in the water Herb and four armed members of the crew went ashore to investigate, they returned and said it was clear so Jim let those not on watch go ashore to relax on the beach and swim.
The little helicopter was launched, Gerald and I began our trip to see Cap Haitian, we flew over the hills and made a couple of passes over the city there were four or five fishing boats the first we had seen anywhere in Haiti but no sign of life. We were about to turn back when we saw a wisp of smoke, Gerald swung around, and we investigated. The smoke was coming from a cooking fire we could see a group of a half-dozen gathered around it, they saw the helicopter and began to wave. We continued to circle and counted about a dozen more people heading in the direction of the fire. I said to Gerald, “Well someone made it, wish I knew their story, but I'm not about to land and find out, besides I don't speak French, lets head on back.”
That afternoon the lookout reported a small boat was approaching the ship and reported there were only two people on board. I looked through the glasses and saw a man and woman sailing in our direction. In a half hour, they came within hailing distance and began waving and smiling and speaking French, over the PA I asked if we had any French speakers aboard, Ms. Abernathy responded and said she spoke French fluently. I asked if she would act as translator, Connie also knew a little French and came along to listen in.
The couple came alongside Pisces; Carol spoke with them at length then told us they were among only a handful that had made it. They had lost their children and barely managed to survive the hunger and disease that had swept away almost all of the others. They said there was only a dozen or so left they knew of.
They asked Carol if we had anything to spare such as fishhooks. They seemed to be a friendly couple and posed no threat, I asked Herb if we could round up some fishing tackle to give them. I was impressed as they had asked only for tools to gather food rather than food itself. They took the tackle thanked us saying they would bring us some fish tomorrow.
Dan came to see me covered in grease and asked if we could layover another day as the repairs were more extensive than he had initially thought, but felt if he could take care of them now it would head off a major problem down the road. I had reservations as I didn't like to stay in one place too long, but gave permission as I knew Dan wouldn’t have made a request unless he felt it necessary. I told Jim to keep the lookouts on their toes that even though I hadn't seen any real threats I'd rather be safe than sorry.
That evening Connie said, “Well you told me to let you know if I saw anything, I don't want to be a gossip but I think Ms. Abernathy and your Cindy have hooked up. They spent a lot of time in the water horsing around with each other today, even though they were going out of their way not to be conspicuous, I suspect there was some hank panky going on below the surface.”
I said, “Maybe it’ll improve the bitch’s attitude. I think I'll come along tomorrow and we can make a little hank panky of our own.”
Connie said, “Can we make a little hank panky now I rather not wait that long.”
The next morning everyone was anxious to go ashore and spend the day. Jim sent a crew to reconnoiter the area around the beach when they gave the all clear parties were allowed to go ashore, even the cook asked permission to have a beach barbecue in the afternoon. It was an Idyllic setting and the crew were clearly enjoying themselves, I lived up to my promise and Connie and I had gone in to lie on the beach and frolic in the warm clear water. The cook set up and was preparing racks of ribs for the cookout as late afternoon approached.
Back on Pisces the couple in the small sailboat returned with the promised fish. Carol had been talking with them and had asked if they would take her and Cindy ashore. They left the ship but instead of coming directly to the beach chose instead to have the couple land drop them off farther down from the group so they could have some privacy. No one had given them any notice and the watch on duty assumed since Cindy was an officer, wearing a sidearm it was all right, and besides they hadn't ventured any great distance, so they saw no need to alert Jim or Herb.
It was late afternoon the ribs were done, and everyone had a plate. It had been a party atmosphere all day, just the ticket needed for any crew to shed the stresses of being crammed together aboard a small ship. Connie and I were sitting in the sand, a plate between us picking on a rack of ribs when a gunshot rang out.
Instantly everyone jumped to their feet and looked in the direction of the sound, down the beach running in our direction came Ensign Kottmyre with two men in pursuit she turned and fired one of the men pitched forward in the sand the other stopped, hesitated for a second, then turned and ran. I grabbed the glasses and could see several others in the distance, they had hold of Carol Abernathy and were dragging her away. The guards started running down the beach in pursuit, I shouted for them to stop and come back as they were the only protection for the whole group and I didn't want to leave the party undefended.
Cindy came running into the gathering dropped to her knees out of breath. I ran over to her and asked “Cindy what happened.”
She said breathlessly, “Carol and I went exploring and were on our way back when these guys' jumped us. I was able to break free and shot one then we started running, they chased us up the beach, I shot another but they got Carol.”
I told everyone to get back to the ship, it would take two trips to ferry everyone, the scientists first. I called the ship and asked them to provide us with cover; our day in paradise was over. I remained with the guards until everyone was off the beach.
 Back on the ship I immediately called Cindy in and asked her to give me a full account of exactly what happened. She went over it I'm sure leaving out the more intimate details, when she had finished I said, “Cindy you disobeyed orders and put lives in danger I’ll deal with you later, right now I have to focus on the situation with Ms. Abernathy.”
I called the officers into conference I said, “From what Cindy’s told me they seemed to have no weapons except knives and machetes she doesn't have any idea of how many maybe a dozen, anyway she nailed two of them, one's still laying on the beach. I can't send a search party out after dark poking around not knowing anything about the area and who were dealing with.
We can't do anything tonight but make sure the ship is secure, Jim tell your guys to stay awake shoot first and ask questions later. Herb, I want you to find out if anyone aboard has any actual combat experience if we have to go looking I want the best-trained men we've got. Dan how close are you to having your problems fixed?
“Captain I'll be done in a couple of hours.”
“Good I want this ship ready to get under way at a moment's notice. OK, those who can, get some sleep and we'll see what tomorrow brings.”
As I sat on the edge of the bunk, Connie asked, “What are you going to do?”
“I don't know, this is why I didn't want to get into a situation like this, we have very limited response capability ashore. To tell you the truth, I'd just as soon leave the bitch here and not risk any more of my crew. Hell she speaks French, it wouldn't surprise me if they came begging us to take her back. Looks to be a rough day tomorrow honey, try to get some sleep.”
The next morning I was on the bridge at daybreak with a mug of coffee when Linda said, “Sir, lookouts spotted a small boat headed this way, I went to the bridge wing and looked through the glasses it was the same small boat and couple. This time he was waving a white flag. They came within shouting distance, I told Linda to go get Connie as she spoke some French, unlike before every gun on the ship was pointed at the two. He made a jester to come closer, I told Jim to let him come along side, the man handed the flag to a rating who came running with it to the bridge and handed it to me. What I thought was a white flag of truce was, in fact, a pair of ripped up panties with red writing apparently done in lipstick. I went inside and carefully spread the underwear out on the chart table so as not to smear the writing it read. They want rifles, bullets, and all the gasoline or they will kill me PLEASE HELP THEY’RE HURTING ME. Everyone was standing around the chart table looking at the panties. Cindy said dryly, “Their Carols” I declined to ask how she knew.
I said, “OK we know what they want; How do they plan on going about getting it?
Bring the couple on board and have them wait in the conference room.”
Connie was by this time on the bridge with the rest of us I said, “Come along I'm going to need a translator and you’re the only one I got.”
She said, “Let me run get my laptop I have a translation app. that might help.”
We sat at the table, I asked Connie to see if she could find out how they were involved in this mess. It took almost an hour for Connie to come up with the story. The couple had dropped off Cindy and Carol and had no idea of the others presents, they had evidently come over from Cap Haitian to investigate after seeing the helicopter. It was a moment of opportunity for them when they found the two women alone, a struggle ensued, and Carol was taken prisoner. There probably wouldn't have been a whole lot to it but when Cindy killed two of their number things changed and now they wanted retribution for the killings in the form of guns and gas.
From what Connie was able to ascertain the couple said they were bad men, if they got guns and gasoline they would terrorize those decent few people left like themselves and begged Connie not to give them anything.
I asked if Carol was OK and they said she had been abused, but they probably wouldn't kill her if we didn't meet their demands, but would likely keep her as a sex slave. I could hear the tension in Connie's voice and knew precisely what was going through her mind.
I had to formulate a plan I asked the man and woman if they would help so I would not be forced to give the bad men guns. They said yes, I had them show me on the map where Carol was being held, they said there were eight of them and one who arrived later with an old rifle, outside of the rifle they were armed only with knives, machetes and clubs, the man added he thought they would kill her if we stormed ashore in force.
I had to come up with a plan that didn't involve arming the peasants with assault rifles, as to do so would make those eight capable of subjugating the whole of the population, and start the chain of misery all over again. Nor was I willing to part with our meager store of gasoline for then we would not be able to fly the chopper or use the inflatable. I was going to have to stall them and formulate a plan.
I sent the couple out and had Jim and Herb come in. I said, “Were going to have to attempt a rescue, which means putting a team together.”
Herb said, “I found your man, Dennis Neiheimer ships diver, he's a retired SEAL.”
I said, “Good send for him right now.” In a couple of minutes, Dennis came in and I went over everything we had learned, then said, “Dennis your the only man aboard who has enough expertise with this sorta thing to pull it off. I'm placing you in charge and giving you all the resources we have available starting now.”
He said, “If I had a team it would be a piece of cake. There’s still an outside chance I could take them out by myself, but I can't guarantee the safety of the hostage, they might cut her throat before I could get them all. It would be nice to have a couple of more guys along who knew what they were doing.” 
I asked, “Got anybody in mind?”
He said, “I don't know if Sam has any training, but he seems game enough.”
I said, “I've known Sam for a long time he's a hunter at heart and he's damn sure game. Herb send Sam in here.”
So began the planning, Sam volunteered along with little Ned Borowitz, who had served tours in both Iraq and Afghanistan. Dennis quickly went to work. He said, “It’ll be necessary to delay them so we can go in under the cover of darkness. Make up a response telling them we will meet all their demands tomorrow morning. Tell them you're going to put the stuff in a boat and in turn they will have the couple outside setout with the hostage, we'll then cut the boat loose with their stuff in it.
“Just make up anything that will keep them believing it's going to happen. I'm sure they probably got a lookout posted so this afternoon we’ll send in a crew to get one of the shuttle boats off the beach. My team will go in with them and in all the confusion we'll hide and wait until tonight then work our way to the hostage and effect an extraction. As long as they think every ones on the ship they’re less likely to be on guard.
I wrote out a note to Carol to be read to the kidnappers explaining the details of the transfer tomorrow and that we would meet their terms. I ended with what I hoped would have meaning to Carol. Be vigilant do not despair as all our thoughts and prayers will be visited on you tonight. I gave the note to the couple and sent them back to the kidnappers.
We had a lot to do, Pisces wasn't an assault ship so we had to dig deep to find Dennis, Ned, and Sam adequate equipment. Dennis spent the morning going over the plans until everyone understood their part. Preparations were also made to retrieve one of the boats on the beach and a party was sent to scout the area, Dennis went along to get the lay of the land and to pick out which boat would be best suited. With the help of the powerful glasses on the bridge, Dennis was able to locate the lone lookout. About three thirty in the afternoon both the launch and inflatable were sent to fetch the boat, the team went along with their gear and as the party was working to get the boat freed from the beach they slipped undetected into another and hid.
Once the shuttle boat was tied alongside the ship, there was much-exaggerated activity. Water filled drums were swung out by the crane and loaded into the boat along with a crate which looked to be filled with rifles. Though it appeared to be full there were only two on top and they had been rendered inoperable, it was conveniently tipped over on the deck so the lookout could catch a glimpse of the rifles. Next two ammo cases filled with junk were loaded. Before dark, both the launch and inflatable were brought on board to give the lookout the impression we were done for the day, now all that was left for us to do, was wait.
The team waited until darkness then Dennis left the others to make his reconnaissance, first he sought out the lookout but found to his relief he had gone. It took him about an hour to cover the distance and locate the group who were camped out in an old villa. He made note of how many, the layout of the house, and where Carol was being held. When he found her, she was almost naked hands tied behind her back and ankles hobbled so she couldn't run. The group was taking great delight in harassing her, one poking at her private parts with a stick, she would snap back at them in French, which only made them roar with laughter.
Dennis watched and studied making a mental picture getting the rhythm of the group. He waited until they bedded down for the night then made his way back to the others. Dennis signaled the boat that all was in readiness and he led his team toward their objective, on the ship the inflatable was placed in the water at the ready.
The stern anchor had been set so the ship could be swung and the main gun could train along the entire length of the beach. The ships crew were all wide-awake and at general quarters. Jim, Herb, and I paced the bridge, as did our two Ensigns. Cindy had been walking as if on egg shells since the incident, I had led her to believe that at any moment she could become the target of my wrath, I had deliberately left her with this impression as I felt it would be fit punishment. I had been a young Ensign once and had broken my share of rules luckily none of my capers had resulted in the loss of anyone’s life. What her punishment would be depended on the outcome but for the present, I was content to watch her sweat.
In the darkness, we took turns with the night vision glasses. There were only three pairs on board which still worked. Dennis had the only pair that could be worn; there was a large pair on each of the bridge wings and three others not even Dan had been able to coax into working.
We took turns watching the beach for any movement. Three o’clock rolled around, this was the hour Dennis had chosen to commence the operation. The minutes ticked by and it slowly turned four still nothing had been heard or spotted, by four thirty I was on my sixth cup of coffee and a nervous wreck.
Linda suddenly said, “Flare over there sir.”
I looked and sure enough there was a green flare the signal to be picked up. The inflatable had been waiting at the ready hidden behind the tour boat. It came to life and sped toward the green flickering light far down the beach, in ten minutes they pulled alongside the gangway among them was an almost naked Carol Abernathy looking somewhat the worse for wear. A blanket was quickly passed down; she was wrapped and helped on board. As the team followed Sam looked at me and said, “Dennis is the man.”
I said, “Follow me time for debriefing in the conference room.”
I asked Dennis how things had gone. He said, “It was too easy there was only one guarding Carol and the rest were fast asleep. I was able to slip in, Carol saw me but I made a sign for her to be silent. The guy guarding her began to stir so I had to slit his throat, I grabbed Carol led her from the house, Sam threw her over his shoulder and we hauled ass to the pick up point. I doubt if the others are even awake yet.”
Nonetheless, I immediately ordered the boat alongside cut loose; the aft anchor hauled in and gave orders to prepare to get underway. Dawn was breaking when we saw the group gathered on the beach. I ordered the anchor raised and we got under way. The mob on shore was focused on the drifting boat which had almost reached the shore. Herb was standing next to me, I said, “Herb why don't you and Jim get in a little gunnery practice and give that nice couple a break with starting their new life.”
As the ship began to make way, the gun was brought to bear on the boat. The bunch were now aboard and had begun rummaging through the boxes and opening the water-filled drums evidently disappointed the one with the rifle began firing at the ship. Herb gave the order and in three rounds the boat and people ceased to exist.
Connie was standing next to me she asked, “GW why did you do that to those people.”
I told her, if I hadn't the couple that helped us would have been blamed and punished just for being decent folk.
****
Chapter Nine Visions of Empire
We had made two stops yet how different they had been, Cuba poised to make a stunning comeback, and Haiti along with the Dominican Republic almost devoid of life. It would be generations before the islands scars healed and it once again became the jewel of the Caribbean. I sent a short report to Allan by radio as we proceeded to San Juan.
There was at least some radio contact with Puerto Rico and it gave us an understanding of conditions which not good were much better than Haiti. There were between three and six hundred thousand of the population left, they had subsisted mainly on fish but were expanding agriculture and managing to feed themselves. Like Cuba, they desperately needed energy and were back to doing everything by manpower alone.
Another of the new realities facing us was when someone fell ill; they either got better on their own or died. Gone were the miracles of modern medicine, we had few drugs and no sanitary hospitals much less modern diagnostic equipment. It had regressed to the days when all a physician could do was to hold a hand and comfort the patient. It wasn't much better on Pisces, although our medicine chest had remained intact throughout the Collapse and we had combed through the mothballed fleet in Mayport, many of the drugs we had on board were hopelessly out of date.
Plans were in the works to revive the pharmaceutical industry, but it would take years before even the basic drugs were available, until then those, who got sick, would just have to let nature take its course.
Aboard Pisces I made sure the ship was kept clean, the major reason I had let the cook stay on was his meticulous preparation food and the cleanliness of galley. He was doing an excellent job, it seemed we always had one meal a day which contained chicken, beef or pork, I wasn't about to question him directly on how he had come by this bounty preferring to believe he, in fact, possessed the ability to conjure these great meals out of thin air.
I gave Cindy and Ms. Abernathy a couple of days before I had a talk with them. I summoned Carol first and expected her to come in bristling, and raising hell but I could tell by her demeanor that much of the wind had been taken from her sails as she sat in front of me humbled by the recent events that had befallen her.
She said, “Captain Collins I can't thank you enough for rescuing me I never felt so scared and helpless in all my life.”
I said, “Your thanks should go to Dennis, Sam and Ned they risked their lives for you. Ms. Abernathy, please understand, I try not to make rules so strict as to be stifling. God knows I don't like them either, but once in a while I have to in order to protect the ship and crew. In future, I would greatly appreciate it if you tried to follow them. In not doing so, you suffered physical abuse, put members of the crew in jeopardy, and over eight people are now dead.
If these were normal times, Ensign Kottmyre would certainly be facing a general court-martial for disobedience of a direct order and possibly dereliction of duty. As it is, your back with us in one piece and Cindy will get off with no more than a reprimand. I will try to afford you every opportunity to carry out your research providing it does not adversely affect the safety of the ship. Thank you for coming in.”
I had the same talk with Cindy and added, “If you and Ms. Abernathy are compelled by an urge to explore in the future, please find some safe place in which to do it.”
We had made radio contact with San Juan; I had told the operator not to get anyone’s hopes up that we were just a tiny research ship sent out to gather information and it would be months to a year before there was any kind of commerce taking place. He assured us it would be safe to enter the harbor, still I was a skeptic, it would only take one mistake to have the ship overrun and history had already proven we could make them without trying. It was agreed we would enter in the morning, stay on our guard, and then put back to sea before nightfall.
We entered just after dawn, passed El Morro Castle and were surprised to see more than two-dozen small sailing vessels putting to sea. Inspection of them through the glasses confirmed they were on their way out to fish, so we continued to make our way into the bay.
We reached the old Coast Guard Station and were again surprised to see the US and Puerto Rico flags along with the Coast Guard Pennant flying from the staffs. We anchored off and noticed uniformed men standing on the dock; they took up places in a whaleboat and began rowing toward the ship I was impressed by their precision.
As it came within hailing distance, the officer in the stern shouted “Welcome to San Juan Pisces we've been waiting for the first ship for months and you’re it. Ensign Jeffery Jackson USN at your service, permission to come aboard, sir.”
He sounded sincere and the crew certainly knew how to handle a whaleboat but the crew were all armed and if they handled their weapons as well as their oars we could find ourselves in a tricky situation, especially if I allowed them all on board. I asked, “Jim what do you think.”
He said, “Let Jackson come alone but he will be required to surrender his side arm.”
I said, “I agree.”
Jim shouted, “Ensign Jackson permission for you only to come on board, please be ready to surrender your side arm.”
I said, “Herb your Navy, help me feel this guy out. Jim pass the word, if anyone in that boat makes an attempt to go for a firearm sink the damn thing with the fifty.”
The whaleboat pulled smartly alongside the gangway, Ensign Jackson stepped, off climbed to the deck, crisply saluted the flag, then Herb and presented his side arm.
I turned to Jim and said, “Looks like he just stepped out of the Academy, all spit, and polish.”
Jim ordered the whaleboat to stand off and hold station a hundred feet from the ship. Jackson came up to the bridge and saluted.
I said, “I'm Captain George Collins, this is my exec Lieutenant 
Commander Jim Bishop and my third officer Lieutenant Commander Herb O’Royke USN. Sorry about the formalities but we’re under strict orders not to allow anyone to bring a firearm on board. Come along and give us an update, I'll send for some coffee.”
Jeffery Jackson it turned out had indeed been a graduate of the academy’s last class. He had been home on leave awaiting his first assignment when the Collapse came along. He like everyone else found himself struggling for survival and in the process lost his young wife and baby along with most of his family. He dug out his uniform and threw himself into the only job he knew. He started by taking over the Coast Guard station, recruiting those who had experience, and organizing a fishing fleet. He had become the official unofficial Commander of both the Coast Guard and Navy.
He said, “Captain I went to school to become a naval officer, I didn't know at the time I was going to be the highest ranking naval officer left in Puerto Rico. I just figured things would get back to normal one of these days so decided to get a head start, I’ve been drilling my guys and getting ready for months, hoping things would pick up. We got two patrol boats ready to go and the crews trained up, all, we're waiting on, is some fuel. Right now we patrol the harbor with a couple of Whaleboats and work with the police but there’s not much crime going on, people aren’t even stealing food anymore.”
I was impressed by what the young man told me, though I knew much of it was due to the fact that he hadn't had the chance to have his facets polished by serving in the real world Navy. He reminded me of just what a gung-ho bunch we had been when I trained in the old Agerholm, and like us he still retained the zeal that comes with being a junior officer waiting for his first taste of command. The Navy could no longer provide him the opportunity so he'd taken on the task himself.
Herb and I questioned young Jeffery Jackson until we were reasonably satisfied he was legit and posed no danger to us.
He said, “Captain Collins I run a tight ship, San Juan I believe is the safest harbor in the Caribbean. I assure you there is no need to have your crew at battle stations as no matter how unorthodox my unit may appear I’m still an officer in the United States Navy and here to serve my country, sir I place myself and my unit under your command.”
I said, “Very well Ensign Jackson I'll take you at your word as an officer and a gentleman, welcome aboard the United States NOAA research vessel Pisces.” He ordered his crew to return to the station and visited with us for remainder of the day, he quickly turned into a young man anxious to learn the fate of his country and what had transpired in the last year or so. I turned him over to Cindy and Linda and let them fill him in and bring him up to speed.
One thing struck me as odd; Ensign Jackson had never met the radio operator we had been communicating with. If Ensign Jackson was to be effective, he would have to have some way to keep in contact. I detailed Dan and Linda to accompany Jeff and make contact with the armature radio operator in the hopes that some way could be found to bring the radio equipment at the Coast Guard station into operation; they came back saying the radio operator couldn't be found.
From what we could see of San Juan, the city wasn't totally devoid of life there was a market setup and as late afternoon approached the fishing boats we had seen leaving in the morning returned. Though people were sparse, there was an air of normal day-to-day life taking place. All day groups of people had ventured out to see Pisces, the arrival of the ship had created much excitement. Our fears had been somewhat allayed so Jim and I decided it would be safe to remain at anchor. This was a US protectorate and it was our obligation to help out its people.
That evening I sent a message to Allan advising him of what we had found and requesting the supply ship be diverted to San Juan instead of meeting us in the Virgins and the Coast Guard station here could be put into full operation with only minimal outside assistance. He radioed back that the supply ship had been notified and he was also diverting a small tanker which was to supply Key West, they would join up in the straits and could be expected to arrive within a fortnight.
We spent the night at anchor, I still felt the necessity to post double guards and lookouts, but the night was uneventful. Next morning I sent Dan over to survey the diesel generator set at the station to see if it could be made serviceable. He reported back that by going through the fuel system and changing filters he could have it up and running and requested diesel.
I said, “Dan take just enough diesel to get things up and going, not one drop more. I don't want to risk being anchored surrounded by operational patrol boats until I'm certain things around here are kosher, besides we have to retain the ability to get back to Key West. There’s a tanker on the way, but I don't want to start counting chickens before they hatch. If we can get stuff ready then when the tanker arrives, it will just be a matter of fill up and go. I'm sure young Jackson will be thrilled by the news,
“Oh and Dan, see if you can find a decent car and get it running, preferably a four-wheel drive not a damn Hummer or anything big something like a Jeep, thanks. Wait, maybe a diesel pickup would be better you never know we might have to do some hauling.”
If we were going to stay around for two weeks, I was going to do some exploring of my own. The crew once again was getting antsy to go ashore, this time I was going to make sure of the dangers before I turned them loose. I was puzzled things appeared to be well run, I had even seen a couple of police walking a beat yet we had been here almost two days and there had been no official invitation or visit by anyone. I hadn’t expected a brass band to be standing on the dock waving flags, but it did seem strange that not a soul from any governing body had sought contact.
I asked Jackson what was passing for a Government. He said there was a committee of sorts that was handling civic affairs and was run by a man named Fernando Vella. There was something odd in the way he said run which immediately raised a red flag. I tried to push Jeff farther and though he was hesitant I gleaned enough to reach the conclusion that this Mr. Vella appeared to be the only one pulling all the strings.
I made the decision right then that before proceeding further I was going to set up a meeting with Fernando Vella and judge things for myself. I asked Jeffery to get in touch with Mr. Vella and invite him to have lunch with me tomorrow aboard ship. I called Jim and Herb in and said, “It might be nothing and maybe I'm just getting old and jumpy, but I detect an undercurrent going on around here. I don't know enough to put my finger on it yet, but I want both of you to keep your eyes open and guard up for anything, which might seem out of the ordinary.
“The longer we sit here, the more I feel like the mouse that’s just about to get the trap sprung on it. There's a guy here named Fernando Vella that seems to be running the show, he lives in the old Governors Mansion right up the road, but hasn't made any overtures yet. I have invited him to lunch here tomorrow let's see if he comes by himself or brings along an entourage. My orders still stand keep a double guard posted and your side arms handy I don't think anything’s going to happen, but I get this uneasy feeling were being sized up, as I said it's just a feeling and I've been wrong before.”
I’d noticed Linda and Jeffery had taken an immediate liking to each other it was understandable as each was young, good looking, and, shared common rank. Both were of Spanish descent and bilingual, even to the casual observer it looked to be the beginnings of a deeper relationship. I decided I needed to get Linda on board before any feelings of affection grew and had time to cloud her judgment. I really didn't have anything to go on but a hunch, yet if I waited it might be too late. I felt I knew Linda well enough to ask her in for a talk.
I said, “Linda I'm going to be frank with you, I believe you’ve taken a shine to young Jeffery, I have too but there's something going on behind the scenes I can't put a finger on. I won't ask you to spy, but I would greatly appreciate if you used your professional eye as an officer and kept a look out for anything that might seem out of the ordinary.”
She said, “Like what?”
“Well, say like someone else who might also be running the show besides Jeff. It’s possible in his zeal to do his job he might not be aware someone is manipulating him for their own purposes. There's this guy Fernando Vella, he's kinda the government right now, I haven’t met him yet so see what you can find out about him. Linda as a Spanish speaker you’re in a position to hear things, it might all be nothing yet I'm always looking for anything that could put the ship in danger. Do you feel comfortable doing this?”
“Yes Sir, I do like Ensign Jackson but not enough to put my job or the ship on the line for him.”
I said, “Good, I don't think it will come down to you having to make a choice if anything it will likely keep Ensign Jackson from getting in harm's way. You have my permission to go ashore whenever you choose and as I said it might turn out to be much ado about nothing.”
At the moment, I felt completely safe as I was sure Mr. Vella wouldn’t make a move before he had a chance to size up the situation.
Dan had a truck ready and for the rest of the afternoon, I was going to take my green eyed lady and do some sightseeing.
Dan said, “Captain here’s the best, I could do for you, brand new right off the lot less than twenty miles its a Chevy four door diesel.”
I said, “Christ Dan couldn't you find something a tad smaller?”
He said, “Not in a diesel.”
I asked Jeff to come along as guide and invited Linda as well, we loaded up and Skipper hopped in the bed.
The first stop was Moro Castle, we walked the ram parts, I had been here on a cruise ship years ago, what had changed since were the modern field artillery pieces sitting in strategic locations some facing seaward others pointed toward the bay, I asked Jeff, “This some of your stuff?”
He said, “No sir the committee wanted them placed here in the event of an attack.”
I said, “An attack, who in the hell they expecting, Drake?”
I walked around the guns, there wasn’t a soul in sight, but I could tell they were well maintained. I couldn't see any ready ammunition but suspected it was close enough so these pieces could be brought into action within minutes. I gazed at the bay where Pisces was swinging at anchor looking like a sitting duck.
If my hunch was correct I had so far played right into their hands, I looked again and saw a vision of Pisces, the supply ship, and tanker held hostage while their precious cargoes were siphoned off to fuel the newest dictatorship. I had thought we were ushering in a new era yet my senses were telling me the old one had not yet faded.
Damned why can't things go right once in a while, what the hell was I doing down here anyway, pussy footing around on a quasi research ship with a pea shooter gun and a bunch of scientists pretending to do research. What I needed was an old cruiser and a company or two of marines, damn you Allan Bright. Every fiber in my being was urging me to lean over and say to Connie its time to go home dear. Instead, I said, “Jeff you’re the tour guide where to next?”
We drove by the Governors Mansion, which looked like a fortress with several armed guards patrolling, then toured parts of the city, the streets were clear though lined with dilapidated empty buildings every once in a while people could be seen going about their daily lives. The truck drew attention as it was the only vehicle anyone had seen moving in almost a year and was taken as a sign that civilization was on the move again and soon they too would be driving. Linda and Jeff sat in the back seat carrying on a conversation drifting in and out of Spanish. All the years I had worked in Central America I’d never managed to pick up the language.
That evening I kept my fears to myself; I had already expressed them earlier and was just waiting to have them confirmed. I still had the opportunity to take Pisces safely to sea tonight, but tomorrow during lunch if I didn't play my cards right that option might no longer be on the table. Was I playing a fools game and putting ship and crew in jeopardy, what about Connie could I gamble with her safety and the trust she had placed in me, was I about to betray it? I was hit by a wave of panic and almost reached for the phone and give Jim the order to get underway but managed to restrain myself. No, the hand hadn't been dealt yet, much less played. I couldn't leave the table before the game had even begun.
Connie asked, “GW is something bothering you? You’ve been so restless tonight.”
I said, “No dear just wondering if I'm truly worthy your love.”
“Why would you even think something like that?”
I said, “Bringing you along on this escapade, risking your life, it just doesn't seem a fair thing to do to the one I love.”
She said, “I couldn't have been in much more dire straits than when you found me, since then it’s all been like a dream, anyway we agreed to face danger together. George honestly we've gone over this before you have more important things to worry about. Lie down and let me rub your back, God you’re so tense your muscles are like iron bars.”
As I lay there Connie’s hands working their magic, I thought George you're worked up over nothing this man is going to turn out to be a nice guy and you'll feel silly. “Oh, honey right there, yes.”
Next day I decided to do what I usually did and to go with the flow, if it became necessary I felt I could bluff Mr. Vella long enough to get Pisces to sea. Eleven-thirty rolled around and all the preparations were in place. Jim called excitedly, “George you’ve got to see this!”
Jim never addressed me as George so I knew he was distracted. I hurried over to the bridge port bridge wing. On the dock sitting astride a black horse decked out in a colorful uniform was obviously Mr. Vella, surrounding him were what I could only describe as a half dozen thugs. I noticed Jeff spring into action, as Mr. Vella dismounted he rushed to escort him and another man to a waiting whaleboat.
I said to Jim, “Sometimes I hate it when I'm right, I wonder if he expects me to salute or bow. OK, here we go, let’s see what this asshole has up his sleeve.”
Mr. Vella stepped on deck I met him and shook hands. He said, “Captain Collins welcome to Puerto Rico, I must apologize that it has taken so long for us to meet, but I have been kept busy with the affairs of running my country.”
I had Linda standing by to translate, but Mr. Vella had no trouble turning a word in English. We went to lunch where I introduced him to Connie and Dr. Brothers, who I had invited to represent the scientific party. Mr. Vella introduced the other man as his aid Antonio deArmas. We sat down to the meal, I had told the cook to prepare something simple and I apologized saying, “Please excuse the meal as are food stocks are somewhat depleted.”
Throughout the lunch, nothing but pleasantries were exchanged but enough was said that I quickly reached the conclusion Mr. Vella wasn't the buffoon he appeared to be. I asked him how he would like to be addressed, as I saw no distinguishing rank on his uniform, he said, “The uniform is merely an ornament of office I am just a simple citizen engaged in my civic duty.”
After lunch we adjourned for private talks; I would have liked Linda to be present, but I wanted them to think they could cross talk freely in Spanish, besides I had the cabin bugged and Linda was listening in.
Vella said, “So Captain tell me what brings you here and what are the conditions in the United States?”
I said. “Were here to conduct scientific research you met Dr. Brothers at lunch. The US is on its way to recovery and coming along, but we still have a ways to go.”
“Captain, please forgive me, but it seems unusual that the United States would send a scientific party before establishing a diplomatic mission.”
I said, “A diplomatic mission is being planned; as for us it had not been our intention to stop in San Juan, but rather to conduct fisheries studies along the coast, We have been in contact with an armature radio operator here in the city and on his advice decided to stop for a visit. I was so impressed with young Ensign Jackson and the job he has done organizing the Coast Guard station I decided to stay for a bit and help him out.”
Vella said, “Yes young Jackson is a fine young man and good worker. I have rendered him all the assistance I can, he has told me your men have put things in working order but there is a question of fuel. I notice you have a truck. I myself have to be content for the moment to go by horse. I wonder if there is anyway I might procure some diesel or gasoline from you.”
I said, “We have just enough to take us back home, but I'm happy to inform you a supply ship and tanker will be coming in next week and there will be plenty of fuel available then.”
“He said, “Well then Captain I see no reason why you can't let us have say a thousand gallons of diesel and you can replenish from the tanker when it arrives.”
I said, “Mr. Vella I would like to oblige you but I'm sure you realize the position I'm in, if for some reason the tanker were to not arrive it would then be impossible for me to conduct my mission or take the ship safely home.”
With obvious disappointment he said, “Yes Captain you have a point, I understand you must think of your ship and crew first, and of course, your charming wife, so young one could easily mistake her for your daughter.
“Now Captain Collins I must inform you things have changed in Puerto Rico over the last year as I'm sure they have in the rest of the world. We have come to think of ourselves more in the terms of an independent nation working toward the goal of one day bringing together all the islands of the Caribbean into a single nation of states. That's not to say we don't welcome warm relations between our countries. Puerto Rico and the US have had a long partnership.”
We were interrupted by the intercom, “Captain could you come to the engine room Dan needs to see you sir.” I said, “Excuse me gentlemen for just a minute my chief engineer needs to see me, I'm sorry for the interruption, I'll be right back.”
I hurried out of the cabin this had been prearranged so that Linda could eves drop. I went down to engineering and returned in five minutes. I said, “Sorry for the interruption.”
Vella said, “Quite understandable Captain, I also find much of my time taken up by petty matters yet they must be attended to.”
“Mr. Vella I can well understand your position as Puerto Rico was left on its own to fend for itself. It’s understood by everyone that things can never be as they were. I'm sure the United States will be amicable toward your goals and I look forward to a future where there is cooperation and warm relations between our countries.”
This seemed to please him, we talked for a while longer and the meeting came to an end. 
Vella said, “Thank you for lunch Captain now I must extend to you and Mrs. Collins an invitation to dine with me Saturday evening at seven. Ensign Jackson will accompany you and show the way.”
When they left, I went and quizzed Linda. “Get anything interesting?”
“A little sir it was mostly about you and Mrs. Collins. They were debating whether to take you at face value. deArmas thought you were rather naive, but Mr. Vella wasn't so sure.”
“What did they say about Connie?”
“Well, sir I rather not say directly they talked about certain of Mrs. Collins attributes… Let's just say they were flattering. Oh, deArmas did address him at one point as Generalissimo; they were starting to say something about the tanker when you walked back in.”
“Thanks, Linda good job; say would you mind attending dinner with us Saturday evening.”
“No sir not at all, this is getting interesting.”
“I said, “Keep in mind, it could also get dangerous.”
I had formed an impression of Mr. Vella, he was smart and polished, not some ragtag revolutionary that had swept down from the hills to usurp power. He had been formulating his plans and carefully putting a rudimentary infrastructure in place yet being careful not to step on toes. He had formed the nucleus of a navy and army under the guise of a local Coast Guard and domestic police force. He had all the necessary assets and I was sure once he had the tanker to fuel his enterprise he would waste no time in consolidating power.
I wasn’t sure if Vella was aware he had tipped his hand, but what he said led be to believe he had aspirations of sweeping through the Caribbean islands establishing an empire. I wasn't so sure where he intended to stop or how he was going to maintain it once he had achieved his initial goal. It was a certainty that one small tanker of fuel could not an empire maintain.
I had managed to retain the option of taking Pisces to sea and calling off the tanker and supply ship, leaving the situation in Puerto Rico static. I could then contact Allan and have him pass it on to Washington and let them sort it out.
At the moment, Mr. Vella and I were waltzing partners both hoped they were leading yet each being careful not to step on the others toes. I could with some luck keep this dance going until the two ships arrived, once they entered the harbor and came under the guns at Castle Morro all bets were off. I had so far made all the decisions, the ones, that needed to be made now, were way above my pay grade. The cheese hadn't got binding yet, but the time had arrived for a conference.
I assembled Jim, Herb, Dan, and Dennis as well for I had come to value his opinions on military matters.
I opened by saying, “Gentlemen I believe we have sailed right into the makings of a dictatorship which I believe if allowed to reach fruition could encompass the whole of the Antilles. I think Mr. Vella has plans in place and is ready to act upon them. I may have unwittingly played right into his hands by diverting the supply ship and tanker to come here.
“I believe once the ships arrive we may well find ourselves prisoners and he will use the fuel and most likely the ships as well to carry out his plan, I'm not exactly sure of his ultimate objective, I think there’s more to it than just taking over a few scattered islands. For the next few days before the tanker arrives we're likely to be OK, I'd like to take some of that time and gather more intelligence.
“As captain decisions are ultimately left to me, but I feel the severity of the circumstances we find ourselves in at the moment is a special one that requires more than just one man's opinion. Therefore, I'm going to ask for your help in making the decision on whether we play it safe and put to sea or stay and face significant risk to us all. Gentlemen, the table is now open to discussion.
I called on Jim, “Jim.”
He said, “Captain are you sure of Vella's intentions?”
I said,“ All, I can say for the moment, is, it walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck if it starts swimming like a duck then I'll be sure.”
Herb asked, “You think the Jackson kids a party to it?”
“I don't know I had my doubts, but I'm less sure of them now, Linda's working on him I hope she comes up with something. Getting back to Vella he referrers to himself as Mister but his aid addressed him as Generalissimo, the definitions pretty clear on what that means.
“If we decide to stay we're going to go into intelligence mode find out all we can about the extent of his operation how many people, quantity and what kind of equipment he's got.
“It's not going to be easy, I'm sure were being watched and no one except Linda speaks fluent Spanish. I'd like to know if he's got any opposition, he doesn't strike me as someone who would leave those who oppose him living very long but I think that maybe he's still walking lightly waiting to consolidate power. A tanker full of fuel would certainly let him do it. Anyway that's the score up to now let’s make up our minds and get on with it one way or another.”
Herb was first, “Permission to speak freely.”
I said, “Certainly Herb.”
“Captain, I think you have already made your decision you're just not completely confident it's the right one if you were you, wouldn't be putting it to a committee vote. I'll be the first to say there's a lot of risks involved, but that comes with the territory of being in the military. I don't believe it to be in any way foolhardy.”
“Jim your next.”
“Captain my Jobs to be your executive officer and carry out your orders, your the most lenient CO I've ever worked for yet when you do step up to the plate you hit a home run, I'll agree with Herb risky yes, foolhardy no, I'm in.”
“Dennis.”
“Captain, I just take orders and carry them out hell the only time I feel like I'm in danger, is when some son of a bitch has their hands around my throat. Killing used to be my profession you guys come up with a mission, I'll do my best to carry it out.”
I said, “I take it the consensus is we carry on for now, thanks, I appreciate the vote of confidence, I hope it isn't misplaced. OK, we’ll gather all the intelligence we can then beat it out of here before the tanker arrives. Dennis, I'm putting you in command of any shore side operations, go comb through the crew and make up a team I guess you already got Sam and Ned see if there’s anyone else. Well, that's all we can do for now.”
The rest of the day went quietly I let the scientific party go ashore and had Jeff escort them as he had done with us. I sent Dennis along with them to scope out the battery at Morro Castle. Connie, Ned, and myself took the inflatable and toured the harbor; I wanted to see what craft might be available to Mr. Vella for his coming invasion. I decided tomorrow I would get Gerald and take a tour in the chopper.
There was a light rap on the door just enough to wake me, I sat up looked at the clock it was just before five in the morning. The rapping came again, usually I would be hailed on the intercom or phone. I got out of bed Connie was still sleeping. I opened the door, It was Linda I quickly closed it to just a crack as I was in my underwear and said in a low voice. “What’s wrong?”
“Sir I have something to tell you.”
I said, “Can't it wait.”
“No sir I think you'll want to hear this.”
I said, “Just a second let me get a robe on.”
Now robed, we stood in the passageway. “Captain I found out what you wanted to know about Jeff, I had to sleep with him to make sure.”
I said, “Linda that's going a little beyond the call of duty.”
She said, “I didn't consider it to be a hardship, sir.”
“OK, I'm sure you didn't wake me just to tell me you two had a great time in bed.”
“No sir, just that I'm a hundred percent sure he's on our side, he wants to meet with you right now.”
I asked, “Where is he?”
She said, “In the conference room.”
I said, “I don't expect my officers to be gofers but could you round us up some coffee.”

She said, “Yes sir, no problem.”
I got dressed then went into the conference room Jeffery was waiting.
I said,  “Linda says you have something to tell me.”
“Yes Sir,”
I said, “Go ahead shoot.”
He said, “Sir you met Mr. Villa have you formed an opinion of him?”
“Yes I have but I'd prefer to hear yours first.”
”Well Sir I think Mr. Vella is a dangerous man he has visions of setting himself up as emperor of the entire Caribbean, when I say entire I mean from Mexico all the way around to Venezuela clear to Cuba make the whole thing his private lake nothing goes through it without his permission.
I said, “That's a bold plan how does he intend to carry it out?”
“Sir, that tanker coming in, is the first step it will allow him to consolidate power all along the chain to Venezuela. He’s in contact with folks in Columbia, Venezuela and Panama their working as we speak to take control of the oil fields and refineries down there. You probably don't know that Vella was a key player in the drug trade before the troubles. I didn't put much stock in any of it, but I’ve watched him work for over a year, he might be a crook, but he's a damned smart crook.
“I know you been wondering where I fit into all this, I figured that out when you sent Linda snooping around. Don’t get me wrong I like Linda very much and was using her to find out as much as I could about you as well. I did start out to fix up the Coast Guard station and get the fishing fleet organized then Vella came along and offered to help. I was overjoyed and remained gullible for a couple of months then I began to realize he was using my talents to build his Navy.
“Captain at first I was scared shitless, I was a young Ensign, on my own surrounded by chaos with no one to turn to. Then something happened, I woke up one morning and thought I'm a graduate of Annapolis, I've been trained to command and make decisions, so by God I decided to start making them.
“I figured someday I'd be forced to fight Vella so I began training those men I had hand-picked and vetted alongside Vella's thugs, as soon as I got a crew trained up I cut them loose so not to be obvious. He asked me once why I went through so many men I told him I was picky and they couldn't make the grade.
“Now I have almost as many men as Vella does, the difference mine are trained, loyal, and well disciplined.”
Linda had joined us and was pouring the coffee.
He went on, “I had to play dumb and wide-eyed its fooled Vella and by what Linda's told me you as well.
“Captain I'm sorry but I couldn't tip my hand not even to you. That radio operator isn’t on the other side of town but right in the mansion working for Vella, he wasn't about to get any of our radio equipment working, that's why I never bothered to meet him. I told you I was an officer in the United States Navy, I meant it. I have been trying to serve and defend my country to the best of my ability.”
I sat toying with the coffee mug feeling as if I had just been dealt a hand full of aces.
I said, “Linda would you mind fetching Dennis Neiheimer….Jeff, Dennis is a retired SEAL he has a lot of experience carrying out covert operations, after what you've told me I'm going to take a chance and throw my lot in with yours.”
He said, “Captain it might be wise to move Pisces out of here while you still can, I can assure you those guns at Morro work.”
I said, “Jeff in due time, you filled in the missing pieces and I'd like to maybe come up with a way to nip this thing in the bud. The Coast Guards not only military but law enforcement as well, If Mr. Vella has broken any United States law we can nail him, from what you’ve told me he's broke just about everyone in the book. This might be a Commonwealth, but it's still considered US territory, even if it wasn't I've been known to bend a few rules once in a while.”
Dennis came in. I said, “Morning Dennis, pour yourself a cup and join the party….Dennis Neiheimer meet Lieutenant Jeff Jackson.”
Jeff stared at me. “Yes and that's First Lieutenant Jackson putting a unit together under the nose of the enemy merits a promotion in any mans Navy. Hell Jeff, pull this off and your well on your way to flag rank. I want you to go over everything with Dennis give him details of all your assets so he has an idea of what's available, also exactly what Vella has stacked against us. If he's putting an armada together, I haven’t seen it.”
Jeff said, “Not here sir you won't, Roosevelt Roads that's where he stashes all his stuff.”
I said, “Put your heads together and come up with some plans.”
When I got back to the cabin Connie was just waking, she yawned, “your up early.”
I said smugly, “Early bird catches the worm; while you’re getting dressed I'll fill you in.”
I went over what I had learned with Jim and Herb now everyone was up to speed. We were not out of the woods yet, some way had to be found to neutralize Vella and his organization and replace it with a legitimate government this depended on what Dennis and Jeff could cook up. I got a hold of Gerald and made arrangements to launch the chopper, I wanted to take an excursion and see Rosy Roads for myself.
Gerald and I made the trip to the old base; Jeff was right there was a collection of rag-tag vessels from patrol boats to sailing yachts. It was almost laughable yet at this particular juncture in history I had no doubt it would be sufficient to subdue anything he came across, besides he could easily add to his fleet along the way. Yep, a few weeks after obtaining fuel, he would be on the march taking one island after another unimpeded by any major power. Who would ever think that a tiny island could turn into a world power, it was a plot suitable for a James Bond film.
Dennis and Jeff had planned all day, they had to be careful as Vella had spies watching all the activity around the station. They had done it under the guise of working on one of the patrol boats.
Dennis came to see me. “Cap. We have several scenarios worked out they all require cutting the head off the snake that is getting Vella out-of-the-way. He suffers the classic flaw of all crime bosses, paranoia, always worried those under him will try to bump him off and take over. He holds all the strings and makes all of the decisions himself. Outside of deArmas those underneath him can't wipe their asses without his consent, we get him along with deArmas and the whole shebang falls apart.
“If Jeff's right and I have no reason to doubt him, he has more men in Vella's organization than Vella does, one word from him and everything but Vella's bodyguards are history. They could be the main problem, he doesn't go anywhere without them their mean, tough, and loyal. He keeps them that way by letting them have their choice of women, from the things Jeff told me there a pretty sadistic bunch.”
I said, “Dennis I have a dinner engagement with the Generalissimo Saturday evening I'll try to think of someway to cut him and deArmas out of the herd. Had we known what the situation was when I had them both on the boat we could have taken care of them then. While I work on Vella tell Jeff to be ready to jump on the opportunity when it comes along, and Dennis see if you can find some way to take those guns at El Morro out of the equation they bother me more than does Vella.”
Saturday rolled around we were dressing for dinner. I said, “Well I hope we can charm the generalissimo for a while longer, though I don't enjoy playing the role of snake charmer. It seems Mr. Vella has taken a fancy to you, Linda said he made some flattering comments.”
 “That's what she told you; wanna know what she told me.
I said, “What?”
“He said I had nice tits, bet that I had a tight pussy and was going to be a great piece of ass; said he couldn't wait to fuck the shit out of me. I'm sure the bastard's already done it in his mind. GW I don't know if I can look that son of a bitch in the face without spitting in it.”
I said, “Play the part for a bit I'm working on a plan to nail the SOB when I get him I'll give you first crack at kicking him in the balls. If he lays a hand on you I'll kill him but I have to concede, he’s right about your attributes.”
She said, “You men are all alike sexist pigs a heart.”
I said, “Not me honey I married you strictly for your mind.”
We met Jeffery and Linda on the dock and got into the pickup, two armed men climbed in the bed. Jeff grinned and said, “Vella thinks they work for him, but there among some of my best men, ironic isn’t it.” 
Jeff chauffeured it was dusk and there were just a few people here and there shortly we came to an ornate wrought iron gate, the guards knew Jeff and ushered him through and we stopped in front of the large historic Governors Mansion.
We entered the candlelit interior; it was like stepping back in time. Sconces and chandeliers bathed the rooms in candlelight giving the ambiance of a seventeenth-century palace. Mr. Vella came to greet us resplendent in the most elaborate uniform I had ever seen.
He smiled warmly, “Captain, Jeffery, and lovely ladies welcome to my humble home, come let me introduce you to the other guests.”
Vella introduced us all around with Linda and Jeff providing additional translation. We were treated and entertained in a manner befitting visiting royalty. This facade was so well done I forgot the sinister plot that lay behind it, whatever Mr. Vella was I couldn't fault him for not being a gracious host. Connie looked beautiful in the candlelight like a true princess, the surroundings had also put her at ease, and I noticed her coyly flirting with Mr. Vella. I thought good girl charm the snake then watch hubby pinch off its head.
Observing the group gave me an idea; if he liked pomp then maybe I could use it to my advantage. I needed to totally disarm him and gain his trust, what better way than to appeal to his grandiose nature. As the night drew to a close I took Mr. Vella aside and said, “I must thank you for your hospitality, I feel privileged being your guest it has shown me there is still hope for civility in the world, you are a most gracious host Mr. Villa.”
He looked pleased and said, “Well thank you Captain Collins, but the privilege has been mine you are the first visitors we've had since the troubles came and it was the least I could do.”
I said, “While I have your attention I wonder if I could impose upon you for a favor? Our radio equipment is down at the moment and I need to send a message to my commander Captain Bright. I understand there’s an armature radio operator in town would it be possible for him to send a message?”
“Of course, please give deArmas your message and he will deliver it personally.”
Well, I was going for broke, I wrote out the message placed it in an envelope then handed it to deArmas I was counting on it being read.
Capt. A. Bright, Mayport,
As per ships arrival request permission to rendezvous at sea and provide escort into San Juan. Believe it advantageous to support Mr. Vella’s position as leader wish to invite him and party as would go far cementing relations between countries. 
Capt. G. Collins, Pisces.
I was hoping I hadn't gone overboard and wondered what Allan would make of it, probably that I had finally gone around the bend. The trap was baited now to get back to the ship and send Allan a secure explanation.
Back on the boat I sent for Dennis “I may have hit on a solution to our Vella problem, I'm going extend an invitation for him to be aboard next Saturday to meet up with the ships and if I’ve read him correctly his ego will jump at the chance to bathe in the limelight. When we get to sea, I'll arrest him and that deArmas character. You and Jeff can then begin to dismantle his organization; we'll remain safely offshore until you give the all clear.
In the event, he balks at the invitation I'll still be able to take Pisces to sea provision and send the tanker and supply ship back and we'll go on our merry way. Unfortunately, we'll be kicking the can down the road and leaving young Jeff hung out to dry. It's only a matter of time before Vella's buddies in Venezuela manage to get a refinery going and he'll still be able to fuel his enterprise.”
Next day I sent the invitation RSVP to Mr. Vella the following morning it was accepted. Good all was going according to plan and it was down to fine-tuning. I wanted to add a little icing and decorate the ship. I put Cindy in charge and told her to pull out all the stops, by the following Friday night Pisces looked like a circus wagon, I had even created a prominent spot in front of the bridge for the Generalissimo to make his triumphant entrance into the harbor.
Saturday morning Mr. Vella and deArmas arrived and were ferried out to the ship I welcomed him and went over the itinerary. He was impressed that he would be given the place of prominence.
I said, “Sir it is only fitting that you be seen leading your country back to prosperity, my commander concurred so consider yourself the guest of honor.”
I had ordered all weapons to be placed out of sight, Sam and Ned Borowitz were the exceptions they would provide the muscle when the arrest was made.
Both Vella and deArmas had cheerfully surrendered their pistols and so I saw no difficulty coming. We weighed anchor and departed the harbor in a gala mood. I showed Mr. Vella where he should stand on the return trip in order to have the best exposure. He seemed relaxed and I was sure it was due in part to the fact the guns on Morro were being manned. Once we were at their mercy he, would be in total control. The tanker and supply ship were waiting just beyond the range of the guns, He asked, “Captain why so far out to sea?”
I said, “Mr. Vella I wanted to have time for us to enjoy a pleasant lunch before we returned. I’ve had my cook working all night to prepare a meal I hope will rival the one we enjoyed with you the other evening.”
He seemed satisfied. I didn't tell him that while we were enjoying lunch he would be dining on bread and water in the makeshift brig. I wanted Vella to get a good look at the ships so he could later reflect on just how close he had come to realizing his dream.
We made contact with the ships formed up for our grand entrance into the harbor with Pisces in the lead. Vella was excited and licked his lips nervously, I thought OK, now I got you bastard and gave the signal. Sam and Ned walked on to the bridge. I said, “Fernando Vella I am placing you under arrest for acts of sedition and other crimes against the people of Puerto Rico and the United States of America.”
Vella showed genuine surprise; Sam and Ned moved in to place them in cuffs.
It would have gone smoothly except deArmas bolted for the door and without breaking stride went over the railing into the sea, Vella took advantage of the moment of confusion grabbed Connie around the neck and produced a derringer from his sleeve and placed it to her head, everyone froze.
He said, “Captain tell your men to lay down their arms or she will die, I look forward to knowing your wife better, but I assure you I will not hesitate to put a bullet in her pretty head.”
I looked at Connie she had the same look of fear and terror in those green eyes as when I had first found her.
“I said, Vella give it up or you'll never get off this ship alive.”
He said, “That may be true Captain, but you will have to make the decision on whether your wife lives or dies. Can you truly condemn this young woman whom you love so much to her death, I think not? Captain, order those ships to follow you into the harbor.”
I knew Vella wasn't bluffing and it presented me with the worst dilemma of my life, my duty to country and all aboard the ships versus Connie's life.
The bastard was right, I couldn't let her die in front of me my bond of love to her was stronger than that to my duty. I needed to buy some time and was hoping what I was about to do wasn’t going betray my ship and crew to meet his demands.
I reached for the mike, Connie shouted, “GEORGE DON'T.”
She elbowed Villa viciously in the ribs and broke free from his grasp the effort spun her around the derringer went off Connie pitched forward onto the deck. Sam was close to Vella grabbed a pair of binoculars and as Vella began to recover Sam with all the force in his powerful arm struck Vella splitting his skull open and breaking the glasses Vella fell to the deck brains spilling from the wound. Everyone rushed to Connie she lay face down on the deck with a puddle of red expanding from beneath her.
I turned her over and cradled her head in my lap her blouse was already soaked with blood. She opened those blue-green eyes that so captivated me and said weakly, “I couldn't let you do it not even for me, I love you too much.” Then her eyes closed.
Ned was the closest thing we had to a doctor he ripped open her blouse and said, “I have to try to stop this bleeding get the medical kit” Jim was standing above me I said, “Keep these ships out of range. You have it, I relinquish command.”
In a moment, Ned was working on her. He said, “I can slow it down, but she needs surgery right away, without it she'll be dead in less than two hours.”
Jim had already made calls to the ships there were no doctors aboard he called Jeff who said he knew a surgeon, but it wasn't safe for us to come in as the guns were still under the control of Vella's men and posed a threat.
Gerald was on the bridge I asked, “Can you fly the chopper in these conditions?”
He said, “I'll be an Iffy proposition.”
I asked, “Ned can she survive the trip in the chopper,”
He said, “I think it's her only chance.”
I asked, “Gerald are you willing to try it?” 
He said, “I'll get ready, better get her in before we put it over the side.”
Sam carried Connie to the helicopter and strapped her in.
Her tan face now pale and drawn reminded me of the frail creature sitting on the settee that first night. The chopper was swung over in the lee of the ship, which provided some measure of protection. Gerald dived over the side and swam to the machine unhooked the cable climbed aboard while two other swimmers towed the helicopter away from the ship and soon the chopper though pitching violently in the waves staggered into the air and headed toward land.
I watched it disappear and suddenly felt old and empty. Connie had become my life without her there would be no future left to me. I had paid far too dear a price and what should have been a triumph had turned into hollow victory, leaving me with only the taste of bile to savor. I wandered slowly back to our cabin and set on the bunk. I took Connie's nightgown in my bloody hands put it to my face. it retained the faint fragrance of her, I broke down and began to cry.
Jim and Herb were running the ship; Vella along with his vision of empire was unceremoniously dumped over the side. deArmas had attempted to swim to a nearby fishing boat but was cut in two by the fifty. Jim was keeping the ships out of range of the artillery at Morro Castle and following the progress of the battle on the VHF.
Connie had arrived and was undergoing surgery that was all we knew. Cindy brought me a tray I asked if there was any news she said, “Not yet Sir, I'll let you know the minute I hear anything.”
I thanked her but left the food untouched. I was in limbo waiting for news. I tried to lay down hoping for sleep to quell the sadness yet I could only lay on the bunk hearing Connie's last words and thinking of those eyes that I loved so much. No, I would have gladly given Vella his empire in exchange for my dear fresh and blood girl. I could well understand how Helen of Troy had caused the launching of a thousand ships. What force was there that could be greater than love?
I felt someone gently shaking my shoulder. “Sir, wake up.” I hadn't been asleep but in a stupor dreaming of Connie and had almost expected to see her when I opened my eyes. “Linda what is it?”
“News about Connie, the doctor, said he managed to stop the bleeding but she's lost a lot of blood, he has none to give her and needs donors but has no way to type blood.” I sat up on the edge of the bunk.
“Sir I have the same type as Connie so does Carol Abernathy we’ll be glad to donate but they still hold the Castle and we can't go in. it's too rough for the helicopter and Gerald’s stuck in San Juan.”
I said, “OK, Linda can Ned collect blood?”
She said, “He says so.”
I said, “Will you ask Ms. Abernathy and set it up with Ned, Thanks so much Linda I appreciate it.”
She said, “Sir Connie is our friend and after what she did, well you know what I mean.”
I said in a cracking voice choked with tears, “She's quite a gal isn't she,”
Linda said, “Yes sir that she is.”
I had wallowed in self pity long enough now Connie's life was again in my hands, there was only fifteen miles separating her from the life giving fluid she needed to survive, it was up to me to overcome the obstacles and make sure she got it. I still wore the blood stained clothes, I quickly changed and went to the bridge. 
“Jim asked, “Ready to resume command sir.”
I said, “No Jim you and Herb run things for a while, what's the situation?”
“Well, the bad guys still hold Morro, Dennis, and Jeff have them boxed in while they’re cleaning out the rest of the town.”
I said, “Sure wish Dennis had done something about those damned guns.”
Jim said, “He tried to spike them, but Vella's men discovered it and were able to get two or three back in operation.”
I said, “Jim I'm going to need the launch, Ned's collecting blood for Connie when he's finished I'll run it in.
“Captain those guns you'll never make it passed them.
I said, “I have to try that was a brave thing she did. She's my wife I and owe it to her. I'm going alone so I won’t put anyone else in danger.”
The launch was put over the side; I placed the cooler on the floor and was just about to cast off when Sam jumped aboard.
I said, “Sam I'm going alone.”
Sam said, “GW you don't give me orders, get going were wasting time.”
We proceeded toward the harbor entrance I was on the VHF with Dennis and said, “Thought you took care of those frigging guns.”
“Sorry Captain, we managed to take most of them out before they could stop us, there’s only two you really have to worry about.”
Sam and I felt we were going to make it as we were almost into the harbor before the first shell landed. It was way over and I was betting we were fast enough and such a small target they wouldn't be able to get the range. Two more rounds missed by a mile then they got lucky and a shell landed close enough that shrapnel peppered the boat, miraculously neither Sam nor I were hit but in less than a minute the engine began missing and quit. The launch slowed to a stop we were a sitting duck all they had to do was to walk in on us.
Sam threw open the engine cover, looked and said, “They got the fucking fuel line.”
We both dug into the compartment the steel line coming from the tank to the engine was severed clean. I looked around for a rubber line to splice it with when another shell roared overhead and landed three hundred yards away I jerked a hose off the air cleaner it was a tad too large. I found a roll of electrical tape and wrapped both ends of the steel line then forced the hose on. I yanked a length of wire off a sender and fashioned tourniquets using a screwdriver and wrench to twist the wire tight around each end of the hose. I finished just as another shell went whizzing by this time landing close enough to send spray into the boat.
I said, “We screw around any longer were bound to catch one, hold on to these I'll try to fire it up.”
I turned the key fuel squirted from the spliced line yet I was hoping the injectors would self-bleed. I cranked the starter one cylinder hit then another and we started limping along making maybe six knots. Sam was holding the wrench and screwdriver trying to keep the line from leaking. The gunners were getting better as shells were landing all around us; it would only be a matter of minutes before we were hit.
I was startled by an explosion at the castle followed by another I looked astern and there was Pisces heading in from sea with her gun firing. I grabbed the mike and shouted. “God damn you Jim don't be risking my fucking ship.”
He replied, “Captain she’s my fucking ship now, you just worry about that blood.”
The guns on Morro switched targets and there was a splash 200 yards from the ship. The Coast Guard station was almost in view as the diesel again started missing and died. The wire had broken and we began rummaging through the boat for hose clamps when I looked up and saw the whaleboat coming around the bend toward us with the oarsmen pulling so hard she had a bone in her teeth. In minutes, they were alongside, and I handed the cooler over.
Sam said, “Go, I got this shit under control.”
I hopped in the whaleboat and it pulled away. In the distance, Pisces was engaged in a dual with the battery, a large explosion at the fort gave evidence she was more than holding her own and had put at least one of the guns out of action.
As we disembarked at the Coast Guard dock, there was another larger explosion in the distance and Castle Morro fell silent. With the threat to my steel mistress diminished I concentrated on saving my flesh and blood girl, I climbed in the pickup and Jeff tore through the streets, he tried to give me an update as we went but I barely heard him as I was focused only on getting the precious red fluid into Connie.
We pulled up to the doctor's house he met us at the door, took the blood, and began the transfusion. Connie looked so pale laying there barely breathing. The doctor spoke broken English, but I was able to gather the bullet had damaged a vein or artery. He credited Ned's training as a medic packing the wound and stanching the bleeding with saving her life. I slept in a chair next to her bed, we had only spent one night apart when I had gone after the Hurst and this was the only night I had spent on dry land in over a year.
The next morning she awoke, I was holding her hand, never had I been so overjoyed to see eyelids open. She turned her head a faint smile came to her lips and in a weak voice, she said, “Hello GW, you look tired honey.” Then she squeezed my hand.
It was three days before Connie could be moved back to the ship and during that time, I never left her side. Thankfully she was young and strong and though it was painful with no anesthetics, she was recovering nicely. The big worry had been infection as we had no antibiotics available, but Ned and the doctor had been vigilant changing the dressing religiously, Ned said the surgeon had done a great job and there would hardly be a scar.
I teased her saying; “Now that you got Abernathy blood in you I'd better not catch you chasing Cindy down the passageways.”
Connie said, “Be nice she saved my life.”
“Just joking, I'll admit we got off on the wrong foot but Carol's mellowed out since Haiti, she's an interesting women when you get to know her and she's damn sure earned my undying gratitude.
Connie said,” Maybe I'd better start watching you.”
I said, “No honey you’re plenty peculiar enough for me.”
Jim asked me to let him know when I wished to take over command. I took him aside, “Jim I can no longer be effective as captain of Pisces, I put my personal interests above duty and in doing so risked the lives of all serving under me, that in itself renders me unfit to command.”
Jim said, “I don't buy that Sir, I was there so was Herb, Linda, Cindy, and Dan, we all agreed we would have done no different had any of us been in command. I have no doubt you would have acted, in the same manner, had it been any one of us, it just happened to be Connie. Captain you asked for a vote of confidence when this thing started and we gave it to you wholeheartedly and nobody has changed their mind.
“I lost my wife and two little girls in the Collapse if I had been in your shoes I would have given Vella the whole god damned Coast Guard if I thought it would have saved just one of them. The Pisces is your ship I'll care for her until your ready to take over. Don’t beat yourself up over this, nowhere is it written that it’s a crime to be human.”
Had it not been for almost losing Connie the defeat of Vella’s forces would have been the cause for celebration. It had taken Jeff's forces two days to root out the diehard remnants of Vella's supporters from San Felipe de Morro. Pisces was now tied up to a wharf for the first time since leaving Key West. Jeff and his forces were in control of the city, and with a supply of gasoline and diesel, were using the patrol boats and vehicles to take back Roosevelt roads.
With Vella gone decent people came forward to participate in the beginnings of a proper government. I wrote out a long report to Allan and sent it back with the supply ship captain. I had visited three islands each was distinctive in how it had come through the Collapse. Cuba dealing with its guilt yet poised to become prosperous, Hispaniola crushed, broken and almost devoid of life and now Puerto Rico, which had it not been for the courage of a young woman, would have become the domain of a despot, with ambitions of empire. What lay before us as we continued our journey I couldn't begin to guess?
As Connie healed so did I though I carried a fair amount of guilt knowing I had endangered her life as always she remained the wind beneath my wings and urged me to get back to business. Finally, I walked on the bridge and told Jim I felt ready to go back to work, he said, “Captain, consider the ship yours.”
I said, Thanks, Jim you have the bridge and walked off.
Our stay in Puerto Rico came to an end, Connie and I stood on the bridge wing watching Linda say goodbye to Jeff, Connie said, “I feel sad for those two their so much in love and now they’re going to be separated.”
I said, “Only for a little while Linda told me she's putting in for a transfer so she and Jeff can go to work procreating their own little Navy.”
The lines were brought aboard and Pisces once more headed out past Castle Morro and then turned her bow toward the Virgins. We took our time ambling along the coast allowing the scientists to do research as Puerto Rico had been fished heavily over the last couple of years.
****
Chapter Ten Three Hour Tour
We now had time to give the scientific side of the mission a chance to do its work, I had to admit they had been forced to suck hind tit while all the monkey business had played out in Puerto Rico. With Pisces replenished, we were ready to work our way down the chain.
While I had been occupied with political and social side of things, Dr. Brothers and Joyce had hit upon the idea of compiling data on how the ratio of population density to arable land had affected each island. We had no reliable census for Haiti but estimated the population left on the entire island of Hispaniola was less than two thousand.
Our scientists had taken advantage of our extended stay in Puerto Rico and put together a rough census. Puerto Rico had the largest population density of any island in the Caribbean and had lost over two-thirds of its population yet things like the availability of arable land to grow food and the quantity of small fishing boats figured highly into the equation.
Puerto Rico’s fishing fleet through Jeff's efforts had operated effectively through much of the Collapse saving countless lives, whereas the Haitians had used almost any craft that would float in a vain attempt to escape leaving those on the island with little means with which to fish.
Haitians had ravaged the island like a plague of locusts moving on through Dominica devouring everything as they went until the island had nothing left to sustain human life. The Haitian couple had described to Carol how things had spiraled down to the point where those still able had fought for the last scraps of food then turned to eating each other. Sadly cannibalism had so often been the rule rather than the exception during the Collapse. This was the legacy future generations would be left to ponder and debate.
As we moved down the chain an effort would be put forth to assess not only fish populations, but attempt to catalog and correlate how the unique conditions on each island had played its part in the human Collapse. Dr. Brother’s research dovetailed nicely with my studies and the data would be of immense value to those who came after us. Besides it was interesting as each island was in its own way a unique little microcosm.
The weather was idyllic the trades blew steady as we hopped from island to island conducting our research. Our journey marred only by the horrific toll the Collapse had taken on islands like Antigua and Barbuda, Saint Maarten which had been highly overpopulated and suffered the worst along with Montserrat where the eruption years ago had denuded a large part of the island. We encountered people just barely hanging on to life living in appalling conditions.
We had no means at our disposal to help these people and could do little but give words of comfort and assure them relief would arrive in the months to come.
The scientists hit on the idea of not only using Pisces for research, but to take advantage of her abilities as a suburb fishing machine and we began offering the islanders the bounty we harvested, many had taken up the practice of salting and drying fish and they cheerfully accepted whatever we offered. The GPS system had come on line but was intermittent and unreliable so it still remained the rule to take sights at every opportunity.
Spending so much time in Puerto Rico had cut into our schedule, it became a race to catch up, sometimes just touching islands such as Guadeloupe, Saint Lucia then shooting through the Grenadines. Our cruise had been uneventful since leaving Puerto Rico somewhat of an anti-climax or maybe it was just that we had become so conditioned to adventure we took things like a barracuda attack or lab fire in stride.
We skirted the Venezuelan coast checking out the small islands like Isla La Orchila, Bonaire, and Curacao and were on our way to Aruba when the alarms went off sending Dan scrambling into the engine room. He reported the main diesel generator had blown a head gasket but when he tore into it discovered it had also cracked a piston and ruined the liner. He had prepared for such an eventuality and had the parts on board. Dan said it would take him anywhere from three days to a week in order to effect repairs and we decided to limp into Oranjestad.
Aruba had not fared well, we found it deserted, the inhabitants having fled to the mainland. Most on board were still finding it hard to believe the Collapse could have such far-reaching consequences. I knew it was directly connected to overpopulation and the infrastructure we had developed to sustain it.
Once that infrastructure was damaged, people were forced to turn to what was available locally. Unfortunately, the situation had developed so rapidly there was no time to adjust even if the means existed to ramp up local food production. Populations consumed whatever was available then collapsed or moved.
With the ship laid up for a week, we found ourselves with time on our hands. Dennis had gone ashore and made a search but had found no threats. Connie and I decided to invite Joyce and Sam, take the launch and a picnic basket and do some exploring, the five of us counting skipper hadn't had a chance to get together and be ourselves since we left Astor.
We ventured down the coast just relaxing, enjoying the day, and letting our hair down, Sam got around to spinning the tale of how he and Herb had come by the truckload of meat. As far as I was concerned the statute of limitations had run out and the evidence had for the most part been consumed. It was good to be free from the burdens of command and among friends with whom we had shared so much.
Late afternoon approached Sam pulled in the anchor and we started on our way back to the ship. We had just got underway when the engine developed a hard knock, it didn’t take long to determine we had a rod bearing or wrist pin about to go. I immediately shut the engine down, as Dan would eat my ass if I ran it until it came unglued.
We were out of sight of the ship, but I wasn’t worried as we had the VHF and I had checked it before we left. I repeatedly called, but got no response, we checked the connections and everything was hooked up, but the radio would neither transmit nor receive. On closer examination of the radio, Sam found a tiny hole made by a piece of shrapnel from the same shell that had severed the fuel line.
By this time the shore was just a little too far to attempt a swim and the current was carrying us away from the island. We had felt safe as long as we were in radio contact as the inflatable could come to our rescue. What had been a pleasure cruise was starting to look more like the beginnings of a survival situation.
Still I was sure Jim would send the inflatable in search of us we only had to wait. Had I known what lay ahead I would have used what was left of the engine to get us to the coast, but I was sure it would only be a matter of a couple of hours before the inflatable had us in tow.
Dusk turned into night we kept a lookout expecting any minute to see the inflatable’s running lights. We had no flares on board as they had become useless, only one weak flashlight and the plugin search light which we could use only sparingly in order to conserve the battery, which like all things was over three years old.
We made a check of the stores on board; the launch was the principal lifeboat for the ship and therefore provisioned accordingly. We always carried an extra ten gallons of fuel along with five gallons of water and I calculated together with the water and food already stowed aboard it would keep us going for at least a couple of weeks with rationing.
The GPS Chart plotter was functioning for a change and I worked out a rough estimate of our course. We were currently on a heading of roughly 210 degrees and if conditions persisted it would bring us close to the Venezuelan coast some thirty miles away. Our present rate of drift was such that we would close the coast sometime tomorrow afternoon. Gerald was sure to find us with the helicopter in the morning until then we would have to sit it out. I looked over at Connie and was thankful she had fully recovered from her wound.
Dawn broke, but it was mid-morning before we saw the helicopter way off in the distance, too far away to signal. Gerald had been our last chance and as the chopper vanished so did any hope of quickly being found. We realized It would likely be three or four days before the ship could begin searching, by then we would be somewhere along the South American coast. I was sobered by the knowledge we were now four souls and a dog in an open boat drifting in the Southern Caribbean.
Sam and I took stock of the situation we weren’t in any immediate danger as we had ample food and water, the GPS plot showed the combination of wind and current was carrying us toward the Gulf of Venezuela. 
I would turn on the GPS at four-hour intervals set a waypoint then plot our progress. I told everyone we might not make it to civilization, but it looked like we weren’t going to die at sea either. I said,  “We should be ashore tonight if everything stays as it is.”
I had no idea what the options ashore would be. We were fairly well armed there was an M16 in the boat, both Sam and I had brought pistols, and Connie never traveled without the little 22 tucked away somewhere.
We had set up the bimini top as a sun shade and also to use as a makeshift sail since the wind direction was more favorable than the current, we passed the time debating what we were going to do once we got on shore and how long it would be before Pisces would come looking for us.
The launch was equipped with an EPIRB or emergency locator beacon, but it would do us no good as there was no longer anyone listening for the signals. Before the Collapse, I could have activated it and within an hour or two there would have been search aircraft and vessels on the way.
The GPS indicated our course would take us past Paraguana peninsula and the Gulf of Venezuela where we might be able to make a landing. Sam spent his time fishing and caught a couple of bonito which had sought the shelter of the boat, we had no way to cook them so Sam had tossed them back
I was becoming worried we wouldn't be able to make land and the current might keep us offshore or in the middle of the gulf or we could drift all the way to Maracaibo where Pisces wouldn't be able to find us.
The afternoon came to an end we began to make out land; calculations put us drifting down the bay toward Amury, which was just above the large Venezuelan oil port of Carirubana. We were off the coast a couple of miles and I decided to take a chance on the diesel and run in closer to shore and try to make it to the bay. I said, “Sam it’s past time for babying this damn engine we got to get ashore pretty soon, I'm going to fire it up and try to make it into Amury.”
I cranked up the diesel and headed into shore skirting the coast staying close enough so Sam and I could swim the launch ashore. The diesel kept hammering and I felt confident we were going to make it but just as we drew abreast of a large maintenance dock there was a loud clang and bang followed by a cloud of smoke and the engine turned it final revolution. We all jumped in and swam the launch to shore, Skipper was first to reach the beach and was running back and forth barking encouragement, we beached the boat on the Southside of the dock.
Once the boat was safely tied up Sam and I, began to reconnoiter, we walked to the dock and maintenance facility but found it deserted and desolate except for a large tanker alongside the dock. Skipper made the most of being on dry land by running ahead checking out everything and hiking his is leg at every opportunity. We checked the complex but found no sign of human activity.
This was one of the bleakest spots in northern South America. Yet it had also been Venezuela's largest oil port and refinery, we had drifted passed abandoned rigs and it hadn't escaped me that this was where Vella had counted on obtaining his fuel supplies. We discussed what to do next, I told Sam, “It's only a matter of time before the launch is discovered, there's a fifty-fifty chance people here will be friendly still I think it might be a good idea to find out on our own terms.
I said, “I figure it’s a little over three miles to the bay entrance. What say you and I make a trek tonight and look around then we'll have some idea of what’s going on? If the folks look friendly fine no problem, maybe we can find something to use our diesel in and make it back to the ship. If not, then we can try to scrounge enough stuff around here to rig a mast and sail and put back to sea. You ladies stay here along with Skipper and try to get some shuteye if all goes well we’ll be back before sunrise.”
Sam and I set out walking along the rugged shore it was hard going and took over two hours to reached the outskirts of Amury, it seemed abandoned, we worked our way East wandering empty streets until we caught sight of the bay. Looking down the beach we spotted a large bonfire and out in the bay could just make out a forest of masts and ships of every description. They were too far to make out much detail, but enough I could tell there was a sprinkling of warships among them.
I said, “Jesus Sam there must be half the frigging sailboats and ships in the Caribbean sitting out there.”
He asked, “What do you reckon is going on.”
I said, “Has to be the southern half of Vella's Navy?”
Sam said, “GW, be awful nice if they'd let us borrow one of those sailboats, wanna sneak in for a closer look.”
We carefully kept to the shadows of vacant houses as we made our way through town until we reached the narrowest part of the point.
There was a roaring fire going on the beach with a group of men around it. I looked through the glasses and was horrified as there were what appeared to be human body parts grilling on a barbecue made out of a cut up 55 gallon drum. I didn't say anything, just handed Sam the glasses. He panned around and the glasses stopped in the direction of the grill.
He whispered, “Their cooking somebody’s frigging legs ass cheeks and all, GW don't think we wanna go waltzing in there and say howdy, do you?”
We waited watching the hideous spectacle more than once thanking our lucky stars the diesel had crapped out when it did or we would have clunked our way into maybe becoming the next menu item. The mass of sailboats sitting out in the bay was just too tempting to pass up if we could liberate one it would allow us to escape and sail back to Pisces. Sam and I agreed it was worth the risk to check them out.
It was around one thirty before the anchorage became quiet. We had picked out a dory that was pulled up on shore close by and when what little moon there was disappeared behind the clouds we crept down and launched it. We paddled out to the fleet then carefully picked our way through the hundred or more sailboats large and small tightly rafted together in one big mass.
We moved along the outside of the pack expecting any minute to be spotted, but it appeared there wasn’t anyone guarding the fleet though it was certain from the neatness that they received some attention. We continued until a center cockpit ketch caught my eye, I whispered to Sam, “I think this one is a forty-two Whitby looks to be in good shape and its right where we can get it out.”
There was just enough room to maneuver the dory in between the ketch and the sloop beside it. Sam grabbed a line and swung aboard and I followed. Looking around the deck it was tidy and all the rigging appeared to be in working order but there were no sails.
We made our way down into the cabin and found nine or ten sail bags piled in the salon, using the weak flashlight I examined the contents all but one old jib appeared to be in excellent condition. I made my way to the engine compartment and was delighted to find a late model Yanmar diesel. I said excitedly, “This is our ticket out of this frigging place all we need is some fuel and a battery.”
We spent another hour going over the boat until we were both satisfied it would fit the bill then took the dory and paddled ashore being careful to leave it just as we had found it even brushing away our tracks.
On our way back to the launch we hatched out a plan, it was evident from what we had witnessed that we couldn't risk hanging around in hopes Pisces might find us. We agreed to return tomorrow night with the battery and diesel from the launch, sneak aboard get the ketch running and haul ass.
It sounded simple in theory, but things rarely go as planned, besides lugging a heavy battery and ten gallons of diesel for almost three miles along the rugged coast would be a daunting task. We had come across a dilapidated dory by the maintenance dock and decided we could use it to ferry the stuff to the point then we could carry the fuel and battery the short distance to the other dory we had used in our exploration of the anchorage. After making our escape, we would swing by pick up the girls, take the launch in tow, and later transfer whatever we could use like diesel and water then cut it adrift.
We got back around five and went to work camouflaging the launch using whatever vegetation and drift we could find. Throughout the day, we saw an occasional sail yet none ventured close enough to become a threat. We were miserable and hot all, we could do, was make the best of the situation and try to rest or sleep. Evening approached we patched the ragged dory as best we could then loaded in the fuel and battery. With all of us pushing, we managed to get the launch anchored in water deep enough so, we would be able to pull along side of it with the ketch. Connie and Joyce wanted to go, but we said it was too risky, if something were to go wrong we would be caught for sure. We told them to stay in the launch and be ready when we got back.
I took Connie aside as it was only fair to let her know what she and Joyce could be up against in the event we failed to return.
I said, “God's knows I didn't want to tell you this, but they were barbecuing some poor bugger last night just so you know in the unlikely event we don't make it.
“I wish I could lay out some kind of decent option for you and Joyce but frankly there aren’t any. Honey if we aren’t back by daylight pack up as much food and water as you can carry and start walking north. The road runs along the coast there's a couple of town’s you'll have to bypass. Travel at night its cooler; try to get as far North as possible, there’s a good chance Pisces will find you. Remember don't wait, take off if we can we'll catch up with you.”
She said, “Sometimes I feel were living out that old Chinese curse you know the one that goes, ‘May you always live in interesting times.’
“GW I don't want to sound like a wuss but I really think it's time we went home.”
I said, “Sweetie you'll get no argument out of me you’ve got no idea how many times I came close to telling you the same thing. Sam and I fully intend working toward making it happen.”
I took Connie in my arms and said, “No man’s ever been granted a more perfect partner in life. Constance Collins I love you, I never dreamed when we made that pact on the St. Johns I’d be in Venezuela about to steal a sailboat in order to fulfill it.”
We held and kissed, clinging to each other in the desperate way of lovers faced with mortal danger.
She sobbed, “GW I know you always keep your promises, promise me you'll come back.”
I said, “Flesh and blood girl you have my solemn promise.”
I thought to myself of all the promises I had ever made this was the one I most dearly wished to keep.
Sam and I slipped over the side into the dory and paddled along the shore, thankfully it was a quiet night with tiny wavelets and enough moon so we had no difficultly navigating the barren coast. It took us over two hours and a lot of bailing to reach our destination.
We made our way across to the vantage point we had occupied the night before. The dory, we had planned to use, was gone, moved down the shore to where the big fire was once again burning; we could see a dozen or so men sitting around it apparently drinking. It would leave us with no choice other then to lug the heavy dory across the point.
We settled down and waited for the partygoers to pass out and mused on who they were having for dinner tonight. Sam had the glasses and from time, to time would make a sweep. He said in a low, excited voice, “GW quick.”
For a second, I felt we had been discovered but when I looked toward the fire saw a great deal of commotion. Sam had the glasses and was giving a play-by-play of the goings on. He said, “One son of a bitch got up and fell right into the frigging fire his buddies went to pull him out but then another bunch got up wailed into them pushing the poor bastard back in, he's looking pretty crispy right now and everybody is still going at it.”
Finally, the fighting subsided instead of pulling the body of their comrade out they piled on more wood leaving Sam and I puzzled and speculating on what had transpired. It was one of the most bizarre sights I had ever witnessed, and provided added incentive for us to affect our escape.
It was again after one o’clock before the fire died down enough that we felt safe lugging and launching the heavy dory; it took us three trips to get everything carried across and loaded. We shoved off and made our way to the ketch. Sam went aboard, and I passed the fuel and battery up to him. I then went to work and changed out the battery, unhooked the fuel line from the electric pump and attached a length of rubber hose and stuck the end into one of the five-gallon jugs of diesel. Someone had gone to the trouble of fitting the engine with an auxiliary panel, and it now came in handy.
I crossed my fingers and turned the switch the electric fuel pump began to hum and click. When it quit I said, “Here goes nothing.”
I pushed the starter button the engine turned over and hit, but failed to start I pushed the button again, this time the starter grunted then just clicked. I played with the battery connections with no results. I said, “Shit the battery’s dead were screwed.”
Sam had his head over my shoulder looking in. He said, “Is that the crank hanging on the wall?”
I said, “Yeah.”
Sam said, “Get out-of-the-way.”
Already shoving passed me he grabbed the crank and fitted it on the shaft.
I said, “Wait there's a compression release.” I flipped it and Sam turned the crank like a wild man, the diesel coughed hit on one cylinder then another and came to life.
He grinned and said, “What say we get the fuck out of here.”
It was a statement I had to admit reflected my sentiments exactly. We scrambled topside I took the wheel while Sam cut lines.
He said, “Wait a minute I got an idea.” He grabbed the other jug of diesel jumped onto the next boat slid back the hatch and sloshed a gallon or so down the companionway then pulled a piece of paper from his pocket lit it and tossed it in.
He said, “That’ll give them something to worry about besides us.” He cut the last line I rammed the gearshift in forward and opened the throttle.
Our endeavors hadn't gone unnoticed, on shore, someone had raised the alarm and men began spilling out along the waterfront some manned dories and had began paddling toward us. The Whitby picked up speed as we made for the harbor entrance, the first dory’s crew was paddling furiously in the effort to overtake us one guy brandishing a pistol began firing wildly. Sam grabbed the M16 and sprayed the dory killing the one with the pistol and causing its other occupants to vote unanimously in favor of immediate retreat.
I could tell by the dense black smoke the fire had gained a foothold and fiberglass was beginning to burn. The boats were packed together like sardines and with any luck it would keep the whole crew busy battling the fire.
I said, “Sam better take the other five down, make sure the hose stays in and the jug doesn't tip over. While you’re at it turn on the battery switches see if we can get a charge going on the house bank as well.”
I headed straight out into the bay hoping they would think we were making for open water. When I felt we had ventured far enough offshore so our movements could no longer be discerned, I turned and headed to the launch.
It took us less than an hour to get back to Connie and Joyce. Even in the dark the white launch made a conspicuous sight, I could hear Skipper barking as I swung alongside. The boats had barely touched before the dog and girls scrambled aboard, Connie flung her arms around my neck and began crying “Oh GW thank God your safe.”
I said, “Come on honey lighten up, you know I always keep my promises.”
After a quick reunion Sam pulled the anchor and placed the launch in tow, I turned the Whitby seaward and we said goodbye to Venezuela. Connie took the wheel while Sam and I broke out the sails. It took a couple of hours of fumbling in the dark before we managed to get them bent on and trimmed. We could now take full advantage of the light breeze and I took the helm. Looking over my right shoulder the night sky was lit by an orange glow, there was a violent explosion, evidence the fire had spread to the ships.
We waited until morning before we brought the launch alongside, then jury-rigged an extension cord to the launches fuel pump, and transferred the diesel into the starboard tank on the Whitby, when we had finished the gauge showed it was three quarters full. We stripped the launch bare of anything useable then set it adrift. I found and mounted the GPS chart-plotter and it showed we were making around five knots, which I considered good as the bottom was foul with weed and barnacles.
We had made our escape; all in all it had gone like clockwork and after being marooned on the barren coast the deck of the little blue water cruiser felt good under our feet. All that remained was to determine where we were going to go as sailing back to Aruba would be difficult and we would have to beat to windward and fight the current. It would force us to keep tacking or use power all the way, besides we couldn't be absolutely sure Pisces would still be there.
I figured we had pissed off a goodly number of people and Aruba would be one of the first places they’d start looking. I was sure they were likely better sailors then we were and I wanted to avoid a running battle if at all possible.
Our best bet was to get the hell out of Dodge by the quickest route and stick with the prevailing wind and current heading north along the Central American coast. I thought it over all morning and by noon felt Belize would be the most logical destination, they spoke English, and I had worked off and on for over two decades in the tiny country and knew it well. I way praying some of my contacts had come through the Collapse.
Before making the journey across the Caribbean, we needed to top off our water tanks. I was leery of making a stop on the coast and after studying the chart plotter set course for the small archipelago of San Andres which belonged to Columbia and was situated roughly a hundred and fifty miles off the coast of Nicaragua. I was hoping there would be a vat or cistern on one of the smaller islands we could draw from. It was a trip of four hundred miles, we were averaging five knots I figured it would require a passage of four days. We had food and water enough for well over a week if we used it only for drinking.
Sam caught enough fish for a good meal; we splurged firing up the generator to run the electric stove. Connie and Joyce did their best baking them but without seasoning they made a bland meal, still nobody complained. We played around with the ketch until we had a fair idea of how she handled under different points of sail.
The weather was favorable with only an occasional squall, Sam and I went over the mechanics of the boat while Joyce and Connie cleaned and aired out the interior. We fell into an easy rhythm spending much time lounging in the cockpit under the bimini and with the exception of our limited food and water it became an enjoyable cruise. The morning of the fourth day we approached one of the smaller cays I had picked out hoping it was uninhabited. We sailed around it Sam and I scanned for signs of life with the glasses but there was no movement and it looked abandoned only a couple of small runabouts half buried on the beach. I was surprised to see a row of large houses half hidden among the coconut trees. We spied a substantial concrete pier jutting out over a hundred feet and after some discussion we fired up the diesel made our way in, pulled alongside, and tied up.
With Sam and I leading the way, we cautiously walked ashore weapons at the ready. It soon became evident this had been a private vacation island of the rich and infamous, most likely some drug cartel. There were a dozen large houses in varying states of disrepair we made a preliminary search but found no one alive or dead, apparently the island had been abandoned at the beginning of the Collapse.
We came across several cisterns and vats, only two or three of which could be considered useable as drinking water. As we continued our explorations came on a couple of large utility buildings Sam broke the lock on the first one and we entered to find two large Caterpillar generators of two hundred KW along with a gigantic fuel tank which looked to be better than five thousand gallons. Sam went over and read the sight glass. He shouted, “GW this son of a bitch is three-quarters full.”
Suddenly all our focus switched to the generator; if it would start maybe, we could find some way to pump water and fuel to the boat.
There were two large start batteries, but Sam and I together couldn’t pack them all the way to the boat so a search began for some way to charge them. We found enough heavy duty extension cords to reach from the generator's batteries to the boat. We plugged in a portable charger and used the boats generator.
The rest went on exploring while I hung around checking over the generator. Toward evening I checked the battery's voltage it was up and I hollered for everyone, they arrived and watched as I pushed the starter button the generator kicked over like it had been used yesterday and the lights in the building begin to glow then burned brightly. We walked outside to discover the island lit up from one end to the other. I ran back to the ketch turned off the generator dug out the shore power cords and plugged them into the dock receptacles, checked the polarity and voltage at the panel. I turned on the air conditioners and checked to see if they were pumping water, when I was satisfied everything was working, went to find the others.
They had made themselves at home in one of the best preserved houses, the air conditioning already cooling it down. Connie said, “GW you won't believe this, but there’s a pantry stuffed full of can goods.”
I asked, “Is there any coffee?”
She said, “Yes dear, plenty I'm getting ready to make a pot.”
We sat in the spacious living room enjoying the cool of the air conditioning discussing our good fortune. Sam had found a bottle of Crown and was diligently attempting to get the best of it while the girls explored the house waiting impatiently for the water to heat enough for hot showers.
The house was a treasure trove of neat stuff from soaps and food to clothes evidently the previous owner had good taste and both Joyce and Connie were soon showered and outfitted. I said, “Guys better enjoy it while you can, tomorrow we'll start stocking the boat.”
We sat around enjoying the amenities of a past world which had for over a year been denied us.
Connie and I said good night and went back to break in the ketch as Joyce and Sam elected to stay in the house. We sat in the cockpit. I said, “It's been one hell of a ride honey like a roller coaster, you’re right, at times it has seemed like we've living that old Chinese curse but, hopefully, from here on out it’ll be smooth sailing all the way home.”
With such a perfect night, everything, we’d been through seemed like a distant dream.
I said, “Honey, I came up with a new name for the boat I think you'll like it but don't ask it's a surprise.”
We were awakened around three by Sam; “GW get up there's a fire.”
I hurried on deck a house at the far end of the island was burning, we all ran down and watched the fire consume the structure. It was a shame for it was one of the larger homes on the island and we hadn’t yet explored it. There was no telling what useful stuff it might have contained. One indication was a large Single Side Band antenna, the radio would have allowed us to contact Pisces, Mayport, or even Jeff, but, as they say, win some lose some. I surmised the fire had stared from a faulty electrical circuit or maybe an appliance which had been left on. We hung around watching until we were satisfied the fire wasn't going to spread then went back to bed.
Next morning we were getting ready to hunt down every garden hose on the island with the intention of hooking them together and filling the water tanks on the ketch, then using them to transfer diesel. Sam was walking the dock he said, “GW I think there's water already here.”
I took a look and sure enough there was a hose bib, Sam turned it on and water came gushing out. Great but we still had to know if it was from one of the good cisterns so Sam went to investigate. While waiting I, spied another larger pipe running along the dock, it ended with a valve alongside of which was an empty hose reel this drew my interest and I hurried to the generator building.
My hunch was right, there beside the tank was a transfer pump with a reversible motor, and hanging on the wall above it was a twenty-five foot piece of fuel hose with a nozzle attached. I hollered for Sam, who was by this time back on the dock.
He walked in and said, “The dock waters from that good cistern next the little caretaker house.”
I said pointing. “Look what I’ve found, I bet it runs all the way out to the end of the dock.”
We carried the hose and hooked it up. I went back started the pump and Sam shouted, “We got diesel.”
Sam and I filled the boat while Joyce and Connie were busy making the rounds systematically looting every house of things we needed. They had discovered a John Deer diesel Gator and made Sam and I drop everything until we got it running for them, they were like a couple of kids zipping from one house to the next and carting booty back to the boat. Connie and Joyce had been busy all day packing away food and the other stuff they had scavenged. Connie said, “We threw out a good bit of stuff some of the cans were rusted through or bulging.”
I said, “Make sure cause all, it takes, is one can of botulin to do us all in.”
We began to refer to it as Fantasy Island, as every house was of totally differing architecture ranging from an Alpine chalet to American colonial and even ultra modern, when viewed by themselves each was a work of art, but taken together seemed incongruous and garish.
Connie and Joyce found a working washer and dryer and had been busy doing up everything in the boat. Sam and I roamed the island and even stumbled across a couple of full propane tanks for the grill. Next to the generator building were two other buildings, one we were calling the toy room as itt was crammed with everything from parasail to scuba equipment and would have been the envy of many sporting goods stores.
The other was a virtual fortress made of reinforced concrete with a door suited more for a vault then a building. We speculated on its contents, and if it was full of cocaine or the proceeds from drug sales. As they say, enquiring minds want to know. I told Sam. “Curiosity killed the cat; maybe we should leave it alone.” 
He said, “Yeah but they also say… satisfaction brought it back. There’s got to be a key somewhere on the island.”
We searched for the key off and on for two days; it was Joyce who found it in the caretaker's kitchen drawer. Everyone grouped around and held their breath as I turned the lock and pulled the heavy door open. I flipped on the light and in front of us was something far more valuable than drugs or money, food. From the floor to ceiling the bunker was stuffed with canned food, dry food, and bottles of this and that along with enough booze to turn us all into alcoholics. To people who hadn’t seen full supermarket shelves in years it bordered on the obscene. I couldn’t help myself and blurted out, “Who in the hell were these fucking people, there’s more food in here than we had on Pisces.”
The girls explored the vault excitedly chattering away, Sam and I left them to their near state of ecstasy and went hunting for equipment so we could begin cleaning the bottom of the ketch. Equipped with masks and snorkels we all spent a couple of days removing barnacles and weed from the bottom, they were thick and we only managed to scrape off two-thirds of them, still it would make a noticeable improvement.
As I had told Connie, I decided to rename the ketch, at present it was Neptune’s Pride. The island boasted a wood working shop that had obviously been used in the construction of the houses and like everything else it was fabulous. I found a dual action air sander and removed the name on the transom board then put on fresh coats of varnish. Next day Joyce, who was the most accomplished among us, was hung over the transom in the bosun's chair and neatly lettered Homeward Bound. Connie christened it with a bottle of champagne and we celebrated with two more.
Besides the vault several of the houses had extensive supplies of liquor, I caught Sam bringing a case of Crown Royal on board. I said, “One bottle only take the rest back.” Joyce gave Sam a dirty look and he handed her a bottle and marched off the boat with the rest. Joyce said, “I had him almost weaned, but this island is awash with booze.”
I said, “Pick me up a bottle of Makers Mark if you see one?”
She said, “Don't tell me you're starting too.”
I said, “No it's strictly medicinal in my case.”
She said, “I'll ask Connie to get you one.”
I said, “Don't trust your captain either?
She said, “Your all little boys underneath when it comes to putting temptation in your path.”
I said, “Before you go casting stones, didn't I see you and Connie lugging crates of wine aboard.”
She answered, “That’s strictly for medicinal purposes too…. I'll level with you. When I was young I dated this guy who's parents had a large vineyard and I had this wild idea of becoming a California wine baroness, even studied wine making for a couple of years. I learned enough to know some of the vintages on this island were going for better than three hundred bucks a bottle before the Collapse.
“They’ll make great trading material good booze is better than gold in times of crisis. If I didn't think, Sam would fall off the wagon completely I would have brought some of the best whiskey and rare Scotch on board. Whoever owned this island knew what the term top shelf meant.”
I said, “That's what I like about girls you’re such crafty devils. Your right Sam has mellowed out considerably from the old days and I'd hate to see him backslide. Still it's not a bad idea, I’ll try to keep Sam out-of-the-way, there's a nifty hiding place under the aft bunk, just make sure you pack everything in carefully and keep clear of the steering quadrant and auto pilot.”
It had taken almost half the day to install the launches large Garmin chart plotter at the Navigation station, it was much better than the little one on the pedestal and because it was NOAA Government Issue was loaded with every electronic chart in creation. I was relieved to find the boats depth transducer was compatible and would feed both units.
I prayed the GPS system would stay online because even though there was a plastic sextant on board I had no sight reduction tables, almanac or accurate chronometer, the GPS time was accurate when it worked but when it did there was no need to take sights. I regretted that the only SSB on the island had gone up in flames, the Whitby had been equipped with one but it had been removed and only the insulated backstay antenna remained.
We had spent a week stocking the boat and relaxing; the island definitely had a certain charm about it and provided us with many of the creature comforts we hadn’t enjoyed in years. We would have liked to have stayed longer but felt we had to move on, I needed to find someway to contact the world and let them know we were still among the living.
Joyce and Connie took pains to tidy up the house, Sam and I roamed around the island making sure things were turned off, and secure. We hid the key to the vault along with the tips to the acetylene cutting torch as they were the only two ways to gain entry. Finally, we shut down the generator, which had in large part contributed to making this truly our little, Fantasy Island.
We were ready to leave but just as Sam was about to cast off Connie and Joyce stopped him and made us go ashore and put the Gator away in the generator building. Connie said, “I can't believe you were going to leave little Deer all alone on the dock.”
I guess we were lucky, as had they grown any more attached to the little machine they would have made us load little Deer on board and take it with us.
We watched our Fantasy Island grow smaller until it vanished from sight, just a small cloud marking its location. Next stop Belize City, of all the places we had visited I was anxious to see how Belize had fared, it had a small population still I had no doubt the Collapse had affected them adversely as well.
****

Chapter Eleven Homeward Bound
I was pleased with Homeward Bound, finding her and the Island had been strokes of good fortune, I hoped it was an omen, and signaled our luck had changed. The boat had been well-taken care of, almost every system on board had been replaced or upgraded. Not just cobbled together but well thought out so everything looked and performed better than the original, and I had no doubt three years ago she would have surveyed Bristol. It had never ceased to amaze me how possessions had outlasted the people who owned them. The ketch had been federally documented, but I was sure the owners, who once called her home, were no longer alive.
I had worked out the watch schedule, it allowed each couple to spend time together and we could all share breakfast and supper. Sam as usual fished and on the second day caught a good-sized swordfish, now that we had the trimmings it made an excellent meal and Joyce broke out one of her pricey bottles of wine to accompany it.
With the current and wind both working in our favor calculations put us in Belize after a leisurely four or five days of cruising. I wasn't pushing, and shortened sail at night as I didn't want people half asleep, stumbling around on deck trying to reef in the pitch dark during the middle of a squall, besides we weren’t in a race.
I was sure that by now Dan had finished repairs and Pisces with Jim in command after a fruitless search had continued her research minus her captain, the crane operator, two scientists, and mascot. She was by now most likely in Grand Cayman or headed to Key West.
I just couldn't get over our luck finding Fantasy Island. It had provided us with everything we needed to make the trip enjoyable and enjoying it we were. The ketch sailed well, the majority of the time the wind held steady on the starboard quarter allowing the autopilot to perform most of the work, but only after we had sent Connie up the mast in the bosuns chair to free up the wind vane.
We spent a lot of time lounging in the cockpit under the bimini discussing life in general. Sam asked me how come I started out in the Navy and wound up doing archeology.
“I was just a poor farm boy starting college when I found out the Navy would pay for my education, they were heavy into engineering which was the field I wanted to major in, besides I liked the uniform and it was a great chick magnet. On a whim, I happened to take an elective course in geology, at the time plate tectonics was the hot button issue, you know continental drift. I soon came to realize it all made sense and provided a logical explanation of how the earth and life evolved. Studying the progression of the fossil record seemed so natural yet I found my geology instructor constantly having to defend his position against religious students whose only interest was harping about the man versus monkey thing.
Hell it didn't bother me in the least if my ancestors were monkeys just as long as I didn't have to go swinging in the trees or marry one. I just looked at it as a natural progression like from a model T to a brand new Corvette.
The more they argued, the more determined I became to find the truth. I began taking courses in geology, paleontology and finally I settled on archeology as it would allow me to develop a perspective on how man had reached some of the ridicules positions he held on religion.
“I wanted to work in the Middle East, but soon discovered almost everyone, who concentrated on studying the Middle East, seemed bent only on digging up Pharaohs or finding some scrap of supporting evidence for the Bible. I became interested in Mesoamerica especially the Mayan civilization. It differed vastly form old world beliefs yet had risen to be a powerful influence before suddenly collapsing leaving nothing but unanswered questions. When I got out of the Navy, I went back to school for my masters and doctorate and began doing research primarily in Belize along with some in Guatemala and Mexico. I can't say it answered my questions, but I believe I’m still on the right path.
We discussed Belize I told them it's a much different place than what my buddy described to me when he lived there in the fifties, but still it had a beauty and diversity few places on earth could equal. I wished we had some gas for the dingy as there were a lot of places we couldn’t go with our almost six foot draft.
We arrived off Turniff Reef in the evening of the fifth day although the GPS was working, I decided to lay off and overnight outside so we could go in with the sun high enough to allow the spotting of any uncharted reef or coral heads. The next morning under a bright sun with Sam in the spreaders we made our way under power once in a while passing small fishing boats with their tattered sails until the city came into sight looking as tropically depressed as ever yet possessing a rustic charm. We anchored a quarter mile off the entrance to Haul-Over Creek.
I told Sam and Joyce to stay alert and cautioned them not to allow anyone on board.
I said, “Sam I don't think were in any real danger but just in case be ready to haul ass if we don't make it back, we've been over it, you know the drill.”
Connie and I took the dingy, rigged the sail, and headed into the Custom's wharf. I had wanted to bring Sam and leave the girls on the ketch but thought better of it as if something happened to us the girls would be left alone to fend for themselves, this way Sam and Joyce would remain together and have a better chance to escape.
Once again, I was placing my flesh and blood girl’s life at risk. A crowd began to gather as we approached the wharf, I was wearing what was left of my Coast Guard coveralls and was relieved somewhat to see a couple of uniformed guys waiting when we reached the dock. They took the painter and tied the dingy off to a bollard then helped Connie onto the wharf we shook hands with a guy who seemed to be in charge and I introduced us. “Captain George Collins United Stated Coast Guard and this is my wife, Constance. We have been lost at sea and need the use of shortwave radio to contact our ship.” They looked at Connie and I deciding whether to believe us or not. Then one said, “Jus where your ship?”
I said, “It's a long story is there somewhere we can go and talk.”
We walked to the customs house I was glad they had assigned someone to guard the dingy. I explained briefly of Pisces mission and of our becoming marooned and deciding to sail here as I had worked and lived in Belize before the collapse. They were friendly, but I could tell I wasn’t making much headway, that is until I started dropping names when I hit on Claude Flowers it was like the whole backboard on the pinball machine lit up.
Claude had been a government minister in charge of heritage and had worked closely with me over the years, we had become friends and I had stayed with his family on many occasions. It came as a relief to find he was still kicking and was now higher up in the Government. I wrote him a note and while we waited, I kept the officers entertained with tales of our adventures.
Claude walked in saw me grinned came over, shook hands, and said, “Doctor Collins its about time you came back to dig in the jungle.”
I said, “Not exactly here to dig this time, let me introduce my wife, Connie. There's been a lot of water flowed under the old swing bridge since I left town. I'm a captain in the US Coast Guard at present…. As I was telling these guys it’s a long story. Claude, we got separated from my ship almost a month ago in Aruba, is there any way I can contact them by short wave?”
He grinned and said, “That's not going to be a problem, there is a radio set at old Government House we have been using to keep in touch with the outside world you hava walk or ride over on bicycle, let me see if I can fetch some and we can all go together.”
The three of us rode down Fort Street and over the swing bridge then down Regent to the old British Governors Mansion. All traffic was either by foot, mule cart or bicycle even without cars and trucks the streets seemed to bustle with activity. We arrived at the old Governors House and put or bikes in the rack.
I said, “Belize looks like it came through all right.”
Claude said, “We did better than most I believe. We did lose lots of pipple because of no medicine but not dat many starved.
We entered Government House and I gave the radio operator the frequency he managed to make contact with Key West I got on and gave them the particulars of our situation and asked that they pass it along to Mayport. There would be a reply tomorrow. I wished I could be there to see Allan when he got the news. I sat down with Claude and related the story of our adventures at length and ended saying we had no papers so I gambled that Belize would be the only place where anyone might remember me and so here we are.
Claude said, “Who you know be more important din any piece of paper nowadays.”
I felt better knowing I had made the right decision still we received paperwork allowing us free reign within the country. We shopped at the market for fresh produce then went on to a bakery for of all things sweet brown bread. We came alongside Homeward Bound with a dingy full of food. Belize had never stopped using its currency so Claude had lent us fifty bucks in exchange for a promise of some of our booze. That evening we dined in the cockpit on fresh bush chicken (Iguana) and candied plantains two of my favorites I had learned to enjoy while living in the jungle. We celebrated by opening another bottle of expensive Pinot Chardonnay.
The next day Claude sent a policeman to watch the boat and we all came ashore with two bottles of Jack Daniels for Claude I was told to be at Government House by two in the afternoon. The only thing, I could tell different about Belize City, was that it was smaller no more than thirty thousand about the same population as when my buddy had lived here in the fifties.
I arrived at Government House fifteen minutes early and at two sharp there was a call from the radio operator. He said, “A Bright mon he wants to talk to you.”
He moved over and said, “Go ahead.” and handed the mike to me, “Allan, George Collins here.”
“I'll be damned George it really is you, got more damned lives than a cat what the hell you doing in Belize anyway, is everyone all right?”
“Yes sir, were all OK.”
“Rumor has it someone torched the Venezuelan Navy you didn't have anything to do with that did you?” 
“No I can't take credit; Sam did it all on his own.”
“Just wanted to tell you Pisces is on the way be there tomorrow, couldn't stop them once they found out where you were. Jim disobeyed orders… George you ruined a good officer when you taught Jimmy how to think for himself. Still I'm tickled everyone’s all right, send me a full report when you get aboard Pisces, over and out.” As usual Allan had the last word.
I told the group Pisces was on the way and would be here tomorrow. I said Sam, “You'll go down in history as the man who single-handedly destroyed the entire Venezuelan Navy.”
He said, “Hope that’s a good thing?”
I said, “I think so remember they were eating each other and besides who wants to drink with a bunch that won't even put out a buddy's ass when it's on fire.”
Sam said, “Got a good point, I still can’t believe they did that.”
We were in a jovial mood the rest of the day. we sat in the cockpit till almost midnight before sleep overcame the excitement. I was up at five manning the VHF, it was just after six when I made contact with Pisces she was still outside the reef. I told Herb to wait until the sun was up and station lookouts on top of the bridge to check for Coral heads I said, “Jim I know they ran cruise ships in here, but I swear these damn coral heads got legs.”
It was almost noon when Pisces crept in and dropped anchor she made a welcome sight. We climbed in the dingy and rowed over to the gangway. I came aboard saluted the flag then Jim and Herb there were handshakes and hugs, everyone on board gathered around and the greeting went on for almost a half hour before I could take Herb and Jim aside leaving Connie, Joyce and Sam still surrounded.
We went and got some coffee then I gave them the unabridged account of all that had transpired from the minute the rod started knocking. When I finished it was Jim's turn and he filled me in on what they had done. When it was decided we were overdue the inflatable was launched it was dark and once outside the hand held search light malfunctioned so they had no way to alert us, we had been waiting to see a light and that was why we never saw one. We, on the other hand, had been conserving our battery waiting for a light so we could respond.
The next day they launched the chopper, Gerald spent the morning searching but the little machine developed mechanical problems when he attempted to get air born in the afternoon it was three days before a part could be manufactured. Dan worked around the clock in order to get the ship up and running but as they pulled out of the harbor another cylinder went and the ship was once again deadlined this time Dan had to do a complete tear down which took a whole week.
Gerald kept searching but found nothing, a little over a week after we went missing word arrived by sailboat that there had been an attack on the Venezuelan Navy and the attackers had made good their escape in a sailboat under power, since there was no fuel available locally it was suspected that they had brought it with them.
Jim said, “When I heard that report it raised our hopes for it had GW Collins written all over it, but when you didn't come sailing in I began to have my doubts.”
We finished repairs skirted the Venezuelan coast for a couple of days but didn't see any sign of the launch so we had to give up and proceeded to Grand Cayman where we hung around doing research for a bit, but to be honest no one had much desire left. We were cruising the Yucatan Straits almost abreast of Cozumel when the radio operator overheard your message and damn near knocked me down rushing to tell me. I contacted Key West and asked for confirmation then ordered a course change. Bright wasn't completely happy with my decision, but I wasn't about to take no for an answer.
He said, “Captain I'm ready to turn command of Pisces back to you.”
I said, “Not so fast Jim we've been passing command of this damn thing back and forth like a hot potato. Not this time, Pisces is your ship; it's always been your ship especially since the day you took her in harms way in San Juan.
“I would ask you to humor an old man by allowing me to issue one last order. Since we're here, we might as well take advantage of it and spend a few more days conducting research before heading home After all this is the second longest barrier reef in the world. I'll request an official command change from Allan, I'm sure he’ll concur.”
I had a dilemma to iron out as I was technically the master of two vessels and was going to have to give one up. I was hoping Allan would concede and let Jim take over Pisces for I couldn't bring myself to abandon Homeward Bound. The mission was essentially at the end and I felt like a fifth wheel. Pisces was by all accounts Jim's command and even though Allan bitched I knew he was proud that Jimmy had learned to think outside of the box.
I contacted Allan with some trepidation instead he embraced it with enthusiasm which instead of bringing relief worried me even more for it could only mean he had something up his sleeve. Next day the other shoe dropped. Homeward Bound had become an official Coast Guard vessel and I was assigned to her as master with orders to proceed to Key West immediately. I reminded him of his promise to cut us loose after the mission was over, he answered, “George I have cut you loose there's just a couple of little loose ends that need to be tidied up and I'll be there to meet you and Connie in Key West.”
Connie and I said good-bye, to Claude and promised we would be back to dig in the ruins. There was a small going away party on Pisces then we hoisted sail and headed to Key West, leaving Jim to conduct studies along the barrier reef.
Homeward Bound made an uneventful passage the weather and wind remained in our favor. For the first time in months, Connie and I were alone it was like a second honeymoon we took full advantage by discarding our clothes. Connie was a natural born sailor and we found to our delight that we could handle the boat by ourselves just fine, though with only two of us watches were somewhat bothersome, Skipper did his part helping out and I swear he could sense changes of sail trim and would bark if we began straying off course. I was going to the miss the ketch it would be hard going back to little Surreal.
We arrived in Key West a couple of days ahead of Pisces. It had been over five months since we had left but in some respects, felt like a lifetime. Allan was there on the wharf to welcome us
“George, Connie, welcome back and congratulations on completing your mission, even though I sent you off the master of a two hundred foot ship and you come sailing back captain of a stolen dingy. Christ George what’s a mother to do, you give the term loose cannon a whole new meaning. Get settled in we'll go over everything tomorrow I have something for you which should be right down your ally.
I thought, uh-oh, I've heard all this before and was determined not to allow Allan to manipulate me this time, my new favorite word at the coming meeting would be No.
At the little reception, that evening Abe Gully and Chad were hungry for details, especially about Puerto Rico and Venezuela. All evening Allan smiled like the cat that had swallowed the canary and though I tried several times he wouldn't divulge any details, which only added to my frustration, leading me to say, “Allan, I bet you got your kicks pulling wings off butterflies when you were little.”
Afterward as Connie and I lounged in the cockpit I said, “Kid, we had our own boat here for a little while and they took it away from us. I've never known Allan to be so secretive, whatever he has in store affects us both so you're going along as my backup, as you never have any problem saying no.”
“GW, you always worry too much, let's wait and see what Allan has to offer before going off the deep end.”
I said, “I made you a promise to take you home, you said yourself I always keep my promises, I won't let anything get in the way.”
We walked in the next morning Allan was all smiles. He said, “You’ve taken everything I’ve thrown at you and you’re still on your feet.”
The way he said it elicited a fleeting mental image, and I began to feel like a caricature of the energizer bunny or a Timex watch.
He went on. “I'll be charitable in saying your methods are somewhat unorthodox, but I'll also be the first to admit these have not been normal times.
“Putting it bluntly you managed to change the course of history almost everywhere you went….I know I promised I'd let you return to your little paradise on the river when this thing was over and it's only fair that I give you a choice… but let me offer you an alternative.
“George, I want you to become a roving ambassador and follow up on the contacts you made in the last few months. You’ll essentially set your own itinerary and be given full authority to negotiate on behalf of the United States, in all matters pertaining to relations with the nations of the Caribbean. You’ll retain your rank and receive full support and resources, in other words, you will be given carte blanche.
If you choose, Homeward Bound will be your flagship. I know you’re wondering, but I didn't steal her from you, just made sure she is recognized as a bona fide Coast Guard vessel and not just some ordinary yacht. This way any interference with her will be viewed as an attack on the United States. 
“Just so you don't feel like I'm shoving you out to pasture, Pisces or a cutter will always be operating in your immediate area under your command. You’re free to pick your crew, I'd suggest taking Sam and Joyce along, She and Connie can ply their trade in conjunction with Pisces which should keep them from getting bored. Sam should be an asset; anyone, who can defeat a whole navy single-handed, is always good to have around.
“George, that's the best deal I can offer…you and Connie can take your time and think it over, there's no rush, just give me your answer tonight at dinner. I'm not trying to pressure you, but there's a certain Mendez fellow in Cuba who won't enter into negotiations unless you’re present. John Anders is off rescuing some of his guys in Kentucky when he gets back I’ll send him down to pick you up so you can spend time in your little frog pond.”
We walked back to the boat in silence digesting what Allan had said. Connie was first to speak. “GW, don't feel bad, I see why you find it so hard to refuse Allan and never turn him down. I want you to know you’ve kept your promise to me, we are homeward bound, the name on the transom says so, it just may take us a little longer to get there than we planned.
“Allan's right, you’ve changed history and I can't see you quitting without finishing the job. It's settled, we’ll go home and rest for a week or two then take Homeward Bound to Cuba and see Senor Mendez. I'll give you something else to think about, see the swing set behind those trees? We're going to pretend it’s a trapeze and give it a workout tonight while we still have some privacy, remember Pisces gets in tomorrow.”
****
The End
About the Author
After a career of working in many of the fields he writes about Tom lives on his sailboat in the quiet laid-back village of Astor on the St. Johns River and like most old folks, looks back, remembers friends, and reflects on a life well lived.
****

Appendix A
State of Affairs
By
George Walter Collins PhD.
Jobs the beginning of decline
For well over the past thirty years manufacturing the backbone of the United States economy has systematically and methodically been gutted as skilled and semi-skilled manufacturing jobs moved overseas, this exodus has revealed the darker side of Capitalism, a system based on supply and demand yet increasingly being driven only by profit.
We were handed the line that the American worker had become too arrogant, lazy, and unions a detriment to productivity. We could no longer compete and American manufacturing in the traditional form was a thing of the past.
We were told not to despair, for we were about to enter the new and exciting era of the Global based economy that would allow us to shed our dirty, sweaty coveralls and replace them with the crisp white shop coats of the coming hi-tech revolution.
Yes, it was going to require some adjustment on our part, as these cleaner better paying jobs would require a higher level of education and skill, but not to worry for as jobs disappeared, advanced training programs would create the new dynamic American “Super Worker”.
These hi-tech jobs never materialized in the numbers promised and like manufacturing before them they too quickly vanished overseas, first to Japan, who soon became overwhelmed, and in turn farmed them out creating the small Asian tigers. China, the sleeping giant, soon took notice, awakened, and quickly raced to the head of the pack.

State of Alarm and continued decline in America 
While corporations morphed into global giants, Americans became focused inward desperately trying to cling onto the standard of living their parents had fought so long and hard to gain for them. Unions who had once been the savior of the working class could do little but protest as they had indeed become corrupt and self-serving, increasingly held in low esteem by most Americans, and even generating apathy among their own rank and file. But in truth even unions have little recourse when a company just packs up and leaves.
As Americans scratched their heads and complained, trying to figure out what had happened, some genius hit upon the concept of the Service Society, America selling and servicing the endless stream of products which now flowed in from overseas.
Again we were on the verge of nirvana, and with the dwindling options available we rushed to embrace this service based economy hoping it would lead to our salvation. We swamped the new big box stores and gorged on the low priced imports. We were no longer the proud producers of the world’s goods but relegated to that most vulgar of terms in the capitalist vocabulary “consumers.” To add insult to injury average Americans, the ones who had lost their jobs to globalization were now expected to buy the very things they had once made.
Conversely those corporations and businesses that had gone global saw their profits soar and they along with investment groups used their new found wealth to fuel a feeding frenzy buying, merging, and taking over each other further contributing to the decline.
People who had for years nervously watched their resources dwindle and options shrink once again were lured into the financial markets. After all, this seemed to be the direction the country was headed in. Even the Government began encouraging IRAs, ROTHS, and 401Ks. Retirement and pension funds were heavily invested in various financial instruments and it was even bandied about that Social Security would be better off if it was too was privatized and invested in the markets.
Wall Street would step up and save America; to meet the growing demand the brightest young minds, those who once would have ventured into industry and invented a better widget were lured to Wall Street. They were quickly snatched up by financial firms and employed in the search for new and ever creative financial instruments with which to fulfill the ever growing demand. Financial markets became increasingly convoluted as a once great economy attempted to maintain its world position solely by manipulating paper. The Holy Grail of this new economy became higher return on investment spurred on by larger bonuses.
Gone were the days of holding long term the trusty old Blue Chips. The new breed of Investor wasn’t willing to wait for long-term gain and demanded instant gratification; the industry motto became quick return on investment whatever the human cost.
Old hands and young Turks forged ahead, banks that had by law been barred from feasting at the financial trough, for good reason, cried foul. Like their cousins, the Savings and Loans had done years before they wanted in on the action so mobilized their legions of lobbyists and beseeched the Fed and Congress until they got their way.
Not only could they now grant risky loans, but also speculate with their customers deposits free from the constraint of any moral hazard, knowing they were too big to fail and backed by the FDIC and Uncle Sam.
Everybody was eager to jump in bed together, even the exalted rating agencies such as Standard and Poor and Moody’s joined in the orgy, For added security and to hedge their bets investment banks turned to good old AIG who was more than willing to sell credit default swaps. Avarice and greed crept through the financial system until they became the norm. The only thing standing between our entire financial system and its total collapse was the moral compasses of those making the business decisions, watched over by a few weak regulative agencies rendered impotent by the Federal Government.
Morals are iffy, and especially iffy when vast sums of money are at stake. A guy, who would never dream of kicking a puppy, will for enough bonus incentive, stuff the poor creature into a sack along with a brick and casually toss it over the bridge into the river. As for the regulators, I don't pretend to know much about them except it is obvious they were outgunned and asleep at the switch. Just keep in mind, the government no longer serves its citizens but has been bought by big business. I don't have to defend this statement the government has a long track record to back it up.
As it became apparent the economy had weakened to the extent that it was about to falter the only cards left were the financial markets and the manipulation of those assets which couldn't be made overseas mainly construction and real estate. In an attempt to prop up and hide, the true state of the economy dubious schemes were hatched, some with the government's blessing.
Americans, who had watched their incomes shrink over the years, were quick to jump on the housing bandwagon. For a few years the topic of conversation in the groups to which I was privy centered on how much property values were increasing. No one wanted to pause and contemplate that maybe real estate prices were bordering on the insane. Instead, they continued to speculate. Then one day the bubble burst and the crest of the wave fell from under them. Like a house of cards, the markets collapsed bringing on a recession which threatened to eclipse even the Great Depression.
Our Government and the Fed rushed in and rescued the very financial institutions which had caused this crisis, essentially making them whole at the expense of the American public.
Markets have rebounded and life is once again good on Wall Street. They can continue using their renewed vigor and low-interest rates to formulate the next bubble. For the American middle class who had borne the brunt of the recession, there was to be no recovery or jubilation, just the new numbing reality that they had been sacrificed by those they had elected to protect them and have been condemned to continue on a downward slide until they create the new American peasant caste. The noblest experiment in democracy founded on ideals and principals that government should be by the people, and for the people had fallen victim to the mortal enemy of all civilizations and governments, that of greed, corruption, and ineptitude.

Banks
Financial institutions have been loathed throughout human history, the moneychangers in the Temple sort of thing, yet they provide necessary if somewhat repugnant services. When I was a young man, each community had its own local bank; you were on a first name basis with the manager and tellers. It's where you went when you wanted to buy a car, tractor, build a house, a new barn or just needed money to tide you over until the crop sold.
Somewhere in the early seventies things changed, farmers for the first time in decades had a couple of banner years. Bankers took notice and began to encourage them to borrow, to buy newer and larger machinery, expand and modernize their operations, and acquire more land. It was a bubble and within a few years many of those same farmers who had taken advantage of this easy money watched from the sidelines as their farms sold at auction. I remember milling around in the cold in my insulated coveralls and sock hat pulled tightly over my ears watching as a neighbor's way of life went under the gavel one piece at a time.
This marked the beginning of the end for both the small family farm and hometown banking as we had known it. Many small banks had also taken a hit and credit for farmers no was longer just a matter of signing your name and a handshake. Many of the banks in our area began to look toward commercial real estate investment instead of making personal or farm loans. They began to favor strip malls, apartment complexes, and subdivisions. They could manage fewer and larger loans for greater return. As the seventies progressed, interest rates climbed to the point where one could make more from interest on CDs than putting a crop in the ground.
Again the bubble burst leaving the small banks and the savings and loans hung out to dry. One by one the larger institutions began to gobble up local banks, now we were forced to deal with the branches of state and regional banks. Borrowing money was no longer a matter of trust, and those loans, which were granted, were increasingly sold to third parties. No longer could you talk finances with someone you knew and get a

Grand to hold you over for a couple of months, any loan now meant mortgaging the entire farm and your soul a well. Banks, as well as markets by their very natures, are inclined to concentrate power and wealth which can too often be bent to nefarious activities. Most major banks have become so entangled with the financial markets that even regulators are hard pressed to make distinctions. I believe government has encouraged the growth of banks as they need partners who will felicitate bond buying in order to finance their growing deficits, however, this too is unraveling as countries titter on the verge of default.

Markets
For most of my life, I have tried to understand the commodity and financial markets, I watched Louis Rukeyser for years and the Nightly Business Report trying to gain perspective on how the stock markets work to help to promote free economies. The most insight, I have been able to garner after all these years, is the uneasy feeling that underneath it all lies something inherently evil.
Stock markets along with commodities on a good day can be classified as parlors of speculation and at its worst out-and-out gambling in one of its most virulent forms, like all gaming the longer it continues the more wealth is transferred from the many into the hands of the few. As our economy faltered, we had once again reached that point of being placed in the position of sacrificing the greater good of the many for the benefit of a few. Markets, like banks, no longer performed their traditional function. Remember the days when you felt proud buying stock in a company such as P&G, I.B.M, A.T.T or G.M. you held it long term and hoped it went up in value. It was touted as helping companies raise capital and grow and to provide the holder with a tidy nest egg for the future.
I now view the selling of stock in a company as something akin to selling off little pieces of your soul. Sooner or later some evil entity comes along and by hook or crook acquires enough shares to gain control and dictate the direction of the company; they are more than likely interested only with how much wealth can be extracted than with the long-term welfare of the company and its workforce.
There have always been sharks in the financial waters; unlike the average investor, these guys are cold-blooded predators. They make their living watching, alert to any weakness, and ready to swoop down on some fat hapless company. They take it over stripping liquidity, laying off the workforce, selling assets and contracting its manufacturing overseas. Before you know it all that remains of this once proud company, is a rusting empty shell of a factory and its trade name stamped on a package along with the phrase made in China, Mexico, or some other emerging country. Stock markets no longer serve the average small investor who is suckered in and sent to the cleaners while the fat cats sit back and dream up the next illicit scheme knowing they are virtually immune to any prosecution. The markets have become in many respects the largest criminal enterprises in human history.
The fact is we have placed far too much reliance on the financial markets and their allies. Every time we turn to Wall Street, all, they do, is look for new and creative ways to screw us. Its time we get back to making things and improving our infrastructure, Put the financial institutions to work building America instead of raping her. Take off the suits and ties people, roll up your sleeves and get your hands dirty doing an honest day's toil.
Our society is based on the principal of Capitalism and we hold up our free economy as a shining example for the world to follow. As with all isms, it has its limitations and must be managed to some degree least it get out of hand. Capitalism is the best economic system humans have so far devised, yet its main weakness is in its tendency to concentrate wealth into fewer and fewer hands over time, very similar to a poker game. We have again reached this point where ninety percent of the players are setting broke on the sidelines watching the few of immense wealth left in the game. This does not make for the ideal model of an economic system; we must find ways to keep capitalism fair and equitable so that the game doesn't end as is so often the case with bloody riots in the streets.

The American Voter
We Americans share much of the guilt for the existing state of affairs, as individuals we are relatively intelligent, yet when taken in mass are generally no smarter than a flock of sheep, and just as easily herded.
Granted politics is boring and the media have done much to reinforce this. as have those running for office. They realize informed voters are a danger to them and have over the years systematically attempted to dumb down the electorate so they could go about enriching themselves and their masters. Unfortunately, for the last thirty years it has mostly worked in their favor.
The American people have taken their eyes off of the things that are truly important and have given the politicians ample time to hone their skills. Politicians have learned much about the foibles of human nature and how to play the fine points of hot-button issues such as race, gender, social security, health care, abortion, gay rights, and gun control. They encourage the creation of minorities so as to play them off against each other and fragment society. These tactics are used effectively by both political parties as smoke screens to distract voters from concentrating on the real and important issues, the ones which will truly affect their well-being, standard of living, and the future of their children.
Both political parties have been hijacked and are absolutely riddled by disingenuous, self-serving extremists. If we are to save what the majority of Americans once held dear, then it is time to rid ourselves of left and wing right wing politics as neither of these extreme fringe elements reflects the real America where the majority view falls firmly within the center of the bell curve.
Fringe elements by their very nature are blind to everything but their narrow agendas. They completely lack the wisdom, vision, moral fortitude, flexibility, and especially the common sense necessary to solve complex problems.
In the past, we could take comfort in knowing that in times of crisis the best and wisest among us would step forward from the private sector and save the day. Those times are long gone, descent individuals no longer wish to serve in government and be exposed to muckraking, gridlock, and phony political correctness. They now shun politics which is a shame for it leaves the field wide open to zealots and crooks that by their very nature lack the skills and scruples necessary to bring our country back to a state of prosperity.
These partisan reptiles continue to gain office thru apathy and deceit playing the voter's for suckers then falling over each other in the rush to sell themselves to the very special interests bent on destroying our way of life. It's disgusting, a blatant betrayal of the public trust, and in every sense of the word just dog gone wrong.
There is no easy way to discern good lobbying from bad lobbying, therefore, in all fairness we need to make any and every form of lobbying (pardon the pun) a Capital offense. The whole truth is that the people of the United States elect representatives to act on their behalf, no more no less, not to sell themselves out to some lobby group. It is about time we begin to see lobbyists for what they really are, just out-and-out varmints perverting the course of democracy. There are always going to be lobbies in one form or another, but they should be forced to present their case directly to the public not subvert its elected representatives.

American Journalism
News and journalism have with a few exceptions served the America public well. It has never completely been without bias for it was Americans reporting and writing about America, and reflected the view of the writer as well as the feeling of the majority at any particular period in time. It’s fair to say there have been numerous dissenting voices along the way, yet this pro and con kept the population relatively well informed and Americans were used to having newspapers spark lively debate among the citizens on the various issues.
Being a journalist was considered a noble occupation, attracting some of America’s best and brightest; they acted as the ears and eyes of the masses and kept their readers abreast of happenings.
Something went drastically wrong following the Viet Nam era. People today in this so-called information age know far less about the true workings and intrigue of their Government and world affairs than did those a century ago, long before the advent of radio and television. It's not that the information isn't available, but rather the news media no longer possesses the will, talent, or intellect to present the pertinent facts.
It should be the obligation of the media to take the time to dissect issues such as proposed legislation and disseminate what it means in detail to the public. The American people no longer receive the quality and quantity of information necessary for them to form intelligent decisions about the affairs that affect their lives.
Major network news organizations skip over the hard issues in their attempt to be impartial. They are no longer playing the role of antagonist, ferreting out and presenting facts. Instead, they avoid controversy by concentrating solely on the popularity and personality of politicians and their parties. Cable news is just as much of a sham as most have become bias spouting only the party line.
It has degenerated into a running commentary tracking ups, downs, and poll numbers, nothing more than a play by play, like narrating a sports event. We can no longer rely on network news organizations to keep us informed for they have taken it upon themselves to prevaricate and make all the decisions for us. News is riddled with the catch phrases such as we'll show you, we'll take you, or we’ll tell you. Stay tuned.
Without really being aware, major news organizations through their own volition have evolved into nothing more than propaganda machines.
People associate propaganda with the likes of Goebbels, Stalin, or Tokyo Rose as the telling of gross untruths, not so! Propaganda can be at its most insidious when it is watered down, slanted, and riddled with omissions until it becomes nothing but useless drivel. Every day from our own exalted media we are fed a stream of sugar coated pabulum spooned out to the masses designed not to foster informed human beings but just to titillate, entertain and promote the human interest story of the day. In essence, drivel.
Much of the blame I believe can be assigned to the schools of journalism as they stress to their students to always present a neutral persona. No one is completely neutral in their personal or professional opinions, fair-minded maybe but never neutral. Viewers are able to see behind this disingenuous façade and realize they are being manipulated. Journalists should act like human beings, if you want to be truly neutral then program a computer to do the news. If you want to know what news casting is about go back and listening to the clips of the Hindenburg disaster, reports of the London Blitz, or Walter Cronkite announce the assassination of President Kennedy.
Journalists need to remain independent and fair-minded, yet they have an overriding obligation be the watchdogs for their subscribers. Journalism is a highly complicated profession, one that requires exceptional abilities and hard work; history has shown that only a few in each generation will truly succeed, the rest are but hacks and also-rans. A true journalist should be armed with the facts, have core values and know right from wrong and not just follow the current politically accepted norms, they must have common sense in abundance and use it. A true journalist should be prepared to fall on their sword if necessary rather than to give a pass to an untruth or let a politician get away with telling the American people a bald faced lie. This idea of neutrality is BS, journalists are first and foremost purveyors of the truth if they are unable or unwilling to tell the truth then they should find another occupation.

Melting Pot
America used to affectionately be referred to as a melting pot. We were proud of that distinction as we welcomed the huddled masses of immigrants that enriched this country and uplifted it to a position of greatness. There was a willingness among these newcomers to leave behind the bad parts of their past and to concentrate on the future and be absorbed into their new country combining their strengths and skills with those already here, making themselves one with the nation. It wasn't always easy as each took their turn in the barrel, but it happened. We owe much to these immigrants, what they brought with them added richness and texture to this country and gave us that which no other civilization in history has been able to attain.
Sadly, this trend has been reversed in the last few decades as more and more groups have polarized, unwillingly to blend, and have pushed only for their particular agendas. It has encouraged a climate of fractiousness and in time, will certainly come to have a deleterious effect on the fabric of society. “Kentucky's state motto United We Stand Divided We Fall” pretty well sums up my feelings on the matter. I find absolutely nothing wrong with the phrase “America Love it or Leave It!”

N.A.F.T.A. and other Free Trade Agreements
Let's use N.A.F.T.A for an example as it reflects the general principle surrounding other free trade agreements. It is one of the most misrepresented, egregious and reprehensible treaties ever to be rammed down the throats of the American public. It defies virtually every principal the United States was founded upon. Crafted by lobbyists and corrupt politicians, and I do mean corrupt, because there is no way they could be that stupid or naive, from both sides of the border. It was touted to the public as a golden opportunity to open up new markets in Mexico and Canada. It appears to have created little difficulty between Canada and the US as we operate on a more or less level playing field.
The real purpose and intent were soon revealed as Mexico immediately became a large vacuum cleaner that could be heard and felt across the lower 48 as it sucked American, as well as Canadian jobs across the border. It become a boon for those American companies and corporations ever looking for ways to increase their bottom lines and please greedy investors as they rushed to lay off their workforces, crate their equipment and move operations south of the border.
It became a bane to ordinary workers on both sides causing rising unemployment north of the border and creating virtual slave labor camps in Mexico. NAFTA since its inception has done little to raise the standard of living in Mexico and has played a significant role in the explosion of the illicit drug trade as NAFTA has kept the average Mexican in poverty creating a climate where the drug trade can flourish.
The next step in NAFTA centers on transportation, when Mexican trucks are allowed free reign on American highways: within a few years Mexican trucks and drivers will dominate the North American roads. It will become another industry of jobs Americans don't want as they can no longer afford to work in the trucking industry. 
Just how much of the wealth generating assets can systematically be stripped from a country before it collapses? I wouldn't be surprised to find that we have already surpassed that point.

Immigration
At one time, North America was considered a vast empty continent that is, of course, if you excluded the presents of the indigenous population. Even then as we began to fill in the empty spaces we devised a rudimentary immigration system which continued to develop until it evolved into places such as Ellis Island where immigration agents and doctors made the arbitrary decisions on who was fit to be admitted into the United States and who would be rejected and deported. As the population grew immigration naturally became stricter. I know first hand from my work in British Honduras now Belize that infants were signed up for a chance to immigrate to the US before the ink dried on their birth certificates, there was then over a twenty year waiting list.
There is an old saying, “You can pick your friends but your stuck with your family.” Immigration should be no different, like picking your friends hopefully you select only the best and brightest, because nowhere is it written that you must befriend the rotten apples too. If you wouldn't be comfortable bringing these people into your home then why bring them into your country, is there a difference?
Our current approach to immigration is not unlike a real estate agent hosting an open house assuring the owners they will diligently look after their personal effects, then halfway through the day carelessly walking away and leaving it unattended in hopes those who tour will be honest. Illegal immigration is the same we have no idea who is coming into the country. We are encouraging this type of immigration for only one reason, greed. In most respects, illegal immigration amounts to nothing more than a modern form of slavery plain and simple.

Borders
Borders not only divide but also define. Throughout human history, there have always existed borders, they are no different from any other property line and come in all sizes from those marking the outline of a flowerbed to those encompassing entire countries.
Let's start by scaling borders down to a size we can more clearly understand, to that of the average American home. It's your property, you pay the mortgage, and taxes, you maintain, improve, and protect it. Now think of a case in which someone hunts, trespasses, cuts wood, dumps trash, or heaven forbid attempts to squat on your property without your permission. Needless to say, your highly incensed, feel violated for they have invaded territory over which you have domain, it is a direct affront to you as the property owner. Are you going to seek legal recourse, you bet!
Scale it back up to the size of our country and there is absolutely no difference with just this exception. That instead of you alone it is the various government agencies acting on the laws passed by your elected representatives who are acting in your stead and assume the responsibility of protection.
Thus, it is with the United States, Canada, and Mexico lines drawn on a map yet lines which separate distinct cultures two middle-class modern nations from a backward peasant country. Mexico has done little or nothing over its long history to uplift its general population and economy in order to reach parody with its neighbors to the North. Instead, they have gone out of their way to keep their population ignorant and impoverished in order to allow the aristocratic elite to reap the benefits of resources and peasant labor. Their corrupt government instead of solving problems openly encourages millions of Mexicans and Latin Americans to violate our border in order to mine the resources of their comparably rich neighbors. I liken it to the connection between two car batteries one charged one not, in time they will equalize yet both together will no longer have the capacity to jump-start a vehicle.
This is a migration different from any we have previously known, these people come not to be Americans and rejoice in making our country better but simply to earn money to remit back home. For the most part, they go out of their way to remain separate and don't even pretend to be friendly toward America or its people. As they grow in numbers, they push only their own agendas. We have to decide if we want to maintain a viable country or just exist on an undefined piece of dirt. We have gone so far in our efforts to discourage nationalism, we now teach our children to view the very ground they stand on with disdain. I am sixth generation American yet I can’t for all intents and purposes call myself a Native American.
Those American employers who were not in a position to ship their jobs overseas such as construction quickly hit on the next best thing, they began hiring illegal labor. What started as a trickle became a flood for here were people willing to work for peanuts, had no legal recourse to fall back on, and seemed to be in endless supply. Several contractors I know made millions from illegal labor. One said, “They (illegal immigrants) work like hell until after a while, they start getting wise and realize they’re getting the shaft, when that happens I fire them and find new ones.” We have allowed this to go on unchecked for so long that there is such a lobby of illegal immigrants in this country that they are now able to openly usurp authority and dictate immigration policy to both State and Federal Government. 
We have been invaded one definition of which states, “to occupy in large numbers or live on a host” The only clear path open to us is to halt this invasion, and to do what any self-respecting homeowner would do, take control of our property and protect our southern border. There should be no amnesty offered it is an affront to those patiently waiting around the world to legally immigrate to this country. Deport any individual who is discovered residing in this country illegally using whatever means it takes if that includes so-called profiling so be it. 
This ban on profiling makes me sick, it has become a fiasco. Human beings rely on profiling, it is a basic innate survival strategy employed even by infants and is enhanced by life long learning. We as humans are constantly profiling everything present in our environment from the crack in the sidewalk, the stray dog, or the shadowy figure lurking in the alley. We do this in order to determine danger or friend from a foe. Are we always 100 percent right? Absolutely not! Sometimes you can't judge a book by its cover. Conversely, the bad guys many times use profiling to select a victim. Yet, profiling is one the essential items in Natures tool box and I think that all of us will have to admit it has worked in our favor at one time or another. Just remember if it looks like a duck, walks like a duck, swims like a duck, and quacks like a duck it's probably a duck!
Shortly after 9/11, while sitting in an out-of-the-way lounge on the St. John's River in Florida I noticed two young Arab men sitting at the bar. They looked conspicuously out-of-place and you had better believe I was profiling them. I watched them like a hawk and attempted to engage them in conversation trying to discern anything I could about their demeanor, did I feel guilty about doing this, Hell No! I felt it my duty to try in some limited measure to ascertain if these individuals had the potential to pose a danger to me or my country, after all these years I'm still left with an uneasy feeling about them.
I get so aggravated when I hear stories like this. A Wildlife Officer friend told us. I stopped this car for weaving it was full of guy's that couldn't speak any English, had no drivers license or registration, and smelled like a rum factory, yet when I called dispatch and requested help from INS they called back and said don’t get involved, let them go.
I can only conclude that the apathy, we currently see on the part of our politicians regarding immigration, is due once again to the influence of a strong lobby and politicians desire to win elections at any cost. You could go as far as to say that there are members of the United States Congress and Senate who are acting under the control and influence of a foreign power, (sound a little treasonous), proposing legislation which would be contrary to the safety and welfare of the citizens of the United States.
For the last forty years, this Country has been ravaged by many of the unprincipled individuals we have elected. The American people need to pay more attention and vet those running for office. Support and elect candidates who are patriotic, (there is not a damn thing wrong with love of one's country), have been instilled with real core values, and by that I mean an unswerving sense of right from wrong along with good old common sense. Remember these guys should represent you first and their parties second.
The way, I look at it, is, a Statesman puts the interest and welfare of country and citizen first whereas a politician puts self and party before the welfare of citizen or country. Maybe this is oversimplified but it's a good litmus test when deciding on the worthiness of a candidate.
If we don't change the current direction, within another generation or two the United States of America will slide into the abyss to become just another footnote in history. We need to get this done quickly for if Mexico were to become a failed state there will be pandemonium along the border. It’s apparent from our forays around the world that the US cannot resist dabbling in Nation Building. We have squandered our blood and treasure for zero gain in our attempts at selling our brand of democracy around the world. We need to direct this energy toward Mexico in order to bring their standard of living in line with that of its northern neighbors, only then will NAFTA truly work as it was sold to us in the first place and it will be a prosperous Mexico's turn to worry about protecting their Southern border.

Business Ethics
I have worked for multinational corporations, small, and even very small businesses as well as being self-employed. I have watched two of my favorite corporations International Harvester and General Motors go from being giants to virtually disappearing. The companies will tell you that it was the intransigence of their workforce that led them to lose competitiveness in their respective markets. I strongly disagree, I owned and used International farm equipment for many years and was such a stalwart supporter that I even engaged in a fistfight with a John Deere owner. Their farm implements were simply superb. Poor management decisions alone are left to account for International Harvesters demise.
General Motors, I have never owned anything but GM automobiles and trucks throughout my life. Many of my close friends worked for G.M. They would tell me the stupid things the company did from time to time. In the early seventies, General Motors became arrogant and appeared to be intoxicated by its own success.
This along with government mandates set them on the road of decline. GM lost its sense of direction and became deaf, dumb, and blind ignoring if not outright shunning the people who were in the best position to give it input, its loyal customer base and they literally began to insult people. Buy a Pontiac you're going get a Chevrolet engine, don't like it, tough.
As the company faltered, it became ruled by the bean counters that stifled innovation and cut quality, their favorite answer was always, take it, or leave it. They produced cars like the Vega, Citation, Chevette, and a Nova where the engine had to be jacked up in order to change the spark plugs. Diesel, the engine of the future, yet with all the talent at their disposal Detroit Diesel, Isuzu etc, GM came out with the abortion of a modified Oldsmobile engine, available in cars and light duty half ton trucks only. I remember the NADA guide for a year old G.M. diesel car it read; deduct 50% for Diesel.
When they did manage to come up with an innovative idea, it was dropped instead of refining and working out the bugs. As the Japanese steadily advanced, we, who were still loyal, waited patently for G.M. to come to its senses. We used to ask each other what the hells wrong with those guys why don't they wake up, but it was all in vain.
I bet if you peeked into the garages of ex-GM big shots you'll find a BMW, Lexus or Mercedes tucked away in the corner you know these guys had no brand loyalty. They drove GM cars solely because they were forced to for the benefit of their job. You cannot be successful manufacturing a product you don't like or believe in. That's the major reason GM is where it is. The CEO, the design teams, engineering even those sitting on the board of directors should be hired primarily for their unadulterated love of G.M. vehicles and their compensation should be pegged to the quality, not the numbers of units sold. It should also be noted that companies such as GM, GE, and a host of others used their wealth to gain a foothold in the financial markets to the detriment of their core manufacturing.
In the end, all, I can say, is that business needs to always be true to its products and ethical toward their customers and employees. The only reason business exists at all is to support some component of civilization; Like banks and other financial institutions A corporation should never be allowed to grow to the point where it reaches a state of arrogance. Any entity, which is allowed to do so, will stifle all competition and innovation which is counter productive in a capitalist system.
No business should be above another it takes everyone to make the world go round. The guy pumping the septic tank is just as important as the people manufacturing or selling the toilet. We are all wrapped up in this together, making, selling and servicing just to have a better life. When a company seeks to maximize its profit by depriving its employees of their rightful share in the fruits of their labors it is inflicting harm not only on them but as we have recently found out on society as a whole.

Human Population 
This is by far the stickiest thorn of all, yet it is the overriding answer to virtually all the problems humans face. We can talk about global warming, endangered species, dwindling resources and all the other crap, yet what it really comes down to in the end is how many humans beings can planet Earth sustain and still provide a good quality or life, what is the minimum standard we are ultimately willing to accept. There is no doubt humans have already become too numerous, only the strides, we have made in science, has allowed man to keep multiplying.
Modern technology has enabled us to thwart many of nature’s safeguards and to continue with the growth of world population unabated. We are not alone in our ambitions; all other species will gladly take any advantage, and do the same if given the opportunity expanding their numbers until they run afoul of some limit set by nature.
Humans have reached a critical crossroads, our technology advances haven't yet evolved sufficiently to override the innate instinct to propagate; yet higher reason tells us we need to do so as we are facing extreme danger.
We have progressively come to rely on complex systems to feed, house and maintain our burgeoning populations, these systems have become increasingly susceptible to disruption and are prohibitively expensive to repair and replace. Rome had a great aqueduct system yet it was susceptible to failure by collapsing only one arch and after repeated invasions there remained neither the wealth nor the will to repair it.
Haiti is a prime example of what lay in store for more and more countries, where some event man-made or natural shatters the infrastructure which is already weakened and overtaxed. Replacement or repair is no longer viable due to the lack of wealth and resources this leads to a downward spiral where any additional stress exacerbates the situation until finally the economy then civilization collapses. We are presented with example after example as we look back on the collapsed civilizations littering human history.
The likelihood is as the world population grows this trend will continue eventually overtaking even first world countries. They too will begin to falter caught up in their own dilemmas no longer able to provide for their own citizenry much less render assistance to their weaker neighbors. This will lead to further escalation of world instability as scarce commodities no longer flow freely creating turmoil and critical shortages of food and energy. It is conceivable this will trigger a cascade leading to worldwide famine. The quality of life will swiftly decline worldwide leading to the total collapse of civilization, what remains of humanity will be plunged into abject squalor and in the end well over half of the world population will likely parish.
Unless we take immediate steps to address the population issue, we may well be faced with a bleak future. We have to find some solution to our innate proclivity to procreate and to limit world population to a level of sustainability. A small world population is the only logical choice, as it will allow us to utilize all of nature’s resources without overtaxing our planet. We could then concentrate on implementing technology and quality of life for all yet knowing that in a worst case scenario we have set aside enough of the natural world so that humans have the alternative to return to a simpler way of life.
We still hold to the theory that we need to create multitudes young to take care of the old yet these young are destined to become the old of the future, maybe instead we need to concentrate on finding ways to keep our elders productively engaged longer, thus creating a more natural balance.
The most likely scenario is that we will continue along our present path of denial persisting in the pursuit of an ever-expanding population to feed a world economy based solely on corporate profit. That we will continue vainly searching for some magic technological bullet until in the end we shall have wrought so much damage to the planet that Nature herself will have no other choice but to step in and by her own means bring the human population back into line with the rest of the natural world. Can she really do that? She can, as once deprived of our technological advantage we are one of the easiest creatures on earth to eradicate! Wouldn’t it be preferable for us to come to grips before Mother Nature acts for she rarely grants mercy when she does?

Economists
This is one group I cannot fathom; I have never been great at crunching numbers and in some respects envy those with the ability to work with them. I just assumed these learned men with their PhD.’s, statistics, tables and charts had their fingers on the pulse of the economy and with their wisdom would guide us around the pitfalls and into a prosperous future or at the very least sound the alarm when we tended to stray.
Looking back over the decade's economists have a dismal track record, one unbefitting their status and incomes, and have in large part failed society at almost every turn. Maybe it is due to the way they are educated, or maybe too much education, lack of common sense or just too much genius. Maybe economists are just too scared knowing what is in the cards and keep the bad news to themselves. Maybe they are two-faced, telling the public one thing and their private patron's another (sort of like insider trading) anyway I have grown to mistrust them and believe that any good farmer with a barnyard education can predict our future economy with far greater accuracy.
It brings to mind a tale I once heard; The Roman Senate spent weeks debating on how many teeth had a horse. Finally, one senator stood up and made the suggestion that they could resolve the matter by simply acquiring an animal and physically counting its teeth. This suggestion so infuriated the other senators that they dragged the poor unfortunate from the chamber and stoned him to death on the Senate steps.
What I am trying to say is put aside all the statistics and come down from your ivory towers, quit thinking only in monetary terms and mingle with the people who have lost their jobs to outsourcing and the rise in productivity, get a feel for the real economy, and it's true life implications. The economy is not just about numbers but flesh and blood, hopes, and dreams. As we evolve so should models of our economic systems. We have made great strides in our exploration of the universe and other areas of science yet our progress to find an equable and sustainable economic system is languishing in a malaise.

Education
We are constantly reminded that education is the key to the future, without it the United States will lose its edge and fall rapidly behind the rest of the world, yet in the same breath announce state and federal government cuts to educational funding.
I do believe that education is of the utmost importance for several reasons. It is the only thing separating man from animal although in some respects animals are better off for they live out their lives following the innate programming provided by nature. Humans have cast aside much of their innate behavior for cogitative thought therefore making education a basic requirement for life. The ability to read and write WELL is imperative as it is the basis for all other learning. There should be no compromise made in this area, it has to come before everything else. Next in importance is the instillation of culture and civilization. Education is of little value if it cannot be directly connected to, and benefit society.
Back in the day, family and community as well as school shaped a child’s demeanor. It was a given that you could be chastised for an infraction by any adult who witnessed you misbehave or do something stupid, it kept you on your toes. Punishment in school led to punishment at home. This model of adult supervision eroded over the years replaced by instructional law, children were taught to view all adults as predators. No longer could an adult or even a parent scold a child’s wrongdoing for fear of reprisal. I remember observing a little girl in a supermarket knock cereal boxes off into the floor. Her mother said, “Young lady pick those up and put them back.” The kid refused mom gave her a swat on the bottom and made her put the boxes back on the shelf. I would have done nothing different with one of my own. When I reached the checkout, there she was forced to defend her actions to the police. In a single generation, we have gone far in discarding all the wisdom that has been passed down throughout the ages regarding the art of child rearing. It is any wonder the prison population continues to be one of the fastest growing segments of society.
Extended families used to be the norm your grandparents or Aunt lived next door or around the corner, children rarely felt isolated, nor were they left alone to their own devices, and the term latchkey kid had yet to be invented. In this age of fractured families where for many children the only connection to the world is through electronic devices, home life can be anything from placid to chaotic and the generation gap continues to grow, grade and high schools have by default become family surrogates the principal anchor in many young people's lives.
Schools spent years lobbying for this responsibility yet at the same time they were evolving into self-centered, impersonal mega-institutions, learning factories the very size and complexity of which along with alienating parents made it impossible for schools to give each child the needed attention. School systems became bloated bureaucracies more concerned with their own welfare and the education of children soon became a distant second. They began to consolidate power closing small community schools and busing kids miles away from home to become just one among thousands. This isn't too bad at the high school level as kids horizons expand with age but is highly detrimental to elementary and middle school children who need to feel and be a part of their local communities. Elementary schools should be local and small enough that kids have the opportunity to become familiar with all their fellow students. This gives them the opportunity to learn about the people around them, to form friendships, and understand individual personalities without being overwhelmed.
Schools can again become an integral part of a child's life and a positive force, which helps to bind a community together. It allows the opportunity for many more after school and weekend activities and the participation of parents, I will agree with Hillary on this point the phrase it takes a village to raise a child. It's a shame that many schools view their students only as little inmates (consumers) instead of striving to shape their charges into happy, healthy and well-rounded kids guiding them down the path to becoming educated, adroit young adults.
The modern school should take lessons from the schools of the past and become the place where children learn to interact with their environment, to develop the norms and social skills that will carry them thru life, and allow them to become productive human beings. School along with parents and the community should together take the responsibility for molding and developing the super-ego to expose children to all the facets of life and create within them civility. If taught well by the end of the twelfth year, a young adult should emerge with all the necessary skills to take their place in society.
Schools are only as good as their teachers. The old adage “Those who can do, those who can't teach” unfortunately is in all too many cases true. One bad teacher can ruin a generation of young people. Conversely, one extremely good teacher may well advance the whole of civilization. Teaching should be recognized for what it is one of the most important and crucial occupations in the entire world. The future and direction of the country and humankind rest squarely on a teacher’s ability not only in the subject area taught but also in their approach and outlook on life.
There can be no more important task for parents or government than to educate their children. I can think of absolutely nothing else under the sun that tends to generate more return on investment than education. I repeat nothing. Making cuts in the quality of education is akin to slashing at society with a straight razor.
Unfortunately, not all kids will do well in school, the dropout rates reflect this. I hate to use the term rotten apple for only a tiny handful truly fall into this category. We need to separate and concentrate on these individuals in different and creative ways. Almost any kid can become productive if you can find the right buttons. Innovation in this area is the way to make sure that no child is left behind. 
It is imperative that the United States rebuild its manufacturing sector, even if all children receive a college degree there is never going to be more than a limited demand in the technology sector. We have this skewed view of what constitutes higher education, by doing so we condemn and stigmatize a large percentage of our young people who come to believe they are failures.
Human beings are born toolmakers, not Wall Street Bankers. We need to instruct and employ our young people in the art of making things for that is what the majority of humans excel in.
As I said we have reached a point in this country where we attach stigma to the everyday working men and woman, we have assaulted the middle classes of this country by outsourcing or using cheap labor from abroad as a weapon. There is a group at the top that sees nothing wrong with turning America once again into a peasant society. They believe that this is the natural order of things and for the most part they have forgotten the lessons of the past and are about condemn us to relive them. Those at the top always believe their power and wealth will protect and insulate them, yet history shows in the end they to will also suffer.
Idle hands are the devil’s workshop; civilizations of the past realized this and employed their people to create the wonders of the world. We need to educate and create craftsmen to build the reserve capacity to serve our needs in the event this world economy thing also winds up being a bubble or a new strong invigorated China one day stands up and says screw you. Therefore, we need to provide excellent vocational training, Germany excels in this area, and it would not hurt us to follow suit. Germany has always placed great emphasis on manufacturing, it allowed them to ride out the global recession with a growing economy and low unemployment, if you stop and think about it, countries, that were making things, fared better in the recession than those who primarily bought or financed things.
There needs to be an emphasis placed on humanities both grade, and high school education should be steeped in the liberal arts. Expose children and inculcate within them an appreciation for the finer things in life, broaden their horizons and inculcate manners and civility.
Don't skimp on history teach it as it was originally written then point out the alternate views afterward. Don't attempt to skew learning in order to make it conform to current political correctness. Every attempt at warping young people's minds backfires and comes home to roost in ways we never envision.
History like everyday life is full of mistakes, what’s done is done don't be a revisionist. Let children see history as it was understood at the time it was made so they have an understanding of how views have progressed. We need to teach children all we can about life and history so they can advance humankind and not be condemned to repeat the mistakes of the past. I would much rather know someone who understands and shows interest in the world around them than someone who excelled only in AP Calculus. I'm not saying we shouldn't develop a child's gifts, but we need to give a kid a well-rounded education to go along with those gifts. You have twelve whole years in which accomplish this failure is not an option. There is plenty of time in college for specializing in the advanced stuff.

Humanity Brilliance vs. Utter Stupidly
I would be remiss if I failed to comment about my feelings toward my fellow man for in a way I am very proud yet disappointed in them. There are those among us who are touched with genius. These forward thinkers who throughout the ages have made the discoveries that have incrementally lifted humanity out of the morass and planted his feet in the dust on another planet. They have gone far in unlocking Natures secrets and the very essence of life itself. Then there are the artisans who with their hands turn ideas into glorious works of art. They never cease to awe and dazzle me yet for every one of these wonderful rare individuals there appear to be a million thick bone-headed humans still willing to believe in some sort of divine intervention or prophet. Any attempt at logical reason deserts them and they become fixated on defending the indefensible.
It is hard to believe in this enlightened era that there are so many ignorant human beings roaming the planet eager to blindly slaughter innocent people for the sake of some archaic ideology. It shows that for all our gains there are clearly some aspects where humankind exhibits less intelligence than the animals around it. I thought after the fall of communism (yes I was one of those “duck and cover kids”) and all of the modern advances of humankind has made that for once we would out of the woods but we are clearly not.
How we can overcome the intransigence of individuals, institutions, and countries is beyond me for it appears to be ingrained into the human genome. Who would have even guessed that the next world war would again be fought over religion and yet it most likely will be?

Tolerance
Tolerance is one of the most misused and abused words in our language. Liberals and Conservatives alike are quick to wield it like a weapon accusing one group or another of being intolerant. Tolerance has many definitions and meanings. As a dimensional inspector I worked with tolerances daily to me its means something within acceptable limits thus I transfer this meaning to my everyday life. I will accept persons, places, things or events which fall within what I consider prescribed limits, anything beyond I consider deviated in some form or another. Its personal its part of me and it's just the way it is. Roughly, this is how it translates into practice. If you treat me fairly, bare me no ill will nor tend toward doing me mental or physical harm you are within tolerance. Break any of these parameters and I will become intolerant. In extreme cases, if necessary I will with diligence do my utmost to thwart your every endeavor.
I never thought that I would live to see the day when the United States of America became intolerant but over the last few decades Americans have increasingly been put under pressure by any number of minorities so no longer can there be open, honest dialog. It may seem trivial at the moment and be heralded as the proper thing to do, yet when a country begins suppressing freedom of speech and expression or stifles honest dialog it starts down a slippery slope. In the end, no good can come of it.

Energy
I love energy; it has allowed the human race to advance to the point we have reached today. It makes no difference whether its wood, coal, oil, thermal, wind, hydro, solar or what have you. Energy is the source that powers the engines that drive all of civilization and is the primary element that has allowed humans to become the dominant species on planet Earth, it has made the strong stronger and permitted the weak to survive.
Like everything in the human experience, we went first for the cheapest and most readily available sources to us at any given stage of our development. We have now reached one of those crisis points in our journey. The quest for shrinking fossil fuel reserves threatens the geopolitical stability of the planet and its prolonged use puts the balance of nature at risk. We are reminded every time we fill up at the pump that fossil fuels will continue to escalate in price until they finally cripple any chance of continued forward progress. We need to seek out and implement renewable sources of energy not tomorrow but like yesterday. The main thing holding us up I believe is the oil lobby. I get so irritated watching commercials where some supposed engineer with an insincere grin says we are working on alternatives as they show animated clips of algae farms, hydrogen fuel cells, etc. I have no doubt their spending more on the commercials and lobbying than on actual research, if indeed they have these wonderful things waiting in the wings they won't be rolled out before the last drop of oil is extracted from the last well.
Our economy is totally dependent on energy. We have for years enabled and placated the sworn enemies of our society just for the sake of obtaining adequate supplies, every day our enemies grow stronger while every day we become weaker. It is not only demeaning to us as a nation but may in the end prove to be our undoing.
Hang the cost, get er done; petroleum was expensive when it was first introduced into the marketplace. Concentrate on wind, solar, switch grass, algae, wave machines, cow manure, anything. Stop promoting ethanol made from food crops. I've raised enough corn in my life to know that taking food out our mouths to put in our tanks is a dead loser. Nuclear power, unfortunately, is so tempting yet it's still subject to the frailties of man and we really have found no foolproof way to dispose of the byproducts. Anything, we do with nuclear energy, poses a threat and passes along headaches to future generations; we don't need to saddle them with any more problems than we already have.
We need to quit bitching about how much energy the United States uses in comparison to the rest of the world instead develop new sources, I've lived with no refrigeration and where a candle or oil lamp was the only source of light, I didn't like anything about it. It irks me to no end when I watch someone tell me that I need to change my standard of living, that I am guilty of ruining the environment and trashing the planet. I scrutinize these individuals closely as they always appear well dressed and you can pretty much tell they’re enjoying all the amenities that an advanced society can afford them. I mumble, you hypocritical bastard you want to put my standard of living in jeopardy, not yours. Case in point I observed a group of environmentalists studying the deleterious effects man had inflicted on the St, Johns River. In order to make their study, they rented two luxury houseboats, along with jet skies, and an ultra light plane on floats.
Yes, I realize we need to be more conservative but the crux of the matter is we need to develop a multitude of new sources of energy that will enable us to keep our standard of living and quality of life on the advance and allow us to maintain an independent position among nations. We have already expended enough Blood and Treasure buying and protecting traditional energy sources that had we used them to develop our own alternative energy instead we would now be an energy independent nation.
Fossil fuels are a finite resource that we are depleting at a phenomenal rate, I cannot but think that future generations will look back and be appalled by our shortsightedness. Every day we tarry puts us further into the quagmire. It's going to have to be done anyway why wait until we are so far down the food chain that we become bottom feeders. The future of our species and welfare of all others depend on us doing the right thing NOW.

Health Care
The whole ball of wax revolves around one three-word phrase “affordable health care.” This is one of the only sectors I can think of in a capitalistic system where supply and demand isn't the chief factor driving the market. I suppose that is because the model hasn't significantly changed in decades we still treat medicine as we did in the 1800s when the family GP held an exalted place in the community and made house calls. I remember when most Americans could afford to pay for doctor visits, prescriptions and even most hospital stays out-of-pocket, granted there wasn't the array of diagnostic methods, treatments, drugs and specialists available to us then as there is today. Medical insurance was one of the benefits you received through the workplace although a blue cross blue shield policy was still affordable and within reach for most individuals. The government became involved in health care in the 1960s which quickly drove up the cost. When health care was offered by the government at little or no cost people began to overuse it. This was also one of the major complaints of insurance companies, that some policyholders had a tendency to abuse the system by overuse or to seek out the best specialists available which naturally added expense. Many doctors and hospitals were also guilty of over-prescribing and padding the bills of those who were insured.
Along with everything else in the seventies the cost of health begin to spiral upwards insurance companies hit upon the idea of the Health Maintenance Organization (HMO) this was supposedly designed to hold down the rising cost of health care. Members would have greater access to preventive medicine, they would be monitored, therefore, catching potential problems early, and substantially reducing cost, it seemed to be a winning situation all around.
What really happened with most HMOs were the immediate attempts at cost cutting and the limiting of choice. No longer did you have the option of using the doctor of your choice you were forced to choose from a list of company-approved physicians and hospitals. It quickly put the traditional system in disarray as patients were forced to drop their nearby family physician and pick some stranger from the list.
Physicians and Hospitals, who partnered with HMOs, had to follow guidelines on tests, treatments, and the use of specialists this resulted somewhat in the rationing of health care. Family G.P.s saw the dynamics of their practices change for the worst. The handwriting was on the wall they began to join HMOs to form partnerships and clinics or in many cases leave general practice altogether and concentrate on some branch of specialized medicine.
The industry lost its focus that of serving people and began to concentrate like everyone else on maximizing profit. Medicine became a quasi-competitive monopoly as the industry competed within itself the result drove up the price of goods and services.
Today we are faced with a health care system that can no longer service the majority of its customers. Cost has spiraled out of reach for most people unless they have some form of insurance or government subsidy. The time has come to examine and remodel the current system that has remained much unchanged since the dark ages.
Medical schools are still geared up to churn out General Practitioners where students spend years learning the skills of general medicine then move into some specialty. I think we should reserve med schools for General Practitioners only.
Start a new curriculum designed to create medical technicians trained in only in a small specialized portion of overall medicine and that require only one to four years of training depending on the complexity of the field. It wouldn't differ very much from that of ASE mechanic certification where technicians receive certification in specific areas like electrical systems, brakes, or air conditioning.
Those who graduate as General Practitioners would remain the top dogs so to speak. GPs would still be compensated for their years of schooling as they would now be the supervisors of the system and would return to General practice serving their communities diagnosing, treating and if need be, referring their patients to the proper specialist technician.
This would allow the creation a vast number of new mid level medical occupations and give the incentive to crank out the new specialists who like mechanics would work for a modest hourly wage; it would go a long way in driving down the cost of health care.
Clinics and hospitals would conform to this model housing several of these specialties under one roof it wouldn't differ significantly from the present system just become more cost effective. I don't see where this change would weaken the system overall as universities would still turn out a large number of researchers and physicians it would just be that the vast majority of medical staff attend a vocational school to learn a specific part of the medical trade.
Science is unlocking life's secrets it is revealing that life is nothing but a biological machine, in reality doctors are mechanics, mechanics working on the human machine.
Next find ways to mass-produce medical equipment and supplies like televisions, automobiles, or toasters there is no real world reason for medical equipment to be any pricier than other goods in common use. This will go hand in hand with the increase in new technicians both of which can be mass-produce without sacrificing quality. It will make health care affordable to everyone and as the model gains acceptance will expand to encompass more and more of the world's population creating an ever-larger consumer base.
What I purpose keeps health care within the private sector, and if managed properly will bring the cost down so that all Americans can once again pay out of pocket for medical care. 
Drug companies also need to change their approach to doing business. Yes, I concede research, development and testing is expensive. Pharmaceutical companies need to concentrate on getting things right instead of paying doctors to push pills just to maximize profit.
I have no idea what the FDA is doing, it appears that drug companies are putting products on the market with adverse side effects that are far worse than the disease there designed to relieve. I guess they figure that gross sales will generate enough cash flow that there will still be immense profits left after the lawsuits have been settled.
Expend more time producing safe drugs without debilitating side effects. It shouldn't be necessary to run the risk of destroying your internal organs or develop suicidal tendencies in order to rid oneself of a simple case of adolescent acne. Cut out the crap of “ask your doctor if X is right for you.” It reeks of the days of selling snake oil. The modern pharmaceutical industry cares not whether it does good or harm just so that its makes a huge profit. They have become as dangerous as any illicit drug cartel.
America must be at the forefront of health care; we need to take the lead instead of squandering our resources stubbornly maintaining the status quo. We keep touting that we have the best healthcare in the world when in fact everyone knows it's a bald faced lie. I guess the point, I am trying to get across, is that institutions become ingrained and seeped in tradition to the point where it becomes dogma and like religion resists any change. We need to look at the current system which has failed us so miserably with an open mind and not be afraid to tinker or replace it with something that makes sense and works,
Just as with our machines institutions have to evolve, we have been headed in the direction of turning out medical technicians and this would just be the scaling up and fine-tuning of what we are already doing. The system is totally broken costing each year over eight thousand dollars for every man women and child in the country, why are we trying to patch it up and keep it running like an old worn out car, it's time to trade it in or scrap it.

Liberal vs. Conservative
The Collins family always considered themselves conservatives and I followed their example and leaned toward the Republican Party, as I believed it to be the lesser of the evils even though I couldn't agree with every plank in their platforms. I liked to think of myself as middle of the road, but the GOP kept swinging to the right just as the other party journeyed to the left. I believe both parties have deserted the average American who falls within the center of the bell, not necessarily in there every specific belief, as take me, for example; I don’t equate morals with religious belief and support reproductive choice. In the current climate, I no longer qualify for membership in the Republican Party, I am branded a RINO. Yet I strongly support one's right to own firearms, I oppose the growth of large Government and it's continued attempts to constrict personal freedom, I believe that financial institutions and multinational capitalism needs to be tweaked and regulated in order not be injurious to the American people. I see nothing wrong in doing this as it is every nation’s duty to guard the well being of its citizens. If other countries do not subscribe to a level playing field, it shouldn’t be seen as an excuse to take advantage or to emulate them.
What I do want is my government to concentrate on those things which affect us all, such as defense of country, borders, and protection of our interests around the world. To watch over the health and safety of it's citizens, to provide oversight of our capitalist system in an attempt to keep us all playing fairly with each other. To promote infrastructure and projects that advance us as a people and nation, Space, exploration and alternative energy, come to mind and balance the budget while you’re at it. Governments should concentrate on the critical business of the country and leave those hot button issues that can't be resolved to anyone's satisfaction on the back burner where they belong.

Laws and Lawmakers
We are a nation of laws, Local, State, Federal we elect representatives to draft and enact them. Like every occupation, you must perform the function for which you were hired, lawmakers are no exception. At every legislative session, laws have to be brought forward, sooner or later all the good and necessary laws have been enacted, yet lawmakers have to keep making laws in order to justify their jobs. The laws become stupider and more restrictive, every law enacted means that a segment of the population becomes lawbreakers or criminals; we have done such a good job of creating laws that we have the highest per capita incarnation rate in the entire world.
We should remove the burden of having to make laws from our representatives maybe have a two year moratorium or only allow one law be enacted per session or require a two-thirds majority vote, maybe even rescind a law for each new one made.
 Laws are inherently bad they are an indicator that there exists a problem in society. Though laws are aimed initially at a small number of individuals, they usually in some unforeseen way come to restrict the innocent majority as well. Our focus should be on not creating more laws and building more prisons but rather to expend our efforts in the direction of producing better-behaved citizens.

Government
I have bashed governments, but it should be pointed out that humankind has never perfected any form of governance that continued to work well over the long haul. We have made great strides and tried countless variations yet the ideal system even today still manages to elude us. Governments are only as good as the people that comprise them. A wise and just king can rule better than a corrupt Democracy or Republic yet a bloodthirsty tyrant can just as easily replace this wise and benevolent king. To their credit, our founding fathers were cognizant of many of the pitfalls that plagued governments of the past and attempted to form a government that would not lead to the abuse of power. They exceeded beyond their wildest dreams making ours the best in all of history and though it contained flaws managed to survive and serve a growing nation.
No matter how well crafted and conceived the simple fact remains that all overnments are dependent on those who run them, good and just people make for good government, bad and mediocre people make for corrupt and inefficient government. Throughout American history, we have suffered between the good and bad yet at times of crisis have been fortunate to have leaders in place that arose to the occasion and brought our country through.
We cannot rest on our laurels; past performance is not an indicator of the future. Factors affecting government like all things change over time. There are always those who wish only to gain power, a static government allows these individuals to probe and exploit its flaws and to further only their own agendas which seem always to be at odds with the welfare of the populace in general. Good Government is always dependent on the vigilance of the ruled, responsibly rests squarely on the shoulders of the electorate, they choose and in doing so chart their own destiny.

Final thoughts
I find in reading through what I have written that there is an air of pervasive pessimism. I am sorry that I have come to feel this way after a lifetime of living, yet I suspect that the majority of Americans also share my much of my uneasiness.
One of the conclusions I have drawn from my own writing rightly or wrongly is that the American people are increasingly allowing themselves to be governed by groups of special interests exerting undue influence on our elected officials whose quality has suffered through our apathy as voters over the decades. This has led to the circumventing and perversion of the natural course of government and has rendered it ineffectual. I have always been led to believe our democracy is of the people, by the people, and for the people. I'm not so naive as to believe this is the case in all instances, but it should be considered the benchmark we strive toward. Ideals are just that ideals, as individuals or as a nation we most times fall short of achieving them yet that is no excuse to abandon them. We as humans are at our best when we set and work towards goals.
I hope that I am laboring under a misconception on my part for if true this untoward influence is disturbing and heralds the impending end to our traditional form of governance which will eventually become a sham ruled over by oligarchs, not unlike what is taking place in Russia today.
We need to concentrate on civility and ethics in society it appears to me that human beings have a natural tenancy to gravitate toward the lowest common denominator. The decay of civility is a battle that every generation of parents has had to struggle against in their attempt to inculcate manners and morals into their offspring. We used to rely on a close knit family structure, churches, community, and a national sense of pride to accomplish this. Mind you I am not religious to the contrary I have come to see religion in many respects as the bane of mankind, it has over the centuries impoverished far more than it has ever enriched. All humans possess within them spirituality this may well be the one sense which makes us unique among all species if so in many cases it has been ill-used and its original intent perverted. This area needs to be explored further from a scientific perspective as it appears to be an innate sense given to us by nature that we do not yet understand.
I think that in the moral area of the human experience there does exist to some extent a struggle between good and evil. I am one of those who subscribe to Freud's theory that there is constant conflict between the id, ego, and super-ego. Society continually needs to strive to shape and develop the super ego so that it may effectually govern the behavior in youngsters and adults as well.
I have never been considered a prude yet there is nothing wrong with a strong internal sense of right from wrong, it goes a long way to fostering one's conscience. A good conscience leads to making common sense decisions that consist of weighing all aspects of a problem and coming to a decision, which by and large is usually proved correct. It is this moral compass that allows us to navigate through the troublesome situations of life and to ultimately do the right and just thing.
Still I will end by saying that I continue to hold out hope that there is nothing wrong with our country or the world that cannot be put right through diligent effort and common sense. We need to work on our institutions to bring them along as we evolve not allow them remain static. We need to once again concentrate on what’s good for each other as a whole instead of just self. We should have ideals and strive to live up to them, even though we know that we will never fully succeed. We excel in science and technology we need to also excel in the art of advancing civility and governance.
****

Appendix B
Mankind Extension of Nature
Mankind an organism expressly created and evolved by Nature to overcome limitations and carry out tasks she herself cannot directly or readily accomplish.
A Theory Independently developed
By
George Walter Collins Ph.D.
 
A notice to the reader; this theory has not been written for the express purpose of direct publication. therefore, I have not attempted to place it in APA format. It is rather promulgated in an informal style to introduce an idea to any interested parties and to relate a rather unorthodox perspective on the human condition.
It directly addresses the important question of who we are as a species, and our presence and purpose on Earth. It ventures into several fields and disciplines of which I have only a rudimentary understanding of basic principals. I have therefore kept citations to a minimum for I feel confident that those, toward whom this theory is directed, will have a much better understanding of how it may relate to their own line of research and that of others in associated fields.
I have made every attempt to stay within the guidelines of current accepted scientific doctrine and have allowed only for the variant that I described as Nature. It is intentionally written in the broadest and simplest terms in order to encompass the subject. This theory is directed solely at answering an all-important question yet it may also give a measure of hope to the human race. 
Theory: “A tentative insight into the natural world; a concept that is not yet verified but that if true would explain certain facts or phenomena”.
I was rather hesitant to brand it as a theory for I felt that I lacked the credentials necessary to make the following assumptions and that it is based on what I know, what I think I know, and conjecture about what I don't know, yet on examination it appears to fall squarely within the definition. This theory makes no attempt to shed light on the Creator or creation. Humankind though fervently seeking, has a good ways to go before we evolve or become sufficiently enlightened to fathom the answers to these greatest of all questions. I confine myself to something I find much simpler, the logic behind the appearance of humans and the reason for their presence on the planet.
Everyday day we are bombarded by news of the horrors humans have inflicted on some species, the planet, or ourselves. Yet I have always been an optimist and felt that man wasn't merely dumped here to do his own thing so to speak. Science has advanced man's understanding of himself and the natural world. A lot of the questions I had about nature and our species have been answered to my satisfaction and every day it seems another piece of the puzzle falls into place,
I have counted myself lucky to have lived in such an enlightened era. There remains one nagging question that neither science nor religion has confronted or answered to my satisfaction, yet it is to me of paramount importance. Where exactly do I, we, all humans fit into the grand scheme of things?
One thing is certain; man is an animal yet we seem to be incongruous with the rest of life on the planet, why? The more we learn about Nature, the more we have come to find that everything fits neatly together that is except for us, we alone stand apart not just apart but we have come to be for the moment the undisputed rulers of this planet.
It has galled me to no end to think of my species as some perverted freak and aberration unleashed among the hapless inhabitants of the planet. That we blindly bumped along the path of evolution fighting off Nature at every turn until finally stumbling into the light of day to become man the heinous destroyer of planets, the bane of this little blue-green cloud enveloped world.
I instead worked from the premise that logic dictates, that we like all other creatures have evolved to fill a particular niche. OK, great but what niche? I was intrigued years ago by the Gaia Hypothesis (James Lovelock 1979) it seemed extremely logical to me. I hadn't heard any more about it until I began writing this paper. As I revisited it I began to reason that if life (Nature) could transform the planet into a livable habitat and maintain it within a certain set of parameters then surely it would also make some attempt to develop the means to defend that habitat. 
I began by discarding and dismissing all the daily activities and jumbled affairs of man liking it to the activity within a beehive or ant colony. I remembered a verse from a Shakespeare sonnet “The summer flower is to the summer sweet though to its self it only live and die.” On the other hand, like the honeybee engaged in food gathering is oblivious that its endeavors are also providing a vital service pollinating the plants it visits.
Throughout Nature, there are countless examples of such symbiotic relationships. I reasoned if species could unknowingly evolve into partnerships then why not humans. I approached the Human race in a likewise manner with humanity busily living out their lives without the slightest inkling that they have been programmed with subtle instincts unknown to us and are likewise locked into a symbiotic relationship.
I reasoned that since we are unique and complex our symbiosis must also be complex and unique. That something in the sum total of our efforts is, in fact, being used not only to benefit us but also to serve and further the goals of a partner.
I looked at where mankind is today and the role he will likely play in the near future. It was obvious that we have reached the point of having domain over all life and resources on Earth; since we are so intertwined with all aspects of the planet it didn't require much of a stretch to come to the conclusion our symbiotic partner was life itself, i.e., Nature.
If this were true, then there must be some item, task or service that could only be performed by humans yet would specifically be of benefit to Nature and life on the planet as a whole. This at first seemed unlikely as mankind has increasingly put pressure on nature and her resources and I could hardly believe that anything, man is currently doing, would constitute the basis for any healthy symbiosis.
I kept looking and was lucky for had I or anyone looked for it fifty or maybe even twenty years ago it wouldn't have been evident, yet there it was in plain view among the current knowledge of today. What in this knowledge could further Nature?
The thing that immediately jumped out was the growing danger and possible impact from a celestial object. It had happened before and had wiped out great numbers of species more than likely even the dinosaurs the most powerful creatures to ever walk the planet. Annihilation from some space object remains for the present the worst threat that life on earth faces.
Humans alone have evolved the ability to recognize this threat. We are the only species with the skills necessary to detect, track and possibly develop the capability to divert these objects. There were two ways to approach this. First that it is purely serendipitous for the planet that we have evolved independently to confront this threat. Second that catastrophic events of this type in past history triggered in some way such a trauma in Nature that she began preparing for the next event millions of years ago?
Nature has instilled the will to survive in all her creations. Every organism has developed some means of protection yet none of these proved effective against an incoming meteorite or comet. Species have the ability to adapt over time to counter new threats. I decided to go with the premise that if organisms can develop defenses individually than why not life developing a defense collectedly, it would be a natural extension of Gaia and that through the processes of evolution and natural selection our species had been purposely crafted and refined for just such a task.
It seemed a little bizarre and far-fetched yet I began to develop this into a theory In doing so stumbled on something even more intriguing it wasn't as obvious yet had to do with another of Natures prime directives that of expansion and colonization, life's seemingly unending desire to spread wherever it can.
Nature has done an admirable job of filling the planet with life. Yet from the time creatures developed sensory organs and perceived other heavenly bodies it's almost a certainty that within them there was aroused an urge to establish life elsewhere. It is a prime directive of nature, but one she has been unable to fulfill until the evolution of man.
It was then that I began to wonder if nature hadn't evolved humans as an accessory in this quest to overcome her own limitations. I began by speculating that she may have tried different avenues somewhere in the past and found there was little hope of evolving a terrestrial creature that could accomplish extraterrestrial tasks in its naked form. Therefore, In order for nature to achieve and further these goals, she needed to develop an organism that could far exceed the abilities of any that came before it. Nature's answer to this quest was the development of humankind.
To spread life elsewhere there were too many unknowns that had to be overcome and these could only be ascertained by direct exploration and observation the kind of things earthbound Nature herself is unable to accomplish, yet something man is superbly equipped for. These issues would have to be addressed and some means of transportation devised before organisms could be successfully tailored to exploit what resources were available to support life on an off-world body.
We have reached the cusp of the exploration of or solar system and about to reach out to other planets. Man is aware of his limitations we realize that even though we have the means to develop the machinery to explore far out into the depths of space Humans in their current form are ill-suited for the long voyages required, or for the habitation of other planets long term.
Nature has brought man to his current stage of evolution and equipped us for the task of initial exploration. We have begun to ascertain for ourselves as well as for her what lies in our solar system and beyond. If life is to survive and thrive in such hostile enviroments, it will be necessary for it to adapt. Our premise up to now has been to develop technology that is geared to working within our species limitations, As our technologies advance it will become more practical and advantageous for us to adapt to a new environment rather than the other way around, Nature is rapidly equipping man for just such a task. She is giving mankind the ability to act on her behalf.
It is just a matter of time and we are not terribly far off from having the ability to modify humans or engineer other life forms that will make long space voyages and permanent colonization of distant planets a reality. I would bet there are people whiling away their days working toward just such a premise. The implications of this are staggering when you think that we will in essence take over evolution from Nature and create a species which in certain respects will come to supersede our own. Yet we are doing exactly as we have been programmed, to carry out those tasks that nature cannot accomplish herself or more aptly put could not up to now accomplish.
Again one can believe that it's a convenient accident that man just happened to evolve independently on his own to this point or you can reach the conclusion that there was deliberate intent. That nature with her infinite patients has and is behind the scenes pulling the strings.
This led to the most startling conclusion of all. That nature developed our species to overcome not one, but several of her limitations and we may not be anywhere close to realizing the full extent. If taken on to its logical conclusion can only lead one to the assumption, that the Human species taken as a single entity is Nature herself personified. It brings to mind the passage “God made man in his own image.”
Nature made us into the best possible image she could for our intended purpose. For whatever faults we may possess, we are at the moment the undisputed guardians of her planet and about to further her ambitions and spread life throughout our solar system and beyond. We think of evolution in terms of slow physical changes over extremely long periods of time. Yet evolution is also mental, humans have mentally evolved more in the last couple of centuries than in all the millions of years previous.
This rapid mental evolution has not only allowed us to view ourselves differently, it will come to allow Nature through man the ability to make rapid changes to creatures which up to now have taken her eons to accomplish on her own. This is perfectly logical; the marriage of Nature represented by man and technology fused together, both accelerating along the same path of evolution. 
We come to the principal unknown in the theory, that of the causal agent. Yet like black holes, dark matter, and string theory it likely exists. I speculate where it most likely is to be found yet leave it for others much wiser than I to explore and ruminate over, that is what force or mechanism initiated, manipulated, and shepherded us down the road of evolution?
I have used a little faith, logic, and common sense, this has led me to the assumption that barring some supernatural force, or divine intervention the answer must, in fact, be found in Nature. I strongly suspect that it can only lie among the instincts encoded and carried along in the genome sequence. The installation of these instincts or innate behaviors established and enabled in the right combinations paired with the correct physiology creates the drive which over time allows without conscious thought an organism to achieve a particular set of behaviors.
Instincts are a directly observable phenomenon they have been extensively studied yet their origins, implementation, and development along with that of symbiosis for the most part remains a mystery. Free will may have replaced the apparent lack of these observable instincts in modern humans. Once the intelligence reaches the point that an organism can make free choice the innate behavior cycle is broken and becomes recessive and is then superseded by learned behavior. I believe this is the key and for the want of a proper definition, I will simply include this combination of instincts within the broader term Mother Nature. In order to give greater meaning and clarity to the reader I portray Nature as a conscious being which in fact she is not. Rather she is more likely subtlety embedded within the genome of all creatures and working in ways that are not yet identifiable or understood.

Synopses
Just as life began from a fortuitous amalgamate of chemical elements and agents it is a certainty that the first replicating organism could be defined as having zero intelligence. Primitive senses evolved organisms still had no concept of intelligence yet within them there developed the seed of the thing we call Nature. Deaf, dumb, and blind creatures grappling with existence ever trying to better cope with their surroundings. Life living, evolving, and dying yet becoming ever more diverse developing senses, which eventually led to instincts which drove creatures to acquire rudimentary intelligence to help with day to day life yet at each advance nature, was there continually pushing the envelope. Most creatures settled into their lineage and whatever intelligence they developed was used for day-to-day activities. For hundreds of millions of year’s life, continued to evolve creatures honing their skills yet full consciousness eluded them. Why, simply because it hadn't been invented.

Biotic Crisis
Animals became adept at using their surroundings and each other for food yet there were things beyond their control, the turmoil of the planet, catastrophic occurrences such as earthquakes and climate swings along with the occasional comet or meteorite causing mass extinctions. Every time things really got to rock and rolling there came a chunk of something gliding in from the vast reaches of space spoiling the party. Each brought with it horrendous devastation and disrupted most if not all life on Earth. There was one overriding fact to these incidents. No matter how plentiful, how far up the food chain or how big, bad, and dominant you had become, there was absolutely nothing to keep an incoming object from ruining your day. 
There had been mass extinctions before they were reoccurring and to say the least very inconvenient, this presented a big problem for Nature. The foremost attribute or instinct shared by all living things seems to be the will to survive and propagate. If a solution couldn't be found for these pesky rocks there was a good chance that sooner or later the really one big one would come along and turn what nature had worked so long and hard to create into a lifeless cinder.

Biotic Response
This along with similar events of extinction provided the impetus and nature began to tackle the problem, what to do? Big and ferocious creatures weren't going to be the answer, history had shown that they instantly turned into crispy critters or starved to death. Tiny one-celled things might survive, but it had taken eons to develop the atmosphere and life to this point and, as they say, “Been there and done that” not even Mother Nature felt inclined to keep starting over from scratch. No! If there was to be a long term future for life there had to be a solution but Mother's Nature's tool box was rather limited, actually it was empty except for one item, that of evolution itself. She set to work using what she had on hand. If only she could take one of her life forms and gradually force and coax it into becoming capable of thwarting the next threat.

The Evolutionary Process
Evolution works yet has a couple of great impediments for one its extremely slow (by our standards) and another in that it doesn't always produce the desired results. Even at full throttle, there might not be time to avert the next big event but it was worth a try. Nature you might say held a competition among her current creations that is, the thirty or so percent that had survived the last collision. She found there wasn't anybody around remotely capable to answer the challenge, those, who were on hand, were geared to eating one another other and not much else. They had evolved to exploit their own particular niches in the ecosystem and were bent on becoming more and more specialized at a particular task. Nature was going to have to make a radical departure and create a totally new line of creatures one of which could eventually acquire the ability not only to modify it's environment, but to manipulate the very elements and atoms from which it was made.
Thus began the slow journey down the long road of evolution the participants never aware as they evolved of what their ultimate destiny was to be, they just lived, reproduced, died, and evolved. We have little in the way of knowing how intellectually advanced were the brightest of theses extinct species I just assume that Nature mirrors us and gains insight as she forges ahead through the process of trial and error or in her case natural selection. She slowly manipulated and molded our ancestor’s course of development until she had produced the first primitive hominidae.
Even then, it was a competitive and complicated road with many forks and dead ends and a lot of competition until Homo sapiens began to walk the Earth. In the end he had evolved an upright stance and the opposed thumb along with a large brain. He now possessed the right physiology and nature set about refining her creation. She showed little mercy as she forced him to work hard and to exploit every aspect of his environment for his very survival.
The key factors in the development of this creature was not to award him a natural edge, one that would give him a sense of contentment and send him down a dead end path. Nature through design or accident kept man from being very good at all the things his fellow creatures could excel in.
Not very big or strong, no sharp fangs or claws to catch prey or rip an opponent apart, He couldn't fly nor run fast, when it did come to running he usually lost the race and wound up lunch in someone's belly. Life must have been very traumatic for these poor creatures, even today, we are left with the vestiges of the primal fear of things that rustle the bushes or go bump in the night. His eyesight was just adequate as was his hearing and sense of smell.
All of these weaknesses forced him to develop ever-increasing brainpower and later tools to help overcome these deficiencies. Nature even went so far as to deprive this miserable creature of a luxurious fur coat to provide him protection from the elements. What hair he did possess presented more of a nuisance as it harbored unpleasant critters and needed to be cut and groomed?
He thus was forced to search for better things with which to provide him with cover. Man didn't possess a thick skin nor was he particularly happy sleeping in a tree, on a rock or lying in the swamp with the rain pelting down. Everywhere he went he was at the mercy of the elements and stalked by predators. He was forced through necessity to improve his environment first finding then later building shelter.
As he evolved, he was slowly deprived of all but the simplest of innate behaviors other animals passed down in abundance to give their offspring a head start. Human offspring are born defenseless requiring long periods of care; the species was forced to teach all the necessary skills to each succeeding generation. For this, he evolved the ability to develop language.
Finally, he began to venture out of Africa and encountered new and numerous hardships requiring him to become ever more creative and resourceful. Ultimately it led him to develop reason to work in groups and create societies and civilizations.
This species still had no idea of why it was here, only realizing that in many ways it was becoming unique. Over time as he advanced he came to make up his own convenient answers to these questions yet continued to live, reproduce, die and evolve.
Has it all been happenstance or is Nature using every trick and means at her disposal to brutally force and drive this pathetic animal on a trek that one-day would take him to the moon and beyond.

Argument
History has proven that Nature doesn't have much control over celestial objects, but she has retained the right of absolute domain over us. Even though we like to think differently, she has made life miserable for humankind from its inception forcing us to think and work harder than almost any other creature.
She's a taskmaster who drives us so relentlessly we have come to consider her as diabolical and developed the view that she is not our partner but rather our adversary. She hasn't missed a trick even going so far as to push us into creating our own myriad of problems that we are forced to confront.
For millennia mankind has striven to set himself apart from the rest of nature even reaching the absurd conclusion that he is an entirely separate creation (actually to an extent he is) even as he works endlessly to unlock Natures secrets he holds her in contempt.
It has only been in this century that events have forced him to revisit this argument and begin to concede that he may indeed be a part of nature like it or not and has come to grasp the reality that he has the ability to bring about his own extinction and therefore the planets.
In truth, Nature isn't a religious force at least not in the role we would wish her to be. She possesses none of the supernatural forces we attribute to our deities and this is perhaps why she hasn't gained respect or rather has come to lose it among modern societies.
The truth is she doesn't nor can she interest herself with the miniscule trials and tribulations of humans as we play out our daily lives. We are just her tools to achieve some result. She is neither malevolent nor benevolent. Dictatorship or democracy she cares not. When we fight among ourselves and subtract millions from the population, fill half the Gulf of Mexico with crude, battle the geophysical aspects of the planet or have to come to grips with some new virus. Only the knowledge and technology, we gain from such conflicts, are of interest to her, Human hardship and suffering is all part of her plan.

Future evolution for Humans
Nature and humanity have been locked into an evolutionary symbiosis since the first life began, and will continue until an unconscious nature transforms into a conscious being through an ongoing and yet incomplete process. This transition, as it takes place, may well be responsible for the turmoil we find ourselves experiencing today.
Nature unleashed and no longer bound by the constraints imposed by ordinary evolution is free to explore multitudes of new avenues. There are however new limitations which require Nature to ever push at the edges of the envelope of her new found freedom through Mankind, By necessity the transition from nature to man needs to be swift for there are many pitfalls. We are suffering through them at the present and will continue to do so until we gain the maturity and insight necessary to bring equilibrium back to the planet. This fact in itself accounts for our accelerated mental evolution.
Nature has needed and encouraged a diverse human population to drive technology forward. The billions of minions laboring in obscurity make it possible to generate the wealth both human and technical necessary to pursue scientific research in the crusade to further mankind's knowledge and evolution. Even these brilliant individuals diligently laboring to expand the edges of their chosen disciplines probably haven't paused for a moment to ponder if just maybe there was something of a higher order nudging them along, If they do it is attributed to some far off deity not nature.
We are the first generation to become fully cognizant of the possible threats posed from beyond; it is what prompted me to devise this theory, now I envision many others as well. As I write, dedicated men and women study the heavens for the errant object that could one day become a threat to our planet. They like the other billions on earth probably haven't the faintest idea that they are the culmination of all Natures efforts, the tip of the spear in all of Evolution. That she is in the process of giving over the reins so humankind can speed up evolution creating for Nature new species and maybe even android machines which can withstand the rigors of interstellar space travel and be tailored to survive and flourish in environments where present day life cannot.
Man is a reflection of his creator and has been instilled with Natures lust for the expansion of life. When we are finally successful think of what a coup it will be not just for humans, but for Nature as a whole. Yet, as it was in the beginning most of us will just live, reproduce, and die never really fully cognizant of who we are, where we came from, or why we are here.
Our species is still filled with hubris and continues to blindly take all the credit, boasting we have overcome, tamed, and beaten Nature. She hasn’t been beaten and behind the scenes, remains in charge. Nature would have preferred to invest in man the knowledge of her intended purpose, long ago, but it isn't within the realm of her abilities.
Nature can only act within biological constraints and although she has worked as fast and with all the tools available it has taken her millions of years to evolve a creature with the ability to communicate with her. She did it the only way she can, by providing us with the capacity to explore, reason, and question so in due course we will figure it out for ourselves. 
As our reward, she is poised to give man her most precious resource, the creation of life both biological and mechanical. This step is both logical and necessary as we go forward into interstellar space.
In coming generations, as we become proficient in our abilities to manipulate life and create new species, just maybe then we will view ourselves as dignified members of Nature.
****


