Sidney

by

Ellie Smith

~~****~~

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied or distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own free copy at Smashwords.com. Support and respect for the copyrighted works of this author are greatly appreciated. Thank you.

The characters in this book are fictional products of the author’s imagination. Resemblance to any person or persons, either living or dead, to any names used, or to any specific locations, events or locales is purely coincidental.

~~****~~


Chapter 1

"Steve?"
A lanky, sandy haired man stepped out onto a long wooden porch and looked at the man who was standing near a trio of thirty-gallon steel barrels. “Yeah?”
"Them damned bears have been in the garbage again." Scott Lyndon, the younger brother of the man coming toward him, picked up an empty cereal box and tossed it in one of the barrels.
"How in the hell are they getting those lids off?"
"I don't know. We've tried everything short of padlocking them at night."
"Maybe we'll have to resort to that." Steve Lyndon raised deep blue eyes to the dense forest that covered the north hillside. "We’re going to have to think of something. We don't need any damned bears wandering into camp."
"That's for sure." Scott  picked up the rest of the trash and threw it in the middle barrel then dropped the lid back onto it before snapping the clamps closed. "I'm going go up and clear away that brush on the west slope so we can get in there with the trucks tomorrow."
"Take the rifle Scott," Steve Lyndon told the brother that was almost four years younger than his thirty years. "One of the boys said they’ve seen bear tracks up that way."
Scott nodded then went toward the long, single story log structure that housed the office, kitchen and living quarters of the Lyndons. A wide porch fronted the entire structure. Back within minutes, Scott Lyndon was carrying a high caliber rifle in his hand. "I should be back in a couple of hours," he called over his shoulder as he headed for a blue four by four pickup that was sitting beside one of the out buildings. Fifteen minutes later Scott Lyndon pulled the truck to a stop near a large yellow bulldozer. He grabbed the rifle and headed for the machine the pair had purchased five years earlier. After slipping the rifle into a clip on the fender he fired up the dozer then swung it around and started up the hillside toward the dense underbrush. The sloping hills that acted as the foothills for this section of the Sierra Mountains was the home of the Lyndon Logging Company; a privately owned firm, solely owned by Steven and Scott Lyndon. They were ecologically-minded, removing only select logs from the forests which gave way for the smaller trees to grow. This month, their task was to weed out the older trees from the west slopes of the Sierras along the forty thousand acres they leased from the government. It was interesting work and something both brothers loved.
Scott steered the dozer into the edges of the underbrush. Today, he would make a path just wide enough to get their logging trucks through so they could reach the upper section of this side of the slope. The path, made by two swipes of the dozer’s blade, allowed them less than two feet of clearance on either side of their trucks. That was just enough to get the logs down off the steep hillsides and do as little harm as possible to the environment. Scott edged the dozer along the hillside carefully, pushing brush and rocks back to the point the two brothers had mapped out. He was just finishing the first of section when, out of the corner of his eye, he saw something black rise up in front of the dozer. Scott looked up to see a massive black bear on his hind legs less than twenty feet ahead. Its front legs were outstretched and its teeth barred. Scott slammed on the brakes hard. Scott snapped the rifle out of the clamp and aimed it toward the animal. If a situation like this arose, it was their usual procedure to fire a warning shot over the animal’s head.  That usually got their attention and the animal would wander off, allowing the work to continue. Scott brought the bear into focus on the scope then lifted the rifle ever so slightly, targeting a spot a foot or so above the bear’s head. He eased his finger down onto the trigger slowly. Just then, out of his peripheral vision, Scott caught a glimpse of something white a split second before something hit the barrel of the rifle, breaking his aim. He blinked and when he looked at the bear again it was lumbering away into the heavy underbrush.
Scott Lyndon sat dumbfounded for a moment before he backed the dozer out of the brush. He looked at where the bear had been standing to see something red in the bushes. Scott turned off the machine and, after listening for any sounds nearby, eased down off the bulldozer and, with rifle in hand, moved along the dirt to the red object. It looked like a piece of nylon. As he reached down to pick it up Scott heard a low throaty growl and looked up to see the same black bear watching him from a small clearing less than fifty feet away. Scott straightened slowly and the bear stopped growling. He started to reach for the material again but stopped when the bear began growling again. "Hmm," Scott pondered and straightened. To his surprise, the bear stopped again. "Ok," he told the bear and took a step back. "I'll leave it alone." Slowly, Scott backpedaled toward the dozer. As he neared the dozer the bear took a few steps forward then stopped. Scott decided that maybe he had done enough bulldozing for today and climbed onto the dozer. With the rifle back on the clip he started the machine and backed it down the hill, keeping one eye on the bear. When he was about halfway down the hill Scott saw the bear come forward and pick the nylon up in its teeth then disappear into the underbrush.
"You're back early," Steve Lyndon commented as his brother stepped into the large room that acted as a joint office and kitchen. "Get into a fight with a bear?"
"Actually, yes."
"What?"
Scott put the rifle back in the closet as he told the story of what had happened.
"That's damned strange actions for a bear. I wonder what that nylon was from."
"I don't know. It looked old and weathered."
"Maybe an old flag marker?"
“It wasn't that shape. It was more of a rectangle. Maybe ten by fifteen inches, and the edges were frayed. What I want to know is what that white thing was and what hit the rifle."
"A bird maybe?"
Scott shook his head. "That was no bird. If I didn’t know better I would swear someone threw a rock.”
“They’d have to have pretty good aim to hit a rifle barrel.”
“Yeah. But I saw something off to my right, either in the underbrush or at the edge of it. A split second later something hit the rifle. It wasn’t a sharp blow but it was enough to break my aim.”
"Was the bear coming at you?"
"No. It seemed to be guarding that piece of red nylon.”
“Damned strange," Steve frowned. "Maybe you'd better take someone with you tomorrow morning when you go up and finish the road."
Just after dawn the next morning Scott and Tal Hardy, the yard foreman, went up to the western slope and within an hour had the entire road cleared. They had no further encounters with the black bear.

It was two mornings later, as Steve and Scott Lyndon came out of the cabin to see the lids off the garbage barrels again.
"Oh now this is getting ridiculous," Steve grumbled and strode to one of the open garbage barrels. "I clamped these lids on tight last night. There's no way in hell a bear could have opened them."
Scott looked into the three barrels as he gained a deep frown. "Steve," he said and looked at his brother. "That bear's being awfully damned selective." He motioned to the nearest barrel. "The top of this barrel is unlatched and moved over slightly but nothing inside was disturbed." He pointed to the newspaper he had tossed in it the night before.
"So you're saying they're opening the barrel, looking inside then moving on without touching the contents? Your fiction mind is getting the better of you brother dear."
"Maybe.  But I think there's more to this than what we know."

Chapter 2

Scott Lyndon rolled over and punched his pillow then buried his head in it. "Damned insomnia," he cursed under his breath. He shot a glance at the clock and sighed. Three-Thirty. Maybe a glass of milk would help. He climbed out of bed and strolled down the long hallway that extended the full length of the ranch-style log cabin to the kitchen. With a glass of milk and two cookies in hand, Scott sat down at the kitchen table and looked out the window at the full moon that was hanging in the night sky. He studied it for a few moments before sliding his gaze downward casually. He looked at the bulk of the yard that he could see through the window and thought it looked better in the moonlight than it did in the daytime. He took a bite of cookie then a sip of milk as his gaze continued to wander lazily. When he saw what looked like a dark shadow move in front of the bushes on the other side of the yard Scott frowned. What was that? He focused on the shadow until it disappeared behind a stand of trees. Moments later, it reappeared and moved further east. Scott lost track of it then found it again several yards east. He watched it closely until it stopped at the trash barrels. A bear. He wished the moon were brighter as he watched the animal move along the trash barrels. It sniffed the first one then the second one before stopping at the third. Scott looked at the three drums. The first two were mostly paper and nonedible waste and the third contained food scraps. He watched the bear rise up on its back paws and press down on the top of the lid, almost as if it were bouncing on it. He watched the animal bounce its front paws on the lid several times before the strong latches gave way. Scott watched the bear slide its claws under the rim of the lid and slide it over to the edge before it fell soundlessly to the dirt. “Well I’ll be damned,” he said in less than a whisper. Just then a shadowy flutter of white came along the bushes and stopped beside the bear. Scott squinted and tried to see in the lacklight. It looked and moved almost in ghost-like fashion but he was sure it was not a ghost. When the bear rose up on its hind legs again Scott saw it dig into the drum as the white image disappeared behind the steel barrel.
"Scott? What are you doing up?"
Scott shot a quick glance toward the doorway and recognized the faint shape of a shadow. "Shhh," he hushed. "Don't turn the light on. Come here," he whispered. He heard soft footfalls come up behind him.
"What?"
"Look out by the trash barrels," Scott whispered softly. "Just watch." He focused in on the shadows again and quickly found the bear.
"It looks like our bear friend."
"Keep watching." Moments later, the white flutter moved out from behind the barrel for a few moments before it disappeared again. "See that?"
"Yeah. What is that?"
"I don't know." Scott watched the bear dig into the drum again.
"The bear seems to be digging in the barrel then whatever it pulls out that white image takes."
"But what is that image?"
"Maybe a coyote?"
“Not likely.” Steve frowned into the darkness. “I sat here and watched that bear bounce its front paws up and down on the lid of that drum until it gave way. Then he slid the lid over until it fell off the barrel onto the ground. That’s when the white image appeared. A bear wouldn’t need to feed a coyote, especially out of a trash barrel.”
"There's one way to find out what it is."
"I know, but I don't want to turn on the yard light quite yet. It'd scare them away. I was hoping to find out what it was without the light."
"Not much chance of that with the haze in the air tonight."
"Yeah."
The two brothers watched the images for several more minutes before Scott stifled a yawn. "Well, no chance, I guess." He heard soft footfalls diminish and knew where his brother had went.
"Ready?"
"Yeah."
A soft click and the area surrounding the garbage drums was partially flooded with light from the light fixture that sat atop a thirty foot pole a few feet west of the steel drums. Instantly, the two images at the garbage can were illuminated by the light. Scott's eyes widened sharply as the white image came into visual focus. He caught the shocked expression on both images' faces for a split second before they disappeared into the underbrush. "Oh my God!" he said in a hoarse whisper and felt a chill cascade through his body. "Steve? Did you see that?"
Steve Lyndon blinked then blinked again, his wide, shocked gaze still locked on where the images had been. "Yeah," he said in a hoarse whisper. "It was a child."

The following morning, just after sunrise, Steve and Scott Lyndon went out to the garbage drums. They surveyed the open drum and the litter around it with deep frowns. "Look at this," Scott said as he pointed to the ground near where he had seen the child. An array of bones and fruit peelings were scattered around the small area. He picked up one of the peelings and examined it before handing it to his brother.
"Teeth marks," Steve Lyndon frowned at the distinct indentations in the peeling. He sighed then tossed the peeling in the open barrel. "What in the hell is a child doing living out here in the forest?"
Scott shook his head slowly as he picked up the litter and tossed it back in the drum. "I wonder," he said thoughtfully as he picked up another handful of peelings. "I wonder if that white thing I saw the other day could have been that child."
"Do you think so?"
"I don't know. That red nylon might have been part of some kind of camping gear at one time.” Scott looked at his brother. “Maybe a backpack or a jacket. It did have that kind of weight."
"You might be on to something there little brother. It also might explain how your rifle got hit."
"Protecting a friend?"
Steve nodded. "We saw the bear digging in the drum. It might have been digging out food and feeding the child with what it brought out."
The younger Lyndon looked off into the underbrush. "I've read about this kind of thing happening but it was always fiction. I never thought it possible in real life. We need to do something."
"Like?"
"I don't know.”
"Well you can’t exactly send it an invitation to supper," Steve drawled a smile. ‘If that child is that close with the bear then you can bet it's as wild as the bear is."
Scott walked over to where the pair had disappeared into the underbrush the previous night and examined the thickets with a frown. "Maybe that's exactly what we could do."
"You lost me."
Scott turned. "Invite it to supper."
"And just how do you expect to do that?"
"It comes down here foraging for food. So, we leave food for it. Not scraps like it's been eating, but real food."
Steve Lyndon nodded his approval. "Sounds good. It'd sure beat the hell out of what it has been eating."
That night, just before they went to bed, Scott made up a tray of food; two apples, two peeled oranges and a couple of peanut butter and jelly sandwiches then took the tray out to the garbage drums. He sat the tray on top of the third drum then went to bed. The next morning, to his delight, all of the food was gone from the tray and the garbage drums were still locked.
"Looks like you're on to something Scott," Steve smiled at the empty tray his brother brought into the kitchen.
"Sure looks that way," the younger Lyndon said thoughtfully as he looked up at the distant hills.

Chapter 3

For the next week, Scott continued to leave a tray of food on the third drum each night and each morning he found the tray empty. On the morning of the eighth day, Scott rose a little earlier than normal and it was just before daybreak when he came out of the cabin. He looked at the third drum. The tray was there but there was something on the tray. As he crossed the yard toward the barrels Scott realized it was one of the apples. As he approached the barrels Scott saw something rise up from behind the drum and the apple floated up then disappeared. Scott stopped dead in his tracks and stared at the now empty tray. Just then he heard a low growl and almost immediately the white image, still shadowed by the dusky dawn light, flittered into view beside the drum and he saw the child run toward the underbrush and disappear into it with the bear at its heels. He heard the rustle of the thicket and stood motionless until the sound had vanished into the warm morning air. Evidently the bear had been playing watchdog while the child ate. He looked at the empty tray then stepped around the drum to see a partially eaten apple lying on the ground. He picked it up and looked at it then sighed as he felt a pang of guilt for interrupting the child's meal. Scott laid the apple on top of the third drum then returned to the house. Later that afternoon, he returned to the drums to find the apple was still there. Why had he thought the child would return? Of course it wouldn't since there was always so much activity around the yard in the daytime. He tossed the apple in the drum disgustedly then went back to the house.

The next morning Scott and Steve climbed into one of their logging trucks and headed for the north slopes where, the previous day, a number of trees had been trimmed out of the dense forest.
"What's that?" Steve asked when his brother laid a large sack on the floor of the cab.
"Insurance."
"You've become obsessed with that kid haven't you?"
"Not really obsessed," Scott replied as he slid the high powered rifle into the clips that were attached to the dashboard. "Just worried."
"Just don't get your hopes up brother dear."
"I refuse to see any kid, wild or not, go hungry or eat from a trash can."
"I think you've taken care of both of those concerns."
As the truck crossed the narrow stream and headed up the north slope Scott caught a glimpse of something white in the underbrush ahead "Stop the truck," he told his brother.
Steve hit the brakes and looked at his brother to see the man's gaze locked on something ahead. "What?"
Scott pointed to the thicket. "Watch that underbrush on the right."
Seconds later the flitter of white appeared for a moment then disappeared again.
"You think it's the kid?"
"I don't know," Scott said as he grabbed the bag. "Only one way to find out. Turn off the engine and keep that rifle handy."
Scott had barely gotten past the front of the truck when he heard a low, throaty growl and saw the flitter of white again. Scott stopped dead in his tracks as a loud rustle came from the underbrush and moments later the child appeared and ran across the road toward the other side.
"Wait!" Scott was not sure why he had called out like that. If the child was wild there was no way it would understand words. But, to his shock, the child stopped. He heard another low throaty growl and knew the bear was close by. Too close by. Scott took a deep breath as the child turned and he got his first look at the innocent and very frightened face. A little girl! Her blonde hair was long and horribly tangled and looked like it might have been curly at one time. She was wearing what seemed to be an adult t-shirt or maybe a petticoat. He held out the paper bag and said, "Food," and saw the child's wide, fear-filled eyes bounce to it. When the low growl came again Scott determined the bear was in the left underbrush and he moved slowly toward the spot where the little girl had appeared from the brush and sat the bag down then backed away. "Food," he said again and saw her gaze dart to the bag then back. He kept back peddling until he got to the front of the truck, his gaze never leaving the small face. He saw her look at the bag again and he smiled then gave a slight nod. "It's ok," he said in a gentle voice. "You can take it." Before he could blink he heard her make a low, rumbling sound in her throat and instantly the bear appeared out of the underbrush and stopped beside her. Scott's eyes widened as the bear glared at him and he heard a low, throaty growl erupt from deep in the bear's throat. Scott stayed motionless in hopes of not antagonizing either the little girl or her watchdog. He saw her gaze jet to the bag and back again and he smiled. "Food," he repeated and saw her take a step toward it. He nodded. "It's ok," he kept the gentle tone. "Take it. It's for you." In the blink of an eye the little girl rushed across the road, grabbed the bag in her small hand then ran back as the bear took a step toward the truck and growled again. Scott was sure the bear was only issuing a warning but it did not matter. He had no intentions of moving. When the little girl stopped beside the bear and looked at him Scott was sure the faintest of smiles came to her face before she disappeared into the underbrush with the bear right behind her. He listened to the rustle until it was lost in the light breeze. Only then did he return to the safety of the truck cab. As he closed the door Scott looked at the driver to see his brother's eyes were the size of silver dollars and his face was ashen.
"My God!" the driver said in a hoarse voice. "That's a little girl!"
Scott looked at the place where the two had disappeared. “Yeah,” and then took a deep breath, releasing it slowly.
“It took a lot of guts to face down a bear.”
"That kid has to eat. If it takes facing down a bear again to see that she does, I will. How old do you think she is?"
"I'd say maybe eight or ten. She's not very big."
"I'd have guessed about that age too. I think I am going to do some digging on the internet this afternoon. That little girl wasn't born up here and if she's only 8 or 10 then she hasn't been up here all that long."
"What makes you say that?"
"Because she understood what I said. She didn't learn that from the bear."
"But she was talking to that bear. That would mean she's been up here long enough to learn to communicate with it."
"Yeah."
The two men continued up the hill and picked up the logs. When they drove back by the spot where they had seen the little girl, Steve slowed the truck and they looked around but saw no sign of either the bear or the girl.

After they returned to camp Scott went straight to the office and began his investigation. He searched through every local paper's archives, through the county archives and even the state.
"Find anything?" Steve asked when he came into the office just after four.
Scott shook his head. "There's no record of a child being lost that wasn't found in this section of the Sierras for the last thirty years. I checked both California and Nevada newspapers plus every archive I could find. I even checked the missing children sites. There's nothing."
Steve perched on the corner of the desk. "That only proves it was either never reported or she came from farther away than that."
"I'll check the surrounding states tomorrow."
When Scott checked the tray the following morning he was surprised to find a folded paper bag on it. She returned the bag? Scott looked inside the brown bag, unsure of what he thought he might find. Empty. Scott thought about calling the police and having them fingerprint the bag but then changed his mind and simply tucked it under his arm and headed for the office.
"Whatcha’ got?" Steve asked.
"The paper bag I gave the little girl yesterday."
"Are you sure?"
"Not completely. But it was laying on the tray. I'd say there's a real good chance it's the same bag."
"Why would she return it?"
Steve Lyndon shrugged. "Our parents always returned the container if someone gave us food in one."
"Yeah but this little girl's wild. I don't think a bear would get much company that brought food over when they came.
Scott spent the entire day on the computer trying to find any information that he could link to the little girl. He scoured every newspaper archive he could find of every state that even came close to touching the Sierra or Rocky Mountains; from the Mexico border through Arizona and New Mexico through Canada and into Alaska. There were no reports of any missing or lost children in the last fifteen years that had not been found. Even though Scott doubted the little girl was that old or had come from that far away, he wanted to cover as many bases as he could and so had extended the search limits.
"Find anything?"
"No," Scott sighed disgustedly and explained the details of his search.
"Well, I guess the only thing left to do is call the sheriff."
"What could he do?"
"His connections are better than ours."
"He'd have to have more information than we have," Scott relayed. "And that would mean catching her." His gaze drifted to one of only two windows in the office. "I just can't see that little girl in a cage. She's too wild."
"I have to agree with you there. Ok, no sheriff. What next then?"
"All I can think of is just keep making sure that she gets good food and doesn't have to dig in garbage cans anymore. Maybe, in time, she'll trust us enough to let us get closer."
"Closer so we can do what?"
"I don't know."
Steve got to his feet. "I have to run into town for supplies. Then I thought I'd stop off at Cliff's for a couple of beers. Interested?"
"You bet. Let me put on a clean shirt."

In Goldville, the nearest town to the logging camp, the two men gathered the supplies they needed then stopped at the local general store. When Steve was ready to leave he found his younger brother in the children’s clothing section looking at a pink shirt and matching shorts.
"A little small for you isn't it?"
Scott looked up and chuckled then hung them back on the rack. "I was just wondering what size she might wear. That little dress or shirt she had on was awfully tattered and dirty."
"If you wanted to get her something I'd suggest a pair of jeans with an elastic waist though. Although I'm not sure she'd be willing to take something like that. I think she's too wild."
"You're probably right," Scott said and followed his brother to the front door.
After stopping for a couple of beers at the only bar in the small town the pair headed back to camp. It was a thirty mile drive back to the logging site that had been their home for the better part of five years.
"Oh hell!" Scott snapped as the truck turned off the highway and headed down the road that weaved through the tall timber toward the camp.
"You forget something?"
"I forgot to put out her food."
Steve checked his watch. "It's only a little after ten. The night we saw them they didn't come till after three. I'm sure you have plenty of time yet."
Scott nodded as he watched the road for any wildlife, something that was quite prevalent at this time of night in the dense forests. When they arrived back at the logging camp, the pair unloaded the supplies then Scott hurried into the kitchen. He made up the tray including a banana and some grapes, two items they had bought while they were in town and that he had never offered before. He made the two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches he always did then flipped on the yard light and headed for the garbage bins with the tray in his hands. As Scott sat the tray down on top of the third bin he heard a low, throaty growl from the underbrush that circled the yard less than ten feet beyond the drums. Scott froze his motions as he swiveled his head slowly and looked in the direction of the growl. He could make out the shadowy outline of the black bear against the brush. Scott swallowed hard and lowered his hands slowly. He was about to start backing away when a rustling sound hit his ears and moments later, a white image appeared beside the bear. The little girl. Scott decided to take a chance at learning more about the child and he smiled even though he doubted she could see it in the shadows. "Hello," he said in the same gentle voice he had used the last time they had met. He could both see and feel the two pair of eyes on him and he took a deep breath and slowly picked up the banana. He held it out in an open palm. "Food," he said in the same even tone then laid it back on the tray. He smiled again then took a step back. "Good night."
Slowly, he turned and even though he felt like running as hard as he could for the cabin, Scott took his time but did hazard a glance or two over his shoulder to make sure the bear was not following. When he got to the steps, he turned and looked back toward the garbage drums to see the flitter of a white image as it moved behind the barrels and saw the banana float up and disappear behind the third drum. He smiled then turned and went into the cabin and closed the door.

The following morning, Scott Lyndon's first stop was the third garbage drum and he smiled down at the empty tray. As he reached to pick it up he saw something fall from it and looked down to the ground to see the banana peel. It was peeled perfectly. He laid the peel on the tray and headed for the office.
"Bringing your breakfast to the office now?" Steve Lyndon teased when he saw his brother enter.
Scott grinned then sat the tray on the desk in front of his brother. "I wanted you to see this."
"Uh-huh. That's a banana peel. I'd recognize it anywhere."
"I found that on the tray this morning. I added a banana to her supper last night."
Steve Lyndon's frown was instant. "She knows how to peel a banana?"
"I can't see the bear teaching her that."
"Neither can I." Steve looked up at his brother. "I don't think I learned how to peel a banana till I was four or five."
Scott nodded. "I remember Mom used to send one in my lunch when I was in first grade. She had to have been taught that before she ended up in the wild."
"Agreed. But that still doesn't get us any closer to finding out who she is."
"No it doesn't. But right now that's the furthest thing from my mind. My main concern is winning her trust. I think I took a step toward that last night."
"Oh?"
Scott revealed the happenings of the previous evening and what he had witnessed.
“What are you going to do if you do win her trust?"
"I don't know. I guess I'll cross that bridge when I get there."

Chapter 4

It was two weeks before Scott Lyndon saw the little girl again. Although the food tray he left for her each night was empty the following morning he had not seen her or the bear anywhere near the camp or in the forest. Further internet searches had still turned up nothing. It was looking more and more like their only avenue was the local sheriff.
"Scott?"
The odd tone in his brother’s voice brought Scott Lyndon out of his desk chair instantly. He rushed out onto the porch to see Steve standing in the middle of the yard, his gaze locked on something in the near distance. There, standing at the edge of the underbrush, was the little girl and the bear. Scott eased down off the porch then stepped toward his brother slowly, his gaze never leaving the pair. "When did she show up?" he asked his brother through barely moving lips.
"I came out of the barn and was coming to the office when I heard the bear growl," Steve informed in a voice that was not much louder than his brother's. "When I looked up they were standing there."
Scott examined the little girl's face and even though he saw fear there, he saw something else too. He smiled at her. "Hello." He heard the bear make a low, growling sound and saw the little girl look at the bear then make a higher pitched throaty sound. The bear seemed to sniff with disgust before it dropped to its haunches.
"Did you see that?" Steve asked in a whisper.
"Yeah. I'd swear she gave it an order."
"Me too."
Moments later the little girl took four decisive steps toward them and held out an open hand.
"I wonder what that means."
"I don't know. Maybe she wants something to eat?"
"Maybe," Scott replied. "Let's see if we can find out." He held out his hand. "Food?" To his surprise she shook her head. "Hmm. Guess not." When she took four more steps toward them and held out her hand again, Scott watched her expression. Even though there was trepidation there he could see question too. Scott frowned in thought then took a chance. "Show me," he told her.
The blonde head swiveled and the little girl pointed up toward the top of the north slope then looked at him again and held out her hand.
"I think she wants our help," Scott told his brother.
"Our help with what?"
"If I knew that I wouldn't be guessing." When the little girl took another step forward and held out her hand again Scott’s decision was made. "I have to find out."
"You're not going alone."
Scott smiled at the little girl. "We will go with you." He saw a small tickle of a smile on her lips before she returned to the bear's side.
In the blue pickup the two men steered it toward the north ridge road. When they got to the edge of the yard Scott looked up and saw the little girl standing in the middle of the road about ten yards up the hill. She pointed toward the mountain peaks.
"I don't believe we're doing this," Steve said and maneuvered the truck along the road as he watched the little girl run up the road in front of them. He kept the truck in low gear and at a low speed to stay far enough behind her so they would not frighten her yet would keep her in sight.
"I wonder where the bear went."
"Dunno," Steve glanced to the brush before he focused on the little girl. "Man, that kid can run," he commented as he eased down on the accelerator a little. "I'm going ten and barely keeping up with her."
It was twenty minutes later when the little girl cut off the road and headed west along the slope. The truck followed, swerving around old stumps and downed trees.
"Damned glad we got a four by four," Steve chuckled as they bounced across a small hill. He frowned then stopped the truck. "Where'd she go?"
Scott scanned the hillside then pointed toward the timberline. "There."
"Damn," Steve muttered as he swung the truck further up the hill. "We've never been up this far. This is open government land." Less than two minutes later the little girl stopped beside a large boulder. "I guess we're here," Steve said as he turned the truck sideways ten yards down the hill and set the brake before shutting it off.
Both men exited the truck and started toward the little girl. When they heard a low throaty growl the pair looked over to see the bear standing less than twelve feet away. They stopped.
"Oh boy," Scott said under his breath then looked from the bear to the little girl and back. He saw her turn her gaze to the bear and heard that same high-pitched sound come from her and he heard the bear sniff then watched it drop to its haunches again. If not for the severity of the situation Scott would have laughed. He looked at the little girl to see her extend her open hand again and he began a slow pace toward her. "Show me," he told her gently. When she pointed behind the boulder Scott finished the trek and stopped beside her to see a silver coyote laying on the ground, its paw stuck in a bear trap. The coyote lifted its head and growled at the man, baring sharp fangs. "Oh boy," he said and backed up a step before he looked at his brother who was still standing where he'd left him halfway down the hill. "We've got a coyote caught in a bear trap up here."
"I’m glad I left the rifle in the truck last night," Steve said and started back for the truck.
"No, wait." Scott frowned as he watched the little girl go to the coyote. She sat down beside it and began stroking its fur. The little girl was in easy reach of the coyote but it only laid its head down and whined. "I think this coyote's another protector."
"Oh?"
"Do you have any leather gloves in the truck?"
"Yep."
"Bring me a pair."
"You're gonna try to get a wild coyote out of a bear trap? You're nuts!"
"Probably. But this little girl is sitting here petting the coyote and he's not objecting."
"He might not object to her but you can be damned sure he'll object to you."
Scott looked down at the little girl's face and saw pleading there. "Get me the gloves Steve."
"Alright. But I'm going to keep the rifle handy." He pulled the gloves and the rifle out of the truck and started back up the hill. Even before he was halfway to the boulder the black bear let out a fierce growl and rose up on its back paws, its gaze focused on Steve Lyndon.
"Uh, maybe you'd better leave that rifle in the truck."
"Not with a wild coyote up there I won't."
Scott looked from the bear to the little girl and back. "Steve, put the rifle in the truck and bring me the gloves. Then you can go back to the truck and watch from there."
"That coyote will tear you apart."
"Just bring me the damned gloves," Scott snapped coarsely.
Steve sighed disgustedly then went back to the truck and laid the rifle on the seat before he started back up the hill with the gloves in his hand. To his surprise the bear dropped back to all fours and sank to its haunches. He reached his brother and handed him the gloves as he looked down at the coyote and the little girl's upturned face. He saw nothing but pleading there and knew why his brother had insisted on the gloves. Steve did not think anyone would have been able to resist those beautiful blue eyes.
Scott pulled on the thick leather logging gloves and tightened the wrist straps. "Here goes nothing," he said under his breath and moved to the other side of the coyote. When it lifted its head and barred its fangs, emitting a throaty growl, Scott heard the little girl release a higher pitched growl and the coyote closed its mouth and dropped its head back to the ground and whined. He gave his brother a wide eyed glance before crossing mental fingers. Scott recalled that dogs liked to be scratched behind the ears and he touched the coyote's ear and scratched it gently as he said in a soft voice, "It's alright boy." When the coyote whined again Scott lowered his hand and let the animal sniff the glove. When it lowered its head again he glanced at the little girl then laid his fingers in the jaws of the bear trap and forced it apart far enough for the coyote to pull its paw out. "Get me a stick to put in this thing," he told his brother.
Steve grabbed a short piece of a broken limb he found nearby and stuffed it into the trap.
Scott pulled his fingers out of the jammed trap then picked the metal object up and dangled it by the chain. "Why don't you put this in the truck." He handed the trap to Steve then looked down at the little girl and the coyote. Its paw was mangled where the trap had latched onto it and most likely where the coyote had been chewing at it to try to get free. When the little girl looked up pleadingly then looked down at the coyote Scott knew what he had to do. He took a deep breath then after giving the coyote another ear scratch, slid his arms under the wild animal and lifted him. Other than a whimpering whine Scott heard nothing from the animal. He looked down at the little girl to see her get to her feet and look up at him questioningly. He smiled and wondered if she would understand. "I'm going to take him down to the camp and bandage his paw." He saw the little girl look at the coyote before she lifted her hand and stroked its fur. Scott thought most of the questioning expression had diminished. He stepped around the boulder then looked back at her and smiled again. "Want to come with me?" A light flickered to life in the blue eyes before she stepped over to him.
Together the pair came down the hill toward the truck.
"What the hell are you doing?"
"Helping a friend," Scott said and looked down at the little girl who was keeping pace with him. "We'll ride in back," he told his brother. He heard Steve's disgusted sigh before the older Lyndon went to the back of the truck and dropped the steel tailgate. "I think you're nuts," he grumbled before he stepped up to the driver's door.
"You’ve thought that for years.” Scott stopped at the back of the truck then, sitting down on the tailgate, turned and raised to his knees then crawled toward the back of the bed. He looked at the little girl who was standing at the back of the truck watching him and he smiled and nodded at her. "It's ok," he said in the same gentle voice. "You can come too." To Scott's surprise, she climbed into the bed of the truck and came toward him. She sat down beside him and instantly began petting the coyote. "Let's go Steve," he told his brother, his gaze still on the little girl. "And take it easy."
When the truck started up Scott saw the little girl's eyes widen with fear and she leaped to her feet.
"Wait," Scott said gently. To his relief, she stopped and looked at him. He smiled. "It's ok." He kept the smile on his face then breathed a sigh of relief when she sat down at his side again. He smiled as she stroked the coyote's head and Scott saw a tiny bit of a smile touch the corners of her mouth. As the truck eased into the turn that would take them back down the hill, Scott looked up to see the black bear come a few steps then stop. "I think your other friend wants to come with us," he commented and wondered if the girl would understand. When she lifted her gaze and looked at him then looked at the bear he realized she did. When she looked up at him with that questioning blue gaze he smiled. "It's ok," he said gently and nodded. "He can come too." To his surprise the little girl looked at the bear and emitted a gurgling cry that sounded a great deal like a bear cub's call. Instantly the bear lumbered toward them at a trot.
"What was that?" Steve asked through the open back window.
"She was talking to the bear."
"Oh."
All during the trip down the side of the mountainous slope Scott kept moving his gaze from the coyote to the little girl to the bear, the latter keeping a steady pace behind the truck. The coyote was docile and this shocked Scott. He was sure it was because the little girl was there. Whatever bond held these three together was a strong one, and an old one.
As they neared the yard Scott turned his thoughts on how they could help the coyote. "Steve?"
"Yeah?"
"Do we still have that canine medical kit the vet gave us for Shep?"
"Yeah. I saw it in the office closet a few weeks ago."
"When we get back to camp, park the truck over by the garbage drums. I'll stay in the truck with them and you go get that med kit."
"Ok."
Scott smiled at the little girl's questioning eyes. "It's ok. We're going to fix your friend's paw."
The little girl looked at the coyote and gave a little sigh as she continued to stroke its fur.
As the truck eased to a stop in the yard Scott looked at the little girl then told his brother, "Bring me that old blanket we've got in the back room too."
"Ok," Steve called as he turned the truck off and got out.
Scott saw the little girl look around and he looked past her to see the bear come into view and stop twenty feet from the back of the truck. It dropped to its haunches and sat there watching them.
"What the hell?!"
Scott looked up to see Doug Burnett, the shed foreman, come out of the barn. He heard the instant growl from the bear and saw the little girl's face fill with fear as they both looked at the newcomer. "Doug, go back in the barn and stay there."
"You got it boss," came the instant response before the man spun on his heel and disappeared into the large shed the firm used to ready wood for the mills.
"It's ok," Scott told the little girl and saw her expression melt back to one of concern for the coyote. Moments later Steve came out of the office with the blanket and a white box.
"Where do you want them?"
"Lay the blanket in front of me. I'll put the coyote on it then turn him around with the blanket."
Steve approached the side of the truck carefully then reached over and laid the blanket on the bed in front of his brother. "Do you think you should clean that wound out first?"
"Normally yes. But all we have is either water or peroxide, both of which would sting. Besides, he's been licking it so it's rather clean."
Scott laid the coyote down carefully then taking special care not to make any sudden moves he eased the blanket around so he could reach the injured paw easily. He smiled at the little girl's questioning gaze then took the med kit from his brother.
Steve perched his arms on the fender and watched, keeping a sideways eye on the nearby bear.
After opening the kit, Scott displayed the contents of the box to the little girl in hopes of assuring her of what he was going to do then laid it on the bed of the truck and removed a large tube of antiseptic salve. He opened the cap, squeezed a glob of it onto his finger and gently covered the animal's wounds with it. He added more salve to the wounds, taking special care as he lifted the injured paw and adhered salve to the underside. He recapped the tube and put it back in the box then brought out a large roll of gauze and gently wrapped it around and around the paw. He taped the end of the gauze in place then looked down at his handiwork as he returned the roll to the box. He gave the docile coyote an ear scratch then smiled at the little girl who was stroking the animal's head as he closed the med kit and handed it back to his brother. "Why don't you bring me a pan with fresh water in it. We don't know how long this fella has been in that trap and it might be a good idea to offer him some water."
"Ok," Steve said and returned to the office in the same slow pace he had used before. He was back a minute later with a basin of fresh water. "Where do you want it?"
"I think I'll move him over by the garbage drums. She's familiar with that area and might consider it safer than any place else here." He glanced at his brother. "I'll pick him up and you move the blanket."
"Ok."
Scott turned his attention to the little girl and smiled. "I'm going to move your friend where he'll be more comfortable so he can rest for a little while." He was sure she did not understand but hoped she might have understood part of it. Slowly he scooted toward the back of the truck easing the blanket with him before he slid to the ground. He saw the girl's questioning expression as she looked from the coyote to him and he smiled and nodded. "It's ok. Come on." He smiled when she got to her feet and came toward him and he stepped aside instead of offering to help her to the ground. He admired her agility as she simply jumped to the ground, landing on her feet. Gently, Scott eased his hands under the still docile coyote and lifted him. When the animal whined softly Scott said, “Its ok fella. You'll be alright.” To his brother, “Get the blanket,” as he eased the coyote into his arms. He followed his brother, glancing over his shoulder to make sure the little girl was following him. Behind the large drums, Scott laid the coyote on the blanket, gave him another ear scratch then took the water Steve handed over and laid it on the ground within easy reach of the coyote. To their surprise the animal lifted its head and after sniffing the water, drank from it thirstily.
"I guess you were right.”
Scott looked down at the little girl and gave her a warm smile then watched her sink down beside the coyote and stroke its fur before she wrapped her arms around the animal’s neck and laid her head on its shoulders. The coyote didn't seem to even notice she was there and laid its head down on its good paw and closed its eyes. Scott heard a low growl and looked over to see the bear watching them from a few feet away. "I think we should go in the office so the three of them can be together."
"I'll move the truck later.”
After another smile at the little girl Scott turned and followed his brother toward the cabin. When he got to the porch he looked back and saw the bear lumber over to the pair and drop down on the other side of the little girl. Scott would have given his eye teeth if he'd have had film in his camera and made a mental note to get some next time they were in town. He turned and went into the office leaving the trio alone.
"That was an experience and a half," Steve said when his brother sank into a desk chair.
"Tell me about it." Scott off the leather gloves. "I never thought logging would include fixing coyote paws."
"You did a good job but I still think you were nuts to do that."
"You're probably right. But she needed our help and we took a huge step with her today."
"That we did. I wonder where it'll get us."

It was three hours later when Scott looked out the window toward the garbage drums to see the blanket empty. "I see our company left," he told his brother who was on the phone with a local lumber mill. Scott went outside, checked the area, then walked slowly toward the barrels, keeping his eyes and ears open. He heard nothing unusual and when he reached the drums, he saw nothing unusual. They were gone. He picked up the basin and blanket and returned to the cabin. He dumped out the water then laid the pan under the porch. After shaking out the blanket Scott draped it over the bannister before returning to the office. "You want me to move the truck?"
Steve nodded then turned back to his phone call.
Scott wheeled the four by four into its usual parking spot in an open-doored shed near the barn. After returning the rifle to the office closet Scott looked out over the north slope and wondered where the little blonde haired girl was. He said a prayer for her then went back inside.

Each night for the next three weeks Scott left food for the child and each morning the food was gone. Although he never saw her or her friends he told himself she was eating well and that was all that mattered. Often times, at night, he would awaken to the howl of a coyote and Scott wondered if it was the silver coyote and if the little girl was nearby.

Chapter 5

"Site two to base." The staticy voice split the office silence.
Scott went to the transceiver and picked up the microphone.
"Base."
"Scott, we got us a problem up here."
"What kind of problem?"
"Chet's got himself pinned between a couple of logs. He says he ain't hurt but he can't get out and we can't get the trucks back in that far to winch him out."
"The chains won't reach?"
"Nope. We tried but came up about fifteen feet short. Could you bring us up a couple of S-hooks and some chain? I think if we could hook these chains together we could snag some of those logs and move them far enough to get Chet out."
"Don't you have three?"
"Yep, and their being used to keep the other logs from coming down on Chet."
"Alright. I'll be right up."
"Thanks boss."
Scott raced across the yard to the barn, grabbed a box of hooks and a roll of chain, got them in the back of the four by four and took off for Site two. It took him almost twenty minutes to reach the site and he spotted the Lyndon Logging trucks on the west side of the jam. He parked the truck, grabbed the box of hooks and chain then went over to the foreman as he caught sight of the man whose leg was wedged between the logs.
"Hang in there Chet," he called to the man who had worked with them since they bought the company five years ago.
The man waved and grinned.
"You sure he isn't injured?" Scott asked Doug Burnett.
"He says he ain't," the foreman replied as he pulled four hooks out of the box. "Says he just can't pull his foot out. He says it's caught on something."
"Well let's see if we can't pull that jam up enough to find out what it's caught on."
The foreman nodded then took off for the truck that sat on the upper side of the jam. After rigging the chains together, he signaled an all ready and the truck started up then moved up the slope slowly.
"WHOA!" came the sharp cry and the truck jerked to a halt.
Scott raced up the hill toward the foreman who was surveying the logs.
He shook his head. "Ain't gonna work. If we try to move those logs that whole mess is going to come down on top of Chet."
Scott Lyndon nodded then surveyed the bed of logs. "Too bad we don't have a wedge big enough to slam in there."
"That'd do the trick but we don't."
"You ok Chet?" Scott called to the man in the middle of the logs."
"Yep," he nodded and looked down at his leg that disappeared into the logs above the knee.
"How'd he get stuck in there anyway?"
"He was crossing over to the other side and the logs shifted. His leg slipped down in and that's the result."
"Well hell," Scott frowned then leaned against the truck behind him and crossed his arms. He studied the jam with a thoughtful frown. "Did he try pulling his foot out of his boot?"
"That's the first thing we thought of. He can't get down in there far enough to get to the boot."
"Looks like the only thing we can do is pull those upper logs off one at a time," Scott said and looked at the number of logs that he estimated were close to two hundred.
Doug Burnett swiveled his head and looked at his boss. "You ever play pick-up sticks?"
"When I was a kid."
"That's what we'd be facing. One matchstick at a time and if we take the wrong one Chet loses."
Scott Lyndon scowled and examined the situation again. "Do you see another option?"
"I see three options. One, play pick-up sticks. That could put Chet in danger if we pick the wrong log and it would take us hours to get enough moved to get him out of there. Two, find a wedge large enough to slam in there and pull Chet out, if we can get his foot unstuck. Or, three...”
Doug Burnett’s sentence was cut short by a fierce growling sound. Both men spun to see a black bear standing about twenty yards up the hillside. "Oh shit. That's all we needed. You didn't bring your rifle did ya'?"
Scott's gaze was on the bear. "No.” Even though most black bears looked alike there was something familiar about this particular bear. Could it be the little girl's protector? His question was answered a moment later when he saw a flash of white in the underbrush. "You guys stay here," he instructed. "Don't move and don't say a word," he told the pair then began a slow steady trek up the hill toward the bear. He closed the distance by almost half before he stopped. When the bear growled again there was less fierceness in it. Scott had to take a chance that it was the same bear and that it remembered him and he held out an open hand. The bear looked at him then emitted a low throaty growl, even softer this time. There was a rustle in the underbrush and the little girl appeared. He lowered his hand and smiled. "Hello." To his surprise, she gave him a faint smile but much larger than the previous ones he had seen. He saw her gaze bounce to Chet then back and she took a step forward before holding out her hand then pointing to Chet. "Show me," she said in the tiniest of voices. She could talk! Under normal circumstances Scott would have thought she was offering her help. He spared a moment to look at Chet, whose eyes were the size of silver dollars and his mouth was hanging open. "He's stuck like your friend was," he told her. "We need to get him out but it will take time."
The little girl took another step forward and held out her hand again. "Show me," she repeated.
"Alright," Scott said and turning, came back down the hill toward the foreman at a slow pace. "Go to the truck Doug," he told the man who was staring at the bear.
"You got it boss," the foreman said and made a beeline for the nearest logging truck.
When Scott got to the end of the jam he looked down to see the little girl beside him. He studied her blue eyes that were filled with question then pointed to Chet. "He's stuck."
The little girl seemed to survey the situation then looked back over her shoulder at the black bear who was still standing in the same place. She emitted a soft gurgling cry and the bear lumbered down the hill toward her.
"Nobody move," Scott called in a little louder tone, glancing from Chet to Doug.
When the bear reached the little girl's side she emitted a softer growl which the bear answered before it eased down and looked at the end of the logs closely. Another throaty growl from the bear and a response from the little girl came before she looked up at Scott. The faintest of smiles touched her lips and she nodded. “It’s ok,” she said in a soft, angelic voice before she got down on her hands and knees and disappeared between the logs.
Scott blinked. "Uhm," he said and looked at Chet. "She's coming your way Chet. Under the logs."
"What's she gonna do?" The man in the midst of the logs asked in disbelief.
"I'm not sure. But whatever it is be ready for it."
"Ok."
Scott tossed a glance at the bear to see him watching the spot and it seemed like eons before he asked, "Do you see her yet?"
"Nope."
It was almost a full minute later when Chet reported, "Here she is."
"What's she doing?"
I'm not sure but I can feel her touching my boot. I think she's trying to free my foot. She's pushing on it."
"Is it doing any good?"
"Nope."
Scott Lyndon felt totally helpless and extremely frightened for the little girl's safety. "What's she doing now?"
"Still pushing and pulling." Seconds later, "She stopped." Chet looked down into the darkness between the logs and could see a slight flutter of white. "She's untying my boot," he told the man at the end of the jam. Moments later Chet pulled his leg out of the crevice, minus his boot. He heard the softest of voices say a muffled,
"It's ok."
Chet blinked and saw the flutter of white just before he heard something that sounded like a chain rattling. "I think she's coming out," he announced as he rose to the top of one of the logs and walked carefully to the end where Scott was. He jumped down to the ground and looked at the bear before looking down at the end of the logs.
Both men waited and, to Scott Lyndon, it was another long wait before he heard a chain rattle and the little girl appeared in the opening. The smile he was gaining when he saw that she was safe quickly changed to a frown as she got to her feet and pulled on the thick chain she had in her hand. When Scott saw a closed bear trap with a leather boot wedged into the arched steel jaws on the other end of the chain he laughed. He looked at the little girl to see a wide smile on her face and he knew she was thinking the same thing he was. When she offered the chain he took it and smiled. "Thank you," he said and handed the trap to Chet. When he looked back at the little girl she had stepped to the bear's side and he saw the bright smile that lighted her blue eyes and he mirrored the smile before she turned and moved up the hill and into the underbrush with the bear at her heels.
Scott turned to Chet Thomas to see the man's wide gaze locked on the hillside.
"I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't seen it with my own eyes.”
Doug Burnett joined the pair. "Me either." He looked at the boot that was still wedged in the bear trap. "Why'd you laugh when you saw the boot in that trap?"
"Do you remember the day you came out of the shed and the bear was in the middle of the yard?"
"Yep."
"That's the same bear." Scott relayed the story of the coyote and how he and Steve had rescued the coyote after the little girl had come to them and asked for help.
Both men chuckled. "So she paid you back the same way," the foreman said.
"That's why I had to laugh."
"I've seen that bear a few times before," Chet commented.
"Well if you see that bear then you know the little girl isn't far away. Just leave them alone. He's her protector. I don't think he'll hurt you as long as you stay away."
"Who is she?"
"We don't know. We discovered she was eating out of our garbage drums. I started setting food out for her. She comes into camp every night and eats the food I leave on a tray on one of the drums. I've checked the archives of every newspaper up and down the Sierras and Rockies for the last fifteen years but I can't find anything about a little girl being lost and never found." He shrugged. "All I can do is make sure she's eating something besides garbage."
"Why not just call the sheriff?” Chet suggested. “Seems he'd have more connections than you would."
"We thought of that. We also realized the sheriff would have to catch her and neither Steve or I thought she'd do very well in a cage."
"Yep," Doug agreed. "She's wild. It'd kill her to be in captivity."
Chet looked up at the spot where the girl and bear had disappeared. “That is one remarkable kid.”

Chapter 6

The following morning, Scott Lyndon stepped out of the cabin and started across the yard toward the garbage drums, his usual morning jaunt before breakfast. He spotted the empty tray long before he reached it. As he stopped at the last drum a movement caught his eye and he looked toward the underbrush to see something black there. He frowned at it then took a step closer before he recognized fur. Fur? The bear? He looked around for the little girl but did not see her. What was the bear doing sleeping here? Scott decided he did not want to find out and picked up the tray silently and started back for the cabin. Before he had gotten four steps he heard a low throaty growl behind him and knew he was about to find out anyway. He stopped and turned slowly to see the bear was still lying in the same place but had turned its head around and was looking at him. While Scott was debating his next move a blonde head appeared from behind the bear. He could see sleep still in the little girl's eyes and realized this is most likely how they slept at night; with the little girl curled up in the protective legs of the bear. He smiled. "Hello."
A small smile touched the little girl's lips before she got to her feet. "Hello."
It was a tiny voice and one that Scott thought might belong to an angel. He was not sure what to say next or even if he should move. That decision was made for him when the little girl came around the bear and took two steps toward him then stopped and held out her hand. Behind her, Scott saw the bear rise up then turn around and drop to its haunches facing them. Scott slid his gaze back to the little girl and her outstretched, upturned hand. Did she want help again? Food? He decided to try the same approach they had both used. "Show me." He expected her to point somewhere but instead, she came forward slowly, her hand still extended. Her gaze, filled with question, never left his.
Eight steps later and the little girl stopped in front of him. She looked down at his hand then, with a touch as soft as a feather, reached out and stroked the back of it.
Scott tried to keep his frown inside but failed and it creased his brow with confusion. "I don't know what you want," he said almost sadly. "I don't understand." He felt the touch on his hand again and he extended an open palm toward her. To his surprise, she laid her tiny hand in his. He searched her blue eyes to see a gleam sparkle to life as a soft smile touched her lips.
"Hello," she said in the same angelic voice. She looked at his hand then lifted her other hand and slowly closed his fingers around her hand before looking back up at him. "Show you," she said slowly then she nodded her head and added, "It's ok."
Scott Lyndon did not know what to make of this. They had come close to touching before but this confused the hell out of him. What was she trying to say? What was she trying to do? It was almost as if she were trying to introduce herself. He glanced at the bear to see him watching them. The animal seemed totally content with what was going on. Scott surveyed the blue gaze again then did the only thing he could think of; he squatted down in front of her, bringing their gazes to equal level. He smiled and leveled an index finger at himself. "Scott." Would she understand?
The little girl looked at the hand that was holding hers then mimicked his gesture, leveling a finger at herself. "Sid-ney."
It came out broken into two distinct syllables but Scott understood it and he smiled. "Hello Sidney."
She smiled. "Hello Scott." Her words were as if she had to concentrate to speak them but they were understandable. She swiveled her head and looked at the bear then pointed at him as she looked back at the man in front of her. "Tongo," she said and smiled. "My bear."
Scott grinned and looked at the bear. "Hello Tongo." To his surprise the bear emitted a soft growl. He saw her look around quickly as a small frown touched her forehead. She looked over one shoulder then the other and Scott got the distinct impression she had lost something. A soft howling cry erupted from her throat. A split second later a rustle in the underbrush was followed by a silver coyote appearing less than six feet from the bear. Scott blinked his gaze to the animal's paw, saw the place he had bandaged then saw a smile touch the little girl's mouth again.
"Duke," she said and looked at the man in front of her. "My dog."
Dog? Close enough. Scott smiled at the coyote. "Hello Duke." Again, to his surprise, the animal responded with a soft growl before it sank to its haunches. If they had gotten this far Scott wondered how much further they could get. "Sidney," he said gently and saw her gaze become expectant. "Where's your Mommy and Daddy?"
"Slee-ping," was the innocent response.
He frowned at that. "Sleeping, where?"
She swiveled her head and looked around as if to get her bearings then pointed to the north, northeast.
Scott forced the frown from his forehead. There was nothing up there but steep mountains and deep gorges. "Is the place they are sleeping far away?"
Sidney seemed to think about that for a moment before she shook her head. "Not far away."
Scott had to know if the vision that kept coming up on the screen in his mind was right. "Show me?" he asked.
She nodded and, removing her hand from his, then took a step back.
"Wait here," he told her and picked up the tray before he got to his feet. He turned and hurried to the house. "Steve?"
"Yeah?"
Scott hurried in and tossed the tray on the counter. "The little girl's back. I've been talking to her."
Steve Lyndon turned from the coffee pot, a fresh cup of coffee in his hand. Both of his eyebrows shot upward. "Talking?"
He nodded. "Her name is Sidney. The bear and coyote are with her. She said her Mom and Dad are sleeping up in the mountains to the northeast of here."
"That's some damned rough terrain up there."
"I know. I asked her if she would show me where they're sleeping and she said she would. I'm taking the truck up as far as I can go then will hike the rest of the way."
"You'd better take a two way."
"Good idea," Scott said and headed for a door in the opposite wall. "I'll be back when I can," he informed as he removed a two-way radio from one of the shelves there then put in new batteries. He grabbed a set of high-powered binoculars from the same shelf then went out the front door. Scott was not sure if the little girl would still be there but, to his surprise, she had not moved. He slowed his pace as he neared her for fear of spooking her guardians. He smiled as he neared her and received a smile in return. "Ready to go?"
The blue gaze slid to the truck and back. "Go in blue car?" and she pointed to the truck.
He nodded.
She lifted her hand and slipped it into his then smiled. "Ready to go."
Scott was glad she was so willing to go in the truck. The trek by foot would have been too lengthy. He led her toward the truck. When they were about halfway across the compound he heard a yip and looked back to see the coyote bound forward about ten feet, its ears pricked forward.
Sidney looked back then up at him questioningly.
Scott smiled and nodded. "It's ok. They can come too."
Her smile was instant and she looked back at the two animals, emitted a gurgling cry then watched both of them come forward at a trot.
Scott was not all that keen about having a coyote and a black bear tag along but they were Sidney's friends and that, alone, made it necessary. He led Sidney to the truck then let go of her hand and opened the back tailgate. "They will have to ride back here," he told her.
Sidney turned and looked at the two animals that were less than six feet behind her and she touched the tailgate then emitted a soft growl.
Scott watched the coyote come forward and leap up into the back of the truck with the bear following a second after. He stifled a chuckle as the truck's shocks took the full weight of the bear. He looked down to see the little girl nod and Scott closed the tailgate then looked at his cargo to see them both lay down, almost side by side and look at him. He led Sidney to the passenger side and opened the door, was surprised to see her climb right in. He buckled her seatbelt, saw her questioning frown and smiled. "It's ok." The frown disappeared and she smiled and nodded. He closed the door then went around to the driver's side and slid in behind the wheel, laying the two-way on the dash. He buckled his seatbelt then started the truck. He glanced over his shoulder at the two animals in the back and said, "Hang on fellas," before he gave the passenger a smile then headed for the dirt road that led to the north slopes. He knew there was a secondary road that was used by the forest service at the top of the second ridge and knew it led east. If they could get even part way, they could hike the rest of the way as long as it was not too far. He looked at Sidney to see her looking at all of the buttons and dials on the dashboard with wide eyes. He smiled at her when she looked at him and received a return smile before she looked out the window. Any other child in a truck that had tons of buttons would be pushing them and wanting to see what they did. Sidney was obviously a very well behaved child and he wondered about that. 
It was a silent ride that had Sidney looking back through the window often to check on her pets. She seemed to be satisfied that they were fine each time she looked and once, she even stretched her arm out the open back window and smiled when the coyote nuzzled her hand.
"Are we getting closer?" Scott asked as they turned off on the forestry road and headed east.
Sidney straightened as much as the seatbelt would allow and craned her neck to see where they were. She nodded. "Get-ting closer."
Scott hoped she knew what he had meant. He was not one for wild goose chases. He steered the truck around several large boulders and knew they would not be able to go much farther by truck. He saw his passenger crane her neck again and she seemed to be examining the mountains.
"There," she said and pointed toward the north.
Scott slowed the truck and got his bearings before he turned left at the next dirt road and headed along the top of another slope. He was in unfamiliar territory now and on land owned by the federal government. It was set aside as a nature preserve and off limits to people and vehicles. Scott slowed the truck's speed to twenty. It would be best if they did not try anything faster in case a drop off loomed up in front of them. He watched Sidney out of the corner of his eye and saw she was watching the mountains closely now. She seemed to be looking for something. Less than a mile farther, she found it.
"Stop."
Scott did as instructed and looked at the landscape. It was mostly deep rolling hills on this side of the terrain. But across the gorge to the east, it was nothing but a sheer mountain cliff. A wide, deep gorge separated the two. He met the blue gaze. "Here?"
She nodded.
He checked the angle of the truck, turned the wheels to the left, then set the brake and turned off the engine. He unbuckled his seatbelt, grabbed the keys and the two-way then slid out and hurried around to the passenger side. After releasing the little girl's harness, he stepped back and watched her jump to the ground. He closed the door then looked around the area. It was definitely beautiful here. He heard a low throaty growl and looked at his cargo at the same time Sidney did. When he saw her look up at him he smiled and nodded then went to the back and opened the tailgate. "Everybody out," he said brightly and grinned when the two animals rose and came forward. Never in his wildest dreams did he think he would be hauling around a coyote and a black bear. After the coyote and bear had leaped down and moved away from the truck he turned back to Sidney. "Show me."
When she started toward the edge of the eastern slope Scott followed with the coyote and bear close at his heels. The going was easy at first but, a few minutes later the hill started sloping downward. Scott watched the little girl move down the slope easily and thought she looked like a mountain goat. When she stopped on a flat part of the hill he frowned then came up beside her to see she was standing less than 8 feet from a drop-off. He watched her drop to her stomach then crawl slowly toward the edge. When she stopped and looked back at him Scott could see the "Well?" expression and he smiled then dropped to his stomach and crawled up beside her. She smiled then crawled forward again, stopping at the edge of the drop-off.
"There," she said and pointed straight down.
Scott moved forward slowly then looked over the edge to see a deep gorge that was at least two hundred foot deep. At the bottom of the gorge he could see something blue and, nearby, something red. He lifted the binoculars, brought them into focus and looked at the objects again. Backpacks. He scanned the area then sighed as he saw two human skeletons sprawled over the jagged rocks. Now what? Scott lowered the binoculars and looked around the area. There was no way to get down there without breaking your neck, unless you were a bird. He looked at the opposite side of the rocky gorge, searching desperately for some kind of easy way down. There was none. He looked at the little girl to see her watching him. "How long have your Mommy and Daddy been sleeping down there?"
The little girl's expression twisted in thought before she swiveled her head and looked over her shoulder at the two animals. She emitted a soft growl, received one back from the bear. Another growl, this one more of a cry and the bear responded with a warbling growl. Sidney looked back at Scott and held up her hand, spreading her fingers. "This many winters."
Scott took a deep breath. "Five?"
The blonde head bobbed.
Five winters? This little girl had been in these mountains for five years? The winters here were horrid. It was not uncommon to have blizzards that lasted for days and the mountainside to be covered in several feet of snow during any one of those massive snowstorms. And the snow never fully melted until spring. "Where do you sleep in the wintertime Sidney?"
Her smile was instant and she pointed to the bear. "Sleep with Tongo."
Bears hibernate. Humans cannot do that. "Tongo sleeps all winter," Scott told her. "Do you sleep all winter too?"
"No. Duke visits me."
Hmm. But what about food? Certainly the coyote could not bring her food. He had not even considered that she had spent winters here. "Where do you get food in the winter?"
"Keep food from summer to eat in winter."
That's how she did it. Hm. It might work if she had a way of drying the food. But was she that well versed in living in natural surroundings to know that? Scott's mind was flooding with questions he did not think Sidney could answer. He smiled at her. "Oh," he decided would be the best response. He looked over the edge of the dropoff again. "Do you ever go down and see your Mommy and Daddy?"
Her nod was instant.
"How do you get down to see them?"
Sidney pointed to the north. "Show you?"
"Yes." Scott said then crept backwards a safe distance before he got to his feet. When Sidney crawled backwards the garment he'd determined was an oversized t-shirt hiked up and his gaze widened on the tiny bare bottom. He turned his gaze away quickly and looked at the animals to see them lying on the grass watching, obviously quite content to stay where they were. When she stood up, Scott turned back to her and smiled. "Ready to go?"
She nodded then turned and, with the animals behind them, they went along the hillside for almost a quarter of a mile before she stopped. Scott came up beside her.
"Here," she said and pointed to a gradual incline.
Scott looked back over his shoulder and realized the cliff had turned and this way would be quite easy. When he saw her start down the path he called, "Wait." She came back to him with a questioning expression. He smiled. "I need to call my brother and tell him where we're going." Her expression told him she did not understand and he smiled and held up the radio then said, "Wait." He lifted the radio and keyed it. "Portable two to base."
The reply was instant. "Base. Where are you?"
"Beyond the back forty from what I can tell," Scott said with a frown as his gaze slid around the area.
"Find anything?"
"Yeah, at the bottom of a two hundred foot gorge."
"Oh hell. What are you going to do?"
"We're going down there. Sidney showed me an easy way to get down. I doubt I'll be able to get out while we're down there though." He looked over his shoulder. "I've left the truck just beyond the end of fire lane forty-four, in the preserve. We're about half a mile east of that then a quarter-mile north along the rim is the path we're about to take."
"Got it. How much time do you want?"
"Give me at least three hours or maybe a little more," Scott relayed after keying the radio. "I don't know how long it's going to take to get down there. The path is gradual and winding then we have to backtrack about a quarter of a mile over the rock bed."
"Ok. It's just after nine. You got the animals with you?"
"Yes."
"Ok. Be careful Scott."
"I will. See you in a few. Portable two clear."
"Base clear."
Scott clipped the radio to his belt then looked down at the upturned face to see a smile.
Sidney looked at the radio then grinned. "Ten-four."
Scott laughed then nodded. “Ten-four." Evidently she'd had some kind of contact with a radio, most likely CB. He smiled. "Ready to go?"
She nodded then turned and started down the path again with Scott right behind her.

The path was a gradual one that wove along the hillside much like a switchback. It seemed well traveled. But, by what? Scott had no idea what kind of animals lived in the preserve. He glanced over his shoulder to see the coyote and bear a few yards behind him and he smiled. If they encountered anything in the gorge, they would be well-protected. Or, to be more precise, Sidney would be. They reached the end of the trail forty-five minutes later. Scott looked up at the sheer cliffs and then looked south. The going would not be easy. The gorge floor was littered with rocks of all shapes and sizes. He looked down at Sidney's bare feet and wondered how she was going to fare on the rocks. He saw her smile and returned it.
“Ready to go?” she asked then looked back at the coyote and bear. She emitted a throaty cry and the coyote came forward. Sidney stroked its fur then emitted another cry that sounded something like a warbled yip and the coyote moved forward down the ravine.
Scott thought the animal looked a lot like a point man. As they moved along the bottom of the gorge he watched Sidney go from rock to rock and realized she had done this many times. He followed her path and found the going quite easy. When he heard the coyote emit a low, throaty growl he looked up to see Sidney stop.
"Wait," she said quietly.
Scott stopped a few steps behind the girl and looked at the coyote to see the hair on the back of its neck was standing straight up and it seemed to be looking at something in the rocks ahead. Moments later the animal released a piercing growl and leaped forward. When it came up with a snake in its mouth Scott's eyes shot to full width. He watched the coyote shake the snake then throw it to the side and Scott saw the motionless reptile land on top of a large flat rock twenty feet away. Although it was not a rattlesnake Scott realized the coyote was taking no chances. When he saw the animal look back at them and heard a soft yip before it moved forward again Scott realized the coyote was protecting them. He looked down at the tiny blonde when she turned and looked up at him.
"It's ok," she smiled and was off again.
Less than twenty minutes later the coyote stopped and dropped to its haunches. Scott saw the blue backpack a few feet ahead of the animal and realized they had arrived at their destination. When Sidney stopped by the blue backpack Scott came up beside her and looked at the twisted mass of bones.
"Daddy is still sleeping," she said quietly before she took several more steps and stopped at the red backpack. "Mommy is still sleeping too."
Scott wanted to pick Sidney up and give her a tender hug but he did not think she would understand why and he was sure the coyote and bear wouldn’t either. He looked at the backpacks. Could there be something in them that told him their names? He knew the rules of the mountains were that hikers always carry some form of ID. Had they followed that rule? Would the little girl even let him look in the backpacks. He had to try. "Sidney?"
She looked up at him.
He gestured to the blue backpack. "Can I look in your Daddy's backpack?"
She looked at the bones then nodded. "Daddy is sleeping so it’s ok."
Scott thought her words were coming easier now and wondered if it was because she had not had much reason to talk in five years. He squatted down by the backpack and unzipped it carefully. After pulling out a jacket and a pair of gloves Scott found several days of rations and a map book for hikers. No identification and there was nothing else in the main compartment. He opened the map book, found no name or address on the page it was designated for then leafed through it to a page that was dog eared. The map had several blue and red lines on it, each one marking a trail that was in this part of the mountains. But no writing of any kind. Scott stuffed the book back in then looked at the rations. They were generic rations and displayed no store logo. They also had a four year old expiration date. He put them back in then looked at the jacket and gloves. After checking the pockets of the jacket Scott put everything back into the backpack and zipped it up. He checked the outer pockets, found some very old gum, a box of waterproof matches, a pair of sunglasses and a receipt for the map book. He tried to read the store name on the receipt but it was too faded. Scott closed that pocket and went to the next only to find it empty. He checked the backpack for a nametag, found it and lifted the leather flap only to find it blank. Damn. Scott pulled the nametag paper out, turned it over and found a price tag. The backpack had cost $20 and was bought at Sears. No help there. He put the nametag paper back in and sighed before he straightened. He looked at the bones and the shreds of faded fabric that still shrouded parts of them then searched around the hip area for a wallet. "Sidney, does Daddy carry a wallet?"
She frowned for a moment before her hand went to her backside, where a wallet would be placed. She nodded.
Scott looked around the bones again but saw nothing that even closely resembled a wallet. "I don't see your Daddy's wallet."
Sidney smiled. "Before they went to sleep Daddy asked me to keep his wallet safe for him."
Scott smiled. "That's very nice of you Sidney. Where are you keeping it safe?"
"At my house." She pointed back toward the camp. "Show you?"
He shook his head. "Not yet." He looked at the red backpack. "Can I look in Mommy's backpack too?"
Sidney nodded then moved over to the next rock, stepping away from the other bones.
Scott went to the other backpack and knelt down, took a look at the hand that was still clutching the strap and sighed before he opened it. The second backpack contained pretty much the same thing except the map book was replaced by a romance novel. He checked the front and back covers for a name but found nothing.
"I took some of Mommy's shirts," Sidney admitted and tugged on the t-shirt she was wearing. She blinked innocently. "Do you think Mommy will be mad when she wakes up?"
Scott smiled at the innocence. "No, I'm sure she won't be mad."
That made the smile return.
Two bodies, two sets of bones, and no identities. Who were these people and how did they get here? "Sidney? Did Mommy and Daddy drive a car?"
She nodded. "A big red and white car."
"Where's the big red and white car?"
If there was an unattended car somewhere, certainly the sheriff's department would have discovered it before five years had passed. That would have generated a report and an investigation. He saw Sidney's gaze slide along the mountains as deep crevices furrowed her tiny forehead.
She looked around the mountains for several seconds before sighing softly. "I don't 'member," she said sadly.
He smiled. "That's ok. You are doing very well."
Her smile reappeared.
As Scott turned he saw something catch the sunlight and he looked down into the rocks. What was that? He reached down and picked up a locket that was dangling from a golden chain. It was a beautiful locket; simple yet elegant with tiny scrolls on the front of the heart-shaped piece. He held it up. "Is this Mommy's locket?"
Sidney took a step closer and looked at it then nodded as a big smile curled her lips. "Yes."
Scott opened it to see two pictures. They were slightly faded but easily discernible. On one side was a man and a woman; a handsome couple, and they were smiling. On the other side was a little boy and girl and Scott's eyes shot to full width. He recognized the little girl as a younger Sidney. "Sidney? Do you have a brother?"
The little girl sighed softly. "He went away," she said simply. "Mommy and Daddy said he had to go to sleep and would sleep for a really long time."
He looked at the picture and guessed the children were maybe four and five, the boy being the oldest. "How old was your brother when he went away?"
She held up five fingers.
Scott nodded and looked at the picture again then closed the locket and smiled at the innocent eyes. "We should take this and keep it safe for Mommy, don't you think?"
Sidney looked down at the bones then smiled and nodded. "Mommy would like that."
Scott considered ways of getting the bones out of the gorge but there was no way of doing that now or maybe ever, without disturbing them. He looked at the little girl. "Shall we go and let Mommy and Daddy sleep?"
She looked down at them and nodded then turned and looked at the coyote who was only a few feet way. She emitted a soft gurgling cry and the coyote moved past them and took the point again.
After one more look at the skeletons, Scott tucked the locket into his jeans pocket and followed the little girl back along the same path. How was he going to find out if the sheriff's department had discovered a big red and white car in one of the mountaintop parking lots in the last five years without raising suspicions or questions? How was he going to get these people up out of this gorge and buried without raising suspicions? How was he going to handle it when Sidney showed him her Daddy's wallet and he learned who they were? Did she have relatives somewhere? Was there family who had been searching for them? Why hadn't the sheriff discovered a car? Why hadn't the bodies been discovered? So many questions. Scott knew if he contacted the sheriff they would all be answered but what would happen to Sidney? He looked at the little girl that was moving along the rocks. He had to think of her first. The rest would come later.
It was just over an hour before they reached the top of the hill and Scott pulled the radio from his belt and keyed it. "Portable Two to base."
"There you are. You're late."
"Sorry," Scott said and glanced at his watch and realized they were almost thirty minutes late. "We got a little tied up down there going through a couple of backpacks."
"Find anything?"
"Not a thing."
"You coming back to camp now?"
"Yeah. We're still a quarter-mile from the truck. I'll keep the radio on and let you know when we get back to the truck."
"Ok. Base clear."
"Portable Two clear." He returned the radio to his belt and looked at the innocent blue eyes then grinned. "Ten-Four."
The grin was returned. "Ten-Four."
Together they hiked along the hillside in silence, reaching the truck in record time.
To Scott's surprise, the coyote and bear leaped into the back of the truck without instruction and settled down, seemingly happy to get a ride back to civilization. Scott pulled the radio from his belt and keyed it.
"Portable Two to base."
"Base."
"We're back at the truck. Should be home in thirty minutes or so."
"Roger. See you then. Base clear."
"Portable Two clear."
He shut the tailgate then opened the passenger door and watched Sidney climb inside. Scott buckled her in before he closed her door and locked it then went around to the driver's side. He laid the radio on the dashboard, slid the key into the ignition then buckled his seatbelt and met the blue gaze. "Ready to go?"
She grinned. "Ready to go." She swiveled her head and looked through the back window and said, "Hang on fellas," in the same tone he had used earlier.
Scott laughed then started the truck, gave his cargo a quick glance then turned the truck around and they headed back up the dirt road and out of the preserve.
It was just before they reached the logging road when Sidney spoke. "Scott?"
"Yes Sidney?"
"Mommy and Daddy aren't going to wake up are they."
Scott Lyndon felt a chill careen through him. Oh how sorry he felt for this innocent child. He could not lie to her, not when he had come so far in reaching her. "No Sidney," he said gently. "Your Mommy and Daddy are going to sleep for a really long time."
She sighed heavily then looked out the window. "They went to sleep like Sammie did."
"Was Sammie your brother?"
She nodded.
Scott had the urge to stop the truck and hug the little girl but chased the desire away, even if her guardians were at a safe distance. "Yes Sidney," he said gently. "They went to sleep like Sammie did." He heard her sigh and his heart went out to the little blonde haired girl that had no family. Scott Lyndon decided he had to try to find any family she might have. He would just have to find a way to do it and protect her at the same time.
When Scott pulled the truck into camp he eased it to a stop at the end of the cabin and turned off the engine. Sidney had been very quiet and had kept her gaze out the window during the entire trip back. "Sidney?"
She swiveled her head and looked at him.
He searched her face for tears. "Are you ok?"
She smiled and nodded.
Scott wasn't so sure about that but he took her word for it and grabbed the radio then slid out of the truck. He opened the tailgate on the way around the truck; unbuckled Sidney's seatbelt then stood back as she hopped to the ground. As he closed the door he reached into his pocket and pulled out the locket and held it out in his hand.
Sidney looked at it then looked up at him. "Will you keep Mommy's locket safe for me?"
He smiled. "Yes, I will."
She looked at the coyote and bear who were now on the ground nearby then looked back at the man in front of her. She gave him a gentle smile that was followed by an angelic "Thank you" then turned and after emitting a gurgling cry, took off on a dead run toward the underbrush with the coyote and bear at her heels.
Scott sighed then turned to see his brother standing on the office porch.
"Looks like you made some headway."
"Yeah." Scott looked back at where the trio had disappeared. "I feel so sorry for that little girl." He went into the office behind his brother and sank to a chair then looked down at the locket he was still holding.
"What do you have there?"
"This is a locket I found by her Mother's skeleton," he relayed and held it up. "Sidney told me they've been down there five years."
"Five years?" Steve cried. He took the locket and, opening it, looked at the two photos inside. "That little girl has run wild in these hills for five damned years?"
Scott nodded. "She said she's been here five winters."
"How in the hell did she survive?"
"She said she sleeps with the bear and the coyote visits her. Evidently she stores food somehow then eats that during the winter."
"That kid has more guts than anyone I know."
"Tell me about it.” Scott relayed what they'd found in the gorge and how he'd found no ID in either backpack. "She said they came in a big red and white car." He frowned. "You'd think if the sheriff found a big red and white car that he'd have started an investigation."
"You'd think so. If they found it."
"Well these people had to live someplace. Sidney said she had a brother Sammie but he had died when he was five. He had to have been buried."
"What do you plan on doing?"
"I want to try to find out if she has any family."
"That'll bring the sheriff."
"I know. But I think I know of a way to get the ball rolling and still protect her."
"How?"
"Report that I found those two skeletons."
"Might work. But what if the sheriff finds out they had a little girl with them?"
"I don't know. I guess I'll have to cross that bridge when I get there."
"What are you going to do about Sidney?"
Scott smiled. "Well, the first thing I'm going to do is get that kid some jeans. She said she had taken some of her Mommy's t-shirts and that's all she has on."
Steve chuckled. "I guess we need to take a trip into town."

Chapter 7

After a quick lunch, Steve and Scott Lyndon drove into Goldville. While Steve picked up a few supplies at the general store Scott went into the kid's clothes section and browsed through the racks of little girl's clothes. He held several pair of jeans against his leg, measuring them against the height the little girl had been when she had been standing beside him. He chose two pair; one black and one blue, that he thought would fit then looked at the shirts. It might be that she would prefer to keep her mother's t-shirt but Scott did not think it would hurt to buy a couple of shirts, just in case. He picked out two that were simple; a white one with pink flowers on the front and the other was light pink with a picture of a brown teddy bear on it and crossed mental fingers that they'd fit. He glanced at the little girl's underwear section but decided he was not quite ready to get that deep.
"Find something?" Steve asked when they met in the hardware section.
Scott nodded and displayed the clothes he had draped over his arm. "I'm not sure they'll fit but I think they'll be close."
They gathered their purchases and headed for the checkout. The pair were just coming out of the store when the sheriff's car pulled up.
"Oh boy," Scott said under his breath as he recognized the man behind the wheel.
"Howdy boys," Josh Logan called as he unfolded himself from the squad.
"How's it goin' Sheriff?" Steve called after a quick glance at his brother.
To their relief the officer sauntered past them and into the store.
"I'm just not ready to face him yet," Scott said after they had driven away. "I want to do a little more digging before I have to."
"What kind of digging?"
"Sidney said she was keeping her Daddy's wallet safe for him. I'm hoping she'll bring it to me and that it will have some kind of ID in it."
"Let's hope it does."
"Yeah," Scott said blandly as he turned his attention to the country roads.
Steve swung the truck off the main highway and onto the gravel road that led to the camp. "You can almost feel the chill of fall in the air," he commented casually.
"I noticed that this morning when I went out to get Sidney's tray." His gaze was focused on the road ahead, as it always was when they traveled the passages that wove through the dense forest. It was not unusual for a wild animal to dart out in front of them and, on more than one occasion, the Lyndon boys had had close calls with everything from deer to raccoons. In the distance, a movement on the high bank to the left caught Scott's eye. "Something's up on that bank," he told the driver. "Better slow..." Just then something hit the truck with a loud thud, breaking off his sentence.
"What the hell was that?" Steve snapped as he hit the brakes, bringing the truck to a skidding halt.
Scott glanced around then turned his gaze out the back window to see a silver coyote standing in the middle of the truck bed. He glanced at the right paw to see faint signs of an injury then met the animal's gaze. When the coyote growled throatily but displayed no fangs Scott blinked. "We just picked up a passenger," he commented. "Hello Duke," he said with a slight edge of tension in his voice. The animal emitted another small throaty growl before it sank to its haunches then laid down. “This is going to take some getting used to."
Steve grinned and shook his head before he moved the truck forward again. "Do you think Sidney's around somewhere?"
"I'm not sure. I know if the bear's around, she's close by but I don't know much about her and Duke yet. My guess though, would be yes." As the camp came into view Scott looked at the garbage drums and he smiled. "I guess that answers your question," he said and pointed to the black bear that was laying on the ground near the underbrush. As they neared he saw a blonde head pop up from behind the bear and he smiled. "And there's Sidney." After the truck had eased to a stop, Scott opened the door and got out as the coyote leaped from the back and trotted over to the little girl who was now standing beside the garbage drums. Scott looked at the girl with a smile. "Hello."
Her smile was instant. "Hello." After giving Steve a tentative glance she took two steps toward Scott and extended her hand and the object she was holding.
"I'll take this stuff in the office," Steve said after catching the glance. He was sure the little girl was not too comfortable about him being there and he understood that. She had had a lot more contact with Scott.
"Thanks." Scott walked slowly toward the little girl. He glanced at the two animals who now sat only a few feet behind the child then looked down at her hand as he neared. "What do you have?"
"Daddy's wallet."
"Oh," he said. When Scott reached Sidney he squatted down in front of her. "Is it ok if I look in Daddy's wallet?"
She nodded.
Scott took the wallet and noticed it was well worn. He took a deep breath and opened it. His gaze fell instantly on a Colorado driver's license. Colorado? He read the name; 'Steven Southington' and the address, 'P.O. Box One-Four-Nine, Brookridge, Colorado'. A post office box address. Well, it was better than nothing. He examined the picture and matched it with the one he had seen in the locket. He opened the snap compartment and his gaze fell on a picture of a man and woman, a larger version of the picture in the locket. He flipped the cellophane leaf and saw a picture of a much younger Sidney. Across from it was a blonde haired little boy. "Sammie," he decided then flipped the leaf over. He read the Denver Public Library card that was registered to Steven Southington. He flipped the leaf again and examined the roadside assistance club card that was embossed with the name 'Steven Southington'. Scott closed the snap compartment. Not a lot of help there. He opened the bill compartment and counted more than two hundred dollars in cash and found a cash receipt from a service station in Wilkesburg, Colorado for Seventy-Seven dollars and eighty-seven cents for fuel. Scott frowned. That was a high gas bill. He read the line; 'Forty-one point two gallons at one dollar, eighty-nine cents per gallon'. Forty-One gallons? There were very few vehicles that could hold that much gas; a motorhome and a large moving truck being two. A big red and white car? Could that car have been a motorhome? He stuffed the receipt back in the compartment then looked under the license to find a single key wrapped tightly in cellophane wrap. A key? He examined it but found no markings on it. He stuffed it back under the license then turned the wallet and checked under the photo compartment. He pulled out a small stack of items and began to leaf through them. More gas receipts; one from a station in Colorado and two from Nevada. Scott read the membership card from the Audubon Society stating that 'Steven Southington' was a member in good standing. Under the card he found a folded sheet of paper and unfolded it then read the letter from the offices of John Williams, Attorney at Law, in Denver, Colorado and was addressed to Steven and Susan Southington at P.O. Box One-Four-Nine, Brookridge, Colorado.


‘'Dear Mr. and Mrs. Southington,

I regret to inform you that the First National Bank of Denver intends to follow through with the foreclosure on your property at One-Two-Seven-Four-One North Ridge Road. They have requested that I inform you that your family has until midnight on June Thirtieth to vacate the cabin. Both they and I understand your predicament surrounding losing your job at Denver Electric as well as the fact you have not been able to find another job in the two years since you worked at Denver Electric. I am sure you will agree that the First National Bank of Denver has been very lenient in accepting partial payments against your loan but they have informed me that partial payments are no longer enough.
I am sorry, Mr. and Mrs. Southington but I see no other avenue at this time.
Please contact me if I can be of further assistance.

Sincerely,

John Williams,
Attorney at Law'

Scott sighed and folded the letter and slid it under the growing stack in his right hand. The gas receipt from Wilkesburg, Colorado had been dated the first of July. Could it be the family was moving to California? Scott thought that was a distinct possibility. If they had rented a moving van that might account for the large amount of gas they had purchased as well as the 'big red and white car' that Sidney had mentioned. He went on to the next item, unfolding the handwritten sheet carefully and read:


'To Whom It May Concern,

My name is Steven Southington. My wife is Susan Southington and up until last week we lived at One-Two-Seven-Four-One North Ridge Road, in the mountains above Brookridge, Colorado. It was a small cabin that Susan and I built ourselves. A place for she and I to live away from the hustle and bustle of city life. We never expected to have children when we built the cabin but God surprised us and blessed us with two beautiful children; a boy and a girl. Samuel was born at home on December Thirty-First. Sidney was born a year later on January Twenty-Sixth, also at home. Since Susan stayed at home all of the time and we had no friends, it was easy to conceal the pregnancies and births. Neither Sammie nor Sidney have a birth certificate or a social security number. We taught them in home school so they never attended public school. We cherish the simple life and have tried to raise our children the same way. Our children have not been raised with the luxuries of electricity or modern frills. They were taught to seek out their entertainment and existence from nature and the land that God gave us. Over the past two years our lives have become tangled in the red tape of society's bureaucracy when I lost my job due to a layoff. I have not been able to find work since and now the bank has foreclosed on the Five Thousand Dollar loan that we had to take out to build our cabin. Sammie, our son, died in a massive rockslide near our home two months ago, the day before the bank notified us of the impending foreclosure. We chose to allow God to take care of his earthly body and left him under the millions of tons of rocks; a natural grave for a son of nature. We have purchased an inexpensive motorhome and placed all of our earthly belongings in it. Soon, we will reach our new home in California's Sierra mountains. Our daughter Sidney, does not know of our plans. She would not understand that her Mommy and Daddy cannot go on any longer, facing one strife after another with no end in sight. We have parked our motorhome in the middle of a dense forest thicket approximately one-quarter mile northwest of the end of forestry fire lane forty-seven. It is well-hidden from view in this untraveled area and will likely not be discovered for years to come, if then. Tomorrow I will place the key to the motorhome in my wallet then ask Sidney to take care of Daddy's wallet for him. While she plays on the shaded slopes, Susan and I will climb the face of the mountain then go down to our final resting place. We have prayed to God that he will watch over her and protect her until the time comes when someone can take care of her better than we can. We have no family as both Susan and I were foster children who lost our parents at a young age. And so, if you are that someone that Sidney has grown to trust, we ask you to take care of our little girl and take her as your own. She is a sweet little girl with the innocence of angels. She is truly a nature's child. In the motorhome, hidden behind a panel beneath the back bedroom closet floor you will find a metal box filled with all of the necessary information to legally bring Sidney into your family if you so wish to. We pray that whomever she finds will take care of her and love her. Someday, when she grows up enough to understand, please show her this letter and help her understand that Mommy and Daddy love her very much and are doing this so she will have the life she deserves; a life we cannot give her.

Sincere thanks from,

Steve and Sue Southington'


Scott Lyndon sighed heavily as he felt chills slice through his body for the fifth time since he had begun reading the letter. The couple, at the end of their rope, had planned their own deaths and the future of their daughter. He wondered if they realized she would end up living in the mountains for five years with a black bear and a silver coyote as her only companions. Somehow, he doubted it. Scott felt sorry for the couple and wished he could have helped them. He looked up at the innocent blue eyes of Sidney Southington and realized he could. He folded the letter and slipped it back into the wallet then closed the wallet and held it up for the little girl to take.
She shook her head. "Can you keep it safe with Mommy's locket?"
He smiled and nodded. "Yes, I will keep it safe with your Mommy's locket." Before he could blink Sidney stepped up to him and, wrapping her arms around his neck, hugged him tightly. If there had been any doubt about Sidney's future, it was extinguished in that moment and he wrapped his arms around her and hugged her tenderly as tears stung his eyes. When she released him and pulled back, Scott saw question in her face.
"Daddy told me that someday a really nice man would come and I would go to live with him. Are you that man Scott?"
Scott Lyndon had to blink back the tears. He smiled at the little girl he now knew to be eleven years old. "Yes Sidney," he said gently as a tender smile touched his lips. "I am."

The following morning, while Sidney played with her two friends near the yard, Scott and Steve Lyndon took one of the logging trucks and the four by four and drove up to fire lane forty-seven, a dirt road that circled around the far end of the northernmost slopes of the preserve. They found the thicket and after plowing down some of the dense underbrush they discovered the red and white motorhome. They towed it back to camp and moved it into one of the larger unused storage sheds and closed the doors.

Chapter 8

"Scott?"
The man behind the desk looked up to see a tall, slender woman standing in the exterior doorway. Sidney Southington, now Sidney Lyndon, had grown up to be a beautiful young woman. Ten years had passed since he had first encountered the little girl. Much of that part of her childhood was erased from her memory now. The fall after she had come to live with Steve and Scott Lyndon, torrential downpours had created massive rockslides to the northeast and the skeletons of Steven and Susan Southington were buried under millions of tons of rock. The two hundred foot deep gorge was now barely one hundred feet deep. He wondered if they hadn't been watching over their daughter and once she had found her new home they were finally able to rest peacefully. The next spring, Scott and Sidney had gone through the motorhome, taking what Sidney wanted to keep. That evening, after the little girl was tucked into bed in her own bedroom, Scott had returned to the motorhome and found the hidden panel the letter had mentioned. He had followed the instructions in the metal box and logged onto the internet and went to the obscure website and downloaded the files the letter instructed him to. He had filled out the information requested then sent the letter to the address in England. To his surprise, four weeks later, he had received a manila envelope back with a stack of very legal-looking documents that stated Sidney Lyndon was the sister of Steven and Scott Lyndon. He had not been sure about the 'sister' idea but after talking it over with his brother they both agreed it would be much better than daughter or niece. Since their parents were both dead and they had no living relatives there would be no family to refute it. Scott had removed all items from the motorhome and had packed them away in boxes in the small attic above the office with the idea that, one day, after Sidney grew up, he would pull them out and give them to her; allowing her to make the choice as to whether to keep them or not. The motorhome had been dismantled then buried in a deep ravine in the far reaches of the western slopes of the Lyndon property. Two weeks later, an earthquake had buried the red and white vehicle pieces under more than fifty million tons of rock and Scott had been sure it was the Southington’s way of keeping the secret about their daughter hidden forever.
It had not been easy raising a little girl but with the help of the internet and a lot of books they managed and Scott thought they had succeeded quite well. Today she was dressed in a dark blue, long sleeved shirt that was tucked into her tight jeans that were tucked into her high black work boots. The collar of the shirt, as usual, was turned up and brushed against the bottom of her short curly blonde hair. A gold, heart-shaped locket hung on a gold chain around her neck. He smiled at her. "Yeah Sid?"
The smile she gave him alighted her blue eyes. "Doug wants to know if you want him to bring those logs down from the south slope."
Scott's gaze jetted to the calendar then up to the map that covered half of the wall of the office. "Yeah, he'd better. Harwick will be coming to get them Monday. Might as well do it now since we've got rain in the forecast."
She nodded and was gone.
Sidney had come a long way in ten years. She had chosen to take home school, an option in this remote county and had learned more than Scott thought she could have learned in any classroom. By the time she was fourteen she was reading and understanding senior high school information and had passed the GED the month after she turned sixteen. But her studying had not stopped there. She had, with the help of the internet, sought out and absorbed almost everything she could find on forestry, logging, the environment, and anything else to do with nature. If it involved the outdoors and summer, Sidney knew all there was to know about it. What had surprised the Lyndon boys the most was her desire to learn the logging business. It was shortly after her sixteenth birthday that she had gotten her regular driver's license and, three months later, received her commercial and logging licenses. By the time she was seventeen Sidney could drive any vehicle they had, from the largest logging truck to the bulldozer. Scott looked up to see his brother come in from the hallway and go straight to the coffee pot. "Doug's going to bring down those logs from the south slope," he informed as he watched Steve pour two cups of coffee.
"I saw Sid cross the yard at a full gallop. I figured Doug had sent her."
Scott chuckled as he accepted one of the cups before he turned back to his book work. Sidney had not lost her ability or desire to run either. And she still loved the hills and was on them at every opportunity. A low throaty growl lifted Scott's gaze to the door and he saw a silver coyote framed in the doorway. "Hello Duke," he said with a smile. "She's in the big shed." The animal yipped its thanks then bounded off the porch toward the designated building. That had not changed either. Sidney had retained her friends who had become permanent fixtures around the Lyndon Logging camp. Actually, the number of animals had grown. Three years after Sidney came to live with them Duke came into camp one day with two coyote pups. Sidney had learned that their mother, Duke's mate, had been killed and the pups were motherless. Sidney had taken them in and raised them. Midnight, the blackest of the pair, was a hellion and, more than once, Sidney'd had to set him in his place. Princess, was a white female and lived up to her name perfectly. It was rare for her to step in anything that even closely resembled mud and spent most of her time laying on the porch waiting for Sidney. In the evening when all of the machinery had been turned off and the crew had went home to their respective families, it was common for Sidney to go out into the yard and romp and play with the three coyotes, often rolling on the ground with them bouncing on and off her playfully. Tongo would lay on the fringes of the yard and watch quietly, waiting his turn with as much patience as any four hundred pound black bear could have. When Sidney had tired the coyotes out she would get to her feet and look over at Tongo and he would raise up and bound toward her, knocking her off her feet when he pounced on her. They would wrestle for a time before the massive black bear would lay down, totally exhausted and Sidney would lay down beside him and they would cuddle together. Indeed, it was quite a remarkable family.
In the wintertime, when the yard was closed, the Lyndons would move their base of operations into Goldville where they owned property on the outskirts of town. During the winter they would make deals and plans for the following season. For the last six winters the three coyotes had joined them and lived with them throughout the winter months, sleeping in a shed that was attached to the back of the heated garage near the rear of their fifty acre lot. They hunted in the forest that covered most of the back half of the Lyndon land, never bothering neighbors or townsfolk. Tongo hibernated in a cave known only to him, Sidney and Duke, hidden somewhere in the western slopes of the Lyndon property. Each spring when they would return to the logging camp Tongo would be waiting.

Scott heard all three coyotes sound their howl-style bark and knew someone was coming up the road. They made a good doorbell. It was at least ten seconds later before Scott heard the car and looked through the open office door to see a sheriff's squad come into view. He got to his feet and went out on the porch to greet the man they all called friend. Scott had never had to tell the sheriff what he had found in that gorge and he was glad for that. Thanks to the information and website he had been directed to, Sidney had become a Lyndon and that had never been questioned, even when the Social Security Administration had asked for a copy of her birth certificate so she could be issued a Social Security number. Scott had always been thankful to whoever had the ability to make such legal-looking documents and was even more thankful to Steve and Susan Southington for having such a beautiful daughter and gracing the Lyndons' lives with her. He hoped they were pleased with the way their daughter had been raised.
Scott focused on the sheriff. Even though the Lyndons were good friends with Josh Logan, it was unusual for the man to come up to the camp.
"Howdy Scott." The tall, lanky former Texan who was dressed in the typical tan uniform extracted himself from the squad car. He looked across the roof of the car at the three coyotes that were watching him and grinned. "Hey there Duke."
The silver coyote let go with a yipped reply before the three returned to their places; Princess on the porch, and Midnight and Duke wherever Sidney was. 
Scott was all smiles at the sheriff's lack of fear of the coyotes. The sheriff had protected the coyotes from more than one concerned Goldville citizen and now all of the townspeople had accepted the coyotes as a permanent part of the community's 'dog' population. It wasn't uncommon for Sidney to walk down the streets of the small town with any of the coyotes beside her and receive no different of a look from the townspeople than if she'd been walking with a German Shepherd or hound; the two most popular dogs in the town. He shook the man's hand. "Got time for coffee Josh?"
"I'll make time," the man grinned and followed Scott into the office. "Howdy Steve," he nodded to the man at the other desk.
"Hi Josh. What brings you out this way? We usually don't see you till the snow flies."
Josh Logan took the coffee Scott handed him then sank to the chair nearest the front door as he shoved his wide brimmed hat back on his head, revealing a crop of graying hair. "I'm afraid this ain't exactly a social call fellas."
"Oh?" both Lyndons said in unison.
The sheriff felt his hat being lifted off his head and he looked up as the slender blonde who was standing in the doorway plopped it down on top of her golden curls. He laughed. "Hello darlin'." One winter, when Sidney was twelve, she had shyly asked the sheriff if she could wear his hat. Josh Logan, whose grandchildren lived on the other side of the country could not resist those beautiful blue eyes and he had lifted his hat and plopped it down on top of her blonde curls. From then on, whenever she would see him she would put his hat on her head. That had not changed as she'd grown older. Josh still got a kick out of it and how she looked in the too-large of hat.
Sidney bent down and gave the man a kiss on the cheek, her eyes alighting with devilishness as she crossed the room to the coffee pot.
"What do you mean Josh?" Scott prompted.
"Well, you know that new guy who bought out the old Cummings ranch?"
"Jansen, isn't it?"
"That's the one," the sheriff confirmed. "Somehow he found out about Duke and he's claiming that Duke is leading a pack of coyotes and attacking his cattle."
"Duke wouldn't do that," the woman said matter of factly as she turned and leaned against the counter with a cup of coffee in her hands.
"I know that darlin'. But you know how these new people are. They got to be drawn a map."
"So send him over," Sidney told him. "I'll draw him a map he won't ever lose."
The sheriff chuckled. "I'll bet you would too darlin'." The man's smile melted. "I just wanted y'all to know that this guy might be trouble and for you to keep a close eye on Duke and his kids."
"We will Josh," Scott assured. “Thanks for letting us know."
"Why didn't Jansen just come over and talk to us himself?" Steve wanted to know.
Josh ran his fingers through the thick bush of gray hair that covered the top of his head. "Damned if I know. Big city boys got big city ideas." He took a gulp of his coffee. "They come out here to hicksville and think they can bring their big city ideas with 'em. That's when my paperwork doubles and stays that way till they either settle down to country life or go back to their big cities." He grinned. "I'll tell him to get his saddle over here and talk to you if he makes any more noise."
"Thanks Josh," Scott smiled. "I'm sure Sid could set him in his place."
The sheriff almost choked on his coffee when he started to laugh. He looked at the woman’s beautiful face and hourglass figure then winked at the two men. "That little filly could set half the county in their place and not even half try."
Sidney Lyndon was used to this kind of ribbing. She got it from the crew, especially her brothers, all the time. She downed her coffee, turned the powder blue cup upside down on the towel beside the pot then strode across the room and up to the man she could almost see eye to eye with. "Now sheriff," she said in her typical soft, angelic tone. "You know I'm just waitin' for you."
Josh Logan laughed outloud then grinned as he lifted his hat from her head and stuck it back on his own. "Ya' got a mighty long wait darlin'," he teased as his eyes twinkled.
The blonde gave the sheriff a kiss on the cheek, tossed a wave at Scott and Steve then disappeared out the door.
The uniformed man looked after her then shook his head. "That girl is absolutely remarkable."
Scott and Steve exchanged glances before Scott smiled. “That she is.”

Chapter 9

Scott awoke to what sounded like a distant rifle shot. He sat up in bed and listened. When a second one came he leaped out of bed and rushed to the hallway to see his sister standing there. "Where's Duke?" he asked through the lack light.
"In my room," Sidney told him, wiping sleep from her eyes. She motioned to her closed bedroom door. "They're all in there." When the third rifle shot came, the woman's gaze jetted to the nearby window on the other wall. "That's coming from the south slopes," she said in a low voice. "About two hundred yards out."
Scott had always marveled at how she could pinpoint a direction and distance so quickly and was sure it had to do with her five years with Tongo and Duke. "That'd put it on our land."
"I hear a truck."
He strained to hear something in the quiet but knew, from past experience, that her hearing was much better than his; something else he attributed to her time in the wild. "What kind?"
"Not a big one. A little smaller than our new four by four."
Their new four by four, which they had purchased the previous winter, was a Dodge with a huge hemi engine under the hood. When another shot rang out, Scott's gaze jetted to the woman he could barely see.
"That one was closer. So is the truck. I'm going to turn on the yard lights," she told her brother and went through a nearby door and into the kitchen.
Moments later Scott saw the main yard lights come on and the hallway filled with spots of dusky light that filtered in through the four windows that lined the north side of the long hallway that connected the three sections of the cabin. He saw the blonde who was dressed in black pajamas stop near a window. "Be careful Sid," he told her. "The guy might be trigger happy."
"I'm watching."
Scott could now hear the truck and told his sister so.
"He's coming down the south slope," she whispered. "He'll be in the yard in a little bit." Her gaze jetted to the window and, a minute later, "Here he comes."
Less than five seconds later the north shed was lit up by the glow of headlights and Scott heard the roar of an engine as it was gunned. He heard the squeal of dusty brakes then heard a thud before another rifle shot rang out. The pair ducked as glass shattered somewhere not too far away just before the roar of the engine rose again and the truck raced out. Scott raised up and looked out the window to see something laying in the middle of the yard. "What's that?" he whispered.
"A coyote."
"Do you know it?"
"No. It's a grey. Most greys stay south of here, lower in the valley." Sidney shot a glance at her brother. "I'm going to go see it."
"Be careful Sid," Scott called after her knowing there was no sense in telling her no. She still had too much wild blood in her to be stopped. He watched her walk through the yard in her bare feet. She looked around then stopped beside the motionless animal. She squatted down, touched the fur tenderly, then got up and came back to the cabin.
"She's dead.”
Scott sighed and hugged her tenderly. "I'm sorry." He felt her arms go around him and felt her shoulders tremble.
"All they're trying to do is survive. Too many people and not enough hunting ground. I'll take Duke and we'll bury her in the morning."
"Did you get a good look at the truck?" Scott asked, knowing her keen night vision. "I noticed it was a Ford and it looked black."
"It was dark blue," she corrected and shifted her gaze out the window. "Two men in it, both had cowboy hats on, something like Josh wears but dark brown. The passenger was older and had gray hair. The driver was younger with dark hair."
"Did you catch the license number?"
"Part of it. California truck plate, One-T-Seven-Two something."
"We'll call the sheriff first thing in the morning. By then we'll be able to find out which window he shot out."
"Left one on the big shed," she told him then smiled at his expression. "Sometimes it pays to have friends in the wild."
Scott chuckled then gave her a kiss on the cheek. "Goodnight Sid."
"Goodnight Scott," she smiled then disappeared into her bedroom and shut the door.

Chapter 10

The next morning, just after six, Scott strolled into the kitchen to see Sidney sitting at the table drinking a cup of coffee. She was dressed for the day, today wearing a dark gray shirt over her jeans. She was staring down into her cup and looked up when he entered.
"You're up early," he noted as he went to the coffee pot.
"I had some checking to do."
"Oh?" It was not unusual for Sidney to go out before dawn and roam the hills with the coyotes and Tongo. He turned and leaned against the counter as he sipped his coffee.
"Duke and I went out looking for the grey's den."
"Did you find it?"
The blonde head bobbed. "She had two pups."
Scott was almost afraid to ask his next question as he sank to the table across from his sister. "Were they ok?"
"I brought them back with me. Princess is watching them right now. They're eyes are barely open Scott."
He reached across the table, covering her hand with his. He smiled tenderly. "They're in good hands now Sid. They'll be fine with you and Princess taking care of them." The woman offered a small smile that made Scott think of an eleven year old girl.
Her hand curled around his tightly. "You're the best brother I could have." She looked toward the window. "Here comes the sheriff."
Scott looked at the window and only then heard the sound of the car. He grinned at her. "You and your keen hearing. Better pour him a cup of coffee. He's going to want something for being dragged out here this early." Scott opened the kitchen door as the familiar sheriff extracted himself from the squad. Josh Logan’s gaze jetted to the pile of fur in the middle of the yard then bounce to meet his and Scott saw it fill with fearful question. Scott Lyndon shook his head and saw the relieved expression come to the uniformed man's face.
"Mornin'," Josh Logan said as he came up on the porch. "Where's my..." He grinned when Sidney appeared in the doorway and stuffed a filled coffee mug in his hand. "...coffee." Something in the depths of her blue eyes told the sheriff that his hat would be staying on his own head today. He followed the two Lyndons into the kitchen. "What's up?"
"We had a visitor last night," Scott told the sheriff as the trio sank to one of the trestle-style tables in the room.
The sheriff jammed his thumb over his shoulder, aiming at the dead coyote outside. "I gather that's the calling card he left."
Scott nodded.
"Damn," Josh said and pulled a notebook out of his pocket. "Ok, give me the particulars."
Scott relayed the information then let Sidney fill in the rest.
"And then he took off out of here like a bat out of a sunrise," Sidney finished.
"You said the plate was California truck One-T-Seven-Two something?"
The woman nodded. "Dark blue Ford four by four. Like a midnight blue."
Josh Logan had learned, long ago, that this woman could see and hear things most humans could not. He attributed it to her love of and rapport with wild animals and left it at that. He was not sure he wanted to know the truth. "What window'd he shoot out?"
Scott had seen the broken window when he had checked the yard just after sunrise. "The lower left window on the big shed."
The sheriff sipped his coffee then leaned back in his chair and looked from one Lyndon to the other. "Would either of you recognize them if you saw them again?"
"I would," Sidney replied evenly.
Josh looked to Scott for an answer.
"I don't think so. I didn't have a good angle and it was too dark."
The sheriff nodded. Both were answers he was expecting. He closed his notebook and tucked it back into his pocket. "Do you want to file a complaint?" He saw Scott Lyndon look at his sister and knew something passed between their gazes. "I could get him for trespassing, disturbing the peace and destruction of property, for starters," he informed. "Unfortunately, there's nothing I can do about the coyote he killed and dumped out."
"You know who it is?" Scott asked.
"I think so. The truck description and plate prefix matches Jansen's. I'd need a positive ID but he's right at the top of my suspect list."
Scott looked back at his sister. "What do you think Sid?"
She sighed softly then shook her head. "We can replace the glass by noon and trespassing isn't that big of a deal. I can take care of the grey and everything else."
Scott knew the ‘everything else’ was the pups. He slid his gaze back to the sheriff. "We won't file a complaint," he told the uniformed man. "But could you do me a favor?"
Josh nodded.
"Could you find a way to let Jansen know that we know it was him and if he comes over here again we will file a complaint."
The sheriff smiled. He had always liked the Lyndons. They were good people and they didn't rile easily. They were good to their neighbors and had helped many townspeople out during their sixteen years here. They were a quiet bunch, never bothered anyone and rarely asked for favors. He downed his coffee as he got to his feet. He rinsed out the cup then sat it upside down in the sink before he turned. "You bet I can." He tapped the brim of his hat in salute then headed for the door. "I think I'll take a little ride south," he gave them a wink then went out the door.

Chapter 11

Scott tilted his chair back then perched his booted feet on the porch railing and took a long swallow of his beer as he watched Sidney romp and play with the coyotes. It had been two weeks since the incident and Josh Logan had assured him that he had gotten his point across to Jansen when he had visited him the morning after the incident. Everything had been quiet and had returned to normal at Lyndon Logging. He heard a whine from nearby and looked down at the two grey and black pups who were sitting in the blanket-lined box next to him. They were looking over the edge of the box at the goings on in the yard and even though they were too young to join in on the fun, Scott could tell they wanted to. He heard Sidney giggle as Duke poked her in the ribs with his snout then watched her grab him by the neck and wrestle him to the ground. The coyote wiggled free then scooted away from her only to yip happily then rush back for more. Scott chuckled at the playfulness. When Duke poked her in the ribs again he jumped out of Sidney's way then raced for the hills with the blonde and Midnight close behind. Scott looked down at the white coyote beside him and when she looked up at him he smiled. "We'll let the kids go off and play and us fuddy-duddys can sit on the porch." He reached down and scratched her ears then smiled when she nuzzled his hand. Just then he heard a low throaty growl in the depths of the coyote's throat that was followed by a single snarling howl and, saw her gaze rifle to the inbound driveway. He frowned. "Easy girl," he said softly and only then heard the sound of an approaching vehicle. When he saw a dark blue Ford four by four come around the corner Scott's gaze narrowed. His fingers curled a little tighter around the coyote's neck as he heard her growl increase. "Shhh," he told her and smiled inwardly when she quieted down. Scott wondered if Sidney had heard the truck approach or Princess's warning howl and looked up along the slopes but saw no sign of her bright red shirt.
Scott's checked the truck’s license plate. California truck One-T-Seven-Two-Four-Six-One. Dan Jansen. He watched the man get out of the truck and come toward him. Scott thought him to be in his mid-twenties. He was a relatively handsome man and Scott thought he walked like a city boy in cowboy duds.
"Hello," the man said in a tenor voice as he stopped on the other side of the railing and draped his left arm over it.
Scott nodded a quick greeting. "What can I do for ya'?"
"I'm looking for either Scott or Sidney Lyndon. I'm Dan Jansen."
Before Scott could tell him he had found one of them, he heard a piercing, howling cry that seemed to reverberate across the hills. "Oh shit," he thought and his gaze rifled to the underbrush on the far side of the yard. He heard and felt Princess's growl low in her throat and he clamped onto her neck tightly but not tight enough and the animal pulled back from Scott's grasp then leaped over the railing and bounded into the yard. Scott looked at the man in front of him to see his wide gaze on the yard. His face was now the color of ashes as three coyotes formed a line across the middle of the open area twenty yards away. The hair on the backs of their necks was raised and their teeth were barred. All three were emitting deep throaty growls that would curdle most men's blood. Scott thought it only fair to warn the man even though it would serve him right to get confronted by the three animals. "I wouldn't make any sudden moves if I were you Jansen," he said cooly and met the man’s wide-eyed gaze. Just then Scott saw a glimmer of red appear beyond the coyotes and he focused on the blonde who stepped out of the underbrush at the far side of the yard. He could see the fire in her eyes even from this distance and knew precisely who that fire was aimed at. Her slender hands were clamped down on her jeaned hips and she was coming toward the back of the coyotes at a slow and steady pace.
"Well," Scott drawled and looked at Jansen again to see his eyes were also on the blonde. "I'm Scott Lyndon," he told the man. "And that lady in front of you is my sister Sidney."
Dan Jansen shot a quick glance at the man on the porch before he turned his gaze back to the woman who was now flanked by the trio of coyotes. She was the most beautiful woman he had ever seen, bar none. Her blue eyes, even from this distance, glimmered with a light he could not describe. Her face, although he could not read it, was flawless. She had a body men would kill to hold and she walked with the grace of a gazelle. He swallowed hard once, twice, then took a deep breath. When the sheriff had come over and told him that Scott and Sidney Lyndon had decided not to file a complaint he had tried to play dumb. But after the evidence was laid in front of him he admitted that it had been him and his ranch foreman who had dumped the coyote they had killed in the middle of the Lyndon Logging yard. Sheriff Logan had warned him not to tread on the Lyndons or he would be up against something he did not want to face. Jansen had wondered about that warning and had thought about it for two weeks before he had decided to drive over to the logging firm. Never had he thought he would be facing this! Not only a pack of wild coyotes with their teeth barred, but this beautiful woman. Sidney? He had thought Sidney Lyndon was a man. This was no man! He watched the woman start a slow, steady pace toward him; watched the coyotes match her stride and he swallowed again then backed up until he found himself wedged in the jutted corner of the building. He could see the full of her eyes now and realized that glimmer was not a glimmer at all but a deep, raging inferno. He swallowed again then caught his breath as she stopped less than six feet from him.
"What do you want Jansen?"
He blinked as he heard her voice for the first time and thought it sounded like a choir of angels. He swallowed again and pressed himself tightly into the corner. "I,.." he stammered and swallowed again. He looked down at the three coyotes; one silver, one black and one white and heard them growl, saw their sharp fangs and he swallowed hard before looking at the angel in front of him again. "I just wanted to make amends," he managed through his parched throat.
"Amends?" Sidney grated.
There was that voice again. Dan Jansen felt his heart pound in his chest. He nodded meekly. When her hand extended and she pointed toward the porch Jansen had the instant urge to get down on his knees and kiss the slender hand.
"Make amends to them," he heard her angelic voice demand and he looked at the box and saw two pair of innocent eyes blink at him. "You killed their mother."
Dan Jansen blinked back at the innocence before his gaze shifted to Sidney Lyndon again. Any fight he'd had in him drained away as did his desire to stand. Jansen felt himself sliding down along the wedge that was holding him and he sank to his haunches as his gaze hit the ground. "She was killing my cattle," he said in weak defense.
"You took away her hunting ground with your damned ranches," the woman snarled. "You forced her and all others like her into a corner. They did what comes naturally. They have to eat to survive. They were here first. It was their land. You stole it from them then had the gall to kill them when they couldn't survive on what you had left for them."
"I have to survive too."
"You can survive in the big city," Sidney shot back. "But it wasn't enough, was it? You had to come out to their land, you had to spread out and take over the countryside, taking away what was theirs." She took a step forward. The snarling coyotes matched her stride.
The man's gaze rifled up and widened as he saw the barred fangs and heard the throaty growls. He shrank back into the corner farther.
"How does it feel to be pushed into a corner Jansen?" She took another step forward. "How does it feel to have no place to go?"
Dan Jansen swallowed again then sighed and hung his head. "I'm sorry," he said feebly. Right at that moment, Dan Jansen felt as if he had been chewed out by the coyotes themselves; as if it were them telling him off. "I'm really sorry."
Sidney emitted a low, throaty sound then stepped back two paces. The coyotes matched her movement. "Get up and sit down on the porch. You'll help me feed the pups."
The dark haired man rose obediently and after a glance at the coyotes, Jansen moved along the railing to the break in it then ascended the steps and sank into the first empty chair he came to. Dan Jansen was not the kind of man who cared to take orders from anyone. But he knew he would gladly take orders from the angel with the blonde hair, with or without the coyotes flanking her. He dared a glance to see all three coyotes watching him. Their teeth were no longer showing but he could still hear a chorus of low throaty growls emitting from them. He looked at the man two chairs away to see him watching him intently.
"Welcome to Lyndon Logging," Scott said as his sister stepped up on the porch and disappeared into the house. He had watched the entire occurrence with both lightness and heaviness in his heart. He knew what Sidney was going through and he also knew what Dan Jansen was going through. He felt sorry for Jansen but knew he deserved what he had gotten. Scott had seen the expression on the man's face when he had first laid eyes on his sister and knew the rancher had fallen for Sidney Lyndon, hard. It was evident in his eyes, in his face, and in his voice. He wondered if his sister had seen it; was pretty sure she had. He doubted if she would have him helping her feed the pups if she hadn't. Although he had never seen the angry side of Sidney Southington Lyndon, he knew it was there. And, when it was kindled, as it was this evening, it was like a raging wildfire. There was no way to stop it. It had to burn out by itself. Scott heard his sister leave the kitchen and come down the hallway and he looked up as she stepped out onto the porch with two baby bottles in her hand.
"You'll feed Tip," she told Jansen and handed him one of the bottles. She went to the box that sat beside her brother's chair and met his gaze for a moment before she reached for the darker of the two coyotes. She turned and handed the pup to the man before taking the other that she had named Duchess. She gave her brother a small smile that melted the remaining anger from her expression before she sat down in the chair beside him. She laid the pup across her legs then laid her hand on its back gently before she lowered the nippled end of the bottle to its mouth. Her gaze slid to Jansen to see him watching her. "Do it just like I do," she told him succinctly then watched him mimic her actions. She nodded when the pup took the nipple and began sucking.
"I really am sorry Miss Lyndon," Dan Jansen repeated, his gaze on the mound of fluffy fur in his lap.
"Consider the subject closed Jansen. But if I ever find out you went out hunting coyote again I'll bring the whole pack and come after you."
The man's gaze rifled to the three coyotes that were still watching him. "Yes Ma'am."
Scott met Sidney's gaze and he smiled then gave her a nod then mouthed, "It's ok,"; something they still shared from their first times together. When she smiled at him Scott laid his hand on her arm and squeezed it tenderly then looked down at the pup she was holding.
Sidney looked at the three coyotes then emitted a low, throaty sound and watched them drop to their haunches where they were then lay down.
The man to her left gave her a quizzical glance then looked at the animals. Although they were still watching him, they were not in attack position now. He decided to chance a comment. "You are very good with animals Miss Lyndon." When her head swiveled and he saw that beautiful blue gaze his heart melted again but then he saw the fire was still in her eyes and he caught his breath and dropped his gaze to the pup on his lap. "I'm sorry," he muttered.
"Since you're so sorry you won't have a problem coming over every evening to help me feed the pups of the mother you killed will you Jansen."
"No Ma'am."
Scott turned his head and looked the other way to hide a smile. When he looked back he caught the look of his sister. The twinkle in her eyes told him she had seen Dan Jansen's reactions too.
Just then a deep, reverberating growl rolled up from the underbrush. Two of the occupants of the porch recognized the voice.
Dan Jansen's gaze shot to the far side of the yard and widened sharply. "That sounds like a..." He stopped when a massive black bear appeared near the outer rim of the yard. "Bear!" he snapped and was on his feet instantly, clutching the coyote pup in his hand.
"Sit down Jansen."
Dan Jansen looked at the massive black bear again then looked down at the pup. Why was she ordering him to sit there when there was a black bear less than twenty yards away? That was insane! They should get in the house where it would be safer.
"I said sit down. Feed Tip,” she ordered and watched the man sink to the chair and cradle the small coyote on his knees again. Sidney handed the pup she was holding to her bother. "Finish feeding Duchess for me Scott. I forgot about Tongo."
Scott smiled and took the pup and the bottle and after laying the pup across his legs, leveled the bottle at the gaping mouth.
When Dan Jansen saw the woman get to her feet his gaze lifted with her and he caught his breath when her beautiful blue gaze meet his.
"Don't move," she told him and saw his meek nod before she stepped off the porch. As Sidney moved between the three coyotes and started a slow, steady pace across the yard toward the bear Dan Jansen's eyes widened then shot to Scott. "What's she doing?"
"Watch,” Scott said. “And learn." He looked back at the blonde just in time to see her stop in the middle of the yard and he heard the low growl vibrate in her throat. Tongo's response came only a moment before the mass of fur bounded toward her. Scott heard Dan Jansen's gasp just before the bear pounced on Sidney, knocking her to the ground. And then the wrestling match was on. He chuckled as the pair rolled together then saw Tongo bury his snout in Sidney's side and heard her giggle before she grabbed him around the neck and wrestled him to his back. Scott glanced over at the other man on the porch to see his wide gaze locked on the wrestling match and his mouth hanging open. It was five minutes later when Tongo collapsed with exhaustion and Sidney plopped down at his side and cuddled against the massive beast.
"My God!"
Scott looked at Dan Jansen and smiled. "This is our evening entertainment."
"They do this every night?"
"It's usually more lively but it was interrupted tonight."
Sidney stopped at the foot of the steps with all four animals beside her. She perched her booted foot on the top rise. "Never seen friends wrestle Jansen?"
"Friends?"
She reached down and scratched the bear's ear. "Yes, friends. You do know the meaning of the word, correct?"
Scott smirked.
Dan Jansen sighed and nodded then looked down at the pup who was still sucking on a bottle that was now empty. "I think Tip's done eating."
Sidney rose onto the porch and took the pup from the man. She nuzzled her nose to his then released a soft throaty sound before she put him back in the box. She turned and extended her hand then took the bottle into the kitchen and rinsed it before returning to the porch. "You see Jansen," she said as she returned to the yard and stopped in the middle of the coyotes and bear. "There is room for all of us to live in this world." She looked at her brother. "I'll be back," she told him and, after releasing a low growl from her throat, spun on her heels and took off across the yard on a dead run with the three coyotes and the bear right behind her.
Scott nuzzled Duchess' nose then laid the pup in the box with her brother before he sat the empty bottle on the deck beside his chair. He looked at the man to see him watching the red blur that was moving up the distant slope at a fast pace.
"Is she always like that?"
Scott Lyndon looked at the distant form of his sister. "No," he said casually. "She's actually taking it pretty slow tonight."
"I didn't mean..."
"I know what you meant.” Scott met Dan Jansen’s gaze. “Whether you decide to take my advice or not Jansen is up to you. But, if you want to hang around my sister as we both know you do, then you need to gain a new respect for those she calls her friends."
"You know?"
Scott nodded slowly. "I know and," he paused long enough to look at the red blur that was already halfway up the north slope, tossing it a casual gesture. "So does she."
"I feel like such a fool."
"For which reason?"
"All of them. I came over here tonight to tell you that I won't be bothering you anymore. I planned on selling the ranch and moving back to the city. Country life is just too slow for me." His gaze wandered sideways and found the red spot on the hill. "Then I saw your sister. I fell head over heels in love with her on sight. When she spoke, I melted. I felt like hell when she lit into me, when she told me I'd killed those pups' mother." He looked at Scott Lyndon. "I felt as if the entire coyote population was chewing me out."
"You're not that far off base. Do you still plan on selling the ranch and leaving?"
Dan Jansen watched the red dot disappear behind a patch of dense underbrush. "I don't know if I want to after meeting Sidney. I don't think I could live without her." He bit his lower lip. "Have you ever felt like that about someone so soon after you met them?"
Scott looked toward the slope, watched the red spot flitter along the hill and smiled as his mind raced back ten years. "Yeah, I have."
"Any advice for a lovesick puppy?"
"Sid gave you the key to the door. What you do with it is up to you."
"What do you mean?"
"She told you that you'd come over every evening and help her feed the pups. If she didn't want you here, I assure you, you'd be gone already. One sound from her and those coyotes would have run you off the place."
"Does she actually talk to them?"
"Yes, and they respond too."
"That's remarkable," Dan Jansen commented.
Scott Lyndon smiled at the group that was racing across the distant hillside. "Yes, and that's Sidney. Remarkable."


The End
