Tale of the White Rock

Wizard War on the Magic Mountain - The Quest for Mount Qui

Wizard Quests of Island World Series: 
Chronicles of an Enchanted Land – Book I

A. E. Mableson



You can get the second book in this series, Time of Troubles, free at this link.




Description

Gwaum lusted to devour human flesh; Arii lusted for revenge. 
Born of fire and forbidden magic, the beast Gwaum roamed at will through Island World, ravaging and feeding as he wished. He devoured the boy Arii's family, but Arii escaped into the dark forest.
Arii’s uncle Nerza felt in his bones that something was wrong. His wizard staff in hand the great wizard set off to find the boy. He discovered the ruined cottage and bloodstained grass that told a story of horror and death. 
Nerza noted signs that someone may have escaped the carnage and escaped into the forest. The wizard followed the trail and rescued the boy. He took him in and trained Arii to be a wizard. Arii learned the lore of the wizards and became powerful. His training complete, he set off on his epic fantasy quest to destroy the creature Gwaum. But, strong as he was, was he a match for the powerful beast that he would confront? He would need help in his epic adventure to best the powerful creature.
The dark wizard Darnay birthed the evil monster. Using the power of the sun and the moon, he conjured up the powerful beast. His first meal of living human flesh ensured that nothing short of eating live victims would sate his evil appetite. Seeking to use the creature to control Island World, the wizard at first controlled the creature. Gwaum soon gained the upper hand and devoured his master, escaping into the vulnerable lands of Napoli. Soon, he toppled the Kingdom and began his rein, spreading terror and carnage over the land.
Adding to the terror, a band of Raiders arose in service to Gwaum. These neferious men traveled the land, capturing victims to feed thier master. Of the thousands they captured, only a small band led by Turson and Sali escaped. After many epic adventures found their way back to their home in Torne. Turson wondered who would help Island World escape from the evil creature conjured up by an evil wizard’s fantasy. 
Beset by barbarians in his native land, Prince Bearl led his people away. They sought refuge in a legendary paradise marked by a white rock capped mountain across the Encircling Seas. Many feared these were only the imaginary lands of an old man’s stories. Instead of paradise, they found a world infested with a bloodthirsty monster. Bearl despaired to find a safe haven for his people.
After many trials and adventures, the paths of these fantasy heroes cross. The epic legend of their story continues as Arii goes off alone to confront the creature. Bearl, sent by the wizard Nerza, followed along behind.
Their quests brought them to the lofty crest of Mount Qui, a mountain already steeped in an ancient magic. 
The Wizard Arii and Gwaum clash in battle atop the mountain. Gwaum prevails. 
The fate of Island World depends on the courage of Prince Bearl. The wizard and the warrior combined their strength against the terrible creature. Would it be enough?
The Tale of the White Rock is the first novel of the epic adventure fantasy series, Myths and Legends of Island World: Chronicles of an Enchanted Land. In this epic fantasy adventure series the powerful Wizards of the Golden Star rise. They use their magic and courage to battle the evil monster Gwaum. These epic tales relate this struggle as well as other threats to their homeland of Island World.



If you would like email notification of when new installments of
The Tales of Island World Series are available email the author for inclusion in the subscription list.
aemableson@gmail.com
Join A. E. Mableson on Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/aemablesonfantasy
On Twitter
@AEMableson
Mossy Feet Books





Tale of the White Rock
Published By A. E. Mableson
Copyright 2012 By A. E. Mableson
Smashwords Edition

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given way to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved.
All characters in this book are fictional and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.




Table of Contents 
Part I – Wizard of the Golden Star
Book 2 – The Rise of Gwaum
Book 3 -Promise of the White Rock
Book 4 - The Covenant
Map of Island World
The Works of A. E. Mableson
Sample Chapter – Chapter One – The Awakening
Next in the Series


Forward 
By the Author
The Tale of the White Rock is the first novel in the series Tales of Island World. It was the third one that I wrote, though. Originally, I envisioned a trilogy when I wrote The Pirate King. The trilogy would include that title, The Wizard King and the Quest of the King. After completing the novel, I realized that I had started in the middle of the story. 
Questions flitted in my mind. How did Gwaum originate? How did Arii become enshrined forever in the White Rock? How and where did the House of Vin, King of Acerland originate. 
The Tale of the White Rock answers those questions. I serialized Tale of the White Rock in four parts. The Wizard of the Golden Star, The Rise of Gwaum, The Promise of the White Rock and The Covenant combines into one novel. 
Time of Troubles, chronicles the turmoil that grips Island World as it awakens from Gwaum's nightmare. War and turbulence replace the darkness of fear as kingdoms jockey for dominance. 
The third novel in the beginning trilogy, Before the Storm, relates the activities of the evil wizard Gault. He plots to become Wizard King. His intrigues weaken the Covenant, thus paving the way for Gwaum to reemerge from his dormancy. 
Thus, with Tale of the White Rock the tale begins. 
I hope you enjoy my little story. A. E. Mableson


Map of Island World




Back to Table of Contents




Book 1 – The Wizard of the Golden Star
A. E. Mableson
Tale of the White Rock
Arii Escapes
A Question Asked, and a Question Answered
Trial by Water
A Request Granted
Mualla
Wizard of the Winds
A Great Wand for a Great Wizard
A Small Success
Wizard of the Encircling Winds
The Next Step
Wizard of the Eternal Flame
Cirile
Gwaum Strikes
First Steps
First Success
The Glade
Rebirth
A Message Waylaid
A Story Begun
Back to Table of Contents




Arii Escapes

The afternoon sun caressed the land with its golden rays. Beneath its watching eyes, a boy gathered red berries at the forest’s edge. His pail was almost half-full when he heard his mother’s call.
“Arii. Arii honey, it’s time to come home. Your father is here and dinner is ready.”
Arii paused and looked in his bucket. The berries’ fragrance nibbled at his nose. His mother made some of the best red berry pie in the valley. He glanced back at the cottage that stood at the edge of the meadow where he was gathering berries. He saw his mother looking for him, her hand shading her eyes as she scanned the meadow. When she sighted him, she waved and then she went back inside.
It took a full bucket of red berries for a pie. He did not have enough. He looked back at the patch he was standing in. Fresh red berries glistened in the sun inviting him to pick more. Overhead, he could hear the chatter of birds as they awaited his departure so they could resume their feast on the sweet fruit. Just a bit further on he could see a large clump of berries. That clump would finish his bucket. It would take just a few minutes more and he would have enough.
He worked his way further into the patch, the thorns tearing his clothes and scratching his bare arms and legs. He regretted not listening to his mother’s warnings to wear thicker clothing. But the weather was warm and he did not want to get hot and sweaty.
He reached the clump and filled his bucket. Arii was happy. The bucket was full. He turned to walk back to his home. The sound of crashing trees in the forest behind his home swept across the meadow. Arii watched in terror as a huge oak fell, splitting the cottage. His feet froze to the ground as a huge red monster stepped from the forest. A single, hungry eye bored into his as the creature stood towering over the meadow. He could see his mother, holding his baby sister, wriggle through a window. His father followed, looked up and stood between the monster and his wife and child.
A huge red hand reached down and grabbed at the man. He turned to flee, but too late, the hand clasped him. Arii could hear the crunching of his father’s rib cage as death cut off his scream. Blood flowed from his mouth. The monster raised the man, and with a single gulp, swallowed him. His mother backed away. Her foot caught on a log. She tripped. The monster caught her by the foot, and picked her up.
With upturned maw, he dangled the screaming woman over his head. The baby slipped from her grip and fell into the black, gaping mouth. The woman followed her child an instant later.
Terror engulfed the boy, freezing his breath and chilling his heart. The monster belched and then looked at the Arii. A smile played across Gwaum’s face and he began striding towards him.
Arii dropped his bucket of red berries. The bucket spilled, and the red berries stained the boy’s bare feet. He backed up, slowly at first and then he turned and ran. He could hear the giant feet of the monster thumping hard on the ground behind him. He ran faster and faster. He reached the trees and fled deep into the forest. The thumping behind him stopped, but Arii ran harder, flung on by his fear.
On and on he ran, until exhausted, he fell at the edge of a small stream. A huge log lay in front of him, dead and hollow. He crept into the log. The rotting wood was dank in his nose as it flaked away. White grubs, exposed from the disturbance, wriggled and burrowed deeper into the wood.
The sun fell. Darkness descended and the night sounds began. Narls howled in the distance. Arii pulled himself deeper into the log, tears of grief and fear falling from his eyes. Exhaustion crept upon him and he finally fell asleep. 

Morning dawned in the tiny hamlet of Jarna. Nerza awoke to the chirping of birds in the garden behind his stone cottage. A few people still clung to this village, so far from the Road of Terror. As the sleep left his eyes, Nerza sat up.
Yesterday he had heard the sounds of the monster Gwaum, far in the distance. For many years, he had not heard that sound.
Worry ate at Nerza. His sister, her husband and two young children dwelt in a cottage in a protected valley nearby. It was from that direction that he heard the sounds. 
He ate a sparse breakfast of hard cheese and bread. He took his snow-white staff with the golden star on the tip of the hilt and walked off down the road. He reached a small stream that marked the valley. He followed the footpath upstream. His path soon reached the clearing and meadow that marked his sister’s cottage. He stopped, horror flooding his soul as he saw the crushed cottage. He walked towards it. A bloodstain marked the ground near the cottage. The monster had fed.
Hot tears of grief filled his eyes and sobs erupted from his throat. He fell to the ground and beat it with his fists. Finally he stood. Something glinting in the sun at the edge of the meadow caught his eye. He walked towards it.
As he neared it, he could see that it was a metal pail lying on its side, its contents of red berries strewn across the path. He picked it up. He looked towards the forest. Broken branches and trampled wildflowers marked the path of someone fleeing into the forest.
He could see the larger footprints of the monster, which trailed towards the woods.  They appeared to follow someone who had escaped into the forest.
Nerza strode towards the woods. He noted that the huge footsteps stopped, then turned back into the meadow. Who ever it was that escaped was too small a morsel for a monster who had just fed on two adults and a baby.
Perhaps Arii had escaped. The boy loved red berries. Maybe the boy had picked red berries in the meadow and escaped into the woods. Nerza stepped into the wood. He could see that disturbed leaves on the forest floor, marking the passage of someone.
He noted the distance between the footprints. A child had fled this way. Hope arose in his breast.
Nerza paused and studied the terrain before him. It was summer, and the early spring flowers had faded. The leaf litter from the previous fall was rotting, turning to the mould that would nourish the soil. Tracking the boy would require more woodcraft than wizard craft. Nerza’s father had been a hunter and had imparted these skills, long unused, to Nerza when he was a boy.
He continued his trek through the wood, with an occasional pause to peruse the signs left by the fleeing boy. The trail ended near a stream that cut through the forest. Nerza again paused and looked upstream. Then he looked downstream. He crossed the small stream and searched for the trail to no avail. It had vanished. He returned to the spot where the trail stopped. Again, he studied the stream. The boy had apparently followed the stream. Which way did he go?
“Arii,” Nerza called. “Arii, are you here?”
The forest was silent.
A huge log by the stream’s bank beckoned him to sit and rest. Nerza sat down on the log to think. Silence engulfed him as he sat in the woods.
He became aware of a slight sound. He pricked up his ears. The sound seemed to flow around him. What was it and where was it coming from?
He stood up and glanced at the log. Was the log talking to him?
He walked to the end and saw that it was hollow. The log was big, as was the opening. It was big enough to hide a small child. He withdrew the wand from the handle of the staff. The end of the wand lit, emitting a soft light. He knelt and stuck the wand into the dark hole. Eyes glinted at him, glowing in the light. Then he saw a face. 
“Arii? It is your Uncle Nerza. Come out, boy. Don’t be afraid. You are safe.”
The whimpering stopped, and the boy crawled out, covered with the decaying wood of the tree and leaf fragments. A wriggling grub lay on his shoulder. Clothing torn and stained, he bore the dark smell of decaying wood. Nerza brushed the grub off.
“Uncle Nerza. Oh, Uncle Nerza.” The boy grasped the wizard around the shoulders. His sobs resounded through the forest. His tears stained Nerza’s shoulders. He held the boy for a long time, trying to comfort him.
The boy, with a voice thick with sorrow and fright, said, “Oh, Uncle Nerza, it was horrible. The monster broke our house. He killed momma and papa.”
“I know, Arii. I saw your house. I tracked you through the forest. I hoped against hope that you escaped and were safe.”
“We will never be safe, Uncle. Not as long as that horrible monster lives.”
His sobs returned.
Finally, Nerza pushed the boy away and studied his face. “You will come to live with me now, Arii. You will come with me to Jarna.”
“Will the monster come there, too? Will he eat us there?”
Nerza shook his head. “I have protected my house with a magic spell. Gwaum cannot see my house. He will pass us by.”
“Why didn’t you protect my house, Uncle?”
“I wanted to, Arii. Your father did not like wizards. He would not let me place any kind of spell. He thought the valley was safe.”
“But it wasn’t, Uncle. The monster found us. He killed them and ate them.”
“Yes, the monster did horrible things, Arii.”
Nerza stood. He took Arii’s hand. “It is time to go, Arii. We will go to my home. You will be safe there.”
He and Arii strode through the forest. Nerza took a different path. He followed the stream to its junction with the larger stream, and this he followed to the road. Then, holding Arii’s hand, they walked to his stone cottage near Jarna. In less than a day, Nerza’s role as uncle had changed to parent of a young, growing boy. He hoped that he was equal to the task.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents




A Question Asked, and a Question Answered

Men have a habit of rising to the task at hand. Nerza responded to the daunting duty of raising his nephew with zeal and an acumen that he could never have guessed he had.
The years flowed by and Nerza watched as the boy grew. He sat on the stone bench behind the cottage and watched Arii, almost twelve now, weed the garden. It was hot, and Nerza needed a rest. The apple tree that shaded him was already fragrant with ripening fruit. Bees hummed as they worked gathering their sustenance from the flowers in the garden. He took a drink of water from a stone jar that rested beside him. The water, still cool from its sojourn in the nearby well, refreshed him.
As he studied the boy’s movement, his mind worked.
He sensed a growing strength in the child. Destiny promised great things for the boy, but what that greatness was to be, Nerza could not tell. He had taught him a bit of magic that the boy had grasped well. He had the makings of a wizard. Was that where his fate lay?
“Arii, come here.”
Arii stopped and walked over to Nerza.
“Sit, Arii. I have some things to talk to you about.”
Arii sat down next to the wizard. “What do you want, Uncle Nerza?”
Nerza looked down into the inquisitive eyes.
“You are old enough to begin the studies necessary for wizardry, Arii. Would you like to do that?”
The boy nodded. “I would like that very much, Uncle.”
Nerza smiled and asked.  “Have you considered becoming a Wizard of the Golden Star?”
“Yes, Uncle, I would. The Wizards of the Golden Star are the most powerful wizards on Island World.”
Nerza stood, placed his hands on the boy’s shoulders and looked into his eyes. “It is a long, hard road, Arii. There is much study. You will be away from home for long periods of time.”
“Why, Uncle? Why must I go away?”
“To become a Wizard of the Golden Star, you must first attain the Rite of Investiture from each of four major orders of wizardry. I have already spoken to Moog, of the Order of the Encircling Waters. He has agreed to train you. He is a member of the nix clan which inhabits the Nehru River. He can begin your training here, in Jarna. When he completes your training you will have to travel far from home. Most of the wizards, save two, live in far countries.”
“If that is what I have to do to become a wizard like you, then I will do it.” 
Nerza studied the boy’s face, trying to read his eyes. There was more to this than he could discern. “Why do you want to be a wizard, Arii?”
The boy was silent a moment before answering. He scuffled his bare feet in the dirt under the bench. Finally he said, “The monster killed my momma and papa. He killed my sister. He must pay. If I am a powerful wizard, I can make him pay for what he did.”
Nerza pulled his hands from the boy’s shoulders. “The monster is powerful, Arii. Too powerful even for me. Even I, a Wizard of the Golden Star, must hide my dwelling with magic so he will not attack me.”
Arii looked into Nerza’s eyes. There was strength in those deep black eyes. He wondered at that time long ago and what he and the other wizards had loosed. He pushed the thought back into his memory as the boy spoke.
“I will study and learn, Uncle Nerza. I will learn magic from you, and the others who train me. I will become strong. I will become stronger than the monster. Then I will destroy him.”
Nerza became afraid. He did not wish to train the boy to go to his own death. That other memory surfaced. Had they made a mistake those many years ago?
He looked again into those eyes. Perhaps that was what he felt. Perhaps that was the boy’s fate. He sighed.
“Tomorrow morning we will go to the river. I will summon Moog. Then your training will begin.”
The boy smiled. “Good, Uncle. I want to get started.”
Arii jumped, returned to the garden and resumed his weeding. Nerza followed him. The day passed. They continued to tend the garden and the apple tree ripened its apples. His thoughts lay on that thing he and the other wizards created. They then moved to that other wizard, the one filled with evil. Nerza wondered if he truly was doing the right thing. 

The morning sun found the two standing on the bank of the river Nehru. Nerza watched the water as it flowed by. A fish smacked the top, grabbing some insect unfortunate enough to land near its watery lair. Fragrances of clear, running water and the moss-covered rocks filled the air. He glanced at Arii whose eyes were sparkling with anticipation.
Nerza withdrew his wand, stooped down and placed the tip in the water. He chanted a spell and then stood up. They would have to wait for Moog to answer the call.
They did not have to wait long. In the deep part of the current, a shadow appeared. The shadow broke the surface and the silver face of a nix emerged. He approached the bank, his feet struck the bottom, and he began to walk. When he reached the wizard and boy, he looked at Nerza.
“So you have the boy. Is he ready to learn the magic of the Order of the Encircling Waters?”
“Yes,” said Arii, before Nerza could answer. “I want to learn.”
The nix smiled. “I see he is anxious. That is the sign of a good student.”
“I can’t wait to begin,” said Arii.
“I will leave him in your capable hands, Moog,” said Nerza. “Train him well.”
Moog nodded and Nerza departed, leaving the nix and the boy standing on the riverbank.
Moog sat down in the water. “We nixes cannot abide on dry land very long. We can breathe the air, but our skin dries out. We must return to water periodically to refresh our bodies.”
“I have never seen a nix before. Are there many of you?”
Moog nodded. “We inhabit every large river and lake in Island World as well as the Encircling Seas. We do not allow humans to see us much, as they hate us and fear us. They try to kill us when they can.”
“What do I need to learn from you?”
Moog swirled his feet in the water and looked at the boy.
“The magic of our order is difficult for humans to learn. On dry land our powers leave us except for our telepathic powers. Immersion of some part of our bodies in water imparts the rest of our magic powers. It is for this reason that humans have difficulty learning our magic. Most humans hate and fear the water and cannot long abide under the surface.”
Moog paused as he submerged his head to breathe in the refreshing waters.
He reemerged. “We nixes do not talk underwater. We use mind talk. I will teach you how to do this.”
“When I learn that, can I read other people’s minds?”
Moog smiled. “No. You can only communicate with others who have the same skill. Their minds are open to you, but only to the extent that they wish to reveal them. A Wizard of the Golden Star will be able to detect you and communicate with you. You will also be able to communicate with any nixes that open themselves to you.”
Arii stepped into the water, feeling the rocky bottom with his bare feet.
“It will be best if you undress,” said Moog. “Clothing in the water will weigh you down. It is an unneeded encumbrance in our world.”
Arii got back on the bank and disrobed, laying his clothing on a rock near the waters. He stepped back into the waters and felt the cold water flow over his body.
He looked at the nix. “What else will I learn?”
“You will need to control your breathing and develop your lungs. Using our magic you will be able to hold your breath for long periods. During these underwater periods you will need to learn to slow your bodily functions down. It is important to learn to stay perfectly still, to increase the time that you can stay underwater.”
Arii nodded. “I can do that.”
Another smile played across Moog’s face. “It is not an easy skill to learn. You humans have a dread of water. You will have to fight your own impulses to stay under water for long periods. You will have to learn when you reach your limits. When the air in your lungs runs out, it will do so quickly. If you do not know when to surface, you will pass out and drown.”
The cold water was penetrating Arii’s body. He began to shiver.
“You will learn to control that as well, Arii. It will be a part of your training.”
“Is that all I need to learn?”
Moog shook his head. “No. You will learn another spell, a spell which is difficult and cannot be learned if you do not master the first two.”
“What is this spell?”
“You will have to sit on the river’s bottom and reach out with your mind. When you connect with an underwater creature, such as a fish, you will have to exert your control over it. You must force it to come to you and eat out of your hand.”
“That sounds difficult.”
“It is very difficult. Most wizards are only able to control a very small fish for a short period. If you master that skill, we will accept you into our order. You will then be one of us.”
Arii stood up. “I am ready to begin.”
“I see you do not daunt easily,” said Moog. “That is good. You will need courage and wisdom to complete your training. I see you have courage. We will find out if you have wisdom.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Trial by Water

Time, like the river Nehru, flowed by. Arii climbed out of the waters. The next day would be his fourteenth birthday and excitement swelled through the youth’s body. Two years of intense training were behind him. He stood on the riverbank and turned to look at the impassive face of Moog who was standing waist deep in the river. 
“Arii, your apprenticeship is at an end. Tomorrow you will face your test. You have done well so far, showing mastery of the skills I have taught you. At dawn, you will have the final test that will consist of three trials. If you pass all three, you will be eligible for the Rite of Investiture into the Order of the Encircling Waters. I will meet you here, when the day-star rises. Be ready.”
At this, Moog slipped beneath the water leaving the young man alone on the bank. 
Arii turned his steps towards his home, as he had done every other day of his training. The news would pleas Nerza, as it had been a difficult task, this learning the magic of the water folk.
His mastery of mind talking took a long time. Repeatedly he had managed to connect with Moog’s mind, only to have it broken by distraction, fear or loss of faith. Finally, he did it. 
If that seemed hard, learning to still his fears to submerge for ever longer periods was harder. Mastery of his body took many weeks. The fear of drowning almost overpowered his senses many times.  Finally, he was able to remain under water, sitting on the bottom watching the fishes swim past him. 
Combining the two skills took more time and much effort. The effort involved in performing the magic shortened his underwater time. This made connecting his mind to the creature difficult. Time after time he connected, only to feel the burning in his lungs force him to the top, his task unfinished.
After many days and many trials, he finally succeeded. His mind melded with a fish and he compelled the animal to swim in circles around him. He even fed from his hand as he watched a smile on his young face. 
A different situation loomed tomorrow. Three other Wizards of the Encircling Waters would be on hand to watch. If he made any mistakes or failed to complete any of his appointed tasks, they would vote him down. His dream of becoming a Wizard of the Golden Star crushed.
All his work and toil was on the line. Each day he labored under Moog’s direction. Each night he returned to Nerza’s cottage exhausted and hungry. He would eat and then fall into bed. Each day he had arisen early, and gone to the river before Moog came to fetch him.
He thought of the spell he devised and practiced in secret. It involved magic that Moog had not taught him, magic he had made up on his own. It was a dangerous spell, but if it worked, it would impress the judges. When they saw it, they would have to admit him. On his birthday, the judges would confer on him the Rite of Investiture of the Order of the Encircling Waters. He was sure of it.

He and Nerza were there, at dawn, waiting at the edge of the river. Four shapes emerged from the river. 
A thought from Moog nudged his mind. “Are you ready?” Arii looked at Moog and nodded, icy tentacles of fear clutching his bowels.
“I am ready.” He directed the thought towards the nixes, which smiled and bowed as he implanted the words.
“Greet your uncle.” 
Until this moment, Moog forbade Arii to use his skill with Nerza. He turned to face his uncle and he reached out with his mind.
“Will you come with me, Uncle Nerza?” 
The wizard nodded. “I will.” The thought, as it entered Arii’s mind, gladdened him.
He and Nerza disrobed and entered the water and they swam to a point in the middle of the river. 
“Below us lays the site of the examination,” said Moog. “You have passed the first test, demonstrating the ability to communicate with multiple nixes and a human.”
The nixes all nodded. “He has indeed passed the first test,” said one. “Let us proceed.”
They dove into the water. Down and down they swam until they found the bottom. Nerza felt the tug of the river’s current as it sought to carry him with it. 

Five rocks formed a circle on the bottom of the river. Nerza sat on one, and assumed a sitting position with his arms folded in front of him. He sat very still, his eyes focused on Arii, at the center of the circle of rocks. One of the nix wizards sat near Nerza and leaned towards him, seeming to whisper in his ears. 

Arii drifted down to the bottom and sat, his arms folded in front of him, his feet drawn up and tucked into his knee joints. He curled into a ball, reducing the amount of skin in contact with the cold water. With closed eyes, he sat for a long time, focusing his mind on slowing his bodily functions. He could feel his heart rate slow. The gentle beating became slow and regular. The pressure on his lungs eased as the demand for oxygen lessened. He concentrated on his blood, forcing it out, near the skin, forming a protective shield around his body. He felt his body warm. The risk of hypothermia diminished. Many minutes passed. The minutes stretched into an hour, and still Arii waited. His lungs were beginning to burn and the cold fingers of fear reached into his mind. Still he waited. Images began to form in his mind. Then it seemed a huge black hole opened in front of him. He felt himself drawn into that hole. Finally, he felt the touch on his mind he had hoped to find. 
“You have passed the second test, Arii. Now it is time for you humans to rest. You will surface and return to your uncle’s home. Return when the daystar stands directly overhead.”
Arii unbent himself and felt the stiffness of his joints. He and Nerza surfaced and returned to the shore. Arii lay a long time on a rock by the shore. His lungs could not drink in the air fast enough. At last, he recuperated. 
He looked at his uncle and asked, “How is it that you are not exhausted? You were down there as long as I.”
His uncle smiled. “There are still some mysteries for you to unfold, Arii. The nixes have ways of preserving life in us surface dwellers. It is something you will discover in time.”
They walked in silence to the road, then to Nerza’s stone cottage. “You have done well, Nephew.”
The words touched Arii’s mind. He reached out to his uncle’s mind. “Thank you, Uncle Nerza.”
They entered the cottage. Arii kindled a fire while Nerza retrieved some cold roasted lerfs from the storage pail in the well near the garden. They heated the lerfs and nibbled on greens that Nerza had gathered the previous evening.
“You have not told me much about my parents, Uncle.”
“It has pained me to speak of your mother, Arii. We were close until she married your father. He did not like wizards so he did not like me. Her death created darkness on my soul that I did not wish to explore.”
“Tell me about my mother. I was so small when she died, I do not remember much about her. Her face is fading from my memory.”
Nerza got up and removed the pan containing the lerfs. The water steamed when he removed the lid, releasing the savory fragrance of the roasting meat. 
“You come from a long line of wizards, Arii. Your mother was of the Exalted Order of Healers, as was our mother. Your father forbade her from practicing her craft. Our father was a member of the Order of the Winds. Our grandparents were wizards, also. Our grandfather, Calan, was of the Order of the Golden Star.”
“Why was my grandfather not also of that order?”
Nerza took a bite of the hot meat and chewed slowly. His eyes were thoughtful from memory. “Your grandfather almost drowned when he was young. He carried a fear of water his entire life. He could not endure the training of the Order of the Encircling Waters. Because of that, he could never be a member of the Order of the Golden Star.”
“Are there other wizards in our family?”
“I have a sister-in-law in the town of Cleery, at the mouth of the Nehru River, where it pours its waters into the sea. She will be your last stop on the way to becoming a Wizard of the Golden Star.”
“I have an aunt?”
“Not exactly. She was my brother’s wife, your uncle, many years ago. He died in a hunting accident. She remarried, but Gwaum took her second husband.”
“Why will she be the last?”
Nerza glanced at Arii. “I have my reasons.”
He got up and walked to the window. “The sun is at zenith, Nephew. We must return to the river.”

Again, they sat at the bottom of the river, with Arii in the center of the watching nixes. Nerza sat behind him, and again a nix wizard sat near and leaned towards Nerza. 
Moog arose and looked into Arii’s eyes. “It is time for the last trial. You must now cast a spell on a water creature. You must force it to eat from your hand.”
Moog swam over to Arii and extended his hand, placing a small dead fish in his palm.
Arii stood and looked about and finally located the object of his search. A group of smooth skinned bristlefish lay on the river bottom, heads facing upstream. Arii directed his mind to the closest one, a huge fish. He felt himself enter the creature’s brain. In a moment the fish began to stir, then arose from the bottom, raising a swirl of mud as it swam towards Arii. It entered the circle of nixes and stopped in front of the boy. 
Arii extended his hand and opened the palm. The fish, with an intake of water, vacuumed the fish from Arii’s hand.
“That is good Arii. The trial is over. It is time for the gathering to vote.”
The effort of the spell had drained energy from Arii’s body. He began to feel the burning in his lungs which indicated that his time underwater was about to end. 
Now it was time for the final touch. It would be a spell that would cement his chances of admittance to the order.
He reached out and touched the fish. He focused his efforts. There was no turning back now that he had started. He could feel the beginning of the blackness. This was draining the last oxygen from his system. He could not last longer. Then he saw it. A bubble of air began to form behind the fish’s gills. It grew as the fish worked its gills harder. It was now large enough for Arii to climb on the fish’s back. He inhaled air. He had done it. He had forced the fish to breathe for two, and to form an air bubble for him to breathe. Now he commanded the fish to swim. The fish swam downstream a short distance. Arii commanded the fish to return. The fish stopped, and slowly turned about. He rode the fish back to the center of the circle of nixes, who were staring at him with surprise in their eyes.
He looked at his uncle. Fear coursed through his body. As he finished his trial, the nixes had started to ascend to the surface. So surprised were they by Arii’s magic, Nerza was forgotten. Seeing Arii perform this last bit of unexpected magic drained the oxygen from Nerza’s lungs. He, unseen by the nixes, began to float downstream. Nerza’s eyes were open, bubbles beginning to sputter from his mouth and nose. None of the nixes looked at Nerza. They were unaware of his peril.
Arii commanded the fish to swim towards his uncle, caught by the current and drifting downstream. Arii neared his uncle’s body and reached out. He caught his hair and pulled him into the protective envelope of air. Nerza gasped and his eyes opened. 
“Do not let go, Uncle,” said Arii. “We must ride to the surface where we will be safe.”
The bristlefish, at Arii’s command, swam upwards, followed by the four nixes. They broke the surface. The fish slipped away. The nixes grasped the boy and the man and pulled them towards the shore. The uncle and nephew clambered ashore and both collapsed face down on the huge rock on which their clothing lay.
Out in the water, the huge bristlefish drifted on the surface of the water, working its gills rapidly as it regained its strength. After several minutes, the fish, with a splash as its tail broke the water, dove back down into the depths. 
Arii rolled over, and the sun glared in his eyes. He could see the face of Moog staring down at him.
“Where did you learn that spell?”
Arii sat up, water running down his face and dripping off his chin. “I made it up. I used portions of things you taught me and made up the rest.”
“That is amazing. No human has ever done anything like that before.”
Nerza sat up and stared at his nephew. “It seems you saved my life, nephew. That was an incredible work of magic.”
“Does that mean I have passed the trial?”
Moog glanced at the assembled nixes. “It is time to vote.”
The three all nodded in agreement. 
“You have each already chosen your pebbles. A white pebble indicates the applicant has passed. A black pebble denotes failure.”
Moog held his hands cupped together and walked to one judge at a time. Each chose a pebble and dropped it into Moog’s clasped hands. When the last pebble fell, Moog walked back over to Arii. He opened his hands. Three white pebbles glistened in the sun. Arii had passed the trial.
Moog faced Arii; his hands pressed together, palms touching. “Tomorrow when the day-star rises, we will meet at this spot. We will go again to the place of testing for the Rite of Investiture. You have done well, young student.”
At this, the nixes descended beneath the waves and disappeared, leaving the uncle and nephew naked on the rock. 

One last time, Arii stood in the circle of stones in the murky water of the river. He felt almost that he was in his natural element. 
Moog stood before his student. “We will keep this short.” The words entered his mind. “You humans have had a difficult day under water. Your endurance is less and it weakens your bodies.”
“Clasp your hands in front of you,” said Moog.
Arii did as Moog commanded. The nixes gathered about him. Each placed his right hand on Arii’s clasped hands. 
“We find that the applicant has satisfied all the requirements of the Order of the Encircling Waters. The Wizards of the Induction Assembly hereby admit the applicant into our exalted order at the level of Master of the Waters.”
Arii looked at Moog in surprise. “Master of the Waters?”
Moog nodded. “You have demonstrated a level of magic which surpassed Apprentice. We have decided to ignore precedent and elevate you to a level never achieved by a human. You are now one of us. As a token of your investiture, we give you this.”
Moog handed him a clear vial, secured to a silver chain.
“What is this, Moog?”
“It is a vial filled with the waters of all the rivers of Island World as well as waters from the Encircling Sea. Take it as proof of your induction into our order.”
Arii smiled and bowed. The nixes smiled and bowed in return.
At this the circle broke. Arii was now a member of the Order of the Encircling Waters. 
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Request Granted

The sun was casting long shadows as it descended towards the western horizon. Nerza opened the door to the cage that housed his prized flock of yuhma birds. The birds fluttered towards the door, cooing in anticipation. Nerza did not disappoint them as he emptied his wooden scoop of grain into the feeding bins. He stepped back and watched the birds peck at the grain.
The training and use of yuhma birds was a specialty of Nerza’s. The birds had a peculiar ability to find their home, even if released hundreds of miles away. The wizard had taken advantage of this ability and developed it further. Through training and a special form of magic he had, developed Nerza could use the yuhma birds as a communications system. He could send a bird to a person anywhere on Island World. The bird would find the recipient and deliver the message. The recipient could then write a reply and tie it to the bird’s leg and release it and the bird would return home. The only weakness in his system was that Nerza had to know the person he to whom he sent it. It was a good system and it had served him well during this time of Gwaum’s dominance of Island World.
He glanced at the setting sun. Arii would be returning home soon. He was proud of the boy and his achievement. A couple of months had passed and summer was waning. Nerza had let the boy enjoy his new skills and rest from his endeavors. The lad spent so much time in the river, riding that bristlefish and spending time with the nixes, he expected the boy to try to grow gills.
He smiled at the thought, but time was passing and he wanted to get the boy to his next mentor before winter. A shadow passed overhead, and he looked up. The bird he had sent out a few days ago was returning with his answer. The bird circled twice and descended. Nerza held his hand up, index finger extended. The bird lit on his finger and cooed in greeting.
“Ahh, little Brin, you have returned. Let us see what answer you have brought to me from Nahru.”
As he untied the leather cord that secured a note to the bird’s leg, he heard footsteps behind him. He turned to see Arii, a smile on his face, running towards him.
“Uncle Nerza, Moog has consented. He will grant my request.” 

Arii loved the time he got to spend underwater and the bristlefish was a perfect mount. The spines that extended from each side of the fish’s mouth were ideal places to hold on to the fish. He had fashioned a sort of saddle for the fish that he could fasten to the back with a strap. The saddle held the dorsal spine down and had another strap with which Arii could fasten himself to the fish. He could unbuckle the saddle quickly to release himself from the fish when it became exhausted.
After about an hour, the effort would exhaust the fish and Arii would then release the saddle and swim to the surface. During this time, he joined in games with the young nixes while they cavorted in the river. He made many friends among the nixes and the word of his presence among them spread throughout the various clans of nixes. Cerna, a young nix about Arii’s age, and he became best friends. Together they shared many underwater adventures.
His mentor, Moog, watched the young human as he swam among his kind. 
This lad was a unique human and he trusted him in a way that he never trusted humans before. Nixes and humans did not intermix much. There had been unions from which hybrid children had been born. Nixes usually tried to avoid humans as much as possible, though. The humans feared the nixes, thought them monsters and tried to kill them when they saw them. This created a fear of men among the nixes and nixian attacks on humans were not unknown. There was much enmity between the two races.
Arii noticed that the water was darkening, a sign that the day star was waning. His fish was showing signs of tiredness, so soon he would have to return to the surface. He watched Moog approach. He noted the look on his face and he knew. He was granting his wish.
Moog swam to the boy and swam beside him. Their minds touched.
“I have given your request much thought, Arii. We nixes have discussed it and we have agreed. Tomorrow we will allow you to visit our city. Something we have never done for a human.”
Arii smiled. “Oh, Moog, that is great.”
A rare smile touched the nix’s face. “Tomorrow at the rise of the day-star, come to the river. You will not need your fish.”
“But how will I be able to spend much time in your city without my fish? I cannot breathe underwater.”
Again, Moog smiled. “There are still some mysteries about us nix wizards that you do not know. Tomorrow I will reveal another of our secrets.”
With this, Moog swam off, leaving Arii to his thoughts. He reached under the fish and released the saddle. In a minute, he was bobbing at the surface. He swam to his rock, climbed out and dressed.
Then he scaled the bank to the road and ran to his uncle’s house.
His uncle Nerza would be tending his birds, so Arii ran along the house to the garden and grassy area behind the house.
He saw his uncle, a yuhma bird on his finger and a small, rolled up parchment in the other. His uncle heard him and turned. When he saw Arii, his face lit in a smile.
“Uncle Nerza, Moog has consented. He will grant my request,” cried Arii. “He will take me to their underwater city tomorrow. I get to see where the nixes live.”
The smile on his uncle’s face grew broader. “That is good news, Arii. You have wanted this for a long time.”
Arii nodded in excitement. “I finally get to see where my friends live. He told me I don’t need my fish. How will I live underwater long enough to see their city?”
Nerza turned to put the bird that occupied his finger in the cage. He closed the door to the cage and said, “Moog has a surprise for you, so I will not spoil it. There are things about the nixes that you will learn. They are a surprising folk, the nixes are. There is much that I do not know.”
Arii looked at the parchment that Nerza was unrolling. He waited for the wizard to read it.
“What is it, Uncle? What does it say?”
“It is a reply from the wizard Zaleb Toone, in Nahru. He is a Wizard of the Order of the Winds. He has consented to mentor you and teach you the ways of that order.”
Arii studied his uncle’s face. “Nahru,” he said. “Where is that?”
“It is far away in the kingdom of Naul.”
“I don’t want to go far away, Uncle Nerza. I want to stay here, with you and my friends.”
Nerza looked into Arii’s eyes. “You will have a lifetime here, at this stone cottage after your training, if you wish. But if you want to become a Wizard of the Golden Star, you will have to go to Nahru. You have to learn the ways of the Order of the Winds.”
“I do want to become a member of your order, Uncle. I did not think I would have to go so far away.”
“I don’t want you to go either, Arii, but you must if you want to enter my Order. Gwaum has devastated all Island World and the people are in hiding. Our numbers decrease as the monster feeds on us.”
“All the more reason for me to become a great wizard,” said Arii. “I will destroy him.”
Nerza studied Arii’s face, noting the determination there.
“You should not let your hatred of Gwaum drive your ambition, Arii. Hatred is a dangerous thing.”
“The monster killed my parents and my sister. He kills people all over our land. Someone has to destroy him, or he will destroy us. I mean to become a powerful wizard. I mean to destroy Gwaum.”
Nerza saw the determination in Arii’s eyes. Before, he had thought Arii’s quest was impossible. The lad had a natural talent for magic. He had an inner power that Nerza had never felt before. Nerza had caught glimpses of that power. It was a fearsome power. That type of power had existed in ages past, but that power had not been benevolent. Island World had suffered greatly from it. Gwaum’s presence was proof of that.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Mualla

The excitement Arii felt grew as night fell. He slept little and arose early, well before the sun. He walked to the river and awaited the arrival of Moog in the darkness. The stars kept a silent vigil as a gentle breeze played across the river valley. The mists that played across the flowing waters carried the perfume of the flowers that grew along the river’s bank. Arii drank in the morning with all his senses, his young soul singing with anticipation.
A glow lit the eastern horizon as the sun approached, ready to begin its trek across the Island World sky. Low-lying clouds, illuminated by the nearing sun, cast a magnificent palette of colors across the morning sky. A dark shape appeared in the waters off shore, and Moog emerged from the waters.
“Are you ready to begin your journey?” the nix asked as he stood before the waiting boy.
Arii nodded, his face glowing with excitement.
“Then climb on my back, and we will begin.”
Arii gave Moog a questioning look, and then did as the nix bade him. Moog turned and entered the water. As the waters enveloped Arii’s face, a bubble emerged at the back of Moog’s gill slits. The bubble grew until it encased Arii’s head.
“You can do as I made the fish do.” Arii cast the thought into Moog’s mind.
“Yes. It is one of our Order’s skills, the ability to sustain life for two under the waters. You, because you do not have gills, cannot master one. It is how we sustained you uncle during your trial.”
That riddle solved, Arii settled in to enjoy the rest of his trip.
“Where are we going?” asked Arii.
“We are going to the nix city of Mualla, at the mouth of the Nehru River.”
“Why is it so far away?”
Arii could feel the question working its way into the nix’s mind.
“Nixes do not need cities in the same way that humans do. Most of us do not dwell there. “
“Where do you live?”
“We live individually, or as families or clans in small natural caverns or homes that we have dug in the river’s bottom.”
Arii asked, “How is it that I have never seen one of your homes?”
“Our homes we consider sacred. Seldom do we allow visitors into our abodes. Our cities are trading places and sites for our festivals. We will visit Mualla during the time of the Summer Star Festival. It is a wondrous thing to see.”
The murky waters sped past Arii’s eyes. The nix navigated through schools of fish, which swirled and danced out of his way as he swam. Arii could see the occasional dark outline of a boat overhead, and its shadow cast on the river’s bottom. The river grew broader and deeper as they progressed.
Moog stopped and pointed. “There, see that opening in the river’s bottom?”
Arii could see a dark crevice from which issued a constant stream of nixes entering and exiting the fissure.
“It is quite busy,” said Arii.
“The festival attracts nixes from all over Island World. You will see Mualla at its best.”
Without another word, Moog plunged into the crevice. Instead of darkness that Arii expected, they now swam in a large cavern illuminated by a soft, silver iridescence. They emerged into a huge plaza, surrounded by giant orbs that radiated the silver light, bathing the plaza in its magic glow.
Arii looked with wonder on the glowing orbs. “What is the source of the light?”
“In the oceans there are clouds of organisms which glow with their own phosphorescence. We gather these creatures and keep them in crystal globes. They emit their light, illuminating our cities.”
As Arii gazed at one, the crystal glowed from the light of the creatures held within. It was not a steady light, like the sun or moon. Instead, it shimmered, with bands of lighter areas snaking across dimmer sections. It was a magical site.
Nixes were swimming everywhere in his huge plaza which had several divisions.
“Over there is the Mualla Marketplace. It is always busy with merchant nixes from the Nehru and other areas of Island World.”
“Take me there,” said Arii.
Moog swam into the marketplace. He could see exotic fishes offered for sale, as well as other creatures he did not know. Other nixes offered exquisite jewelry adorned with shells, gems and stones.
He saw tapestries that displayed ornate patterns formed by colorful shells, stones and gems.
The myriad colors and workmanship of the jewelry, tapestries and other offerings dazzled Arii.
“Now we will go to the festival,” said Moog. They swam towards the center of the plaza. In the center a huge column stood. It was not a stone column, Arii was certain. It glimmered with a myriad of colors that seemed to move in cadence to some unheard music.
“What is that column, and why do the colors move?”
“In the deeps of the sea many strange creatures dwell,” said Moog. “Small creatures of many colors compose this column. The light from a Sea Lamp in the center irradiates these creatures. They swim in response to the music.”
“What music?” Then Arii saw a group of nixes whose hands and feet moved in unison, each with a grace not seen in land creature. “What are those nixes in the center doing?”
“Nixes love music and dance. The nixes in the center are musicians. The others gathered around are dancing to the melody they are playing.”
“But I cannot hear any music,” said Arii.
“That is because I am blocking it from you,” said Moog. “Nix music is music of the mind. For you to listen to its full intensity would be fatal. Its passion would overwhelm you.”
Arii watched the dancers and the musicians for some time. “I wish I could hear it,” he said.
Moog glanced at Arii. “I will allow some of the composition to come through. You will be the only human to ever hear nix music.”
Arii was aware of a growing hum in his mind. The hum became a melody, a pleasing song, happy and full. He found himself wanting to dance free of Moog’s constraints. He wanted to be like those nixes, swaying and cavorting in the waters.
He almost let go of Moog, who grabbed at him and pulled him back. “I am providing you with more than air,” he said. “We are deep in the water, deeper than your body can endure. The water pressure here would damage your body and kill you. Do not let go of me.”
Moog continued Arii’s tour. He showed him the Crystal Chambers, a huge edifice constructed of crystal.
“It is where our people gather to talk of important matters in the nix world. We make many important decisions here, negotiating wars, trading rights and other matters.”
Arii saw that and many other wonders offered by the nix city of Mualla.
Moog sensed Arii’s tiredness. “It is time for me to take you back to your home,” he said. “The daystar wanes and your uncle will worry.”
Arii gazed one last time at the glowing city in the cave as they swam through the opening and reentered the river. “Can I come back someday?”
Moog nodded. “You may, young wizard, when you have completed your studies and are a full Wizard of the Golden Star, we will honor you here, in our city. You are well-known now among the nixes and they will be happy to welcome you.”
Moog deposited a tired and happy Arii along the river’s edge.
“Thank you Teacher for showing me your city. I will always remember it.”
Moog folded his hands in front of him and bowed.
“It was a pleasure to show you our city,” he said. “It is my hope that nixes and humans can live together in peace. Maybe this is the first step.”
Moog turned and reentered the waters. Arii watched as the nix disappeared from sight. He turned to see Nerza standing at the edge of the forest, watching him. It reminded him of his next step, the journey to the land of Naul and his apprenticeship to the wizard Zaleb Toon.
He contrasted the magnificent city he had just seen with the scattered, fearful towns the humans of Island World. Gwaum’s dominance did not extend to the water folk. They were free to build wonderful cities and not fear the monster’s ravages.
He felt the resolve harden within him. He would go to Naul and learn. He would complete the rest of his training and become a powerful wizard. Then he would destroy Gwaum and free the land. Then humans would be free to build cities and live without fear. 
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Wizard of the Winds

A week’s travel brought the wizard and the boy to the Mountain of Seven Rivers. Arii stood on the summit of the mountain and surveyed the scene below him. Autumn was preparing her palette and had already touched the leaves of the forests below. The sun stood at zenith. A gentle breeze blew against his cheek. It drove the pure white clouds before it, like huge white ships sailing on a blueberry stained sky. The wind, tinged with autumn’s fragrance, caressed his face.
“It is beautiful here, Uncle,” he said.
“This is the most beautiful spot on Island World,” said Nerza. “I have traveled many places and I love this spot the most.”
Arii turned in a circle, his eyes soaking up the sight. “There are seven rivers, indeed, Uncle.”
Nerza nodded. He pointed north. “There flows the Meroon River. It flows through the northlands, the land of Ghrond. To the east, you can see the Groar River. It traverses the Barnish Highlands. To the east, you can see the Ice Mountains. Beyond them lies the ancient Kingdom of Napoli, now the land of Gwaum.”
Arii gazed to the east. “Those mountains are tall. Yet they do not protect us from the monster.”
“Nothing protects us from Gwaum.”
“Where did Gwaum come from, Uncle?”
Nerza sat on a rock and stretched his legs. “That is a tale you are not yet ready for, Nephew. When you have completed your training, I will tell you. It is a tale of evil magic and tragedy for which you are not ready.”
Arii continued gazing at the immense, snow-capped mountains. “Just over those mountains the monster awaits. What of the Kingdom of Napoli, Uncle? Has Gwaum destroyed it all?”
“It is said by the Barnish who inhabit these regions that a thick, red dust covers the land. They say only the White Rock has escaped Gwaum’s power.”
“What is this White Rock, Uncle Nerza?”
Nerza stood up and stood by Arii’s side. “It is the highest point in the Ice Mountains and it is the purest of whites. Legend says that the rock has some magical power that protects it from the monster. The River Fleet springs from its base and flows through the land. But now the river is fallen from its glory, and is just a reeking ditch filled with stinking red muck.”
Arii’s eyes now wandered to the south. He could see the Nehru River, whose course they had followed. Torne was beautiful in the noon sun. To the southeast, he could see the courses of two rivers. He asked, “What are those rivers?”
“The western one is the Nonn, and it flows south through the tropical land of Nuckland. The eastern one, the Firth, flows at the edge of the desert. It ends in the Kwauel Marshes before flowing into the Encircling Sea.”
Nerza then pointed to the northeast. “That river is the Meme. It follows a rocky course through the mountains. I have never been that way. It has always been a wild, uninhabited land, even before Gwaum.”
To the east, Arii could see the beginnings of the desert country. A thin, blue line, hidden at times by shrubby trees and undergrowth that lined its banks, meandered through the dunes.
“Is that one our path?” Arii indicated the river with a wave of his hand.
Nerza nodded. “We follow the Aeol River as it passes through the desert until we reach Naru on the coast. That is the home of Zaleb Toon, my old, and your future, mentor.”
“Have you visited these lands, Uncle Nerza?”
Nerza again sat down on a boulder. “I have visited most of them in my youth, when, like you, I was completing my training. Only to Ghrond have I not been. Nor have I visited the devastated land of Napoli. No one goes there, except an occasional Barnish explorer. Some of these never return.”
“What sort of man is Zaleb Toon?”
“He is a good teacher, but he will be tough. You will again have three trials to complete to qualify for Investiture. It is not easy, nor will it be fast.”
“Will you stay with me while I train?”
Nerza shook his head. “I will stay a short while, but I must get back to my home before winter. I will keep in touch with you by yuhma bird.”
“How long will I be there?”
“It will take almost two years for you to prepare for the trial. There is much to learn.”
“I will miss you,” said Arii. “I will miss my nix friends.”
“They will all be there when you return,” said Nerza with a smile. He looked at the sun, now half way down to its rendezvous with the western horizon.
“We will continue down to the river. There are some old diamond mines there. We can camp for the night on the bluff above the source of the river and in the morning we will continue our journey.”
Arii arose and put the pack back on his back, then followed Nerza as he descended the trail that led down the mountain. 

Arii watched as Nerza’s figure disappeared into the distance, leaving him alone with Zaleb Toon. Arii had liked Zaleb as soon as he met him. He understood why Nerza undertook the journey to bring him here, to this wizard.
“Your uncle is a great wizard,” said Zaleb. “I have mentored many wizards over the years and he was my best student.”
“Have you mentored any more which became Wizards of the Golden Star?”
A vigorous shake of the head answered Arii’s question. “The rigors of becoming one of that Order are many. A few have undertaken the training, but few finish. And since the arrival of Gwaum, fewer still are there who try.”
“Uncle Nerza says I am not ready to learn the story of Gwaum.”
Zaleb nodded. “Even I do not know the full story. It is a story of forbidden magic and treachery. Few know it. It involves a member of the Order of the Golden Star who touched evil. It involved your uncle. He will tell you when he sees fit.”
The two turned and walked back inside Zaleb’s dwelling beside the river.
Arii looked at the river through the window that overlooked it. “Are there nixes in the river?”
Zaleb smiled. Nerza had told him of Arii’s fascination with the race. “There are nixes there, indeed. Nerza has told me of your prowess with their magic. He said that they inducted you as a Master of the Waters. That is a level never attained by a human.” 
Arii blushed. “I was fortunate. Moog was an excellent teacher who taught me well.”
“It is my task to keep you focused on learning our magic. You will have little time for nixes while you are in my keep.”
He ladled some stew that was simmering in the hearth into two clay bowls and handed one to Arii.
Arii blew across the bowl to cool it, and then asked, “Uncle Nerza has never told me all that your Order commands.”
“Our magic entails the winds and the creatures that live in it.”
“Can you control the weather?”
Zaleb laughed. “No, our magic is not as powerful as that. We can control the winds and the air around us. You will learn to channel the air and command the birds and other creatures found riding the wind.”
“Will it help me defeat Gwaum?”
Zaleb glanced at Arii as he spooned a bit of stew into his mouth. He studied the young man as he chewed and swallowed. “Your uncle told me of your wish to destroy Gwaum. Be careful of the monster. He is more powerful than any wizard who has ever walked Island World. He has killed wizards who tried to oppose him. Your uncle is among those who have fought him.”
“Uncle Nerza has never told me that.”
“It was long ago. He will tell you when he is ready. When it comes to Gwaum, do not be rash. The wish for revenge is part of the evil side of magic. Beware of those forces. They can do much harm.”
“He killed my family.”
“He destroyed most of mine, too.”
Arii looked at Zaleb, questions in his eyes.
“It was I who discovered your uncle’s potential. Our family used to live in Torne, near the village your family lived. I had a wife, daughter and a son. The monster came upon us and destroyed our cottage. He killed my wife and my children. I fled here, to Naru, to get away from his ravishes.”
“So the monster does not come here?”
“Yes, but not as often as he ravages Torne. Here we are further away. Gwaum has decimated Torne and is ranging further and further from his home in Napoli. He visited Nahru some years ago and left it a smoldering wreck. Many died and most fled. Nowhere is safe on Island World. He goes everywhere.”
“How did you discover that my uncle was to become a Wizard of the Golden Star?”
“We were neighbors. His father sent him to me for training as a Wizard of the Encircling Winds. He excelled in his lessons, much as you have. I sent him to the nixes in the river for training. He has fulfilled all our expectations.”
“Who trained him into his order?”
Zaleb finished his stew and leaned back in his chair. His eyes fastened on the lad who sat opposite him. “You are full of questions. That is a story your uncle must tell you. He has not told even me of that ordeal.”
“Ordeal?”
“The wizard who trained him was a terrible, evil man. But that was not known to us when we sent him to him.”
“Who was this wizard?”
Zaleb stood and walked to the window and watched as the river flowed by. “I will not discuss this wizard. His own handiwork killed him. I will say no more about him. That is a story your uncle must tell you but not until you are both ready for it. It is a miracle that your uncle did not turn to evil, himself.”
Outside the world was dimming, the sun was setting. He turned to look at Arii.
“You should ready yourself for bed. Tomorrow we will start early and you will need your rest. I will begin readying myself. I need to study my books and scrolls. I must decide upon a course of study, which I did not want to do until I talked with you.”
At the dismissal, Arii stood up and placed his bowl by the washbasin. After cleaning his bowl, he went into his bedchamber. Exhaustion clogged his mind and already he missed Nerza. He worried about his training. After a time, he slept.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Great Wand for a Great Wizard

Zaleb was preparing breakfast when Arii arose and walked from his bedchamber. A fire crackled in the hearth while a teapot whistled, and soon the rich aroma of fresh brewed tea wafted across his nose. The sun was just peeking over the horizon, illuminating the treetops on the riverbanks across the river.
“Ah, young master, you have arisen,” said Zaleb as he glanced at Arii.
Arii walked to his side and stirred the pan of sliced meat that was sputtering and spitting in the hot grease. “I am sorry. I guess I overslept a bit.”
“No matter,” said Zaleb. “The day is still young.”
“What will we do today?”
“After we have breakfasted, you will have to find a wand.”
After the meat cooked Arii began pulling it from the pan with a fork and piling it on a platter. Zaleb cracked some eggs and slipped them into the hot grease. The eggs spit and sputtered. The edges began turning white as they fried.
Arii picked up a spatula and waited for them to harden so he could turn them. “Where will I find my wand?”
“The thickets near the river have many trees and that is where you must search.”
“How will I know what to choose?”
Zaleb plucked the cooked eggs from the pan with the spatula. He placed them on top of the meat and carried the platter to the table. They sat down to eat.
Zaleb glanced across the table as he filled his plate. “It will not be easy to choose. You must examine many trees, place your hands on them and listen to them. When you find your correct choice, the tree will speak to you.”
Questions filled Arii’s eyes as he looked at Zaleb. “Trees cannot talk.”
“Ah, but the trees do talk if you know how to listen.”
“How do I know how to listen?”
“The wind gives voice to the trees as it caresses their branches.”
“I have heard their voices then, but I do not understand their language.”
Zaleb smiled. “When you find the right tree, you will understand its voice.”
“It sounds difficult. There are many trees.”
“It may be that you will have guidance in this matter. Pay attention to all that goes on around you. The birds and insects can all serve as guides. Take your time. This task may take several days. But it is the most important choice you will ever make.”
“The nixes do not use wands, why must we?”
“Nix magic is of the mind. They work long and hard to focus their thoughts, as you have found out. The water serves as their medium. We do not live in water and the air is not so conductive so we must use wands to focus our mind.”
The breakfast finished, Arii rose and started clearing the table.
“Never mind, Arii, I will clean up. You have a task before you. It is best that you get started while your mind is fresh.”
Arii went back into his bedchamber and dressed. He walked to the door of the cottage and looked out. The sun was well up and the sky was clear.
“Choose well, young wizard.” Zaleb handed Arii a saw. “Cut the whole limb and do not trim it. Bring the entire limb back here when you find what you seek. Then we will begin preparing your new wand.”
Arii stepped out into the day. He walked into the thicket of trees that bordered the cottage. He stopped to listen. A symphony of birdsong met his ears, and a gentle breeze whispered in the trees.
Which tree to choose? Arii wandered among the thicket of trees, stopping several times beside a tree to place his hands upon it. Each time he heard nothing.
Hours passed and the sun shone down through the trees. It was now past zenith, and Arii was growing hungry. He found himself by the river. A large willow tree grew at the edge of the river, its roots snaking into the murky water. The tree’s branches waved in the breeze. Arii sat on a large root that extended over the water and took off his boots. He dangled his bare feet in the waters, his mind deep in thought. He had tried many trees. The water oaks, with their strong wood and pungent leaves did not speak to him. Nor did the sweet sap filled Acer trees.
Discouragement added to his exhaustion. None of the trees he felt would be the wand of a great wizard spoke to him. He looked into the river. His eye fell on a shadow moving in the deep water. The shadow grew larger and soon a nix broke the water. His eyes fastened on Arii.
“Are you the one called Arii?”
Arii nodded. “Yes, that is my name.”
“I am Nond, of the river Aeol. Moog has sent word to me that you were in our land. I thought I might find you here.”
“Do you know Moog?”
“Yes, he is a member of my order. We meet at council. He has spoken highly of you.”
“Thank you. Moog is a great wizard, and my friend.”
“Moog is greater than you think. Have you found what you seek?”
Arii shook his head. “I have tried all the great trees of the forest and have not found one suitable for my wand. Not one tree has spoken to me.”
“Perhaps you have found what you seek, but have not asked the right questions.”
“What do you mean?”
“The tree you sit upon. Have you asked it?”
Arii looked up into the willows branches. “But this is a willow. The wood is weak. I want a strong wood for my wand. If I am to become a powerful wizard I need a powerful wand.”
Nond smiled at these words. “Power comes from within you, not from the wand. Perhaps you should ask the tree.” At those words, the nix dove under the waves. Arii watched as the shadow of the nix disappeared from his view.
Arii stood and looked again at the tree. He placed his hands on the tree and listened. At first, he heard nothing. Then he heard it. The tree was whispering to him. He could feel the wind in the branches and the water in the roots. He felt as one with the tree. He let go of it. There, just above his head, a branch emerged from the trunk. Arii took out his saw and cut the limb. He put the saw away and held the branch. Somehow, it felt right, but it was a willow. He was sure his choice would disappoint Zaleb. 

Arii entered Zaleb’s cottage. The sun was setting in the west. The tree frogs and the night birds were beginning their song.
“I see that you have found a branch,” said Zaleb as he took the limb from Arii. He examined the limb. “That is an interesting choice, young wizard. It is a willow. I had supposed that you would choose an oak or Acer tree.”
Arii looked at Zaleb. He could feel shame clouding his soul. “Are you displeased? The willow is a weak tree. Does that mean I will be a weak wizard?”
A smile played across Zaleb’s lips. “No, young wizard, you have chosen well. The willow’s wood is weak it is true, but it is a wise tree. It grows at the water’s edge, so it lives in two worlds, the water and the wind. Its branches are flexible, they do not try to oppose the wind, they move with it. The magic of the waters enter into its roots. Since it lives in the water, it resists the ravages of the fire. Its bark has healing power. The willow is an excellent choice for a wizard who hopes to every order. Their qualities are all contained within this tree.”
Arii smiled. “Then I have chosen well?”
“You have chosen well. It is straight and unmarked by blemishes. The tree was healthy and strong. This will make a fine wand for a young, powerful wizard.”
Arii smiled.
“Now, you must hold the base of the limb while I cut it to the proper length.”
Arii held the branch. Zaleb studied the limb, and sized up Arii. “It must be of a length which suits your body size. Since you are not yet full-grown, I must guess your ultimate height and arm length to get the right ratio.”
After some careful calculations on a parchment, Zaleb measured off a length of the branch. He made a cut with the saw.
Arii studied the branch, and then started to put it down. Zaleb restrained his hand. “Do not let the branch go. First we must prepare the wand, but you not separate from the wand for seven days.”
Arii looked at Zaleb and said, “I cannot hold the wand in my hand for seven days. In my sleep I will surely let go of it.”
“You will not hold it. I will tie it to your body.”
Zaleb handed Arii a knife. “Shave all the bark from the wand over a piece of parchment. Do not lose any of the pieces.”
Arii took the knife and began shaving strips of bark, taking care to allow all the shavings on the parchment. While he worked, Zaleb began swung the teapot over the flames in the hearth. The pot began to whistle at the same time that Arii finished his task. Zaleb picked up the parchment, bent it and poured the shavings into the pot.
“When the tea has steeped, you will drink the liquid.”
Arii examined his handiwork as the tea steeped. After satisfying Zaleb, he poured the tea into a cup. “You must drink it all,” he said as he handed the cup to Arii, who blew across the cup, to cool it. Then he drank the tea.
“That tastes terrible,” he said as he put the cup on the table.
“There is medicine in the tea which will make your ears ring,” Zaleb said. “But any aches and pains which you have will disappear.”
“This is a good thing to learn,” said Arii.
“You will learn that, and more, when you study with the healers.”
“I have much to learn,” said Arii.
“The wizards of the Order of the Golden Star are the most powerful wizards in Island World. It takes much knowledge and training to become one. That is why there are so few of them. Few wizards have the desire to undergo the regimen.”
A sigh escaped Arii’s lips. “I wonder if I will have what it takes to complete it.”
Zaleb smiled. “You will complete it. I can sense a power in you that few wizards have. I can sense your destiny.”
“You were right, my ears ring,” said Arii. “What do we do next?”
“Hold out your arm.”
Arii extended his arm. Zaleb took the end of the wand. “Now, loosen your grasp, but do not let go.”
Zaleb twisted the wand around and positioned it on Arii’s bare arm. He bound the wand to Arii’s arm with leather straps, tying it to the young wizard’s arm.
“There,” he said as he secured the last cord. “For seven days it must remain there. The wand will attune itself to you during this time. On the eighth day we can go ahead with your lessons.”
Arii rubbed the leather straps. “The seven days cannot pass fast enough for me.”
“They will pass quickly enough.”
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Small Success

Arii chafed as the days crept by and on the seventh day, Zaleb said, “It is time, Arii.”
He glanced out the window. It was the time of no shadows. “Go outside and run. Work up a good, hard sweat.”
Arii stepped outside and began to run. He sped along until he felt the perspiration dripping from his brow, and returned to the cottage of Zaleb.
“Now you must undress.”
After Arii undressed, Zaleb cut the straps that held the wand in place. “Rub the wand all over your body, starting at your head. Miss no part of you.”
Arii rubbed the wand over his perspiring skin. He held the wand, glistening with the moisture of his sweat, in his hand.
“Pluck a hair from your head.”
Arii found a strand of hair and pulled it.
Zaleb handed the boy an awl. “Drill a hole in the handle and place the hair in the hole.”
Arii drilled the hole and after some difficulty managed to get the hair threaded into the hole.
Zaleb extracted a small amount of pine resin from a stone jar that he handed to the boy. “Chew the sap.”
Arii took the small lump from Zaleb’s hand, stuck it in is mouth and chewed, his face grimacing from the turpentine flavor of the resin.
“Spit it into your hand and use it to seal the hole.”
Arii worked the sticky substance into the hole.
“One last thing, and we will finish,” said Zaleb as he pushed a cup across the table. “That is special oil which will preserve the wand. Use your fingers to work the oil into the wood.”
Arii dipped his fingers into the oil and spread if over his wand. When he finished the wand glistened in his hand.
“You are finished,” said Zaleb. “The wand is now attuned to you and your body. No one else can use your wand, as you can use no one else’s.”
“What happens if they do?”
“If you handle a wand from a lesser wizard, you risk having your power drained into that wand. If a lesser wizard handles it, they risk becoming overwhelmed by your power which could kill them.”
“Can I put the wand down now?”
Zaleb nodded. “You may put it down, but that wand will never be far from you. For the rest of your life you will carry it. You must make a sleeve to wear on your arm to hold it, or sew pockets on the inside of your sleeves. It is important that the wand never be far from your hand. Your life, or the lives of others, may depend upon it. You may spend the rest of the afternoon doing that. Tomorrow we start the real work.” 

The room was dimming as the sun sank in the west. On the table lay a small sheet of parchment. Arii stood; wand pointed, and closed his eyes.
Zaleb corrected Arii with a quick admonishment. “Do not close your eyes. You must focus your mind upon the parchment. You cannot do that if you cannot see it.”
“I have seen Nerza close his eyes when he casts a spell.”
“Nerza is a master. He sees through closed eyes. He closes them to eliminate distractions. You have not reached that level of control. You must keep your eyes open.”
With a sigh, Arii again raised his wand. He stared at the parchment and focused.
“Feel the air around you. Gather the air into your mind and send it forward. Say the words I taught you. When all is in balance, squeeze the wand.”
Arii lowered his wand and sat down. “I cannot feel the air. I cannot sense the parchment. I cannot do any of these things.”
“Relax,” said Zaleb. “It is late and we have worked hard. We will rest and pick up tomorrow where we left off.”
“I will never be able to do this,” said Arii.
“Yes you will. The first spell cast using a wand is always the most difficult. Nothing is in accord yet. Your mind and the wand are still learning to connect. Your body is still acclimating to its power. It took me many days to cast the first spell.”
“I don’t know,” said Arii. “I just don’t feel what you say I should feel. I am hungry and tired.”
“We will eat, and then I will walk along the river,” said Zaleb. “You should go to bed and rest. Tomorrow we will work again.”
Arii slipped the wand into the sleeve he had made to hold it. The sleeve was too loose, and he was afraid he would lose the wand. He would have to make another. The stew, which had spent the day simmering on the hearth, smelled good. He looked outside. He could see the evening star shimmering in the sky in the rose-colored sunset. Arii stood and ladled a bowl of stew and walked outside to eat it alone in the gathering darkness. He watched the stars appear, as by magic, in the black sky. He could hear the hum of insects and smell the river. He would be a great wizard. He knew that he would.
However, he never dreamed that it would be this hard. 

He drifted upwards into the sky. He saw the clouds, gathered around him like white sheep, grazing in the blue sky, their fleecy white coats gleaming in the sun. He floated among them and gazed down on the countryside below him. He felt the wind at his back. He sailed before it and saw Island World, its mountains and rivers and deserts spread out below him.
Never before had Arii felt this free. He reveled in the wind and the clouds. He was part of the wind and then he was the wind. He felt it flow around him and through him. He flew through the wind. He could stop, and fly against it. The wind no longer controlled him; he could control the wind.
Below him, he could see Zaleb’s cottage. He felt himself drawn towards it. The world became a blur.
Arii awoke. The world was still in darkness. He rose from his bed and walked into the parlor. The leftover aroma of the oil lamp flitted across his nose. In the dim light of the awakening day, he could see the parchment lying on the table.
He felt the wand in the sleeve of his nightshirt. He withdrew it. It no longer felt alien. It was a part of him. He was a part of it. He could feel his power grow. He extended his arm and pointed the wand at the parchment. Around him, he could feel the air change. He could feel it caress his skin, felt it enter him. The wind filled him and flowed through him.
He felt its power increase. It swirled within him. It flowed down his arms and into his fingers. The parchment on the table began to flutter. Then it began to move. The breeze increased in intensity.
Arii reveled in his new power. He could control the wind. Then something went wrong. The gentle breeze increased to a gale. The parchment blew off the table, and the table flipped over and against the wall. The window behind the table blew out with a crash. The parchment flew out the window. Arii could not stop the storm. He gasped as the air flowed out of the room. He felt his lungs gasp for a breath that was not there. Furniture and dishes crashed as the storm blew through. Then all was blackness. 

“Arii, wake up.”
The shadows departed. Arii awoke to find the worried eyes of Zaleb looking into his.
“Arii, you did it. You moved the parchment.”
Arii sat up. He looked around at the once neat parlor. The room was strewn with furniture and broken crockery. The lamp, broken, had spilled its oily fuel across the wooden floor.
He shook his head. “It looks as though I moved much more than the parchment.”
Zaleb smiled. “Yes, you have made a mess, but you have succeeded. You have become one with your wand. You can channel the wind.”
Arii tried to rise, but Zaleb restrained him. “You have made a big step, but you have exhausted your body. You must rest.”
“The floor is hard, Teacher.”
“I will help you to your bed.”
The old wizard helped Arii to his feet. The room spun, and lights in his eyes flashed. “I cannot walk,” he said.
Together they made their way to Arii’s bedchamber. Arii fell into his bed.
“No more magic for you today, young wizard.”
“But I want to. I have just succeeded.”
“Yes, but your body and mind must heal and acclimate themselves to each other and your new powers. Today we rest. Tomorrow we begin again. You must learn to control your power.”
Zaleb paused and looked out into the parlor. “But I think we will move outdoors.”
Arii smiled, and then closed his eyes. His sleep was peaceful. He dreamed of clouds and gentle breezes. 

After Arii went to sleep, Zaleb went into the parlor and began cleaning up the mess. He looked at the broken window. The wooden wall of the house bowed out. No worry, he could fix the wall and get the window repaired.
The boy had power. More power than any he had ever experienced before. This power worried Zaleb. Even the most powerful of his order had never done anything like that on their first success.
If it stayed channeled for good, so much power would be a good thing, but the last wizard to demonstrate such power had not been good. This was the source of Zaleb’s worries. The line between good and evil was so thin. He sensed the hate Arii felt for the monster Gwaum. It was this hate that drove Arii, he feared.
Zaleb did not like it, but he had brought Arii this far. Not to finish the training now would be a bad thing. Arii would be free to develop it on his own. His thoughts ran over Arii’s training so far. Moog was a good wizard and had been a positive influence. His first work of major magic had been to save a life, not take one.
Nerza was a good wizard, and he was powerful. He had been the first to sense Arii’s potential. He had guided him well so far. That had not been the case with that other wizard.
This thought calmed Zaleb. He did not sense any evil in Arii. His heart was good. The other’s heart was bad. That was the difference. At least that was Zaleb’s hope. 

The wind increased in intensity slowly, driving the tiny grains of sand before it. A channel appeared in the surface of the desert, and grew deeper as the sand blew away.
“That is good,” said Zaleb. “Now slow the wind, and stop it.”
Arii, his face stiff with effort, slowed the wind. The small sandstorm stopped.
“Now, focus behind the channel you dug, and fill it in.”
Arii focused his power on the wind. Sand blew across the channel, filling it in. When the surface leveled, the wind stopped.
“That was very good, Arii. You are learning to control your power. That is enough for today.”
Arii lowered his wand. He was exhausted. “I did not know that magic was so tiring. You and Nerza make it seem so easy.”
Zaleb smiled. “We have mastered our craft. Magic does exert a lot of energy. You must develop the stamina for it. You must do the exercises I taught you, to keep your body in shape. Fat wizards are rare sights.”
“I always wondered about that.”
“Wizardry is much more than just practicing magic. It is a way of life. You must work to keep mind and body in sync at all times. It is not an easy thing, magic.”
“What will I learn next?”
“Tomorrow we will work on creating a dust devil.”
“A dust devil? Why is that next?”
“The things you learn creating a dust devil flows into other spells. It leads to levitating objects, creating wind shields and will apply to much that Nerza will teach you as well.”
“So the dust devil is the basic skill for all the others.”
“Sort of, but our magic power extends to creatures of the air as well. You must learn to influence flying birds and insects and other creatures of the wind.”
“Uncle Nerza has used that knowledge to create his flock of yuhma birds.”
Zaleb nodded. “There is other magic involved in that skill as well. No Wizard of the Winds could duplicate his feat. That is the realm of the Wizards of the Golden Star.”
“Has he used also the magic of the nixes?”
Zaleb shook his head. “That is a question I cannot answer. We can influence the flight of the wind creatures, but we cannot influence their thought. Perhaps it is a mix of nix magic and ours. I do not know.”
“I know I would wish to know it.”
“I am sure he will teach you that and many other things when you are ready to learn.”
“I still have two other Orders to train with.”
Zaleb nodded. “The Order of the Eternal Flame has much lore, also. The Exalted Order of Healers also has much to teach. They know many things about the herbs and other growing things. They know how to heal the body of hurts and maladies. You do indeed have much to learn, young wizard.”
“I have completed almost six months training with you, Teacher. How much longer before I undertake to my trial?”
“You are a bit ahead of schedule, young wizard. Perhaps in a year I will be ready to subject you to the test.”
“What does the test entail, Teacher?”
“I do not know, yet. Each wizard is different. The rigors of the test for our order are usually different for each wizard. It depends upon your skill level and what we feel you need to know.”
“If I do not know what the test entails, then how do I prepare for it?”
“When you are ready you will need no preparations. That is all you need to know.”
Arii said nothing, but his face displayed his puzzlement.
Zaleb smiled. “You must have patience, young wizard. You will do fine. Just learn your lessons and practice your craft. That is the road to success, the only way you will find your path.”
Patience was not one of Arii’s characteristics and he was anxious to learn more so he could move on to the next level. He sighed. There was still another year to spend learning the wizardry of this order. Then there were two more orders to work through before Nerza would apply the final push to become a Wizard of the Golden Star. No wonder there were so few of that order. Few men would live long enough to learn all that he needed to learn. With a groan of frustration, Arii readied himself for bed. His dreams were of crying winds and dark, silent water. Such were his dreams for many long nights as the year of his training passed.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Wizard of the Encircling Winds

Confidence flowed through Arii like a river. He glanced at the three elders who would judge him. Zaleb and Nerza stood apart. Nerza clasped his hands behind him as he watched Arii, his eyes filled with pride, Zaleb, arms akimbo, at his side. 

Arii withdrew his wand. The test was at hand. He stretched his arm before him and pointed it at the sand. The wind swirled and grew stronger. Particles of sand, disturbed by the increasing turbulence, stirred and rose in a swirling dust cloud. The whirlwind danced across the desert back and forth, in a seeming random pattern.
“Look, he writes in the sand,” said Nerza, pointing at the inscription that appeared on the desert sand below the dust devil.
“It is his name,” said Zaleb. “He writes his name in the sand.”
Indeed, the script did portray the written characters of Arii’s name. The whirlwind approached a cart, placed nearby. The winds abated a bit, and then moved under the cart that had borne the elders to Naru from their homes far away. The horses, still hitched to the cart, neighed in nervous excitement as the wind danced under their feet. The dust devil increased in intensity. The cart began to shudder, then the horses and cart arose in the air.
Higher and higher they went, until they were as high as a man’s head. Then they stopped and rested a moment. Sweat trickled down Arii’s brow and dripped off his nose. He reduced the intensity of the wind, and the cart and horses descended until they again touched the earth.
Arii then advanced the dust devil towards him. He felt the wind under his feet. Again, he built up the speed, felt the lift as he left the ground. He could feel the power of the spell as it lifted him higher and higher.
“Arii, that is enough,” his uncle shouted. “You are tiring. You still have one trial left.”
Arii smiled, and let himself down.
The dust devil disappeared.
One of the elders bent down and picked up a cage that lay at his feet. Inside a crow chattered and squawked. Another of the elders opened the cage door and the crow emerged. Its raucous caws escaping its mouth as it emerged into freedom and flew into the heavens.
Arii pointed his wand at the crow as it flew. The wind around the crow’s wings changed the course of the crow. Instead of flying away, the crow flew back and forth across the sky above the assembled wizards. It flew a loop, then a figure eight. Arii felt himself tiring. The effort he expended during the trial of the dust devil was telling on him. One last flourish, as he caused the crow to climb high into the sky, and then nosedive at the ground. At a few feet above the ground, he released the spell. The crow pulled itself from its involuntary nosedive and flew off. Its frightened caws echoing across the sands as it flew off into the distance, out of sight.
Nerza began to run towards Arii. “You have done it nephew. You have completed the trial”
Arii saw a dark shadow in the sky approaching from the sea. It grew larger and larger. The huge bird of prey was coming. He had summoned the bird. It was now time for his final flourish, an unscheduled addition to his trial.
The elders looked skyward, startled as a large bird appeared above them. Arii withdrew his wand and pointed it at the bird, who circled above him. It was a craun, one of the magnificent birds of the eagle race who dwelt in the cliffs above the sea. The craun circled above Arii, who pointed his wand at the bird. He felt his mind join with the bird’s mind. His hours of searching and experimenting on the rocky coast of Naul sprang to fruition. He would succeed, or fail, depending upon his control of this terrible, ferocious bird.
The bird continued circling, drifting down with each completed arc. The bird settled on the sand, facing Arii, who continued holding his wand pointed at the bird. He approached the bird, keeping his eyes fastened on the craun, who returned his gaze. Finally, close enough, Arii touched the bird’s beak, and then stroked the beast’s neck. The bird folded his wings, stamped it feet a couple of times and emitted a loud, piercing cry. Arii moved behind the bird and threw his leg over the bird’s neck. His mind and the birds locked in a tight embrace. It was an embrace Arii did not dare to release. Arii wrapped one hand around the bird’s neck; his other still held the wand pointed at the bird’s head.
The bird danced, extended its wings and began flapping them. With the young wizard perched on its back, the crawn flew in a low trajectory over the desert sands. Gaining altitude, Arii soon found him self high above the desert, looking down on the astounded wizards.
Now Arii was becoming tired and felt his control over the huge bird beginning to falter. He commanded the bird to descend. The ground got closer and closer. He was almost down when he lost his battle with exhaustion. His mind lost its hold over the bird, which veered upwards. Arii lost his grip and tumbled off.
He was just a few feet off the ground when he fell. He hit the ground with a thump, and rolled with the impact. He landed on his back and found himself staring upwards into the faces of Zaleb and Nerza.
“So that is what you were doing on those long walks by the sea,” said Zaleb, his eyes wide in astonishment.
“Again, Arii, you have surprised us,” said Nerza. “Always you push magic to its limits.”
“Blasphemy.”
The cry echoed across the desert.
Arii stood and looked at the group of elders as they walked towards Arii, who was getting to his feet, dusting the sand off his clothing.
The speaker, an old wizard named Bran, looked at Arii, disapproval flying like a dart into Arii.
“You have performed blasphemy. I will not vote to approve you.”
“He has satisfied the requirements of the test,” said Zaleb. “He completed all the necessary steps.”
“But he joined our magic with that of the nixes. That we do not do. It is not the pure magic of our order.”
Zaleb glanced at Arii. Clearly, this latest development worried him.
“He performed each of your trials.”
“The last was not part of our trials. He has violated the laws of our order. We cannot admit him.”
The argument continued for several minutes. Arii watched, filled with horror. He had not intended to endanger his admittance to the order. He had only thought that his feat would cement it and bring him in at a higher level. Just like his feat with the nixes, but now it seemed like it would prevent his admittance. His dream of becoming a Wizard of the Golden Star was on the verge of disaster.
Nerza crossed the sand. Bran stopped in mid sentence and looked at Nerza, who towered over him. “Did the boy complete the test?”
“You have no right to interject yourself into our affairs,” said Bran.
“I am, you forget, a member of your order also. I became such many years ago.”
“But you are not an elder.”
“No, I am not an elder. But I am a member of the Council at their last meeting.”
“You cannot be a member of our council. You are a Wizard of the Golden Star.”
“Yes and as such, I am a full member of your order also. I see that you were not informed of my ascension to the Council?”
“No, I was not.”
“You do not read your messages, then. I sent one to you by yuhma bird a month ago. As a member of the council, I remind you that the boy did complete the trial.”
“But that last demonstration was blasphemy.”
“Was it a part of the trial?”
A shadow crossed Bran’s face. “No, it was not.”
“Then you will disregard that last spell when you make your judgment. You will make your decision based upon the results of the test.”
Bran glowered at Nerza. It was plain that he disliked Nerza, but also feared his power. He joined the elders and they formed a circle, each with a hand on the shoulder of the wizard next to him. The conference lasted several minutes.
“We are ready to pass judgment,” Bran said, glancing at Zaleb. Each held a pebble in their closed fists.
Zaleb crossed the sand towards them and held out his cupped hands. Each of the elders dropped a pebble into his hands. When the last pebble fell, Zaleb walked back to Arii. He opened his hands. Three white pebbles gleamed in the afternoon sun. Arii had passed. He was a member of the Order of the Winds.
Zaleb then waved his hands above his head and said, “The supplicant will please kneel.”
Arii knelt. Zaleb pulled a glass vial suspended by a gold chain from a fold in his robe. He held it high above his head and looked at it. Then he lowered it and placed the chain around Arii’s neck.
“This vial holds the Breath of Island World, collected from the summit of the Mountain of Seven Rivers. It is a symbol of your achieving membership in our order. May you always wear it proudly.”
“I will,” said Arii. Thank you.”
“You may rise.”
Arii stood and as he did, Zaleb said, “As an elder of our order I now pronounce you a member of the Order of the Encircling Winds. Congratulations, Wizard of the Wind.”
Arii and Nerza smiled as Arii accepted the vial. Only Bran simmered in anger, but he could do nothing to change the outcome.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Next Step

The early summer sun was low on the western horizon. They had been climbing for a couple of hours when the summit of the mountain came into view.
“We will camp here on the summit tonight,” said Nerza. “The weather is fair and there will be no storms to interrupt our sleep.”
Arii dismounted and began setting up camp. There had been little conversation between the uncle and nephew on the journey to the Mountain of Seven Rivers. Nerza watched Arii, pride shining in his eyes. He had spent the three days of their trek thinking. He still had made no decision.
He dismounted and helped set up the tent.
After preparing the camp, Nerza laid a fire and spat a spark at the kindling with his wand. The dry wood kindled, and then burst into flame. The orange flames danced in the gathering twilight.
When the fired burned to coals, they spitted a lerf that Nerza had killed on the way to the top. The roasting meat sizzled, and small flames erupted where the fat hit the coals throwing off a pungent fragrance. The savory odor filled the mountaintop and sharpened their appetites.
“I am proud of what you have done, Arii,” said Nerza. “What you did with the craun I could not have done when I was at your stage of development.”
Arii glanced at the older wizard. “But you do not approve.”
Nerza shook his head. “Combining the magic of the orders is something you are not ready to do, yet. It is dangerous.”
“But I did it.”
“Just because you can do something is not a reason to do it. You have not acquired enough control to do that, yet. It turned out well but many things could have gone wrong.”
“Bran said it was blasphemy.”
Again, Nerza shook his head. “It is not blasphemy. He was jealous. The lower orders cannot combine magic. It is not within their power. Doing that imperiled your acceptance. I used all the influence that I have both political and magic, to change his vote.”
“You used magic on him?”
Nerza smiled. “I see that it escaped even you, who are precocious beyond your years. Yes, I used a placating spell on him. He did not suspect. Perhaps he does now, but it is too late and he has no proof.”
The lerf was browning in the heat of the coals. Arii sat near the fire turning the roasting carcass. He pulled it from the flames and used his knife to cut into the meat. Blood oozed from the slit. It would need more time on the coals. He placed it back over the fire.
“Could he rescind his vote?”
“He could if he had proof I influenced him. That he does not have. You have nothing to fear. I hope that you have learned a valuable lesson.”
Arii nodded. “Yes, Uncle, I have learned. I will not do that again.”
Nerza stretched his legs out in front of him, allowing the heat from the fire to warm his feet, cold in the cool mountain night.
“You cannot always stretch the limits, Arii. When you are ready, and have completed the lower orders, I will teach you all that I know. You will be a much more powerful wizard than I am. Responsibility comes with that power.”
“I will be responsible for saving Island World from Gwaum.”
“It is my hope to instill in you the difficulty of that quest, Arii. Gwaum is the product of a powerful wizard. One who, like you, that tested the limits. His creation destroyed him.”
“Zaleb and you have both hinted at that. When will you tell me the story?’
Nerza leaned forward and poked the coals. A shower of sparks rose, crackling in the darkness. He could smell the cooking meat. It was a good smell.
“When you have completed your training, I will tell you. It is a sad, evil tale. It is a tale of a wizard who reached too high. He sought power and glory beyond that which none has ever held. But his power, in the end, destroyed him.”
Arii withdrew the roasting lerf from the heat. He again sliced into the meat.
“We can now sup, Uncle.”
“Good, I am hungry. It has been a long ride, today.”
They ate in silence. The night sounds of the mountain flowed across their campsite. A distant owl hooted the howl of a narl and crickets chirped in the bushes. The night sky, a black slate with silent, burning stars watching them, hung overhead.
“Where will I go next, Uncle?”
“I have not decided yet, Arii. Next, you will study the Order of the Eternal Flame. It is the most powerful of the lower orders.”
“The most powerful? I thought that the Order of the Winds would be more powerful.”
“It is a powerful order. You must attain the level of all the Higher Orders, but the Order of the Eternal Flame requires greater skill to master. They have mastery of the internal fires of the earth, as well as fire.”
“How many orders is there, Uncle?”
“There are many minor orders, though not as many as of old times. Gwaum has destroyed many in his rampages. Only five make up the Higher Orders, and the Order of the Golden Star is, of course, the highest level.”
“Who will you send me to?”
Nerza stood, bent down and threw more wood on the fire. It crackled with new life and the flames shot up.
“There are two possibilities. I have a friend in Nuckland, a wizard named Tyne, who would take you. He is powerful, but has not much influence. I have also considered the head of the order in Truin. His name is Ander, and he is an old, grouchy man who does not like our order. But he is very skilled and could teach you much more than Tyne.”
“Then I would like to go to Ander.”
“Then that is where you will go if he would consent to have you.”
“When would I go?”
“I think you will need to rest in Torne the rest of the summer and winter. Re-acquaint yourself with your nix friends. It may take some time, and many yuhma birds to convince Ander to train you. By spring you will go to either Ander or Tyne for your training.”
Nerza glanced across the fire at Arii, whose features glowed in the flickering firelight.
“He will not be an easy master, Arii. He is tough and mean. He will not allow you to take liberties. You must follow his instructions to the letter. He will not hesitate to toss you from his abode and halt your training.”
“I understand,” said Arii. “I will obey him.”
“If I can manage to get you an apprenticeship with him, you had better. Save your antics for me.”
Arii smiled in the darkness. “I will have plenty saved up when I come back to you.”
Nerza kneeled and unrolled his blanket. “I think it is time to turn in. Check the horses. I will see if I can find some more firewood.” His blanket unrolled, Nerza lit the end of his wand and began searching the forested area below the summit.
The night passed and the wizards slept. 

Nerza saw no reason to hurry their journey as he reveled in the company of his nephew. They camped on the mountaintop for two days, watching the roads and the rivers below them. Many tales Nerza told Arii of Island World and the people who made up the lands, but the tale Arii lusted for the most Nerza did not tell.
On the third day, they rode and again Nerza tarried. After six days they rode up to Nerza’s cottage as the sun set. They ate a light supper and both fell asleep in front of the fire.
Nerza awoke in the dim light of dawn. He watched Arii’s soft, youthful features as the boy slept. A swell of pride thrilled his body as he watched his sister’s son. The boy was smart. He could feel the welling power within him.
He remembered that time many years ago when he, Moog and Sluv for a moment held Gwaum in their power. His mind ached as the memory of that thing they created floated free. Had it found a home by now? Or was it still floating around out there in the void?
Had the creature found Arii? Was it now a part of the boy? Would he be the one? Would he be the wizard to overcome Gwaum and free Island World from its hungry tyrant? Nerza both hoped and feared that he was. The boy was on a mission to destroy the beast. That had been part of the spell. Nerza could only hope that he did not destroy himself as well.
The room was cool, and his bones ached from the long ride. He arose and felt the coals. There was enough heat left so he would not use magic. He piled kindling on the coals after raking them into a pile. He blew air across them with the bellows and watched as the fire sprang to life.
The wood crackled and popped as the fire grew in intensity. Thin, gray strands of smoke wound their way from the fire and wafted up the flu. Heat began to radiate off the massive stone fireplace.
“That feels good, Uncle.”
“Sorry, Arii, I did not wish to awaken you.”
“That is all right, Uncle. It is nearly dawn. I want to eat a bit and go visit Cerna.
“That is good. Enjoy your friends. I will use the morning to compose a message to Ander.”
“Do you think he will take me?”
“I will do my best, Arii, but even I do not hold much sway with Ander. He is his own man and does not take council easily.”
Nerza began fixing the morning meal while Arii brewed mahfra.
Soon the spicy fragrance of rian strips combined with the hearty aroma of mahfra. Nerza’s stomach announced its readiness for the morning repast by growling and gurgling.
They ate their meal in silence, each of them content to nurse their thoughts.
After the meal, Arii ran off to the river. Nerza got out quill and parchment and sat down to compose the letter. It took most of the morning and many writings. He glanced at the sheet of parchment, with the numerous phrases scratched out and new ones written.
Arii, he knew, would not be back for lunch. He would dine with the nixes on fish, mussels and other watery delicacies.
Nerza ate some dried meat and chewed some of the dried fruit and nuts from the clay jar kept in the pantry.
His strength renewed, he rewrote the letter and left the ink to dry. He went out to tend his yuhma birds and chose the strongest one. The letter was heavy and he needed the bird’s strength.
He tied the note to its leg and sent it aloft with a chant. He watched it fly away, carrying the hopes of a young wizard tied to its leg. 

It was late winter and Nerza was tending his birds in the twilight. He heard the flutter of wings announcing the arrival of one of his birds. He glanced at the bird as it lit on his wrist. It was another reply from Ander. He hoped it was better than his earlier attempts, in which Ander refused to train of the young wizard. Fearing the worst, Nerza took the unopened note into the cottage where Arii waited.
He opened the note and read the heavy handwriting of Ander. Relief flooded his eyes.
“He has consented to take you,” said Nerza as he read over the message from Ander. “He expects you there by Spring’s Eve. That is not much time.”
“Is it a far journey?”
“It is only a two-day ride to Truin, but it is still winter and the mountains will still have snow. You must ready your things. In three days we will ride.”
“How long will I be there?”
“It will, like the others, be a two-year apprenticeship. Two springs from now, you will be ready to take the trials. Then you will return here to prepare for your final apprenticeship.”
“Will that be in Cleery?”
“If the wizard I have in mind agrees to it, yes.”
“Then I will be ready for you to train me?”
“Yes, if you pass the Trials of Fire. You must focus upon that, as it is not an easy task. Ander will be a demanding taskmaster. I need not remind you to do exactly as he says. He will not brook disobedience, nor going off on your own to practice unauthorized magic.”
“I will behave, Uncle.”
“See to it that you do. If you fail, there will be no second chances. He is the head of his Order and has great influence. No other wizard will dare to take you on if he bans you.”
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Wizard of the Eternal Flame

The old wizard pushed his spectacles down and peered over them. Distrust lurked behind those steel grey eyes.
“I have been informed of your intransigence. I will be watching you closely.”
The statement conveyed the obvious dislike Ander felt for Arii. It was plain that Bran had been communicating with Ander. It was also plain that his report had not been favorable.
“I will do as you instruct, Teacher.”
The grey eyes seemed to spit fire. “Master.”
Arii sat up in his chair. “Master?” 

“You will address me as Master.”
“Yes, Master,” said Arii.
“You had best follow my instructions, apprentice. I have heard of your uncle’s manipulations. That will not work with me. If you show the slightest sign of disrespect for our Order, I will ban you. You will never attain your goal.”
“Yes, Master. I will do exactly as you instruct.”
Ander folded his hands behind his back. “Yes, apprentice, you will or you will face the consequences. Tomorrow we will begin your training. I demand much of supplicants seeking to enter our esteemed order.”
Arii’s eyes flickered with questions, but he did not speak.
“The Trial of Fire will require that you prove three skills. You will light a fire with your wand. Then you must learn to master the flames, allowing you to walk through those flames unharmed.”
The wizard paused and again glared at Arii.
“What is the third trial, Master?”
“The third is the most important of all. You must learn to conjure an image from the flames.”
“Conjure an image, Master?”
“Yes, an image. You must conjure an image that moves and talks. If you can do those three things, and if the Eternal Flame accepts you, you may to enter the Order of the Golden Flame as an acolyte.”
“What sort of image?”
“That will be of your own choosing.”
Arii had already decided that he did not like this wizard. He imagined conjuring up a dragon that would consume the old tyrant.
A smile lit the face of Ander, as though reading the thoughts of Arii.
“The image will not have any ability to inflict pain or suffering. It will be an image only, generated by the flames, controlled by your ability to master them. Only a consortium of three wizards of our order may conjure a real creature.”
“Invoke a real creature, Master? Is that possible?”
“Yes, three wizards of our order can conjure up a creature which can move and breathe. It is a powerful spell, requiring much energy. No one wizard can supply the needed magic to do this. Only one was powerful enough to do that.”
At this, Ander grew silent, his eyes brooding.
“But I will not speak of that. That wizard paid the price for his arrogance. And we all suffer for his lust for power.”
Arii discerned more and more of this puzzle. Gwaum loomed into his thoughts. Was this monster the product of a powerful wizard’s misguided magic?
Ander shot a glance at Arii. “I see that you know little of this matter. That is, then, for your uncle to decide when and how much to tell you.”
He shoved a scroll across the table, stopping it in front of Arii.
“This is your first assignment. You must study this scroll and learn the spells it contains. Tomorrow morning we will begin your studies.”
At this, Ander strode from the room, leaving Arii alone with the scroll. He picked it up and unrolled it. The language was strange, but he found that by studying it with care he could read it. It consisted of complex incantations and mystical references. This was for a simple spell?
He envisioned a long, hard two years, toiling under the tutelage of this troll. 

The seasons flowed past and Arii studied hard. One by one, he mastered the spells and learned not only to make fire, but to control it as well. The day came, before the second Spring’s Eve of the beginnings of his studies, when Ander summoned him to his sitting room.
Again, he peered over his spectacles at the young wizard.
“You have mastered the basic skills of our order. In a week, you will face the Trial of Fire. I have sent word to three elders of our Order, as well as your uncle. Your trial will take place in the Chamber of the Eternal Flame.”
“Where is this Eternal Flame of which you speak?”
Ander sat back in his chair. “It is a place of secrecy, beneath the city of Truin. It is the seat of our order. In the Chamber of The Eternal Flame, the flames of the earth appear. That is all you need to know for now. You must spend your time now preparing for your trial. You must perform the magic without flaw or hesitation. I tell you this because you are still struggling with the image of the flames. Your images fade in and out and are not realistic. You have a week to master this skill.”
At this, Ander dismissed Arii.
Arii walked back to his small room in the castle overlooking the Groar River. He looked across the landscape. The ruined city of Truin lay below him, more destruction wrought by Gwaum.
Since that fateful day in his childhood, Arii had not seen the monster again. He had heard tidings of its ravages in nearby countries, but always it had been far away. He always sensed the fear the monster evoked. People lived in small, hidden villages or in isolated cottages. Large clusters of people drew the monster, who viewed such gatherings as an invitation to attack and feed.
He longed to get this Trial of Fire over. He wanted to move on to the next step, with the Healers.
He withdrew his wand and tapped it on the table with his impatient fingers. He looked at the scrolls and old books strewn across the wooden desk. The oil lamp flickered. He had to focus. He must learn to master this last spell.
He pointed his wand at the lamp and focused on the flame. He could feel his power flow into the wand. The small flame flickered. He felt himself enter it. An image of his childhood entered his mind.
Above the glass chimney, an image began to form. It was a faint glow, at first. It grew in size. The rainbow of colors that made it up flowed together, a kaleidoscope of colors that sparkled in the light of the lamp.
Arii felt his body break out into a sweat. His concentration began to slip.
Focus, he told himself. 
He poured more energy into the spell. The colors began to coalesce, and flow into their proper places.
With a roar, the image came together. The red monster stared at Arii from its vantage near the ceiling, its shadow casting a black silhouette across the ceiling. A single red eye bored into Arii’s eyes. The monster raised its arms and screamed.
Arii’s concentration shattered and his chair fell backward. He dropped his wand and his head hit the floor. The monster hovered over him for a moment. It extended its arm towards him. He could feel its hand on his throat.
He twisted his body to escape the grip. The monster’s grasp grew tighter. Arii felt his lungs constrict. The image he conjured was killing him. This was impossible. Outside he could hear the sound of footsteps, coming closer to his door.
Ander must not know of this. Arii felt for his wand, his fingers found it and grasped it. He held it aloft and pointed it at the flame of the oil lamp. The flame extinguished. The fingers on his throat vanished and Gwaum disappeared. The door flung open and Ander stood over Arii.
“What is happening in here, apprentice? What are you doing?”
Arii stood up. “I leaned back in my chair. It fell over.”
Ander peered into Arii’s eyes. He read a different story than what Arii told him, but what that story was he could not tell. “Why is your lamp out? Why are you sitting in the dark?”
“I was practicing some of the basic magic you taught me at the beginning of my training. I thought if I reviewed it all, I could see what I was doing wrong. I thought if might help me master the last trial. I was just going to light the lamp with my wand when the chair tipped over backwards.”
Ander folded his hands behind his back, continuing to study Arii.
“That seems like a good course to follow,” he said. It was plain that he did not believe Arii. “Just be careful. Do not ruin those chairs by leaning back on them.”
With that, Ander left the room.
Arii pondered what he had done. The image had lived. He had tried to kill him. That should not have been possible. 

Five days of agony passed. Arii did not practice the spell again. For the first time he found himself dreading the examination which would admit him to the Order of the Eternal Flame. He thought of a thousand reasons to delay the Trial of Fire.
On the afternoon of the fifth day, his uncle Nerza arrived.
After the embrace at their greeting, Nerza held Arii back, his hands on his shoulders and looked into his face.
“Arii, it is good to see you. Ander has said little, but since he has scheduled the Trial of Fire I would assume that you are ready.”
Arii avoided Nerza’s eyes. “I am ready, Uncle.”
Nerza read the worry in Arii’s face. “What is wrong, Arii? I sense that you worry.”
“No, Uncle, everything is fine. I am ready for the trial.”
“You had better be. Tomorrow the elders will arrive. We have finished the preparations. It is not every day that a supplicant enters the order in these troubled times.”
“I am ready, Uncle. I have performed all the spells. I have practiced many hours.”
Nerza studied his nephew’s face. “There is something you are not telling me. You do not seem excited about this important step.”
“It is nothing, Uncle. I have been studying hard. I am just tired, I guess.”
“H’mm. You should rest, Arii. I will leave you now to do just that. I want to visit the Chamber of the Flame. It has been many years since I have done so.”
Nerza turned and left the hall. Arii returned to his chamber. He felt awful. He had lied to his uncle. Never had he done so before.
He would not disappoint Nerza. He faced the lamp that glowed on his table. He raised his wand and focused on the flame. Against his will, Gwaum again surged into his thoughts.
Arii lowered his wand. That was it. He dared not perform the spell. He was afraid that he would be unable to break the grip. This time Gwaum might kill him. For the first time, this power he had worried him. The references to that other wizard he heard flitted through his mind.
What if he was like this other wizard. The others loathed him so much that others would not even speak his name. What had this wizard done? Was he the source of the monster Gwaum? What would happen if he turned his power to evil instead of good? He wanted to destroy this monster. What would happen if he strengthened him instead, or worse created a foul beast himself?
Arii lay down on his bed. He studied the circle of light that danced on the ceiling above the lamp. He thought about his problem. Always, the image of Gwaum entered his mind when he tried to do the spell.
Before, when he tried to do the spell, no image of any kind had come to him. That was why the spell failed. He did not focus upon a memory. That was the key. He needed to find another memory. A pleasant memory, one he could control.
That was it. That was the answer. He searched for a memory, one that would supersede the memory of Gwaum. One more powerful, that he could pull up. He must find some memory that not filled with terror. His mind settled on a scene. That would do. He closed his eyes and focused on that memory. Sleep overcame him and he dreamed. 

The sound of turning wheels and creaking rope broke the silence as they descended into the pit. A powerful smell of sulfur pervaded the air. Arii watched the rocks of the passage flow up past his eyes. The elevator ride to the bottom lasted a lifetime. His hands were sweating and it seemed a flock of birds had invaded his insides. Nerza stood beside him. He glanced up, to see his uncle’s smiling face beaming down at him. The soft illumination of the glow of the lanterns at each corner of the car carried them to the bottom.
The apparatus finally reached the bottom. The car stopped. They had emerged into a huge chamber lit by a silver flame that danced in the center. Silhouetted against the flames four hooded figures loomed. The lamplight from the car illuminated the dour face of Ander, staring at Arii. Darkness shrouded the faces of the elders.
“Welcome, Supplicant. The day of your judgment is at hand.
Arii stepped off the car. He felt his uncle’s hand on his shoulder for a moment. Then he stood alone before his judges.
“Are you ready to face the Trial of Fire?” Ander looked into Arii’s eyes, his eyes hard and gray in the soft light.
Arii nodded.
“You have entered the Chamber of the Eternal Flame to face the trial which will decide your fate. This is the seat of our Order, the source of our power.”
Arii glanced at the silver flame, suspended in mid-air, with no visible source for its energy.
“Far below us, the fires of the earth burn hot. By our magic, we have raised this flame. As long as it burns, our order endures. When you complete your trial, the Flame will either accept you, or reject you.”
Arii stepped to the edge of the precipice over which the flame hovered. Far below, he could see a bright orange light. It glowed with a fire of the earth, the source of the power of the Order of the Eternal Flame.
“Everything is ready. You will now begin the Trial of Fire.”
Arii turned. He saw a stone platform on which a huge pile of stacked wood. He walked over to it. He pulled his wand from his sleeve and pointed it at the base of the pyre. The kindling stacked against the pyre began to smoke. A small flame erupted and spread to the pyre. The bonfire lit, filling the chamber with its orange glow.
Arii waited for the flames to reach their fullest extent. He stepped forward, still pointing his wand at the flames. The flames parted. Arii stepped into the fire and strode forward. He could feel the warmth of the fire all around him, but the fire did not bite him. He emerged on the opposite side of the fire unscathed. He had passed the first two tests. He could start a fire, and control the flames.
He stepped back around to his former position. He could feel all the eyes in the room fastened on him. He had come to the most difficult part of the test. He pointed his wand at the flames. He felt around in his mind for the memory he wanted. He located it and pulled it forward. He could feel it swirling in his mind, down his arm and into the wand.
Another memory surfaced. It struggled with the first. Arii could feel the sweat on his brow streaming down his face, stinging his eyes. The struggle continued between Gwaum and the other one. The conflict in his mind threatened to overwhelm him.
His head ached. Gwaum was winning He could feel it displace the other memory. He felt it flow down his arm. Arii struggled against it. The other became paramount, crowded Gwaum out. It resumed its journey. The monster screamed in his mind, the cry resounding through his head. Then the other memory began to win out. Again, it flowed through his arm and out of the wand. The fire flickered. An image began to form above it. Colors danced and flowed. The image began to take shape. It was a twin image, the image of his parent’s faces as they smiled at him from the flames. The lips moved.
“We love you, Arii. We are watching you.”
The image faded and swirled away.
“You have done it, Arii.” His uncle’s voice rang in his ears. “Not only have you done it, you formed two images. That is a difficult task.”
Arii turned to see his uncle’s face beaming at him. He shifted his gaze to see Anders. The old grouch actually had a smile on his face.
“You have completed the Trial of Fire, supplicant. Now it is time for the judging. Step in front of the Eternal Flame and into the ring of stones.”
Arii walked to the circle of stones and stepped to the center.
“Sheath your wand, fold your hands behind you and gaze upon the flame.”
As he watched the flame, an orb appeared above it. The sphere of blue fire arose and moved to hover over him. The orb descended until it surrounded him. He could feel its heat warm his skin. He could feel it probing his soul. The flame turned from blue to white. Then with a crack, it vanished.
“Our Order accepts your application, Arii. You are now a wizard of the Order of the Eternal Flame. I award you the token of your accomplishment, a talisman of our order.”
Ander pulled from a fold in his robe a crystal that flickered with an inner fire suspended by a golden chain. He placed the talisman around Arii’s neck.
“Wear our symbol with pride, young man. Few indeed have achieved its splendor.”
Arii turned to face his uncle, the crystal shimmering with flame on his breast. His uncle’s embrace almost crushed his ribs. Arii’s laughter filled the Chamber of the Eternal Flame. His road was nearing an end. He was now a member of the three most powerful orders. One more and he would achieve his goal.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Cirile
The soft glow of the emerging sun painted the treetops a golden-yellow. The two riders cantered side by side along the road, breathing the spring-scented air. Nerza glanced at the rider beside him. Arii was now seventeen, handsome and strong in the saddle. Silver clouds from his breath streamed into the cool morning air. The heavy clip clops of the horse’s hooves echoed, as they rode.
“Who is this Feraun that you are taking me to now?” the question floated across the morning.
Nerza leaned forward in his saddle and scratched his backside. “She is the sister-in-law I told you about.”
Arii glanced sidelong at Nerza. “She is a Healer?”
“Yes, she is a member of the Order of Exalted Healers.”
“Is she a powerful healer?”
“She is powerful. “
Does she live alone?”
“No, she has a daughter named Cirile. She is about your age. She is the daughter of Feraun’s second husband, not my brother’s daughter.”
Arii thought about this a moment. “It seems funny, but I know no girls my age.”
“You have been in the company of wizards. There has been no time for girls.”
“I am looking forward to meeting this Feraun and her daughter Cirile.”
“You will like them. Cirile has entered training for the Exalted Order of Healers. From what Feraun tells me, she will be a good one.”
“Is the training hard?”
“It is not as demanding as the other orders, but there is much to learn. You will learn about the plants, and their uses. You will learn to heal minor hurts.”
“It sounds like a holiday after the other orders.”
“You will not think it so when you are with Feraun. She will have you learning many types of healing teas and potions. The forests and fields are full of many herbs. You will have to learn them all.”
“What of the last test?”
“The Exalted Order of Healers is a loose knit order. There are no elders. They do have a Council, but they have no final test, as the other orders do. Only the test that the mentor devises to make sure you know the healing arts. You will have little use for your wand, as most of their magic entails the use of teas, tinctures and potions. They are a peaceful order whose main purpose is to heal the hurts of others.”
They now reached the outskirts of Cleery. Many cottages lined the road, most ruined relics, uninhabited and forlorn. The road dipped down, revealing a view of the deserted capital of Torne, most of its buildings in ruin.
“It seems that the reach of Gwaum is long,” said Arii.
“His first targets are the capital cities and royal families. When he has destroyed these, civil order collapses. Gwaum has little resistance after that. The people who remain hide in the forests and fields. It is a hard life they lead.”
“So the king and his family have perished?”
“It is said that a young prince survived the first attack and that he is in hiding somewhere in the forests above the city.”
“You do not know where he is?”
“I do not know if the rumor is even true.”
They entered a lane that led back from the main road, lined with buildings that are more derelict. Birds flitted from the overgrown lawns and wild creatures peered at them from the undergrowth. A small stone cottage, better kept than most, loomed into view. Smoke curled from the chimney and the well-kept lawn and garden.
As they rode to the hitching post along the lane Arii asked, “How is it that this one has escaped the carnage of Gwaum?”
“I have protected this one from the eyes of Gwaum. To him, it appears as ruined as the rest. The ones who dwell within are safe from his ravages.”
“Why cannot you protect more cottages from him?”
“There is a limit to my power. Using such a powerful spell drains my resources. If Gwaum were human I could use less powerful spells and I could deploy many more, but he has powerful magic which limits me to fewer spells.”
They dismounted and tied their horses.
“It is still early,” said Nerza. “They may still be at breakfast.”
Nerza banged the doorknocker, and an instant later, the door opened. An attractive woman about Nerza’s age peered out. The heavenly odor of food cooking on the hearth accompanied her.
“Nerza, we have expected you.”
The two embraced, and then Feraun looked at Arii.
“This, then, is the nephew you brag about.”
Arii’s face reddened in embarrassment as he bowed her.
Arii sensed movement in the room behind Feraun, who said, “Come in. Breakfast is ready. I am sure you two are hungry after your journey.”
“It is not so far, only a couple of hours, as you know.” Nerza led the way, stepping into the parlor. A young woman looked up and smiled as they entered. Arii could see that the attractiveness of the mother repeated itself in the daughter.
“Good morning, Cirile,” said Nerza. “I see you have been busy preparing breakfast for us.”
“We have been busy,” said Feraun. “I hope you are hungry.”
“We are,” said Nerza.
“Then come into our little kitchen. It will be a tight squeeze, but we should all fit.
Arii sat next to Cirile, who radiated with an unfamiliar scent. He decided that the scent was quite pleasant.
“Nerza has told me you have done quite well with your studies so far. Two of the major orders have accepted you so far?”
Arii nodded. The girl’s fragrance was quite intoxicating. He wondered just what he had missed, not being in the company of a young woman before.
“Yes,” he said with a stammer. “I have been fortunate to have had good mentors. I was quite lucky to have gotten as far as I did.”
He glanced across at Feraun, and then at Nerza. He hoped that Nerza would speak, to take the center of conversation away from him.
Nerza glanced at Arii and saw his discomfiture. “He has done well. And he is ready to begin training with the best healer on Island World.”
Feraun smiled. “I am not sure about being the best, but I will do my best to train him.”
She looked at Arii. “Are you ready?””
Arii nodded. “I am ready, Teacher. I have already learned much, but am eager to learn more.”
“You will find our curriculum not as exciting as the other orders, but we feel it is much more useful. Our arts have saved many lives.”
“I am sure I will enjoy all that you can teach me.”
Cirile’s arm brushed his arm as he ate. An electric thrill coursed through his body.
She has magic of her own, he surmised. It is a powerful magic.
Feraun noted the look on Arii’s face. She smiled. “We have prepared the guest cottage behind the house for you. You will take your quarters there while you train. You will stay with me over the summer, learning the plants, how to gather them and prepare them for use. You will spend the winter preparing the potions and teas. By next spring, I think, you will be ready for the Rite of Investiture, if you study hard.”
“I thought it was to take two years.”
Feraun shook her head. “If your goal was as a full-fledged healer, it would take many more years, but your road is to take a different path. I can teach you what you need in a year. Then you will return to your uncle and your real task begins.”
The repast finished, Feraun arose and glanced out the window that overlooked the garden.
“You two go into the garden and sit while Cirile and I clean up this mess. In a few moments, we will join you with some hot tea. We can talk and enjoy the morning.”
Nerza nodded and stood. “I think we will do that. Then I must return to my cottage and leave my nephew in your capable hands.”
As Arii and Nerza strode into the garden, Arii’s thoughts were on the girl. He was looking forward to this training time more than the other times.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Gwaum Strikes

A fire crackled in the hearth, warming a plump black and white cat that lay sleeping on the rug in front of the flames. On either side of the cat, two figures rocked in wooden rocking chairs intent upon their studies. The young man was making notes on a slate, the chalk echoing crisply in the quiet room. The other figure, that of a young woman with flowing brown hair, was intent on reading from a thick, yellowed book.
Outside, a cold, late spring rain fell, readying the earth for the plants to burst forth in bloom and growth. The fragrance of the rich earth filled the air with a musky, earthy smell.
Another figure entered the room, an older woman, also with flowing brown hair, which time had painted with streaks of grey. She glanced at the two young people and smiled. The presence of the girl had blessed her life. She hoped, in the recesses of her mind, that the young man’s presence would further add to her blessings.
She looked at the young man and spoke. “Arii, I think it is time.”
The young man looked up. “Is my training over so soon, Teacher? It has just been a year.”
The look on his face belied his wish that the he could extend the time.
Feraun smiled. “You have learned much of our lore, Arii. You have learned enough for me to allow you to enter the Order as an Apprentice.”
“But it seems I have just begun,” he answered.
“Indeed, you have. You have spent last summer studying the plants and have learned the most important ones. You have learned their uses, as well as how to harvest them and prepare them for use. You have used the winter well, learning to prepare teas, tinctures and potions. You skill has advanced to a level most do not achieve after two years of study. You are ready to go back to your uncle. You are ready to begin the studies which will make you a great wizard.”
Arii rolled the scroll he had been studying up and tied it with a worn leather strap. He glanced at Feraun. “When will you invest me, Teacher?”
“I have just sent a yuhma bird to Nerza with a message. I will perform the rite in two days, at the zenith of the sun.”
Arii laid the scroll on the chair as he stood up. “What must I do to prepare for the test?”
Again, Feraun smiled. “There will be no test. You have satisfied my requirements. You cured Cirile’s headache and prepared my rheumatism medicine. And the potion you prepared for Chirr,” here her eye wandered to her beloved black and white cat, “cleared up her infected eye. You are ready.”
“Thank you, Teacher. I will always treasure the time you and Cirile gave to me.”
“It is not the end, Arii. You will always be a welcome visitor at our hearth.”
Cirile flashed a smile at Arii. “Yes, Arii, you are. You must come back to see us. Often, I hope.”
Arii blushed as he looked at the girl. His thoughts went back over the previous year. In many ways, it had been the happiest year of his life. Nerza had come to see him often, though less through the difficult winter months.
Feraun had been a good teacher, and Arii had grown to like her.
The feeling he had for Cirile was different, though. He had never felt that way about anyone before. The long hours they spent together studying before the fireplace he would treasure always. He still remembered her laughter when he prepared something wrong with unexpected results.
He loved the way she moved about the small kitchen as she helped Feraun prepare their meals. As he looked at her smiling eyes, he wanted this moment to live forever. 

It was a year to the day that Arii had arrived at Feraun’s cottage. The sun had driven off the spring rains and the grass and rapidly greening trees were glowing in its radiance.
The apple tree in the back of Feraun’s house was aglow with blossoms and their fragrance filled the air. The hum of bees gathering the nectar of the blossoms tickled the ears of the people gathered below the tree’s branches.
The forest gathered itself at the back of Feraun’s garden. Birds twittered in the trees as they gathered food for fattening babies held in the nests high above the ground.
Arii was kneeling in the moist earth before Feraun. She looked down into his eyes and noted the power that lurked behind them. She smiled. There was also goodness there. Not like that other wizard. This was a good power, held by a good wizard.
She tapped his right shoulder, then his left. “I find, supplicant, that you have fulfilled the requirements of the Exalted Order of the Healers. I hereby invest you with the Apprentice level in our order. Stand and receive your token.”
Arii stood. Feraun draped the token over his neck. It was a heal-all blossom, dried and preserved with magic, suspended on a silver chain.
“Welcome to our Order, Apprentice. May you always find the healing that you seek.”
Arii bowed and turned to Nerza and Cirile who were standing behind him. He smiled first at Nerza, and then his eyes lit on Cirile.
A look of horror crossed his face. The forest loomed behind Cirile, and there, crashing through the trees, came a huge red form. An angry red eye glared at him as it reached the edge of the forest.
Nerza and Cirile turned. The girl’s scream echoed across the garden.
“Go inside,” Nerza shouted as he withdrew his wand. He ran towards the monster and stopped. He pointed his wand at Gwaum, a flash of fire swept towards the monster’s single red eye.
The fireball struck the monster’s eye and Gwaum cried out in rage. He turned, grabbed a huge tree and ripped it from the earth, the roots flinging wet clumps of dirt and rock.
He flung the tree at Nerza, who fell as it struck his legs. Arii snapped out of his stupor. He ran towards the monster and withdrew his wand. Pointing the wand into the air, he shouted a spell learned many years before. The air about his feet began to swirl. It danced off, towards the monster that was now advancing towards Nerza, arms outstretched.
The whirlwind increased in intensity as it engulfed the monster. Gwaum tried to sidestep the circling winds, but Arii’s concentration kept him in its midst.
Faster and faster the winds raced. Gwaum’s screams echoed, filling Arii’s ears with their terror. He kept the winds circling, increasing in speed still more, before finally sweeping the monster up. His feet left the ground.
Arii closed his eyes and focused his energy. He gave his wand a final flourish. The winds carried Gwaum further and further into the sky. His cries grew fainter and fainter. The red monster became a black dot in the sky.
Arii dropped his wand to his side. The black dot halted, and then plunged out of sight.
“Arii, you have done it. You have destroyed the monster.” Cirile’s words filled his ears. He remembered his uncle. He turned to see Nerza, face ashen in pain, trapped by the tree across his legs.
Arii pointed his wand at the tree and chanted. Another whirlwind arose. It caught the branches of the tree, raising it higher and higher.
He was growing tired. The effort with Gwaum had exhausted him. Another major spell so close on its heels seemed impossible, but another look at Nerza’s face drove him to greater effort. The tree rose further, and Feraun was able to pull Nerza from the grasp of the tree.
His eyes closed, and his body became limp.
Horror gripped Arii. His uncle was dead. 

The fire crackled and the man on the floor groaned. Blankets encased him and his legs held rigid by splints. His face was gaining color. Then his eyes opened to find three pairs of eyes focused on him.
His weak voice asked the question in his eyes. “How is it that we still live?”
“Arii killed the monster,” said Cirile, her eyes glowing with pride as she looked at the boy who held his uncle’s hand.
“Killed the monster? How?” Nerza looked at Arii.
“I used a whirlwind to lift him after your fireball blinded him. I picked him high into the air and dropped him from a great height. He could not have survived.”
Nerza said nothing at this. Arii noted his troubled eyes and knew that Nerza doubted the Gwaum was dead.
“What of my legs?” His hand rubbed the splinted limbs.
“You suffered a break below your right knee. It will heal fine and be good as new,” said Feraun.
“What of the left?”
“The tree shattered that one. I have done what I can, but that one will remain lame, I fear.”
Nerza laid his head back on the pillow that cradled his head.
“I will be a cripple.”
“Do not fear,” said Arii. “We will nurse you back to health, Uncle. I will stay with you and help you.”
Nerza glanced at Arii, and Cirile stood by his side.
He might be a cripple, but he was satisfied. Arii would be a great wizard. The monster was gone. Maybe Island World would now become what it was. Peace would come to the land. However, doubt plagued his mind.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




First Steps

Pain shot through his legs as Nerza grasped the wooden crutches and pulled himself up. The herbal concoctions Feraun brewed for him helped the pain, but did not eliminate it.
The road to his recovery had been long and filled with pain. Feraun worked her magic. It had been touch and go. Feraun feared at first that she would have to amputate the leg, but with her skill and magic, she saved them. He glanced down at the relics on which he stood. He still had his legs. He would learn to live with the pain.
He turned, his attention caught by the sound of the door opening.
Arii entered the cottage. “How are you this morning, Uncle Nerza?”
Nerza smiled. “I am doing as well. Feraun has done all she can do. It is time for us to return to my cottage. We must continue your training.”
Arii nodded. “If you feel you are up to it, Uncle.”
“It is important that you train for our order, Arii. This injury has diminished my abilities. I am not the wizard I once was.”
“You are still powerful, Uncle, but shouldn't we stay here to complete my training? Feraun and Cirile will be happy to keep us here.”
“I know that they would, but your training will be intense. We can afford few distractions. The secret methods we use must remain a secret. Here someone might oversee us. In untrained hands, they are dangerous.”
The sound of the door opening interrupted their conversation. Two figures entered. Feraun carried fresh cut flowers, whose fragrance filled the room. Feraun smiled as she entered. “Good morning Arii. Good morning Nerza. I see you are up and well this morning.”
She placed the flowers on the wooden table, picked up a shears and began trimming the stems of the flowers as she placed them in a vase. Cirile glanced at Arii and smiled. She watched as Feraun filled the vase with flowers, and then poured water from a pitcher into the vase.
“Aren’t these pretty, Nerza. The flowers this summer are the best I have seen in years.”
She looked at Nerza. The smile left her face. “You have decided it is time to go, haven’t you.”
Nerza nodded. “Yes. It is time that Arii completed his training.”
Cirile’s eyes wandered to Arii. Disappointment clouded those eyes. “I will miss you, Arii.”
“We are not so far away, Cirile. I will still come to visit, when Arii allows it.”
Feraun and Nerza exchanged quiet glances. Another form of magic was occurring before their eyes.
“There will be breaks, Arii. It will be a long road; there is much for you to learn.”
“When will we go, Uncle?”
“I think tomorrow morning we will leave. It will take a couple of days to get things back in order in my house. Then we will begin.”
Arii walked towards the door. “Then I think I will take a walk and enjoy the view of the bay in the sunlight.” He opened the door and went out into the morning.
Cirile glanced at the closed door. “I think I could use a walk too.” 

Nephew and uncle spent the first few days back at the cottage putting things in order. Arii had visited from time to time to tend it, but no one had lived there in many months. Finally, Nerza felt they were ready. He called Arii.
Arii sat down, facing his uncle.
“We are ready to begin, Arii. Today we will start to explore the nuances of the Order of the Golden Star.”
“Is this magic as complex as what I have already learned?”
Nerza smiled. “It is more complex, but there is not as much that will be new to you. The magic of our Order builds on much of what you have already learned of the other Orders. You will learn to combine that magic.”
“Can I make up new spells, then Uncle?”
“After you have mastered the methods, yes, you will be able to do that. Indeed, you have done some of that already, but there is magic that is unique to our Order, also. Only those dedicated to magic can master the craft. It takes superior ability to draw upon the resources you have and focus them.”
“Will this take another two years, Uncle?”
Nerza shrugged. “You have great aptitude for magic, Arii. I am hoping we can do it in less, but to do so, it will take all your concentration. We cannot have distractions. That is why I wanted to come here, away from Feraun’s cottage.” The graceful figure of Cirile grew before his eyes.
Arii seemed to sense his uncle’s thoughts. He blushed.
“I will work hard, Uncle.”
“It will take much more than hard work, Arii. It requires a dedication greater than you have already shown.”
Nerza picked up his staff. He pointed the handle towards Arii so he could see the golden star on the tip of the handle. Nerza grasped the star and withdrew the wand from the hilt of the staff.
“Your wand and your staff are your most important tools. Your wand you have already chosen. Now is it time for you to create your staff.”
Arii stood. “Then I should begin, Uncle. I will go to the forests and choose a rod of wood.”
Nerza smiled. “You will not find your staff in the forest, Arii.”
“Then where will I find it, Uncle?”
“You will not find it Arii. You must create it.”
“How do I create a staff, Uncle?”
“Your staff’s creation marks your studies’ culmination, Arii. When you have created it, you will be a Wizard of the Golden Star.”
Nerza thrust his staff at Arii. “Study the star on the handle.”
Arii studied the star. “The raised upper point seems to shimmer from an inner fire. It is warm to the touch.”
“That is because it burns with a fire of my own life’s essence.”
Arii’s eyes fastened on Nerza. The wizard continued, “The lower points of the star represent the four orders you have already studied. The upper point represents the Order of the Golden Star. The star and the staff are one. The combined powers of the other four orders, as well as part of your life’s essence, combine to create it. Take out the tokens you received from the other orders.”
Arii took the chain from around his neck that held the tokens.
“Lay them on the table.”
Arii took them off the chain and laid the tokens on the table in front of him.
“Name them.”
Arii touched the last one he had earned. “This is a vial containing the nectar of the heal-all plant. The plant has no healing properties of its own, but is a necessary ingredient of all the important healing potions and teas.” He next touched a crystal that burned with a golden fire. “This crystal contains part of the Everlasting Fire, the origin of the powers of the Order of the Everlasting Flame.” His fingers next found a shimmering, liquid orb. “This vial is from the Order of the Encircling Waters. Water droplets of the eight rivers of Island World, as well as waters from the four encircling seas make up its contents.”
Arii fingered the last vial, held it up and studied its contents. “This vial contains the Breath of Island World, collected from the summit of the Mountain of Seven Rivers. It is a sacred site for the Order of the Encircling Winds.”
“Why do you think that I do not have a similar chain?”
Arii shrugged. “I guess I thought you kept it in a drawer, or something. You are a Wizard of the Golden Star and no longer need them.”
“Arii, I do still need them and I carry all those tokens. They are always with me.”
“Where do you carry them, Uncle?”
“Study the staff, but do not touch it.”
Arii ran his eyes along the shaft of the staff. He could detect no seam where the golden star became one with the staff.
“It appears as a single piece, Uncle.”
“That is because it is, Arii. The tokens of all four orders compose it, plus part my life force.”
“I do not understand, Uncle. How can you impart your own life force into the staff?”
“That is the difficult part, Arii. You have already combined magic from two orders. To create the staff, you must learn to combine the magic of all four orders at once. You must focus your thoughts. When you have succeeded, the staff will form from elements of your chain. After the staff forms a small portion of your life force transfers to the staff. In essence, the staff becomes a part of you and contains the elements of all you have learned.”
Nerza’s eyes studied the puzzled face that looked at him.
“You will learn, Arii. You have shown an understanding of magic which supersedes even mine at your stage of development.”
“I hope to understand, Uncle.”
“Our magic is not just a magic of written spells and herbal recipes, Arii. The staff and wand become one. Still separate, but inseparable. It will sense your need and produce the necessary magic, using the required elements from the four orders.”
“Then I won’t study spells and potions.”
Nerza shook his head. “No. You will be drawing upon the things you have learned. We will start with simple things and work our way up. The biggest hurdles you will encounter are in your mind. There are still spells and charms that we use, but these are specialized ones for specific purposes. I will want to start immediately on your quest.”
“You seem in haste, Uncle.”
Nerza stood and walked to the window, admiring the well-kept garden near the apple tree. 
“Things are happening, Arii. I hear rumors from distant lands.”
“Have you had messages by your yuhma birds?”
Nerza nodded. “From the south of Torne there are tales of a ship which visited many years ago. The people on this ship landed near the old town of Mye. They spent time hunting and filling their casks with fresh water. They then left. No one knows who these people were, or where they went. The people who live near the sea report seeing strange goings on the island off the coast of Mye, which is visible from the shore. Smoke is visible at times, and occasional hunting parties still land near Mye.”
“No one lives on the island?”
“No one has since the Time of Troubles many decades ago. But it seems inhabited now.”
“Who are these people?”
With a shrug, Nerza said, “That I, nor no one else, know now. There is more. The Raiders have been hunting more often, with an unknown purpose in mind. They seem particularly interested in any wizards that they find.”
“What interest would these Raiders, whoever they are, have in wizards?”
Nerza shrugged. “There is a reason if Gwaum still lives.”
“We have not seen or heard anything of Gwaum since our battle with him.”
“He may have survived, Arii.”
“Where did Gwaum come from, Uncle? You have never told me the tale.”
He turned to Arii. “Soon, I will tell you of Gwaum and the circumstances of his birth. But this can wait for now.”
Arii stood and joined his uncle at the window. “These Raiders, has anyone ever escaped them?”
“Not that I have ever heard. They hunt in bands. Gwaum destroyed the kingdoms and scattered the people. There is a legend that long ago, before the time of the Raiders, a group of captives escaped Gwaum. It happened when I was quite young and away in Nuckland. I returned many years later. By that time, these people, if they even existed, had vanished into the mountains. There are reports of their existence from time to time, but I was never able to find them.”
“Why have you not mentioned any of this before?”
Nerza rubbed his chin. “The tragedy of my sister’s death drove it from my mind. Raising you and seeing to your training has occupied my time. Your welfare became more important and I gave up the hunt.”
Nerza turned from the window. “The sun is going down. We will eat, and then you should rest. Tomorrow we will begin. First, though, I want to walk in the garden. The evening is always best spent among the plants and gathering dew.”
Nerza, supported by his crutches, hobbled out of the door and into the twilight, leaving Arii alone with his thoughts.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




First Success

The dust devil danced and shivered in the mid morning sun. With pointed wand and focused mind, Arii tightened it until it was a thin wisp only a couple of inches in diameter.
“Now, bring the point up slow, Arii. Concentrate, this time.”
Power flowed from his mind, into his shoulder and down his arm. Tightening the grip on the wand, Arii steadied it and envisioned the Wind Circle in his mind. The rotating tip of the whirlwind rose from the ground and began inching its way up. At the same time, the upper portion of the vortex curved down. Now was the critical time. If the wind’s velocity in the dust devil was too strong, the mouth of the vortex would suck all the air out of itself and the dust devil would vanish. If too weak it would dissipated before the spell was complete.
The whirlwind now formed a sideways “U” shape and the opposite ends of the wind began to close. Then they touched. With a loud “pop” the wind circle vanished.
“Damn,” Arii said. “I almost had it.”
“The wind was too strong, Arii. You must have it perfect for the spell to work.”
“I am weary of this exercise, Uncle. In the days I have tried I have not yet succeeded. Can we move on to something else and then come back to this?”
“No, Arii. You must master this skill before you move on. The next step requires complete control over the dust devil.”
“When Zaleb told me that this was the most important of spells I would use, I didn’t really believe him. I have never seen you use it.”
“Its use in our magic is subtle, almost undetectable in most cases. It is important and it is the key to you’re becoming a Wizard of the Golden Star. You must master the dust devil.”
“It is impossible, Uncle. Always, when I try to draw it together the winds within the dust devil are either too strong or too weak. I will never learn this spell.”
“Arii, I tried for many months to master the spell. You are too impatient.”
At this Arii sheathed his wand and walked towards the door. “I want to take a walk, Uncle.”
The door opened and Arii stepped out into the waxing afternoon. Nerza walked to the window and watched as the young man walked at a brisk pace down the walk and into the lane. He knew where Arii was going. He would not follow. Arii would return at nightfall, not before. Tomorrow the young wizard would be ready to try again. 

The well-worn path led through the forest and down to the river and the place Arii went for solace when he felt troubled. The river came into view as he reached the bottom of the path, its waters shimmering in the afternoon sun. The heat of the sun felt good on his back. Arii slipped the robe off and his sandals and stepped out on the rock which jutted out into the current. He stood and dove into the deep, black pool. Down he swam, scanning the bottom with his eyes. In the murky depths, he saw the object of his search. Scarface, the bristlefish, was in his usual spot, lazing in the current on the downstream side of a large boulder at the bottom of the river. He touched the fish’s mind and approached it. He grasped the spiny fins at the sides of its head and laid his head close to the fish’s back. A pocket of air expanded from the fish’s gills and enclosed Arii’s face. Arii breathed the air produced by the fish’s gills and sent a command to the fish’s mind.
The fish arose from the bottom, carrying Arii along the bottom of the river.
A familiar presence touched his mind and Arii allowed the thought to enter his mind.
“Arii, it is good to see you.”
Arii commanded the fish to stop. He wheeled about and looked upon the smiling face of Moog. “And you, Teacher. You are the one I have searched for.”
Moog studied his former student’s face. He read a familiar look there. “Something troubles you, Arii.”
“I cannot learn the spell that Nerza wishes me to learn. It is too hard.”
“I have never known you to run from a challenge, Arii. It’s not that the spell is too difficult; it is you that are trying too hard. You must relax and let the magic flow through you.”
“That is what Nerza keeps telling me, but I cannot wrap my mind around the magic.”
“The magic of the Golden Star is very difficult magic to grasp, Arii. You have only been working at it for a few weeks. Most wizards of that order strive for many years to master the craft.”
“I do not have years, Teacher. The Raiders are devastating the land. There is a mysterious settlement on the island off the shore of Mye of which no one seems to know anything. Uncle Nerza has heard that the Raiders are searching for a wizard of his order. He fears that Gwaum still lives. Events appear heading towards some great event that requires my readiness. I am not ready.”
Moog settled on a rock near his former charge. “This settlement of which you speak, we nixes are aware of.”
“Can you tell me anything about it?”
Moog shook his head. “There is only a small stream on the island which is not big enough for nixes to navigate.”
“So you can tell me nothing about them?”
“No, young wizard, I cannot. Only that they speak a strange language. We have watched them when the visit the mainland to hunt and fish. More than that, we cannot tell.”
Moog arose from the bottom of the river. “They need me in Mualla, Arii, so I must leave you now.”
Arii left the fish and extended his hands. Moog and his fingers touched in the traditional nix greeting and farewell.
“Goodbye, Teacher. May your waters always run sweet.”
Moog bowed his head and replied, “And yours, Arii.”
At this, the nix wizard swam away. Arii watched him, then remounted Scarface and rode him back to Scarface’s boulder.
Arii surfaced and climbed up on the rock, water dripping from his body, spotting it. He found a spot to sit near the water’s edge, allowing the sun to dry his wet body.
The water’s sweet scent clung to the bank near the boulder, perfuming the air. Bees hummed as they gathered the nectar and butterflies flitted among the wildflowers which dotted the bank. A backwater which formed downstream from the boulder caught his eye.
A whirlpool formed by the opposing currents of the water swirled, lazy in the afternoon sun as it swirled and danced on the surface. Arii studied the whirlpool with interest. What was a whirlpool but a watery version of the dust devil? If he could understand the whirlpool, he could understand the dust devil.
He slipped back into the water and swam into the center of the whirlpool. He could feel the cool water against his skin and sense the currents as they played against each other. He closed his eyes and allowed his mind to explore the currents. He felt one with the waters as he allowed the current to twist his body.
He emerged from the water and returned to his perch on the rock. He withdrew his wand and pointed it at the whirlpool. The vortex’s intensity increased. He could hear the sound of the water as it sucked air from the surface and pulled it beneath the waves. Faster and faster the waters circled. The whirlpool grew in size.
He could feel the power of the waters as they circled. He felt the magic flow from his body and into the whirlpool. He closed his eyes and allowed the magic to ebb. The waters slowed and the whirlpool closed. When he opened his eyes, the whirlpool was again a small, insignificant vortex in a large river. In Arii’s eyes, the whirlpool was no longer insignificant. It was a teacher and he respected it. 

The sun was low in the horizon, casting long shadows across the road when Arii emerged from the forest. The wind was lying down and birds chattered in the forest and bushes which lined the road. He strolled along towards the abode of Nerza. As he approached the cottage he stopped. It had been many days since it last rained and dust lay heavy on the surface of the road. Arii pulled out his wand and extended it. He closed his eyes for a moment and then reopened them. A small dust devil danced in the road, carrying the fine dust aloft as it levitated it from the road. Faster and faster it twirled, and a cloud of dust emerged from its apex. The tip of the dust devil rose slightly from the surface of the road. It continued upwards until the dust devil formed an “L” shape. Now the top of the devil bent downwards forming a “U”.
Arii held the dust devil steady and gathered his strength. The two tips approached each other. Arii slowed the approach, controlling the wind held within it with his will. The gap between the top and bottom lessened. Now they were just inches apart. Sweat dripped from Arii’s forehead and on his chin. His eyes burned from the salty perspiration as it glazed his eyes.
Exhaustion nipped at him, but Arii ignored its cloud. With a last spurt of energy, he forced the two tips together.
He had done it. The wind circle hovered in the air before him, dancing in the late afternoon sun.
“Arii, you have succeeded.”
Arii saw his uncle ran down the path from the cottage to the road. Arii ran to his uncle and the two embraced, both laughing and shouting into the gathering darkness.
Arii went into the cottage feeling exhausted. A tingle of excitement ran down his spine and suffused itself into his body. He had done it. He was finally on the road to becoming a Wizard of the Golden Star.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Glade

The vortex was spinning so fast that it seemed a solid object that glowed with a golden fire.
“Steady, Arii, now draw it towards you.”
Arii, his face and his eyes displaying fierce concentration, gave the wand a slight upward flick. The end of the vortex rose from the ground and the top began tilting towards the young wizard.
“Pull it in, Arii.”
The vortex inched closer to the young wizard until it touched the end of the wand. Arii could feel the gushing winds as they exited the top of the vortex. The end of the wand wavered, but Arii managed to hold it still.
“That is good, Arii. End the spell.”
The vortex vanished, a loud crack resounding as the air around the former vortex crashed back together.
Nerza held his hands over his ears and glared at his nephew. “Not so fast, Arii. You will deafen me yet.”
Arii smiled and said, “I love to do that.”
Nerza shook his head and sat down on the ground. “You are ready for the final trial, Arii.”
Arii glanced at his uncle and smiled again. “Are you serious? I am finally to become a Wizard of the Golden Star?”
Nerza nodded. “Tomorrow you must rest and fast. At dawn the following day, we will meet in the glade. There you will become a Wizard of the Golden Star.”
“Why in the glade?”
“It is a sacred place for our family. I became a Wizard of the Golden Star there, as did many generations before me. The isolation there eliminates distractions.”
“What preparations should I make, Uncle?”
“You only need to rest and fast, Arii. I will spend tomorrow night sleeping in the glade. Come there tomorrow at dawn. Make sure you have the tokens with you.”
“I still have not yet created a staff, Uncle.”
Nerza’s eyes met Arii’s eyes. “That will be your task at the final rite, Arii.”
“But how will I create it? What will I make if from?”
“Have you not guessed, Arii?”
Arii’s thoughts progressed over all that he had learned. “I think I know, Uncle.”
Nerza nodded. “Just make sure you are ready.”
“I will be, Uncle.”
Arii walked down the road and found the path that led to the river. The sun was setting in the western sky and the steady, high-pitched hum of the blood flies filled his ears. He sat on the boulder overlooking the river and watched as fish flicked at the top of the waters. It was early fall. Arii’s steady progress through the steps took all summer. After mastering the wind circle, Arii learned the water column, then the fire column. Mastery of the column of fire and water followed. Today’s lesson completed the steps. Nerza said he was ready. Arii watched as twilight deepened. He wished he felt as confident as his uncle was. In two days, it would be over. He would be a Wizard of the Golden Star. 

Arii emerged from the forest and stopped. Dawn painted the clouds in the eastern sky with the first fires of the rising sun. Birds were just beginning their morning serenade. The air was calm, tinted with the fragrances of the autumn wildflowers that grew in the glade. He continued walking to the center of the glade and found a circle cleared of all vegetation. A round, flat stone, gray in the dim light of morning, lay at the center.
Nerza stood at the opposite side of the stone. Arii glanced first at the stone, then at Nerza. “I don’t remember this stone. Has it always been here?”
“This is the Wizard’s Stone. It emerges only when needed. And today I need it.”
Nerza held his hands out towards Arii and beckoned with his fingers. “Come, Arii. It is time.”
Arii approached the stone.
“Place the tokens on the stone.”
Arii removed the chain from his neck and laid it on the stone.
“Place the Crystal of Fire in the center of the stone.”
Arii removed the Crystal from the chain and moved it to the center.
“Now open the Vial of Waters and place it on the right.”
After he did this, Nerza said, “Place the Heal-All Blossom into the water.”
Arii laid the dried blossom on the water. He could smell the sharp, mint fragrance as it immersed in the water.
Next Nerza said, “Take the Vial of the Winds in your hands and stand opposite me.”
Nerza, his hands folded in front of him, looked at Arii. “You will have only one chance. If you succeed, you will be a Wizard of the Golden Star. If you fail, you will have destroyed all the connections you have to the wizard world. You will no longer belong to any of the orders.”
“But four orders have inducted me.”
“Only a Wizard of the Golden Star may belong to all four orders. If you fail to conduct this rite successfully, expulsion from them all follows consigning you to the edge of the wizard world.”
Arii’s heart skipped a beat and his innards felt coiled like an evil snake.
“Are you ready, supplicant?”
Arii nodded.
“Remove the cork from the Vial of the Winds and inhale them into your lungs.”
Arii removed the cork, placed the mouth of the vial in his mouth and inhaled.
“Now extend your wand towards the Vial of the Waters and exhale the Winds.”
Arii exhausted the Winds from his lungs, felt the hot blast flow down his arm and towards the wand. He propelled the winds to the Vial of Waters.
“Form a vortex and draw the waters into it.”
The Winds began to turn in a circle that Arii drew tighter and tighter. The vortex formed and Arii lifted it above the Waters. Careful to control wind’s velocity, he drew the water into the vortex.
When the Vial of Waters was empty, Nerza said, “Now move the vortex over the Crystal of Fire and draw the Crystal into the vortex.”
The vortex moved from the vial to the crystal, and Arii settled it on the crystal. He drew the Crystal into the vortex. As it entered it, the crystal seemed to melt and the fire infused the vortex with a golden light.
“Draw the top of the vortex towards you.”
The vortex shuddered and then lifted from the stone. It began to tilt towards Arii and began to approach the extended wand. Closer and closer it came. Arii could feel the blast of the wind as it exited the top of the vortex. His wand faltered as the winds buffeted it. Arii felt like he was losing it. The vortex shifted and began to dissipate.
With a surge of power, Arii righted it. Perspiration ran from his forehead and his body quaked. The energy drain on his body exhausted him. He again wavered and the vortex shifted.
Pulling himself together, Arii focused still more power on the vortex. It began inching towards him again.
“Pull it over the wand. It must touch your fingers.”
The vortex covered the wand. Arii could feel the winds tearing at his fingers, threatening to wrest them from their grip on the wand.
“Pull the fire towards you and touch it with your mind.”
Arii felt the fiery touch of the Flames as the reached his fingers. He reached out with his mind. As he touched the Fire with his mind, he felt himself drawn from his body. His soul flowed to the base of the vortex and into its depths. He felt himself drawn in towards a golden fire. As he passed through the fire, he felt a small portion of his soul broken off. The remainder gushed from the top of the vortex and into nothingness.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Rebirth

His first vision was that of his uncle’s face, eyes brimming with concern, looking into his.
Arii sat up. He found himself lying on the flat stone holding a white staff with a golden star on the tip of the handle. Excitement surged through his body.
“I did it. I am a Wizard of the Golden Star.” There was a blank spot in his memory. He remembered the vortex sucking him in. Then there was darkness.
He shook his head, trying to shake the memories loose. He looked at his uncle and asked, “What happened?”
“You passed through the void, Arii.”
“I don’t understand, Uncle.”
“You died, Arii, as we all do when we achieve the status of Wizard of the Golden Star.”
“If I died, how am I still alive?”
“It is the magic of the Calling Stone. When your soul left your body, the stone called it back before it entered the land of the dead. So you died and yet you live.”
“So all Wizards of the Golden Star are born on this stone?”
“Yes, Arii. We all come into being on this stone.”
“But do all Wizards of the Golden Star come to this glade?”
Nerza shook his head. “No. As I said, the stone appears when someone needs it. That is why I had to spend the night in this glade. I had to call the stone. When you get off it, the need vanishes. The stone will disappear and goes where it goes until someone needs it again.”
Arii swung his legs off the stone, felt the ground beneath his feet and stood. When he glanced behind him, the stone was gone.
He grasped his staff and glanced at his uncle, eyes shining in pride. “Thank you, Uncle. You have made me a Wizard of the Golden Star.”
Nerza shook his head. “You made yourself a Wizard yourself, Arii. It was your drive and talent. I only showed you the way.”
“I can’t wait to show Cirile. And Moog.”
“Tomorrow is soon enough, Arii. You have passed through the shadows today and expended a great deal of energy. Today you must rest. Tomorrow you may go to the river and visit your friends. Then you can visit Cirile.”
Nerza reached out and gripped Arii’s hand. “Come, young wizard. You must eat and then sleep. Then you may begin to enjoy your new powers.”
As the young and old wizard walked back to the stone cottage, Arii was happy. After many years of struggle and strife, he had achieved his goal. For the moment, the shadow of Gwaum lay hidden from him. He thought only of Cirile and of how happy she would be. 

The morning lark’s song touched his ears with its happy song. Arii stood on the boulder and watched the river flow by. He shed his clothing and plunged into the cold waters. Swimming towards the bottom, he soon found the object of his search. Scarface hung behind his usual boulder, facing upstream, and waiting for food to come by.
The fish paused as Arii’s mind touched it. The young wizard swam to the huge bristlefish, grasped its fins and laid his head behind the fish’s head. A bubble of air grew out from the fish’s gills and encompassed Arii’s head. A command passed from his mind to the fish’s and the fish began to swim down, to the bottom of the river. He followed the bottom of the river for many miles, exchanging one fish for another as the fish tired. His plan was to travel to the Nix city of Mualla. The city lay just offshore of the old, ruined city of Cleery. Feraun’s cottage occupied one of the hills overlooking the city. After seeing the Nixian city, he would go ashore and visit Feraun and Cirile. It would be a wonderful day.
The water grew lighter as the sun rose higher in the sky above the river. The dark circle at the bottom of the river became visible. Arii could see nixes as the entered and exited the hole. His calculations were correct and he arrived at Mualla during the Summer Star Festival. He circled above the hole, waiting. He did not wish to enter the city unbidden. Many nixes saw him and pointed in his direction. He felt the excited pulsations of their minds.
After a few minutes, a young nix emerged from the city and swam towards him. He recognized the nix as his friend Cerna.
When they grew close, Cerna extended his hands. Arii released the fish and gripped his friend’s hands in the traditional Nix greeting. He felt his friend’s mind touch his.”
“Arii, it is good to see you. It has been many tides since you have been here.”
“I have been away a long time, Cerna.”
“Have you completed your task, my friend?”
“Yes, Cerna. I am a member of the Order of the Golden Star.”
Cerna released Arii’s hands. “That is wonderful, Arii. The news will delight Moog. You have arrived just in time. It is the time of our festival.”
“I will need to capture another fish,” said Arii.
Arii located a large one in a depression in the river’s bottom. He cast his spell and soon was riding the fish, his head encased in a bubble of air. The wizard and the nix entered the city.
A crowd on nixes gathered around the young wizard. His mind was busy touching the minds of many of his old friends.
Then he felt the touch he had been waiting for. He turned the fish and the smiling face of Moog was before him.
“Ah, young Arii, I see that you have come to visit our fair city beneath the water.”
Arii gripped the fish with his legs and extended his hands to greet his teacher. “Greetings, Teacher. I have longed to see you and your city again.”
“I see by your staff that you have achieved your goal. You are a member of the Order of the Golden Star.”
“I am, Teacher.” He held his staff out for the wizard to see.
Moog’s smiled. “It is a difficult Order to master, Arii, but I had no doubts that you would achieve it. You could have not had a better teacher than your uncle Nerza.”
“He was a wonderful teacher.”
“You have gotten a wonderful thing, Arii. I have been in contact with nixes from various quarters of Island World. There is both fear and admiration for you.”
Arii’s eyes focused on Moog. “Fear?”
“Yes, fear. Your magical talents are well known. The last wizard of your abilities turned bad. There is fear that you will follow in his footsteps.”
“Is this the one that no one will talk about? I have tried to get Uncle Nerza to tell me about him, but he keeps stalling.”
“I will leave it for your Uncle, Arii. When he feels ready to tell you, he will tell you.”
By now, the group of nixes had reached the center of the festival. Again, Arii watched the dancing nixes as they enjoyed the music.
“I think,” said Moog, “that you have grown strong enough to listen to our music, Arii. I will open your ears gradually so as not to overwhelm you with its power. You will need to dissolve the air bubble so the cadence can touch your ears.”
Arii commanded the fish to stop. The fish descended to the bottom and Arii took a deep breath. Then the air bubble dissolved. For a moment, Arii heard nothing but the gentle caressing of the notes upon his ears. The sounds increased until he could feel the full majesty of the music. He closed his eyes and drank the sound in. He could feel the power of the music as it swept into him. He could feel the power of the seas, the darkness of its depths and the glories of the creatures and plants that lived in it. He could feel the beautiful coral reefs and wondrous meadows of sea kelps that lined the shallow waters.
As the wonder of it swept through him, Arii was aware of Moog’s filter. He longed to listen to the full cadence of the music. The end of his staff began to glow and Arii felt Moog’s mind filter dissolve. The full force of the music enveloped him. His head began to swim. A black dot appeared before his eyes. The dot grew until it was all he could see. His fingers lost their grip on the fish and he floated up, bubbles exuding from his mouth and nose.
Moog, a look of horror on his face, leaned forward and embraced Arii. A bubble of air arose from Moog’s gills and enveloped Arii’s head. Clutching Arii in his arms, he arose from the depths and exited the city.
He raced through the murky water and soon reached the top. He laid Arii on a sand bar that extended from the bank of the river. He breathed into his mouth and pressed on his chest. The young wizard lay still, his face white and lips bloodless. He heard Cerna’s footsteps coming up behind him. The nix knelt to examine Arii.
“He is dead,” said Cerna.
An arrow whisked past his face.
“Look, the river monsters have killed that man.”
Moog looked up to see a group of humans approaching. Another was fitting an arrow to his bow. One, already aimed, released the arrow.
“Take his staff. I cannot,” said Moog.
Cerna grasped Arii’s staff, somersaulted backwards, and splashed into the water as the arrow flashed by. He heard the splash as Moog dove in near him. More arrows rained into the river around them. Moog, despairing at the death of his friend and student, swam deeper into the depths of the river. When they reached the bottom, they reentered the city. A group of nixes gathered about him.
Moog buried his face in his hands and then looked at Cerna. “He is dead. Arii is dead. I could not save him.”
He related what had happened.
“You should have brought him with you,” said one of the nixes. “At least we could have taken his body back to Nerza.”
“There was no time,” said Moog. “They came upon us too quickly and they were well armed.”
“Perhaps there is still something we can do,” said Cerna. “We can surface in numbers. We can attack them.”
“We have no weapons, Cerna. My magic is useless on land. They are too strong for us.”
“Nonetheless, we must try. I cannot allow my friend’s body to fall into the hands of humans who will not respect him.”
At this, the nixes swam towards the surface of the river. Moog’s head surfaced first and he looked to the sand bar. The men had gone. Arii’s body was gone.
“They have taken him,” said Moog. “We have lost our friend.”
He glanced at the staff held now in Cerna’s hand. “We must return this to Nerza. We must tell him what has happened to his nephew.”
Moog glanced up at the surface of the river. The light of day was fading.
“We must begin at once. We will arrive by morning. It will be a sad beginning of the day for our friend Nerza.”
A solemn procession of nixes began the journey upstream, towards the cottage of Nerza.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Message Waylaid

The kettle over the fire began to boil and the rich fragrance of mahfra filled the cottage. Nerza removed it from the fire and placed it on the wooden table to steep. After adding fat to the pan, he swung it over the flames to heat. He went out to the well and pulled on the rope that descended into its inky dark depths. A wooden bucket with eggs and butter packed inside came into view. Nerza chose two eggs and cut off a sliver of butter from the block. Then he lowered the bucket back into the well.
He cracked the eggs, slipped the contents into the now hot melted grease and added some rian strips from the larder. The eggs and meat strips spattered and sputtered as they fried. Nerza cut two slices of bread and put them on his plate. After cooking the eggs and rian strips he slid them on his plate. He sat at the table looking out the window and watched the birds fluttering around the garden outside. It was a satisfying morning. Arii had become a Wizard of the Golden Star. Gwaum appeared absent from Island World since their encounter those many years ago. Only the mysterious dwellers on the island off Mye and the Raiders were now troubling Island World. They would be able to manage those threats. If indeed, the dwellers on the island were threats.
Nerza could see the future ordained to him. Arii and Cirile would marry. There would be children. With Gwaum gone, he and Arii could deal with these Raiders. Few forces were more powerful than two Wizards of the Golden Star were. Even a crippled wizard was still quite powerful.
Nerza smiled. Together he and Arii would defeat these Raiders and help begin the process of putting Island World back together again.
A knock sounded at his door.
Nerza dabbed at his mouth with the cloth napkin and stood up. Who could be calling at this early hour?
He opened the door.
"Moog, Cerna, good morning. Will you come in?"
Moog shook his head. "It is foul tidings we bring to you, Nerza."
Cerna thrust Arii's staff forward.
Nerza glanced at the staff. "What is this? Arii's staff?"
Moog nodded. "He is dead, Nerza."
"Arii? Dead? How?"
Moog related what had happened at the nix city of Mualla.
"When we left him, a group of human men were surrounding him. When we returned, the men were gone, as was Arii's body."
Cerna handed the staff to Nerza, who looked at it. "I cannot touch it," he said. "Lean it against the wall, here by the door."
Cerna leaned the staff against the wall.
Moog glanced at Nerza. "I am sorry about Arii. I loved him. We all did, but there was nothing we could do. These humans were well armed. We couldn't have prevailed against them."
With a glance at his friend, Nerza said, "You are right, Moog. You could do nothing. I would like to be alone, now. I need to grieve my nephew."
Cerna and Moog bowed and left the cottage, leaving Nerza alone.
Nerza sat down on the chair. The remains of his breakfast no longer interested him. He glanced at the staff leaning against the wall. Arii dead? No. If Arii were dead, his life force would have left the staff. It would have vanished. Moog would not have known that.
Arii was alive. The Raiders had captured him, he was sure of that. Nerza cursed his crippled leg. Only he could rescue Arii, and he was a crippled relic. 

Visions shifted. The nixes pulling him from the bottom of the river, then of the men who surrounded him, as he lay helpless on the shore. He was conscience of the fact that Cerna took his staff. Arii looked into the face of the leader of this group of men. Others crowded around, staring into his face. One knelt and lifted his arm by the wrist, feeling the slight pulse.
"He still lives," said the man.
Arii's world faded into darkness. 

The garden needed tending. Feraun stepped out of her front door and knelt to pull a weed. It was late afternoon and the day was cooling. It was a good time of day to work in the garden. A sound from the road caught her ear. She looked up to see a small group of men on horseback riding by. They studied her cottage as they went. One of the horses was pulling a litter with a man strapped to it. She could not see who the man was. After all these years, it was still hard to get used to the fact that all these men saw was a ruined cottage. Bless Nerza and his spells.
Fear still caught in Feraun's throat. Cirile had been out all day gathering herbs from the mountains. She was due back any time. These men were riding in the direction she would be coming from. Feraun watched in helpless silence as the men rode by. Concern for Cirile welled up in her.
The sun hung low in the west. Cirile walked along the lane carrying a basket of herbs that she had gathered from the meadow higher up on the mountain. The fresh cut plants exuded a pleasant fragrance that pleased her as she walked. As she rounded a curve on the road a group of men approaching her mounted on horses surprised her. She stopped, fear clutching her innards. Raiders.
The leader of the group held his hand up, halting his troop. He cantered over to Cirile and looked down into her face.
"We have a badly hurt man with us. I have heard that there is a healer on this mountain. Can you take us to her?"
"I am a healer," said Cirile. "Let me see the hurt man."
She walked to a litter tied to one of the horses and looked down in to his face.
"Oh, Arii." She looked at the leader of the horsemen. "What have you done to him?"
"We found him like that. One of those accursed nixes was bending over him. We came in time to save him from them."
Cirile knelt to feel Arii's face. The skin was cold. She felt for a pulse. He was still alive.
"Go back the way you came. I must get him to my dwelling as fast as we can."
"There is nothing back that way but a broken down cottage."
"That is my home."
The leader reached down, took Cirile's hand and pulled her into the saddle behind him. The horses turned and they rode back to the cottage. Feraun was standing in the middle of the road. She saw Cirile and her face grew worried.
"It is all right, Teacher. They have Arii. Someone hurt him."
The horses stopped in front of the cottage. Feraun bent over the stricken wizard and placed her hand on his head.
"How did he get this way?" Her eyes fastened on the leader of the group.
"We found him by the river with two nixes bending over him. Whatever they did or were going to do, we stopped. We built a litter to bring him up here. We have heard talk of a healer here."
"You have found us. Please, bring him into the cottage."
The leader cast dubious eyes at the broken wreck before him.
"It is our home," said Cirile. "Please, bring him inside so we may tend him."
The man dismounted and commanded one of the others to help. They untied the litter from the horse and carried it inside the cottage. They looked around in disbelief once inside.
"I cannot believe this," said the man. "From the road it seems a wreck of a house. But here, on the inside, it is a wonderful home." His eye glanced at Feraun. "There is more than healing magic afoot here."
"Never mind the magic, untie Arii from the litter and place him on the bed."
After settling Arii on the bed, they walked towards the door and opened it.
"You have not told us who you are," said Feraun.
"Nor will we," said the man. "Know me only as One of Those Who Returned. But pray do not breathe a word of our existence to anyone."
At that, the man and his companion left the cottage, leaving Feraun and Cirile to tend the stricken wizard.
Cirile pulled the blankets away that the men had wrapped around Arii. She saw that he was naked. She glanced at Feraun who said, "He has been with the nixes. He has no wand and his chain of tokens is missing."
"What do you make of it? What is wrong with him?"
Feraun shook her head. "I do not know."
Running her hands over his body she said, "I do not think he is sick with any disease. There are no wounds on him. He is cold as ice."
She covered Arii with blankets. "His malady is a mystery to me. I cannot treat what I do not know. I must inform Nerza. He will know what to do."
After writing a note on a small piece of parchment, she walked into the back yard behind the cottage and removed the yuhma bird from its cage. Darkness was encroaching and night would soon envelop the land. She wrapped the parchment around its leg and tied it with a secure knot, using a leather string.
The bird perched on her index finger. Feraun studied the bird for a moment, and then raised her hand, encouraging the bird to fly.
"Go, Dotsa, go find your master."
The bird sprang from her finger and flew aloft. It circled once and flew off towards Nerza's cottage.
The bird soon disappeared from her sight in the gathering darkness. She watched the empty skies for a long time. Arii was failing. She could see that. She hoped that the bird would get to Nerza in time. It was not far to Nerza's cottage. In an hour or two, at most the bird would arrive at his cottage. It would peck on his window until the wizard heard and retrieved it. Nerza would be here before morning. Feraun only hoped that it would be in time. 

The owl perched motionless at the top of the dead tree in the center of the forest. Its ears attuned to all the night sounds. It listened for the squeaking of a mouse, the croaking of a frog or any other sound that would betray its prey to its presence.
Another sound caught its attention. The beating wings of a yuhma bird as it flew his way. These birds did not make up a normal part of the night owl's diet, as the birds usually bedded down at night. The birds were tasty. This one was flying in a straight line. It would be easy to anticipate its flight. On noiseless wings, the owl took flight. It circled high above the path of the approaching bird. It sensed, rather than saw, the bird flying below it. At just the right moment, the owl began its dive. The strike was too late. The owl's talon's clutched, and then lost the bird. The owl watched as the bird fell into the forest below.
Overhead, the owl knew that the bird had landed somewhere in the forest below. It flew to a tree and landed. Cocking its head, the owl listened. It could wait. The bird, if it lived, would come out of its hiding place. The leaf litter on the forest floor would give it away. The owl would feed well tonight. 

Dotsa did not sense the owl until it was too late. Pain etched its wing as it fell. It had not been a good strike and the bird was able to flee the hunter. She fell to the forest floor and took shelter under a fallen tree. Dazed and bleeding Dotsa rested her heart racing in fear. The urge to complete its bidding pulled at the bird. It must reach its master. Overhead the bird sensed the waiting predator. The night was not safe. Its wing was not broken but the owl had hurt it.
The frightened, wounded bird cowered in fear on the forest floor. It knew that the slightest rustle could bring the owl down. This time, helpless and hurt, the yuhma bird would make an easy target.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Story Begun

Nerza gathered the things together he needed and hobbled to his waiting horse. Feraun's medicines worked a miracle on his leg. The crutch discarded, Nerza could at least walk, and use his wand and staff. He wrapped Arii’s staff in a blanket and slung it from the saddle. Nerza mounted the horse, took one look at his cottage. He knew not where his search would take him, nor how long before he would see his home again.
As he spurred the horse, he saw a yuhma bird fluttering around above his head. Nerza stopped and held out his hand. The bird circled once and settled on his finger. He looked and the wing and saw the missing feathers and raw flesh. He examined the wound. Most likely caused by an owl, it was lucky that the bird had escaped. Nerza unrolled the note tied to the bird's leg. He read the note. His first reaction was of joy. Then the joy turned to concern. He folded the note and tucked it inside a pocket of his robe. He spurred the horse to a gallop. He had not a moment to lose. He did not know how long Dotsa's attacker had delayed its flight. However long that interval was, it might be critical. He felt the hardness of Arii's staff under the blanket. The young man still lived. For how long, he did not know. 

Feraun hovered over the young man and again checked his pulse. It was weakening. Her eyes met Cirile's, who asked, "What is keeping Nerza?"
The older woman's eyes glanced out the window at the gathering light. Dawn was arriving. The day waxed. Her eyes flitted to the young man lying on her bed. Arii was not. His life was waning.
The dawn became morning that became midday. Arii continued to weaken, though still clutching to life. His eyes were beginning to sink into his head, and his skin turning gray. It would not be long.
A shadow passed the window and a moment later a knock at the door. Feraun jumped to her feet and ran to the door.
Nerza stood at her doorstep, holding a long, blanket wrapped bundle in his hands. She reached out, grabbed him by the hands and dragged him into the room. "Where have you been?"
"The bird arrived late," he said. "I think an owl attacked it. That it made it at all through a miracle. Where is Arii?"
Feraun led Nerza to the bedroom where Arii clung to life.
Cirile looked at Nerza, her tear stained eyes moist with grief. "What is wrong with him?"
Nerza bent low over the young man. "He suffers exposure to the music of the nixes. It is a wonder he is still alive."
"What can you do?"
Nerza glanced at Feraun. "Has Cirile completed her studies? Has she become a full member of the Order?"
Feraun shook her head. "I was going to complete her induction today."
"That is excellent. She is the only one here who can handle his staff."
Nerza handed the bundle to Cirile. "Unwrap it and place it in his hand."
Cirile untied the leather bindings and took the staff in her hands. She placed it on Arii's chest and moved his hands to grasp it, bending his fingers as if grasp it. The finger did not clasp the staff.
"He must hold it," said Nerza. "We must make him aware of the staff."
Nerza slapped Arii's face. "Arii, wake up. You must hold the staff."
There was no response.
Cirile placed her hands over Arii's hands. "Please, Arii. Wake up."
There was no response. His face, drawn with approaching death, remained impassive. Cirile bent low over his face and touched her lips to his.
For a moment, nothing happened. Then the fingers began to tighten on the staff. As they tightened, the golden star brightened. A silver misty shroud flowed from the star and enveloped Arii's body, then melted into his skin. His color deepened, and his breathing became regular.
Feraun felt his wrist. "His pulse is returning."
Her eyes moved to Nerza.
"When he sensed his staff, his life force within the staff sensed the magic he needed. He will live, though he will need to rest many days before he regains his strength. He may not awaken for many hours."
Cirile held the hands that held the staff. She looked up at Nerza, relief shining in her eyes. "At least he will awaken."
Feraun reached for Nerza's hand. "You got here just in time. He would not have lasted longer."
Nerza smiled. "Dotsa got through. Now, I must tend the bird. She needs food and rest."
"I will help you." Feraun glanced at Cirile. "Cirile will see to Arii's needs."
"She will, indeed," said Nerza. The two stepped from the room. 

Cool nights and sunny days heralded the arrival of late summer in the low mountains above the Bay of Cleery. The arrival of evening of this particular day found Arii, Nerza, Cirile and Feraun gathered around a fire. Feraun sat nearest the fire, turning a spit that contained a gobble fowl. 
A decanter of wine stood on a table and four glasses surrounded it.
Arii sipped his wine and glanced at his uncle. "You have never told me the tale of that wizard that went bad."
Nerza glanced around the fire at the faces of his companions.
"I have not heard it either," said Cirile. "I would love to hear it."
Nerza picked up his glass and inhaled the bouquet of the wine before tilting it. He replaced the glass on the table. "It is a long tale which will consume much of the night."
"We are not going anywhere, Nerza," said Feraun. "Tell the tale as it has been many years since I heard it. Even then, I only heard portions of it. I have never heard the full story, especially the part that concerns you."
Nerza took another pull at the wine and sat back. He gripped his staff and gazed into the fire.
"It all happened so many years ago."
His eyes wandered from face to face. "I will tell the tale."
He settled back in his chair, looked again into the fire and said, "It all begins with the wizard Darnay in the Kingdom of Napoli."
The night passed and Nerza told his tale.
Back to Wizard of the Golden Star Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents
Map of Island World




Tale of the White Rock
A. E. Mableson
Book 2 -The Rise of Gwaum
The Story Begins
A Fiery Birth
Reversal
Defeat
Gwaum Triumphant
The Road of Terror
A Plan
Showdown
The Tale Ends
Captives
Escape
Discovered
Sanctuary
A Plan Emerges
Sali Captured
Escape




The Story Begins

Orange tongues of flame bit into the darkness above the fire. Nerza studied the flames, gathering his memories before he began to speak.
"The forces of forbidden magic drew Gwaum forth from the depths of fire."
Arii stirred and drew Cirile towards him as they faced him from across the flames. He asked the older wizard, "How do we know of his birth?"
"Only from the efforts of the wizard Alaab do we know the tale of Gwaum. It was the wizard Darnay who brought the monster into existence. Darnay kept a complete journal of his experiments that Alaab found during a search of Darnay's cottage. He sent the chronicles to the Grand Council of Wizards in the Hidden City of Niru. They are there now, hidden in a vault deep in the Grand Council Chamber accessible only to members of the Grand Council."
Arii rose to add a couple of logs to the fire. He looked as Nerza as he sat back down. "How do you know of them?"
Nerza drained his glass of wine and replaced it on the table that sat in front of him. He watched as Feraun refilled it, and then continued, "I served on the Grand Council for many years in my youth. It was during these years I studied Darnay's records. I know the story of Gwaum as well as anyone does."
He glanced at the faces of the listeners around the fire. The gentle glimmer of starlight covered the vast black dome that stretched overhead. Arii sipped again at his wine and began his tale. 

In a few moments, it would be time for him to act. Napolaun lay sleeping below him, its grand spires and towers illuminated by the full moon that gazed down on him from the black sky. Darnay waited. Soon the Chariot of the Moon would pull its burden overhead. At the same moment, the Chariot of the Sun would draw the sun to a point below his feet. At that moment of perfect balance, he would light the fire.
Darnay went over the spell in his mind. Satisfaction warmed his soul. He had embedded the spell in his mind. When he lit the fire, his spell would draw a bit of fire from the sun below him. The moon’s strength would aid his spell by pulling the fire of the sun through the fires at the center of the earth, adding to its intensity. It would surface here. He would create the thing he desired to create. This time he would succeed. He knew he would.
He glanced at his moon dial. The shadow cast by the gnomon told him it was time. He pointed his wand at the base of the pyre and flicked a fireball at it. The pyre erupted into flame that danced high in the night, sending sparks and smoke upwards at the moon.
Summoning all his power, Darnay drew an image from his mind and cast it at the fire. The sparks above the bonfire circled, and then coalesced. An image began to form and move. Darnay increased the potency of the spell. He could feel the fire of the sun enter the image. It was working.
He tried to draw the image from its perch above the flame. It moved away from the pinnacle of the fire and descended to the earth. When its feet touched the ground, it vanished in a shower of sparks.
He had failed. The moment passed. He would have to wait another month before he could try again. 

Books and scrolls lay strewn across his wooden table. He tapped the point of the quill on the table, beating a steady drum of impatience into the room. He studied his spell again, stopping on occasion to consult with one of the ancient volumes on the table. He glanced at his pure white staff that leaned against the table. He should not have to resort to using books and scrolls. The staff should sense what he needed and do it. However, there were elements lacking, elements that he alone could not provide.
He pondered this problem. To conjure up a living, breathing fire apparition he needed three Wizards of the Eternal Flame. It would only gain life with three. One could not do it alone. Even he, a Wizard of the Golden Star, could not do it alone. He would need help. The short cuts he tried to employ just would not work. His staff and wand alone could not produce the magic he needed.
Darnay considered the problem. He knew that he would never gain consent of two other wizards to aid him in bringing his creation to life. They would demand to see the spell. Besides, when they saw the spell, not only would they refuse to cooperate, they would inform the Council. The Council would then him from the Order of the Eternal Flame. If they did this, they would sever his connection with the eternal flame and his chances of creating his creature would end.
He got up and walked out of his door. Below him in the afternoon sun, Napolaun lay sheltered by the Bay of Napoli and guarded by its twin forts. Napoli was a powerful kingdom, the most powerful of Island World. His eye traced the River Fleet along its valley until it disappeared into the distance. Far away, in the Ice Mountains, the river drew its source from the White Rock.
He looked again at Napoli. He coveted power. He wanted to rule all Island World. To rule so vast a territory he needed this creature. Even with his powers, Napoli was too strong for him to master. Its navies roamed the waters of Island World and its armies had never seen defeat in battle.
Then there was Alaab. Alaab was the court wizard, a fellow Wizard of the Golden Star. Alaab was powerful and he distrusted Darnay. Darnay knew that jealousy bred this distrust because Darnay was the more powerful of the two and Alaab knew it.
As he pondered his problem, a glint of a solution occurred to Darnay. He needed two wizards of the Order of the Eternal Flame to help him perform the spell. Yet, he knew that none would help volunteer to help him. There might be a way. The idea grew. Maybe it would work.
He went back into his cottage and walked to his bookcase. He studied the volumes, and then chose one from the top shelf. He sat down and turned the pages, looking for the section he needed. Finally, he found it. He traced the line of writings with his finger. He picked up his spell and studied the words, and then returned to the volume in front of him.
Why had he not thought of this before? It seemed so simple. He laid the book on the table and thought about what he had learned.
Yes, it seemed so simple in theory. However, it could be hard in practice. With careful planning, and the right preparations, he might just pull it off. He got up, went back outside, and gazed down from his hill on the city below.
This time it would work. This time he would be successful. Then he would rule Napoli. After that, he would rule Island World. 

Days turned into weeks as Darnay laid his plans. If everything weren't just right, the other wizards would become suspicious. If they became suspicious, then it was all for naught and he would not get another chance.
The evilness of his plan did not faze him. As all men consumed with the lust for power, the ways of gaining it did not matter. Only its acquisition mattered. Once he had it, no one would be able to oppose him to make him pay for his crimes.
This illusion, more than once, has caused the strong to fall. Darnay continued his planning, oblivious to what he wished to create. That his creation might prove mightier than he did not enter into his calculations.
He studied the moon charts and fastened on the proper night and time. He penned the invitations with care. There were only two. One would go to Jara, a wizard of the Eternal Flame who lived in Napolaun. The other went to Surun, a wizard of that same order who dwelled near the White Rock.
As he penned the last invitation, he went into the city. He enlisted a courier to deliver the messages and returned to his cottage to wait. In a week, the wizards would arrive. That they would come, he had no doubt. They would not be able to resist the lure he laid down. Like fish to a bug on the river’s surface, they would rise.
He spent the final week finalizing his plans. He had to prepare the ruse. The ruse would arouse the other wizard’s curiosity. He had also to conceal his real purpose in inviting them.
He calculated the positions of the other two wizards, dug holes in those spots and placed the vats in them. He then covered them with stout boards and a thin layer of soil. He placed a wide mouth urn in a hole near his spot. He honed his dagger to a fine, razor-thin edge.
Next Darnay collected an immense quantity of wood and piled it in position. It would be a tremendous pyre, large enough to pour its flames deep into the heavens. The glass sphere was his last item on his list. He visited the glassmaker in the city and ordered one, made special for his needs. The glassmaker had balked at the exacting specifications. Darnay stipulated that it be a perfect sphere with a round hole and a stopper that fit tight. It required enough strength to withstand the wind he would create and light enough for the flames to break it.
That done, he returned to his cottage. In two days, it would happen. In three, he would have his creature.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




A Fiery Birth

Darnay was finishing his preparations when he heard the knock on the door. The first of his guests were here. He walked to the door and opened it. Jara stood on the doorstep, a smile on his pudgy face. Darnay's eyes swept to his companion, a vacuous eyed blond woman less than half the older wizard’s age. He glanced at Jara and again at the woman. He knew the spell the old rake had performed on the woman. It was only through such a spell that the fat, smelly old man could have seduced a woman like that.
Through his disdain, he said, "Good evening, Jara. Come in, come in."
Stepping across the threshold, Jara said, "Good evening, Darnay. I hope you don't mind that I took the liberty of bringing a guest. It is quite a spectacle that she will get to see tonight."
"No problem, Jara. It is good that you came." His eyes swept to the road to see an approaching horseman. "I think that Surun has arrived."
A few moments later, he admitted Surun to the parlor, seated him and placed a glass of wine in the wizard's hand.
He took a glass, filled it, and sat down to visit with his guests.
The woman raised her glass, tipped it to her red lips and said, "Oh, this wine is simply divine.” The girl’s laughter trilled across the room.
Darnay looked at her with disgust. Damn Jara and his womanizing ways. Trilla, he had called her. Her irritating laugh was true to this name. His invitation had not been to this tart. Only the two wizards were to have come. She would be a distraction and a serious problem to his plans. What would he do with her when his schemes were complete?
“It is the finest wine from the hills above the river,” he said. “I have several bottles, so feel free to drink all you wish.” As he watched the girl drain her glass, he was sure that she would.
Jara raised his own glass and allowed the bouquet of the wine to tickle his nose. “You have spared no expense, Darnay. This is a very good wine.”
“It isn’t everyday that one attempts to raise a sun column,” said Darnay. “It is a special thing which calls for a celebration.”
“It is, indeed,” said Surun. “I have traveled a long distance to attempt making one.”
Darnay tipped his own glass and reveled in the wine’s fruity taste. He glanced at Surun. “Was your trip a good one?”
“It was. The weather has been wonderful, and the land is alive with the ripening crops and fruits. I took my time and enjoyed the journey. It is rarely I leave the White Rock’s solitude.”
Darnay arose and refilled the glasses of his guests. He would fill them up with this wine. It would dull their senses and hide his real intent on his calling them here. “It will be worth your while, I am sure.”
As the night wore on, the two guests and the girl drank the wine, not noticing that their host was drinking little. Finally, Darnay arose and stepped outside. He looked at the heavens and stepped back in the cottage.
“The time is drawing near. We should go out and take our positions.”
The wizards arose. The girl stood, swayed and sat back down. “Oh, I think I have had a bit too much wine,” she said.
“Come, my dear,” said Jara. “This is a sight that you do not want to miss.” He reached for her hand and pulled her to her feet. He put his arm around her and helped her to the door.
The group made their way to the pyre that Darnay had built.
“There are stones marking your positions,” he said.
Jara and Surun found their spots and stood, facing the pyre. Jara let go of the girl. “Sit on the ground, my dear. All you have to do is watch and you will soon see a sight few people have seen.
The girl sat on the ground. She drew her knees up to her ample chest and allowed her robe to fall away, revealing her white legs, glowing softly in the moonlight.
“It may be that we will spend the night here in the moonlight after our task has finished,” said Jara.
Darnay looked overhead, at the moon now just minutes from zenith.
He withdrew his wand, and pointed it first at Surun. He threw a stupefying spell at him, and as the wizard dropped, he shifted position and flung one at Jara. The spell struck Jara and he fell beside the girl.
The girl screamed. Darnay silenced her also. She fell back, unconscious.
Swift as the wind, Darnay moved to Jara. He pulled the flat stone aside, pulled on the wizard’s hair and positioned his neck above the vat in the hole under it. He withdrew his dagger and slit the wizard’s throat. Blood flowed into the vat. He ran to Surun and repeated the process.
He pulled the vats from the holes and ran back to his stone. He retrieved the glass orb from its hiding place and poured the blood inside. He then used the dagger to slice his palm. His own blood dripped into the sphere, mixing with that of the other wizards.
His eyes again went to the moon. It was at zenith. He flicked a fireball at the pyre, which exploded in flames. The sparks from the incinerating wood danced high in the sky. Darnay directed his wand at the glass orb. A whirlwind formed around it. The sphere rocked, then arose. Darnay directed the wind, carrying the sphere to the flames. It lifted it above them. The sphere hung in the air above the fire. The heat shattered the glass and the blood floated above the flames, a red, swirling orb.
Darnay then cast the spell. The blood floated above the flames, and then the sparks of the fire combined with the blood. A shape began to coalesce in the air above the fire. Faint at first, then it grew in intensity.
Then it solidified. Darnay looked at it. It was a monstrous looking thing, blood red with a single red eye. He directed the creature away from the flames and allowed it to come down on the ground, near the girl.
As the creature lit on the ground, it opened its eye. A blood red iris inspected Darnay. The creature opened its mouth. A single word came out, “gwaum.” It then turned about and saw the girl on the ground. The girl was awakening. When she saw the hideous creature, she screamed.
“Gwaum,” said the creature. He opened his mouth and grabbed her with his strong hands. He plunged the girl head first, down his maw.
He turned back towards Darnay and burped. The monsters first meal was of human flesh. It created a hunger for that meat that would never abate. 

Surun felt himself falling to the ground. Still conscience, he watched as Darnay approached him. He saw the dagger nearing his throat. He had been a fool. He never trusted Darnay. None of the wizards did. But the chance at creating a sun column had blinded him. He felt the sharp, burning pain at his throat and watched as his life drained away.
His soul separated from his body. He floated away, towards the moon. He forced himself to stop. He wanted to see what it was that Darnay was doing. Horror filled his soul as he watched the creature take shape. So that was what Darnay really wanted. To create a monster that would be his slave. Surun flitted down and enveloped the creature. There was power there. Too much power. Fear stabbed him. He knew that Darnay had awoken something with more power than he imagined. Surun knew that Darnay would never be able to control this magical beast. There was a reason for the Council forbidding certain types of magic.
Then Surun felt the pull on his soul. It was time to leave. He wanted to go home, to see his little cottage at the base of Mount Qui one last time. He sped over the sleeping countryside. A countryside that would soon feel the wrath of the creature Darnay had awakened. He approached the White Rock. He would make his home here. His soul would enter the rock. By consigning his spirit to the White Rock, he would protect it from the creature. A part of himself was in that creature. And that part would respect this final resting place. The creature could not harm the White Rock or the spirit that resided inside. 

Horror filled Darnay as he watched the creature consume the girl. The creature then looked at Darnay and stepped towards him. Darnay pointed his wand at the creature.
The creature stopped and looked at the ground. He stooped and picked up the dagger that Darnay had let fall. He examined it, like a small child inspecting a new toy.
Darnay watched him carefully. He realized that the creature was just like a young child. It had been hungry and had fed on the first thing it saw. That was all.
“Come here, Gwaum.” Darnay fastened on him that name. It was the first word his creation had said. It seemed an appropriate name.
Gwaum approached him, still holding the dagger. “Give me the dagger, Gwaum.”
He held out his hand. Gwaum approached. He looked at Darnay, his red eye studying the wizard. He held out his hand and placed the dagger in Darnay’s outstretched fingers.
“Gwaum,” he said. “Gwaum, gwaum.”
Darnay put the dagger back in his sheath and took the creature’s hand. He led him back to the cottage. He would keep him inside tonight. Tomorrow he would fix a spot in the stable for him. He would train him and teach him to speak.
As he studied the creature, satisfaction filled his eyes. Here was a creature for him to train and do his bidding. He was strong and he felt a power in him as he held the hand of the creature. There was magic there. It was a magic that would soon do his bidding. With this ally, he would be the supreme lord of this land.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Reversal

He guided the fresh killed stag to the door of the stable and allowed it to fall.
“Gwaum, it is time to eat,” he called.
Gwaum came out of the stable and looked at the deer as it lay on the dirt. He bent down and snuffed it. Instead of eating, the creature glanced at Darnay and went back inside the stable.
Darnay watched the creature skulk away. In the several months since his “birth”, the creature had grown much bigger. It had taken many stags to satisfy his appetite. So many that the deer were becoming scarce in the area and Darnay had to travel greater distances to hunt. Lately, the creature had been showing less interest in them. The beast had never refused food before. Gwaum was feeding on something. Darnay wondered what.
He went back inside his cottage. The creature was developing fast. Darnay had taught him much magic, adding to what the creature already had. Darnay felt a growing power in the creature. This power troubled Darnay. He feared that the creature’s power rivaled his own. A knock on the door interrupted his thoughts.
He walked to the door and opened it. Alaab stood outside with two knights standing behind him.
“Good morning, Alaab. What brings you to my humble abode?”
Alaab peered past Darnay, trying to see what was inside. “There have been many disappearances in the city.”
“What has that to do with me?”
“Last night a woman disappeared. A huge red creature ate her. Witnesses saw a huge red beast running up the mountain towards your dwelling.”
“I know nothing of this huge, red creature.”
“Do you mind if we look around?” Again, Alaab tried to peer into Darnay’s cottage.
“As a matter of fact, I do. I will not have you and your lackeys,” at this, Darnay’s eyes scanned the two knights standing behind the wizard, “pawing around my grounds.”
“It is better that you cooperate with me now,” said Alaab. “Tomorrow I will come back with a company of knights. You will have to then obey the dictates of the King.”
“I told you, I know nothing of this creature.”
Alaab stepped back. He glanced at Darnay’s hand, which was ready to withdraw his wand from his staff. “We also have reports of two missing wizards, Surun and Jara.”
“What of them?”
“Both of them told others they were coming to see you. It was something about raising a sun column.”
“They were here. We drank some wine. We raised the column. Then they departed. They are not here.”
“And you will not let us look around?”
“I have already said I would not.”
Alaab turned to the knights and indicated that they should leave.
After they had remounted their steeds, Alaab glanced at Darnay. “We will be back tomorrow. Tomorrow we will search.”
Darnay closed the door. Worry crossed his face. Alaab and two knights he could handle. However, a company he would not be able to stop. It involved too much magic. He thought about his problems. He glanced at his journal and extensive records of his work producing Gwaum. He must hide them. His immediate concern was Gwaum He must take Gwaum deep into the forest and hide him. He was not ready yet to reveal his weapon. He walked to the rear of the cottage and stepped outside. He looked at the stable where Gwaum was hiding. He began walking towards the stable. 

Inside the stable Gwaum brooded. He had increased in power and size. The power of the three wizard's blood that he had absorbed at his conception flowed within him. This power gave him the ability to read the mind of the wizard who created him. He saw the plans this man had for him, a life of subservience.
Gwaum’s ears picked up the knock on the door of the cottage. He increased the range of his hearing. The conversation between the two wizards interested him. Someone had seen him.
This was not good.
He listened to the remainder of the conversation. He knew his master’s thoughts. His master would try to hide him deep in the forest.
Gwaum did not want to hide in the forest. His power had increased. It was now greater than the wizard who professed his master. Gwaum would have no master. Perhaps now was the time to assert that power. Perhaps now was the time to gain even greater power by absorbing all the power of his master when he fed on his living body.
The stable door opened. Darnay stood, framed by the door, silhouetted in the light.
“Gwaum, you must come with me,” the wizard said. “I must hide you in the forest. They will come searching for you tomorrow. They must not find you. In the forest you will be safe.”
“I will not go,” said Gwaum.
Darnay stepped back, and withdrew his wand from the handle of his staff. “You will do as I command, Gwaum.”
“I will not.”
Darnay extended his wand and flicked a restraining spell at Gwaum. Gwaum held his hand out, palm extended. He caught the spell and reflected it back at Darnay, who stood transfixed, held captive by his own spell.
“It is time to reverse our roles,” said Gwaum. “I am the master now.
Darnay tried to speak, but found he could not. The creature approached him.
“I have more power than you wizard. I think you now understand that.”
Darnay, his eyes growing in horror, watched as the creature watched him. He did not like the way Gwaum was licking his lips.
“I need your all your power, Wizard. I need it to complement my own.”
Darnay squirmed, trying to break free himself. Gwaum held him securely; he could not even lower his hand.
“I can absorb your power, Wizard. When I eat you, your body will sustain mine. And your spirit will remain inside me.”
Darnay’s mind was in a daze. This could not be happening. That he now enslaved him, the creator of this creature, was terrible. However, to think that his power would give this dangerous creature even more power was a horrible thing.
“You have desired to master Island World, Master.” Contempt dripped from his voice as he delivered the last words. “You will have your wish. But it will be as my vassal.”
At this Gwaum broke the spell and clutched Darnay in his powerful hand. The creature opened his enormous maw and stuffed Darnay inside. The jaws closed and he swallowed.
Gwaum stood for a moment, looking at Darnay’s cottage. He burped.
He strode off into the forest. Now, though, he did so as his own master. Gwaum would serve no one. 

Alaab expected a fight. He advised the captain of the troop of knights to surround the cottage and have their weapons ready. Once everyone was in position, the wizard approached the front door. He knocked, waited a few minutes and knocked again.
He pushed the door open, withdrew the wand from the handle of his staff and called out, "Darnay, we are here. Prepare to submit to a search."
Only silence met his ears.
"Darnay? Are you here?"
A tomb like silence answered his call.
Alaab stepped back out and beckoned to the Captain, who walked to his side.
"Is he not here?" the officer asked.
"Apparently he is not. I will search the interior of the cottage. Have your men stay ready if he comes back."
A nervous disquiet entered the man's eyes. "He is a powerful wizard. He can defeat my men with ease."
"Not if you surround him. He can shield himself from your arrows and swords. But, he cannot attack you when shielded, and he cannot attack so many men at one time. It is too much for him to focus on."
"If you say so." the Captain appeared unconvinced.
Alaab reentered the cottage. A lamp stood on the table. He lit it, picked it up and began inspecting the interior of the cottage. His eye fell on Darnay's desk, littered with books, scrolls and odd pieces of parchment. His fingers fell on an open book in front of the chair. Darnay's spidery script covered the pages. Alaab read a few lines. Dismay began filling his soul. He leafed back further into the book, noting various entries. His face grew white. He closed the book and stepped back to study the shelves above the desk, lined with many volumes.
He walked back to the door and again beckoned the Captain to come to the door.
"You must send one of your men down to the city and fetch a horse and cart."
The man's face bore a look of questioning.
"There is much here that I must study. Be quick, before Darnay returns."
The captain walked away and spoke to one of his men, who jumped on his horse and galloped off.
Alaab returned inside the cottage and swept the desk and books with his eyes. Darnay had performed forbidden magic. If Darnay created the creature, then there was much to fear. And Alaab had no idea of how to stop it. 

Morning found Alaab still at his desk studying Darnay's journal. He glanced at the stack of scrolls, books and parchments on the table nearby. Worry ate at him. The reports of a huge red creature feeding on people near Napoli were accurate. That he knew from Darnay's latest entrees. Darnay fed the creature a steady diet of deer from the forests. This explained the complaints of the hunters who reported a shortage of game in the area.
The creature lost interest in game at about the time the first sightings of the creature occurred around the city. This monster was no longer interested in animal flesh. It desired humans.
Alaab rubbed his eyes and thought about sleep. He stood and walked to his window that overlooked the courtyard of the palace. The sun was already well up. The land of sleep he had not visited in well over a day. Reports from the countryside dribbled in about a red creature that terrorized the populace. The King was gathering an army to oppose the creature.
Alaab knew that the army would not prevail. This creature was too powerful and would gain power as time passed. The blood of three wizards flowed in his veins and fed the monster. Darnay did not return to his cottage. The armed guard that kept watch there searched the forests around the cottage and found no trace of him.
Alaab felt that he knew Darnay's fate. If his fears were correct, then all Darnay's magic would be manifest in the monster. He would be too powerful for the knights. He would be too powerful for Alaab. Only a consortium of three wizards would have the necessary strength to defeat the monster. Alaab needed help.
Again, he glanced at the mass of documents and books from Darnay's trove. These were not safe here. This creature, Gwaum, Darnay had called him, would continue to gain strength. No one would be able to stop him. He must send this knowledge to Niru, the Hidden City. He had to inform the council of Gwaum's existence and the means by which Darnay made him.
He must also send for help. He needed two more Wizards of the Golden Star to defeat the monster.
There was one besides the Grand Wizard, Beros, in Niru. Another, Tiran, abode in the Barnish Highlands near the Mountain of Seven Rivers. These wizards were so far away. He only hoped that he could get them here in time. 

The crewmen loaded the last crate of Darnay's records. Alaab watched as the crewmen of the ship steadied it as the hoist lowered it. Soon it would join the others in the hold and the trove would be on its way to Niru. His message to Sluv, the Grand Wizard, had gone a few days earlier by a faster messenger boat of the King's fleet. By now, the Grand Wizard should have received his urgent request for aid. It was possible the packet boat was already speeding back with the wizards.
Now he must wait. The king was impatient to strike at the monster that was ravaging the lands in the central part of the kingdom. Refugees were streaming into the capital, crying for aid. Alaab worked hard to keep the king from sending in his gathered army. So far, he had succeeded. The king was growing more restive. Alaab did not know how much longer he could restrain the monarch. Reports of the creature indicated it was growing stronger and moving closer to the city. Time, never on his side, was moving ever against him.
All he could do was wait.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Defeat

Gwaum watched from the forest as the wizard and knights searched Darnay’s cottage and stables. His hunger gnawed at him and he desired to feed. This was a wizard surrounded by a company of knights and he dared not move against them. Not yet, he was still not sure enough of his powers to risk that.
He stayed his hand until the men left and then he descended the hill. As he reached the bottom, he stayed within the bounds of the forest and followed the course of the road, going away from the city. People were becoming skittish of him and he needed easier hunting grounds.
He approached a village. On the outskirts, he found a small meadow, which bordered both the forest and the road. There, under a tree, lay a young man and woman. So engrossed were they in their lovemaking they did not see the approach of the creature. He stood over them and watched. The woman’s eyes opened and she saw Gwaum standing over them.
She screamed.
The man rolled off, and looked into Gwaum’s red eye. Terror enveloped his face. He withdrew a dagger from his belt. Gwaum reached out his hand and grabbed the young man by the neck. A cracking sound filled the afternoon air, and the man fell limp by the woman’s side. He grabbed the woman’s feet and lifted her. He dropped her into his open maw. The young man’s limp body followed hers.
Gwaum turned and looked at the village that lay beyond the meadow. Here he would have easy pickings. He could feed here at leisure until he learned to use all his powers. He reentered the forest. 

Gwaum studied the silent streets. Hunger again bit his stomach and there was no prey.
His depredations over the last several days created an atmosphere of fear. People no longer went outdoors, and when they did, they moved in large, armed groups. Gwaum could have attacked these people and fed. But he was still afraid of those long, piercing birds the men flung. He would await the night. 

King Rud peered at Alaab as he stood before the throne, impatience painted on his face. "Many weeks we have waited, wizard. I have held back my army while this Gwaum wrecks my kingdom. Many are calling me coward. My subjects cry out for aid. How much longer must we wait to satisfy your whims?"
Alaab stretched himself to his full height. "They are not whims, Sire. If you move against Gwaum without my aid, you risk disaster. Your arrows and swords will not kill Gwaum. By magic he was born and by magic will he die."
"So we still await the arrival of the other wizards."
"Yes, your majesty. It is the only way."
At that moment, Alaab heard the throne door room open and the thump of footsteps as a courier swept past him. The courier knelt before the king and handed him an envelope. The king opened it, withdrew the letter inside, folded it and replaced it in the envelope. He looked at Alaab. "The ship carrying your wizard friends has arrived. We march at dawn."
With a wave, he dismissed Alaab who turned and left the throne room.
The arrival of Tiran and Beros was fortunate. Not much longer could Alaab have delayed the king. His footsteps carried him to the dock. He noted the wizards carrying their snow-white staffs with the golden star on the hilt. They stood out from the crowd of people bustling around the wharf.
Extending his hand, Alaab greeted the wizards. "Good morning, Tiran, good morning Beros. It is good that you have arrived here in Napoli."
Beros peered into Alaab's face and noted the worry there. "From the sound of your letter, the situation seems dire."
"My friends, it is worse than dire. It is approaching the level of disaster." At these words, Alaab glanced around and his voice dropped. "We must go somewhere private to talk. The king has kept this quiet as much as he could, to allay panic in the streets. Follow me."
Their steps led back to the palace. Once inside, Alaab secured a consultation room and asked the page to bring them some wine and cold meats.
They seated themselves around a small, wooden table in the center of the room.
"How much do you know of this creature we battle?"
Tiran said, "Only a bit. The Grand Wizard told us that once here, that you would tell us what we needed to know. He sent us away in great haste."
"It is well he did, Tiran. We have need of haste. The king is marching at dawn to face the monster. We do not have much time for planning."
Tiran and Beros glanced at each other. Then Tiran said, "What do you propose we should do?"
The page entered the room carrying a tray with a platter of cold meats, a decanter of wine and three crystal glasses. Beros and Tiran, whose fare for the last week consisted of ship's fare, took little time demolishing the meat and bread. Alaab watched the two eat, his mind turning with the possibilities.
When the wizards completed their repast, Alaab glanced at the page. He said, "Bring another decanter of wine and some sweet cakes."
The boy picked up the tray and said, "Yes, m'lord," and left the room.
Alaab swirled the wine in the glass and whisked his nose over the rim to bask in the bouquet of the fruity beverage. He took a sip and placed the glass on the table. Sitting back in his chair he said, "I have had a lot of time to think about how we should proceed."
His eyes drifted first to Tiran, then to Beros. "Killing Gwaum will be a difficult task and will require some powerful magic. He was born of fire. Fire we must use to destroy him."
Beros took a clay pipe from his pocket, stuffed it with fragrant weed and put the stem in his mouth. He used his wand to flick a spark into the bowl and in a moment, a thin wisp of smoke swirled around his face. His eyes met Alaab's eyes. "Are you talking about a fire ring?"
"Yes, I think that is the only thing which will destroy him."

Tiran rubbed his short, black beard with his fingertips, his face thoughtful. "That is a difficult thing to pull off under the best of circumstances. We will be facing a fierce monster who you have indicated has powerful magic.
"We will have to spring it quickly. Gwaum cannot suspect that there are three of us."
"He will be able to sense us. How can we get close enough to ignite a fire ring and close it on him?"
"I have an idea for that too. We will have to trap him."
Morning passed into afternoon, which transformed into night. The wizards lay their plans.
When their plans were complete, Alaab stood. "I must now go to consult with the king. You have rooms prepared for you. The page will take you to them."
As the wizards parted, Alaab took Beros' arm and pulled him back. "If we fail, do not allow Gwaum to capture you. If he can consume three of us, he will be invincible. He has already consumed Darnay. He needs two more Wizards of the Golden Star. If I fall, do not become the third. You must flee this land if our plans come to naught."
"We will," said Beros.
"Make sure that you do. If you do not, disaster will befall all Island World. Flee and make your plans to fight another day." 

The cottage stood apart from the village, at the edge of the tiny town. Gwaum could see the light of the lamps and the flickering hearth illuminated window. He looked inside. A woman sat in front of the hearth, her hand threading a needle. A sock lay on her lap, ready to darn.
A man sat in a rocking chair beside her. He was honing a knife on a strap of leather. Two children lay on a rug in front of the fire, reading from books by the light of the fire. It was a cool, autumn night, and Gwaum could smell the smoke of their fire as it filled the air around the cottage.
Gwaum stepped back. It was time to feed. It was time to try out some of his newfound powers. He extended his hands and waved them at the cottage. The cottage began to shake, buffeted by the powerful wind Gwaum generated. The stones began to move and the roof blew off. The woman and children inside screamed as their home flew apart. Gwaum watched as the stones flew. One struck the man, knocking him lifeless to the floor of the cottage.
Gwaum stepped forward. Before he could enter the ruined cottage, it disappeared and a cry arose. He turned. Burning torches and shouting men in armor surrounded him. He realized that the cottage was an illusion and that this was a trap. A volley of those stick birds flew at him. He managed a deflecting spell. The arrows stopped in mid-flight, and fell to the ground.
It was then he saw the wizard. This was the same one who had visited his master. It was Alaab, a powerful Wizard of the Golden Star. He faced the wizard. The knights launched another volley of arrows at him. Again, he deflected them. The wizard withdrew his wand and cast a killing spell at Gwaum. He gathered it in his outstretched hands and deflected it away. It struck one of the knights who fell with a horrible scream.
Gwaum began backing away. There were too many knights for him to beat off. This wizard was an added menace. Gwaum tried to escape, but the knights, feeling a victory within their grasp, closed in upon him. More arrows flew. Gwaum held his hands over his face to shield his eye from those terrible pricking missiles.
He became aware of another presence. Another Wizard of the Golden Star came within the scope of his senses. Wait, there were two more.
Gwaum realized his peril as the knights fell back. He turned. Three Wizards of the Golden Star were present. Gwaum sensed that he was now in terrible danger. He turned in a circle, watching his adversaries with a wary eye. With staffs extended, they began to chant the words of an ancient spell. An orb of fire coalesced from the staffs. They grew in size. With a flash, the orbs expanded and joined into a circle that surrounded Gwaum. The circle grew smaller and smaller. Gwaum could feel the heat of the flames, felt it robbing him of his strength. He touched the circle with his hands, trying to force it back.
Pain shot through his body. Gwaum was not used to pain. Gwaum did not like pain. He leaned back his head and searched for a spell. A glimmer of hope flashed in his eye. He roared.
A thick, vacuous cloud of dust shot into the air. The dust cloud boiled and seethed as it absorbed moisture from the air. Lightning flashed and thunder resounded across the land. A thick, heavy rain began to fall. As the drops struck the circle of fire, red, stinking steam rolled. The rain came down harder and the fire circle began to fail. The rain became a torrent and the fire ring flickered and went out.
The wizards watched in dismay as their only hope to kill the monster failed before their eyes. Gwaum raised his arms and roared again.
A thick cloud of red dust escaped from his opened maw. The dust swirled and choked the men. The wizard dropped his wand and covered his mouth and eyes, to protect them from the choking cloud.
Gwaum approached the wizard, who managed to open his eyes in time to see the crushing blow directed at his head. Gwaum turned and bellowed again. The knights fled in terror at his voice.
Tiros watched as Alaab fell to the earth. He shouted, "Flee," and spurred his horse.
Gwaum turned and found that Alaab was still alive, moaning and wriggling on the ground. Gwaum was happy at this. The wizard’s power still flickered in his living body. It would not live long, now. He picked up the wizard, opened his mouth and dropped him in. He swallowed and drew the wizard into his bowels.
He felt the power of the wizard suffuse through him.
The energy consumed defeating the wizards had sapped his strength. Exhaustion plagued Gwaum and he had to allow the army and the other wizards to escape. He lumbered back into the forest. It would make no difference. He would rest and defeat them another day.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Gwaum Triumphant

Days passed while Gwaum rested absorbing the power of the second wizard. The escape of the other two wizards was unfortunate. If he could have eaten just one of them, his power would be supreme. As it was, he was still vulnerable. Gwaum did not like being vulnerable.
When his strength returned, he emerged from his forest-hiding place. He roamed the land, destroying villages and feeding on the inhabitants. It was a terrible time for the Napolani people. But, the worst of his ravages was yet to come.
A large contingent of fierce knights, whom he still feared, continued to dog him... He could never hope to hold off all those stinging birds.
Too many hits he feared would kill him.
Gwaum had no intentions of dying.
As he felt his power grow, he knew that he would have to attack the source of that power. Then the land would be his.
At last, Gwaum felt he was ready. He returned to the cottage of Darnay. He watched Napolaun from the heights of his master’s home. That would be his next target. He had to destroy the king, and the castle. This was the source of those troublesome knights. The two wizards that escaped would almost certainly be hiding there.
As Gwaum watched, he could see the army that had been following him gathering in the clearing below the hill. There were a thousand men or more gathered their only purpose bent on destroying him.
Gwaum could see the castle that held the king. Gwaum waited until the knights had formed up. He bent his head back. Then he hesitated. A single wizard stood on a hillock below him. The fool. He was alone. Before destroying the city, he would first feast on this foolish wizard. He stepped toward him and extended his hand. He paused again. What was going on? 

Tiran, his hands clasped behind his back, paced the floor. His boots echoed on the stone floor of the room.
Beros sat at the table, the loss of their friend Alaab written on his face. "What shall we do, Tiran?"
Tiran stopped before the window that overlooked the plaza outside the palace. A fountain stood at the center of the plaza. Two flagpoles, one bearing the flag of Napoli and the other the Royal Standard, flanked the stone rim. A powerful spring fed the fountain, which originated in the mountains above the city. It produced a small waterfall before exiting into a stream that flowed to the nearby River Fleet.
"Alaab said that if he fell, we should leave Napoli," he said.
"I do not want to leave the land defenseless against this terrible creature."
Tiran turned to face Beros. "There is little we can do now. Three of us could not stop Gwaum. Two of us can do no more. Indeed, we place all Island World in danger by remaining here."
"Then we should leave."
"The King will not allow it. He has commanded us to come up with another plan."
"There is no other plan, Tiran. We cannot conjure another fire ring and that is the only spell which will kill him."
As those words left his mouth, a knock sounded at the door. Tiran walked over and opened it.
A court page stood outside, his eyes fearful as he glanced at the wizard who towered over him.
Tiran, his eyes betraying his fondness for children, asked, "What is it you wish, lad?"
"There is a man who wishes to see you. He says his name is Miron. He says he is a wizard."
Tiran glanced at Beros, who nodded. "I know of him. He is a wizard of the Order of the Encircling Flame. He is one of the most powerful of that order. He resides here in Napoli." 

Tiran returned his glance to the young page. "Show him in, lad."
"Yes, sir." The page ran off and returned with a few minutes later with a short, bald man in tow.
"Here he is sir."
"Good. Thank you, lad. Now run off."
The boy's feet slapped the stone floor as he sped away, leaving Miron and Tiran looking at each other.
"Come in, Miron," said Tiran.
"What can we do for you," asked Beros as the wizard stepped in and closed the door.
Miron looked first at Tiran, then at Beros. "I heard of the incident a few days ago."
"Who hasn't," said Beros. "The city is in panic and the King has pulled all the ships from the docks."
Miron took off his hat and polished the buckle with a handkerchief he pulled from his pocket. "What have you decided to do?"
Beros shrugged. "We have not yet decided. There are only two of us. It takes three to conjure a fire ring, the only way we know of to kill Gwaum."
"I can help you."
A smile played across Tiran's face. "You are not of our order. How can you help us?"
"The spell you need to deploy is one of our orders. I know the spell well. I can help you use it against Gwaum."
Beros and Tiran exchanged glances. "We have already tried that spell with one of our own number. We were not strong enough and Gwaum overcame it."
Miron shook his head. "You deployed it too slow. To overcome the creature the spell you must deploy it fast and close it fast."
"How do you know this?"
"I have heard accounts of it. I know of a way to raise it faster and close it quicker."
Again, Tiran and Beros exchanged glances.
Tiran rubbed his chin and glanced at the fire wizard. "Can you teach us this method?"
"Yes, it is simple. We can practice in the hills above Napoli."
"Then let us go and practice. I see no other solution."
Miron smiled and said, "I was hoping you would agree."
Beros shrugged. "We have no other options. It is this or to flee, leaving the land open to Gwaum's depredations."
Miron, with a grave look on his face said, "Let us hope we are successful."
The three wizards left the room. 

Stars winked in the sky as the wizards returned to the city and returned to the palace. Tiran ordered the page to bring them supper as they entered their conference room. 
"That went well," said Tiran. "I think we shall defeat him the next chance we get."
"I don't think that we will have to wait long before we get an opportunity," said Miron. "He has been quiet for a few days. This morning I heard rumor that he is starting again."
"Word has it that he is approaching Napoli," said Beros.
"He is probably searching for us," said Tiran.
Beros slammed his fist on the wooden table. "He must not find us. Not before we are ready."
At that moment, the page, accompanied by two young women, brought their food. The dishes and silverware clattered as they set out the food and drink.
The page stood by Beros' chair and asked, "Will there be anything else, sir?"
"No, lad. I think we will be fine now."
The boy smiled and the servers left.
The wizards filled their plates and dug into the food. Magic drains the body of energy and the three had spent the afternoon practicing fire circles, an intensive spell. They ate with an enthusiasm borne of bodies depleted of calories.
Tiran glanced at Miron over an upheld glass of wine. "You know the area. How will Gwaum attack the city?"
Miron paused as the pulled a leg of fowl apart, shredding the meat as he pulled it from the bone. "I think he will first visit the cottage of Darnay. He is familiar with that area. It is where he was born."
"That sounds likely," said Tiran as he swallowed a choice bit of meat.
"There is a small hillock below the cottage which overlooks the city. One of us must go there."
Beros nodded. "I will take that spot. Gwaum needs another wizard of our order. I will act as bait to draw him in."
"I will be in the cottage," said Tiran. "In there I can shield my presence from Gwaum. He will not know I am there.
"As I am not of your order, he will not sense me at all," said Miron. "I can conceal myself in the forest. We will thus have him surrounded."
"This sounds like a good plan, said Tiran.
"I hope it is," said Beros. "I think we will not have much time to pull it off. Gwaum will come anytime."
At this sober thought, the company of wizards fell silent. Their time was much shorter than they thought. 

From a ravine that lined the forest, Miron peered towards Darnay's cottage. The wizards were all in place. He only hoped that they were in the right place. The sun was gathering its power, and the shadows were melting away. He shivered in the dawn's cool air, remembering the knock on his bedchamber door that awakened him. One of the many spies deployed around the area reported that Gwaum had entered the forest near the cottage the night before. A brief conference between the wizards produced a unanimous verdict. Gwaum was ready to move against the city.
The army massed in the city below the hills to defend the city in case the wizards failed. Miron did not want to think about that possibility. There could be no failure. If the wizards could not kill Gwaum, the army and city would be defenseless.
He crouched lower into the ravine as he heard the sound of tree branches cracking, as though thrust aside by someone passing. In a moment, Gwaum appeared at the edge of the forest, just feet away from the concealed wizard.
Gwaum strolled to the center of the clearing and stopped. He cocked his head. Miron tensed his body. Gwaum was sensing Beros. Gwaum moved to the edge of the clearing and peered down. The movement drew his attention. The cottage door opened and Tiran stepped out. This was Miron's cue. He scrambled out of the ravine and stood, wand pointing at the monster.
Gwaum turned and saw Tiran. Miron saw a smile flicker over Gwaum's face. It was a hideous face with a hideous smile. The creature walked towards Tiran, then stopped and glanced at Miron. For a moment, the red eye showed surprise. Then the smile returned. Out of the corner of his eye, Miron saw Beros emerge into the clearing. They were all in position.
With a roar, an orb of fire emerged from the end of Miron's wand. His peripheral vision revealed simultaneous orbs from the staffs of the other two wizards. The orbs expanded rapidly, meeting to form a circle. Miron focused his power on his portion of the circle. It was for this that they had practiced. The circle closed with a rush. The wizards advanced, closing the circle. Gwaum, his eye betraying his fear, raised his head.
A red vortex of spinning dust emerged from his mouth. The vortex expanded and surrounded the creature. The spinning air met the closing circle of fire.
The explosion knocked Miron backwards into the ravine. A wall of fire flowed above him. He heard it strike the trees, incinerating them as it passed.
Miron waited. There were no sounds to stimulate his ears. He crept up the bank of the ravine and stuck his head up. Gwaum was kneeling, his back to him, over a pile of gray ashes near the edge of the clearing. A jolt went through his body as he realized what that pile of ashes was. His eyes roamed to the spot that Tiran had stood. Another pile of gray ash was all that remained of the wizard.
Miron felt his body go limp. He rolled to the bottom of the ravine. Hot tears from his eyes melted into the soil, and sobs of grief, rage and disappointment racked his throat.
They had failed. 

Gwaum stood over the pile of ash. Gwaum regretted the incineration of the body. The soul had departed and its magic dissipated. Gwaum had no use for this pile of ash.
A noise from the city gathered in his ears. He stood and walked to the edge of the clearing and looked at the city below. An army gathered in the city below him. Trumpets were blaring as the army prepared for Gwaum's assault. Gwaum smiled. There was no need for him to charge into their swords and arrows. His power had grown. He could do it from here.
He leaned his head back and let loose a terrible sound. An enormous cloud of red dust flew from his throat. It gathered above the army below him and then it descended upon them. The cloud obscured his vision for a short time. When it finally settled, the soldiers lay scattered about. Their hands were on their throats and their eyes bulged from their sockets in the dead faces.
A smile crossed Gwaum’s face. He looked at the castle. He let loose another, more hideous cry. As the sound crossed the space between him and the castle, birds fell from the air, stricken dead with the force of the cry. The wave of sound hit the castle. For a moment it stood. Then the towers began to tremble.
With a loud roar, the towers fell, tumbling in on the rest of the structure. Dust arose and the cries of trapped people rang out amongst the streets. Terror-filled people rushed into the streets from the surrounding buildings. They watched the castle's destruction and the death of their king.
Gwaum let loose one cry after another. Many of the great buildings and halls of Napoli fell. The falling stones and huge wooden beams crushed the people who did not escape into the streets. A red dust settled over the land. The dust choked people in their homes and in their fields.
Thus did Gwaum destroy the fair land of Napoli. Not all died that day. Many escaped into the forests and fields and survived. Not all the buildings fell. Some of the royal buildings and structures withstood the blast, but the red dust choked all. The survivors provided Gwaum with prey for five terrible years as he hunted them down in their hiding places.
The land soon all fell under his influence. The red, stinking dust choked the River Fleet and the once fair river reeked of its odor. The harbor, once busy with ships from many nations, became blocked and deserted. The fields and vineyards were barren. Many that Gwaum did not consume died of starvation and disease.
Terrible times emerged, wrought by a terrible monster, but worse times were to come.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




The Road of Terror

Gwaum stood in the middle of the ruined city of Napolaun. Red dust covered the land and the River Fleet stank with its polluted muck. He was hungry. For five years he had hunted this land, finally depleting it of prey. No humans, or any other creatures, lived here anymore.
It was time for him to extend his range to the rest of Island World. He turned and looked upstream. The last vestiges of the road that once connected Napolaun with the mountains to the west were still visible. Gwaum could not abide water so he would have to cross the mountains.
He strode along the river on a road built by men, men who were now extinct. Soon the mountains stood before him. He climbed the road that led to the top, to the source of the River Fleet.  At the apex, he saw the White Rock. The dust did not cover it. This rock defied his power.
He looked on the White Rock. It was beautiful, shining in the sun, reflecting its rays. Gwaum hated the Rock.
He could feel a part of him calling to the rock. His body flowed with the blood of three wizards. Perhaps the spirit of one of the wizards inhabited the rock, protecting it from his power.
He decided that it did not matter. When he had finished destroying the country, perhaps he would then turn his attention to this last thing.
He turned again to the mountains to the west. There lay his road. Beyond those mountains were lands inhabited by more humans. There would be food to satisfy his hunger.
Another need rustled in his mind. His body contained the spirits of two powerful wizards of the Golden Star. He had absorbed their power when he consumed them. Nevertheless, he was still vulnerable to their magic. A powerful wizard of that order could still subdue him. If he could find another and eat him, then he, Gwaum would be invincible. With the spirits and power of three Wizards of the Golden Star, his dominance would be complete.
On the other side of these mountains there would be more wizards. There would be many more. He did not need many more. He only needed one.
There was another reason for crossing those mountains. There was a city of wizards somewhere over there. The wizards who dwelt within him still strove against him, secreting certain memories from him. He had inklings of this city from their thoughts, but they succeeded in concealing its location from him. This city was dangerous to him. As long as it existed, it was a danger to him. Twice wizards had fought him, and twice he had defeated them. One had escaped. At first Gwaum discounted the escaped wizard's importance. It wasn't until later that it occurred to him that this wizard likely carried knowledge of him back to this city. Even now, there might be wizards plotting to overthrow him.
The path through these mountains would be a difficult road. Gwaum would have to travel there many times for prey and to search for this city. He would not dwell there, in those lands beyond the mountains. His presence there would destroy those lands, as it had destroyed this one. He did not wish obliterate those lands as he had Napoli, as that would destroy his food source. He needed only to destroy the civil order in those lands opening them to his depredations. Then he could hunt at will, while the inhabitants scurried and hid in fear of his presence.
Gwaum pondered the distant peak of the nearest mountain. He leaned his head back and bellowed. The cry echoed across the valley. He watched as the mountaintop began to shake, and then explode in bits of rock and dust. The mountain crumbled, its rubble filling the chasm between the two mountains. Gwaum walked across the rubble and stood on top of the ruined mountain. He could see another mountain in the distance. He again leaned back his head and bellowed. The Road of Terror took shape as the monster advanced across the mountains. Gwaum's highway to the remainder of Island World would be the final path for many of the terrified denizens of that world. 

The small village of Flynn lay, as it always had, at the base of the last of the great mountains of the Ice Mountain range. The Nehra River gurgled past the town on its journey to distant Cleery and the sea.
Jeson Derth toiled on the mountain above the town. His axe bit into a fine, straight tree, chips flying as the blade bit. He loved the fragrance of the cloven wood and the metallic “chunk” sound the axe made as he cut. This was a fine tree. Taren, the carpenter, would buy this tree from him to turn into fine furniture to ship downriver to the markets of Cleery.
Another sound made him quit his work. It was a low rumbling, far in the distance. Jeson placed the head of the axe on the ground, and leaning on the axe, he peered upwards. Thunder? He could see no clouds anywhere. The mountains had fickle weather and he would have to keep a close eye about so a thunderstorm would not find him on the slopes.
He returned to his cutting, the axe singing as it bit into the tree. A slight shudder ran through the tree. Jeson stepped back and glanced up into its branches. The wind caught it, and the tree began to fall. He watched as the tree fell, brushing the limbs of its neighbors as it crashed downwards. It hit the ground, bounced once, and then settled. Jared walked to the tree and sat down. His exertions tired him. Sweat dripped from his brow. He leaned his axe against the fallen trunk and sat down on it. He sipped water from his jug and rested.
 The late afternoon sun signaled that his labor for the day was almost over. He would return tomorrow with his crosscut saw to slice the trunk into lengths the carpenter could use. Then he could hitch the horses to them and drag them to the sawmill by the river. 
The rumbling sound had been constant, so much so that Jeson had begun to ignore it. If it was a storm, he did not care. Soon he would shoulder his axe and descend to the valley, to his cabin and waiting wife Sareh. He could almost smell the savory stew he knew she was making and taste it as it nourished his famished body. Swinging an axe all day built an ample appetite.
A crashing sound behind him drew him to his feet. He turned to see the trees above him falling. One was falling directly at him, threatening to drive him into the ground. He turned and ran. He felt the upper branches brush him as it hit the ground. A loud roar covered the forest. He stopped and turned. A huge red creature gazed at him, its single red eye fastened on his.
Jeson screamed. Then he turned and ran down the mountain with as much speed as his legs would give him. He reached the village and ran to the tavern that lay at its center. He burst through the door and cried, “The monster of Napoli has come. He is on the mountain above the town.”
Jeers and laughter met him.
“The monster of Napoli?” his friend Turson laughed as he slapped Jeson on the back. “That thing is a thing of children’s tales. No one has ever seen that monster.”
“I have.”
The words came from a man who sat at the end of the bar. “I have seen him,” the man repeated. “I am Napoli, and saw the creature destroy Napolaun. I barely escaped that city with my life.”
Jeson looked at the man. “Is it a huge red creature with a single red eye?”
The question elicited a laugh from the crowd.
“Indeed it is. You have seen it then. It is here.”
“Even if this monster exists,” said Turson, “the mountains protect us from him. He cannot get through the Ice Mountains.”
Jeson glanced at his old friend and fellow woodcutter. “I tell you, I saw him. He came crashing through the trees. He will soon find our village. We are not safe here.”
The stranger spoke again, “If he has come to this land, it is not safe anywhere. This monster has destroyed my homeland. He will destroy all he finds here too.”
“I am going home,” said Jeson. “I am going to get Sareh and flee to Cleery.”
“That is the first place he will go, once he feeds here,” said the stranger. “Once he destroyed Napolaun he was free to devastate the rest of the country.”
“How do you know all this?”
“I have had contact with many of my countrymen who escaped Napoli. The last escaped a couple of years ago. Gwaum has obliterated the city.”
Jeson stepped into the street and turned towards his cottage. The others followed. The crowd turned as a guttural roar came from the mountain. They saw Gwaum, bellowing in hunger, as he descended the mountain. He smashed the first house he came to, reached inside and pulled a screaming woman from its rubble. He opened his mouth and dropped her in. The screams stopped and Gwaum fixed his red eye on the crowd in front of him.
They scattered as Gwaum strode towards him. He grabbed the two slowest, one in each hand, and ate these unfortunates.
Jeson ran to his home. Sareh turned as he rushed into the cottage. “Sareh, Gwaum, the Monster of Napoli has come. He is in the town. We must get out of this house and into the forest.”
He ran to her and, above her protests, pulled her out the back door and into the forest. They hid in a thick grove of brush. They did not have to wait long. Gwaum soon appeared. He glanced at the cottage and smashed it with his foot. He peered inside. Seeing no one, he glanced around. He looked towards them as they hid in the scrub. In the failing daylight, Gwaum did not see them.
He raised his head and sniffed.
Luckily, the couple was hiding downwind of the monster, and he did not catch their scent. Gwaum lost interest in them and continued down the road towards his real objective. He would destroy Cleery by morning, before this king could raise an army against him or send for wizards. Then this country would be his. 
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




A Plan

Cleery lay under a shifting cover of red dust, the people who inhabited it scattered in terror. In a matter of days, Gwaum destroyed the kingdom of Torne. He had searched the entire kingdom for the wizard city and did not find it. Just once, as he passed a broken down stone cottage on the road near that little town north of Cleery had he sensed magic of some sort. A close inspection satisfied him that there was nothing of interest there. No one lived in the cottage. The magic he sensed was probably a leftover spell from some wizard who had dwelt there in the past.
He stood on a hill overlooking the city and bellowed in triumph. He paused, satisfied with his dominance. The rains here would soon wash away the red dust of his conquest, but it would be many years before the people would forget the terror of him. Then he would return. Never again would this kingdom stand. Not as long as he, Gwaum, was free to walk Island World. 

His task's enormity revealed itself before his eyes as he stood on the crest of the Mountain of Seven Rivers. Nuckland, the tropical kingdom at Island World's southern tip he had just destroyed. Soon the tropical vines would reclaim Astralphalia. The tropical rains by now had cleansed the land of the dust. The city of wizards did not exist there, in that hot, humid land. His search there was thorough and revealed no city. The lands all around him as far as he could see beckoned to him.
To the east, the wild Barnish tribes did not concern him. Distrustful by nature, these people had never trafficked much with the rest of Island World. He would destroy their city, Truin, of course, and search the lands. If this hidden city of wizards were there in those mountains, it would be difficult to find.
To the north and the kingdom of the Ghronds, he next gazed. He would go there after destroying the Barnes, and then work his way south. Many weeks it would take. He yearned for his home, across the mountains. To feel the red dust beneath his feet and smell the smell of death brought pangs of homesickness. He would endure this world only as long as he needed to stay here to destroy the kingdoms and find this city.
Gwaum raised his face to the sky and bellowed. A red plume of dust arose into the sky. The wind caught it and whisked it away to the east. The setting sun touched the dust with its rays and caused a red illumination over Island World. Many in lands not yet touched by Gwaum wondered at the sound that echoed across the mountains and deserts. The red sunset, more intense than ever seen before, was the subject of many conversations across the lands. The full impact of this warning only the residents of Niru knew. 

Miron watched as the spreading red cloud enveloped the western horizon. His ears caught the loud cry as it swept across the deserts. Behind him, the hidden city shimmered behind its concealing veil. He glanced at his companion. "He is coming."
Nerza, his hand shading his eyes against the rays of the setting sun, watched as the cloud swept over Island World. "Do you think he knows of Niru?"
Miron shrugged. "That I do not know. I felt his power, not his mind."
Miron glanced at Nerza. "Beros, was brave, Nerza. Gwaum was too powerful for us."
"He bested our greatest wizards, Miron. It is fortunate for us that you escaped to bring tiding to us of his strength."
"Sometimes I wish I had perished with the others, Nerza. Gwaum inhabits my dreams."
"We must return to the city, Miron. We must ready our preparations if Gwaum comes."
"We cannot fight him, Nerza. There are not enough Wizards of the Golden Star. Even if there were, it would not be enough. Gwaum knows what we need to do to destroy him. He will be ready for another fire ring."
"We cannot allow Gwaum to rampage at will through Island World. We must find another solution."
Nerza stopped in front of the shimmering veil that was visible only to eyes attuned to magic. "Somehow we must stop him, Miron. If we cannot stop him now, we must keep him from finding the city."
"The veil will be visible to his eyes."
"Yes, it will. Somehow, we must find a way. Come, Sluv is convening a meeting of the Grand Council. We must inform him of what we have seen and heard."
With a wave of his wand, Nerza opened the veil and the two wizards stepped inside. Swift steps carried them past the Plaza of the Crystal Obelisk, the source of the city's power. A fountain burbled forth from the ground. It flowed into a silver pool and exited to the stream that soon again dove underground and continued its way to the sea. It was this subterranean river that gave the nixes of the seas access to the Hidden City. The Grand Council Chamber towered over the plaza.
The wizards entered the building. . A guard stood in front of each door, watching the wizards with impassive eyes. Nerza and Miron displayed the secret sign and one guards nodded and moved aside. Nerza opened the door and stepped inside, followed by Miron. Grand Wizard Slut nodded to Nerza as he took his seat.
Sluv stood and took his place behind the podium and rapped sharply. "The last of the Council has arrived. I call the meeting to order."
He paused and gazed over the assembly, which normally consisted of twelve wizards, three from each order. There were only eleven, as Gwaum had decimated the ranks of the Wizards of the Golden Star. There were only two others now besides he and Nerza, both were in far lands and both in hiding from Gwaum.
Sluv cleared his throat. "I think you are all aware of the reason for the summons for this special session and I would like to thank you all for traveling to attend."
Sluv paused and sipped at a crystal glass that sat near his hand. "We have heard rumors that Gwaum is now moving through the kingdoms of Island World."
At this, Nerza raised his hand and Sluv acknowledged him.
Nerza stood. "Miron and I have just come from outside the veil. We saw a vast red cloud arising in the east. We heard the cry of Gwaum as he stood at the apex of the Mountain of Seven Rivers."
A gasp ran through the assembly and a worried look spread over Sluv's face. "He is really on the move then. We have reports that he has destroyed the Kingdoms of Torne and Astralphalia."
The nix wizard Moog arose. "What shall we do about this threat?" His eyes fastened on Nerza. "The most powerful wizards have already failed in their attempts to destroy him."
Miron glanced at Sluv, who nodded at him. Miron arose. "We cannot destroy him. As you know, I participated in the last attempt to do just that and barely escaped with my life."
Moog looked at Miron and asked, "What do you suggest, then?"
"To destroy him for us is impossible. We do not have the means. His mind touched mine for an instant during the conflict. I sensed two of our number within him. The spirits of Darnay and Alaab are inside him. They are resisting him as much as they can. But he knows Niru exists."
The worried look on Sluv's face grew deeper. "He cannot find our city. If he destroys it, the last chance to resist him vanishes."
Nerza folded his hands behind his back and spoke, "If he does, there is the chance that he will locate another Wizard of the Golden Star. If he does that and manages to ingest one more of our number, he will be invincible. There will be no stopping him."
Moog, a thoughtful look on his face, said, "How about using a mind spirit?"
Sluv's face turned from worried to questioning. "What is a mind spirit, Moog?"
Moog took a towel from the table next to him, dipped it in a basin of water that sat in front of him. He dampened his skin with the towel, and then said, "A mind spirit is a powerful bit of nix magic. We use it when we need a particular type of nix wizard to perform a certain type of magic. It is a slow acting spell, requiring several years to culminate."
"We may not have several years, Moog." Sluv's face displayed impatience.
"We do if we can implement the spell right."
"How is right, Moog?"
Moog's eyes roved the assembly. "We still have two members of the Order of the Golden Star." His eyes moved from Nerza to Sluv. "Members of your order have capabilities of our order. If we can trap Gwaum near a river we can implant a forgetting spell which will make him forget any memories he has of the Hidden City."
"That would remove the threat of his finding Niru," said Sluv. "But Gwaum would still be a threat to Island World."
"He would remain a threat for many years," said Moog. "But when we implant the spell, we also remove a small portion of his essence."
Sluv's glanced at Nerza. "Is this possible?"
Nerza nodded. "Yes, this is possible. It is also dangerous."
The Grand Wizard's face regained its worried expression. "How is it dangerous?"
"The essence would contain all the elements of Gwaum's spirit. It would contain a small portion of Gwaum. It would also contain a small portion of the wizards he ingested. We have to remove part of Alaab and Darnay's essence."
"Why cannot we just remove all his life force and kill him?"
"There would be a great danger that the freed life force would enter into one of the wizards performing the spell. We might just switch one danger with another. We do not know what would then happen. We might just create the thing we are trying to prevent."
Sluv glanced back at Moog. "What of the second part of your spell? This mind spirit?"
"The wizards who remove part of Gwaum's essence will perform a special bit of magic which I will teach them. It is in this way that we create a mind spirit. The mind spirit consists of the special qualities which we impart in it."
"What are these qualities?"
"The wish to destroy Gwaum.” Silence swept across the assembly. Sluv, his eyes narrowed, asked, "Is a spell like this possible? It sounds like Forbidden Magic."
Moog's eyes narrowed as he returned Sluv's gaze. "The Council cannot make forbidden which it does not know about. There is much about nix magic of which you do not know. I only suggest this because it seems the only way to stop Gwaum."
"What then happens to this mind spirit?" Sluv's face was a mix of curiosity and revulsion.
Moog's face did not soften. "We send it aloft to search."
"What does this spirit search for?"
Moog again used the damp towel to moisten his skin. He replaced the towel on the table. He looked up and said, "When the father plants his seed in the mother and the new life takes form, the body and soul mate. It is a mating which lasts until death. The mind spirit searches the souls of those who are waiting for bodies and finds one with the special characteristics it needs. If allies itself with this soul and together they mate with a body. As the person grows, the mind spirit's powers grow. We can create a powerful wizard using a mind spirit."
"It sounds dangerous," said Sluv.
"It can be. This mind spirit would contain the essence of not only Gwaum, but Darnay and Alaab as well."
"That is two evil spirits against one good one. Could the bad outweigh the good?"
"Yes," said Moog. "That is the danger. However, the wizards who create the mind spirit will also impart part of their own essence as well. The character of the person also comes into play. If the person is a good person, the wizard we create will be good. Life experience also influences this wizard."
Silence again pervaded the chamber as the Council members digested Moog's words.
At length, Sluv rapped the gavel. "What you propose, Moog, sounds dangerous. It is possible that it is our only course. I think we should adjourn this meeting to discuss this among ourselves. Will someone motion to adjourn?"
Miron seconded Nerza motioned, and Sluv rapped the gavel. "The meeting is adjourned until tomorrow morning."
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Showdown

The dawn began awakening the desert. Gwaum liked the desert. The sandy, rocky waste reminded him most of his home. The frozen wastes of Ghrond lay behind him, its capital city of Ghree under a thick carpet of red dust. The last of the kingdoms of Island World, Naul, awaited his attentions. Gwaum's eyes swept the banks of the Aeol River. He could not abide water. He spied a bridge just above the city, which lay on the other side of the river. The city appeared deserted in the early morning light. Word of his passage must have preceded him. It did not matter. He would destroy the city and then he would scour the sands, searching out refugees. He would find and kill as many as he could, imparting his terror to the populace and destroying the will to resist.
As he approached the bridge, he scanned the opposite shore. The vegetation near the shoreline could conceal a threat. Gwaum did not worry about threats. The most powerful wizards in Island World could not stand against him. After pausing for just a moment, Gwaum began crossing the bridge. As he neared the shore, he felt the growing presence of one of those wizards. He grew alert. His foot touched the ground and he stopped and sniffed the air. There was someone here. Maybe there were two of them. He continued his pace and stopped again. There were two of them.
Gwaum smiled. This would be easy. 

Three wizards sat around a wooden table in the Grand Wizards private chamber. A fourth basked in a large wooden tub filled with fresh, clear water near the table.
Sluv glanced at Moog as he ducked his head beneath the water. "Is that suitable for you, Moog?"
The nix surfaced and smiled. "Yes, Grand Wizard. It will do. It is better than that nasty towel."
Sluv filled the glasses of the other wizards from the wine decanter that occupied the center of the table. He glanced at Nerza. "You have studied Darnay's records. What do you say about this "mind spirit" spell?"
Nerza glanced at Moog. "I do not like it. It touches Forbidden Magic."
Moog leaned against the backside of the tub, his eyes focused on Nerza. "Do you have an alternative idea?"
Nerza shook his head. "I do not. I have studied Darnay's journals and records. Gwaum has few weaknesses that we can exploit. His aversion to water is the only weakness I can find."
Sluv's eyes lit at Nerza's words. "The last we have heard, Gwaum is moving into Ghrond. To get to us from there, he has to cross the Aeol River. If he cannot touch the water, he must use the Naru Bridge. We can destroy the bridge when he is on it. We can let the river destroy our enemy."
Nerza shook his head. "The water of the river would destroy him, it is true. His destruction would corrupt not only the Aeol, but all bodies of water touched by it."
"The seas, also?"
Nerza shrugged. "That I do not know. The rivers of Island World connect each other using an underground lake under the Mountain of Seven Rivers. It would corrupt all the rivers of Island World. We cannot use the water of the river to destroy him."
Sluv glanced at the fourth occupant of the room. "You are the only one here who has battled Gwaum, Miron. What do you think?"
Miron sipped at his wine and rolled the stem of the glass between his hands before placing the glass back on the table. "Like Nerza, I do not like this spell. We would be creating something that we cannot control. Who knows what this mind spirit will do once we create it and set it free. You say you can implant a forgetting spell. If you can do that, why not just wipe his memory clean. Then Gwaum would pose no threat at all. He would forget what he is."
Nerza shook his head. "A full memory wipe is a tricky spell which requires many hours to complete. We will have only a moment to do our work. We will be lucky if we can excise only one memory."
Putting his hands on his hips, Miron leaned forward. "I do not like it. We must find another way."
"If there is another way, I do not see it," said Nerza.
Sluv rubbed his chin. "It seems we are at an impasse. A solution appears that we do not like, which may well turn on us. But it is the only solution I see."
Moog dunked his head once more under the water. When he resurfaced, he again leaned against the back of the tub. "Then I suggest we place the proposal before the full council in the morning. Let them know all the facts and allow them to decide."
Moog glanced at Nerza. "You, who best know the lore of Gwaum, can find no better solution."
Nerza folded his hands in front of him on the table, studying his nails with a faraway look in his eyes. At length he spoke, "I see no better solution, Moog. Gwaum is too powerful for us to try to destroy by ourselves. He has defied our best wizards twice."
He shifted his gaze to Moog. "I will support your plan before the council. I only hope I do not regret the decision."
The Grand Wizard turned his face towards Miron. "Are you in agreement, Miron?"
"I see no other alternative, Grand Wizard. I only regret that I cannot take part in the operation."
"No, you cannot. This is a job for Moog, Nerza and I." He again looked at Moog. "How long will it take you to teach us the necessary magic?"
"Not over a week, I should say. You are both well versed in how our magic works."
"Our biggest problem will be knowledge of when Gwaum approaches. We must take our positions before he enters the city," said Sluv.
"The river will block our presence. Gwaum will not sense us until he crosses the bridge. It is then that he will be most vulnerable because at that point we can surprise him."
Moog looked troubled. "How will we know when he approaches?"
"I think I can solve that problem," said Nerza. "My experiments with yuhma birds may prove useful."
The Grand Wizard turned quizzical eyes on Nerza. "Yuhma birds? What are you doing with those things?"
"The yuhma bird can find its way home from long distances."
"That has been known for a long time," said Miron.
"I have trained some birds I captured as squabs. They will return to me, where ever I am, not to just a specific point."
"I don't see the use for that," said Moog.
"My experiments also involve sending them to people and have had limited success with that. It seems I have to know the person I send the bird to."
"Again, I do not see the point of this, Nerza. What good are birds which can visit people?"
A smile crossed Nerza's face. "If you tie a note to the bird's leg, it can carry it to any person I know. The person can write a reply and send the bird back to me."
Sluv's face erupted in a smile. "That is ingenious, Nerza. How far along is this work you are doing?"
"The birds will return to me every time. I still have difficulty sending them out. We can post lookouts north of the river. When Gwaum approaches, the lookout can send a bird to me, alerting us. We can then move into position."
"It sounds like a workable plan," said Sluv. "In the morning we will have a proposal to put before Council."
Miron eyed the now empty wine decanter on the table. "It has been a long day and I am hungry. I motion that we move our meeting to the Sand's Edge Inn."
"I will second the motion," said Nerza.
Moog stood, the water dripping from his skin. "I will be leaving your company. I need to immerse myself in the river and I do not like human food."
"We will see you when we adjourn tomorrow, then," said Sluv.
Amid renewed optimism, tempered with the seriousness of their plans, the wizards retired to the Inn. 

The bird returned at dawn, bearing the note from Miron. Nerza untied the leather thong which secured it to the bird's leg and read it. He glanced at Sluv.
"It is time," he said.
The wizards walked with haste to the river and summoned Moog.
"We will conceal ourselves in the undergrowth along the river, one of us on each side of the road," said Sluv.
He glanced at Moog. "As long as you are in the water Gwaum cannot sense you."
"I must stay in the water to work my magic," said Moog. "We cannot allow Gwaum to go far from the river."
"We will intercept him as soon as he comes off the bridge."
Sluv glanced first at Moog, then at Nerza. "We will have only a moment to work our magic. We must spring the mind trap before Gwaum is able to discern what we are doing. Then Nerza and I must run from Gwaum so he does not capture either of us. If he does, all that we have done is for naught."
The wizards concealed themselves and waited. They did not have to wait long.
Nerza tensed as he saw Gwaum approach. The creature eyed Naru from the opposite bank of the river. Nerza regretted that they would be unable to stop Naru's destruction. They had done what they could and the people had fled, hiding in places deep in the desert.
Gwaum began to cross the bridge. As he reached the south bank, Nerza emerged from the underbrush. Gwaum was facing him. He stopped when he saw the wizard. He could see Sluv emerge from the underbrush behind Gwaum, who turned and saw the other wizard. Out of the corner of his eye, Nerza saw Moog emerge from the water.
Gwaum would not be able to detect Moog, as he was not a wizard of the Order of the Golden Star. It was up to Moog to make the first move.
Nerza pulled the wand from the head of his staff and pointed it a Gwaum. He could see Sluv do the same. He watched as a smile emerged from Gwaum's face. The monster raised his hands above his head.
Moog directed his face at Gwaum. His face was impassive, eyes focused. Gwaum jerked as Moog's mind touched his. In an instant, Sluv and Nerza extended their minds and connected with Moog's in the mind of Gwaum. They sprang the mind trap.
For a moment, Nerza was aware of Alaab and Darnay's presence. The two wizards sensed their need and the memory they sought surfaced. Nerza touched that memory and with a flash, it vanished. One last task remained. The three wizards strove together and clutched at a small piece of Gwaum's essence. With a mighty effort, the wizards tore it free. In the process, a small portion of their essence tore loose. The tiny pieces of soul combined and broke free of Gwaum's body. For a moment, the small silver orb hung above Gwaum. Then it rose and disappeared into the sky.
Now the danger lay open to the three wizards. Gwaum, whom taken by surprise, began to resist. Nerza felt the power of the creature as it strove to capture his soul.
A struggle now ensued between the three wizards trying to extract their minds from Gwaum and the creature who wished to keep them. Gwaum drew Nerza's mind from is body. Nerza resisted. If Gwaum succeeded, then their struggle would be in vain. Like an earthworm resisting the hand that tries to pull it from its hole, Nerza clutched at his soul. He felt the will of the creature weaken. It was struggling against three powerful wizards and it was now losing.
Nerza felt himself recoil backwards. He hit the ground, a sharp rock cutting into his buttocks.
He felt consciences slipping from him. He could not faint. Nerza saw Sluv also hit the ground. The older wizard lay still on the ground. Nerza fought off the vertigo and halted the spinning of the world. He saw Gwaum, dazed but still conscience, turn. The creature saw Sluv, lying helpless on the ground. The creature staggered, almost fell, righted himself and walked towards Sluv. He reached down to grasp Sluv's ankles.
"No." The cry escaped Nerza throat. With a flick of the wand, he flung his most powerful killing spell at Gwaum. The spell struck Gwaum and exploded.
Nerza stood watching. The smoke cleared. Sluv's lifeless, charred body lay at Gwaum's feet. Gwaum, dazed by spells ferocity, turned towards Nerza who turned and ran as fast as he could run. He ran until his lungs burned like the sand upon which his feet trod. At length he stopped and turned. Gwaum was nowhere in sight. Nerza dropped to the sand.
They had won. Nerza knew that they had won.
He closed his eyes and wept.

Gwaum stared down at the dead wizard at his feet. So close, he had been and again denied. He turned to see the other, younger wizard run. Gwaum tried to follow, but the effects of the spells worked on him by the trio of wizard and the killing spell had exhausted him. He sat down on the rocky sand, his heavy body thumping as it struck the ground.
He glanced at the city. After he rested, he would destroy it. That had been his task before these wizards accosted him. He wondered at their purpose. It had cost one of them his life. He shook his head.  There was another thing that he had sought, but he could not wrap his thoughts around it.
At length Gwaum stood up. Whatever it was, that memory was gone. He glanced again at the city. This was the last one, the last of the remaining five kingdoms of Island World. When he destroyed it, he would be able to go home. He closed his eyes and remembered the vast red landscape.
He walked toward the city. He would enjoy his land once more.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




The Tale Ends

The fire burned low as Nerza finished the tale. The stars above had shifted and the darkness of full night descended.
Arii, his eyes reflecting the last shards of flame, gazed at Nerza from across the fire. "That was a terrible story."
Nerza shifted and stretched his legs. "It was a horrible defeat for our Order that day. Four wizards of our order lost to the ravages of Gwaum, with two consumed by the creature. The Order of the Golden Star has never recovered from that loss."
"What happened to Miron?"
"He escaped Gwaum and made his way to the southern coast of Napoli. He managed to board a fishing boat filled with refugees escaping from Napoli. He carried his tale to Niru. That is how we know of the sad events and the fate of our brother wizards."
"Gwaum then went on to ravage the entire country?"
"We believe so. Some of the Barnish tribesmen have made their way into the land over their secret mountain ways. They have brought back tales of a land covered in red, burning dust. None can bear traveling far in that desolate land."
"What of the rumor of those who escaped?"
Nerza shrugged. "As I have said, that happened when I was away. If it is true, they have hidden themselves well."
Feraun said, "Island World is better off now that Gwaum has gone."
"If he is truly dead," said Nerza. "We do not know that for sure."
"He has not returned or heard of since."
"Island World is a big place, Feraun. There are many places for him to hunt. His raiders still come here."
Feraun said, "Gwaum trained them to raid, Nerza. If that is all they know they might continue even after Gwaum's death."
Nerza leaned towards the dying fire, warming his hands on the leftover heat of the coals. "We will have to deal with them. If Gwaum is dead, the land of Napoli will recover. Others may want to go there. It was a good land before Gwaum."
Feraun stood up. "The night is passing and morning will come soon. All this storytelling has tired me."
Thus, the night and the tale ended, but the story of Gwaum goes on.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Captives

Turson Stin watched as his wife removed the pot from the fire. The savory meat smelled delicious in the confines of his refurbished cottage. Gwaum had destroyed the roof in his search for food. Luckily he and his wife were at the inn when Jeson came bursting in with his horrible news. This was the news that he, Turson, and the others had made fun of them for delivering.
Turson was not laughing now. The thought of his friend caused him some concern. Sareh was pregnant and Jeson would not bring her in from the forest. He kept saying that they were not safe here and that Gwaum would return. It had been many weeks and the creature had not come back. The remaining villagers came out from hiding and began repairing their cabins. Winter would be coming in a few weeks and none had the desire to stay in the forest during the cold snows.
He recalled his conversation the previous day with Jeson.
“I am leaving,” Jeson had said. “I am taking Sareh far away from this place.”
“But the monster is gone,” Turson had replied. “No one has seen him for many weeks.”
“I have found his road on the mountain above the village. He will return. I have gathered some horses, Turson. Come with us. You and Sali are in danger here.”
“This is our home, Jeson. Our families are here. We cannot just pick up and go.”
“I have gathered supplies, Turson. Tomorrow we will leave. Be at the ridge above the village at dawn. Bring your horses. We will leave together.” 

Turson finished his meal and glanced at Sali. “Jeson and Sareh are leaving Flynn. They will go tomorrow. Do you want to go with them?”
Sali’s eyes sought his. “Do you think it is safe here?”
“Jeson does not think so. He says he has found a road the monster carved through the mountains from Napoli. He thinks the monster will return to his home that way.”
“Why would the monster want to go back to that desolate place? He has destroyed it, the tales say.”
Turson stood up. “That I do not know. But Jeson thinks that the monster would not have gone to the trouble to build such a road if he did not plan on returning.”
Turson went to the window that looked towards the east. He could see the road that led to what was left of Napoli.
“Sali, I think Jeson was right.”
Sali joined his side. Gwaum was standing in the road, looking at the town. They could hear the screams of the people outside.
They watched in horror as Gwaum began rounding people up. He forced one young man to bind the hands of the captives behind their backs.
Gwaum’s eyes were scanning the cottages. “Hide in the pantry,” commanded Turson. Sali ran to the pantry and crouched inside. Turson joined her and pulled the door shut. A moment later, Gwaum ripped the roof from their home. They could hear the sounds of their furniture smashing as Gwaum groped about inside. Turson could hear the fingers find the pantry door.
A moment later, he tore away the door. Strong fingers clutched Turson’s ankles pulling him from the pantry. Sali’s screams filled his ears. Gwaum took him to the other captives. A moment later, Sali joined him.
A rope bound their wrists and another connected their necks to the rest of the captives.
Turson noted that most of the remaining residents of Flynn made up this terrible chain. He watched as Gwaum approached the last remaining undamaged cottage. Gwaum tore the roof off and after a brief search, he pulled Sareh’s mother from the cottage. He examined her, and then dropped her into his opened mouth.
Turson heard a scream from the slope above the village. Sareh had witnessed the death of her mother. He watched as Gwaum started towards the sound of the scream. Rock outcroppings studded the meadow. As Gwaum approached one of these, he saw Fergson Eils run from one of the rocks in his path. Gwaum grabbed him and returned to the string of captives. He added Ferguson to the chain.
Gwaum returned to the meadow. He approached the spot the scream had come from. He brushed aside the tree branches and peered into the forest. After several minutes of searching, Gwaum returned. He pushed the leader of the chain, compelling him to walk. Gwaum drove them like cattle up the mountain road. Darkness fell, but still they plodded on. Turson was weary. Twice he did his best to pull Sali to her feet after she had fallen.
The night was a night of terror, walking to whatever their fate was along a dark road, the monster prodding them along with a long pole.
By morning light, they reached the end of the road. Turson could see only a stark, red landscape around them. A tired weakness consumed him. The monster signaled that they could rest. One by one, the captives lay on the cold, stony ground. Turson could see the only feature that was not red, a huge white rock glistening in the morning sun high on the crest of the mountain.
The monster appeared undecided. He stood looking across the red landscape. Finally, he decided. He pulled the leader of the throng to his feet and pushed him. The rest stood up and began the trek down the mountain on the steep, narrow road.
Hours passed and still the throng moved on, prodded by the monster. When one, weakened by the lack of sleep, water and food, he threatened to pull the entire chain of people down the mountain. Always Gwaum pulled the person up and the torturous journey continued. When they reached the bottom, Gwaum again allowed them to rest. Turson felt himself slipping into a deep, troubled sleep. 

There were enough captives to keep him fed for almost a month so he would not have to hunt for some time. He could enjoy his home for a few weeks before coming back to this place.
Gwaum was happy as Gwaum could be. As he herded the captives across his road, a worry erupted in his mind. It was something that had not occurred to him. These humans would have to eat and have fresh water. It was a problem that had not occurred to him.
The problem occupied his mind as he plodded behind the slow-moving throng. He wanted them to go faster.  However, the ropes that bound their hands behind their backs and the ropes that led from one neck to another hindered them. The females were the problem. They were smaller and weaker. They would not last so long and he would have to eat them first.
As the last of the humans passed the White Rock, Gwaum decided upon his course. At the end of the River Fleet, the great city lay in ruins. There was still a clear spring near the city. It was beside the bay that led to the Great Water. The bay had reopened here, and fish still swam in its waters. That was the point to which he would take his captives.
It would be a long trek for the captives. Many would collapse along the way. Gwaum noted this in his mind. Future captives must carry food and water with them to sustain them along the way.
Gwaum’s eyes swept the throng. Already several were weakening. These he would feed on first.
Turson stumbled along in the hot sun. In front of him Sali walked, swaying unsteadily at times as the effects of no food or water sapped her of strength. From time to time Turson could hear the screams of an unfortunate who would fall, and not have the strength to rise. Gwaum would grasp the hapless person by the ankles and pull hard. The head would snap off. And he would dangle the body over his enormous mouth and drop it in.
As the sun climbed higher, Turson saw Sali throw back her head. She fell. Turson surged forward, pulling the captives behind him along in his desperation. He bent down, sank his teeth into the collar of her dress, and pulled her to her feet.
She moaned, tried to fall again, but Turson would not let her. Finally, she began again to stumble forward.
The sun climbed higher. Thirst and hunger consumed Turson, but still he plodded on, his eyes glued to his wife. His fear intensified when she fell again.
Once more, Turson plunged ahead. The rope around his neck burned like fire as it ripped the flesh away. He paid no attention to the pain. Again, he bit the collar of her dress and pulled her up. She stood on wobbly legs.
“Sali, you have to stay on your feet. Walk. Please, Sali, walk. You cannot leave me.”
Gwaum was hovering close, watching the woman. Sali raised her head and saw him. She again began to walk.
The sun began its downward descent. The horrible cries of the captives as he drove them along the old road pierced Turson’s brain. He focused on two things, keeping his feet moving forward, and watching his wife. Gwaum was hanging close to her, as if he knew she was about to fall.
When she did, he moved quickly. Turson moved faster.
Again, he clenched her collar in his teeth and pulled her up. Sali stayed unconscious. Turson could not hold her. He felt a tooth snap and she started to slip. He shook her like a dog shaking an animal. Gwaum loomed over him and began reaching down.
Sali awoke. She put her remaining strength in her legs and stood, leaning against Turson.
Gwaum hesitated. He looked at the sun, which was lowering below the horizon. He had eaten his fill and did not want to eat this woman. Better to let her rest. Tomorrow he was sure he would get her. He would be hungry then.
Gwaum untied the last man in the sad procession. He indicated that he was to untie the others. They were weak and Gwaum did not fear that they would try to run. There was nowhere to run anyway. If they tried, he could run them down and eat them.
Turson and Sali lay together in a deep depression. The red dust coated their bodies and clawed at their throats. Turson’s neck burned from red, bleeding scrapes left by the ropes when he lunged to rescue Sali. After a time, he revived a bit and raised himself up on one elbow.
He watched Sali sleep. She was bloody where the ropes cut her, and had a nasty cut on her forehead that struck a rock when she fell. Covered with red dust and bruised. He reached for her hand. She stirred in her sleep.
She would never make it. He did not know their destination. The way the monster was driving them, he could only guess that the place was distant.  What he wanted with them Turson did not know. He could only guess at the horror of their fate.
He heard a noise behind him. He turned. Gwaum stood behind him, glaring at him with that terrible red eye.
The monster reached for him and grabbed him. He pulled him out to the middle of the remains of a river. The ground was mushy and it stank. There were others here, all men. Gwaum indicated that they should dig in the banks of the river.
Turson, using his hands, began to dig through the top layer of red muck. Under this layer, he hit a dark layer of dirt. This was soft and yielded to his hands. There were stones that cut, but he kept digging, as did the others. The dirt gave way to a layer of sand. Turson stopped. In the dim light of the gathering evening, he could see water welling into the bottom of the hole he had dug. Fresh water. Life sustaining water. He cupped his hands and scooped some up. In this way, he drank his fill. The others around him were doing likewise. Turson stood and ran to Sali. He pulled her to her feet.
“Let me alone, Turson. I want to die.”
“Sali, there is water. Come, you must drink. You will feel better if you drink.”
He pulled her along, over her protests. He led her to the hole he had dug. Other men were doing the same, leading their wives and loved ones to water.
Together they drank their fill. By digging further, he found grubs and worms living in the soil. He looked at the handful of wriggling creatures. Disgust filled his soul.
He must eat. Sali must eat. Somehow, they would survive. For what fate they were saving themselves, he did not know. Determination that the monster would not feed on him or Sali drove him. He would spend his last strength resisting the monster.
He thrust the handful of grubs into his mouth and cringed at the earthy, bitter taste. He dug more and thrust them at Sali. She looked at them, her eyes brimming with revulsion.
“I cannot eat those, Turson.”
“You must, Sali. You must eat them. We have to maintain our strength.”
“Why? So we can serve as either food or slaves for Gwaum. It is not for our benefit that he has saved us.”
“There is always hope, while we live Sali.”
“Hope for what, Turson?”
“Hope that we can escape this dreadful place, Sali. We will escape. You and I will flee this horrid place. We will go back to Torne. We will live to tell our children of this place.”
Sali looked at Turson. A smile lit her tired features. “For you Turson, I will eat those repulsive worms. And in payment, you had better lead us to freedom.”
“I will Sali. I will get us out of this terrible place.”
As he said the words, Turson had no idea how he would keep his promise to his wife. 

Perhaps this was their destination. Turson looked around at the survivors. Almost a third of the captives had collapsed along the way, devoured by the monster. It had taken many terrible days to walk to this place. Each evening the monster had camped on the side of the former river. Each night the captives had dug holes to find the rakish water that had taken refuge beneath the red soil. The others had discovered Turson’s food supply. They took advantage of the slimy, repulsive creatures there.
Vile though they were they gave life to the prisoners. With life came hope. The monster was keeping them alive, though for what purpose none dared to guess. The answer to that question would have distilled the terror from their souls.
There was water here, and the captives drank freely from the spring. Then all lay on the only patch of green grass left in Napoli. Turson could see the bay of Napoli below them. They were in a huge, open area. Gwaum freed the hands of one of the captives and indicated that he was to free the others. They were too weak for Gwaum to fear that they would try to escape.
After they were free, Gwaum walked to the edge of the bay. He extended his hand and a fireball emerged from his palms and struck the water. Fish, stunned by the blast, floated to the surface. Gwaum looked at Turson and pointed to the fish.
Turson understood. He waded into the water and began gathering the fish. This, then, was how the monster wished to feed them.
Sali turned her head and said, “No, Turson, I cannot eat raw fish, no matter how hungry I am.”
“Sali, you have to eat. You have to regain your strength.”
“Why, so that monster can wait a few days more to eat me. I am sorry, Turson. I will weaken and let this horror end sooner.”
Turson took a bite of the fish, chewed and swallowed it. “It is not so bad, Sali. Please, eat some.”
Sali shook her head. “No, Turson. I will not eat.”
Turson studied his wife. She was dirty, her clothing torn and stained. Her eyes no longer had the spark that had made him fall in love with her.
“Sali, we can escape. I know we can. But you have to eat to get your strength back.”
“Escape? How can we hope to escape? This monster will see us go. Besides,” here her eyes sought out one of the other captives, “That scum Veral guards us.”
Turson stole a furtive glance at the man who sat on a rock, dagger held in his hand, watching the captives.
“It seems that the monster has gotten a hold on our friend and turned him against us. A way of escape has occurred to me.”
“How, Turson? How can we escape?”
“We have to stay strong, Sali. Make sure the monster doesn’t eat us too soon. Some of the others are too far gone. He will choose them first, saving the strongest for last. If we stay strong, we will be among the last and we may see a chance to get away.” 
“Even if we do, Turson, the creature will track us down.”
“We have to keep up hope, Sali. It is all we have.” Again, Turson held a strip of the fish in front of Sali. She looked at Turson and smiled.
“All right, my dear. For you I will eat. For you I will keep up hope. If only to watch you die at the hands of that horrible creature.”
She took the proffered fish. She stuck it in her mouth, chewed it and swallowed. “That is terrible,” she said.
She ate the fish and more that Turson offered her. Then they drank deeply from the clear, cold waters of the rocky stream, and they did live.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Escape

Days passed and the numbers of the captives dwindled. Turson watched and waited. The best pieces of fish and other food scraps he gave to Sali and her strength returned. He watched as the color returned to her face and her eyes shone once more.
The creature began taking longer absences from the bay. He was sure his guard, the man Veral, would keep the captives here where he could get at them.
Six more days passed. Turson was growing desperate. As day fell, Turson counted only six people left. The others were weak and sickly, having given up all hope. Turson had browbeaten his wife to continue to eat and drink, and above all, not give up hope.
The sun lay low on the western horizon. Gwaum walked through his feedlot. He chose another victim, ate her, and then strode off into the gathering darkness.
“He has gone,” said Turson. “Now is our chance. He will not come back until morning.”
“There is still Veral,” said Sali. “He keeps a constant vigil, and he has a dagger.”
“I will deal with Veral.”
When the darkness was complete, Turson approached Veral. “He has gone, Veral. We can escape.”
Veral stood up. “There will be no escape for you, Turson. I have seen you watching. The creature will return. He will eat you next.”
Turson gauged the distance between the two men. His eye fell on the dagger. The starlight provided soft illumination, reflected by the waters of the bay. He edged closer. “We can escape, Veral. The creature will not return until dawn. We have hours to run. We can get to safety.”
“There is no safety for us, Turson.”
“So the creature has promised your safety if you betray your friends and neighbors?”
“Here there are not friends or neighbors,” Veral said. “There are only survivors. I intend to survive.”
“The creature will eat you as well,” said Turson. “He is saving you for last. You will watch us all die, then he will kill you as well.”
He watched as doubt entered Veral’s eyes.
He sprang at Veral, grabbing at the dagger with his hand. The two men fell to the rocky earth and struggled. The dagger fell. Turson, thinking of Sali, fought hard. He struck Veral across the face and felt the crunch as he broke the man’s nose. Blood streamed from Veral’s nostrils. He screamed in pain, and then groped for the dagger. Turson beat him to it, but Veral tried to take Turson down.
Then he cried out, and fell to the earth, the dagger protruding from his abdomen. He reached for it, but Turson grabbed it first. He withdrew it from him. Dark blood flowed.
Veral watched in wide-eyed horror as his life streamed from him.
“You could have gone with us,” said Turson. “We could have escaped together. But you chose this instead.”
Turson watched as Veral died on the stony ground. He stood up and returned to Sali.
“Come, we must hurry.”
“What about the rest?”
Turson looked at the others, lying on the ground nearby. None had even stirred during the struggle.
“They are too weak to travel. They will only slow us down. We must escape alone, Sali.”
Sali looked at the other captives. Turson was right. They had to go.
Together they stole off into the night. None of the remaining captives even watched them as they disappeared into the darkness. 

The night was almost half-gone. They stopped to take a break, and Turson studied the ground behind them.
“This will not do,” he said. “We are leaving tracks in the dust. I am sure the creature will be able to follow our scent. We have to try another path.”
“What shall we do,” Sali asked.
Turson looked at the river that was a quagmire of red, stinking muck. They could not travel that way. 
“We cannot cover our tracks, nor hide our scent. We cannot make the White Rock for many days, and even if we could, the creature would overtake us before we could get across.”
He glanced at his wife. She was already tired. Turson also felt the fingers of fatigue groping at him, trying to convince him to stop. He would not stop.
Turson decided that it was time to do the unexpected. The creature would think that they would try to escape by the same route they came in. Indeed, that is what they were doing.
“We must double back.”
Sali looked at him. “Go back? For days we sought to escape, and now you want to go back?”
“Our trail will lead him here, to this point. If we return, the creature will waste time following our scent to a dead end.”
“But we will still be in that ruined city.”
“There are still buildings there. We can hide there.”
“What about food? We must have food and water.”
“The creature will run out of captives to eat. If we can last a few days, then maybe we can escape when he leaves for another hunting expedition.”
Sali stood. “Then I guess we return. We have few other choices.”
Turson strode off, retracing their steps back to the ruined city. He hoped he had made the right choice. 

The eastern sky was brightening when they approached the ruined city. The creature had not returned. Turson could see Veral, still sprawled on the ground where he died.
He turned to look back along their trail. His heart fell. He neglected to think about their footprints in the dust. He could see a double set of prints, one leading away, and one returning. The ploy failed. He looked at Sali. He could see her fright. He decided not to tell her of his concern. They were back now. There was no time to retrace their route. Gwaum would soon return. He would find them. He turned again. Where would they go? He scanned the area. The gurgling stream caught his eye.
He led Sali to the stream. They stepped into the water and followed the course of the water up into the city. It led them to its source, a rocky outcropping in the center of a plaza surrounded by many ruined buildings. He studied the dilemma. In front of them, an open door beckoned. It was too far to jump.
If they left the water, they would leave tracks in the dust and scatter their scent behind them. The creature, after he had followed their false trail, would return here and search. He would find them.
A light wind began to blow. Turson wet his finger and held it aloft. It was coming from the southwest. Hope rose within him. If the wind picked up, maybe the dust would drift. Maybe it would cover their tracks.
Turson did not intend to allow the creature to find them now. A rock wall surrounded the spring. This was apparently a gathering place when this city was a happier place. Two flagpoles stood, one at each end of the oval enclosure. Using the dagger, Turson hacked at the base of one of the poles. After much cutting, he was able to push the pole down. It crashed onto the top step in front of the door.
“We have a road,” he said.
“I can’t walk along that without falling,” said Sali.
“Yes you can. Come, I will lead.” He jumped up on the pole. It swayed under his weight.
Memories returned to Turson. As children, he and the other boys competed, crossing a mountain stream on logs that had fallen across the stream. Turson lifted his arms and walked, placing one foot in front of the other. Using his arms to steady his body, Turson crept across the pole. It began to creak under his weight. When he was close enough to leap, he jumped, and landed on the stone step. He turned. His eyes met Sali’s eyes.
“You can do it,” he said, his eyes conveying encouragement. Sali followed his lead. As she reached the halfway point, a great roar blasted out. Gwaum had returned. She hesitated. She started to lose her balance. She took two more unsteady steps and started to fall.
Turson leaned forward. She was just close enough. He grabbed her outstretched hands and pulled her across. Together they entered the building. Turson pulled the pole into the building and closed the door.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Discovered

The night was lifting. Gwaum was getting hungry. It was time to return and feed. He turned his feet back towards the bay. The wind started to pick up. Gwaum could smell rain in the air.
As he walked, the wind increased. The dust blew in red clouds. As he entered his prison, he saw his guard, lying dead, his body already covered by red dust.
He scanned the captives. Two were gone. He straightened up. Where could they have gone?
He turned. He could see slight depressions in the dust. Footprints. The drifting dust was already covering them. He bent and lowered his nose to the ground and sniffed. The scent was still fresh. He stood. Tracking them was not necessary. Their path lay along the road.
He returned to the captives, chose one, and fed. He looked at the remaining humans. They were weakening fast. No longer did they even react to his feeding. Four more remained. In a week he would have to go back to hunt. He had enough to last him six days, after he recaptured the two who escaped.
Anger brewed within him. These two would not get far. He would find them. With purposeful steps, he started down the road. The wind blew the red dust, and the tracks were now covered. On occasion, Gwaum bent down and sniffed. The scent was still fresh.
He continued. The rains began. Gwaum stopped. The rain would wash the scent away. He bent to sniff again. It was still there, but faint. He continued. He did not need the scent. He knew their path.
After a couple of more hours, the scent ran out. Gwaum stopped. The rain had finally ended, but it had done its work. Gwaum peered ahead. He saw nothing. If these humans continued on the road, he would soon be able to see them. They were slower than he was and weakened by their captivity. They could not be far.
The road began to climb as it ascended a bluff that overlooked the ruined river. From this point, Gwaum could see several miles ahead. With his keen eye, he scanned to country ahead. There was no one there. The captives could not be that far ahead of him. Perhaps they had left the road and were traveling overland. There were the remains of several lanes that had intersected this main road that he had passed. They could have taken any of these. He stopped. Why should he worry about two captives? Even if they escaped, what harm could they do to him?
His pride arose. They had escaped him, the mighty, powerful Gwaum. He remembered their scent. They would return to their homes. He thought of the other captives. He would return. He would feed again. These starving humans had little flesh left on their bones, and did not satisfy like fresh-caught prey.
He knew he needed a better plan. Captives reduced his need to go to that other place to hunt. He needed captives. As he turned to return to the ruined city, another plan formulated in his mind. There would be no escape for the next lot. 

Turson surveyed their new home. It was a large building, evidently a public building of some type in former days.
“Now that we are away from Gwaum, what do we do about food and water?”
Sali’s question brought the next concern to surface. He looked at the hallway that they had come in. Their footprints were visible. Gwaum, if he passed, would see them. The pole Turson had pulled into the hall.
“This was a building with people living in it. There was food stored here.”
“But it has been many years. Any food still here would be spoiled.”
Turson shrugged. “It has only been five years. Some of it may have survived.”
He wasn’t too concerned. They had eaten well yesterday. The other captives had given up hope, and Turson and Sareh ate most of the fish Gwaum provided. They had drunk well from the stream before crossing the pole.
“We are not in need of either yet. We must explore this building. Maybe we will find something.”
They walked to the end of the hall. A stairway led up. Together they ascended the stair. At each landing, a door led out to another hall. There were four levels. As they reached the upper level, Turson peered out the broken door. Gwaum had caved in the roof. Wooden roof beams lay scattered about. The thick red dust lay thick over all. It began to rain.
“If we had something to catch the water in, we would have some water,” Turson said.
“I saw some urns standing in the hall we entered in,” said Sali.
They returned to the hall to find several urns stacked upside down.
Turson picked one up and studied the inside.
“It looks pretty clean,” he said.
Sareh picked up another. “This one does too.”
They returned to the stair and climbed back to the top. They sat the urns in a clear spot in the rubble. The rain dribbled in.
“It won’t be much,” said Turson, “But it may last us until we can figure a way to get some from the stream outside.”
There was nothing to discover in this ruined upper chamber, so they descended.
After more exploration, they discovered a stair that led down. The interior was dark.
They descended into the darkness. At the bottom, a wooden door led to an interior chamber. A small street level window lit the room. As their eyes adjusted, they could see that the room was full of sealed urns.
Turson bent down and broke the wax seal of one of the urns. He pulled the wooden lid off and peered inside.
“I think we have found the food larder,” he said. He reached inside and pulled out a handful of roasted nuts.
He put one in his mouth and chewed it.
“They are still good,” he said. He handed Sali a fistful. She held her hands out and Turson dumped the nuts into her hands. She tasted one.
“Delicious,” she said. “This is a wonderful change from that smelly, raw fish.
They broke open a couple of more urns, finding dried fruits as well. One of the urns the fruit was moldy and full of worms. Other yielded dried fruits that were still edible.
“We have food,” said Turson.
“We can hide down here,” said Sareh. “Gwaum will not find us.”
That caused Turson to remember their tracks.
“I need to cover the tracks we made when we came in.”
“There were piles of dust upstairs, where we put the urns to catch water.”
“It will be wet by now,” said Turson.
“Maybe some isn’t.”
So they returned to the upper chamber. It had stopped raining. Turson bent to look into the urn. “Only a couple of inches of water,” he said. Then he looked at the dust.
“This is queer stuff,” he said as he scooped it up. “It seems to have not gotten wet. It is still dry.”
They got another urn and filled it with dust. They returned to the passage. Together they picked up the pole and carried it out of sight of the door, placing it in a dark passage off to the side of the main one. Turson returned to the door and sprinkled the dust, covering their footprints. He stepped into the back hall and studied his handiwork.
“It looks good,” said Sali. “He will not guess that we passed through.”
“Let’s hope not,” said Turson. “We will have left our scent. If he sniffs too close, he may catch it.”
“Then we have to hope that he doesn’t.”
The two ate their fill of the nuts and dried fruits. Then they found a spot that was dry and quiet. They lay down and slept a sleep that was dreamless and pleasant; their first good sleep in many weeks. 

Gwaum watched the last of the captives. They were dying, not even interested in the dead fish which lay on the river’s bank just a short distance away. He turned and studied the ruined buildings of the nearby city. All the resources he needed were there, in that city.
He walked to the city’s center. A fountain, which still burbled with fresh water, lay in the plaza. He glanced at the fountain. There was something different there. He strode to the fountain. There had been a flagpole here, in the center of the fountain. A pole that had flown the standard of the kingdom he destroyed. The pole was gone. He peered at the base of the pole. Someone had hacked it down, the fresh shavings still floating on a quiet recess in the pool. He bent and sniffed.
He stood up. It was that man and woman that escaped. He detected their scent. His eyes scanned the nearby buildings. He strode to the closest one. He pushed on the door and peered inside. The passage inside was empty, the floor covered with a thick layer of dust. He closed the door and went to the next building. The door had fallen away. Again, Gwaum peered inside. It was another empty passage.
He turned to look at the fountain. There was a puzzle here.
He returned to the first building and peered in the door. He was too big to get in there. He searched through the souls of the wizards imprisoned within him. He found a spell. He closed his eye and focused upon the spell.
His body shrank until it was small enough to enter the door. He went inside and strode through the passage. In the interior portion of the building, his dust layer had not penetrated. There were no prints to follow. He sniffed the floor. The scent was here. The two had entered this building.
He followed the scent to a stair that led down. As he placed his foot on a step, a loose stone broke loose and caromed down the steps, rattling as it went. Gwaum heard a gasp, and then muffled words. He had found them and had them cornered.
He rushed down the steps. He entered another hall. There was a doorway just ahead. Gwaum strode to it and entered.
There, in the murky light of the room, he could see the man and woman. They were looking at him, horror in their eyes. They were holding hands and backing away from him.
Gwaum smiled and advanced towards them. These two would rejoin their fellows soon. They continued retreating before him. A low stonewall was behind them. The man’s foot struck the wall. He fell, pulling the woman with him. Gwaum approached the circular wall and peered down. He watched as they struck the water at the bottom. Gwaum could not enter water, so he watched. He waited a long time. They did not resurface.
It was a pity that they died. They would have made a tasty meal.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Sanctuary

Turson awoke. The clattering of a falling rock echoed across the room. He looked towards the stair. He and Sali were the only two humans in the building. The falling stone could only mean one thing.
Gwaum was here.
He reached over to Sali and shook her. Her eyes opened. She saw Turson’s face and smiled. Then she saw the worry in his face. She sat up. She followed his eyes with her own, to the doorway to the outside hall.
Gwaum appeared in the door. The two jumped up and began backing away from the monster. Backwards and backwards they retreated. His heel caught on something. Turson looked back to see a large, gaping hole. He fell, pulling Sali with him.
Down and down they fell. They struck the cold water at the bottom. There was a current in the water which swept them along. Turson’s lungs were ready to burst. He did not let go of Sali.
A shaft of light appeared in front of him. He swam to it, dragging Sali with him. He swam up into the light. His face broke the water.
He found himself in a courtyard, surrounded on all sides by walls. Verandas in the walls overlooked the courtyard on all sides. A skylight high above let in the noonday sun. He pulled Sali from the water and laid her on the stone pavers. She was silent. He placed his hands on her chest and pushed. Water gushed from her mouth. Again and again he pushed.
He started to give up. His Sali was dead. At that moment, she gasped and coughed. Her eyes opened.
“Sali, you’re alive.” He held her hands and kissed her forehead.
Sali coughed again and sat up. Her eyes widened with horror.
“Gwaum,” she said, “Where is he?”
“We have escaped him. We fell into an open well. We surfaced here, wherever this it.”
He looked around. “This must be the palace, or a part of it that Gwaum did not destroy.”
Sali started to stand. Turson pushed her back down. “You must stay here and rest. You almost died. I will explore and see what is here.”
Turson entered a doorway which bordered the courtyard. Fallen stones blocked the hall here. He explored several other doorways, and found the same thing. The last door he entered was into a hall which was not blocked. Stones were lying all around, but the passage was open. He soon found an interior room. A divan stood against one wall, and a wooden table stood at the center. Other furniture was in the room which included some chairs, three oil lamps and a flint lighter.
He returned to Sali and helped her to her feet. “I have found a place for us to stay and rest.”
He led her into the room. A window above the divan opened to another courtyard beyond. Stones and piles of rubble littered its floor. He could see the hills that towered above the ruined city in the distance.
“You can rest here,” he said. “I will search for food. The fountain will provide us with water.”
“I want to go with you,” she said. “I am strong enough. Do not leave me alone.”
Together they left the room and continued down the hall. A door stood at the end. Turson opened it. A stair led down into blackness. Turson went back to their room, got a lamp and lit it with the flint. He returned to Sareh and they descended the stair. It led to a large room, which was full of sealed urns.
Turson opened one of the urns. Dried meat made up its contents. Turson picked out a piece, smelled it, and then bit into it. It was savory and good.
“We are in luck, again Sali. This is the food larder for the palace.”
She looked around. “There must be hundreds of urns.”
“There is enough food here to feed dozens of people for a long time.”
“It is if it is still good.”
“This was the larder for the king,” Turson said. “This would have been the best food.”
In another urn they found more nuts and in another dried fruits. They filled their stomachs and returned to the chamber.
Sareh lay down on the divan, her eyes found Turson. “Do you think we are safe here?”
Turson shrugged. “Gwaum saw us fall into the well. He will think we are dead so he will stop looking for us. In a few days, he will leave to go hunting again. If we can keep hidden until then, we should be safe.”
“But how do we get away”
“That is a question I cannot answer yet, Sali. Fortune may yet give us the means of escape.”
Their ordeal left them exhausted and drained. Their bellies were full. They lay back on the divan and Turson held Sareh close. Again they slept.
The courtyard outside grew dimmer as the sun sank in the west. 

The sun rose, splaying intense colors of gold and red across the sky. Gwaum returned to the river. Two of the captives had died in the night. He fed on one. It was no use getting the remaining one food. He would soon be dead. Gwaum fed on this one too. Now he was out of food.
He would have to return to that other part of Island World. Before he left he had preparations for the next batch of prey. He looked at the buildings near the water. He would have plenty of materials for his task.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




A Plan Emerges

The sound began as a low rumble. Turson opened his eyes. The sound stopped. He looked at Sali, still asleep beside him. After a pause of several minutes, the sound began again. Sali’s eyes opened.
“What is that?”
Turson shook his head. “I don’t know, but it sounds close.”
All day the sound continued at intervals. Sometimes it was close, others it was further away. It was a day of fear for Turson and Sali. They did not move from their hiding place, not even to search out the larder to eat.
At dusk, the sounds stopped. Hunger finally drove them from hiding. They crept to the larder and ate. Then they ventured into the courtyard. The rising moon’s light crept in through the skylight, lending a silver glow to the glittering water of the pool. They drank their fill of the sweet, cool water.
They went back into their room. Turson lit one of the lamps and damped the wick back so it emitted a faint glow. As he did, the room filled with the aroma of the scented oil. It had a soothing effect after their tedious day.
Sali’s eyes sought Turson’s eyes. “What do you think Gwaum was doing?”
Turson shrugged. “He will have to leave soon to go hunting. We can explore after he leaves.”
“When will we know he has gone?”
“There were only four people left when we escaped. Two were close to dying. Gwaum does not like to eat them after they are dead. It is certain that he has eaten the last of the people by now. In a day or two hunger would force him to leave.”
“Turson, we must leave this evil place.”
Turson’s face was deep in thought. “We cannot go back by the road. It will take many days and we might meet Gwaum, something we cannot chance.”
“Then how will we go?”
Turson shrugged. “We will think of something. We must explore this city after Gwaum leaves. He will hunt for several weeks, giving us time to find another way.”
The night advanced and again Turson and Sali slept. 

Two days of silence ensued. At the beginning of the third day, Turson said, “I think Gwaum is gone. I am going to investigate.”
“I will go with you,” said Sali.
“No, you must stay here where it is safe.”
“Turson, if the monster is gone, it is safe out there. If he is still there, and he captures you, then I want to be with you. If you die, then I must also. I will not stay here alone.”
Turson nodded assent, and the two explored the passageway outside their room. It did not take long to find a door that led outside. They turned their footsteps to the river, the scene of their captivity.
Turson stopped and gazed at the sight that met their eyes.
A circular stone wall stood by the riverbank. It was tall and massive, with a single gate. Turson walked to the gate. It opened, swinging out on creaking hinges. Inside, twelve small stone shelters clustered against the wall that faced the city.
Turson laid his hand on one of the massive stones. “Gwaum has built a prison for his captives.”
“Now, none can escape,” said Sali.
Turson entered one of the huts. The construction was such that the outside wall formed the back wall of the hut. Heavy wood beams formed the ceiling.
Turson inspected the huts.
“I have found something,” he said. He knelt. One of the stones was smaller than the rest. Turson pushed against the stone. It wiggled.
“I think we can remove this stone from the outside,” he said.
Turson said “I think we have seen enough here. Gwaum will return with more captives. He has found the food in the first building we entered. He will guess that there is more and will search it out.” He picked up a sharp stone and spent a few minutes carving a mark on the moving stone.
He ran his fingers across it. “Now I can find it in the dark.”
Together they returned to the palace and continued their explorations. At the end of the hall, they found a set of huge wooden doors. Turson loosened the latch and pulled the door open.
Inside was a cavernous room. A skylight, long broken, admitted the morning sun. A huge boat was lying across a wooden cradle; beneath it, waters sparkled in the sun. Another set of wooden doors blocked the opposite end. The waters lay under these doors.

“I think we have found the king’s boat,” said Turson. He walked to the doors over the water. He pushed on one of them. The door opened, revealing a short canal that led to the river beyond. He could see the opening of the bay and the ocean beyond.
“I think we have found our means of escape,” said Turson.
“This is a big boat, Turson. We cannot manage it ourselves.”
Turson walked all around the hull, inspecting it. “It has been out of the water. It looks in good shape. We could sail this boat.”
“What do you know about sailing a ship, Turson? You have never been on one.”
Turson looked at her. “Sali, we could free the next group of captives. Surely one of them will have experience on a ship.”
“That means we will have to wait for the return of the Gwaum. I don’t think we should do that, Turson.”
“We have a safe place to hide, Sali. Gwaum thinks we are dead. We can wait until he leaves on one of his journeys, free the captives and launch this boat. We can have it provisioned and ready. We can escape at night, while Gwaum is gone.”
“There will be guards, Turson. Gwaum will have more than one the next time. He will have learned not to have just one.”
“We have time to plan, Sali. We can save over thirty people on this boat. It will hold that many.”
Sali thought about what Turson said. She saw the determination in his eyes.
“We cannot go back by the road. That is much too risky,” she said.
“We do not know this land. If we try another path, we may get lost. There is no food, only dust and dead forests. Whatever houses we find may have no usable food in them. We would die of starvation, not to say of thirst. It's possible that all the streams consist of the same undrinkable muck we saw in the river along the way down.”
Sali nodded. “What you say is true. We may only have this one chance at escape.”
“We must use the time we have preparing. We can provision the boat with food from the larder and water from the pool. We can gather weapons and other things we will need. And lay plans on how we will deal with the guards.”
Sali smiled. “I think we may just pull this off, Turson.”
Then the two went to work.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Sali Captured

The last of the new prisoners shuffled into the compound. Gwaum watched in satisfaction as the gates closed and his guards cut the bonds that bound them. There were over thirty prisoners. These would not escape. With proper food and shelter, they would not weaken the way the last bunch did.
He had taken the time to open wells along the way, keeping the prisoners supplied with water on this trip. He had made them scavenge for food and carry it along before entering the red lands. These prisoners had fared better than the first group.
The extra guards and stone walls would prevent escape. This would provide at least a month’s respite from hunting. When these were gone, the guards could help him gather even more prisoners the next time. He envisioned a large colony of prisoners, allowing him longer freedom from the hunt. He could breed them like cattle, producing food for him and freeing him from hunting altogether. This would give him freedom to spend more time searching for another wizard.
Gwaum studied his guards. Using fear and magic, he coerced them to work for him. Their promised rewards of better food and the pick of women were sufficient. Gwaum marveled that people would betray their kind for such paltry rewards.
He looked at the captain of his guards, a man named Deson Krass, and motioned that he should approach.
Deson stood before him, his head bowed.
“There is food in that building,” Gwaum pointed to the building that had housed Turson and Sali. “Pick some prisoners and go in and carry the urns here.”
“Yes, master,” said Deson.
He went to his guards and relayed Gwaum’s instructions. They chose prisoners for the task and after an hours work; the urns filled with food lined the wall near the guard towers.
Deson again stood before Gwaum and said, “We have done as you said, Master.”
Gwaum nodded. “Now have them gather wood from the rubble of the buildings and stack it in the prison.”
The prisoners again followed Gwaum's command.
Gwaum faced the river and shot a fireball at the river. Dead fish floated to the surface.
“Gather the fish,” said Gwaum. “The prisoners may start a fire to cook the fish.”
Gwaum grunted with satisfaction. These prisoners would eat better, preserving their body fat for him. The last ones had never liked the raw fish he forced them to eat. They had become thin and unwholesome. The smell of cooking fish soon filled the air. Gwaum walked away in disgust.
Gwaum turned to look at the ruined city. There would be still more food there, preserved in the urns. His eyes wandered to the palace, which he had never thought much about before. There would be much food stored there. It had served as the repository for the army and the sailors when they were in port. Tomorrow, he would have the guards search that as well. He would gather all the food he could find and store it in the guard’s quarters, which would be in a building not far from the prison.
Again, he addressed Deson.
“I will be leaving for three days. You must establish shifts of two guards stationed on the towers. The others may sleep or amuse yourselves as you see fit. You may choose some female prisoners as you like for your entertainment. Tomorrow I want you to search the palace over there,” here Gwaum indicated the ruined palace near the river, “for more food. Have the prisoners bring all that you find there.”
“Yes, master.”
“Good,” said Gwaum. “When I return, I expect to find all in order.”
He walked to the compound, opened the gates and entered. The prisoners fled from him, crawling into the stone huts by the wall. He reached into one of the huts, found a victim and fed.
He then strode out and off into the hills. He could now enjoy his beautiful land, and return in a day or two to feed again. 

Turson and Sali watched from their perch high in a nearby building. They had not been idle in the weeks of Gwaum’s absence. They had managed to lower the boat into the water and provision it with food from the king’s larder.
There had been two minor leaks, which Turson managed to fix. The ship was seaworthy.
“Tonight we must contact the prisoners,” said Turson as he watched Gwaum stalk away.
“Do you think he will be gone long?”
Turson shrugged. “He has been away many weeks. He has restocked his food supply and to him all seems secure. He has fed well before he left. My guess is he will be gone a couple of days. In that amount of time, we will have gotten the prisoners away.”
“If all goes well,” said Sali. 

The stars twinkled down from a moonless sky. It was a perfect night for their task. Turson and Sali crept to the wall, keeping to the shadows to avoid detection of the guards in the towers. They reached the point Turson had marked. He felt along the stones until he found the one he sought. He pushed it in. the stone fell. A muffled grunt came from within.
“Psst, is anyone there,” Turson whispered through the hole.
A face peered at him from the hole.
“Who are you?”
“Friends,” said Turson. “We come to free you.”
A cheer resounded through the hole.’
“Quiet,” commanded Turson. “You will alert the guard.”
Silence ensued. The stone found its way back into the hole. Turson and Sali exchanged glances. They waited. In a few moments, the stone jiggled. Turson again pushed it in.
“It was the guard,” the voice said. “He heard my cry and came to investigate.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I told him I was having a dream.”
“He is gone?”
“We watched him go back to his tower. My cellmate is watching now. We are safe.”
“Good,” said Turson. “Are there any sailors among you?”
“Gwaum captured us from Cleery. My cellmate was a captain in the king’s fleet before the kingdom fell.”
“Good. We have a boat provisioned and ready to sail. We want to leave tomorrow night. Can you have the other prisoners ready?”
“We can have them ready.”
“That is good,” said Turson. “Gwaum will not return for a couple of days. We will be here tomorrow night at this same time.”
“What about the guards?”
Turson stood, stepped back and looked at the guards, their bodies outlined against the starry sky. “We will take care of the guards.”
Another voice came through the hole. “I am Garish Dree. I am the seaman. I want to see the boat.”
Turson moved to the hole. “We can show it to you. It is not far.”
The man emerged from the hole. He looked around. “I thought I would never live beyond those walls.”
The group crept up the slope and across the courtyard. Turson and Sali led Garish to the palace, and then inside. They went down the hall and through the double doors. The room was dark. Turson lit a lamp, which illuminated the boat.
Garish climbed into it and descended below the deck. After a few moments, he emerged. His eyes shone in the lamplight. “It is a fine boat.”
He turned to look at Turson. “How did you two happen to come here?”
Turson said, “We were in the last group of captives. We escaped Gwaum and have hidden here ever since. We found water and food. We mean to escape with your fellow captives.”
“It is good for us that you escaped. What happened to your group?”
“Gwaum ate them all, as he will eat you if we do not get away.” 

“We should return,” Garish said. “One of the guards inspects the huts periodically. They cannot find us missing.”
They returned to the wall and Garish wriggled through.
“We will return tomorrow night, at this same time. Have the people ready. When we give the signal, you will all come to this hole and escape through it.”
“What is the signal?”
“You will know it when you see it.” 

Sweat was dripping off Turson’s brow as he heaved the last urn into place. He glanced at an equally sweating Sali as she sprinkled packing sand around the urn, cushioning the urn from its fellows.
“That should be enough fresh water,” said Turson. 
They returned to deck. There was a stack of weapons in the center of the deck. The sails mended sails hung furled from the masts. The boat was ready to sail.
“I think we should rest until tonight,” said Sali. “I am tired.”
Turson nodded assent. Together they returned to the room near the larder that they had used to stay in.
The two slept.

Turson awoke. Outside, he could see that the sun was already casting long shafts of light. It had passed zenith and was not readying itself for its daily rest. Turson stood. He glanced at Sali. She was sleeping; her eyes closed and face peaceful in dreams. He decided to go out for one last walk in the red desert outside. By tomorrow, they would be safe on the sea, far from this dreadful place.
He strode from the room and went down the hall to the door that led to the outside. Red dust swirled around his feet as he walked. He ascended the slope and stood on top of the hill, after concealing himself in a group of boulder. He studied the ruined city. He could see the compound in which housed the prisoners. He watched as the guards stood watch over their charges. The blue waters of the bay beyond glistened in the late afternoon sun.
He turned to look towards the west. The sun was now low on the horizon, and it glinted off the red landscape. He never got used to the stink of the dust, but he had learned to endure it. He longed for the sweet smell of the mountains and the forest's fragrance. He closed his eyes. In a few days, they would be back in their land. He wondered where they would go. They could not return to their home. It was too close to the monster’s road. No one would ever be able to dwell there again.
A scream tore the pleasant thoughts from his mind. Sali.
He emerged from his hiding place to race down the hill. He entered the palace and stopped short. Two of the guards were standing, backs to him, outside their quarters. A moment later, the other two emerged, pulling Sali with them.
Turson hid behind a pile of rubble. He watched, helpless, as the guards surrounded his wife.
“Look what we found,” one chortled as he grasped Sali’s chin with his hand.
“Fresh meat for Gwaum,” said another.
“For us first,” said another as his eyes swept her body. “This is a sweet one.”
“I wonder what she is doing here.”
“Hiding, that is plain to see.”
The man released her chin, and ran his finger along her cheek, working it down her neck as he asked, “What is she hiding, I wonder.”
Another man slapped his hand away. “Save that for later. We will decide who gets her first after we get her back. Tie her up and search for food. There has to be some here, or this piece wouldn’t be hiding here.”
The guards soon found the larder.
“This is what Gwaum sent us for. This whole room contains food urns.”
The others gathered around and went in. Turson judged the distance between him and Sali. If they stayed in the room just a few minutes, he could free her.
He crept from his hiding place. Sali saw him. Fear tinged her eyes. Her eye averted to the open door. She glanced at Turson, who was creeping closer. She shook her head.
Turson recoiled back to his hiding place. The guards emerged.
“Tomorrow morning, after the feeding of the captives, we will bring some here to get this. It will take all day to move all that.”
One of them approached Sali. “Then we take this wench back. We can get a couple more from the prison after the evening feeding. We will have a fun time tonight.”
Turson watched, as Sali was drug down the hall and into the plaza outside.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Table of Contents




Escape

Turson fought against his impulse to rescue Sali. A rash act like that would only result in his capture or death. Then Sali and the other prisoners would be without hope.
He waited until dark and gathered his weapons. He slung Sali’s crossbow across his shoulder. He belted two swords on his midriff, one on each side of his waist and picked up his own crossbow.
Sali and he had spent many hours practicing with the crossbows. Both became proficient in their use. Now was the time to test that skill.
Gripping his crossbow, he went out into the night. He crept across the plaza, down the slope, crawled to the wall and felt for the stone. He pushed the stone in. A moment later Garish’s head emerged.
“They have your woman,” he said.
Turson nodded. “Can you handle a crossbow?”
“I was a sharpshooter when I first served the king.”
“Tell the others to keep in their places. We need to take care of the guards.”
Garish disappeared, then a moment later, his legs emerged and he dropped to the ground.
Turson handed Garish the crossbow. They turned to the guard tower. He could see the guards bodies outlined against the starlit sky.
“It will be a difficult shot,” said Garish. “Can you make it?”
Turson nodded. “I did a lot of hunting when younger Sali and I spent many hours practicing while we waited.”
The men sighted their weapons. Garish gave a slight nod. The two arrows flew as one. The targets on the towers fell noiselessly to the dust-covered ground.
Garish stuck his head in and called, “Come now.”
Turson watched the prisoners emerge. “Where is Sali?”
Garish pointed to the building that housed the guards. “They took her and three others to that place. We must rescue our women.”
Turson glanced at Garish. “Get the rest of the people to the boat.”
He looked at the others, who stood watching him.
“Are there any here good with the crossbow?”
Two men raised their hands. Turson indicated one. “What is your name?”
“Nuxton Paarth.” I was in the king’s army before the kingdom fell.”
Turson handed Nuxton one of the crossbows and waited as the man secured the sword. “All right, Nuxton let's go.”
As Garish led the other captives to freedom, Turson and Nuxton crept to the guard’s building. They looked inside. The four women lay bound on the stone floor. The men were eating and drinking wine from crystal glasses, casting occasional lusty glances at them.
They dropped down on their haunches. “There are four,” said Turson. “We must take them by surprise.”
Nuxton nodded. “The door behind them is wide enough for our purposes.”
Turson agreed. They entered the building and crept down the hall. They turned a corner. Turson ran to the other side of the door. At his signal, the two men stepped into the door. The men facing them glanced at them, surprise in their eyes. Before they could cry in alarm, arrows protruding from their chest cut them down.
The other two jumped to their feet. Dismay clouded their faces. Their swords leaned against the wall, too far for them to get. Quick as cats, Turson and Nuxton reloaded the bows and shot. One of the guards fell, an arrow protruding from his neck. The other had turned and the arrow glanced off his back. Blood streamed from the cut. He hustled for his sword, but before he could reach it, another arrow found him. He turned, the arrow sticking from his arm.
Turson fired, and the man fell, blood spurting from the hole in his chest made by the arrow.
Turson drew his dagger and ran to Sali. He cut her bonds, and then joined Nuxton as he freed the other three.
“Oh, Turson, I was afraid I would never see you again. I thought maybe they had captured you, too.”
The two joined in an embrace that threatened to break both their ribs.
They broke the embrace and Sali asked, “Where were you? When I awoke, you were not there. Then those men came, and, oh I thought you were dead.”
“I awoke. You were still asleep, so I took a walk.”
Sali smiled. “It is good that you did. If you had stayed with me, they would have gotten both of us and all would have been lost.”
“We should get to the ship,” said Nuxton. “The others are already there and waiting. We do not want to stay in this evil place any longer.”
Six figures scurried through the darkness. They made their way into the palace and then to the boat room. The lit oil lamp filled the rooms with both light and fragrance.
Garish turned as Turson led the group into the room. “It looks like you have succeeded,” he said, a smile flitting across his face.
Turson smiled back. “Yes, we have gotten our own back, unharmed.”
“The oarsmen are in place and all the people are on board,” Garish said.
“Then we are ready to go,” said Turson.
“Not quite. These men know nothing of the oar. We will have to spend some time turning them into a team before we strike the open ocean.”
Turson stepped on board of the boat. He turned to take Sali’s hand as she boarded. He glanced back at Garish. “We do not have much time. How long will it take?”
“It will not take long, a couple of hours at most.”
“Daylight must find us on our way. I am sure that Gwaum will return and he will be angry.”
Turson opened the sea doors, and at a command from Garish, the oarsmen dipped their oars. The boat moved. It promptly crashed into the stone wall opposite the dock.
Garish smiled. “See what I mean?”
After a few tries, the boat finally moved into the open water of the river.
The eastern horizon was beginning to glow with the awakening of the sun. Sweat gleamed on the oarsmen’s brows, and Garish was beginning to show his impatience.
“We are running out of time. This time, follow my count. Row, rest, Row, rest,” his instructions, bleated out for the hundredth time, finally began to show progress. The boat began to near the harbor’s mouth. It was finally proceeding straight and true.
The sun’s orange tongue began to peek above the horizon. The water sparkled with its radiance.
Turson cast a worried glance back at the city. His eyes widened in horror.
“He is back,” he said.

Gwaum stood once again at the White rock. It continued to defy his power. He turned to look at the eastern sky. Hunger was beginning to beckon him. He would have to return to feed. He strode down the mountain and back towards the ruined city, covering ground more quickly than any horse could.
By the time the sun started licking at the sky, Gwaum was back. He looked at his stone prison, and his stomach growled. The morning would begin, and end, badly for one of the prisoners. As he neared the prison, his eye caught a dark figure lying in the red dust. What was this? He saw another, close by, lying still, an arrow protruding from his back.
He pushed the door to the prison open and strode inside. He looked in one of the stone huts. Empty. He moved to the next. It was empty. He turned to look at the bay. A boat was plying its waters, moving steadily towards the exit to the sea.
He remembered another boat that dared invade his domain not too many months ago. He remembered what he did. His single red eye blazed. He opened his mouth and roared.
Dust and wind swirled from his mouth. The crescendo of sound and dust blew outwards, to the boat as it exited the harbor.
Gwaum watched as the boat foundered in the storm. Then it disappeared from sight as it rounded the south promontory.
Again and again, Gwaum trumpeted his anger. Red dust swirled in vast clouds and fell on the now lifeless land. His eye turned to the city. Those who escaped must somehow have survived in that place. They ad hidden from him there and had plotted to free the captives. His captives. His food.
Now that would end. He strode to the plaza and bellowed. One building fell, submitting to the creature’s wrath. Another fell. Then another. By the time the sun reached its zenith, the remnants of the city had succumbed to his wrath. It was all a dusty pile of rubble. Not a building remained.
All of this effort only increased his hunger. He had not fed in two days. He had to have food. He strode to one of the dead guards. He detested food that was already dead. This one had lain in the sun for hours.
He picked up the body and plucked out the arrow. He leaned his head back, held the body over his maw. He dropped the body in.
Then his eye went back to the road. He would soon again feed on living flesh. Fresh, human flesh. He looked again at his prison. He would gather more guards. He would herd more prisoners. This time, there would be no escapes. 

Turson watched, his horrified eyes drinking in the scene. He watched as Gwaum approached the prison.
He turned to see the twin promontories growing larger; the gap between them was looming closer. Again, he turned his face to Gwaum, who was peering in one of the stone cottages. He moved to another. Then the creature looked in their direction. Even at the vast distance that separated them, Turson could see the anger.
It was then that he felt it. The creature opened its mouth and bellowed. The sound hit them first. He held his hands over his ears. He saw Sali’s eyes close, her hands went to her ears and she fell to the deck. The oarsmen dropped their oars to protect their ears. Several of the oars slipped their locks and fell into the sea.
The boat turned towards the rocks. The shock wave of the red storm struck them, driving them from the harbor. All became a confusing blur of red dust and debris.
He could hear the desperate command of Captain Garish “Pick up your oars, continue rowing.”
Several of the oarsmen did as commanded. The ship began to veer from the rocks. It left the harbor and entered the sea.
Turson turned to Sali and helped her to her feet. The disgusting red dust coated her skin. Turson, using his fingers, brushed it from her lips. He pulled her towards him, and their kiss was long in the morning sun.
After what seemed long, blissful hours, they parted. She pulled him closer. He felt her whisper in his ears. “We made it, Turson. We are free.”
He responded by pulling her closer. Her body felt good after the long weeks of keeping their passions at bay. Turson glanced around at the crowded deck. They would have to keep them bottled a bit longer.
His eye sought out Garish. “We did it,” he said. “We got away.”
Garish smiled. “Now we just have to get this boat to Cleery. None of these men are sailors and.”
Turson slapped the man on the back. “You will have made them into sailors in a short time, I am sure.” 

Perhaps it was in recompense for their horrible experiences, or just chance. The weather remained clear for their voyage to Cleery. With a crew of experienced sailors, the distance would not have been far. Garish did not have experienced sailors. He had saddle makers, farmers and hunters. He was the only man with experience with a ship. Their voyage, instead of across open water straight for the harbor of Cleery, hugged the coast. A two-day voyage was instead a five-day one, instead.
This did not bother Turson or Sali. They felt the wind in their face and smelt the sea's fragrance. The gulls cried as they hung from the skies on their white wings. They watched a lonely island appear. Turson thought he detected a thin wisp of smoke coming from the center of the island. Through an opening that probably masked a small harbor, he thought he saw the masts of a ship. It was an unpopulated island, as far as he knew. The smoke was probably a mirage. The ship continued and the island disappeared from their sight.
Soon after they entered, the port of Cleery and another ruined city met their eyes. Here, in this land, there was life. There were trees, grass and flowers. It was not like that other land, the land of dust, desolation and death.
As they docked the ship, Turson held Sali’s hand as they disembarked. There were no people lining this dock, like in days past. Here the people still hid in fear from the creature Gwaum.
They were free. They had gotten away.
As Turson’s eyes drank in the green, wonderful world, his mind returned to Gwaum. They had escaped death. He had seen it staring him in the eyes many times. The creature still remained. He was angry. He would be back.
Who, Turson wondered, would save Island World from his wrath.
Back to Rise of Gwaum Table of Content
Back to Table of Contents




A. E. Mableson
Tale of the White Rock
Book 3 -Promise of the White Rock

Mountain of the White Rock
Darkness Falls
A Temporary Victory
A Plan Emerges From Disaster
Disaster on the Wings of a Storm
The White Rock
Safe Sanctuary
A Narrow Escape
A Journey Proposed
An Inhospitable Land
Kidnapped by Raider
Stormy End
Discovered




Mountain of the White Rock

It was the last happy time that Prince Bearl would know for many years. But of course the boy did not know that. Neither did his companions, his sister Marial and brother Geron, as they huddled in the quiet darkness. A campfire blazed, serving as the axis of an unfolding story, told by the fourth occupant, the old mariner, Sarn Dorsh..
Sparks crackled and darted upward from the fire. Bearl drew back, feeling the sharp sting of the tiny embers as they burned into his arms. He watched as the new faggots he added caught the fire from the coals. In a few moments, they added their energy to what had been a dying fire. He drew back as the smoke burned his eyes and nostrils.
He glanced across the fire, which now illuminated the faces of his younger brother Geron and sister Marial. The other occupant of the fireside, the old mariner Sarn Dorsh, put his feet closer to the fire. It was a cool evening in the early spring and Bearl knew that the old man appreciated the warmth the fire radiated.
Bearl smiled a contented smile. All the ingredients were here. He looked at Sarn in anticipation. “Will you tell us a story?”
The old man looked at the boy and smiled. He withdrew his old clay pipe from his pocket. From another pocket, he took a worn leather pouch. He untied the drawstring and drew a generous pinch of the fragrant weed from the pouch. He stuffed it into the pipe. From the ground, he picked up a stick, and held it in the fire. The tip of the branch lit and Sarn used the glowing flame to light his pipe. He took a couple of puffs, blowing the pungent smoke into the night.
His eyes blazed in the fire as he retrieved a memory. He glanced at Bearl. “Have I ever told you of our last voyage?”
Bearl shook his head. “No, Sarn, you have never told us of that one.”
Sarn looked thoughtful. His stomach pains worsened with time. He knew that his time in this place was drawing to a close. It was time to tell that story. Perhaps the boy would be able to do what he had never been able to do, to go back to that place.
He drew the blanket closer about his neck. The cool air seemed always to find a way to penetrate his skin. His eyes focused in space as he drew the memory from its recesses in his mind.
Sarn settled back in his chair and began, "The Lion Kingdom was still at its height. Your Grandfather, King Naros, was still king. Two of the three Discovery Voyages previous bore much good fruit. Because of the Eastern Discovery Voyage, the Lion Kingdom encountered the Persican Empire. This great kingdom lay far to the east. They established trade colonies there which brought great profit to both kingdoms."
"We have not had contact with the Persicans for many years," said Bearl.
Sarn nodded as he reloaded his pipe. "The Barbarian Wars have wrought many changes, none of them good."
After drawing on his pipe, Sarn continued his tale. 
"The Southern Discovery Voyage, revealed the exotic Koaic Kingdoms of the Hot Lands. These kingdoms yielded rich spices and herbs and the valued silk so revered by the women of the Lion Kingdom."
At this, Marial sighed. "I remember my mother's silk dresses. She still has them, but they are getting old and worn."
"I miss the hot peppercorns which we added to our soup," said Sarn. "But, alas, those luxuries are gone."
Geron laid another faggot on the fire, watched the sparks shoot up into the darkness. He looked at Sarn and asked, "The third voyage was a failure, wasn't it?"
Sarn nodded. "Yes, the Northern Voyage yielded little in the way of trade. We visited the Land Where the Sun Never Sets and found little there. Men live there, but there are no riches to be had but for the ivory tusks of some of the animals which live there. We found little else, save ice and snow. We did establish a small colony on the mainland to trade for furs with the natives that live there. This was the first trading post we abandoned after the First Barbarian War."
"What of the fourth voyage? We have heard almost nothing about it," said Bearl, impatience tingeing his voice.
"Ah, yes. That is where I started, wasn't it?" Sarn smiled and blew a smoke ring that rose, drifted away from the fire and disappeared into the night. "Sorry, lad. Forgive an old man for wandering through his life as he talks."
He sipped at the glass of wine at his side and continued, "The fourth voyage was to follow the path of the legendary Wizard Voyage."
"We have not heard of the Wizard Voyage," said Marial. "What was that?"
"I have heard of it," said Bearl. "Father told me it happened a long time ago. Mobs drove the wizards from the Lion Kingdom."
Sarn shook his head. "They were not exactly driven, Prince. The wizards of the Lion Kingdom grew quite strong and their power made the people afraid. The people captured many of the lesser wizards and burned them at the stake. They tortured others in hideous way."
Geron cast quizzical eyes at Sarn. If these wizards had magical powers, why did they allow that to happen?
"The lesser wizards had powers, but they were not invulnerable. It was the greater wizards the people feared the most. They killed many of them."
Marial asked, "How could they kill them?"
"No one could capture one of these wizards. Their powers were too great. However, men could shoot them with arrows from far distances. Many of them died this way."
Geron stirred the fire and added another piece of wood, glanced at Sarn and asked, "What happened to them?"
"The wizards grew afraid of the gathering anger and fear of the people. They gathered, built a ship and sailed away. The legend says that they sailed to a land far to the northwest. At any rate, there has been no word of any of the wizards since that time."
Marial smoothed her dress, crossed her ankles, leaned closer to the fire, and asked, "What do you think happened to them?"
Sarn smiled and said, "I do not know. I am not even sure that such folk ever existed. There are many old tales and legends from those earlier times. Though I guess there is some truth to some of them."
Again Bearl spoke, "What of this fourth voyage. Father has never spoken of it."
"Sorry, young Prince. Again, I have drifted from my tale. Your father does not speak of this voyage or any of the voyages because the memory of what the kingdom once was is too painful for him. When your grandfather was King, The Lion Kingdom was dominant here in this part of the world. It was before the treachery of Damon that led to our losses of the Northern Provinces.
Sarn glanced at the impatient Prince. "But that is part of another story."
Again, Sarn paused to knock out his pipe. He put it in his pocket and sipped at his wine. His eyes focused on the fire as he again began his tale. "Part of the purpose of the fourth voyage was to find if there was any truth to the legend. We were to see if we could find the wizards."
"Did you find them?" Bearl's eyes glinted in the firelight.
"No, we did not. We sailed on Spring's Eve, the traditional date for the beginning of a voyage. We were to sail northwest for five months, into the setting sun. The ship had provisions for a year, but we hoped that we would find this land that the wizards sailed to and take on fresh food and water there. The weather and winds were with us and we sped along over the Western Sea almost as though pulled along by the whales."
He paused a moment to pull his blanket closer. The wine dulled the pain in his midsection and warmed him, driving off the evening's chill. “It was the fourth month of the voyage. We were far from our homes and were getting a bit homesick. The captain pressed on. Late one day as the sun was setting in the west a wondrous sight appeared. The lookout was the first to see it."
"What did he see," Marial eyes were glistening with anticipation.
"At first all we could see was something bright, almost like a star, reflecting the rays of the setting sun. The captain set a course for that glittering point of light, but the sun set and darkness fell before we got close enough to see what it was."
Geron asked, "Did you ever find out what you saw?"
Sarn's eyes glittered in the fire light. "Yes we did. The winds abated a bit and our progress slowed during the night. But when dawn came we could see it for what it was."
"What was it, Sarn?"
Sarn glanced at Bearl, who was sitting, hands on his hips and leaning forward.
"The morning sun was just peeking over the eastern horizon. The land before us was still in darkness. A mountain range was visible, its dark outline massed over us. The rising sun touched the tallest mountaintop. At the crest of this mountain was a snow-white rock. That was the beacon which drew us in."
"The Mountain of the White Rock," said Bearl.
"The captain called it Mount Qui, in honor of his wife."
"That is a pretty name," said Marial. "If I should ever see that mountain I would be happy."
"Perhaps you will, one day," said Sarn.
"Not as long as we have to fight the barbarians," said Bearl. "These wars are draining our resources. We have little treasure or men to spare for more Discovery Voyages."
"You are right, Prince Bearl. The wars have drained us. The barbarians press us harder every year."
Bearl glanced again at Sarn. "What did you do next?"
Sarn again withdrew his pipe from his pocket. He reloaded it and again lit it with a glowing ember from the fire. After a couple of puffs, Sarn continued his tale. 
"The captain was most interested in finding a harbor which we could sail into to see if we could find fresh water and meat. We sailed east, along the coast, exploring."
Bearl’s eyes shone with anticipation. “What sort of land was it?”
"The mountains gave way to rocky cliffs which guarded what looked like a rich land within. We could see forests and plains in the distance. It looked like a wonderful land just beyond our reach. We could not find a suitable anchorage, so we continued sailing along. Towards evening of that day, we finally turned towards the north. The winds drove us further out to sea, where we lay just watching. We could see an opening in the rocky shore that we thought was a harbor. We could make out what looked like garrisons in the rocks, guarding this harbor."
"Were they?" Bearl's questioning eyes leaned closer to Sarn.
His pipe had gone out. Sarn took it from his mouth and knocked the ashes from the bowl on his boot. He repeated the earlier ceremony and blew a ring of smoke out towards the now dimming fire.
“We never got in close enough to see, lad. The sun set and the captain elected to wait until morning before we explored closer. We got close enough before dark struck to see a vast, green land that filled the western horizon. It was a land of mountains and forests.”
“How come you didn’t land there?” Bearl pressed again with another question.
Sarn withdrew the pipe from his mouth. With his free hand, he rubbed the stubble on his chin. His voice dropped low. “A storm came up in the night and drove us before it. For three days the winds blew, driving us far from that land. When the winds and rain abated, we could not see the land anymore. The white mountain was gone.”
“Why didn’t you sail back?”
The mariner smiled. “We had been out almost five months at this point. Since we had not been able to land and re-provision we had just enough food and water for the return trip. The captain elected to return home.”
“What kind of land do you think it was?”
A smile played across Sarn’s face. “It was a paradise, young Bearl. We saw great forests and mountains. Great mists arose from those mountains. I have always yearned to return there.”
“Why didn’t you?” Marial’s question floated across the fire, her young eyes glittering in the fire’s light.
“As soon as we returned the first of the Barbarian Wars broke out. In the meantime your Grandfather had died. The new king, your father, could not afford to fund any more of the Discovery Voyages. It took all the resources of the kingdom to fend off the barbarians.”
“So that land is still out there, waiting for discovery again?”
The old man smiled. “Yes, but, that has been many, many years ago, Bearl. I was yet young, but had sailed on many voyages. I did not dream that one would be my last.”
Bearl glanced at his brother Geron. “Someday, brother, we will go there.”
Geron stood up. “Maybe, Bearl. However, the Barbarian Wars have sapped our kingdom’s strength. And Father says there is more rumor of war. Derthon desires our land and is now gathering his strength for another blow.”
At that moment the Queen appeared. “It is time for bed, children. You must arise early tomorrow. The King’s will review the troops tomorrow and requires all three of you to ride with him on the chariot.”
The magic spell broken, Bearl and the others trudged off to bed. He dreamed that night a wonderful vision of the white rock, glistening off a mountain high above a glistening blue ocean.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Darkness Falls

A picnic lunch occupied the grass on the lawn behind the palace. Bearl, Marial and Geron sprawled on the fragrant grass enjoying the food. Glasses of cider, clear and cool, stood in the afternoon sun. Roast fowl flanked steamed vegetables nearby. Bearl sipped at his cider and raised the glass a bit too high.
Marial laughed as drops of cider dripped from Bearl's chin. "Clumsy oaf," she said, her voice shaking with laughter.
He dabbed at his chin with a napkin and shot a warning look at his sister, "That glass has a hole in it. It leaks all over the place."
Geron snorted and said, "It isn't the glass, brother, you just can't handle it. It is too complicated for you."
The mirth on their faces dissolved into alarm as the ground began to shake. Glasses fell over spilling their contents; dishes vibrated their food right from them. Bearl, alarm in his eyes, watched as his sister and brother dissolved into nothingness.
"Bearl, wake up."
The words jarred him awake. He looked into the eyes of his mother, Queen Shar, who was shaking his bed to wake him. A sleepy fog clouded his mind. The fog broke up at her words.
"Bearl, you must come at once. Sarn is calling for you."
"Sarn. What is wrong with Sarn?"
"He is dying, Bearl. He has asked for you."
As he threw the covers off, Bearl stood. "Sarn? Dying? How?"
As Bearl dressed, the queen said, "He has been sick many months, Bearl. He didn't want me to tell you. But now he is dying and he wants to see you."
Bearl finished dressing and followed his mother through the royal quarters. Sarn's apartment in the royal quarters, as the old man was a trusted servant. Bearl entered to find Sarn lying in his bed, his face gray and his eyes closed. His breathing was so shallow the Bearl was at first sure that he was already dead. He slipped up beside the old man, whose eyes flickered and opened.
"Bearl," he said. "It is good that you have come."
Bearl's eyes, brimming with tears, focused on his old servant and friend. "Sarn, why didn't you tell me you were sick?"
"I did not want our last days together marred by sadness, young master."
"If you die, I will have many days of sadness, Sarn."
The old man smiled. "Do not be sad, young master. Be glad that my troubles are over and my pain ends."
Bearl, his young eyes brimmed with tears, reached for and clutched the old man's hand. "You can't die, Sarn. I need you. Who will arrange my clothing and shine my shoes?"
"You will find another servant, young master."
Anguish welled up in Bearl's voice. "I do not want another servant, Sarn. I want you. You are my friend."
Sarn touched his lips with his index finger and said, "Quiet, young master. I do not have much time, as Death draws near. I can see him behind you, beckoning to me."
Bearl turned and saw nothing. "He is not here, Sarn. We are alone."
Sarn smiled. "Only those he has come for may see him, young master. He has not come for you, only me."
Sarn coughed, and then continued in a weaker voice. "For many days now I have walked close to the land of the dead."
His eyes fastened on Bearl. "The dead know many things, young master. I have sensed them and they have told me of deeds in the future."
"Whose future, Sarn?"
"Yours, young master."
Sarn closed his eyes for a moment. Bearl was afraid that his friend had gone. However, the eyes flickered again and the lips began to move.
"Do you remember that story I told you, Bearl? The story of the land of the White Rock?"
"Of course I remember, Sarn. I remember all your stories."
"That story is the most important, young master. You must never forget that story."
"I will never forget that story, Sarn. I will never forget you."
The eyes closed again. This time they stayed closed for many minutes. A struggle appeared to be going on behind those eyes. At length they opened again.
"I have stayed Death's hand for the last time, young prince. The next time he reaches for my soul he will take it."
Sarn's eyes fastened on Bearl's eyes. "There is a time of trouble coming young master. A time of terrible trouble. You must remember the land of the White Rock."
"Why, Sarn? Why should I remember the land of the White Rock?"
Fear entered Sarn's eyes as he looked into Bearl's face. "He is touching me again, young master. It is time for me to leave you."
Sarn's chest rose one last time. He closed his eyes and exhaled. "The White Rock, young master. You must remember the land of the White Rock."
The words tailed away into one last raspy cough. The chest stilled and the eyes closed for the last time.
Bearl threw himself across the now quiet chest. "Sarn, Sarn, please don't leave me."
The eyes remained closed this time and the voice stayed still. Death had won and had already claimed its prize. Bearl’s tears ran until there were no more tears to give. 

The Spartan quarters of the king's chamber at the northern garrison lacked all the amenities of the palace of the city on the sea. The lack of amenities was not what concerned Bearl.
"Father, why must you ride forth?"
His father, King Rud, got up from his chair and strode to the window.
"The barbarians have assailed us for many years, Bearl. This is my chance to strike a fatal blow at King Derthon."
"Is this the message you received from King Neld? That Derthon is vulnerable?"
The king nodded. "King Neld has told me that Derthon camps in the Lyess Valley. Desertions and disease weaken his army. He is vulnerable to an attack."
Bearl glanced at the chart that lay on the table between them. "You must pass through the Gorgen Chasm to get there, father. That is an ideal place for a trap."
"King Neld holds the heights of the Chasm, Bearl. He promises that if we attack, he will swing in behind us and aid us in our battle."
"I don't like it, father." Bearl's finger traced the length of the chasm. "Once your army enters it, there will be no escape."
"I trust King Neld, Bearl. If he says he will aid us, he will aid us."
Bearl felt a tug at his innards. He was young, only fifteen. However, his father had schooled him well in military matters. Geron, too at fourteen, had trained under the best generals. Both boys were mature beyond their years.
"Father, I do not think you should lead this attack."
"A king must lead his soldiers, Bearl. I cannot order my troops into battle. I must lead them."
"This troubles me, father. I do not hold the same trust for King Neld that you do."
"We have been friends for many years, Bearl. Neld has no reason to betray me."
"The barbarian’s batter his land also, father, but they have never taken it when they could have many times. I suspect he is in league with Derthon and seeks to lead you into ambush."
"I have made my decision, Bearl. The army rides in the morning."
Bearl's eyes sought his father's eyes. "May the blessing of the gods go with you father."
King Rud reached out and clasped his son's hand. "In my absence, you will be in charge, Bearl. It will be up to you and Geron to defend our land."
"We will stay vigilant, father. The northern garrison will not fall while we are here."
Their eyes met. "If I fall, Bearl, you will be king. Geron will be the commanding general. That is a lot of responsibility for lads of fifteen and fourteen."
"We will not fail you, father."
"It is not just me you must not fail. Our kingdom has withstood many assaults by the barbarians. They cannot prevail. I will not have blood of the Lion Kingdom mixed with barbarian blood."
"We will not fail, father. We will defend the kingdom."
With a last embrace, the king left the room to finish preparations with his general. 

Day had not yet broken when the army rode off. The sound of hooves and blaring trumpets filled the morning. Bearl stood at the parapets. He watched as the army streamed north, towards the battle that would break the barbarian king. As the sun tickled the eastern horizon, he could see the dust that arose from those thundering hooves. Then the cloud disappeared from his sight. Bearl implanted the image of his father, fully arrayed for battle, riding at the head of his troops. It was a memory which time never erased from his mind.

The day passed and turned into night. Bearl stood on the parapet, his brother Geron at his side. Servants brought food and drink that lay untouched on the tray. Bearl paced and watched. Another day and another night. At dawn on the third day, Bearl could see dust arising from the hooves of a single rider approaching the garrison. A soldier, clutching his reins tight in his dying hands, rode into the garrison. Bearl ran to him as men removed him from his horse and laid him on a blanket in the dust-covered parade grounds.
Someone thrust a glass of wine to his lips. The soldier, blood covering his face and an arrow still protruding from his side, opened his eyes one last time.
"Neld betrayed us." He closed his eyes. After a moment, he reopened them.
"All is lost," he said, his voice low and raspy. "The battle is over. The king is dead."
Again, the eyes closed.
With a start, the soldier's eyes flew open. "They are coming. King Derthon is coming."
A quiver ran through his body. Then the soldier lay still. 
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Temporary Victory

Two armies massed on the plains before the garrison. Bearl and Geron stood side by side watching the armies array themselves for battle.
"Derthon has Neld in the more exposed position," said Geron. "He plans to allow Neld to break himself against our walls and then follow after Neld has softened us up."
"He doesn't have enough men to attack the garrison himself. He needs Neld's forces."
"Neld is a treacherous snake," said Geron. "Derthon would never dare to attack us without his help."
Bearl studied the army of Neld. "We know the nature of Neld's forces. If we can kill Neld, they will take it as a bad omen and leave the field."
"Then we must find a way to kill Neld."
Geron glanced at Bearl. "Do you have a plan?"
Bearl shrugged. "Not yet, brother. I am sure I will have soon, though."
Geron pointed to the field. A group of soldiers was marching towards the walls under a white banner. "They have sent a party to parley."
Bearl signaled for the opening of the door. A few minutes later, a messenger stood before Bearl.
The man bowed and said, "King Neld requests a parley between you and him in an hour."
Bearl's eyes bored into the messenger's eyes. "Where does he request that we have this meeting?"
"He requests that you come to a neutral point between our forces and the walls."
Bearl paused as his mind raced through the possibilities. Then he said, "Tell Neld that I will meet with him in an hour. Only six men may accompany either of us."
The messenger bowed. "I will tell the king."
The man walked away.
"Derthon makes it seem that Neld is in charge."
"In a way, Neld is. If Neld's forces desert him, Derthon will have to abandon the field."
Geron glanced at Bearl. "I think that you have formed a plan."
Bearl gripped his sword hilt and said, "I have, brother."
"I have a feeling I will not like your plan."
"You will see my plan soon enough, brother."
Geron's eyes studied Bearl. He knew better than to try to change Bearl's mind once he made it. 

Two rows of men, six in each, eyed each other across the small strip of land that separated them.
Bearl was the first to step forward into the center of the two lines. King Neld soon faced him.
"So, the boy king has ascended to take his father's kingdom."
Bearl's eyes pierced those of the older man. "Through treachery and betrayal I have. Now I face my father's betrayer. What is it you wish, traitor?"
"King Derthon and I do not wish to invade and destroy your kingdom, boy prince. Derthon desires a wife. You have a sister. An alliance between Derthon and yourself would be helpful for both of you."
Bearl spat into the dust. "Never will I give my sister to an animal like Derthon." Bearl's eyes again met Neld's eyes. "What is in this for you, Neld?"
Neld smiled. "Your mother is still quite beautiful. And a widow now, I might add."
Bearl's hand gripped the hilt of his sword. "Never would my mother wed the man who betrayed my father. Is that all you came here for, to insult the house of my father?"
A smile played across Neld's face. "Not only did I betray him, I was the one to kill him."
Bearl withdrew his sword and thrust the blade into the ground between King Neld's feet. The kings looked at each other. One's eyes glinted in anger. The other's eyes smiled in derision.
"You, a mere boy, dare to challenge me, a grown man?"
"Not only do I challenge you, I mean to kill you."
Neld's face dissolved into a sneer. "Not only have I killed the father, I will get to kill the son as well."
Neld gripped the hilt of the sword in front of him. "I accept your challenge, boy prince. At dawn, we will meet here on this spot. In view of our two armies, I will rest your head on a pike and parade it around your pathetic fortress. Then I will have your mother and Derthon will have your sister. We will both have your kingdom."
At that, Neld strode away.
Bearl, Geron and the rest of his escort returned to the fortress. Once they were back in their private quarters, Geron gripped his arm.
"Bearl, are you crazy? You have just challenged King Neld to a combat to the death."
"The King insulted the honor of our house, Geron. What did you expect me to do?"
"It was what Neld wanted you to do. He wants to kill you, Bearl."
"I want to kill him, Geron. One of us will have our wishes granted tomorrow at dawn."
Geron faced Bearl, placed his hands on his shoulder and looked him in the eye. "Bearl, you cannot go through with this. You are our king. Let me do this for you."
Bearl shook his head. "No, Geron. It is because I am the king that I must do this."
"Neld is older and stronger, Bearl. What chance do you have?"
"It is true; brother that Neld is older and stronger than I. However, that isn't necessarily an advantage. He favors his right foot. He is slower than I am. I have certain advantages."
"King Neld is an excellent swordsman."
Bearl lifted his arms and placed his on his brother's shoulders. The looked into each other's eyes. "Have I not had the best teacher in the land, Geron?"
"It is true that father was the best swordsmen in the kingdom. But Neld...," at this Geron's voice trailed away. "I guess what is done is done. You have challenged him in front of both armies. You must go through with it."
"Yes, I must, brother."
Bearl walked to the window that overlooked the plains. Darkness was falling and the glint of firelight of hundreds of campfires surrounded the garrison. Tomorrow morning he would avenge his father. There could be no other outcome. 

Bearl faced King Neld. The men circled each other, swords gripped in their right hands, daggers in the left. A circle of their soldiers surrounded them, allowing no escape. It would be a fight to the death.
King Neld's face showed his contempt and perceived superiority over his young adversary. He held his sword aloft, waiting for an opening and a chance to strike Bearl.
Bearl turned, watching the older man, parrying the initial thrusts. He studied King Neld's movements. The man favored his right leg. It was a slight limp, almost invisible to untrained eyes. His father had trained him to study an enemy before attacking. Find out his strengths and weaknesses and when you know those weaknesses, attack without mercy.
Bearl waited, darting back and forth, using the nimbleness of youth to avoid the cold, sharp blade.
King Neld drove the young king back with several hard strikes of the sword. Bearl felt the hard shocks of the impacts sting his hands, heard the metallic clangs as their swords met. His sweaty palms had trouble gripping the hilt. He watched with dismayed eyes as Neld knocked his sword away, leaving him with only the dagger. A smile crossed the older man's face as he raised his sword for the final blow. Swift as a mouse, Bearl darted off to his left. Neld leaned on his right leg to brace himself for the blow and winced as pain shot through his body. Bearl, seeing his opponent hesitate, moved in close, swinging the dagger up. Neld's face froze as the dagger bit into his side. Blood flowed on the dust of the road and he fell to his knees. With a thud, the king fell forward, the final taste he would have would be the taste of the dust of the road on which he had died.
Bearl stood, strode to his sword and picked it up. He walked to the body of King Neld and held the sword high over his head. The blade bit down and the head of King Neld rolled across the dusty road. His men fell upon the King's men and a small battle raged.
Their swords tasted the blood of King Neld's men that day as they killed the king's honor guard. King Neld's horrified army watched in stunned silence. The commanders held a hurried conference. Their king lay dead in the field, his beheaded body already feeding the flies that infested the bloody neck.
The soldiers of King Neld deserted the field. It was too strong an omen. They would not fight a king who had vanquished their king. Bearl and his men returned to the garrison. He joined his brother at the parapet and gazed out over the plain. Derthon's forces were now alone. King Derthon rode to the fore. He raised his sword in frustration and signaled to his men. The barbarian force turned and disappeared into the distance.
"You have won, Bearl," said Geron. "The armies have gone."
"I have bought us some time, that is all, Geron. Derthon will have his vengeance upon King Neld's kingdom. His son is incompetent and Derthon will overwhelm him. In a year, maybe two, Derthon will overcome Neld's kingdom. He can then consolidate his forces. Then he will come for us."
"We will be ready, Bearl. No one has ever bested the North Garrison. It never shall be."
"I hope you are right, Geron."
As Bearl watched the retreating barbarian army, he was not sure.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Plan Emerges From Disaster

The plaza below Bearl's window under normal circumstances would be crowded with the midday crowd of people going about their business. But this was not normal circumstances. Instead of crowds of people, there were the death wagons, trundling through the streets on their macabre duties transporting their blanket covered cargoes. The wagons conveyed their dismal loads outside the city for internment in mass graves.
The origin of the deadly plague was unknown. Some said it came from a ship recently arrived from the southern Koaic Kingdoms. Others felt that it was punishment from the gods for straying from their ways. Bearl had no time to worry about where the infection came from. He had time only to deal with its results. The contagion knew no bounds, attacking both commoner and royalty. Bearl was still weak from his bout with the deadly plaque. His sister Marial, recently bedridden with the disease, had returned to her duties completing her and Bearl's latest project. He only knew that a person infected once with the disease did not get it again. He and Marial had had it. Both, by some miracle he could not fathom, had recovered from its rigors.
Geron occupied Bearl's mind. Geron's absence dragged on longer than originally planned. Had he too been stricken? The numbers of the dead and the task of removing them from the city occupied all of Bearl's remaining soldiers and there were none to send to the northern garrison to see what was delaying Geron's return.
The year since his combat with King Neld had gone as Bearl predicted, only quicker. Derthon conquered his kingdom with ease, taking Neld's daughter as concubine. He said that he would only marry the beautiful daughter of King Rud. His marriage to her would legitimize his hold on the Lion Kingdom, after slaying Bearl and Geron. And at thirteen, she would promise many children for the royal household.
Geron's task many weeks ago was to check on the northern garrison and spy out Derthon's legions. Word came down that the barbarian king was massing for a strike on Summer's Eve, the traditional day for the barbarians to begin their summer campaign.
Many weeks Geron had been gone. The disease struck the outlying villages, leaving many completely depopulated and the rotting corpses of its victims lying in the streets and in their beds with no one to tend them.
Bearl's once teeming kingdom was now a gutted relic of what is once was.
His memory returned to the last words of Sarn Dorsh, who had admonished him to remember the Land of the White Rock. The old man foretold a time of terrible troubles. Sarn was right about the time of troubles. Bearl closed his eyes and anguished. His land decimated by disease and threatened by a merciless barbarian king.
The only hope lay in his plan. A plan that Marial was administrating even now. Circumstances had forced a maturity upon her beyond her years and the royal household's functioning had devolved to her.
Bearl worried about Geron's absence. The plan was coming to fruition and Bearl did not wish to implement it without him.
A troop of mounted soldiers proceeding slowly along the North Road drew his attention. He recognized his brother's armor. Geron had returned.
Bearl waited. Geron would soon come and report. He turned at a sound. Geron entered. Bearl gasped at his appearance. Geron's eyes were deep sunk, his complexion pale and his demeanor that of complete exhaustion. He walked to the wooden table which occupied the center of the room, sat down and poured a glass of wine from a decanter on the table.
He took a sip of the wine, sat the glass down and glanced at his brother. “It is an evil time we live in, Bearl.”
“It is evil indeed,” Bearl said, clasping his brother’s hand. “I see you have returned from the Northern Garrison.”
Geron sipped again at the wine and said in a tired voice, “There is no Northern Garrison, Bearl.”
Bearl turned to look at his brother, surprise in his eyes. “What do you mean that there is no Northern Garrison?”
“I mean there is no Northern Garrison. The plague struck it. The few men who are left are dying. They could not hold off any attack. Those men who accompanied me are all that is left. I also caught the fever and lay sick many days. It was only two days ago I could leave my bed. I gathered the remainder of the men and returned.”
Bearl remembered the small column of soldiers which had accompanied Geron. "Those that accompanied you are all that is left of the hundreds that manned it?"
"That isn't the worst of it, Bearl. We passed many villages on our way south. There are almost no people left. The land stinks of death."
Bearl again walked to the window. “Marial and I have both been stricken and recovered also."
He turned to look at Geron. "Death has been busy all over the kingdom. Thousands have died. Our numbers are too few to send any more to occupy garrison. We do not even have enough soldiers and knights to defend our castle.”
“What will we do?”
Bearl turned to look at Geron. “Remember old Sarn Dorsh?”
Geron smiled. “How could I forget that old man? He spun many tales when we were young children.”
“That time was not so many years ago, Geron." Bearl paused. He felt he had lived a lifetime in those few short years. "The last story he told has been on my mind."
“You mean the tale of that other land?” Amusement sketched itself across his face “It was a legend, Bearl. Old Man Dorsh told many tales.”
“But what if it was true, Geron? What if there is a land far to the northwest that we could go to?”
Geron glanced at his brother. “You are serious, aren’t you?”
Bearl wheeled about. “Yes, I am serious. That land is just waiting for us to discover it. I think we should go there.”
Geron stood up. “What if it doesn’t exist, Bearl? What if old Sarn was just making it up?”
“Why would he do that, Geron?”	
“He loved to tell stories, Bearl.”
“But they were about his voyages. Using the archives I have verified most of what he said.”
“Most of them were, but not all, Bearl.”
Bearl glanced at his brother. “What have we to gain by staying here, brother? We hold title to a land we cannot defend. Our numbers are few, and our enemies are strong. If we stay here, the barbarians will overwhelm us and kill us. Our women will bear barbarian babies.”
He thought of their sister. “Marial will be forced to marry a barbarian king. She will be a slave.”
“Our father died protecting this land. We should not abandon it so easily.”
“Our father died protecting us. We have to do what we can to preserve our people. We cannot do this by staying here facing slaughter and slavery.”
“I am a soldier, Bearl. I want to die a soldier, not upon some formless sea, sailing for some land that may exist only in legend.”
Bearl studied his brother. He saw the passion in his eyes.
“Geron, we will not abandon our land. I have a plan.”
Geron looked at his brother. He respected Bearl. Bearl was also a warrior. He knew that. But Bearl was also crafty. “What is your plan, Bearl?”
Bearl walked again to the window and gazed out upon the city. “We have already survived the plague, Geron. Those who have had it are not subject to it again.”
He turned to face Geron. “The barbarians have not been exposed to its rigors. It has not invaded their land.”
Geron nodded. “This is true, Bearl. What has this to do with your plan?”
“I have gathered together some of our lesser treasures, Geron. We will place the treasure in a chest in the main hall of the palace when we leave. I have mixed some of the blood and bones of the last of its victims with the treasure. When the barbarians rummage through the treasure, the disease will infect them. Some will carry it back to their homeland.”
A smile crossed Geron’s face. “You will allow the plague do our fighting for us.”
Bearl nodded. “I have had the remaining ships of our fleet readied and provisioned. Some of our treasure is on our ship. We have hidden the rest. We will sail for this paradise of which Sarn spoke. If we find it, we will stay there and spy out the land. After a year, we will send a ship back to see what has happened here. If the barbarians are dead, as I suspect they will be, we will return to our land. If not, we will have found a new home to recover our numbers. Then, after a few years we can return to retake our kingdom.”
“What if we do not find it?”
“The ships will be well provisioned. We can last some months at sea. We are sure to find some island or land of some kind to rest and provision. If not, we will make new plans.”
Geron paced across the tiled floor. “I like your plan, Bearl. Have you discussed this with Marial?”
“She has been in charge of provisioning the ships. We are almost ready to sail. In seven days we will be ready.”
“It seems you have been busy in my absence.”
Bearl smiled. “I regret not discussing this with you. But you were away many weeks, and I did not trust sending you our plans by messenger.”
“That was a wise course, brother. The barbarians have scouting parties out. They might have captured a messenger.”
“That was my fear, Geron. The barbarians must not know any part of this plan.”
“How many of our people can we save?”
A troubled look crossed Bearl’s face. “We can save the entire kingdom, Geron.”
Disbelief crossed Geron’s face. “Surely we can’t save the entire kingdom on a few ships?”
“The plague was terrible here in the capital, Geron. It was much worse in the outlying villages. Most were completely depopulated. There are only a few hundred of us left.”
Geron sat down. “It is much worse than I feared, then.”
“It was very bad, Geron. We have not even enough to defend this castle, let alone our city. We must leave.”
Geron joined Bearl and together they studied their city. “It may be one of the last times we look upon it, Bearl. The barbarians will destroy it. When we return, it will be a pile of rubble.”
“Then we will rebuild that pile of rubble, Geron. This will be our land again. But to keep it, we must leave it.”
“Let’s hope that the plan unfolds the way you envision, Bearl.”
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Disaster on the Wings of a Storm

A week later, on the morning tide, the small fleet set sail. The King’s ship, the Morningstar, was in the lead with four ships trailing on each side, forming a “V” as they rode the ocean waves.
From his perch on their ship, Bearl, Marial and Geron watched the city disappear into the distance as they rode the morning tide out to sea. They watched until the sea encompassed them completely. The sun lay to the east, its radiance cast on the surface of the white-capped waves.
 “Do you think we will ever see our home again,” Marial asked as the sea finally obscured the land.
“Yes, Marial, we will. In a week the barbarians will sweep down into our land. They will avoid the bodies out of fear of infection. They will find the treasure we seeded with the disease. In months the plaque will decimate them. They will not be able to hold the treasure they have gained. We will return to punish the remainder and take back our land.”
“And in the meantime, we will have gained a toehold in this new land. Perhaps people already live there. We could gain a valuable trading outpost, as well as regaining our kingdom.”
Bearl looked at his sister, surprise in his eyes. “You have guessed my thoughts, Marial. This terrible tragedy could turn into a great thing for our people.”
Geron turned from the rail. “We must first find this land, Bearl. The only clue we have is the story Sarn told.”
“He said they traveled due northeast for four months. We will duplicate that heading. In four months we should see the white mountain he spoke of.” 

Days and then weeks followed. Seasickness and other minor maladies were their only opponents during the initial days of the voyage. After some time passed, the passengers and crews adjusted to life at sea. They adapted to their new routines and life was good.
It is during such times that tragedy strikes.
Bearl and Geron watched as storm clouds gathered on the horizon. Thunder rumbled across the waters and lightning flashed in the sky. The crew furled the sails anticipating the coming storm. The waves rose and fell, the ships bobbed on the surface.
“It will strike us soon, Bearl. It looks like a monster of a storm.”
Bearl nodded. “We have prepared the ships as best we can. They are good, stout ships. We should survive.”
“If we can stay together, it will be a miracle.”
The two entered the hatch, pulling it shut behind them. Bearl fastened the clasp.
The storm swept over them. The winds tore at the sails, and the waves threatened to overturn the boats. All day and night the storm raged.
The people stowed below decks experienced a nightmare from which there was no awakening. The waves crashed against the sides of the ship, they could hear the wind screaming. It seemed to cry their names, as though seeking them out for special vengeance for trespassing in her realm.
By morning the storm passed. Bearl and Geron emerged from the hatch. The stood on the deck and looked all around. They were alone on the wakening sea.
Geron walked to the rail. “Do you think the other ships survived the storm?”
“I do not know,” said Bearl.
“Where do you think we are?”
“My best guess would probably be wrong, Geron. The storm has buffeted us about for hours. We could be anywhere.”
“It will be night before we can see the stars and we can use the Guide Star to determine our position.”
After a moment’s reflection, Bearl said, “We should hold our position here until tonight. After the navigator determines our place, we will decide what to do.”
Geron nodded. “In the meantime, we wait. Even then, though, we cannot determine with any certainty what course we should follow.”
With a shrug, Bearl said, “All we can do at this point is to try to resume our course. And hope that the other ships can follow us.”
“If they even survived,” Geron said, uncertainty tingeing his voice. 

The day passed and the sun again rested from its labors. Clouds blew in and obscured the stars. Another day passed and then another. Finally, the clouds broke and that night they saw the stars.
The navigator sighted the Guide Star and went into his cabin. After performing some calculations, he returned to Bearl. He laid them down in front of Bearl and said, “The storm blew us leagues off course. We have to sail south for two days to get back where we were. Then I cannot even be sure that we will be on the exact same heading we were on.”
Bearl studied the calculations and looked at his navigator. “Do them again to be sure,” he said. “If you arrive at the same result, we will steer on the heading you indicate. If fortune is with us, we will arrive at our destination in a month.”
The navigator nodded, picked up his paper and left.
Geron glanced at Bearl. “Do you think he is right?”
Bearl leaned back in his chair. The lamp on the table cast a golden glow about the bridge. He rubbed his chin. “I don’t know. His calculations look right, as far as I understand them. All we can do is trust his knowledge.”
“It has been many years since we have sailed on the open sea, Bearl. Our experience is limited.”
Bearl nodded. “But now, I see no other course. We cannot return. The plague, if it has indeed afflicted the barbarians, has not had enough time to reduce their numbers. We have only a few fighting men, even if it has. We must sail on.”
The night passed. The navigator returned. “I have checked and rechecked, Sire. My calculations seem correct. Sail due south all day. I will recheck our position tonight.”
Bearl nodded, and then gave the necessary orders. Then he went to his quarters for some sleep.”
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents



The White Rock

Bearl stood at the rail studying the horizon with the glass. There was nothing to see but water in every direction. Marial was beside him, her dark hair streaming in the breeze. “Do you see anything, Bearl?”
“Water,” he said. “All I see is water.”
“Do you think it is really out there, Bearl?”
“I don't know. Geron thinks we are chasing a legend, a story with a bad ending.”
“Geron is a soldier, Bearl. He believes only in what he sees.”
“I am also a soldier, Marial.”
“But you are more than a soldier, Bearl. You are a king and a visionary. You have to believe it is there.” She turned to face her brother. “You and I have always believed Sarn’s tales. Why would he not tell the truth?”
“What if he didn't Marial? Even if he was, are we on the right course? The storm drove us astray. We cannot know if the corrections we made were right.”
Marial reached out and took Bearl’s hands between hers. “We have to believe, Bearl. We have to go on. It is too late to turn back.”
A smile crossed Bearl’s face. “You are always the optimist, Marial. You always believe.”
“I believe in you, Bearl. You have led us this far. You will choose the right course. I know you will.”
Bearl squeezed his sister’s hands. “If not for you, my dear sister, I would have given up long ago.”
Hearing the sound of footsteps behind him, Bearl turned to see the quartermaster standing, hat in hand, behind him.
"Quartermaster Biv, what is it you wish?"
"Sire, there is something you need to see in the hold."
"What is it, Quartermaster?"
"I think it best you see it, Sire."
Bearl and Marial followed the man as he opened the hatch and the three descended into the dark interior of the ship. The quartermaster pointed to several casks near the side of the ship. Bearl walked to them and peered inside one which had the end removed. The flour inside teemed with worms. He glanced at the quartermaster.
"It was the storm, Sire. Many of the casks and boxes have broken open spoiling the contents."
Bearl glanced again at the sodden mess in the barrel. "How much is bad?"
"Over half of our supplies," said the Quartermaster.
"This is terrible," said Marial. "We shall starve before we reach land."
"That is not the worst of it, Sire. Some of the water casks also sustained damage. Much has leaked away and others have become rancid. We have lost most of our remaining fresh water."
Bearl replaced the lid on the cask and he and Marial returned to deck.
The sun was dipping low in the west as he and Marial returned to the deck. Geron left his task of supervising the rigging and joined them.
"What has happened, Bearl? I saw you and Marial go below deck."
"Much of our food has spoiled, Geron. The barrels became damaged in the storm."
"How much do we have left, Bearl?"
"We have supplies for a week at most, Geron. In addition to that, most of the water has also spoiled. There is only enough to last us a few days."
Geron glanced at the sea which surrounded them. "We are all alone out here, Bearl with little food and water. It has been months since we have seen land. We cannot go back. What shall we do?"
Bearl shaded his eyes against the setting sun.
"We have nets," he said. "We can drag them behind the boat. Perhaps we can catch some fish."
"It will take a lot of fish to feed the crew and passengers, Bearl."
"It is all we can do."
Geron turned to walk away. "I will see to it." The man strode off.
Marial reached for Bearl's hands. "We will see the White Rock, Bearl. We will find our paradise."
"I hope you are right, Marial." 

The body, wrapped in blankets, slid down the ramp and hit the water with a splash. Packed in ballast, the body sank out of sight beneath the waves. Bearl, Geron and Marial stood together at the rail, watching the body sink.
"That is the fourth person to die in four days, Bearl."
Bearl turned to watch the few people who managed to come topside to attend the short ceremony. Many lay in the holds below, too sick to move. He glanced at the eastern horizon. The sky was lightening. Perhaps today would be the day they sighted the White Rock. 

A crowd of people gathered around the water barrel. The sun was rising and it was the time to for the daily water ration. Bearl peered into the barrel as Quartermaster Biv dipped some out for the first recipients. This would be the last ration. He glanced at Marial, who stood on the other side of the barrel. Her eyes met his and they moved away from the barrel to the back of the ship where Geron was helping pull in the net.
The net contained only a couple of wriggling fish.
At a signal from Bearl, the three moved into Bearl's quarters to talk.
"Our fishing has been a failure," said Geron. "Most times the net contains nothing at all. Other times we only catch two or three small fish. We will starve if we have to depend on our catches."
Marial folded her hands on the table. "The food has been gone for days and the last of the water went out this morning."
"If the barrels had been properly stored, they wouldn't have broken loose," Geron said as his eyes burned into Marial.
"If you had come back to help, maybe we could have done better," Marial shot back.
Bearl slammed his fist on the table. "Stop it, both of you. We cannot undo the past. Our people have not taken long voyages for many years. Most of the men with experience loading ships died in the plaque. We did the best we could. That is all we can do now."
Geron glanced at his sister and said, "I am sorry, Marial. I didn't mean to skewer you. But we are responsible for our people and they are on the verge of starvation."
Marial smiled. "Apology accepted, Geron." She glanced at Bearl. "Many are sick now, Bearl. We have had weeks of low rations and now no food at all for days. If we don't find land soon, more will die."
Bearl sighed. "It seems we are sailing to our deaths."
Geron got up and walked to the window which looked out over the merciless sea. "It would have been better to have stayed and fought. It would have been better to have died defending our homes in battle than to starve here on this formless sea."
"I would not have died in battle, Geron. The barbarians would have captured me and subjected me to a fate worse than death."
"We are not dead yet," said Bearl. "We still have life. And hope."
Geron turned to face Bearl. "Hope for what? To see this imaginary White Rock? It doesn't exist. It was an old man's tale."
Bearl stood up. "I did what seemed best, Geron. Our people were going to die at the point of the sword."
"The sword would have been preferable to this slow, uncertain death we now face."
A sharp rap at the door stopped Bearl's retort.
Bearl walked to the door and opened it.
The Quartermaster was standing outside, his face radiating a wide smile. "You had better come on deck, Sire."
Bearl, followed by Marial and Geron exited the cabin. A cry from the lookout, perched high on the main mast in the crow's nest, rang out.
“Land ahoy. To the west, land ahoy.”
Bearl turned back towards the horizon. He could see nothing. He ran to the main mast and clambered up to the lookout nest high above the ship. The lookout handed Bearl his glass. Bearl put the glass to his eye.
“There it is, Sire, far to the west, a mountain top glittering on the horizon.”
Bearl trained the glass in the direction indicated by his lookout. At first he saw nothing. He moved the glass a bit to the right. There it was, a white glimmer on the horizon. He studied it carefully. That was it. He knew it was.
He shouted as loud as his voice would permit, “We have reached it. We have reached the White Rock.”
He handed the glass back to the lookout. “Keep your eye trained on it. Do not loose sight of it.”
He descended to the deck and ran to the steersman. “Bear towards that mark,” he said. “Do not deviate.”
The steersman smiled. “That I will not do, Sire.”
He ran to Marial and they jumped into each other’s arms, their squeals of laughter echoing over the sea. Geron ran up and slapped Bearl on the back. “We did it, Bearl. We have reached the land of Sarn's story. You were right.”
Bearl pulled Geron into the embrace. He tripped and the three fell laughing to the deck. Their jubilation was infectious. Loud cheers broke out. Soon there was laughter, singing, and dancing all over the ship. Their long voyage was drawing to a close. Paradise was at hand. 

Morning mists played across the mountains like ghosts swirling in the wind. The sun rising behind them played its light across the mountain tops. One, far in the distance, towered over the others, its white top gleaming in the morning light.
“I see no place to land, Bearl,” said Geron. “It seems a barren, rocky coast.”
Bearl nodded. “I think we follow the coast towards the southeast. The other direction the shore bends northwest, towards the frozen lands.”
Geron nodded. “We will lose sight of the White Rock, Bearl.”
“Yes, but we know it is there. Somewhere we will find an inlet from a river. We will find a harbor sooner or later.”
The ship turned to follow the coast, which slipped away to the southeast. For two days they followed the coast, seeing only mountains and sheer rock bluffs which towered over the sea. Winds were unfavorable and their progress was slow. Still, the people starved and two more died.
On the third day, they rounded the coast as it fell to the south. A pair of promontories presented themselves with a channel between them. Bearl had the ship turn and pause at the outlet.
Geron stood beside Bearl and Marial as they studied the channel. “Should we go in?”
Bearl studied the sun. It was still early morning. “Yes, we have more than enough time to explore it.”
They lowered the oars and the ship entered the harbor. The morning sun revealed a barren land, painted with some substance coating it which made it bright red. As they paused, a huge red creature appeared on the far shore, near a dark looking river. The creature was studying them. Then it raised its hands. A red cloud emanated from its mouth and rushed towards them.
“Reverse course,” Bearl shouted. The ship paused as the oarsmen tried to turn the ship. The red storm struck the ship broadside. They had furled the sails, thus sparing the masts. Careening far over, the ship still came close to capsizing, but the oarsmen won the battle and the ship righted, turned and sailed out of the harbor.
A thick red dust settled on their skins, which burned from contact with it. A hideous smell hung like an acrid shroud in the air.
As they again reached the open ocean, the red storm passed.
“That did not look like paradise,” said Geron.
Bearl dusted his face and arms off. “No, it did not.”
“What kind of creature was that?” Marial asked as she brushed the red dust from her dark hair with a thin, white hand.
“I don’t know, but this dust stinks. It seemed to cover that whole land.”
“I hope the rest of this place is not like that,” said Geron. “If it is, we will perish.”
“I think we must continue the direction we were going,” said Bearl.
They turned their course to follow a westerly course, following the coast. Here there were no mountains. They could see a low lying land, red colored and with no vegetation. It was a barren and desolate looking place. The winds now were favorable and the ship skimmed the waves.
Bearl and Geron stood at the prow, watching the waves pass by the ship. "We are still going northwest, Bearl," said Geron. "Perhaps we have found a large island, with that red monster and his barren land the only occupants."
"If that is true, we will perish. We must find food and water soon, or we will all die."
"At least the net is harvesting fish. We have food."
"But still no water," said Bearl.
The sun dipped low when they finally reached another chain of mountains.
Marial gazed upon them. “Do you think this is the same chain we saw before?”
The ship was laying several leagues out to see. Bearl studied the mountains. He pointed, “Yes, I can see the White Rock. We have circumvented a large peninsula.”
Geron was studying the coast with the glass. “I can see a channel below those mountains. It might be a place to anchor for the night.”
Bearl gave the command to sail for the point indicated by his brother.
As they approached it, Geron said, “There is a small river there. It looks too small for us to enter with this ship.”
“But this small harbor will afford us protection for the night,” said Bearl. “I think we anchor here. We can allow the people to bathe in the ocean and we can wash this disgusting dust from the decks. 

The oarsmen positioned the ship, and they dropped the anchor. Darkness fell.
“I think in the morning we will take one of the small boats and explore that river. Maybe we can replenish our water. We should find game to hunt. We can all do with some fresh meat.”
Geron nodded. “Do you think that we could settle here?”
Bearl shook his head. “We are still too close to that creature for my part.”
“Here at least there is green grass and trees,” said Marial.
“I think we will stay here a few days to rest. Then we must move on. We should find a better spot to stay.”
“We hope,” said Geron.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Safe Sanctuary

Marial leaned against the rail of the ship peering up the small river. Her eyes were watching the return of a small boat filled with her countrymen and some casks of fresh water. Bearl stood beside her, his eyes equally engrossed in the scene.
Geron stood and took the rope. He pulled the boat close and, without waiting for the crew to secure it, clamored up the rope ladder and in moments, he stood beside Bearl.
“We have found nothing but a deserted village, Bearl. There are the remains of some small, sunken boats near the remnants of a pier.”
“You have found no people?”
“We saw none, but we felt someone was watching us. There are dense forests on the mountains and hills.”
“I don’t think this is a good place for us to settle.”
Geron shook his head. “No, this river is too small for our ship to enter. And it is too close to that monster, for my taste.”
With a nod, Bearl agreed. “I think we will send out a hunting party to see if we can find game. We should also fill our water casks with more fresh water.”
“There is a well in the village. We tasted the water and it is good so we used it to fill our casks. There are meadows near, which bear signs of once having been cultivated. We saw game animals grazing in them. We should easily fulfill our needs of meat here, before moving on.”
“Then that is what we shall do,” said Bearl.
The ship lay at anchor for a few days. The hunters had luck and replenished the food stock. While the hunters went about their business, Bearl had the water casks refilled.
On the fifth day, Geron approached the ship on a boat loaded with fresh meat. As he climbed on board, he walked to Bearl.
“We have replenished our supplies. Do you think it is time to explore further?”
Bearl watched as they hoisted the meat up to deck of the ship. “Yes, it is time. We need to find a place that we can settle. We have been on this ship many months. We have been lucky so far.”
“We have been quite fortunate that only a few have died.
“We will ready the ship. Tomorrow morning we will sail,” said Bearl.
“What is our course?”
“We will follow the coast. It bends south now, towards warmer lands. The season is moving on and it is much too late to plant crops. We are lucky in that our seed has survived. We must continue our explorations until we find a suitable spot. Only then can we rest.”
“I will give the orders,” Geron said. He strode from the bridge. 

The ship hugged the coast as the voyagers searched for another port. Bearl sat in his cabin studying his log. They had been on board for almost six months. How long would it take before they found a place to settle?
A knock sounded at his door.
“Enter,” he said as he looked up.
Geron appeared. “There is an island off the starboard bow, Bearl. I think you should come out and see it.”
Bearl laid his quill on the table and walked outside. He walked to the rail and gazed at the island.
“It seems like it is a sizable island,” said Bearl.
Geron nodded. “Do you think we should explore it?”
Bearl studied the forested terrain and said, “I think we should sail around it and see how big it is and to see if it has suitable anchorage.”
The navigator altered course. Bearl studied the island as they circumvented it.
“There is no smoke,” he said to Geron.
Geron was using the glass to study the coast. He said, “I have seen no signs of habitation of any kind.”
They were returning to the position they started from when Geron said, “There, Bearl. There is a small cove. It looks like a good spot to anchor.”
“We should enter, then.”
They extended the oars and furled the sails. As the oarsmen worked in unison, the ship entered the cove. Bearl could see a break in the trees, indicating the presence of a small stream.
“Anchor just off that rocky beach, where the stream enters the sea.”
The ship moved into position, and dropped the anchor.
“Ready two boats and choose a party to go ashore to explore,” Bearl said to Geron.
Geron nodded, and moved off to administer the king’s command. An hour later, Bearl watched as the explorers climbed into the two boats that lay tied to the ship.

Marial stood beside him. “What do you think they will find?”
Bearl shrugged. “We will know when they return.”
“If they return,” said Marial.
Bearl glanced at his sister. “Why do you say that?”
Marial watched as the boats clunked against the rocky beach. “I was thinking of that creature from our first stop. What if they encounter another of those?”
“That land was completely devastated,” said Bearl. “If another of those creatures were here, I think that this island would not look so inviting.”
“I hope you are right.”
“You are in low spirits this morning, Marial.”
“It’s just that we have been on this ship so long, Bearl. We have been through so much.”
“We will find a home, Marial. Perhaps we have already done so.” His eyes roved the green land in front of him, hope in his eyes.”
“I guess it is your turn to be hopeful, Bearl.”
Bearl turned towards his sister and took her hands in his. “We have survived this far, my sister. We have been fortunate.”
“What of those other ships that accompanied us? What happened to them? What was their fate?”
“Perhaps they will still come, Marial. We survived the storm. It is possible that the other ships survived also. Maybe the storm blew them further off course than us. They may still find there way here.”
“Maybe.” Her eyes were on her other brother, on the shore of this strange island, leading a group of men into an unknown place. 

Hours seemed like centuries, but Marial would not leave the rail. Bearl brought her food and drink. The sun passed zenith, and began its fall towards the horizon. The first stars were twinkling in the gathering twilight when she started, and pointed.
“They are returning.”
She watched as the men boarded the boats and began rowing back to the ship. Geron was the first to clamor aboard, his face smiling and his eyes bright in the lamplight.
“It is completely uninhabited, Bearl.”
“You have inspected the entire island?”
Geron nodded, “We have even found an ideal spot for a settlement. There is a hill near the center that has few trees. The spring that forms the creek begins at the base of it. It is the only spring on the island, but it puts forth a copious flow. We will have fresh water, and there is suitable land to clear for crops. It could be our paradise, Bearl.”
For the first time in months, Bearl breathed easily. “You bear good tidings, Geron.”
Marial smiled at the favorable report.
Bearl glanced at her. “Your fears have in vain, Marial. We have found a home.”
“The island is not huge, Bearl. It will support us only a short time.”
“But it will give us time to explore the mainland, time to find a better place.”
“Yes, it will buy us a few years.”
“That may be enough.”
“What shall we call this island?”
“Eris,” said Marial. “It means first hope.”
“That sounds like a wonderful name,” said Bearl. “Eris it is.”
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents





A Narrow Escape

From the deck of the ship, Bearl watched as the crew loaded the last of the supplies on the small boat that danced in the waves below him.
"We have made progress, Bearl," said Geron.
"We are fortunate that Jurud the carpenter survived the voyage," Bearl said. "His skills have been irreplaceable."
"Yes, they have. He has been busy teaching them to others. We have finished the great house and we have a roof over our heads. Today they will finish the store house and we will be able to store the grain seed until it is time to plant."
"We have to plant the wheat soon if we are to have bread next year."
"We have cleared on field and steady work by the women has gotten the soil prepared."
"It would be easier if we had horses or oxen to help. Without them we must do everything by hand."
Geron turned to face the sea. The harbor was small and faced the mainland, which was just visible in the distance. "We were lucky that no one found out about the store of grain seed during those last days at sea."
"If they had, the people may have risen in insurrection," Bearl said. "Hungry people would do almost anything for food, including eating the seed we need to sustain ourselves."
"There were times when I considered breaking those casks open myself."
"If the voyage had gone on much longer I would have broken them open. There is no point having seed to plant if the people die before we get somewhere to plant it."
Geron walked towards the stern of the ship, shading his eyes from the glare of the sun on the water.
"Bearl," he said. "Bring the glass."
Bearl joined him at the rail and handed him the small telescope.
Geron focused the glass and studied the sea. "There is a ship traveling south," he said as he handed the telescope to Bearl.
Bearl took the glass and pointed it in the direction Geron indicated. "Yes, there is a ship. That is the first ship that we have seen."
"Should we try to follow it?"
"By the time we get a crew together the ship will be gone. We should never find it."
"More questions without answers," said Geron as the ship slid out of sight. 

Savory meat roasting over the bonfire lent its fragrance to the scene and festive music filled the air. Bearl watched the people dance and eat as they celebrated the first birth in their new home. The new father and mother danced as they held the newborn infant between them at their place of honor in the center of the floor.
Marial sat down beside Bearl, her dark hair, bedecked with late summer flowers, flowing over her shoulders. Her eyes followed the newlyweds and her foot tapped to the beat of the music.
With a sidewise glance at Bearl, she said, "You and I share a similar problem, my brother."
The smile disappeared from Bearl's face. "It is a problem, Marial, a problem which could not have been foreseen."
"Geron feels it too."
Bearl’s eyes took in the dance floor as he said, "It is an unhappy misfortune that there are no single young women among our colony. All the young people have married."
"There were two young women, but both died during the voyage."
"There are many unmarried men, sister."
"True, Bearl. But there are none that I fancy."
"The colony needs children, Marial. You may have to marry a man who you do not fancy."
Marial tossed her head. "I will not marry anyone that I do not love, Bearl."
Bearl sighed. "We have only fifty-two women of child-bearing age, Marial. We have over seventy men. You are the only marriageable young woman."
Marial's eyes flashed at Bearl. "Would you command me to marry, Bearl?"
Bearl shook his head. "No. You know I would not do that, but many will talk. They will say that you hold yourself above them."
"Time may change my heart, brother."
"In the meantime, we should enjoy the party, my sister. Shall we dance?"
Marial's flashed a smile. "We shall, brother."
The crowd hurrahed as the king and his sister took the floor and the merriment went far into the night. 

The fall-sown wheat glistened in the afternoon sun. Four more babies joined the colony that spring as the colony recovered from the snows of winter. Bearl and Geron walked along the edge of the field, inspecting the crop. They looked over the two additional fields cleared during the winter. The land awaited the seed that would feed the growing colony.
"I have been thinking, Bearl. There is not enough game to feed up here on this island. We have killed and eaten most of it. And fishing has been unsatisfactory."
"We do need a way of procuring more meat, Geron. This island just is not big enough to satisfy our needs. I propose we plant a hunting colony on the mainland at that place we first landed."
Bearl thought about this for a moment. "That seems a good thing to do, Geron."
"There was a town there at one time. We could salvage many useful things from it. We could hunt, fish, gather nuts and berries from the forest and cut firewood. Maybe we could even salvage some of those boats which we saw sunk in the river."
"We would have to keep this colony small, Geron. We cannot afford to send many men. It would also have to remain hidden as much as possible. There is a reason that the people of this place have abandoned their town."
"You think that creature we saw comes into this land?"
"I can think of no other reason. If we had a small post on the mainland, they could hunt and explore. Maybe we could find a suitable place for us to live."
"I agree. This island affords us protection, but it is too small to sustain us. We have already exhausted the game and cut many of the trees."
"Many of the families have built cabins and this takes many trees."
"The extra firewood needed to sustain these homes will be more than we can cut here. All the more reason to plant a post to gather the things we need on the mainland while our people regain their strength."
By this time, the brothers had returned to the great house where they still made their home. "How long before we can return to our home, Bearl?"
Bearl looked over the small village that was taking shape. "This is our home now, Geron. I do not wish to take these people on another dangerous voyage across the sea on a battered ship that needs repairs that we cannot make now. We do not have enough fighting men to retake the Lion Kingdom, even if the plaque has decimated Derthon’s forces. We have only a little over fifty fighting men. We will have to stay here many years to rebuild our strength. We will need more room for our people to grow."
"There is more room on the mainland," said Geron.
"That is precisely why I want you to go ahead with your plan. We are safe here. I do not want to leave here until we know more about that land."
"I will begin, brother. How many men do you want me to take?"
Bearl thought for a minute. "We will start small. You should plan to take no more than ten men. The men will all serve over there, as we will rotate them every few weeks and every man will take his turn. Work it out, and then come to me with your plan."

Geron nodded. "I will do so, Bearl. I expect to take some men there within a week."
Bearl nodded back in agreement and went inside the great house. 

Always there are eyes in the forest. Eyes he could sense, but never see. Geron did not like this feeling of eyes constantly prying at him. The hunting post was high in the mountains overlooking the deserted village. Once a month half of the men went to the post to dry meats, and gather nuts. They also cut firewood and gathered whatever else the men managed to have ready to ship to the island. The spent the rest of their time hunting, processing the game and cutting firewood. There was little time for the exploration that Geron longed to do.
Geron convinced Bearl to increase the number of men to twenty. He had hopes that the increased number would allow him to press into the mountains. The land they occupied was still a mystery. They had no idea how big it was. They had fleeting glances of shadows of people who always melted away when his men tried to approach. This monster, if indeed that was the source of the fear, was fearsome indeed.
So far, the only sight he had of this creature was that day many months ago in that ruined land. The storm he raised almost destroyed the ship.
If that creature ever came here, it would be terrible, indeed. So far, Geron had not seen the creature. From time to time, there were rumblings from further up in the mountains. If those sounds were those of thunderstorms or the passing of something more fearsome, there was no way to know. He only knew that when these rumblings occurred, even the beasts and birds of the forest became scarce. It was as if the terror afflicted even them and sought to seek shelter from his depredations.
Geron pricked his ears up. He could hear the faint cracking and thrashing of something in the distance as something moved through the trees.
He stood and gave a sharp whistle.
An answering whistle sounded in the forest nearby. More whistles followed in answer to his. Geron counted eighteen. Two men were missing, perhaps too far away for him to hear. He gave another whistle, the signal for the men to hide.
Geron knelt in some brush, concealing himself as best he could.
It was not a moment too soon. A huge red creature strode from the forest into the clearing of the abandoned town below Geron's hiding place. It stood near the river and turned in circle, sniffing the air and scanning the countryside with its single red eye.
It approached Geron's hiding place. Geron pressed himself down closer to the earth. The creature stopped. Geron could hear the snuffling of the creature's nose. Geron closed his eyes and was glad that the wind was flowing from the direction of the monster, carrying Geron's scent away from him.
Geron opened his eyes. He could see the huge foot of the creature as it stood near enough for him to reach out and touch it. Geron did not reach out to touch it.
After a moment, the creature moved away and went back into the forest. As he watched the creature move off, Geron understood the fear of the people of this land.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




A Journey Proposed

Smoke curled from the chimneys of the cabins that made up the tiny settlement, lending its scent to mix with that of the nearby sea. The small island seemed almost to float upon the waves. Bearl watched it from the prow of the Morningstar as it approached its anchorage in the bay below the town.
"I fear this ship does not have too many voyages left in it, Bearl," said Geron, who was leaning against the rail next to him.
"It is twenty years old this summer."
"I can't believe that we have been on this island for that long."
"It is time to return to the Lion Kingdom, Bearl. We must return while we still have a ship to return in."
After dropping anchor, Bearl watched as one of the small boats dropped into the water from its moor on the side of the ship.
"I fear we still cannot return, Geron. Our settlement has grown it is true, but we still have less than one hundred fighting men, most of which have never been in battle. We do not have enough weapons to outfit them, even if we did return."
"It was the ultimate plan to return, Bearl. Most of the people expect it. By now the barbarians may be rebuilding their strength."
"Yes, that was the ultimate plan, Geron, but the storm took four of our ships. We had almost four hundred well-trained soldiers, weaponry and five ships. Now we have one ship and an untested fighting force with few weapons. We have drilled them it is true. But drills do not match action. Even if the barbarians are weak, we do not have enough strength to attack and retake our homeland."
Bearl and Geron descended the ladder and took their places in the boat. They cast off the line and several of the men on board began to row towards the small wharf that extended out into the water. Bearl's eyes took in the Morningstar as it danced in the blue waves.
"The ship is not safe for such a long voyage, Geron. Some of the timbers are rotting and the hull needs new planking. We do not have the facilities to make such extensive repairs."
The wooden boat reached the dock. Bearl and Geron stepped out on the wharf and walked to the road that led to the settlement, visible from the shore.
"What do you propose to do, Bearl?"
As they reached the village, Bearl noted the fields that lay at the edge of the town. "We cannot stay here longer. We have used up the land." Geron nodded in agreement. "The soil here was thin, rocky and never fertile. We have cut all the trees and now we are now dependent upon what we haul in with the Morningstar. We shall be marooned here when the ship becomes useless."
"That ship has almost reached the end of its usefulness. We cannot build another as long as we stay here."
Geron looked towards the mainland. "That river is too shallow and small for us to use to build a ship. And we have used up most of the large trees to build our cabins and other things we need."
"We have to find a safe place on the mainland to settle, Geron. It is the only option we now have."
"We have not had time to explore as I wished. The game has thinned out, making us range further into the mountains. We must also range further up the slopes to get wood for fuel and for building. I have established three separate hunting camps in the mountains above that valley to vary where we hunt."
"All of which expends valuable time and energy."
Geron stooped and picked up a handful of soil from the field.
"There is only one or two seasons of crops left in this soil, Bearl. Last year the yield was down considerably. We barely had enough food to last through the winter."
"Our numbers are growing, Geron. This island is becoming too small for us. We have young men who want land, and there is none available."
Bearl turned to look at the Morningstar, the furled sails gleaming in the morning light. "We must outfit the Morningstar for one last voyage, Geron."
"You propose to sail this spring?"
"As soon as we have the crops planted we will set sail with fifty men."
"And I suppose you will leave me behind, as usual."
Bearl and Geron turned at the feminine voice that addressed them.
"Marial. Yes, you will have to stay behind to lead the colony."
Disappointment clouded Marial's eyes. "Why is it that you two always get to have all the fun and I have to stay behind?"
Bearl smiled and said, "Fun we will not have, Marial. We will be exploring strange lands with who knows what kind of dangers. The food will be bad and uncertain. And we may run into the creature at any time."
Marial said, "That creature used to come prowling every few months on the mainland, but we have not seen him in a couple of years now. Maybe he is dead."
Geron turned back to face the mainland. "It would be good if he was. I saw him once up close and did not like what I saw."
"You were lucky to get away alive," said Bearl.
"We all were. We were all downwind of him and he did not smell us, though he tried."
"If he is gone, this may be a good time to go exploring, Bearl," said Marial, “though I wish I could go along with you."
"We need you too much here, Marial. Someone must keep things going in my absence and you are the best suited for that duty."
"What if you do not return?"
"Then you must do the best you can to lead the people through. We have salvaged two small boats from the town. You may have to ferry them across to the mainland and find refuge there."
"How long will you be gone?"
Bearl again looked towards the mainland. "We do not know how large this land is, or if it is a part of a larger land mass. If we find nothing after a few weeks or months, we will return. I would anticipate that by winter we will be back with news."
“I hope you are right, Bearl,” said Geron.
“We started this voyage with nothing but hope, Geron. We have been subsisting for years with only hope to drive us. It is my hope that we will find the things we need.”
"Mine also," said Marial. "In all this time we still have not contacted anyone who lives on this land. Maybe it is completely uninhabited."
Geron shook his head. "There are people there. I feel their eyes all the time. They are watching us."
"The fear is planted deep, then," said Marial.
Geron shuddered at the memory of the creature. "That thing would plant fear into anyone. Even now I have dreams about that hard, cruel eye."
"It is moving towards the noon meal," said Bearl. "We had little for breakfast before returning to the island. I think we should eat and lay our plans."
"I agree," said Geron.
The sun now at zenith, watched as the three walked towards their dwelling. As the day progressed, the three made plans for what Bearl came to call the next Voyage of Discovery. Like the ones of his grandfather, they didn't have any idea of what they would discover.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents





An Inhospitable Land

Already some of the fields were showing the green tips of the emerging crops. In others the fall-sown wheat was growing, a luxuriant green carpet which promised bread and ale. From his perch on the bridge, Bearl kept his eyes fastened on the now fading island of Eris that had been their home these many years. He turned to watch the ocean in front of him. On the right, the mountainous mass of the mainland loomed over the azure blue waters. To the left the sea stretched to the horizon. The morning sun hung low over waves painted with a shimmering golden radiance by its rays. The ship sailed south as it followed the coast.
Geron walked up the steps from the main deck and joined Bearl at the rail.
"We are finally on our way," he said as his eyes swept the horizon in front of him.
"Yes we are. We are departing a bit later than I desired."
"Spring rains kept us from the fields, but we finally have planted the crops."
"And once again, Geron, we are off into the unknown."
As they sailed south, clouds gathered on the western horizon and the wind began to pick up. Bearl pointed to the west. "It seems that storms gather in the mountains."
Geron watched as the captain of the ship gave the orders to prepare the ship for a heavy sea. "We had best get inside, Bearl."
The first large drops spattered on the wooden deck as the brothers went into the cabin. Bearl turned to look outside. Heavy rain-swept over the ship, creating a fog which obscured any view of the land. The winds blew from the northwest, driving the ship before it. For hours, the winds blew and the rain fell, tossing the ship on waves that towered high above it.
When at length the storm passed, the landscape to the west had changed. The mountains were gone, replaced by buff colored sand and rocks that lined the shore. Sand dunes towered behind them.
"It seems that the mountains have given way to desert," said Geron.
"Yes, it would seem. The storm drove us many miles south."
Geron studied the shore as it passed. "This land looks quite inhospitable."
Bearl glanced back towards the north. "We may well have missed something in the storm. The shoreline was invisible for many hours."
"Do you want to turn back?"
Bearl paused as he considered the suggestion. "No, I think we sail on. I mean to explore as much of this land as we can. It is probable that all we missed was unbroken mountains."
"And it is possible too, that we missed something important."
Neither knew that Geron was right. 

The air was growing warmer as they progressed south. Bearl watched at the desert gave way, first to grasslands and then to a tree-lined shore. He pricked his ears as the lookout pointed and shouted, "I see an opening in the trees, Sire. I can see a harbor.”
“That is the first good harbor we have come across,” said Geron.
"Bring us in closer,” said Bearl. He bent forward and put the glass to his eye. "I can see something along the shore. Enter the harbor, we will explore it."
The ship sliced through the waters and entered the harbor.
"There are the remains of a city here, hidden beneath the vegetation," said Geron as the ship approached the shore. The remains of a wharf ran along the shore, overgrown in many places with vines and trees.
Geron studied the barely visible buildings. Some of the stones gleamed white beneath their covering of vegetation. “What do you think? Would this serve as a satisfactory settlement for us?”
“This is a possibility,” said Bearl. “It would be warm here, and the forests should abound with fruits and other foodstuffs. I think you should lead an exploratory party ashore.”
The ship docked on a clear section of the wharf.
Geron chose the men who would accompany him. They armed themselves and gathered on deck. They extended the gangplank and Geron led them ashore. The fibrous stalks of the vines that guarded the shore yielded reluctantly to the blows of sharp steel swords. The explorers hacked their way through.
Bearl watched as the men disappeared into the tangled mass of vegetation. 

Bearl paced with impatience on the bridge. He looked often to the wharf, seeking news of his brother and the party that accompanied him. As darkness began to fall, he could hear the thrashing of feet and the shouts of men. The familiar figure of his brother soon emerged from the hole they had hacked in the vegetation. His boots resounded on the wooden wharf. Two of the men were bearing a third between them, his head drooping on his breast. They made their way up the gangplank and lay the man down on the deck.
Geron knelt beside him and lifted the man's wrist, feeling for a pulse with his fingers.
He laid the man's hand across his chest and arose. "He is dead."
Bearl glanced at his brother. "What happened?"
Geron raised the man's legging, revealing two angry red puncture marks on his ankle.
"There are many serpents here," he said. "One of them bit this man as we were returning. It did not take long for it to kill him."
Bearl knelt beside the man. He studied the face. "We have lost few people since we have taken up habitation here. This man deserves a hero's grave."
"Unfortunately we will have to bury him in a strange land far from his family," said Geron.
A black blanket shrouded the land as the sun dropped below the horizon. Cries of strange beasts emanated from the forest and the hum of biting insects filled their ears.
"What did you find, Geron?"
"There is no one living there that we could find, Bearl. This was a great city many years ago. Most of the buildings have fallen or shoved down by a powerful force. The vines have pulled many others down."
"Would it be a suitable place for us to settle?"
Geron's face, visible in the lamp light, shook from side to side. "This is not a good place, Bearl." He glanced at the dead man lying on the deck. "There are many serpents like the one that bit him. There are spiders and other biting and stinging insects. It would take years to clear away the vines and trees."
Bearl looked down at the fallen man. "Prepare him for burial at sea. We will sail with the tide and bury him when the sun rises. His spirit will join with the sun and will always be with us."
As the silver stars watched from the ebony, sky the crew mourned their lost companion and hoped that he would be the last.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents





Kidnapped by Raider

In the ensuing weeks, their direction shifted. The shore at first extended westerly, and then took a northerly direction. The landscape changed from tropical forests to grassy plains and then to sandy beaches and dunes once again.
Geron stood beside Bearl on the bridge. "I wonder if this desert extends all the way across this island."
"It must, but we do not know that this is an island, yet," said Bearl.
"It may be part of a large land mass, but I think that it is a large, uninhabited island."
"I think there are people here, Geron."
"All we have seen is that horrible creature, Bearl. I think that thing has killed all the humans who live here. We have found cities and towns with no inhabitants. Nor have we seen signs of recent human occupation."
"Your constant complaint is that of someone watching us, Geron."
Geron shrugged. "But I have seen no reason to think that any one watches us, Bearl. Perhaps it is just the spirits of the people this creature has killed who watch."
Bearl's eyes scanned the deserts before them. "This is a huge land, Geron. There are many places for folk to hide if they wish to do so."
"We have seen no other harbors or cities for weeks, Bearl."
"We saw that river a few days back, Geron. There were the remains of a town on the peninsula which extended out from the marshy land behind it."
"There was no one living there, Bearl. The wooden shacks were falling down. We found only a dead town with no inhabitants."
"Don't forget that creature, Geron. It lives here."
"I have not forgotten that thing, Bearl. I saw it remember. But we have seen or heard no sign of it for months."
"Nonetheless, I feel it is still here, somewhere. There are people here, too. I am sure of it. They are just so fearful that they will show themselves to no one that they do not know."
As they watched the shoreline pass a break in the shoreline appeared, flanked by two patches of green.
"Perhaps we have found another river?" Bearl glanced up at the lookout that pointed ashore and shouted, "Harbor sighted, Sire."
Bearl took out his telescope and studied the inlet. "I can see signs of a city."
He folded the telescope and stuck it in his pocket. He glanced at Geron. "Prepare to enter the harbor. I want to investigate." 

The sun was setting over the desert landscape, painting the sky in hues of orange and yellow. The Morningstar anchored a distance offshore.
"Another deserted wharf and another city of ghosts," said Geron as his eyes swept the ruined buildings.
"We will anchor here until morning," said Bearl. "Tomorrow morning I think we will sail up that river with the tide."
"It looks navigable for a distance upstream."
"It does. Perhaps we can replenish our water from it further upstream." 

Faint fingers of light touching the eastern sky announced the beginning of another day. Bearl and Geron stood at the rail watching the full moon as it approached the western horizon. It lent its silver light to the sandy dunes that were about to swallow it. The tide was rushing towards the shore, pulling the ship along, with a favorable wind, up the course of the river.
The growing light revealed a land of sand, dunes and rock.
"I don't think we have found our paradise here, Bearl," said Geron. "I think we have found a sandy, barren waste fit only for serpents and sand monsters."
"I have seen many river lizards, also," said Bearl.
"I have seen those, too. The further inland we penetrate, the more of them we see it seems."
"The wind is changing and we have lost the tide, Geron. I think it is time to anchor. I was considering allowing the crew to bathe in the waters of the river. But I fear many would become a meal for those huge monsters swimming in the waters."
The ship came to a stop and Bearl commanded that the ship turned around and the anchor deployed.
As the ship lay at anchor Geron said, "We have seen little of the land, as the banks of the river rise high above the river in most places. I would like to take a party ashore to explore the land about the river."
"I see no reason not to do a bit of exploring," said Bearl. "The land is open for miles around. The only vegetation appears to be the shrubs and trees that line the river. I think that all you will see is sand and rocks."
“I would like to go look anyway."
"Assemble a group, Geron. Be careful. This land, I fear, has many surprises."
"I will, Bearl." 

From the sandy heights above the river, two men watched the ship at rest in the river below them.
"What do you think, Nath?"
Nath shook his head. "I do not know, Curn. I have not seen a ship in many years. Master will want to know about this."
The other man pointed. "Look, some of the men on board are disembarking."
"It looks like about ten men." He glanced at his partner. "Do you think we should try to capture them?"
"They are armed," Curn said. "Not only that, they look like they know how to use those swords."
"Some have bows, also."
"I think we watch them. We have them outnumbered. If we get a chance, we should take them. Meanwhile, have the men conceal themselves in this thicket and behind the rocks. We cannot allow them to see us."
They watched as the party made its way up the bank. The leader stopped at the top and scanned the land around him. He spoke to his men before proceeding.
"That is a strange language," said Curn. "It is no language of Island World."
"Master will want some of these men. He will want to question them, to find out where they come from."
"Perhaps they come from that island. We have watched it and seen smoke at different times. We thought we saw a ship anchored there once."
“There has been activity in the mountains around that deserted town. Perhaps these people are.
"It is lucky that we have no prisoners, yet. We must follow these men into the desert. At some point, they will return. It is then that we will attack them."
"What about their weapons?"
"We must attack them quickly. Use the nets we use to capture Gwaum's food."
"It will be difficult to capture armed, watchful men."
"We must try," Nath said.
As Geron's party walked into the desert, they were unaware of the shadowy party which followed, just out of eye range behind them. 

Geron held up his hand, signaling a stop. His eyes scanned the rocky heights above him. "We have followed this chasm for miles," he said. "It seems to lead nowhere."
The man who walked up beside him took note of the sun. "We should turn back, Geron. The sun is low in the west. It will be dark when we get back."
"You are right. We should return." The men turned and began trekking back in the direction that they came. Geron, believing that there was no danger, had failed to send men ahead as a scouting party. So when the nets descended over them, they netted his entire company. The metal hooks in the nets caught at their skin and rocks began raining down on them from above. Geron managed to withdraw his sword and slice at the netting. A tear appeared, through which a rock plunged, striking him on the head. His world faded into darkness. 

Worry ate at Bearl as his eyes scanned the darkening desert. Hours had passed since his brother's party slipped over the banks of the river and disappeared into the desert. Night was falling and there was still no sign of his return.
Captain Kalf Shern stood by his side watching the gathering darkness. "What shall we do, sire?"
Bearl glanced upwards. "We can do nothing until morning. Even with the full moon, we cannot track them."
"Maybe they will return during the night."
"If they do not, I fear disaster has struck."
The night passed and Bearl did not stray from the bridge, his eyes fastened on the riverbank. He refused all food and drink as he waited. When morning arrived, Bearl said to Captain Shern, "Ready up a rescue squad. We must search for Geron and our companions."
"How many should we take, Sire?"
Bearl thought for a moment. The crew had only been fifty men to begin with. Geron's party included ten of their best fighters.
"Ready up fifteen men. I will head this expedition."
Captain Shern’s eyebrows rose. "I beg permission to speak freely, Sire."
Bearl nodded.
"I do not think you should accompany us, Sire. You are the king and as such are indispensable to the success of our voyage and to the people."
Bearl's eyes focused on the captain. "I understand your concern, Captain. Geron is my brother. If he is in trouble I must do what I can to rescue him."
"Beg your pardon, Sire, but I disagree. Your greater responsibility is to your people. Let me search for your brother."
"No disrespect Captain, but if I allow you to go alone and you fail, I will always suspect that I could have done more. I will not allow that suspicion to come between us. I will head the expedition."
Captain Shern bowed. "I will ready the men, Sire and let you know when we are ready."
Bearl watched as the captain left the bridge, then turned to search the desert with his eyes. Geron was still out there. He must do what he could to find him. 

Captain Shern knelt and studied the tracks in the sand. He glanced at Bearl.
"Someone was following them, Sire. There were men waiting in the rocks."
"How many?"
The captain shook his head. "Impossible to say, Sire. The tracks of our men have mixed with those of the men following them. Geron's party was in single file, but these men were not. There were at least twenty, to judge by the tracks."
"So they outnumbered Geron."
Kalf nodded. "There were at least twice as many pursuers. Maybe more."
Their path led them through a barren land of rocks and sand. After a couple of hours, the rocky hills broke the flat desert landscape. A break in the hills before them provided the only path between the steep hills. Kalf knelt and examined the desert sand. 
"It appears that Geron led his party into the chasm. The others split and climbed into the rocks above it."
"So Geron led his men into an ambush."
"It is a possibility, Sire. We cannot know unless we follow him."
Bearl studied the chasm. "I do not wish to lead us into an ambush."
Captain Kalf said, "I will lead a small party into the chasm. We can send another party along the heights above it. You can stay here with the remainder of the men, ready to come to the aid if these men attack us."
Bearl nodded. "That sounds like a good plan, captain. See to it."
After the two groups of soldiers departed, Bearl found himself waiting again. Another hour passed and the sun was standing almost at zenith. Bearl glanced to the west. A forbidding bank of clouds was gathering on the horizon. He could feel the wind beginning to increase, driving fine particles of sand against his face.
A cry from the mouth of the chasm brought his eyes back to it. Captain Shern was beckoning him.
Bearl walked over to the captain, who said, "We have found evidence of a struggle about a mile into the chasm. There are the bodies of five of our men there. Geron was not among them."
"How much further does the chasm extend?"
"We did not reach the end of it. But the tracks continue along in the other direction."
"Then we should follow."
"I have sent a few men ahead, Sire. The party on the rocks above is continuing to explore also. They have found no one up there so far."
"We will break into three groups," said Bearl. "If they attack any one of us, the others will be free to help. We will not fall into the same trap Geron did. We will follow you further into the chasm. If Geron and the rest of the men are still alive, we have to rescue them."
As Bearl's group entered the chasm, the wind began to blow harder. He looked to the west to see a vast wall of dust approaching them.
"Into the chasm," he shouted to his men.
They found shelter just as the cloud of dust enveloped them. The deep walls of the chasm protected them from the worst of the storm. But their lungs still choked from the dry, swirling cloud that clung to them. Bearl sat on the ground and fretted. The storm would obliterate any tracks left by Geron and his captors. How would he find his brother?
An eternity seemed to pass before the storm ended. Bearl stood and brushed the dust from his clothing and hair. He glanced at Captain Shern.
"Should we continue the search, Sire?"
Bearl glanced at the sky above. The storm had gone on for hours, wasting them precious time. The sun was lowering in the western sky. They were not equipped for a camping expedition in the desert. They had little water and no food with them.
"Gather what water we can from the men and send them back to the ship. You and I will join your group ahead and continue along the chasm. It has to end somewhere. We will find the end and see where the tracks then lead."
"There will be no tracks, Sire. The dust storm will have wiped them away."
"Until I see with my own eyes, I will not believe that. I cannot leave my brother here, in this desert waste."
Kalf gathered the water skins and sent the men back. He, Bearl and a few men continued along. In an hour, they found the men he had left at the site of the struggle.
"Leave a couple of men to bury them while we continue on," Bearl said to Kalf. "They can join up with us at the end of the chasm."
The dreary trek continued with no end in sight of to the chasm. It wound around through the hills, partly blocked in many places by large boulders that had fallen. The party picked its way along slowly. The sun was casting long shadows across the desert floor when they finally emerged from the chasm. Boundless sand stretched to the west ahead of them. It was sand, smoothed by the wind, obliterating the tracks.
"We cannot tell what direction they took them, Sire," said Kalf. "We will have to abandon the search."
Bearl held his hand over his eyes to shade them from the setting sun. He scanned the sands in every direction. Whither had they gone? Bearl did not know. He despaired that he might never know. 

Bearl gave the command for the ship to raise anchor and begin the trip back to the sea. It had been a fateful trip. They had lost ten good men, his brother among them. What would he tell Marial?
As the ship slipped down the river, carried along by a compliant current, his eyes scanned the desert.
His heart ached for his brother. What fate had befallen him? Would he ever see him again?
Bearl found these questions might never have answers. Or that the answers would be such that he would not want to know.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Stormy End

The soft fur robe helped keep the chill air at bay as Bearl stood on the bridge. A cold wind blew from ashore, bearing with it the smell of snow in the air. The eyepiece of the brass telescope felt cold against his skin as he peered at the shore.
"Another broken, abandoned city, captain," he said as he swept the landscape with the glass.
"Do you want to send a party ashore, Sire?"
Bearl shook his head. "I have no interest in further adventures ashore, Captain Shern. There is nothing for us here in this cold land."
"What heading do you wish us to take, Sire?"
Bearl folded the telescope and put it in his pocket. He glanced upwards at the slate gray sky.
"We will continue north for a couple of days. It is getting late in the season and I wish to get back to Eris before winter sets in. If the land appears to continue going north, we will turn back and return the way we came."
"And if it doesn't?"
Bearl shrugged. "It depends upon what we find."
Bearl left the bridge and went into his quarters. He put another piece of wood in the small stove that attempted to keep his quarters warm. He poured a cup of hot tea from the pot and looked out the small porthole over his table.
He was beginning to doubt himself. Everything had gone wrong in this foolish quest for a paradise. Instead of paradise, all he found was a fearful land held vassal by a terrible monster. In twenty years, the only people they found were the ones that abducted his brother. The island home they took as refuge was nearing the end of its usefulness. The voyage of discovery, which began with so much hope this spring, was ending in failure. There was no place on this terrible land for his people to call home. Instead of a paradise, he had found only a land of death and sorrow.
He glanced in the mirror. He was now thirty-seven years old. He longed for a mate, but there were none among his people.
Marial was thirty-three. Her beauty had only intensified with the passing years and many of the men sought her hand. So far, she had refused all suitors. She still had childbearing years left. The House of Vin needed an heir. Only she could provide one.
Memories of Geron tugged at his mind. What his brother's fate was, he might never know. He longed now only to get back to Marial, though he dreaded the terrible news he was bearing.
He felt the ship shudder, buffeted by wind and waves. He hoped the Morningstar could finish what it started. The carpenter's report earlier this morning was not encouraging. The planks of the ship were weakening. A bad storm might cause a hull breach. Bearl ordered the small lifeboats inspected and provisioned. It was a precaution he hoped was unnecessary.
He sat at his small writing desk and dipped the quill pen in the ink. For many hours, he wrote, recording the events of the past days in his journal. As he concluded, he looked at the porthole and saw the light was beginning to fail. A knock sounded at his door.
He looked at the door and asked, "Who is it?"
"Captain Shern, Sire."
"Come in, Captain."
The door opened and Captain Shern entered. He took off his hat, held it near his chest, and said, "The coastline is beginning to bend westwards, Sire."
"That is good news, Captain. The best I have had in several weeks."
"I thought you might like it, Sire. We have sailed east now for a couple of hours. I thought I would wait to tell you until I was sure."
"Thank you, Captain."
The captain nodded and stepped back out, leaving Bearl again to his thoughts. 

Days of sailing followed, the prow of the ship always pointing east, then southeast. The weather continued gray, windy and cold. Occasional snow showers coated the decks with a flinty, slippery coating of ice. At length, Bearl noted the coast dipped southeast.
He leaned against the rail. The clouds were breaking up and the sun made a welcome appearance. His eye swept to the south. For a moment, he thought it was a mirage. Then the cry of the lookout confirmed his eyes.
"The White Rock. I can see the white rock."
He had been right. This huge land was an island. They had circumnavigated it. They were back to their original position when they found this land. A few more days of good sailing and they would be home. A warm fire in a cottage with some hot soup loomed before his eyes. He could almost smell his sister's savory stew and taste the fruity new wine. 

More days passed, and the rocky, mountainous coast swept by, curving ever more southward as they progressed. Finally, they rounded the tip of the peninsula and the familiar twin rocks, which guarded the bay of the monster, came into view.
"We are almost home, Sire," said Captain Shern.
"Yes, in a couple of days Eris will come into view."
"We did not find a suitable home, Sire. What will we do?"
Bearl shrugged. "I don't know, Captain. I will need to consult with Marial and the others in the colony. We must leave Eris after the winter. But where we shall go, I do not know."
He watched the twin rocks fade into the distance and wondered about that huge creature which lived in that land. Then he turned his eyes forward. In a couple of days they would be home. What he would do, what he would decide, after he got there he did not know. 

Thick, gray clouds boiled on the horizon. Bearl could see the island of Eris on the horizon. It would be a race against the storm.
Captain Shern stood beside the king on the bridge, watching the approaching storm with worry in his eyes.
"I do not think the ship will stand another storm, Sire."
"I think you are right, Captain. The carpenter says the hull is weakening daily."
"The storm will strike us as day falls."
"I hope the ship doesn't fail us."
The men glanced at each other, worry painting both men's eyes.
Both men watched in dismay as the storm bore down on them. In minutes, wind and rain overcame them. The sea rose before the wind and the Morningstar danced and dipped as the waves tossed it about. The tempo of the storm increased as the winds howled. Bearl could see the hatch open and the carpenter emerge. He ran, swaying and slipping on the wet deck, to the ladder that led up to the bridge. The captain opened the door and admitted the man, who looked at Bearl and said, "The hull has given way, Sire. We cannot pump out the water fast enough. We are going to sink."
Bearl glanced at the captain. "Give the command. Lower the boats and abandon ship."
A flurry of activity exploded as the crew leapt into action. The fury of the storm whipped against them. The boats swayed and beat against the sides of the ship as they lowered them. One almost capsized, but righted at the last second. They threw the rope ladders down. Bearl noted that the ship was beginning to list, the deck careening at a crazy angle. One crewman, loosing his footing, slipped over the side and was gone.
Bearl ran to the rail and helped several crewmen over the side and on the rope ladders. He looked around and saw no one else. The last of the crewmen was climbing down to the boat. The ship was beginning to settle deeper into the water. He looked over the side. He would not need the ladder. He swung over the side and jumped.
Once in the boat, Bearl turned his eyes to the Morningstar.
"Row," he commanded. The crewmen pulled at the oars and drew the small boat away from the ship, which was threatening to pull it down with it.
With a gurgling sigh, the ship settled nose first, with just the stern of the ship sticking out. Then it was gone, leaving Bearl and his crew afloat on the angry, swirling sea.
The other boat was visible off to the side. Bearl pointed to it and shouted to the men, "Row towards that other boat."
The oars strained as the men pulled. The boat circled and, fighting wind and waves, drew closer. Captain Shern raised his arm, a coil of rope in his hand. He threw the rope, flinging it into the wind. Bearl managed to catch it and tied it to the prow of his boat. He sighed in relief. At least the lifeboats would remain together in the storm.

The storm passed as quickly as it appeared. Bearl looked towards Eris. All he could see was an empty horizon. How far did the wind drive them?
He glanced at Captain Shern in the other boat. They drew the two boats together in the failing light.
Bearl pointed in the direction that they had last seen Eris. "We must row towards that point."
Captain Shern, his face reflecting his worry in the fading light asked, "What if we miss it in the dark?"
"Then we shall have to find it in the morning."
As Bearl watched the crews of the ships begin their labor of rowing, he was not hopeful. 

She spent her days bathed in consternation and her nights wasted by sleepless worry. Marial watched the ocean, searching for any glimpse she might catch of the Morningstar. A tower now stood on the highest point of the island, constructed from stone gathered from the fields that surrounded it. Marial had asked the men of the village to build it for her, and now she occupied it, making it her home. Thrice daily, she climbed the steps outside to the observation tower and scanned the seas for the ship.
It was late in the season and the frosts had already nipped the land. The crops had been scanty. They were now stored in the granaries at the foot of the hill. She looked at the pyre she had also ordered constructed near the tower. Wood was scarce and the people grumbled. She had been insistent and they built the pyre. It awaited only a torch applied at its base and it would flare into life.
Twice already that day she had climbed the tower and scanned the empty seas. As evening gathered, she once more ascended the hill. To the west she could see a storm gathering. Immense black clouds roiled and flashed lightning and thunder rumbled across the sea. She turned to the east. Nothing.
She was about to descend when she stopped. She would take one more look, and then retire for the evening.
As her eyes searched the eastern horizon, she could see a small dark speck. It grew closer. She could make it out. It was the Morningstar.
She turned and watched the storm approach. It would strike the ship before it could gain the small harbor. She felt the first cold drops of water on her neck. She turned and gazed once more at the ship. A blast of cold air almost swept her from her feet. She retreated down the steps and went into her quarters.
She cowered in the dark as the wind blew and rain poured. The flash of lightning, followed close by the crack of thunder announced that she was now at the center of the storm.
The roar of the rain driving against the roof of her abode drowned out the sound of the beating of her terrified heart in her ears. She closed her eyes. There was no comfort in that. The image of the Morningstar, helpless against the onslaught of the storm, danced in the horrified depths of her mind. She imagined it foundering and plunging into the depths of the sea carrying her brothers to their deaths in a cold, watery grave.
The storm passed as quickly as it came. Marial stepped from her dwelling and ran up the slippery stone steps. Her eyes scanned the eastern horizon. The ship was gone.
Cries from the village below her rang out in the gathering darkness. She looked down into the village. The wind destroyed the granaries and the valuable grain strewn over the stony ground. She descended the steps and ran to the granaries. She helped try to rescue what she could of the grain as the rainwater carried it down to the stream and away.
They worked feverishly in the failing light. By torchlight, the people plucked the grain from the ground and out of the rushing waters.
At length, Marial said, "We have gotten all we will get."
She looked at the small piles of wet grain in the dim light of the torches. They were lucky to have saved less than a quarter of the grain. The waters swept the rest away.
She sat on a stone from the ruined wall of the granary. The hard work of the summer was lost. Half their food stores were gone, swept away by the storm. Her mind flashed. The Morningstar.
She ran back up the hill and ascended the tower. The blackness of the surrounding seas overwhelmed her. If the ship were near, she would see a light of some kind from its decks. There was nothing.
Despair shook her to the core of her soul.
What if they were lost?
She pulled herself from her fear. The pyre.
She cried out as she ran back down the hill, "The pyre, we must light the pyre."
One man looked at her, questions in his eyes.
"I saw the Morningstar before the storm hit. Now it is gone, driven off by the storm. They may be searching in the dark for the island. We must light the pyre."
With a shout, the man, followed by others, ran up the hill. They applied the flames of the torches to the base of the pyre. For a moment, the pyre flickered. The pitch-covered pieces at the base caught fire.
The flames arose through the pyre. Soon they were dancing, casting long plumes of flickering, snapping sparks into the dark air.
Marial watched the flames lick the sky. They drew more faggots from the storage bin in the tower and tossed them on. She watched long into the night, hearing only the crackle of the fire and the roar of the relentless sea. Fear nibbled at her innards. Would she ever see her brothers again? 

Bearl strained against the oars, pulling hard, fighting against the rigors of wind and sea. They could not even be sure that they were pulling in the right direction, so confused were they by the storm. A blanket of clouds, obscuring the Guide Star from their eyes, covered the stars.
The man he spelled indicated he was ready to take the oars again. Bearl slid away from the seat, holding the oars until the man repositioned himself. Then Bearl took his place at the rear of the boat to watch and rest to spell another man. His eyes scanned the horizon. Blackness surrounded them.
Despair bit at him. Where were they? How far from Eris? Were they even going in the right direction?
It was then he could see a glow off to the right of him. He could see a bright light dancing on the horizon.
He called out, "I see a signal fire. It is off to the left."
Captain Shern, whose boat was close by, said, "I see it. Do you think it is Eris?"
"It must be," said Bearl. "Marial must have seen us. She is signaling us. Turn the boat and head towards that glow."
"I hope you are right."
Bearl exhorted the men to row harder, taking the oars himself from the nearest man to him.
He could hear the voice of Captain Shern as it rose above the sea, "We are getting closer, Bearl. It is Eris. I am sure of it."
Hands bled from the oars' friction, but the men did not stop their efforts. The night passed and they grew closer. By dawn, they could see the buildings of the village as they drew near the shore. Bearl, now standing at the stern of the boat, could see Marial. She was waving her hands and shouting in joy, at the fore of the group of villagers that awaited their landing in the morning light.
First one boat, then the other, hit the shore. There was laughing and embracing and kissing as wives and sweethearts reunited with their men.
Bearl and Marial embraced, and Marial's laughter lit up the morning.
At length she let go of Bearl and scanned the crowded beach.
"Where is Geron?"
Bearl laid his hands on her shoulders and peered into her eyes.
"Geron was lost, Marial."
"Lost? Is he dead?'
"I don't know, Marial."
Bearl recounted the incident that led to Geron's disappearance.
She shook her head at the close of the tale. "He is not dead, Bearl."
"How do you know, Marial?"
Her eyes met his. "If he were dead, I would know it. His spirit would have brushed mine."
"I hope you are right, Marial. But if he is still alive, we may never see him again. That evil land has swallowed him."
Together they walked back to the village. Marial's thoughts were dark. There were more tales to tell. They were hard, evil tales for hard, evil times. Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents





Discovered

Banks of white clouds fled before the winds in the blue late autumn skies. Bearl kicked at the rocky, washed out soil with his booted foot.
"It appears that the storm did more than destroy half our food and sink our ship."
Marial stooped and picked up a rock and inspected it with critical eyes. "We will not grow much grain or vegetables in this."
The two surveyed what had been their fields. "What topsoil there was has washed away, Marial. We cannot plant another crop in this rocky soil."
"What shall we do, Bearl?"
Bearl began walking back towards Marial's home and Marial strode beside him.
"We shall have to move to the mainland, Marial. We cannot stay here for another season."
"Winter is coming on, Bearl. The ship is gone. We have only your two boats and the two that you left us."
"Each boat will hold about thirty people and some supplies, including a twelve man crew to row and for relief. We will have to move to the mainland in stages."
"That old village is not safe, Bearl. Geron saw Gwaum there. Our hunters have found signs of parties like the one that took Geron."
"Geron had three hunting camps high in the mountains. They are well hidden and can serve as sanctuaries for us."
Marial frowned. "That means we will have to split the colony. We will become like the remnants of people left in that world, small hunted groups afraid to see the next day."
"I see no other alternative, Marial. We still have time to start before winter sets in. I think the first group will go tomorrow."
"Will you accompany it?"
"Yes, Marial. I must go with the first group. After we have killed some game, I will send the boats back one at a time. You must choose the weather well when you send them back. We will place only small portions of our seed and grain on each boat and the shipments spread out over several weeks. If misfortune strikes one of the boats, we will not loose everything."
"I don't like it Bearl. The voyage by boat to the mainland takes a whole day in these small boats and is fraught with danger."
"I don't like it either; Marial, but I don't see any other solution."
"Nor do I, Bearl. We are in a tight situation."
The two ascended to the tower and looked towards the mainland. Autumn painted the trees with her pastel colors, reflected in the blue sea. Clouds danced by the mountaintops, which pierced the blue sky with pinnacles of green, orange, yellow and gray.
"It is a beautiful land, Bearl."
"It is beautiful and deadly, Marial. It might have been better if we had never left our homeland."
Marial turned towards Bearl and took his hands with hers.
"You know that is not true, Bearl. Our homeland is now in the hands of the barbarians. You and Geron would be dead, your skulls decorating a barbarian pike. If still alive, that awful barbarian king would have forced me to marry him and have his babies. This is better than that, Bearl. At least you and Geron are alive and our people are free."
"We do not know that Geron is alive."
"I do not think he is dead, Bearl. He is alive. If he is alive there is hope."
Bearl smiled the first smile he smiled in months.
"You are always the hopeful one, Marial. Listening to you, I get the feeling that all this will still turn out good."
"It will, Bearl. We just cannot lose hope."
"You saved my life, Marial. You saved the lives of all those men who were with me. We were going the wrong direction. We would have missed the island and perished at sea."
"It wasn't just me, Bearl. The men of the village cut the wood and piled it. They pressed the oil we used to ignite the flames. Many people grumbled at what they saw as a waste of resources. But I knew you would return and may need the beacon."
Bearl smiled again. "We did need it. We will maintain that pyre as long as any people remain here. Your home will be known as Marial's Tower and will always be a place of hope for our people."
"We have hope, Bearl. You have led us away from certain death to a place in which we can live. As long as we live, there is hope."
Bearl turned again to gaze at the mainland. He did see hope there, in those towering, terrible mountains. Hope and disaster both awaited them. It just depended on how things played out. 

A wintry wind cut across the waves raising whitecaps on the waters. Bearl stood on the shore, waiting and watching. It was growing dark. He eyed the wood piled by the sea. If she didn't come soon, he would have to light the beacon. He did not want to light the beacon. Other eyes watched in this land.
A black dot appeared. It was the last boat bearing his sister. The boat was heading right for him. Gladness rose in him, as it had been weeks since he saw her. As darkness fell, the dot grew bigger as the little boat wended its way through the waves. It was close enough for him to see her face and the smile as she saw him standing there, waiting.
The wave came out of nowhere. It smacked the small boat amidships and it disappeared under the cold, foamy water.
Bearl watched, horror engulfing his soul. He saw people emerge from the frigid water. Many began swimming towards the shore, just yards away. Marial could not swim. Bearl ran to the edge of the sea, feeling its cold water lapping at his boots.
There, her head surfaced. She was clawing at the air, fighting for her life.
No one else was near her, no one else saw her. Bearl plunged into the icy water and felt his breath almost pulled from his body. In a few strokes he closed in on the spot he had seen her, but she had disappeared beneath the waves. Bearl took a breath and dove under the water. In the inky water he could see nothing. Then he saw a brief vision of her dark hair, floating free in the water. He reached for it and pulled. It was she.
He gripped the hair and began swimming for the shore. As he felt the ground under his feet, he paused and reached for her with his other hand. He circled her now limp body with his arm and pulled her towards the shore, emerging wet and shivering into the cold, biting wind.
He lay her down. Her face was white and eyes closed.
He knelt over her, pressing his lips close to her ears. "Marial."
He placed his hands on her chest and pressed. Water gushed from her mouth. He pressed again. More water, but she did not respond.
"Marial, come back to me. You can't leave me," he said as he pushed again.
This time Marial coughed. More water dribbled from her mouth and her eyes opened.
She was shivering with the cold. He arose and picked her up. He carried her to the hunting camp high in the mountains. The women took her, undressed her and wrapped her in a blanket as Bearl changed into dry clothing. The other survivors from the boat gathered around the fire in the cabin, eating hot stew and drinking hot tea. This pleased Bearl. No one had drowned, though the last of the grain and other supplies were lost.

He glanced at his sister. She was the most valuable thing in the world left to him and she was still safe. The cold wind had brought snow with it and it was piling up in the mountains around them now. Bearl was as satisfied as he could be. All of the people were now safe on the mainland. They had started to clear some level spots in the valleys. The hunting parties had been successful and the remaining grain and seed safely secured.
They would be secure here until spring. His thoughts moved to the other two camps, also high in the mountains. He had just come from the East Camp yesterday. They were in good shape also. Captain Shern was the leader of that camp. He had another two cabins built and was planning a third. Bearl's men had built two cabins, also, between hunting and clearing fields. Tomorrow, if the snows weren't too deep, he would visit the North Camp. He hadn't been there in a few days, and wanted to check in on them before winter prevented travel of any kind.
A beating upon the door interrupted his reverie. Bearl glanced around the crowd gathered around the fire. He signaled two of the men, who got up and moved to each side of the door. Bearl, gripping his sword, walked to the door and opened it.
He glanced a moment at the figure standing in the door.
Their secret haven was no longer secret.
Back to Promise of the White Rock Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents
Map of Island World




A. E. Mableson
Tale of the White Rock
Book 4 - The Covenant
Gwaum Foiled
Raiders
Turson and Sali
The Peril of Geron
Geron Plots
Escape
Return
Abduction of Marial
Contact
Arii’s Vision
Arii Goes Into Danger
The Storm Begins
Triumphant
The Covenant
Gwaum’s Fortress
The Monster Sleeps




Gwaum Foiled

His guards lay dead, scattered about the prison and the building used as their headquarters. The prisoners had escaped. Gwaum turned towards the city that in his rage, he had destroyed. If there were humans still hiding there, they would be dead now. The city was useless as a hiding place.
His rage still burning, he strode along the road towards the mountains that towered in the distance. He would have to start over.
It did not take him long to reach his road through the mountains. He paused again to study the White Rock. Still, he had no time to conquer its defiance.
He followed his road to its terminus, in the northern reaches of what had been the Kingdom of Torne. As he looked south, along the river valley which formed this land’s heartland, he hesitated. He had hunted this land heavily, depleting the population. The remaining humans were hiding from him and were difficult to find. He would spend most of his time here; in this world, he detested hunting for food, instead of in his beautiful land.
He turned his eyes west, towards that mountain which lay at the center of Island World. That way, he must take that path. There were roads there that led to all corners of Island World. Some of these lands he had not hunted recently. The humans there would be becoming careless.
As he strode along, his heavy footsteps knocking loose boulders from their roosts, his mind was active. A plan began to form.
By now, the object of his quest was before him, the Mountain of Seven Rivers, the gateway to Island World. His feet began ascending the mountain. He soon stood upon its peak.
Many lands of many humans lay open to his gaze. Seven rivers sprang from the roots of this mountain, seven rivers flowing through seven lands. North lay the land of ice. It had been many years since he had taken that path. That land he devastated long ago, destroying the main city and the boats that lined the piers. The population would have recovered in that time.
It was late spring, and the sun would be warming those frigid lands. The people there would be coming out from their winter hiding places in the mountains. They would need to grow food, hunt and fish. They would be vulnerable. His hunger bit at his innards. He must feed soon.
His footsteps soon brought him to a small clearing. A cottage stood at the rear of the clearing and a man was hoeing weeds in a small plot in front of it. Gwaum's hunger rose. Here was food. He hesitated for a moment. There were other humans here, crouching in the brush and trees at the edge of the clearing. He searched the minds of these humans and divined their intentions. Anticipation rose through his body. He had found his first slaves. 

Nath Jaro peered through the bushes as he watched the cottage. He raised his hand in signal to his brother Curn who waited on the other side of the clearing. Five more men crouched, waiting for his signal to rush the occupants. The man would die first, leaving his wife and two daughters vulnerable. Nath knew there would be little in the way of treasure in such a modest cottage. The three women and the food the cottage held were their targets.
For several days, the small group of vagabonds had watched the cottage. There were few visitors. Only the one foolish man who dared to dwell in a solitary cottage in this dangerous land. Most of the inhabitants banded together in groups. These groups were small enough to evade Gwaum, but large enough to protect themselves from the bands of brigands. These villains roamed the countryside, raping and pillaging for food and treasure.
Nath, the leader of one of these bands, waited until the man turned his back and then he raised his hand to signal. He paused as he sensed something behind him. He turned to see Gwaum towering above him. Nath's feet wanted to flee but something else held him in place.
Gwaum stepped forward, his eye boring into Nath's eyes. Nath felt another presence in his head. He tried to resist but could not. Terror raced through him like a lightning bolt. He dropped to his knees and then to all fours. He felt himself bowing to Gwaum.
Words formed in his head. "You are now my servant. I am your master. You and your men will serve me or die."
Nath rolled on the ground and groveled, saliva drooling from the corners of his mouth.
The words continued. "You may have the food and whatever treasures are in the house. You may use the women any way that you wish. You will not kill them, or the man in the field."
Nath felt the grip on his mind loosen. He looked up. "Thank you, master, for allowing me to live," he said. "I will do as you wish. What of my brother and the others?"
"They belong to me now, also. Now, complete your raid, but do not kill any of the people. I have my own needs and they will satisfy them."
Nath felt repulsed by Gwaum. It was true that they would have killed all the cottage's inhabitants eventually. They would have kept the women alive for a while, to serve their own carnal pleasures. Nath knew that Gwaum fed on humans and even to a vile man like himself that seemed wrong. He looked again at Gwaum. He found that now he was not his own master. Gwaum controlled him.
Nath returned to his position. The man had moved closer to him and still had his back to them. He raised his hand and whistled.
The group of men rushed from the bushes. Three went into the house. Nath tackled the man, driving his head into the ground. Curn ran up and held his dagger high, ready to bring it down on the man's throat.
"Stop," said Nath. "Do not kill him."
Curn stopped and looked at Nath.
"Our plans have changed. Do not kill him. Tie his hands and feet."
Curn cut the man's shirt off and used it to tie him up. He looked up and glanced towards the house.
The screams of the women filled the morning air as the men brought them outside. The bound their hands and pushed them to the ground.
Nath ran to the men and cried, "Stop. Things have changed."
It was at that moment Gwaum stepped into the clearing. Then Curn retreated from the man he held a prisoner.
Nath shouted to his men, "Don't run. He will not harm us. We are now his servants."
"You might be," said one of his men. "I will not serve such as him." The man started to run but Gwaum caught up with him. He grabbed the man, picked him up and dropped him into his mouth.
"You said that my men would not be harmed," said Nath.
"Let that man serve as an example," said Gwaum "Obey me and you will be safe. Defy me and you will die."
Curn glanced at his brother. "What is happening here?"
"Gwaum is now our master. We are to do his bidding."
"I will not do as that thing says."
Gwaum approached Curn. His eye drilled into Curn's eyes. The man's mouth flew open and his eyes glazed. He dropped face down on the ground and writhed, drool foaming from his lips. Gwaum finished with him and moved on to the next man, then the next and the next. The last two of Nath's group glanced at each other and then at their drooling, writhing compatriots who groveled on the ground. They turned and started to run. Gwaum caught them easily, eating them one at a time.
The bound women were screaming and trying to wrestle free from their bonds. The man managed to break the band of fabric that bound his hands and started trying to loosen his feet. Gwaum walked to him, picked him up by the ankles, held him high over his mouth and dropped him in.
He looked at Nath. "I have not fed for many days. My hunger is now sated. You men will hunt for me now. You will find the hidden settlements and raid them. The women, treasure and food that you want to keep you may keep."
Nath raised his voice in protest. "We are not strong enough to raid the settlements. Most have many men."
"Then you will capture more men and they will serve me. When your numbers are sufficient, you will attack the larger settlements. The men and women you do not want are mine."
The possibilities of their new situation dawned upon both Nath and Curn. Their eyes met, and then both looked at Gwaum. "You want us to form an army for you?"
Gwaum smiled. "You will hunt for me and accumulate all the things men want. You will supply me with food. The people fear me and hide from me. You know the people's ways and can find them for me. You will hunt all over Island World, bringing food back to my land."
"We will be warrior kings."
"Kings you will not be. You will be subject to me, but you will have your realm."
"Where will this realm be?"
"I have the beginnings of a city which you will complete. I have need of your skills as hunters and raiders. You have need of my help. Together we can rule Island World."
Nath's eyes sought his brother's, and then focused on Gwaum. "We are hunters, not builders. We cannot build a city."
"You will not want for slaves to do the work. You will have slaves and I will have food."
"Where is this city?"
"It is in the old land of Napoli, where I have my abode."
"That land is a wasteland. We cannot live there."
"I will set a portion of the land aside to serve the needs of yourselves and your companions."
"Why can't we build this city here?"
Gwaum spat. "I will not live in this repulsive land. I cannot destroy it as I have Napoli. Humans are my food and these lands west of the Ice Mountains I will keep as habitat for humans to live. At least until my plans are complete and all men are under my dominion."
Curn opened his mouth to say something, but Gwaum muted him with a gesture of his hand.
"We have finished talking. You know what I want. Enjoy your captives, and then we will make plans."
Gwaum, now well fed, moved off into the forest, with a feeling is satisfaction. His plans were under way.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Raiders

Using a stick to draw in earth scuffed clean with the heel of his boot Nath drew a diagram of the village that lay in the hidden valley below them. He pointed to the small stockade that occupied the center of the village. His face was grim.
"We have been working here for a year and the people have become wary," he said as he addressed the group of men who surrounded him. "Even at night they watch. Everyone is sleeping in this stockade and there are guards posted in the forests above the town."
"We have located their lookout posts," said Curn, as he joined his brother at the center of the circle. "The moon is asleep tonight and it will be dark. We will kill their lookouts first. You will take up your positions and kill the lookouts at my signal. Is this understood?"
A grunt of assent arose from the group.
"When we have killed the sentries we will descend into the town using their buildings as cover." Nath indicated one corner of the stockade. "The stream runs close to this corner. Nath, four others, and I will come up the streambed and approach the stockade from the brush that lines the stream. Each of us will be carrying a bundle of firewood on our backs. We will place this firewood at the base of the stockade and pour oil on the timbers. Then we will light the wood."
At this, he again studied the faces of his fellow Raiders. "The stockade will burn quickly. Those of you with the fire arrows supplied by Gwaum will then shoot them into the stockade. This will set some of the buildings inside on fire. The fire will create panic among the people inside. Most of the guards along the palisade and in the tower will desert their posts to go to fight the fire."
His eyes scanned the faces of his men.
"When the fire breaks out, the people will try to escape through the main gate. We will be waiting for them. Are there any questions?"
Silence met his ears.
"All right, then everyone gets some sleep. We will have a busy night."
The brothers watched as the group dissolved. Curn glanced at Nath. "Do you think it will go that smooth?"
Nath shrugged. "This is our first big raid. We will rain here no more for a while as the population is watchful as the rumor of us grows."
"We should not need to attack again. This is a sizable village and should provide all the prisoners Gwaum wants for now."
"We will still have to get them to this city he talks about. It is a long journey to take with so many captives."
"That is a worry for tomorrow, brother. Now we should rest until tonight. Everything is ready."
The brothers moved off to their sleeping quarters in the brush and the day passed. The people in the village below them enjoyed the last happy day they would ever know. 

The night of terror began with a fire at the corner of the stockade. Sentries in the towers cried out the alarm and the people arose. The night sky lit up with a rain of fire, and buildings caught fire. Smoke, screams and crackling sparks filled the air. Confusion reigned. The inhabitants made a rush for the main gates that they thrust open and ran out into the night. Their terror grew as the armed men of Curn and Nath surrounded them.
Some of the men tried to fight, but the raiders cut them down, then bound the survivors in their nightclothes and sacked the town. By morning, it was over. Gwaum had his captives and the Raiders their loot and allotment of women.
Nath fondled the naked woman who lay bound on the ground in front of him. Her face, dirty and framed by her disheveled hair, spat hate and fear at him.
"We have over fifty prisoners, Curn," he said. "This will please Gwaum."
"There was also a nice take of gold and silver coin in the houses. We have done well in our first raid."
"What is next, Nath?"
"We let the men enjoy their new toys." At this, he again fondled the bound woman. "Tomorrow we must start the journey south to this road Gwaum speaks of."
"It will take many days to get there."
"The prisoners will bear food, and there will be water along the way."
"We will have to stick to the mountains and avoid the desert."
"That is the plan."
"I think, Nath, I am going to enjoy my new toy for the rest of the day. Tomorrow begins a long journey. We will have little time to play."
Nath smiled. "I agree, brother. This one is a hellcat. In a few days, she will have lost her spirit from exhaustion and short rations."
"They all will, brother." 

Days passed as the pathetic procession made their way south. Gwaum visited periodically to feed and converse with the brothers. The feeling of terror grew among the prisoners. Gwaum forbade conversation during the long day marches and at night, they collapsed into an exhausted sleep. Each in their minds wondered at their fate. They were driving them south through strange lands to a fate they could only guess at. The frequent visits by Gwaum impressed upon them the nature of their future. Each foresaw a future filled with horror and death.
Nath was the first to see it as they drove the now diminished procession up the mountain.
He pointed and said, "That is it, Curn. The Road of Terror."
Curn's eyes examined the road, built from rubble of the mountains that spanned the valleys between them.
He turned to look at the prisoners, whose eyes bore their despair. To them, and those who would come after, this road would become the Road of Terror. It was a road into a land of horror and death from which there would be no escape. 

They needed many more days to drive the prisoners to Gwaum's city.
"This is a barren, hard land, Curn," said Nath as he surveyed the scene before him.
"Gwaum seems to like it well enough. I should not like to dwell here long. This red dust," at this Nath kicked at the ground with a booted foot, raising a cloud of red, "stinks and clogs the lungs."
"I will look forward to our hunting trips, Curn."
"I shall also. It may be that we will have to venture forth soon. Gwaum ate many of the prisoners on the way and some died in this desolate land."
"We will have to establish a small post in that village at the head of the road. We will need food and water stockpiled there to supply the prisoners before the long march to this place."
"I agree, Nath. There should also be food and water caches established along that road. The prisoners cannot carry enough to last for the march."
"We will have to take that up with him after he has fed and had time to enjoy himself here. He was getting testy towards the end."
The brothers and their men finished securing the prisoners in the prison Gwaum constructed. They then spent the next few days preparing for another foray into Island World. 

Years melted away and Gwaum's city grew. Nath and Curn conducted many raids into Island World, where the rumor of their presence created terror. There was no one to oppose them. Gwaum’s frequent visits to that sorry land made sure of that. 

At his signal, the guard opened the prison door. He entered. The humans ran from him, their shrieks filled his ears. One was a bit slower to run, and Gwaum reached towards the woman, who tripped and fell. A baby cried in her arms. Gwaum paused. These babies took a long time to mature. Many years would pass before they were big enough to serve as a meal. They were tender, though, and their meat was sweet.
The woman was scooting along the ground, using her feet to propel her along as her screaming eyes watched as Gwaum made his decision.
These people were breeding. There were many babies on the way. Gwaum especially liked the ones with babies still inside them. The prisoners, fearing his intentions, had refused to breed. However, the guards and Raiders relished breeding with the prisoners. Many of the women became pregnant. Gwaum drew back his hand. For now, he would let this one alone.
Instead, he strode to the wall, where dozens of prisoners lined up, crying and screaming. It seemed they never got used to his habits. He chose a young man, grabbed him by the ankles, suspended him above his maw and dropped the screaming man in.
He left the prison, his hunger assuaged.
His plans were complete. The accomplishment created a warm glow of satisfaction. He had managed to establish a breeding colony of these humans. His band of hunters roamed the environs of Island world, bringing back prisoners. He now had more than enough to eat. He no longer needed to hunt.
The object of his other search surfaced in his mind. None of the prisoners brought back satisfied his requirements. All were wizards of lesser orders and these did not fulfill his needs.
He turned back towards the prison. It was time to begin that other hunt. However, that might mean several days without feeding. People on the outside were wary and scarce and fled at the mere rumor of him or his raiders. He returned to the prison, chose two more humans and fed. Now he was ready.

Again, he stood at the terminus of his road. He looked south into the land of Cleery. For many years he had neglected this land, allowing it to recover. The people who escaped him many years ago came from this land. Possibly this is where they returned. Perhaps they now felt secure.
He had sent his Raiders into other lands, seeking prey. None had come here. He sensed a presence in this land. A wizard dwelt here, one of those that he needed.
The road beckoned him. His feet were soon on it, traveling south into the heart of Cleery. He sensed humans fleeing from him. He didn’t need to feed. Not yet. However, he knew that when he did, this land had recovered enough to allow him to find prey.
In the distance, he could see the remains of a small village. He strode through it, and smelled the ocean. He was approaching the sea. The wizard was near. He could feel him. He stopped. He did not want this wizard to see him. He did not want to allow him to have time to prepare for mortal combat.
He entered the forest and crept among the trees. The pull of the wizard was stronger and stronger. He emerged from the forest into a clearing. A house stood at the far edge of that clearing, the bay of the ruined city sparkling in the sun beyond the house. Four people stood behind the cottage. There were two female humans and two males. Only one of the males interested him. He could feel the power of that wizard. He stepped forward, extending his hand towards him. The wizard extended his wand. Little did Gwaum care about the magic this one wizard might possess. He was powerful enough to withstand any wizard that might choose to fight against him.
A flash of fire blinded him. His eye burned. He stepped back, grasped a tree and threw it down. He could not see. He turned towards the sounds of screaming. That wizard, he must have that wizard.
The wizard had burned his eye, but he could still feel him in front of him, pinned under the tree he had toppled. The other male was facing him. He felt a power in that one, also. However, the power was not mature. It would not do. He reached for the pinned one. He was just about in his grasp when he became aware of a circling wind. The wind grew in intensity. He stepped back, and straightened up. A cloud of dust swirled around him. He felt it lifting him in the air.
He, the mighty Gwaum, held helpless by a wind. He fought to escape its power. The ground drew away from his feet. The humans grew smaller and smaller as he went higher and higher. It was blowing him east, back into his land. The wind stopped. His body dropped and hit the earth. The ground trembled.
Long Gwaum lay, healing his hurts. His burned eye healed, as did his body. Anger burned within him. For many years that land had escaped his Raiders. He had allowed it to heal. Now, that would change.
After many days, he was able to stand. He returned to the prison and fed. One of his Raider groups was returning laden with prisoners and booty. He watched they herded the prisoners into the prison. He would allow these men to rest and play with the victims of their choice.
Gwaum required more time to heal. He would stay here and rest and feed. There was plenty of food. When these hunters were ready, he would send them back into that land. The inhabitants of that land would pay for his humiliation. Then he, Gwaum, would return. He would find and consume that wizard. When he did, his power would be complete
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Turson and Sali

Turson stood in the door of the log cabin that served as he and Sali's home. He remembered that day, over twenty years before, when he and his frightened group of refugees had entered Cleery Bay. It had been a rainy, cold day. They sailed past the ruined city, believing it to be a focus for Gwaum when he returned. They had sailed into a small cove. A tiny village at one time occupied a bluff over the stream that emptied into the cove. Some of the buildings still stood, the abandoned fields of the village lying in a valley below the town.
They shunned this site also, as they felt any formerly settled site was too conspicuous. They wanted a new spot, hidden, yet close to the river. They sank the boat in the river and crept up the road that overlooked the river at night to escape detection. 
They searched the surrounding hills and valleys near the river. They decided upon a hidden valley far up in the hills. They had built their compact, secure houses into the side of the hills, camouflaged at need by brush cut and kept at the ready nearby. They raised their vegetable and grains on scattered plots in the hills and hidden meadows. They traveled the roads only at night, not wishing any of the nearby residents to detect them.
Five children Sali bore Turson, one set of twins and three others. Senn, the oldest, was now over twenty years old. He had shunned marrying, as did his twin sister Senneel. Children they would not have. Not in a world dominated by Gwaum.
Senn lived near, in a small cabin of his own construction. He hunted and kept a small garden. He and Turson enjoyed hunting the hills together.
A sound from the forest drew Turson's attention. It was the sound of running footsteps. Senn emerged from the forest. A single word escaped from Senn’s lips. It was a word that sent a shiver of terror through Turson’s body.
“Gwaum.”
Turson waited until his son stood before him. Then he asked, “Where?”
“I was hunting in the high country when I saw him on the road. He left the road, entered the forest and began climbing into the hills. I followed him long enough to see that he was not coming here.”
“Where is he going?”
Senn pointed. “He is heading to that group of uninhabited cottages on the road above Cleery.”
“Why would he be heading up there? No one lives there.”
“Remember the rumors we have heard of a healer living in that area.”
"If there is a healer living there, then she is in danger. We should seek her out and warn her."
Sali looked out of the window, saw Senn and emerged from the cottage wiping her hands on her apron, followed by Senneel. The yeasty smell of leavening bread clung to her as she smiled at Senn.
"Good afternoon, Senn." She embraced her son, as did Senneel. "I am baking bread. The first loaves will be ready soon. You should stay and enjoy fresh bread and ale."
"I just saw Gwaum in the forest, mother. He was headed toward those deserted cabins on the road above Cleery."
"That is not so far away," said Sali, her face reflecting her fear.
"He will find no one there to eat," said Turson. "Let's hope he does not turn his steps this way."
Sali glanced at Turson. "Perhaps you should pull the brush piles we keep ready in front of our cottage. We should go inside and hide."
Before Turson could answer, an unholy roar thundered across the forest. They glanced towards the sky towards the sound. An amazing sight met their eyes. The figure of Gwaum appeared floating above the earth, rising fast, borne on the wings of the wind. He was flailing with his arms and roaring as he ascended. Higher and higher he rose until only a black dot was visible, veering away to the east. The dot, for one moment, stayed still in the sky.
The dot fell and disappeared. The monster was gone. 

News of the downfall of Gwaum spread among the people of Torne.
“The monster is dead,” was on many tongues in the days and weeks after the encounter.
Many of the inhabitants threw off their caution. Some began to reclaim the villages their ancestors had abandoned so many years before. Turson and Sali were not so sure about this.
“Gwaum is powerful,” Turson said to Sali and Senn, as the family gathered one summer evening. “I do not believe that he is dead.
“I don’t believe he is dead, either,” said Sali. “None of us who escaped him believe that. Those who believe that and now choose to live in the villages are taking foolish chances.”
Senn stood and placed a log on the fire that blazed in the center of their gathering. He felt the warmth of the fire on his face. “The people are getting tired of living in fear and hiding.”
“I fear something bad is about to happen,” said Turson. “Gwaum will be angry. He will strike back. I fear that he will make us suffer for his humiliation.”
“I hope you are wrong, but I fear you are right,” said Sali. “It is getting late, and I am tired.”
She stood and walked into their cabin. Turson stood, and saying nothing, followed her.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Peril of Geron

He awoke to find an unfamiliar face peering down into his. The man glanced away and spoke words that Geron could not understand. A sword was thrust into his face, then withdrawn and what seemed like a command shouted at him. Geron sat up. Two men moved to hold his arms. Geron reached for his sword and found his scabbard was empty. The sword now pressed against his throat. He allowed the men to bind his hands behind him. They pulled him to his feet and propelled to his men, also bound and sitting cross-legged on the ground. The man released him and he sat down among his fellows.
He leaned towards Fawl Mern, one of his companions, and said, "How long was I unconscious?"
"Not long, an hour, perhaps."
A sword thrust against Geron's throat stifled further conversation. Geron's eyes studied their captors who were in consultation among themselves. Frequent glances their way indicated that Geron and his companions were the subject of the conversation.
Geron had counted only four men, besides himself, in the circle. They must have killed the others in the ambush. He berated himself for allowing these men to trap him in the chasm. There had been no sign that anyone was following them, it was true. Still, there was no reason for him to have left his guard down in this mysterious land.
Geron glanced again at their captors. In the twenty years of exploring this land, they had met no one. It was sore luck that their first encounter was a disastrous one.
Shadows were lengthening and Geron knew that it would soon be night. Bearl would await their return. If they hadn't returned by morning, Geron was sure that Bearl would send out a rescue mission. He was sure these men would not stay here in the chasm. These men were planning to move out soon. Geron had to find some means of delaying them until Bearl would come. 

"He has awakened, Nath. What shall we do?"
Nath glanced at the darkening skies. "We cannot take these men along with us as we gather food for Gwaum. They are much too dangerous."
"We can't stay here. The men in that ship will miss these men and seek to rescue them."
"We will outnumber any rescue party they can send, Curn."
Nath glanced at the captives. "These are not the type of people we usually hunt, Nath. These men are warriors, as are the men who will come looking for them."
"We could ambush them, like we did these and take them all."
"We lost six men in the fight, Nath. We would have lost more if not for the fact we surprised them. We will not have that advantage with this second group. They will be expecting trouble."
Nath mulled these facts over. "We will rest for a few hours. Before dawn, we will move out."
"Where should we go, Nath?"
Nath's eyes scanned the captives again. "We will take them to Caracolla. There are stone cottages there we can use to imprison them in."
"We should take them back to Gwaum, Nath. He will want to study them, as well as these weapons." Curn picked up one of the swords taken from one of the captives. "These are good quality. There has been nothing like them forged since before Gwaum."
"No folk like that has existed since before him, either. I wonder whence they have come."
Nath's eyes followed his brother's, scanning the captives. "We have observed signs of habitation on that island off shore of Torne. We have found signs of habitation and hunting near Mye. Perhaps these people and those are the same."
"They do have a ship. We saw that much. They had to come from somewhere else. They are not from Island World, that much I will guess."
"Gwaum will extract from them information that which we can only guess."
Nath glanced at his brother and asked, "Do you want to take them to Gwaum?"
Curn shook his head. "I do not want to go back to Gwaum without a supply of more slaves."
Nath glanced at the depleted number of Raiders. "We have lost six men, Curn. It will take more to guard these captives. We will have to hunt with a reduced number of men."
"We must gather some captives, Nath. We cannot go back empty-handed."
"We have these men, Curn."
"Gwaum may not want to eat them, Nath. He may wish to convert them into Raiders."
Fear entered Nath's eyes. "These are better men than us, Curn. Gwaum may, after he converts them, wish to supplant us with them."
Again, Curn glanced at the captives. "I didn't think of that, Nath. It is a possibility. Perhaps we should kill them. Gwaum would not have to know about them."
"They killed six of us, Curn. Gwaum will want to know what happened."
Curn again looked at the captives. "We will take them to Caracolla and imprison them while we think about what we should do. Once we have them imprisoned, we will only need to leave two or three guards. If we have the full complement of captives for Gwaum, in addition to these men, Gwaum will look on us with favor."
With a shrug, Nath said, "I hope you are right, Curn. I think we should set watches and allow the men to rest. Tomorrow we will have to keep on the move. It is a long march to Caracolla."
Curn agreed and the Raiders spent an uneasy night. 

Geron watched as their captors went to sleep. He studied the man who was to stand guard over them. Darkness obscured the man's face as he sat facing his charges. Geron waited. He knew by the looks of his captors that the fight had exhausted them. After a time, he knew by the slow, steady breathing of the guard that he was asleep. He nudged Fawl, who grunted his understanding. Their captors had not bound their feet. After writhing a bit, Geron and his men managed to stand. He longed to slay these men, but his hands were bound, so as quiet as he could he and his men managed to creep among the sleeping Raiders.
They picked their path along the starlit path of the chasm. They were almost away, when a rock, kicked by a misguided foot, clattered along the stony path. A shout arose in the camp of their captors.
"Run as best you can," cried Geron. Headlong he ran, with the sounds of pursuit close behind.
Running as fast as he could, Geron plunged headlong into the darkness. One by one, he heard his men behind him recaptured. Geron was a swift runner, but was at a disadvantage with his hands bound. He could hear the pursuit coming closer and closer. His foot caught a rock, tripping him. He plunged forward and felt himself falling into a crevice in the rock. Bloodied and bruised he lay at the bottom. He listened to the pursuit of feet over his head, and then the sounds of searching in the darkness as his captors sought him.
Muffled conversation in a language he did not understand rippled across the chasm. There was hope. They could not find him.
Geron lay, hoping that the pounding of his heart did not betray him to his pursuers. Escape he could not hope for, only to delay these men until Bearl could mount a rescue. Geron knew that hope was all he now had. 

Nath kicked the last fugitive they had regained in frustration, as he lay helpless on the ground.
"One has escaped, Curn. We have to find him."
"The night has swallowed him, but I don't think he has gotten far."
"How can you know that?"
"We did not hear his footsteps. His hands are bound. He is near, but hiding. When light comes we will find him."
"When light comes, men from his ship will come. We must be far from here when that happens."
"We will find him, Nath."
"We must find him. If he carries knowledge of us back to his people who knows what they will do."
"They cannot defy Gwaum."
"Nath glanced at his brother.” Do you not think that Gwaum would sacrifice to get them if he desired them? He would use us to gain those warriors. With their strength, he would rule Island World."
"That is all the more reason that we should slay these men, Curn. We cannot allow Gwaum to possess them or even know of their existence."
Nath thought this over. "It is possible you are right, but I don't want to kill them just yet. We may have a use for them."
"What could that be? These men are dangerous. They have just proven that."
Nath glanced at the brightening sky. "We will discuss this later. We must move before the sun comes up."
"What about the missing one?"
"We will have to leave him. We do not have time to hunt him down."
"He will warn those men on the ship about us."
"What if he does? They will not follow us into the desert. If they do, we know the desert, they do not."
Curn did not reply. It was fruitless to argue with Nath after he made up his mind.
Nath turned to the Raider standing closest to him. "Ready the prisoners. We move in ten minutes."
They roused the prisoners and after a brief delay, the group proceeded along the floor of the chasm. In less than an hour they reached the end and they shuffled into the desert, towards the Mountain of Seven Rivers. 

Pain racked his body. His head ached from the blow he received earlier and many other bruises and cuts sustained in the fall joined in. Geron shifted position. The hunt for him had ended, the heavy footfalls of the searchers ceased. He felt a sharp rock jabbing into his back. An idea occurred to him. He managed to raise himself and position his wrists near the rock. He rubbed the rope that bound his hands on the sharp edge. On occasion, the rock jabbed into soft flesh. He felt the warm, sticky flow of his blood as it ran. Still, he kept rubbing. Time rewarded his efforts. He felt the strands of the rope parting. Then he was free. He rubbed the life back into his wrists and hands.
He emerged from the crevice and peered into the darkness. He could hear the sound of conversation and followed it. In the gathering light he could see two men conversing. It was clear that these men were the leaders of the group that had ambushed him. He crouched behind a rock and looked at his men, their hands bound, seated in a circle. After the two men finished conversing, another man walked to his soldiers and pulled them, one by one, to their feet.
Geron hurried back to the site of the battle. He took the sword, a water bottle and a dagger of one of his fallen compatriots and rushed back to his former spot.
As Geron watched, the group began walking towards the opposite end of the chasm. Geron followed, keeping just out of sight. At length, they reached the end. The sun was now extending one orange tip above the horizon. Geron was sure that by now Bearl would be sending out a search party. It would take hours to reach the chasm by following the tracks they left in the sand. Geron paused as he watched his men approaching the horizon. In a moment, they would disappear. If he waited for Bearl, the captors would have a head start of several hours. If he followed, he risked losing his chance to join up with Bearl. Geron did not understand the language of their captors, but he knew that the two leaders disagreed. The way the one looked at his companions, it was clear he wished to kill them. The other hesitated for some unknown reason. Geron did not want to leave his companions to the whims of these men. They were too many for him to attack, but if he were patient, an opportunity might present itself.
His decision reached, he followed the tracks across the desert. He would not leave his companions to men such as these. 

With his eyes glued to the western sky, Nath said, "It looks like a windstorm is approaching."
"We have returned to the river. We need to take shelter in the brush which lines the river." he glanced back at the tracks they were leaving in the sand. "It is fortunate, Nath. The storm will hide our tracks."
Nath nodded. "They will not know which direction we have taken and will not pursue us."
The storm rushed across the desert, swirling clouds of sand driven before it. The storm engulfed them, driving tiny particles of sand into their skin. Using dampened cloths to cover their faces, the men rode out the storm that passed in a few hours.
As his eyes swept the horizon, Nath said, "The storm swept our tracks clean. We are safe."
Curn smiled. "In a couple of days we will reach the Mountain of Seven Rivers."
"I think we should camp for the night, Curn. We can catch fish in the river and rest. Tomorrow we can continue our journey."
This Nath agreed to and soon the Raiders were bathing in the river and finding suitable campsites along the shore. The prisoners, dusty, hot and hungry, sat in a circle, guarded by two resentful guards. A short distance away Geron watched. 

Staying just out of sight, Geron followed his quarry across the sands. He had little water and no food. His only hope lay in stealing supplies from this undisciplined band at night while they slept. Perhaps he might also be able to free his men if they left their guard down.
The storm gathering in the west worried him. He had heard tales of dust storms in the deserts in their homeland. Travelers could become lost or even suffocate on the dust in such storms. He could see, in the distance, a tree line, dark against the southern horizon. They were approaching the river. The storm created another problem. He had counted on Bearl following their tracks across the desert. He had even traced his name in the sand a few times in an attempt to communicate with his brother. This storm would erase any record of their passage. Geron was alone in a strange land against almost twenty armed men.
The storm overtook him before he made the shelter of the trees. Holding a cloth dampened by water from his bottle over his mouth and nose, Geron stumbled around in the dusty hell. Twice he lost his direction, and twice, using the wind's direction as a guide, he managed to regain his bearings. He knew he had reached the tree line when he stumbled over a thorny shrub and fell, rolling down the incline towards the river. He came to rest against another shrub and lay there, breathless and thankful, for several minutes.
He arose and crouched behind a small tree, allowing its branches to shelter him from the driving, pitiless sand.
Hours passed and finally the storm blew itself out. Geron descended the slope to the river and washed his face and hands. Hunger bit at his stomach. He rested by the water. He was over-looking a small pool, fed by rapids above it. He removed his boots and stepped out into the water. He felt, with his toes, something he remembered from his childhood. He reached down, felt around and pulled a mussel from the river bottom. Using his dagger, he pried the shell open and devoured the fleshy mass inside. Continuing his path through the shallow water, he soon found another, which he also ate. He filled his stomach with the delicious meal, returned to the shore, refreshed, and satisfied. He looked upstream. Somewhere in that direction he would find his companions.
That is, if they were still alive.
He made his way upstream, darting from clump to clump of vegetation, his ears attuned to any sound. As darkness began to gather in the skies, he heard the murmur of conversation and the shouts of men by the river. Staying concealed, he crept forward and soon saw men down by the river, bathing and fishing in its warm waters. He climbed higher up the slope and soon found a good vantage point. He could see his companions, still bound, near the top of the slope. There were two men guarding them.
Geron's hopes rose. Somehow, in the night, he might be able to free his companions. 
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents





Geron Plots

The real reasons that Nath had for allowing the prisoners to live he couldn't tell Curn. He could tell no one, as he was not sure whom, if anyone, he could trust. His mind drifted back to the time that Gwaum forced he and Curn to his service. In the almost twenty years he and Curn had both taken concubines from among the prisoners as had most of the other Raiders and guards. The children produced by these unions Gwaum had exempted from his depredations. The prisoner colony was growing, as the Raiders brought back more food than Gwaum could eat. Many of the women prisoners were having children.
Gwaum fed on few of these children. Nath felt that Gwaum was trying to establish a breeding population. This would reduce the need to hunt the depleting population of Island World. Many children of the guards and Raiders were reaching an age when Gwaum might bring them into his service.
Nath had sensed restlessness in Gwaum. Since his injury many months ago, Gwaum had not ventured from his land. It was as though he was afraid of something and depended on the food his Raiders brought him. That food was becoming harder and harder to obtain, though. The Raiders' reputation now preceded them. The people kept sentries on duty. When his Raiders approached, the populace of an area secreted themselves deep in the mountains or in the forests. Gwaum had added a second team of Raiders to aid in gathering food and slaves.
Nath had guessed at Gwaum's restlessness. He had followed Gwaum's instructions to separate out any wizards they captured. None of the wizards they sought ever satisfied the creature's need. At first this behavior mystified Nath. Over time, Curn and Nath had questioned some of these wizards and found that there were many orders of wizards among the magical folk. As time passed, Nath became convinced that Gwaum sought one of the most powerful wizards on Island World. He was sure he searched for one of an order called the Order of the Golden Star. Nath was not sure what Gwaum wanted with one of these wizards but he knew that it was important for him to do so.
If he ever found a wizard of this Order, Nath determined that he would not turn him over to Gwaum. He would keep him for himself. His eye wandered to the four prisoners who marched in front of him. These men were soldiers, trained to fight. They would be an invaluable addition to a plan he had formulated. It was a plan that he would reveal in stages to his brother, but no one else.
He glanced at his brother as he strode beside him. He, Nath, was becoming tired of Gwaum's domination. Nath could not be sure if he was the only one. Maybe all the Raiders felt it and were afraid to speak of it. Maybe he, Nath, was the only one. Right now Nath was holding out the hope that maybe these men could be their means of escaping Gwaum's domination. Perhaps, if he could just talk to one of them he could convince them to ally themselves to him. Maybe they would help him complete his plan. Maybe they would help him find one of these powerful wizards and use him to defy Gwaum.
He glanced sidelong at his brother as they plodded along. The prisoners, hands still bound behind them, marched in front of them. One of them stumbled over a rock and fell. Curn pulled his dagger from his belt, stooped and grabbed the man's hair pulling his head back.
"No," said Nath, as he grabbed his brother's hand.
"These men are slowing us down," said Curn, his face hardened in a scowl. "They are nothing but trouble for us, Nath. We should kill them all."
"I said that I wanted to wait." Nath pulled his brother around to face him. Their eyes locked.
Curn was the first to look away. "Mark what I say, Nath. Keeping these men alive will prove an ill thing for us."
"We are almost to Caracolla, brother. It will hurt nothing for us to imprison them in the tower there."
"It will require us to leave guards behind to watch them. We are already short handed because these men killed several of our number."
"It will only take three men to guard them, Curn. There is no escape from the tower. There is only one door and there are only small portals that are too small for a man to use to escape. They will be safe there and will need a minimal guard. Once we have gathered more food for Gwaum we can conceal them in the crowd and Gwaum will not know that they are Other Landers. We will not waste the effort we expended to capture them."
"We need all the men we can get to gather food for Gwaum. We will be raiding with only sixteen men."
"That will be more than enough, Curn. These settlements in the north are small and the people frightened."
Curn grumbled, "I still do not like it. We should kill them and finish with them. I do not understand why you want them alive. We cannot turn them over to Gwaum. We cannot keep them to ourselves, and I see no purpose to that, anyway."
"They may prove valuable to us if we have any more dealings with those Other Landers. They are too strong for us. They may have value to us. At any rate, I don't think it is wise for us to discard them. We do not know yet what value they might have."
"No good can come from hiding them from Gwaum. They bring danger to us."
Silence enveloped the rest of the march. Also, as Caracolla finally came into view, the truce between the two brothers persisted. 

Desert changed into low, wooded hills. In the distance a mountain came into view. Geron shaded his eyes against the lowering sun. He was glad to leave the desolate, barren land behind him. This mountain, which dominated the smaller mountains around it, was almost certainly their destination. For days Geron shadowed the procession, unable to help, or free, his men. He was now deeper into the interior of this land than he had ever penetrated. This was an immense, beautiful land. It was also a cursed one.
Geron could feel the fear, even if he could not see the people. Gwaum dominated this land even more than this huge, beautiful mountain.
The procession continued on the next day. At midday, they enter the remains of a small village located near the roots of the mountain. Geron continued to climb the mountain and soon found himself perched behind a rock, peering into the village.
He could see their captors herding his men into a tower in the center of the town. He studied it with care. It was stone with only one door. The top had only small portals, much too small for a man to slither through. It was obvious that this tower was to serve as a prison for his men.
He watched as the captors set a guard at the door and disbursed into several of the stone cottages that surrounded it. He could do little until nightfall. He glanced upwards. The summit of the mountain beckoned him. He climbed further up, finally reaching the peak as the sun touched the horizon. Below him, he could see the outlines of seven rivers as they reached out to the far corners of this world. The beauty of the land surrounding him caught his breath. There were so many lands to explore. One river in particular drew his eyes. That river seemed to flow towards the island Eris. He made a mental note of this.
His thoughts returned to his men. Somehow, he must get them free. If he could, they would traverse that land and go back to their island. 

Two days passed. Geron was getting impatient. There were always men about, and there were always two guards at the tower. . Even under the cover of darkness he was unable to get into the town. The men kept a continual fire burning as the captors feasted on wild game from the mountains. He saw that someone had discovered a cask of wine in one of the houses and the mountains rang with the sound of their revelry.
Geron watched in envy. There was game on this mountain but he had no means of getting it. Even if he had managed to snare a lerf or some other animal, he could not chance a fire to cook. He kept alive by eating small grubs and bird's eggs he foraged. There were nuts littering the ground which he cracked and ate. It was enough to keep him alive.
The third day dawned. Geron saw most of the captors gathering at the center of the town. As the sun climbed, these men formed a line and marched out of the town, leaving a small contingent of three guards behind.
This development pleased Geron. He would observe the habits of these guards. Tonight he would be ready. He would strike and free his men.

Again, Nath and Curn found themselves at the head of their Raiders.
"It is good to raid again, brother," Curn said. "This time we have no prisoners to slow us."
"That will soon change, Curn. I saw the signs of a settlement earlier when we passed."
"We are still close enough to Caracolla that if we catch some prey here, we could take them back to Caracolla while we go out again on raids."
Nath felt that now was the time to begin revealing his plan to Curn. "It might be feasible to use that town as a permanent base for our operations."
"We would have to convince Gwaum to convert more men to use as guards."
Nath said, "I will speak to him about it when we return. We will need replacements for the ones killed."
"It would be convenient to have a base on this side of the mountains. Maybe he will set us up as viceroys here. We could set up our own small kingdom here."
"This idea has occurred to me also, Curn. However, Gwaum would never allow it. If we do that, it would have to be in secret”
"We can have no secrets from Gwaum. He will dig into our minds, or those of the other Raiders."
"We must give him no reason to dig into our minds, Nath. This must stay between you and me. I fear what may happen to our children and our women if we stay under Gwaum's dominion. He says he will not eat them. But, he is our master and we cannot oppose him if he changes his mind. I have been thinking and have a plan. It involves those prisoners we took."
Curn glanced at his brother. "I thought there was more to your desire to keep them alive than you were saying." After saying this, Nath held up his hand and the column stopped.
"It was here, on the banks of this river, I saw footprints near the water. There are people here."
"We will discuss my plan later, Curn. Now it is time to hunt. We will leave a small group of men here, concealed in the trees above the river to watch," said Nath. "You and I and a few others will search these hills. We are bound to find a settlement here somewhere."
The hunt was on, and in a couple of days they caught more unfortunates, destined for the belly of Gwaum.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Escape

The expedition that set out that morning did not return by night. Geron did not know how much time he would have to free his men. As the sunset, he determined that when it got dark he would make his move. As darkness settled over the land, he descended from his lookout on the mountain. When he reached the bottom, he crept among the trees at the edge of the deserted town. Only one guard was watching his men.
Deciding that the main group would no longer return that day, Geron waited. The darkness grew deeper and the lights in the house the other guards were in still glowed. At length one of the guards came out of the house and approached the guard by the door. After exchanging words, the men changed places. The man who had been standing sentry walked at a brisk pace to the stone cottage. Minutes passed and the lights in the cottage went out. Still Geron waited. A half-full moon illuminated the night sky, casting a silver glow over the cobbled streets of the village. After a time the man standing outside the door opened the door to the tower, peered in, and then closed the door. The man sat down, his back against the stone wall. Geron crept closer, treading softly on the stone street. His hand closed on the hilt of his dagger and he pulled it out. The low, rumbling sound of snoring met his ears. The guard, having imbibed too much wine before his stint of night watch began, slept a sound, last sleep. A smile crept over Geron's face.
Now he was beside the man. His hand gripped the hair on the man's head and a sudden slice with the dagger cut off any scream the dying man might make. The body slumped to the cobblestones, turning them dark with the man's blood.
Geron pulled the door open.
"Fawl," he said in a low voice.
"Geron?"
"Yes, it is I."
"I knew you would come for us."
"I have. There is time for conversation later. I have come to free you."
"The keys to the locks are beside the door."
Geron felt along the doorjamb and located the ring of keys. He crossed the room and fumbled at the lock. In a moment, the metallic clinking sound announced that the lock was open. He pulled the door open and his men filed out of the metal cage.
"Come here now. I have killed the guard."
They exited the tower, passed the dead guard and disappeared into the darkness. 

A road lay beside the river, but Geron and his men dared not use it. They were lightly armed, Geron with his sword, Fawl with the short sword of the dead guard and the other two men with daggers. Thus, they kept to the wild areas that lined the road, following it as it descended from the mountains toward the sea. For three days, they marched, passing deserted villages, lonely cottages and farmsteads.
At midday on the third day, the sea appeared before them. A ruined city lay on their side of the river, returning to the forests from which it sprang.
"There was a great city here in years past," said Fawl.
"Yes. It is quite deserted now, I fear," said Geron. "We were not far from this city, or the bay which protects it. I think our hunting lands lay just a few miles to the east, over those mountains on the other side of the river."

"How is it that we missed this during our voyage?"
Geron paused in thought. "We must have missed it in the fog. Storms blew down on us just after we started, hiding this bay from our eyes."
They passed an unkempt road that led beside a stream that fed into the river. Geron signaled a stop.
Fawl explored the road with inquisitive eyes. "Do you wish to explore that road?"
"We have to cross this stream," said Geron. "Perhaps there is a ford upstream where the water is not so deep."
They took the road, picking their way through the trees and forbs that had invaded its bed. A mile back from the main river they came to the remains of a small settlement.
"This place is well hidden among the forest," said Geron.
Fawl climbed a tree that had limbs close to the ground. He ascended to the top and peered around. "There are overgrown fields which would take little time to clear. There is an excellent place for a stockade on a little rise above the village."
Geron raised his face to Fawl and asked, "Do you see any signs of habitation?"
Fawl shaded his face with his hand and said, "I do not. It appears completely uninhabited."
"The fear of that creature and those men we encountered pervades the countryside."
"I think that group of men is a hunting party for the creature."
"What makes you think that?"
Fawl descended the tree, perched on the lower branch for a moment, then jumped to the ground. He sat down, his back to the tree. "We couldn't understand their language. However, they kept repeating a name that sounded like Gwaum. Always, when they said it, a look of both fear and reverence crossed their faces."
"You think Gwaum is this creature’s name?"
Fawl nodded. "There was a lot of discussion between the two who appeared as leaders which seemed to be about us. I got the feeling that they could not decide what to do with us. One of them, Curn, I think his name was, appeared to want to kill us. The other, who he called Nath, didn't want to. He appeared to be the leader. He kept looking at us, but not with the same look of fear and hatred."
"What do you think they would have done?"
With a shrug, Fawl said, "I do not know, and it is not important now. You freed us from whatever fate awaited us at their hands."
"I would never have deserted you. It is now important for us to get back to Bearl and the colony."
"We have seen what we need to see here, Geron. It could make a good spot for us to settle."
Geron walked to the bank of the stream and peered upstream and then downstream. "It does have all the things we need. There is fresh water, access to the sea. I think the Morningstar could navigate upstream to this point. We can clear the fields for use. The mountains will have game and that hill," he turned to look towards it,” is an excellent spot for a stockade. I think you are right. We must contact Bearl and bring the people to this spot." He directed the three other men to explore the stone buildings and the area around the village while he and Fawl consulted.
"The season is advancing, Geron. It will soon be winter. How will we get back in contact with Bearl?"
"They will visit the hunting grounds before winter for game, so that is where he should be."
"Then we have little time to waste, Geron."
"Somehow we must cross that river, Fawl."
One of the men returned and said, "I have found a small dugout boat in a building near the river. It appears like it will still float."
Geron and Fawl exchanged glances. "Fortune is with us. We have found just what we need, when we need it."
They followed the man to the building and went inside. Fawl inspected the boat. "It is a bit dry rotted in spots, but it will float. It should get us across the river." He glanced at three sets of oars leaning against the wall. "It will only hold three of us at a time with our weapons."
"Let's put it in the water," said Geron. "We will be on the other side by nightfall."
They carried the boat to the stream. The remains of a dock jutted out into the water. They pushed the brush and weeds aside and put the boat into the water. Geron stepped into it as Fawl held it.
Geron glanced at the man who found the boat as he stepped back out of the boat. "You, Tantas and Fawl will cross. Then you will return for Berlen and me."
The men entered the boat and Geron watched as the boat drifted off downstream, helped along by the paddling of the men on board. He sat down and leaned against the stone building, Berlen beside him to wait.

Fawl stepped up on the bank and turned to steady the boat as Tantas followed him onto the bank. He glanced at Ander, who remained. "Return for the others, as night is not far off."
"Yes, Fawl, I will hurry."
Fawl watched as the man turned the boat and began the return voyage across the river.
"He had better hurry, Fawl. There is danger lurking upriver," said Berlen.
Fawl's eyes swept the riverbank. He fastened his eyes on a group of men visible on the road,
"It appears to be the men that captured us," he said. "They don't yet see the boat as it returns."
"They will soon," said Berlen.
The boat was perhaps two-thirds of the way across when one of the Raiders spotted it. He jabbed the man next to him and pointed to it.
"How far upstream are they," asked Berlen.
Fawl squinted into the now setting sun, shading his eyes with his hand. "They are perhaps two miles away, maybe less."
"It will not take them long to reach Geron and Tantas."
The boat entered the stream on the opposite side and disappeared from site as it rounded a bend.
"Do you think Ander saw them?"
Fawl nodded. "I think he did. He picked up the pace a bit as he reached the stream."
"Let us hope so," said Berlen.
The Raiders broke into a run and the distance between them and the stream shrank. There were only a few hundred feet between them and the stream when the boat reappeared. Geron glanced towards Fawl, who was unaware of the danger that now approached from the road. Fawl jumped up and down, pointing to the road upstream. Geron turned and saw the men, now just feet from the bank. An instant later, the men in the boat bent to their oars and the boat seemed to leap in the water. It slowed as André’s oar broke under the strain. Two of the men jumped into the water and began swimming towards the boat, now just a few feet offshore. Ander threw his broken oar at the swimmers, striking one on the head. The man sank beneath the waves, but two more jumped in and joined the pursuit.
Ander used his remaining oar as if he was paddling a canoe, and the others redoubled their efforts. Slowly the craft pulled away from their pursuers. As the boat reached midstream, the pursuit broke off. A few minutes later, an exhausted Geron, Ander and Tantas climbed ashore. Fawl glanced across at the group of men who now watched them helplessly from the opposite shore.
"Thank the heavens you made it," said Fawl as he pulled Geron from the boat.
"It was close. It is good that we found that boat. They would have come on us on the other side unawares and surely recaptured."
"We should put some distance between us and the river before it gets dark."
Geron and his companions melted away into the gathering darkness leaving the frustrated Raiders watching from the opposite bank of the river.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Return

Darkness crept over the mountain, but this did not slow Geron's pace. He was back in familiar territory now and knew the terrain. He looked forward to a hot fire and fresh meat from the hart suspended on a wooden pole carried by Berlen and Ander. The hart they saw by a large mountain cat kill. They tossed rocks and sticks at the cat, driving it off. Then they stole its dinner.
As they crested the last rise, Geron signaled a stop. The hunting cabin, which had been his target, lay below them. He could smell smoke from a wood fire and light emanated from the single window that faced them.
"There is someone in the cabin," said Fawl.
"It would appear so," said Geron. "The question is, is it friend or foe?"
They hid behind trees, their breath steaming in the cold late autumn air.
Geron's eyes and ears searched the darkness. "They have set watches," he said. "One is hiding in that tree just ahead of us."
"I spotted him too," said Fawl. "I heard him as he cleared his throat."
"There will be more, scattered about on three positions around the cabin."
"It is the way we do it. Do you think this is one of our hunting parties?"
Geron shrugged. "It probably is. But I do not want to take chances that it is another of those other hunting parties."
"What do you propose to do?"
Geron inserted thumb and forefinger in his mouth and blew, creating a low, warbling whistle that broke the still of the night.
A moment later, the lookout repeated the signal. Other sentries, scattered around the cabin, echoed the signal in succession.
A smile broke out on Geron's face. "This is one of our parties. We are safe."
The men broke cover and descended the hill. The lookout descended from his tree and rushed to Geron. "Geron, we thought you were lost."
"It is good to be back among friends, Lunace."
"Come, the others are inside. Bearl and Marial will be much pleased to see you."
"Marial is here, too?"
Lunace stopped for a moment and faced Geron. "Much has happened since you disappeared in that desert, Geron. Bearl will fill you in. They will appreciate that hart. Save me a hunk."
"That I will, Lunace."
Geron knocked at the door. In a moment, it opened. Bearl stood, looking out into the darkness. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to the darkness, and then he recognized the face looking back at him.
"Geron. Joy of all joys, Marial, it is Geron."
Marial jumped from her seat and rushed to Geron. She threw her arms about both her brothers. The impact of her rush threw both Bearl, Geron out the door, and they fell to the ground laughing and crying in joy.
When the wave of euphoria passed, the three stood up. Geron and Bearl clasped hands. "It is good to have you back, Geron. We thought you were dead."
A serious frown crossed Geron's face. "There were many times I thought I would die, Bearl. It was a close thing."
His eyes moved to Marial. "What has happened, Bearl? Lunace said that many things had happened."
Bearl's face clouded. "Many things have happened, Geron. Not many of them good, I fear." Then his face brightened. "Let us save that for tomorrow, Geron. You have come back to us, bearing a hart. Let us roast the meat, drink what wine we have and enjoy the night. There is plenty of time tomorrow to exchange stories."
"I agree, brother."
So the night passed, and the filled it with food, wine and many songs. It was as all happy reunions should be. 

Bearl stood and cast his eyes over the countryside. He, Marial and Geron had retired to the top of the mountain to consult after the morning's repast. Bearl recounted the events since their parting. The full impact of their situation impressed upon Geron, who then told Bearl his story. He told Bearl about the site the found.
Bearl paced, his hands clasped behind his back. "The place we sought, then, was always just around the bend."
"Yes, Bearl. We must have missed it in the fog that morning the storms swept across our path."
Pulling his collar up to guard against the chill north wind, Bearl turned to Geron and asked, "Everything we require is there?"
"Everything is there, Bearl. There are fields close by. They are overgrown but we could reclaim them quickly. The soil is rich and good. The forests above the village are thick with game. We saw horses running wild along the river and goats in the mountains. A hill rises above the village. We could build a stockade there as a defense against these raiders. The ruined city could provide us with many things we need. It is all there, Bearl."
"What about these hunters? How much of a threat are they?"
"The band which took us was small, around twenty-five men. We can withstand them. We might even overcome them. We have kept our soldiers well trained. These men are not soldiers. They are not a match for us."
"What about this creature who holds this whole world in thrall?"
"We can establish sanctuaries in the forests and maintain a system of warning posts to warn us of his approach. When the warning comes, the people can flee."
Bearl again turned to look out over the countryside.
"That seems a good plan, Geron. I think we should begin the move as soon as possible."
"I agree, Bearl. We cannot stay here. The village near the river here is not defensible. It will be hard to salvage these fields here as they have become overgrown. We have limited resources here."
"We should first move the boats. We have four left to us."
"Moving them overland would be tough, Bearl."
"That is why I think we should sail them to this river you speak of by sea."
"Winter is coming, Bearl. The sea is restless."
"Yes, but the boats could move there in a couple of days by water. It would take weeks to move them overland."
"That is true, Bearl. We could have a party waiting there when they arrive. We could cross the river in force and begin building the stockade and preparing cottages for more arrivals."
Bearl nodded. "We can move in stages. By spring, we can have the fields ready to plant. "
"If we can capture some of those horses which run wild, it would make some of the work easier."
"I think we can make this work, Geron. Maybe it is not the paradise we sought, but it is a solution to our problems."
"If we can survive a few years and build up our numbers, maybe we can build another ship and return to our homeland."
"By now the barbarians should have succumbed to the plaque."
Marial had been silent, listening to her brothers lay their plans. At this she spoke up, "What if they have not succumbed? We would be helpless against them. There would only be our one ship and a few hundred of us against their thousands. I think we should focus on building our homes here, Bearl."
"What of that creature, Marial. The hunters we can deal with. However, the beast is too strong. Look at what he has done to this land."
Marial tossed her head. "Something will come up, brothers, I know it will. We will find a way to defeat this beast. We will have our paradise, yet."
Bearl smiled. "You are always the hopeful one, Marial. Perhaps you are right. It seems our fate has always been to hold on, to persist. The calamities we have seen could have wiped us out at any point, but still we are here. We are alive."
"With life, there is hope, brothers."
With that, the three descended back down to the hunting cabin. Their plans made, it remained only to implement them.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents





Abduction of Marial

The evening sun stood low in the west, painting the clouds in various hues of lavender, orange and yellow. Voices of people returning from their tasks in the fields wafted across his ears. They were lighting the evening cooking fires, and the smoke of roasting meats spiced the air with a wonderful blend of fragrances.
From his perch in the West Tower, Bearl gazed, his eyes filled with pleasure, at the pastoral scene before him.
“We have made a lot of progress.” His eyes moved to his companion, seated on a wooden bench nearby, drinking from a steaming cup of spiced tea.
Marial took a sip of the beverage and returned his glance. “Indeed, we have. We have cleared the fields and the crops are looking good, even if they are a bit late.”
Bearl turned his eyes to the west fields. “They should still make a good crop. The ground here is fertile, and in this valley the river may protect us from early frosts.”
Marial stood and joined Bearl. She pointed to a fenced area at the edge of the village. “It was fortunate that we found some wild horses roaming nearby. We will have the young foals trained in a few weeks. We will have horses again.”
“We will have cattle for meat and sheep for wool as well. Many animals have been left to fend for themselves in the wild.”
“But we have still found no people.”
“There are signs all around. But we have been too busy building defenses and clearing fields and hunting to explore much.”
Marial’s eyes scanned the forested heights above their valley. “It is a spooky feeling, sometimes, Bearl. I feel that someone watches us all the time.”
“I have felt that too, Marial. I think we all do.”
“Is the stockade strong enough to protect us?”
“It will shield us from assault by people, yes. We have found more weapons in that ruined city and have stockpiled many in the armory.”
“I wasn’t speaking of people, Bearl. What about that creature?”
“We have been here many months, Marial. We have not seen him, or seen any signs of him.”
“I know that Bearl. But you have not answered my question.”
Bearl smiled as his eyes met hers. “I cannot hide anything from my sister, I see.”
Her eyes sparkled back at him. “No, you cannot, King Bearl. I feel your concern.”
“The truth is I don’t think so. That creature conjured up a storm which could have destroyed our ship had we not been fortunate. I am sure he could destroy our wooden walls quite easily, if he chose.”
“What if he comes? He destroyed this land, and scattered the people who live here.”
“If he comes, we will deal with it the best we can, Marial. We have overcome many obstacles so far. We still live, and we are flourishing. We have found caves in the mountains behind us to serve as sanctuaries and have established watch posts around to warn us of any movement of this creature, or these hunters.” His eyes returned to the small village below, now darkening in the failing light.
“We should return to our cottage, Bearl. Geron will be wondering if we fell off the edge of the world.”
“Sometimes, it feels like we have,” said Bearl. 

Turson and Garish lay concealed in the forest above the ruined city of Cleery.
“Who do you think they are?”
Garish shook his head. “I don’t know.”
“There are not many of them,” observed Turson.
“But they are careful. They bear arms and have chosen an excellent spot for a base.”
Turson nodded. “They have built a stockade.”
“That will help them against the Raiders. But Gwaum, if he comes, will destroy it in an instant.”
“What do you think we should do?” Garish shifted position, rising to his haunches.
“Watch them and see what they are doing. They obviously know little of Gwaum, or his habits, or they would not set their camp up in such an obvious place.”
“They also know little of the Raiders. Where do you think they have come from?”
“I do not know. There are none like them left in Island World.”
“Then they have come from beyond the sea.”
Turson glanced at Garish. “There is no beyond the sea. The sea ends in a pit of dragons. Everyone knows that.”
Garish smiled. “That is what everyone believes. However, once, a long time ago, a storm blew one of our fleets off course. We saw, in the distance, another land.”
“Why did you not go there?”
“We were low on provisions. We sailed back. We were lucky to return. It was only a chance sighting of the White Rock that we finally got back here.”
“If that is true, maybe these people are from that land. Maybe they saw the White Rock and came here.”
“But why are there so few? There are not even three hundred people in that group. And they have no ship.”
“Maybe they got caught in a storm, like you. Maybe their ships got lost.”
“If they have come from that other land, they had best go back. Here they will find only pain and disaster.”
Turson continued to watch, as the rock wall which would enclose the group grew larger. “Maybe they are fleeing pain and disaster. What else would cause them to sail so far?”
Garish stood. “I think we should return to our village.” 

From across the river, another group watched Bearl and his group. This one was not as curious as it was wrathful.
“Gwaum will not like that settlement,” said Nath, as he glanced at his brother.
Curn said, “No, he will not. But we do not have time to deal with them now.”
He turned to look behind him. Another group of people, hands bound behind them, and their necks connected with ropes, awaited transfer to Gwaum’s new village of terror. They had thirty people. These were getting harder and harder to find, as Gwaum’s depredations cut into the population, and the remainder became more adept at hiding from the raiders.
“These will still be here when we return. Gwaum will want to see the fort, before he destroys it.”
“Gwaum no longer hunts. He leaves that to us. He spends his time wandering in that forsaken land of his. When he does come here, he searches and hunts little.”
“That will change when we report this new settlement, with its strong walls and foolish people.”
“He may want us to take care of it ourselves.”
Nath studied again the wooden palisade. “They are too strong for us. We do not have the arms to assail them.”
“There will be time to worry about that later. Let’s get this fresh batch of meat back to the compound. This will please Gwaum.”
Nat turned and looked over the prisoners. “I have to agree. I want to get back to Firn and Dirson.”
“And I cannot wait to get back to Dellum, Tun and little Jara.”
At that, Nath cracked his whip, and the man who was to lead the sad procession flinched under the cruel tip. Blood trickled from the wound.
Nate pushed the man, who almost fell. “Move along. No time for dawdling.”
The procession began moving, driven by more lashes and cursing. When darkness overtook the land, they were on the Road of Terror, well on their way to a terrible fate. 

Autumn was busy painting the trees with bright colors. A deep blue sky, punctuated by fluffy white clouds, hung over the land. Marial stood, her hands grasping the top rail of the fence. She was studying the dark brown mare which she had been training. She had ridden him in the confines of the corral. She longed to ride him, dark hair streaming free in the wind, along the road which lined the nearby river.
She glanced at the stockade. Bearl and Geron were busy. They were harvesting the first of the crops and they were helping stow it in one of the freshly constructed granaries near the wall.
Her eyes returned to the mare. She held out her hand and nickered. The horse whinnied and ran to her. She gave it a fresh carrot, and the horse took it from her hand. She ran her hand along its strong neck.
What would it hurt? She stepped up on the rail and swung easily up on the horses back. She rode to the gate, dismounted and opened it. She remounted and rode easily down the lane to the road. Guiding the horse with gentle nudges of her hands, she urged the horse into a gallop. Elation filled her as she sped along.
It happened quickly. A rope, stretched across the rode, suddenly became taut. The horse, striking the rope, stumbled and fell. The force of the fall propelled Marial sideways from her horse. She rolled and lay still.
Shouts emanated from the brushy growth along the road. She looked up to find herself surrounded by men. A man pulled her to her feet and bound her hands.
“This is a fine one,” one man said as he ran his hands along her cheek.
“The first one from that town, and the last one we need for our string,” said another. “Tie her and let’s be off before that rabble in the town misses her.”
Next they fastened a rope around her neck and in moments she was drug down the road, further from her village. She closed her eyes in despair. Where was she going? Who were these nasty men? Were they the same ones that had captured Geron?
She had a sinking feeling she would soon find out the answer to all of her questions. She felt that she would not like the answers. 

Turson, his son, Senn, and Senn’s twin sister Senneel watched from the heights above the village. It was early fall, and the three had spent most of the summer observing this new people. It had been many summers since Turson and Sali had escaped Gwaum. Sali had borne them five children, and Senn and Senneel were the oldest. Now in their mid twenties, neither had married. They told Turson that they didn’t want to marry. They would not bring children into a world where they had to fear every minute that Gwaum would snatch them to assuage his unending hunger.
However, Turson noted the interest which Senn paid a certain young woman in this village they were watching. Slim and dark-haired, the woman moved with a confident air that bespoke royalty. She appeared to be in her early thirties. He had stolen close enough to hear her talk to the men. He could not understand their words, but understood enough to know her name was Marial. He noted that Senneel seemed to follow closely with her eyes the young man who bore a leader's bearing.
On this afternoon, they watched as Marial inspected the horses in the corral at the edge of the village. Senn watched as the she lovingly ran her hand along the young horse’s neck.
“She is going to ride that horse,” said Senn as the woman mounted the horse. They watched as she opened the gate. She rode down the lane past the village and on the road.
From their perch, they had a clear view of the village and the road along the river. Turson became aware that there were other watchers. He pointed to a clump of brush which lined the road.
“She rides into danger.”
Senn stood up. There were Raiders on the road and they had evidently seen the young woman riding towards them. His eye fell upon a lookout perched high in a tree. This man must have seen her coming and signaled the others. Horror grated his soul as he watched. The Raiders stretched a rope across the road and concealed themselves in the underbrush along the road. Helpless, he saw the horse trip over the road. The Raiders had captured the woman. The three exchanged glances.
“It is time to reveal ourselves to the villagers,” said Turson. “If they hurry, they can get a rescue party together and attack the Raiders.”
Together the three ran down the slope and into the village. They heard a cry of alarm. In a moment men with bows and swords surrounded them. 
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Contact

For a period of months things were quiet in the area around Nerza's cottage. The raids continued, but they were in the north, in the forests surrounding the Road of Terror.  Or the Raiders ranged out into the other fallen realms of Island World.
Arii paced in the garden behind Nerza’s cottage. After the Rite of Initiation, he felt restless. His mind dwelt on his visits to Cirile, and the developments in the valley below Feraun’s cottage.
The cottages around her, which people had started to return to since the defeat of Gwaum. Their fear of the Raiders, whose exploits filtered into uneasy ears, caused the people to take to the forests once again. He and Nerza had implored the women to leave the cottage and come to stay with Nerza and Arii. However, Feraun was as reluctant to leave her home, as Nerza was to leave his.
His mind then wandered to his mysterious rescuers. Feraun had said that they said only that they were "Those Who Returned." Returned from where? Were these people the ones that Nerza said escaped Gwaum almost twenty years ago? If so, where were they hiding?
Arii thought about the road beyond the ruined town of Jarna, and the events that had occurred there. A band of strangers had come into the valley from some unknown place. They built a stockade, repaired some of the old cottages and built some new ones. These people, whoever they were, had come to stay. Arii had stolen close enough for him to hear their language many times. It was strange to his ears. It was not any of the lesser languages of Island World. Nor was it the language of Napoli.
Nerza's call him from the door of the cottage interrupted his thoughts. He went in to find his uncle sitting at the wooden table on which they took their meals. A crystal, cut in the shape of a crescent moon, lay in the center of the table.
“What is that, Uncle?”
Nerza reached out his hand and touched the crystal. “It is a treasure I had forgotten I had. It has lain many years in a bag in my chest. I happened to remember it this morning and got it out.”
“What does it do?”
“It is the Crystal of Tongues, Arii. We use it to converse with people who speak different languages.”
Arii’s eyes met Nerza’s eyes. “You intend to meet with these strangers.”
“The time will come when we will have to.”
“How come you have never brought this out before?”
“This Crystal of Tongues has not been necessary on Island World for many, many years. Napoli was the dominant kingdom and her language became the language of commerce. Native tongues have survived within our borders. But inhabitants of all the nations of Island World all learned the Napoli language to use to converse among the nations.”
“These strangers do not speak any of our languages, so we can use this stone to converse with them?”
Nerza nodded. “Yes, but first I must remember how to use it.”
He closed his eyes and placed both hands on the crystal. He caressed it with his fingers. He allowed the magic of the stone to enter his hands. He studied the nuances of the spells it contained. Finally, he withdrew his hands.
“It is quite simple, Arii. One places the crystal against the throat. If you speak your name and then hand it to the person you wish to converse they must do the same. The two may then converse.”
“Do they have to continue to hold it to talk?”
“No, Arii. After the two people have joined with the crystal, they can speak to each other in their own tongues. Each will understand what the other is saying. Each may then understand that language, no matter who speaks it.”
“Then we can use this stone to converse with them?”
“We may if the right conditions present themselves.”
“What are those conditions, Uncle Nerza?”
“A crisis must arise which compels the parties to an overwhelming desire to communicate.”
“So we must wait for something to happen?”
“That is correct, Arii. We must wait for something to happen."
“It feels, Uncle Nerza, like we we've waited an eternity already.”
Nerza stood and walked to the window. Arii noted the limp was lessening, but had not disappeared. “I do not think we will be waiting long, Arii. I feel events beginning to unfold.” 

Bearl walked along the base of the stockade, inspecting the new breastwork system. The progress of the construction pleased him. He glanced up and looked towards the lane that led to the main road. He watched as he saw Marial, astride the horse she was training. A feeling of alarm rose in him as he saw her enter the road and turn left, towards the unexplored area north of their settlement.
His headstrong sister was pressing into danger. He could feel it. He glanced towards the corral where they kept the horses. He, Geron, and a couple of the others were training some of the horses to ride. Less than half a dozen horses were ready. He glanced at Geron, who was down inside the breastwork and had not seen Marial.
“Geron, Marial has ridden that horse off down the rode. I am going to get Whitefeet, and go get her back.”
Geron stood and glanced at the road. “She knows better than to go off on her own.”
Bearl began walking towards the corral. “She indeed does know better. I will return soon.”
Cries of surprise and alarm met his ears. He looked down at the lane to see two men and a woman, strangers to his eyes, standing in the middle of it. A circle of his men surrounded them, swords at the ready.
He glanced at Geron. “What is this?”
“I don’t know.”
Together they ran towards the melee.
Bearl pushed his way through his soldiers and approached the three people, two men and a woman. His eyes lit on the woman. For a moment, the two peered into each other’s souls.
“Hold your arrows; do not harm them until I get a chance to question them,” he said.
He looked at the older man. “Who are you and what do you want?"
“Marial,” the younger of the two said, as he looked at Bearl.
“Marial,” Bearl repeated. “What has happened to Marial?”
The younger man turned towards the woman. He pulled her arms behind her, and made motions of binding them. Then he stood back and whipped his hand back and forth, simulating the actions of a lash.”
“Someone has captured Marial?” Bearl’s eyes flashed. “Where is she?”
All three men pointed towards the road, in the direction in which Marial had been riding.
“How many are there?” Bearl’s question fell upon ears that did not understand the question. He held up his hand and held up one finger, followed by extending the rest, one at a time. A flash of understanding crossed his eyes. He held up his hand and extended all five fingers. He clasped his fist, and then extended the fingers again. Three more times he did this, then dropped his hand by his side.
“Twenty five,” he said to Geron.
“We must move fast, Bearl, before they get away.”
Bearl shouted, calling the men to arms. In a short time, they had assembled almost fifty men.
Bearl moved along the line, explaining the situation.
“We think there are twenty-five of them. They have my sister, Marial. Let’s go.”
He took off on a fast run. He could hear the men behind him, their feet thumping on the dusty surface of the road. He could see their visitors loping along beside him. Bearl noted that these men carried swords. He hoped they knew how to use them.
They passed the rope that the raiders stretched across the road. The horse grazed along the road, and ran off in alarm as the soldiers ran by.
In a short time, Bearl could see on the road ahead of them a loosely organized group of men carrying swords. He counted about twelve of them. As they neared, he could see a long line of people, their hands bound behind them and their necks connected by a rope. He saw Marial, the last one in the line.
The noise they were making as they ran along the road caught guard’s attention at the rear of the line of prisoners. Two of the men turned their heads and saw the approaching column of Bearl’s men.
“Those of you on the left go left,” Bearl said. “Those on the right, go right. Surround them.”
The men guarding the column cried out and withdrew their swords. Bearl could see that these men untrained as soldiers. They formed no defensive line, just stood their ground and awaited the attack.
The battle was short-lived. Soon twelve men lay, dead or dying, in the road and Bearl’s soldiers ran ahead to get the men at the front of the column. These, seeing what happened to their fellows, took to flight. Bearl’s men managed to capture ten of them. Two of the men crashed off into the underbrush and eluded pursuit.
“Free the captives,” Bearl commanded. His men moved among them, using their daggers to cut the ropes that bound them.
“Bearl, Geron. I hoped you would come, but was afraid you wouldn’t,” Marial said as she hugged each of her brothers in turn.
“You should not have gone off alone,” said Bearl.
“I was only going to go a short distance,” she said. “We have seen no one in all our month’s here. I thought it was safe.”
“It is not safe,” said Bearl. “If not for those three,” he pointed at Turson, Senneel and Senn, “we might not have found you.”
“Who are they?” Marial glanced at the three. Here eyes lingered on Senn. He appeared younger than she did, but there was something in the way he looked at her. She wondered if he had a mate. Bearl's voice brought her back to reality.
“That we do not know. They came rushing into our camp. They speak a strange language which we do not understand.”
“How did they manage to tell you that they captured me?”
Bearl glanced at Senn.
“That man knew your name,” he said, pointing at the young man.
Marial looked at him. “How did he know my name?”
“I don't know. They came into the camp and he said your name. That is all I know.”
She looked again at Senn, who was gazing at her. She felt warm and her heart quickened.
Geron advanced towards Bearl. “What should we do with these?” With his hand, he pointed to the former captives. Bearl walked among them, studying them. “Many look as though they have not eaten for days. Most have cuts and other hurts. We will take them back to the village and tend their needs. Maybe we can learn somewhat of their speech.”
“What of those?” Geron looked at the ten men, their hands bound behind them, seated on the ground at the center of a circle of Bearl’s soldiers.
“We will bring them back, too. Bind their eyes, so they cannot see the extent or nature of our fortifications.”
“What of the dead?”
Bearl glanced at the dead guards, lying in the road. “They treated their prisoners like animals. Let the animals tend them. They will feed well.”
Geron studied the faces of the prisoners. "I do not know any of the living or the dead. There must be more than one group of these hunters.”
While Bearl and his companions watched the hunters, Turson nudged Senn. He motioned with a nod of his head. The three slipped away into the forest.
Marial glanced all around her. "What happened to those who warned you about my capture?"
"They seem to have melted into the forest," said Geron.
"I did not get a chance to thank them," Marial said.
"I don't think we have seen the last of them," said Bearl. "I feel something in the air. Like a storm approaching."
Geron glanced sidelong at his brother. "What sort of storm?"
"I do not know, Geron. It is just a feeling."
Bearl said no more, but a cloud of uneasiness crept over his soul. 

The women of the village were busy the rest of the afternoon, preparing food and tending wounds. As night fell, Bearl and Marial walked among them as they sat in the center of the stockade.
Marial asked, “What do you think those men were going to do with these people?”
“That I do not know,” said Bearl. “Whatever fate awaited them, and you, was an evil one. Geron said he did not recognize any of them. I feel though that there is a connection between these groups.”
“Do you think they have anything to do with that creature?”
Bearl shrugged. “Again, I do not know. Geron feels that they do from what he could understand of their talk when they held him prisoner.”
A cry from one of the guardhouses in turned Bearl’s head. He glanced at the soldier, a question in his eyes.
“There are people approaching us, Sire.”
"Are they the same ones who were here earlier?"
"Three of them are, Sire. It is the two men and the woman. An old man who walks with a limp accompanies them."
“Let them in,” said Bearl after a brief pause. For so many years they had seen no one from this world and now they seemed to drop from the sky. He watched as the doors to the stockade opened. The party entered.
One of the men, the young one, faced Bearl and bowed. He placed a crescent-shaped crystal on the ground. He turned and helped the older wizard to sit cross-legged on the ground. The others remained standing. The old wizard placed the crystal against his throat
"Nerza," he said as he pointed to himself.
He looked at Bearl and handed the crystal to him.
Bearl understood what he was to do. He placed the crystal against his throat.
"Bearl," he said. Then he gave the crystal back to the old man.
His eyes looked into those of the older wizard. The old man spoke.
“My name is Nerza. You are newcomers to our world. There is much I have to tell you.”
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Arii’s Vision

Turson, Senneel and Senn returned to the forests after their encounter with the newcomers.
"Gwaum, if he is still alive, will not like what happened," said Senn.
"No, he will not," said Turson. "And I feel that he is still alive. These Raiders are much too active."
"That young wizard we rescued from the nixes has been frequenting these forests a lot. He too watches these people."
"It is the same young wizard which bested Gwaum."
Senn glanced upwards towards the road that overlooked the valley. "He has been visiting the girl who lives in that enchanted cottage."
Turson nodded. "He must be a powerful wizard, to have bested Gwaum the way he did."
"I have tracked him back to where he lives. It is another broken down cottage that appears deserted."
A smile crossed Turson's face. "I daresay that cottage is not as broken down as it seems. It, like the healers cottage, is under some sort of spell."
"Two of those Raiders escaped, father."
"They will go back to Gwaum. They will tell him what happened and he will come here to avenge the death of his slaves."
"Gwaum will kill these people and destroy the countryside. It is possible that he will even find our sanctuary up in the hills, father."
Turson sat on a log and cradled his chin in his hands. He appeared lost in thought.
"I think, son, that it is time for us to make our acquaintance with that wizard."
Surprise crossed Senn's face. "You wish to reveal our existence, father?"
"I see no other choice. Gwaum will come. The wizard was powerful enough to stop him the last time. Perhaps he can do it again."
Senn sat down upon his haunches and looked at his father's face. "Has it come to that, father? Is the situation that serious?"
Turson nodded. "Gwaum will not take this easily. They defeated his Raiders and many died. He will not like this upstart settlement. He will feel it is challenging his supremacy. He will come, and he will be angry."
"Then we should go, father. We must alert this wizard to what has happened. We must hope that he knows what to do." 

Arii could see Nerza with a boy on his lap. Nerza was teaching the lad, giving him the gift of magic. He felt love for the child, but could not fathom why.
The form of a young woman appeared. He could not see her face, but he knew who she was. The scene faded and he found himself drifting away.
He found himself in a faraway land. The land was green, and the air was sweet. He wandered along a river filled with sparkling water. He turned. In the distance, he saw a mountain capped with a white rock.
The White Rock. This then was Napoli. Napoli, not as it was, but as it could be, fresh and green and filled with promise. He could feel the sorrow the land felt, over its long domination by evil. However, there was also hope. He could feel it. He smelled it, as it filled the air with its wonderful fragrance.
He felt himself drawn to the mountain with the White Rock. His feet left the ground and he soared through the air. He looked down on the rock. He saw himself there. Terror filled him. Gwaum was there, too. They were facing off. Arii felt himself battling the monster. Gwaum was winning. Arii felt Gwaum driving him back. The creature was too powerful. He had learned to draw upon the power of those imprisoned inside him. Gwaum advanced towards him. His hand extended.
No. The monster would not consume Arii. He would not fulfill the needs of the monster. He would not be the agent that transformed him into an unstoppable force. Better to jump over the precipice behind him. Better to die, than become a horrible part of that creature. Arii stepped back. He felt the edge of the cliff with his foot.
Then a figure emerged from hiding. 

Arii awoke.
It was morning. His breath came in heavy gasps. Sweat covered him and he could feel the rapid beating of his own heart.
Fear consumed him. Gwaum was still alive. It was a fear that had haunted him but he had always suppressed. This vision was too strong for it to be wrong. No, the monster still lived. From the vision, Arii knew that he must confront this terrible monster alone. Nerza would not be able to help him. He pried the last scene from his memory. There would be someone to help him. He did not know whom.
He thought of the land below the mountain. Restoring Napoli was possible. He could do it. He shuddered to think of the terrible cost. The price he would pay would be steep. Success, or failure, it was all the same.
He, Arii, would bear the burden. That burden would be great. 

The garden was already an ancient garden. The soil kept alive by generous additions of horse manure, compost and an occasional sprinkling of wood ashes.
The musky smell of the rich earth caressed Arii’s nose as he dug, unearthing the nutritious roots concealed within it. He felt the moist, smooth white roots as he put them in the basket. The sun was past its high point of the day, dropping away to the west, and its daily rest.
Arii wondered how many roots this garden had produced, how many people had drawn sustenance from it richness. He glanced at the apple tree that spread over the yard. The herb's fragrance, which grew in the various chinks and nooks around the garden, hosted legions of bees. The sound of their buzzing filled the summer afternoon with a symphony of sound. Butterflies flitted and mated above the flowers, while others gathered nectar from the flowers.
A pounding on the door shattered Arii’s reverie. A few moments later Nerza’s face appeared as he stuck it out of the rear door of the cottage.
“Arii, come to me now. The event we have waited for, I fear, has happened.”
Arii picked up the basket and hurried into the cottage.
Nerza stood facing two men who were sweating and out of breath. As he studied their faces, memory returned.
"You are the men who pulled me from the river."
The older man extended his had, clasping Arii's. "My name is Turson. This is my son, Senn and my daughter, Senn's twin sister, Senneel. Yes, we did rescue you. You were still barely conscience. Those nixes were about to harm you."
Arii's eyes turned hard. "The nixes would not have harmed me. They are my friends."
Astonishment swept across the man's face. "Friends, eh. I didn't know that nixes and men could be friends."
"It is possible for nixes and men to possess friendship, yes."
Nerza interrupted, "Enough about nixes for now, Arii. These men are the ones that returned from Gwaum's land. These are the people for whom I have searched but never found." Arii glanced at Turson and said, “Tell him what happened.”
Senn glanced at Arii.
“Sit,” said Arii. “Then tell your tale.”
Senn sat down, withdrew a cloth from his belt and wiped the sweat from his brow and eyes. He took a long pull on the cup of water that Arii had sat before him.
“It was the Raiders. They made their first raid here in months. They had about thirty captives. One of their men climbed a tree for one last look about. He saw a woman from the new settlement that you have watched. She was riding on a horse galloping in their direction. They hid in the bushes, stretched a rope across the road and waited. The woman’s horse hit the rope, stumbled and fell. The Raiders grabbed her and tied her up with the rest of the captives. We then ran back to the new settlement and managed to tell them what happened.”
Nerza looked at Senn, his eyes razor-sharp. “How did you do that? They speak a language strange to us.”
Senn returned the glance. “I have been watching her for months. Her name is Marial. I only mentioned her name, and made motions of them capturing and binding her.”
Arii’s voice was taut with his question, “What happened next?”
“These men are men of action. They gathered an expedition together and went after the Raiders. It did not take them long for them to overtake them as the prisoners they had taken slowed them down. They had no reason to hurry as no one has opposed them before.”
“So there was a battle?” Nerza leaned forward with the question.
“Yes, there was a battle, if you can call it that. These new men are trained warriors and the Raiders are an undisciplined horde. The men from the settlement killed the Raiders and freed the prisoners.”
Nerza raised his brow. “Did they kill them all?”
“No. Two of the Raiders escaped into the underbrush and got away. The newcomers captured the rest.”
Nerza glanced at Arii. “This is indeed news, Arii.”
“It is a great bit of news, Uncle. The strangers destroyed the raiding party. Their depredations will end.” Arii's face did not reflect the happiness of the tidings.
Nerza glanced at his nephew. "You do not appear as happy as this news warrants."
"I do not think Gwaum is dead, Uncle Nerza."
Nerza's eyes did not reflect surprise. "What makes you say that, Arii?"
Arii glanced first at Nerza, then at the two guests who sat at the table with them.
Turson leaned forward. He lowered his voice and asked, "Are we sure that Gwaum is dead?"
Arii sat back in his chair and clasped his hands in front of him. "I hoped that he was. Last night I had a vision of him. I fear he still lives."
Nerza shook his head. “I never really believed he was dead. I hoped, but did not believe."
"I think all of us hoped," said Turson.
Nerza rubbed his chin. His thoughts came to life with his words, "If he still lives, the survivors will carry word of their defeat back to Gwaum. Gwaum will not like it that they have destroyed his raiding party. He will come.”
“That is not good, Uncle. If he comes here, he will sense us. The battle between him and us will happen here, in this valley.”
Arii walked to the window that overlooked the garden. He stood there, not speaking for several minutes. Then he turned to Nerza.
“I must go to him. I must travel to the land he dwells in and do battle there.”
Nerza protested. “No, Arii. I cannot travel with you. You will do battle with Gwaum alone if you go. You cannot win this battle.”
“It must be so, Uncle Nerza. A battle here will devastate this land and place all who dwell here in peril. No, I must go there.”
Nerza stood and faced his nephew. “Arii, we can plan this together. We can defeat this creature. We have faced him once.”
Arii looked at his uncle. His voice was low and gentle. “Uncle Nerza, you were strong then. Your powers were overwhelming. Now, you are hurt. Your powers have declined.
Nerza’s face fell. He sat down again. “You are right, Arii. I am but a shadow of my former self. I will be more of a hindrance to you than a help.”
Arii walked over to his uncle. He placed his hands on his shoulders. “Uncle Nerza, always you have been my mentor and teacher. You have taught me everything I know. But now it is time for me to put what you taught me to use.”
Nerza raised his head, their eyes met. Nerza saw in those eyes a power that was greater than any he, Nerza, ever had. Maybe that force he had helped unleash so many years ago did live in the body of his nephew. There was no way to know. Perhaps he would never know.
“Maybe you are right, Arii. Maybe you must battle him alone.”
Arii stepped back and returned to the window. “I had a dream, Uncle, a vision. I saw the land of Napoli not as it is now, a vast wasteland of red. I saw a fair land, green, fresh, and beautiful. The fragrance of the flowers and sweet waters filled the air.”
He turned to Nerza. “The vision foretold my success, Uncle. If the creature had defeated me, the land would not be thus.”
“How do you know that this vision that you had was of a time long past instead a time in the future? A time before there was people, or Gwaum?”
“I saw myself in battle, Uncle. I was in battle with Gwaum. I saw....” Arii stopped. He knew what he saw. He did not know the end of the battle.
“What, Arii? What did you see?”
“I was in battle. Gwaum was defeating me, driving me back towards a precipice. But there was another there.”
“Did you overcome Gwaum, Arii? Did you defeat the monster?”
Arii faced his uncle. “I don’t know, Uncle Nerza. I did not see the end. I awoke before it was over.”
“You cannot do this thing, Arii. It is much too dangerous.”
“There is danger in whatever I choose to do, or not to do, Uncle. If I do not go to him, Gwaum will come here. I will go and meet whatever my fate is.”
“I cannot stop you, and I cannot go with you, Arii. I can but give you my blessing and hope for your success.”
“That is all I can ask of you Uncle.”
Nerza fell silent. He regarded his sister’s son.
Arii spoke again. “Uncle, whatever my fate, I want you to know that I love you like the parents I never had. You took me in and succored me. You taught me and supported me. You are not just my father, but my mother as well. Whatever I do, it is because you taught me well. My success is your success, Uncle. Remember that.”
“Thank you, Arii. You will always be the son I never had.”
Arii began gathering his things. “There was more to the vision, Nerza. You still have an important role to play. What this role is exactly, I cannot say. But you still have much to give.”
“When will you leave, Arii?”
“I mean to leave immediately. The sooner I begin this task, the sooner I get through it.”
“Then soon we will say farewell.’
Arii looked at Nerza. “When you see Cirile, I want you to tell her that I love her. I want to be with her forever. Tell her that when this is over, if it is my fate, I will return to her. We will go to that fair land and dwell there, forever.”
“I will tell her that, Arii. She will be waiting for you, I am sure.”
Arii threw the knapsack containing food and water over his shoulder. He picked up his staff. He walked to his uncle and they embraced. Then Arii donned his hat and walked out the door. 

After Arii left, Nerza said nothing for a long time. He thought about Arii’s vision. There was something there. Then he knew. He looked at Senn. “We must go to these people you speak of. We must visit those people who killed the Raiders. We must talk to them.”
“But they speak a different language, Nerza. I was barely able to make myself understood.
Nerza picked up the Crystal of Tongues. He put it in the leather bag that had been its home for so many years.
“We will be able to talk to them, Senn. It is imperative that we do. The fate of Island World depends on it.”
With that, he tied the bag to his waist, and limped towards the door. Senn, Turson and Senneel followed and soon they were walking down the road towards the settlement of the strangers.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Arii Goes Into Danger

Nerza, Senn, Turson and Senneel approached the stockade. They heard the voice of the sentry on guard in the tower announce their approach. They walked to the door and stood before it. In a few moments, the door opened. An armed guard stood before them. Bearl stood beside the guard, his eye once again lighting on Senneel.
"It is the same three who brought word of Marial's capture," he said. "Let them pass."
As the guard stepped inside, Nerza saw a tall, impressive looking man watching him. He, Senn and Senneel followed the man as he walked into a small structure at the head of the courtyard inside the stockade. The man sat on a chair at the end of the structure. Another, almost equally impressive man flanked him on his right, and on the left a woman so beautiful, it almost took his breath away. He could see that Senn was watching this woman. This then was Marial, the cause of the crises.
Nerza walked over to the man and looked him in the eyes. He took the pouch from his waist and removed the Crystal. A wooden table lay between them. Nerza touched the Crystal to his throat and said his name. Then he laid the stone on the table. He pointed to the woman and said, “Marial.” He pointed to himself and said, “Nerza.”
Nerza glanced at Bearl and motioned that he should pick up the Crystal.
Bearl studied the Crystal, and then looked at the old man in front of him. Distrust swelled within him. This man was a wizard. His ancestors had driven the wizards from the Lion Kingdom. He looked at the man. He could see nothing in those eyes to distrust.
“Bearl,” he said, placing his hand on his chest.
Nerza picked up the Crystal. With a glance he indicated that Bearl should take it. Bearl picked up the stone, placed it on his throat, and said, “Bearl.”
“My name is Nerza. You are newcomers to our world. There is much I have to tell you. You can understand my words now, Bearl, I believe,” said Nerza.
A look of wonder crossed Bearl’s face. “I can understand you.”
“That is good. We have much to talk about.”
Bearl indicated that the wizard should sit. He glanced at Marial and indicated that she should also perform the rite.
She and Geron both touched the Crystal to their throats, intoned their names and gave the Crystal back to Nerza who put the Crystal back in the leather pouch.
Bearl said to one of the women that stood behind him, “Bring our guests something to drink.”
He looked at Nerza. “Are you hungry?”
Nerza nodded. “Just a bit of something, if you don’t mind.”
“Bring a bowl of dried fruits and nuts, also,” he said to the woman. “Bring some of that new wine too, please.”
The woman nodded and moved off. Senn’s eyes fastened on Marial. She seemed free of male attachment. Senn was glad of that.
Bearl looked across the table at Nerza. Then his gaze flowed to Senneel. His heart quickened. This woman was beautiful. He banished the lapse, and returned to business. He looked again at Nerza. “Now, what have we to talk about?”
Nerza returned the glance. “Your actions have precipitated crises, Bearl. We are in much danger because of them.”
“What kind of danger? We killed the men who were going to enslave those people.” With these words, he indicated the former captives who had gathered nearby.
“They were not going to enslavement, Bearl. They were going to serve as food.”
Bearl’s eyes flashed. “Food? Food for whom?”
“You come from a different land?”
Bearl nodded. He recounted, in as brief a tale as he could, the story of their flight from their homeland, their sojourn on the island, and their settlement here, on this spot.
Nerza sipped at the glass of wine that the woman brought them. It was sharp, but good. He munched on a handful of the dried fruits and nuts. He looked at Bearl and said, “You will not find your paradise here. There is a terrible creature that dwells in this land. He feeds on humans.”
“Is this that huge, red creature we found in that red land to the east?”
Nerza nodded. “He rules this land. He feeds on humans, while he enslaves a few to do his bidding. These are the ones you killed. These Raiders, as we call them, forage the forests of these sad lands searching for people to take back to his land. He consumes them there.”
It was Nerza’s turn to recount the history of Island World, and the rise of the terrible creature Gwaum. He told of the land's destruction and the scattering of the people. No army could stand before him. The only set back had been the encounter with Nerza and Arii. However, they felt that they had not killed the creature, only humiliated him.
Now that Bearl and his men had killed them, Gwaum was sure to return.
"My nephew Arii is a powerful wizard. Gwaum appeared to him in a vision. In the vision he saw himself in battle with Gwaum. He has gone to battle him."
“So your nephew, Arii, has gone off to do battle with Gwaum alone?”
“He left earlier today.”
Bearl sipped at his wine, and placed the glass on the table. “Your nephew sounds like a very brave man.”
“He is a brave man or a foolish one depending upon your point of view. But I agree with you, I think he is quite brave.”
“What is it you ask of me?”
Nerza looked into Bearl’s eyes. He saw another very brave man. He also saw a man who would not take unnecessary risks. “There was more to Arii's vision. It was a vision of a fair land. It was an unoccupied land, just waiting for a people to possess it, a people who are searching for a home.”
Bearl’s eyes studied Nerza. “But for this people to possess it there is a price to pay.”
Nerza placed both his hands on the table. He leaned forward. “In the dream, he was being defeated by Gwaum. Gwaum was on the verge of eating him. If the creature consumes him, Gwaum will have all the power he needs to become omnipotent. If Gwaum defeats and eats Arii, no one can stop him."
“If your nephew loses this fight, then all hope is lost?”
Nerza shook his head. “Another person appeared in the vision. It was someone who could tip the balance in Arii’s favor. This man was a warrior. He was brave. It was he that helped Arii in his quest.”
“Who is this person?”
Nerza’s eyes bored into Bearl. “You,” he said. “It was you who emerged. It was you who did what needed to be done.”
“How do you know that I am the one?” The question rang across the evening, reverberating against the newly born stars.
“Because there is no one else.”
Bearl sat back, and took another sip of wine. Thought filled his eyes. He looked at the gathering darkness.
“It is too late in the day to mount an expedition to follow your nephew. Darkness falls, and I will not embark upon a campaign in unfamiliar country in the night.”
Nerza relaxed. He had achieved his goal. “So you will go?”
“We will spend the night preparing. We will embark at first light.”
“You will not need a large force,” said Nerza. “It will be useless against Gwaum, should you encounter him. A small, well armed force will move quickly”
Bearl glanced at Nerza. “So you seek to advise me on military matters?”
Nerza shook his head. “No. However, I know this creature and his habits. A large force will be hard to hide, and will give you no advantage over him. You have a need for stealth and quickness, not military might.”
Bearl considered the words. “I will take six men.”
“I will be one of those men,” said Geron.
Bearl shook his head. “You should remain here, to take the kingship, if my mission fails.”
“Marial is capable of leading the people, Bearl. If we fail, it will make no difference, as we will all be lost anyway. You may need my sword.”
Bearl looked at his brother. “We will discuss this later.”
Turson had followed the conversation. He could understand Nerza’s words, but not those of the stranger’s. However, he knew what was happening.
“I will accompany you,” he said. “I have been in that country. I know it. I can lead you where you need to go.”
Bearl glanced at the man, his eyes questioning his words. Nerza translated what Turson said.
Bearl then nodded. “I will be happy to have him as a guide. We had best use that Crystal that you brought, so we can understand each others words.”
At a signal from Nerza, Turson and Bearl performed the Rite of the Crystal. Senn stepped forward. “I wish to go, also. I want to see and end to this creature. And who knows, I may want to live in this paradise, also.” At this his eyes wandered to Marial. Her eyes met his.
Bearl said, “We will all retire to our homes. Tomorrow we leave and see where our roads lead.”
Senneel stepped forward. She touched the Crystal, and looked into Bearl’s eyes. He repeated the rite. Then Senneel said, “I go where my brother goes. You will not leave me behind.”
Bearl spoke in protest, “But you are a woman. This is man’s work.”
“I am as good as any man with bow and sword.”
“Indeed she is,” said Senn. “And if you do not agree to take her, you may find out how good she is.”
Bearl glanced at Senneel and saw strength there. He also decided that he liked those eyes. He also noted her hand on her sword.
“You may come,” he said, a smile lightening his face.
Darkness became complete as the twilight faded into darkness. Turson and Senn returned to their homes, now deep in the forest. Nerza went to the home of Feraun and Cirile. There would be much to discuss this night. 

Learning to live with his disability had taken a long time for Nerza. After many weeks and months he learned to accept it. Now, watching the small coterie of men as they marched down the road and into danger, his impatience with it returned.
His nephew was in danger. At his urging, this small company of men was following his council. Arii would confront Gwaum in the next few days. The fate of Island World would be determined while he sat, helpless, with the women and children.
Feraun, Cirile and Sali were beside him, along with others from the tiny settlement above the city. Marial was watching, also, in company with her countrymen. Her eyes were sad as she watched her brother’s move down the lane and out of sight.
“Do you think he is all right?”
Nerza glanced at Cirile. Her eyes displayed her worry.
“Arii is a powerful wizard, Cirile. If anyone can defeat Gwaum, it is he.”
“He must defeat him. He must return.”
“He loves you, Cirile. He will return if he can.”
“You mean, if he lives.”
“If he lives, he will return.”
He glanced at Marial, who returned his glance. More than one woman awaited the outcome of this foray.
Marial asked, “This mission you have sent my brothers on, what are their chances of success?”
Nerza shrugged. “I do not know. I only know of Arii’s vision. The land was clean and fair and Gwaum was not there.”
“This, you say, could be the paradise we seek.”
“As near as anyplace can be paradise. There is still the need for work. There will still be sickness and death. However, it was a good land before Gwaum. It will be a good land again.”
Marial glanced at the now empty road. “I hope they succeed. They must succeed. This creature is a being of fear and death. This land shivers with that fear. I can feel it.”
“It is not just this land, Marial. Even the lands across the sea are in danger. If Gwaum defeats Arii and consumes him, he will become omnipotent.”
“And yet this Arii went into that danger?”
“When your brothers killed his Raiders, Gwaum would have come here to avenge them. He would have sensed Arii, and me. The battle between Arii and Gwaum will be great. All here would have been in peril. Even if Arii won, the damage to this country would have been immense. Many would have died. Arii went there to avert that.”
“He is a brave man.”
“Your brothers and my nephew are all brave men.”
“Let us hope that bravery is enough.” With these words, Marial turned and returned to the stockade. 

Darkness was falling. It had been almost a week since Arii’s departure. Nerza was watching the northern sky. Arii and Gwaum had joined in battle. He could see it in the flashes of light in the northern sky, and the low rumbles which flowed down the valley. The conflict had raged all day.
Cirile was beside him. He could feel her fear.
“He must prevail, he must win,” she said. “He must come back to me.”
Nerza put his arm around her. “We will soon know.”
“I carry his child.” The announcement came as no surprise to Nerza’s ears. He looked down at her.
“Does he know?”
Cirile shook her head. “I have not known long. However, his child grows within me. I have told Senn. If Arii falls, he is to tell Arii that his seed lives on if he can.”
“If he would have known, he would not have gone.”
“He had to go. It is best he did not know. This day would have come, sooner or later. It was his fate.”
Nerza started to reply. However, his words choked in his mouth. The flashes of light stopped. A silence descended upon Island World.
“It is over,” said Nerza. “Now we wait.”
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Storm Begins

After feeding, Gwaum decided to take a walk. The red dust swirled around his feet as he strode along. He reached the top of a knoll and stopped. He turned to look upon his domain. The stone walled prison rose above the bay. Black holed windows in the guard towers gazed soullessly over the prisoners within.
His larder was full, kept well stocked by the bands of hunters that roamed Island World. He inhaled the putrid aroma that permeated the land. It was a wonderful smell, the smell of death.
Gwaum knew that under that red dust laid millions of seeds and spores. It was the potential life of the vegetation that once existed here. The dust would take many more years to kill this dormant life.
He knew that over time it would. He hated the plants. He hated the animals that roamed the forests. He longed to destroy the entire expanse of Island World. However, to do so would destroy his food source.
That was the only reason for his toleration of those other lands across the mountains. His food needed food. The plants and animals there served that purpose. He was glad that he did not have to visit that other land. His Raiders brought his food to him, allowing him to enjoy his devastated landscape.
Then the other reason for his need to go there surfaced. He needed another wizard to consume to complete his transformation to an omnipotent power. He turned to look upon those faraway mountains. He remembered the wizard who dwelt there. He had hurt that wizard. He would be weak if he still lived.
He berated himself for not going back to get this wizard. The reason for his reluctance shamed him. For the first time, he had known fear. There were two of them. The one did not have the power he needed. Working together, they had defeated him.
Gwaum did not like defeat. It had been his first defeat. From his perch on the knoll, he had a clear view of the road that ran along the stinking river. Two dark specks were moving along that road. It was time for one of his hunting parties to return. If this was they, there was something wrong. If it wasn’t, then someone was invading his domain.
He strode off to investigate. As he neared, he recognized the men as two members of the hunting band that was due back. He entered the road and stood before the two men.
“Why have you come back alone? Where is the rest of your party, and where are the captives?”
The men fell on their faces in front of him arms outspread.
“We beg your pardon, Master. We are all that remain, the rest of our party are dead after an attack made upon us. We barely escaped with our lives.”
“Attacked? Who attacked you?”
“Many months ago, we told you of those new settlers. They have formed a colony near the sea. They have built a stockade, planted fields and built houses. We took a woman, one of theirs. Somehow, they heard of it. They attacked us with an overwhelming force, killed most of the hunters and freed the captives.”
Gwaum leaned his head back and roared. Red dust spewed from his mouth, which, driven by the force of the wind, sandblasted the skin from his hunter’s bodies. They rolled in the dust, screaming in pain. After a few minutes, they were still.
Gwaum roared again and again. His anger spilled out in vast clouds of red dust.
When his anger abated, Gwaum knew what he needed to do. He must go to that place, that new colony, and destroy it. It was near the abode of the wizards who defeated him. After he made these interlopers pay for their insolence, he would hunt down these wizards and consume both of them.
He looked back towards his prison. This would be a long expedition. There would be plenty of food. He had just eaten, so he would embark on his journey immediately.
He strode along the road. The slope grew steeper as it entered the mountains. Evening was falling. After expending the energy venting his rage, Gwaum was growing tired. He reached the top, near the troublesome white rock.
He would spend the night here, on top of the mountain. Tomorrow he would descend his road to the lands beyond. 

The orange tongue of the sun was licking at the eastern sky. Gwaum awoke. It was time for him to resume his journey. Today, the interlopers would pay for killing his hunters. In addition, today he would find the wizard. He would defeat him, and consume him.
As he gazed on the white rock, he remembered his vow to defeat the power in that rock. Again, that would have to wait. There was a more important task.
It was at that moment he felt a presence. He stiffened. It was a Wizard of the Golden Star, nearby. The fool was coming to him.
In a moment, the wizard became visible. This was not the same wizard he intended to consume. It was the younger of the two. He bore the marks of the wizard of the high order. He could feel his power. This one would do.
He stepped forward. “Ho, wizard. What do you mean invading my realm?
The wizard stopped. His young face was stern with resolution. “I come for you, Gwaum. I come to end your reign over this land.”
A smile spread across Gwaum’s face. He could feel the power of this wizard. It was strong. He also felt the uncertainty. That was something in his favor. That was something he could use. 

Urgency hastened his steps through Flynn towards the mountain. The refugees from the battle of the Raiders and the colonizers would flee straight to Gwaum. Even now, they might be reporting to Gwaum. At this moment, Gwaum might be climbing the road into the mountains.
By evening, he could be in the land of Torne. Arii did not intend for Gwaum to enter Torne. His hope was to intercept him before he entered The Road of Terror. He meant to keep the battle, and the carnage it would create, within the land of Napoli.
Darkness fell as he entered the outskirts of Flynn. He heard, or saw, no sign of the creature.
He paused. There were houses here that would give him shelter for the night. He could rest, arise early, and be at the top by dawn. He found one cottage that was cleaner and less vermin-infested than the others were and bedded down for the night. 

The same sun Gwaum was gazing upon at the top of the mountain watched as Arii made his way up the Road of Terror. Arising before dawn, Arii breakfasted on some of the contents of his pack and began his journey. Stars flickered in the black sky, and an occasional falling star streaked across the heavens. An oarst bird called, alone and forlorn in the distance.
Arii drank in the last of the sweet smells of the mountains. Once across, he knew, the land stank with Gwaum's presence. As he neared the top, Arii became aware of a gnawing presence, the feeling he got when another Wizard of the Golden Star was near.
Gwaum. He was near. He could see the White Rock gleaming in the morning sun as he reached the top. It was then he saw something else. The creature appeared suddenly, a red figure illuminated by the red sun. Gwaum flared in Arii’s eyes.
He stopped and pointed his staff at the creature. Fear licked at his bowels, and uncertainty invaded his mind.
Here he was, facing Gwaum. He remembered his earlier victory over the creature. However, Nerza had aided that. Now, he was alone. He remembered his vision. The fair, sweet land unfettered by Gwaum's influence. But, the other part invaded his thoughts also. The White Rock presented a sizable level area on its top. On three sides, sheer cliffs opened several hundred feet above the rocks below them. Arii remembered. Gwaum was pushing him, driving him back to the edge of one of those precipices.
A stone pillar marked the trail to the top of the rock. Behind that pillar the other had hidden. He appeared just as Gwaum was forcing Arii off the cliff.
However, there was no other. Arii began to doubt. Perhaps the vision was false. It was too late for further doubt. The confrontation had begun.
"So, Wizard, you have come to challenge me."
Arii tightened his grip on his staff. "I come to do battle, Gwaum. Today your hunting ends."
The monster drew back his head and guffawed. The breath was foul and Arii almost swooned. "Your little magic spells will have no effect upon me, Wizard. I have had more powerful wizards than you for breakfast."
"We will see," said Arii. A silver pulse grew around him, traveled down his staff and sped towards the creature like a white-hot comet.
Gwaum held out his hand. A silvery force appeared which deflected the spell, throwing it back at Arii, who blocked it with a flourish of his staff. Thus, the battle began and both the monster and the wizard were each surprised at the strength of their adversary.
Each spell Arii cast at Gwaum he flung off and launched a counter spell back. The young wizard found himself on the defensive, with no time to gather his strength for the spell he longed to use. Twice he felt Gwaum’s offensive ebb, but both times he recovered. Then he strove against Arii with greater force than before.
Arii began to grow weary. Many hours the battle lasted. Fire stroked the sky and the deep rumbles of their combat rolled across the mountain and into the valleys.
Then the moment arrived which Arii had been fearful of arrived. Gwaum, frustrated at the continued stalemate, raised his head to face the sky. A resounding roar filled the heavens. A red vortex issued from his mouth. It swirled and danced in the sky and then collapsed into a tight coil. Gwaum extended his arms towards Arii. It was the dreaded Red Storm and he flung it at Arii with a terrible force. The shock of the storm drove Arii backwards towards the brink. He steadied himself, lowering his head and leaning forward.
He extended his wand and drew a powerful shielding spell from its depths. A parabola of force extended its protective shield around the wizard. It deflected the stinging, dry red dust. But the gale like force drove the wizard back and back. He could feel the edge of the precipice behind him with the toe of his boot.
Exhaustion weighed upon his soul. The monster drove him further. He teetered on the edge. In a moment, he Gwaum would throw him over. He would feel the sharp embrace of the hard rocks below. For a moment, he teetered. Gwaum took a step forward and extended his hands. Once more, he exerted his will upon the wizard who dared to defy him.
A movement behind Gwaum caught his attention.
Perhaps it was not too late.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Triumphant

As the small group plodded along, Bearl reflected upon their circumstances. At the word of a wizard, he had met only once he was now risking the lives of some of his best men.
Taking the wizard’s advice, he had kept the force small, settling on a dozen men. This included the three locals, Senn, Senneel and Turson.
His eyes scanned the landscape.
This was a good land. It ought to have farms, mills, and inns. The shouts and laughter of inhabitants should fill the air. Instead, there was silence.
He knew that there were people subsisting in the forests above the road. They might be watching them as they moved along this road. The creature had broken this land. If the wizard were right, Gwaum would soon come here to punish his people for attacking and killing his hunters.
He had learned a long time ago from the lips of his father that if you feared an enemy striking you, sometimes it is best to strike first. He hoped that this was one of those times.
Their progress was swift. They were well past the halfway point of their journey when the sunset and they had to stop for the night.
As they ate their evening meal, Turson sat down beside Bearl. He sipped at his water skin and glanced at the king.
“What will we do when we get there?”
Bearl shrugged. “I do not know. This wizard friend of yours, Nerza, only said that someone in hiding aided this wizard, Arii in defeating the monster. He said that I was the one in hiding. But he didn’t say where I was hiding, or what I did.”
“It does all sound pretty vague,” said Turson in agreement.
“At any rate, we are in the fire now. If Nerza is right, in the next day or so Arii should find Gwaum.”
Turson shuddered. “I have been in this creature's presence. This wizard Arii will need all his power to defeat him. I think tomorrow's events will answer our questions.”
Bearl tossed the dregs of his tea into the fire. “We should all turn in early. The rising sun should find us already on our way. If you feel it will come that soon, and we are to aid him, we need haste.”
The camp grew quiet, and they set the watches. The fires, tended by the watches, burned throughout the night. 

The morning dawned bright and full of promise. The orange tongue of the sun tickled the horizon. The delightful morning did not brighten the mood of Bearl as he marched along.
A low rumble of what seemed like thunder rolled across the land. Flashes of light emanated from the mountains in front of them. Bearl signaled his troop to a halt. He studied the mountainous terrain in front of him.
Turson moved up beside him. “We are almost to Flynn, the mountain town I called home during better days. The Road of Terror comes down from the Ice Mountains. That is Gwaum’s roadway into Torne.”
“So we are almost there,” said Bearl.
“And it sounds like Arii and Gwaum have already met.”
“We must hurry,” said Bearl.
They quickened their steps, soon entering the town. Turson led the group to the Road of Terror and they began their ascent.
Sounds of fury from the combat of the wizard and the creature filled the air. Violent flashes of light filled the skies. The ground shook and heaved beneath their feet. Still, the group marched on.
The sun was beginning its descent when they reached the crest of the mountain. Bearl looked on the scene, and gasped. This was the White Rock of legend, the rock that had lured him to this land.
Then he stopped. "Look, Geron. The white rock we saw from the sea."
The struggle was taking place on the White Rock.
The monster had his back to Bearl. The wizard, face contorted with a mixture of fear and desperation, was driven backwards. Bearl could see the vastness of a valley behind the wizard. He beckoned his men to hide behind a stone column that marked a path to the white rock on which the monster and the wizard struggled.
The wizard was in a terrible spot. He was close to the precipice. Bearl watched in horror as the wizard’s foot found the last foothold. Beyond lay a fall through time and space. It boded defeat for the wizard and victory for the monster.
On the rock, they could see the monster that they had seen in the harbor. Its back was to them, attention focused upon the wizard. Without a word, Bearl rushed up the trail that led to the top. He emerged to see Arii, his back pressed up against the chasm. In another instant, the monster would cast the wizard over the side. Bearl ran up behind the monster. He drew back his sword and stabbed.
The blade penetrated the rock hard skin of the creature, and then snapped like wood. The monster screamed in pain and turned to face his new adversary. The distraction was all that Arii needed and he drew upon what strength he had left and flung another spell at Gwaum. It struck the monster with a force mightier than the tides. Fire flashed and a violent roar arose and swept across the mountains. Gwaum howled in anger and in pain. The force of the explosion knocked Bearl off his feet. He lay on his back, pain racking his body. His left arm burned like fire.
With an extraordinary effort, Arii extracted the last threads of strength still lingering inside him. His face drawn and taut, his eyes focused, he endured Gwaum's efforts.
The monster turned and read the desperation in the wizards face. He knew from the stretched muscles and glazed eyes that the wizard had reached his limits. The man had no more to give.
With one last effort, Gwaum leaned forward and rushed the wizard. He reached for him, trying to grasp him with his powerful arms
Gwaum's fingers touched Arii. In a moment, he would grasp him and consume the wizard. Gwaum would be invincible
Bearl, watching the monster with fear filled eyes, drew himself up to a sitting position. His left arm dangled by his side, useless. He pushed his body up, using his broken sword as a crutch. He drew back his arm and flung the rest of his sword at Gwaum. The shattered blade struck Gwaum, driving deep into his skin. Gwaum roared and hesitated for just an instant.
Arii felt the hesitation in the fingers. He dove under the monster's legs flipped on his back and planted his feet on Gwaum's buttocks. He pushed him forward with a downward thrust of his legs. Gwaum straightened up as he plunged forward and tried to stop his forward momentum. For an instant he stood, balanced on the edge of the rock, his toes gripping trying to find a gripping point. Arii, drawing on one last reserve of strength, flicked an impelling spell at the creature. It was a feeble spell but it was enough to knock the off-balance monster over the edge. With a terrible cry, Gwaum plummeted off the White Rock. He hit the rocks below and rolled. He managed to stop himself before he careened further down the valley.
With a bellow of rage he climbed to the top of a nearby premonitory. As he reached the apex, Arii sat up. He had one last spell left in him. His energy exhausted, he knew this was it. He was drawing upon a strength that seemed beyond his own. He pointed his wand at the monster. He unleashed his final spell, the one he had waited to use.
Gwaum's arms were grasping the pinnacle of the rock. He could not raise them to block the spell.
The spell flowed over the monster as he reached the top. He stood and turned his gaze towards Arii.  As Gwaum fastened his single eye on him, a glaze formed over his skin. The glaze hardened. Gwaum gave one last roar. Then he was silent. Gwaum stood still on the rock, like a statue frozen in time.
It was over. Arii had triumphed. 
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Covenant

Bearl’s arm hung at his side, limp and broken. He watched as Arii collapsed to lie face up on the face of the rock. Bearl ran to him and peered down into his face.
As he watched, the face metamorphosed from a young, healthy face, to an old, stricken one. The blue eyes focused on Bearl.
“You are the one, the man of my vision.”
“Your vision was true, Arii. We have defeated the monster. He is dead.”
Arii shook his head. “No, he is not dead. He is frozen in time.”
“It is the same thing; he can harm us no more.”
Arii smiled. It was a sad smile. “He can return. Only my continued vigilance will keep him at bay. It will be my fate to remain in this spot to contain him.”
The rest of the party joined Bearl. Turson gazed down on Arii.
“Arii, you have changed. You are no longer a young man.”
“The struggle with the creature has sapped my strength, Turson. I will soon die.”
Bearl asked, “But if you die, how will you contain the creature?”
Arii’s eyes focused upon Bearl. “Your people sought a paradise, a land they can call home. Gwaum's languishment has provided that place. And that is what will give me the strength to contain him.”
A puzzled look swept Bearl’s eyes. “How can this be?”
“Your people will occupy this land and you will have your kingdom. You will fill this kingdom with your children. Each year many of your children will reach the age of reason. When they do, you will bring them to me, on this White Rock. On that day, their tenth birthday, I will gaze into their heart and take a small portion of their life force. This life force will give me the strength to keep Gwaum at bay.”
“A portion of one’s life force is a considerable thing to give,” said Bearl.
“In return, while gazing into their heart, their true talents and gifts will be visible to me. These talents I will reveal to the children. They will be able then to focus upon the most rewarding life work for them. The kingdom will be strong because always everyone performs the tasks that best suits them. Together we will build a powerful kingdom, safe from the ravages of Gwaum.”
“It seems a fair trade, to give a small part of one's life's force to find their dreams." He bent to pick up the shards of his sword.
“You need a new sword,” said Arii.
“Yes, this one tasted Gwaum’s thick hide which has ruined it.”
Arii held his staff up. He removed his wand from the hilt of the staff and thrust the staff at Bearl. He indicated that Bearl should take it.
Bearl took the staff. As his hand touched it, it turned into a sword.
“That sword is the symbol of our covenant,” said Arii. “It is the sword of a king, and any who bear it will be a king. Any child conceived while the father wears the sword will bear a claim to its power.”
Bearl hefted the sword, raising it above his head. “It is a fine sword,” he said.
He glanced at the hilt. “It bears an emblem on the hilt.”
“It is the crest of your house, the House of Vin. It is the White Rock of Arii.”
Arii then took his wand and held it to his breast. The wand turned into a golden key.
Bearl reached for the key, but Arii held it back from him. “The key is to remain with me.”
“What does it open?”
“The Road of Terror will close behind you when you return to Cleery. It will remain closed until one returns with the key to open it.”
Bearl asked, “Who would wish to open that terrible road?”
“If someone breaks the covenant and the monster awakens someone will need to return to kill Gwaum. They must return by that road, bringing the Sword of Vin. This key will be the means to open the road.”
“Will the covenant be broken, then?”
“All covenants, with time, end, Bearl. This one is no different.”
Arii was weakening. His eyes still burned bright, but his breath was becoming fainter, his voice weaker.
“Arii,” said Turson, “You cannot die. Cirile bears your child. The child will need a father.”
Arii turned to Turson. “I have a child?"
Turson nodded. "She told me to tell you if you fell. She said that your seed will live on, as will her love for you."
"It is the child of my vision. I did not know that it was my child. I felt a connection to that child. Now I know why. Tell Nerza that is the role my vision chose for him. He must raise my son as his own son. He must teach him in the ways of a Wizard of the Golden Star. He is to be my heir. Tell Cirile my love for her will transcend my death. Here, in my new abode, I will always yearn for her.”
At this, Arii’s eyes dimmed, and then closed. His breath came slower and slower. He raised his head and coughed. His head fell back, and he was silent. A silver mist arose from the body and swirled above it. A fissure opened in the rock and the mist coalesced over it. It formed into a vortex and disappeared into the fissure, followed by the golden key.
As it did, another mist arose.
To the amazement of the watchers the mist spoke, "For years I have protected the White Rock from Gwaum. You, Arii, are the new protector and it is time for me to depart."
The mist dissolved into the gathering darkness.
Arii’s knapsack, which had fallen near the body, began to glow. It glistened in the failing sun and changed shape. It became a small wooden casket. The body of Arii shivered. It disintegrated, becoming a fine, silver dust, borne on the wings of a whirlwind. The whirlwind scooped them up and deposited them into the wooden casket. The wind then swept the casket into the fissure, which closed with a sharp crack.
The party of men stood in the fading light upon the White Rock of Arii. Bearl walked to the edge of the precipice and looked out over his new land. It did not seem the paradise promised by Arii. It was a dusty red, desolate, stinking land.
Geron stood beside Bearl. “It does not look like much of a paradise, Bearl.”
“No, it doesn’t,” said Bearl as the last rays of the sun failed. The land disappeared in darkness. 

Great energies had poured into the heavens by the struggle between Arii and Gwaum. As the sun set, storm clouds gathered. Rain began to pour, and the party of men found shelter in a rock overhang below the pillar that marked the beginning of the Road of Terror. Thunder crashed, lightning flashed, and the rains fell, an unstoppable tsunami from the heavens. All night it rained. Never had any of the men seen a storm like that unleashed by those troubled skies that night.
In the morning, the rain abated. A cloud parted and the newly born sun painted the eastern sky with the welcome colors of its radiance. Bearl and Geron emerged from their shelter and walked out upon the White Rock.
The red dust was gone, carried away by the rain-swollen river. It still bore a slight red tint as it swept away the final vestiges of the red dust. The source of the river, at the base of the White Rock, was once again clear. It was sweeping away the filth of Gwaum.
As the sun rose, and its light and warmth penetrated the bared soil, a green wave swept over the land. Millions of dormant spores and seeds burst into life. The refreshed life's fragrance arose, filling their nostrils with its sweet scent.
“Arii was right, we have inherited a paradise,” said Geron.
Bearl watched as trees, long-held captive by the power of Gwaum, grew swiftly in size and grandeur. “I think, Geron, that our people have found a home.”
“We can now return to our people, and bring them here. With Gwaum dead, all Island World will prosper again,” said Geron.
“We should first go and free the slaves,” said Turson.
“Agreed,” said Bearl. “You have been down that road, you must lead us.”
“It has been many years, and I was a captive when I last walked that road. But it followed the river, so I should find it easily.”
The men, Turson in the lead, scrambled down off the White Rock. They found the trail that led down the mountain. The trail led to the road that ran along the now clear, sparkling river. They began the long trek to the harbor, the former seat of Gwaum's power.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




Gwaum’s Fortress

All day the storm in the faraway mountains to the north raged. The Warden watched and listened to it from the prison next to the bay. He did not like it. Gwaum, his master, had left the day before. He was in a dour mood, and those moods were always dangerous.
Near sunset, the storms in the distance ceased. A peace settled over the land. The Warden did not like this, either. The prisoners seemed restive, as though clutching a hope they did not have before. He ordered the guards to be extra vigilant. There would be no prisoner uprising in his Master’s absence.
Then the rains came. They poured from the dark skies. The river rose. The Warden did not sleep. He watched from his upper chamber window. He saw little, heard nothing but the relentless cascade of the rain.
He turned to his bed and saw the wench that was waiting for his attentions. In the morning, the sun would return. The other hunting party was due back soon. Gwaum would return. All would be well. He disrobed and slipped into his bed. 

Nath watched the northeastern skies, his eyes curious at the sight. “What do you make of it?”
Curn, his companion on the top of the rock outcropping, answered, “I do not know. It is a fierce storm, coming out of those mountains.”
“It has raged all day. I believe it is over that white rock that marks the beginning of the road through the mountains.”
“I hope it abates soon, as we must pass that way tomorrow.”
His eye swept their fresh group of prisoners. Gwaum would not be hungry. He thought about his wife, waiting for him in his cottage near the prison. He had been gone a month. He longed for her, and the comforts she gave. He looked forward to seeing his children.
As the sun reached the western horizon, the storm stopped.
“We had best make camp,” said Curn. “Set the watches and stake the prisoners.”
Nath nodded and moved off to implement the commands. He, too, had a concubine to return to, as well as a son and a young daughter. By tomorrow night, he should see both. 

The intoxicating fragrance of the freed land made the travelers almost giddy with its exuberance. No one impeded their journey. The sun, its golden-yellow rays fell upon the new, green growth. The red dust was gone, and the river, now sparkling and pure, glistened under its light.
The growth of the trees and grass and flowers had been nothing short of miraculous. It seemed the land was trying to make up for decades of lost growth in just a few days. Trees, already four inches in diameter, covered the hills. Wildflowers spread their wealth of color along the road, a welcome spring after the long winter of Gwaum.
Turson plodded along, gazing upon the landscape with adoring eyes. Senn, his son, walked beside him.
“I would like to settle in this land,” said Senn.
“It is much different from it was on my last visit. Then it was barren, a land of death. Now it is alive with promise. I, too, would like to settle here, if Sali would consent to it.”
As he said these words, the way the river bent and certain other landmarks caught his eye.
He leaned forward and tapped the man in front of him on the shoulder.
Bearl held up his hand, and the column stopped. He looked at Turson.
“We are nearing the prison,” he said.
Bearl turned and studied the road ahead of him. It was late in the fourth day of their trek. With good horses they could have traveled this distance in two days. However, they did not have horses.
“We will make camp ahead, in that copse of trees. Then we will send a party on ahead to reconnoiter.”
A short time later Bearl and Turson stood on a knoll overlooking the valley. Beyond the bend in the river, a tributary entered the river. In the distance, they could see the outline of the bay.
“The land has changed since I was here last,” said Turson. “The prison was near the entry to the road. It was right on the bay. The creature used the bay to supply fish to feed the prisoners. Water came from a spring which flowed down from the old city and near the prison.”
“There is no sign of a city there, just piles and piles of rubble.”
“Gwaum destroyed it. Sali and I hid there while plotting to save the prisoners.”
“What do you think is our best course of action?”
Turson studied the terrain before them. “After dark, we can get in without the guards seeing us. The ones in the watchtowers watch the prisoners, not on what is going on outside the walls. They do not have to worry about any threat. The ones not on duty occupy themselves with food, drink and whatever women they have taken from among the prisoners.”
“How many guards do you think are on duty?”
“When we were here, there were just a few. I am sure that Gwaum has increased their numbers after we made our escape. He will want to ensure that doesn’t happen again.”
“So there are now many guards?”
Turson nodded. “Gwaum has had many years to build up his force.”
Bearl thought of his own small force. There were too many for a dozen men to take on.
“What do we do after we get in?”
“There was a loose stone on one of the walls. If that stone is still intact, we can communicate with the people within. We can find out many things which we will need to know to form a plan for killing the guards and freeing the prisoners.”
“That sounds like a plan,” Bearl said. “Let’s get closer while the daylight lasts and we can still see. Then we go in and see if all is as you say.” 

Turson and Bearl stood in the darkness near the wall of the prison.
As he studied the wall, Turson said, “They have expanded it, adding to the wall along the western and southern sections. However, this side they have not touched. I made a mark on the stone. If we are lucky I shall be able to feel that mark.”
They crept along, Turson taking time to feel several stones as they went. The night grew older. Finally, Turson cried out in success.
“I have found it.”
He wriggled the stone free. As it dropped to the earth, Turson peered into the darkness within.
He cupped his hands around his mouth and in a loud whisper, asked, “Is anyone there?”
A face appeared in the hole.
“Who are you?”
“Friends,” said Turson. “Gwaum will not return. We have seen his destruction just four days ago.”
“Was that what the storm in the mountains was all about?”
“Yes. We will tell you more about that later. We want to rescue you, but we only have a few men. How many guards are there?”
After a brief pause, he whispered his answer, “There are around fifty men. Two in each guard tower and the rest scattered about in stone cottages around the prison.”
“We saw those cottages and wondered at them. Do the guards still choose from among the women prisoners?”
“Some do. They have chosen some women as permanent consorts. The women choose the rewards of better food, clothing and shelter to their fate inside these walls.”
Turson considered the words. He did not say he blamed these women, considering their fate otherwise.
“Can we trust any of these women?”
“Some.”
“Do you know which, and can you communicate with them?”
“Yes.”
“How many can we trust?”
“We can trust about twenty of them. The guards usually choose these women for only one night, tossing them away like a worn shoe. There are more women in here that they rarely choose. The rest will betray us. They have grown loyal to the men they serve, and in most cases have children by them. These women will want to protect what they have.”
Turson glanced at Bearl. “This task is much tougher than it was when Sali and I escaped. There are more guards, and these guards have families.”
“You have escaped?” the question came from the hole in the wall.
“Yes. I am Turson. My wife Sali and I escaped from this place many years ago. But there were not so many guards then.”
“There is more you should know, then. A hunting party is due to arrive. They have been gone over a month. When the Raiders return they will reinforce the guards.”
“We do not have much time,” said Turson. “If the hunting party gets back there will be many more men to deal with.”
“Let me gather some of the prisoners. The women can help us choose the cottages of guards who do not have permanent concubines. They will also know where the armory is so we can arm ourselves.”
It took some time for Turson to relay all this information to Bearl, who could not understand the speech of the man in the hole.
Bearl considered the information relayed by the prisoner. “We had best do as he suggests,” he said, finally. “It would be best to take a day to plan, but by tomorrow the hunting party may come back with more prisoners and enhance the guard’s numbers. Tell him to gather the ones he can gather and get them out here. I will go back to the men who are waiting and bring them here.”
Bearl disappeared into the darkness.
Turson spoke again into the hole, “Can you gather the people now?”
“Yes, there is a rule against conversation or travel between the prison cells after dark. But, there are ways that we have done this in the past. I will get the ones I can.”
“Then do it.” Turson sat down. The wait seemed an eternity. 

By morning, the task was complete. The guards sat, bound and gagged, in the prison compound, guarded by the prisoners that they had abused. There had not been one battle, rather a series of quiet ones. The freed prisoner women identified the houses in which only a single guard lived. They overwhelmed them in their cottages.
After the accomplished this, they took the other cottages one at a time. They gathered the families of the guards and the absent hunters under the watchful eyes of the former prisoners. Only the guards in the towers were still free.
As the night faded into morning, Bearl stood in the center of the prison, flanked by Turson, Senn and his men.
He raised his sword and glanced at Turson, who began to speak.
“Guards in the tower, Gwaum is dead. We have freed the prisoners. You must give way. We have your families. If you surrender, we will spare your lives. If not, you will starve in your towers.”
The sun edged higher in the sky. One by one and the guards in the towers surrendered, joining their bound cohorts in the prison.
“We will set up an ambush along the road,” said Bearl. "When that hunting party returns, we will surprise and subdue them.”
Turson nodded. They chose some able-bodied men from amongst the prisoners. Bearl walked the line of men with satisfaction gleaming in his eyes. There were almost sixty armed men. Most had no training as soldiers it was true. That did not matter. They outnumbered the guards, who would be in two small companies, one at the front of the prisoner column, the other at the rear.
As he reviewed the small troop, he gave his instructions to Turson, who relayed them to the men.
“We will go up the road until we find a suitable spot for an ambush. We will split in two groups and lay in wait. When we sight the column approaching, I will whistle thus.”
Bearl stuck two fingers in his mouth and gave a single, sharp whistle.
“We will wait for the first of the column to pass. When you hear a second whistle, the second group will attack the first group of hunters. We will attack the following group. Take care to not harm the prisoners.”
At this he formed the men into a column and off they marched. They choose a spot in the road where it curved. A forested hill arose beside it.
“This is a good spot,” said Turson. “The back of the column cannot see the front of the column. The surprise of our attack will be complete.”
As the sun reached zenith, Bearl heard the signal from his sentry. The column was approaching. In a few minutes, he could see them. It was the same formation of the first group of hunters he had attacked. It was a disorganized knot of men at the front of the column. They had the prisoners strung in a line, tied together, followed by another group of guards.

As the first hunters went by, Bearl emitted a sharp whistle. This attracted the attention of the walking guards, who were already nervous about the changes they saw in the land. It was plain they were completely disconcerted by the green land. The leader of the column signaled a stop. His eyes perused the trees and brush lining the road. He pulled his sword and advanced.
Bearl and his men waited. Silence. The leader signaled for the column to proceed. As the last group came into sight and lay in front of him, Bearl gave the second whistle.
They rushed from their hiding places and surrounded the hunters, who drew their swords.
Senn stepped forward. “We have you surrounded. Gwaum is dead. Your companions are now prisoners, held by your former prisoners. Lay down your arms and surrender and we will spare your lives.”
Outnumbered and surrounded, Curn threw his sword down. His men, looks of disgust on their faces, followed his lead.
It was over. They had freed the prisoners and the last of Gwaum’s hunting bands captured. Island World would finally be at peace.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Monster Sleeps

King Bearl gazed into the smiling eyes of his new bride. Senneel, radiant in her wedding dress, glowed like a jewel in the afternoon sun. He clasped her hands and pulled her close. He thought about that day, which seemed now so long ago, when he first saw her, standing beside her brother Senn and her father, Turson.
Beautiful and brave, she had swept him away. Behind her, the other bride was walking towards him, her new husband, Senn, holding her hand. The first royal wedding in their new land was a double wedding as brothers married sisters. He had never seen Marial so happy.
His eye wandered to the stone cottage to which they would soon retire. It was no palace, but it was a home. The palace could come later, when there was time and resources to build one. 
“Let’s go for a walk,” Bearl said to his wife. 
She smiled and said, “All right. Let’s walk along the river.”
Together they strolled along the new stone paved road that overlooked the clear, beautiful waters of the river. The River Fleet, Marial had named it, and the River Fleet it name remained.
As they walked, Bearl looked with satisfaction on the sight before him. A riverside garden replaced the former prison. Neat stone cottages had replaced the rude stone huts of the guards.
The small city was growing. The people were spreading along the river, establishing small farms and vineyards. Bearl was happy. They had found their paradise. He looked west. Far in the distance, he knew that the White Rock gleamed in the late day sun. The promise of the old mariner had come true.

Nerza was watching the same late afternoon sun as its rays fell upon the valley of the River Fleet. Behind him, he could hear the voice of Turis as he practiced his spells. He was a smart lad, with a lot of promise. In a couple of years, he would have to leave to learn wizard craft and follow in the footsteps of his father, Arii.
His mind wandered to Cirile, who spent the evenings sitting on the White Rock, bathed in a silver cloud. She had insisted upon moving to this desolate spot. So here they had come, and built a stone cottage in the meadow below the Rock so, she could be near the resting place of her lover and friend.
It was thus that Nerza became the first Guardian of the White Rock. He oversaw the ceremony by which Arii gained his strength, and gave strength back to the kingdom. Each year the pilgrimage of ten year olds grew larger. 
Red Man Rock, the frozen visage of the monster Gwaum, stared, dark and terrible, over the valley. The monster slumbered, held in check by the power of the wizard Arii and his covenant with the Kings of this new land. Acerland, Bearl had dubbed it, after the abundant Acer trees which occupied the slopes of the hills above the river.
The monster slept, and the land was at peace. It was a good feeling and Nerza was happy.
Back to The Covenant Table of Contents
Back to Table of Contents




The Works of A. E. Mableson
Short Stories
The Blessing
Warlock Revenge
The Covenant
Benny, Benny, Short as a Penny
My God, She's A Witch
Dunking for Apples
Five Fantastic Fantasy Tales Vol. 1
Ashes in the Hearth
Don't Eat the Hole of a Doughnut
The Head in the Window
The Hole
The Man in the Window
Five Fantastic Fantasy Tales Vol. 2
Ten Fantastic Fantasy Tales

Tales for the Campfire Series
Footsteps
Pets
Appointment
Five Tales for the Campfire
What's in the Cooler, Mister?
Field of Snakes
The Woman in the Wind
The Sinkhole
The Dinner Bell Rings at Midnight
Halloween Party
The Hungry House
The Skull Garden
Five Tales for the Campfire – Volume Two
Ten Tales for the Campfire

Novels and Novellas
The Magic Pipe
Halloween Party
Demon Soul
Barn of Fear

Epic Fantasy Series - Tales of Island World.
Wizard of the Golden Star - Part I – Tale of the White Rock
The Rise of Gwaum- Part II – Tale of the White Rock
Promise of the White Rock- Part III – Tale of the White Rock
The Covenant- Part IV – Tale of the White Rock
Tale of the White Rock – Full Novel
Awakening – Part I Time of Troubles
Turmoil Part II Time of Troubles
Borr Part III Time of Troubles
The Oasis Part IV Time of Troubles
Time of Troubles – Full Novel
Restoration – Part I - The Order of Solaun
Zerena – Part II - The Order of Solaun
The Order of Solaun Part III - The Order of Solaun
Gault Part IV - The Order of Solaun
Full Novel - The Order of Solaun
The Rise of Acerland - Part I Title to be Determined
Glade of Death- Part II Title to be Determined
The Lament of Arii- Part III Title to be Determined
Tale of the Crystal Eye - Part IV Title to be Determined
Tale of Tarque- Part V Title to be Determined
The Call of the White Rock - Part VI Title to be Determined
The Return of Tarque - Part VII Title to be Determined
The Flight of Miralba - Part VIII Title to be Determined
Pirates- Part VIX Title to be Determined
Novel - Title to be Determined
The Pirate King
The Wizard King
The Search of the King
Epic Fantasy Series - Tales of Island World
The Six Kingdoms of Island World prospered, their people secure and happy, until the rise of Gwaum.
The forces of forbidden magic drew Gwaum forth from the depths of fire. He destroyed the mighty kingdoms, one after another, until nothing remained but fear and despair.
Hope sprang anew when Arii, a young Wizard of the Golden Star, arose. After Gwaum killed Arii’s family, Arii thirsted to destroy him. Arii grew in power and wisdom until the day that he would challenge Gwaum on Mount Qui. Arii was powerful, but Gwaum was stronger and prevailed. An ally stepped from the darkness. Would their combined power be enough?
Tale of the White Rock is the first volume of the epic, historical fantasy series, Tales of Island World. In this fantasy series, the powerful Wizards of the Golden Star rise to use their magic and courage to battle the evil monster Gwaum. Then they have to battle other threats to their homeland of Island World, as well.

About A. E. Mableson:

Writer of both fantasy short stories and novels the bulk of A. E. Mableson's tales deal with the magical realm of Island World. The epic adventure fantasy series Tales of Island World relates the history of this unfortunate world.  Island World lives under the curse of the evil creature Gwaum. 
Born of fire in the ancient realm of Napoli, Gwaum grew in power until he became stronger than his master, the Wizard Darnay. His first meal was to devour an unfortunate young woman. This fueled a desire for the taste of human flesh that consumed the monster. 
The epic fantasy adventure series Tales of Island World begins with the novella, Wizard of the Golden Star. Arii was the greatest Wizard of the Golden Star of all the ages. He arises in the forests of Island World as the monster Gwaum holds sway over the land. As a young boy he watched, horrified, as Gwaum devoured his family as he picked red berries for his mother to turn into a delicious pie. 
His uncle, sensing a premonition that something was wrong, finds the young boy hiding in the forest. He adopts Arii and teaches him wizard craft. Thus begins the epic struggle as Arii seeks to destroy the monster that destroyed his family.
The first phase of the history of Island World continues with the next three tales of this series. These include The Rise of Gwaum, The Promise of the White Rock and The Covenant. Bound together in a single novel, these novellas form The Tale of the White Rock. 
The Tale of the White Rock is the beginning novel in the series Tales of Island World. The series chronicles tales that which encompass the history of that faraway, mystical land.

J. R. R. Tolkien’s masterful Lord of the Rings books captured A. E. Mableson’s imagination. He then sought to create his own fantasy world. This culminated in the writing of Tales of Island World. Mossy Feet Books hopes that you will enjoy the epic adventure fantasy creations in the novels of A. E. Mableson.

Chapter One of the Wizard of the Golden Star appears at the end of this ebook. 

If you would like email notification of when new installments of
The Tales of Island World Series become available email the author for inclusion in the subscription list.
Contact A. E. Mableson
mailto:aemableson@gmail.com
Find these books on Mossy Feet Books
Back to Table of Contents




Sample Chapter – Chapter One – The Awakening
Chapter One
The Fall of Torne

King Nyle Lithian watched his army's destruction from the castle tower. The air swirled with red dust that began to settle over the land around Cleery, imparting an unwholesome stink to the city. His ears rang with the sound of the monster Gwaum as it bellowed from the hills above.
"Gwaum has beaten us," he said to his First Minister, Niram Trum.
Trum's voice trembled with the fear his eyes showed. "What shall we do, Sire?"
The King's answer was simple. "Flee."
They descended the stone steps to the king's court. Queen Betsa stood near the window overlooking the courtyard, their young son Ruther by her side. She turned as the King entered the chamber.
"Gwaum has defeated the army," she said, her voice quaking in terror.
"We must get out of the castle," the King said.
With a glance at Niram, he said, "Gather the court aides and their families and go to the dungeons."
A deep rumbling sound emanated from the walls of the castle. A column gave way and the stones it supported fell, filling the chamber with dust and debris. Prince Ruther's sobs blended with the crash of falling stones.
Niram's eyes glazed as terror possessed his soul. "The buildings will bury us, Sire."
"Just do as I order." The king said, his voice harsh with urgency, impelling the terror-stricken Niram to act. He disappeared into a corridor.
The King walked to a tapestry which contained the royal coat of arms and which covered the wall behind the throne. Pulling the tapestry aside, he pressed a dark-colored stone. A trap door in the floor fell away, revealing a dark passage with stone steps. Cool, dank smelling air swept across his nostrils. His eyes fastened on the Queen. "Take the Prince down to the passage. You know the way."
The Queen's dark eyes fastened on her husband. "What will you do?"
The king withdrew his scabbard from its place on the wall and belted it on. He pulled on a chain that hung from his neck. A crystal hung from the chain, a crystal that glowed with a silver radiance. He handed it to the Queen. The radiance dimmed.
“I now pass the rule of the kingdom to you, Betsa. You must find a way to save our son Ruther and sustain the kingdom. I will not give up the kingdom to Gwaum without defending it."
"You will die, Nyle. Don't do this rash thing, my husband. Escape with us. We need you."
"I will not hide like a rat while this creature ravages my kingdom, killing my subjects. My duty is to my people. Take the boy. The House of Lithian will survive. Take the Star of Torne and wear it."
She put the necklace around her neck. As the crystal touched her skin, the radiance returned. She was now the ruler of Torne.
Another bellow from the monster boomed across the city. Portions of the floor fell away and the wall of the king's chamber collapsed. Red dust drifted into the room. A putrid stink filled the air.
"Go," he said.
The Queen, tears brimming in her eyes, paused. She threw her arms around her king, husband and lover. Their hands clasped and they bathed themselves in the glow of one last kiss. One last time he felt her cool, smooth skin. Then he let go.
"Go, Betsa. Take our son and flee."
The queen took Ruther's hand and she led them to the passage.
"Papa, Papa, come with us," the boy said, a sob punctuating his plea.
"Go, my son. Someday you will return as King."
More stones fell and the Queen pulled the Prince behind her as her feet clattered down the stone steps towards the dungeon. The king watched them. A moment later a stone fell, crashing into the floor, covering the passage. He could feel the palace shudder. He darted into the hall. Stones lay scattered around the passage, blocking his passage. He turned and ran the other way. Threading his way through the destruction, he found another stair. Down he went. Upon reaching the bottom, he kicked at the door that led outside. A moment after he emerged into the courtyard. His feet pumped against the cobblestone street as he ran from the castle. The acrid smell of smoke choked him as he ran. A loud crash announced its fall. He turned to see his once fine palace now a heap of rubble, dust arising from its remains. A moment later, he turned and ran towards the hill, sword drawn. All around he could hear the sound of screams and moans of people caught in their fallen buildings. Fires erupted from many of the rubble piles as cooking fires spread to the wooden support beams. Smoke billowed across the rubble-filled streets, choking him and burning his eyes. People milled about, confused and terrified.
"Run for the hills," the king said, his voice ringing out above the din. "Save yourselves."
The creature, his task of destroying the city complete, strode into the streets. His eye roamed about, seeking more morsels for his insatiable belly. The king stopped.
Gwaum's eyes fastened on the King's royal garb.
"So, I have found the king," he said. "I love the taste of royal flesh."
His hand descended towards the king. The King drew his sword and stabbed at the palm. Gwaum bellowed in pain and his red blood coated the King's upturned face.
Gwaum's eye burned in anger. "You will die now."
"You will not get me without more of your vile blood staining my land."
Gwaum hesitated. He did not wish to fight this man. He had no desire to shed more of his own blood. He pointed at the king with a red finger. There was a flash of light, followed by a sharp cracking sound. Flamed leaped from a nearby fire and engulfed the king. His body fell to the ground, charred and smoking.
"I prefer my meat raw," said Gwaum as he picked the king's body from the stone street. "But you I will eat cooked."
He dangled the body over his mouth for a second, and then dropped it into his maw.
The Kingdom of Torne thus ended. 

High above the hills above the city a group of people hurried along a narrow path. Queen Betsa stopped for an instant to survey their surroundings. Below them, they could see the fires of the city of Cleery as it burned. Gwaum stalked the city, stooping occasionally to pick up a morsel to feed on. Screams, muted by distance, rose in a terrible shroud of sound from the destruction.
Ignoring the terror that slithered down her spine, she turned to search the rocky bluff that towered over the trail. A familiar landmark teased her eye. Pressing against a rock a rumbling sound announced the opening of a dark crevice in the bluff. She pushed the young prince into the dark opening. "Go, Ruther. I will come soon."
"Enter the crevice," she said to the line of people behind her. "Go quickly before Gwaum turns to see us."
One by one, the refugees scurried into the crevice. As the last one entered, she stepped inside.
Servants had lit the torches and they lent their smoky odor to the already acrid air. She pressed a stone besides the opening and the crevice closed. She looked at the Prince as he stood facing her. A torch flickered behind him, shrouding his face in darkness.
She closed her eyes for one moment. By now, the king had surely met his fate. This morning she had awakened full of hope that the wizards would prevail and that they would defeat the monster. The horror of their fall and then the crushing defeat of the last of the king's army changed her life forever.
Queen Betsa opened her eyes. She was now the leader of her people and this dark cavern was her realm.
Back to Table of Contents

If you would like email notification of when new installments of
The Tales of Island World Series become available email the author for inclusion in the subscription list.
Join A. E. Mableson on Facebook
http://www.facebook.com/aemablesonfantasy
Mossy Feet Books
www.facebook.com/Mossy-Feet-Books


