TO AMERICA AND BACK
novel by
Mordechai Landsberg




Copyright © 2012 by Mordechai Landsberg
Smashwords Edition



PART 1



CHAPTER 1


For the expected emigration of his family from Israel to America, Solomon Kaplasky hired a private English teacher. His wife Ramona and his son Nahumik agreed to learn the language together. To Solomon himself - English was quite familiar, as he had taken courses in Berlitz a few years before. The  teacher was  the retired chief  clerk of  the post office in the small Israeli town, where they were living. His name was Mr. Traub, and he began to visit Kaplansky’s flat in the evenings and study with the mother and son “Reader 1” elemenatry book. He also bought for them the book: ‘English Through Pictures’(Washington Square Publishing)- which  had been then a best  seller. 
The dilligent boy  Nahumik soon discovered, that it would not be too difficult for  him  to  remember  by  heart  the most necessary elementary  words.  His mother,  Ramona, joined  him in those lessons. She advanced better than him, knowing some English before, having had taken a course in Prague University, more than ten years before…After six months of study, Ramona had  become impatient to remain in any more in Israel. So she told to her husband Solomon, that whatever they had learned till than – had been enough: It was time to sail to the land of unlimited possibilities, United Staes.

Less than a year had passed since Israel War of Independence. The feet of the photographer, his wife and two sons – Nahumik and Danny, were uprooted from the streets of their town and from the land of Israel.  On board the ship that took the  family abroad - only the boy Nahumik really hated the sudden change his soul and in his surrounding. But he had known that nothing could be done against the bitter reality. Better he should try to forget, better look at the blue foaming sea and look curiously at the passengers and discern the sailors’ many types of efforts. 
Solomon Kaplansky had an acquaintant in U.S., who became for him like his ship’s anchor. The man was an artist- painter and Theater Set Manager, who had emigrated from Israel to Los Angeles a few years before, and became a quite known in the studios. In those days it was a common phenomenon, that children and elders would write to the studios – with which actors’ and actresses’ and other professionals had been connected to – and Public Relations offices were trying to promote their films and artists’ careers as well: They would mail to fans and films’ lovers all over the world - autographs and even letters of thanks, originally handwritten by the worshipped artists. The Cinema newspapers and magazines were used to publish the addresses of  studios, and sometimes list the also the names of the most important stuff members of movie productions at that particular time...
Maybe by that way Solomon Kaplansky discovered the studio address, where his friend was employed. He wrote to Theodor Farbstein (so Nahumik remembered years afterwards)‘A Letter of help request’, and in good English. In that he was helped by The Municipality’s Architect Reu-el Hoffman, who was living not far away. This man had been working long years with the the British Authorities in Palestine, and was familiar with five languages: In addition to Hebrew - he spoke French, English, Russian and Yiddish. He liked the idea of people who would love to leave Israel, for ideological as well as personal reasons: he hated wars, like Solomon himself. In his talks with the phoptographer- he would sneer, mocking about  the new reality in the State of Israel of that time: “Receiving a million of immigrants, refugees from eastern Europe and the Arab countries- would cause a destruction of the economical and social life here. Had I a gun,” he would declare to Solomon, “I would have killed the irresponsible hazrdous zionist leaders here…”
Solomon wrote to his friend Farbstein in LA about his son’s –Elkano- death in the war. He described the very hard impact of the disaster on him, that had brought him a heart failure.  Now having recoverd – he continued - he would simply like to get out and free himself and his family  from bearing the dark atmosphere, from an everlasting recall of his bereavement in that cursed land. He should simply try to forget his sad past in the so called Jewish Land. . .Then he explained his decision to study the ‘Future of Professional Photographing’ envisaged in the art of Movies. And as he, Solomon, was having a long experience in ‘regular conventional photography’, he would succeed there by hard studying. In short, he will be thankful if Farbstein could be helpful to him – at least in the first days, showing him where to lay on – his own head, and his family members’ heads as well. 
Farbstein found for Kaplansky’s family  a modest apartment in an old suburb, not far from the place that he had been dwelling, close to Hollywood. We don’t know if it had been close to Primrose avenue(maybe once Nahumik mentioned that name) or another place, maybe near Franklin avenue of today. The actor himself guided Solomon where he could find a course for film photographing, even for film production: It had been opened then, and was not expensive. The English that Kaplansky had studied in Palestine, at time of the British Mandate, was not enough for understanding thoroughly all the lectures and practices in the said course. But Solomon understood the ‘main points’, as he told Ramona. He began to feel that he would be able to stand sound on the ground in the new country, with its ‘unlimited possibilities.’ He was so satisfied of himself toward the end of the course, that he decided that it had been enough to study (he finished the Course but had not received a Diplom or Certificate). He should open a photography store business, and make a living for his family. The cinematic Big Dream may be postponed, for the time being…
At that time Solomon found an Immigration Agent, who advised him that he should hold a certain Certificate in order to maintain a resident status; otherwise he might be removed out of United States. Nahumik was still a boy then, eleven years old. But when he became a teenager – he knew that his parents had already held such certificates: They were allowed to work in their store without fear. He assumed that as an expert in faking all kinds of ducuments- it was not difficult for Solomon to organize something regarding that document (it has been called later ‘the Green Card’).

Nahumik’s move to American school daily life was not easy at all. He could not adapt nor accommodate himself swiftly to the change in thye new surrounding, having arrived from an Israeli school, in which he studied till then - to a foreign country’s suburban Elementary School. His emotional and mental big trouble(as he remembered it years after all had happened)  came out mainly from his un-forgiving, pedant and narrrow minded English teacher. She seemed to ignore his foreign origin and frequently mocked at his strange dialect and mumblings, while he would search what English words to use, while asked to answer a question that she had raised in class. His humiliation was obvious to all the pupils present in the class. His English vocabulary was really very dull. While the other pupils were reading a story very quickly, and proved a well understanding some of Mark Twain’s book, Nahumik could hardly understand its plot. When he was requested by his teacher to describe Huckleberry Fin’s looking, for example, he could hardly say: “the boy pants were …” and then stopped talking. His teacher turned to another boy, and after he said “Huck’s pants were torn,” and another said: “he was shabby dressed,” - the cruel teacher chuckled, and rebuked the new comer, Nahumik. She declared: “I have to talk with your mother about your poor knowledge of our language. Not only in speaking,  but regarding every aspect of words and grammer - all in all…”  
No pupil in the class understood the precise meaning of ‘aspect’- ‘but sometime teachers talk in order to make his sentences complicated’, thought Nahumik, ‘by that showing their deeep knowledge and superiority over us, the children.’
On 	the first “parents’ winter meeting evening” with the ‘educating teacher’, Ramona heard Mrs. Betty Smartpool saying: “This pupil has a very poor oral language. If he continues to disregard his spelling mistakes and not pay attention to what each word means- he will fail in his year-end exams. He’ll get the lowest grade I had ever given a pupil in my career. You must understand, Mrs. Raimonda- what all that means: If the boy fails in learning the States’ language, he is doomed… Do you follow up his homework preparation? It seems to me that he does not dedicate himself to  a solemn learning of our basic words and their meaning. And even  the form of the English letters that he writes- is terrible: They seem like Greek to me…”
“Sorry,” said Ramona, “I have an infant at home, Nahumik’s brother.” 
She revealed to the teacher that she and her family had been used to write Hebrew, not Greek. “and you can understand,” she continued, “that I can’t control Nahum, my son… But I’m sure that he has enough brain in head, I know him. He will close the gap , that derives from our being new immigrants. So, I ask you: Please be considerate to behave patiently and tolerantly to him…”
Dear reader, don’t wonder about the form of such a seemingly rich idiom, that Ramona had  put into her sentence. She had prepared the expressive words before, using a vucabulary, knowing she would use them in her argue with the teacher. 
“Well, I’ll be patient,” murmured the teacher. She was a sixty years old witch, her skin folded and callused face showing that, in addition to her grey hair and beetroot color lipstick; and the short skirt she was wearing, (that emphasized the twisting veins and of her legs) could not hide her old age either. 
“My pupil Nahumik has to be assisted by an external power,” the teacher added a vague hint, “so that his end-year grade will be improved. Otherwise…”
“What do you mean by that?” asked Ramona, understanding that her adversary was trying to load on her back an expensive cost, for hiring  a he-or-she private teacher for Nahumik.
“There is a friend of mine,” said the teacher, Mrs. Smartpool, without reddening, “Her name is Doris Fox, I’ll talk to her about you son. She will assist him in homework- for a relatively poor amount. I rely on her ability to help and make the kid advance.”
So it happened that the woman teacher’s friend became Nahumik’s private English teacher for three months. She had a simple teaching method: She ordered him to repeat words by heart and write them properly in his special copybook, and in “innocent writing”- as that was called in those days, which means- every letter of a word in its right place, and every tail or head of  F or T etc. – in its due shape and its height in the copybook’s line.
At the end of the fiorst year of his English private study, Nahumik got the recommendation of his “priv” –as he shortly called her, that he can pass and step to the Elementary Upper Class. She remarked, while talking to the English regular teacher, that Nahum Kaplansky would better- of course- continue study with her on the following yeartoo… But at that time the Kaplnsky family moved to another area, and Nahumik began to join a new school. In that school he was lucky to have a very sympathetic male teacher for English, who would never make a pupil fail, never would force him to attend the same class for two years. So – even a failing pupil like our Nahumik  succeeded to climb to the next class, the sixth Elementary Class. “Simply,” this teacher would say, “We have to let everyone to reach the sixth very soon, get rid of him in this point, and forget him. It’s a vanity and unjust – to let a pupil remain in the last class of Elementary. What’s  the benefit of that?”
But Nahumik’s troubles did not end with that. While he entered the first class of Secondary school, he met a new pedant and strict she-teacher who wished to make his ‘life short’ – as he complained to his mother. So, Ramona went heavy hearted to the first ‘parents’ meeting, and teacher Miss Betty Middletown announced, that she would recommend “to ban the boy from passing to the second class next. He fails and refails in all the exams, and his homework is very poor too. I pity his future, madam. Therefore I speak so bluntly. Your son Nahum mixes singular with plural, the tense he uses in his sentences is always the present one, his vocabulary is of a five years kid, and the compositions that he writes are very poor, as each one includes only two sentences, and that’s rare too!”
“I understand…” said Ramona, who had remembered the previous teacher, in the Elementary school, “I presume that you suggest to me that I’ll  hire for him a private she-teacher, like we had done last year?”
“I propose a male teacher for the boy, madam. I recommend of Mr. Jack Taub…He is an ex-movies actor, here is his business card. He had acted mainly in the films of Wilder and  Huston and Cecil De Mill, performing as an outstanding, impressive ststist ... He’s really also an excellant English teacher, and I’m sure he would give your son a serious push in our language. Even if the is a stubborn refuser, as we would say. Jack is both a comical and tragic actor, so the kid will be entertained, and that will improve his wish and dedication to his language study. Well, I am sure that your son will understand that his future depends on that, and will collaborate. He already owns a basic treasure of knowledge, so why lose it?...Given in Jack’s hands- his success is ensured and undoubted, rely on my words... Your dear kid is called Nahum… A Biblical nice name, isn’t it?” 
Ramona immediately hired the famous teacher Jack, who was a nice elder male of seventy at that time, and would arrive in Nahumik’s home two afternoons a week at six p.m...
 First of all, Jack wisely demanded from his pupil to write only short sentences. 
“For summarizig and describing a story’s character,” he said to his pupil, “you have to find and put on paper his main features, physical, spiritual and habitual- so to say. In class you would learn adapted stories of American authors, that had been found fit for teenagers…So, no big problem,” continued Jack, “you’ll have to learn by heart some important sentences that I will dictate to you about each story. In case of a cursed exam, by which your teacher would surprise you from time to time- you’ll find the proper sentences and insert them as answers to the questionaire. It would be like fixing an iron nail into a soft wooden board. See what I mean?  O’Key?”
“Will such a system enable me at least a grade-mark ‘pass’,” asked weary and worried Nahumik.
“Of course, therefore I’m here to guide you what and how to prepare. Don’t fear to insert even a sentence that you surely know to have  a weak connection to the correct, precise and aspired answer…”
The system worked. Nahumik knew vaguely what to write about Hamlet and about the characters of adapted American stories, that his class had studied, (Jack London and O’ Henry and Bennet were among them)…But he passed the exams.
At that period Nahumik discovered a ‘Romantic Connection’ between his morning woman teacher and his afternoon private male teacher Jack. One day he looked outside of his room’s window, and saw how Miss Betty Middletown was arriving slowly towards his house and waiting for Jack near an avenue tree. Then the two sweethearts were walking side by side. He discerned that they were cautious not to give hands to one another of embrace, like afraid from being seen too linked together in public. Jack’s hands were crossed behind his back, his palms fondly ‘caress one another’; and the teacher Betty was grabbing her white purse, and her face turned up to look at Jack’s face, while listening to his wise words to her. 
‘They seem to talk about the world, or about people’s problems,’ Nahumik reflected, ‘maybe they even philosophize about some other subject …But why should I push my nose into their business?…”
Had Nahumik listened at that second to Jack, he would have heard him saying:
“All my life I thought that Jewish Philosopher Espinoza had correctly said: ‘No love- except the intellectual love, will continue forever’… But we will proceed in our relationship, Betty, as we know and like and appreciate each other’s rich wisdom and wealthy life experience… What d’you say about that?”
“Of course, my opinion is like yours, dear ,” said Betty with a joyfull laugh.
When Nahumik told his mom Ramona about his discovery regarding the queer couple, she told him that she had already inquired her clients about the two. I was revealed to her that what her son had occasionally seen - was the ‘naked truth’.(Ramona did not use these words while telling that to the boy, of course)  
“What is strange in all that?” interferred Solomon in their talk, as it was at dinner time, when the family members were sitting together. “We are not said to denounce Miss Betty Middletown for that maneuvre to provide some earning to her sweetheart. ..You understand, Nahumik, that this is the manner that people behave. And teachers are not angels.”
 Kaplansky was talking very decisively, and the boy knew that there were cases in which Solomon’s wisdom would reflect the concrete reality, or the ‘situation As Is’. Though this had raised in Nahumik some resistance and sourness. Solomon’s ideas were som,etimes based only  on blunt facts, but sharply styled: ‘They create in me a mixed feeling- of appreciation and nausea,’ – thought Nahumik.
So, the English teacher found a pretty solution to pupil Nahumik’s language problem. But  there was another teacher, who was no less trouble maker, and she was called Missis Algebra. She was young, and her surname was Elizabeth. Her original red hair was changed to be dark black. Her nose was quite nice, and she had tried to erase the freckles out of it and out of her cheeks - by a certain ointment or ‘cosmetic Operation’, so the class’ girls would say. She had a somewhat protuberant belly,. though she was very meagre, and not once there were gossip rumors that she was just pregnant at that time. But…
“But from whom?” Nahumik raised that question to his best friend Wolfee, a Jew like himself, “We have heard that her husband is serving in the American Army near Frankfurt, Germany-  and she is here, a lonely cat.”
“I’ve paid attention’” said Wolfee, “that in the intermissions at  school, she would enjoy to talk with our history he-teacher, moustached Mr. Martin.”
“And I’ve heard he’s married to a good looking wife, so…”
“Would it seem strange to you,” said Wolfee very smartly, “if you know that there are cases, in which both sneak out of school- and go somewhere? I saw, that whenever they were meeting, they were laughing to each other, even winking…”
“No, I don’t suspect her,” said Nahumik, “because if she had been deeply in love with someone- she would not have done to me such a disgrace, and behave to me in such an unjustified manner. She would always give me the tail of all grades, in my case: one or two.”
When the Parents’ Meeting with the teachers arrived, the Educating Teacher- Ms. Zelda- told Rimona, that the math teacher Liz had been desperate about Nahumik, her son. 
 “How could it be?” complained Rimona, “He would sit every night with the problematic equations and fix letter symbols for the Unknowns requested to be revealed, and so on… I think, that the accusation that Liz raised against my son- derives from her teaching method! My son complains that she would always run with the excellent pupils, and she permits the failing and lagging ones to go behind, it doesn’t matter to her. It’s unfair! The one who would try to ask something and by that halt the majority in the class to advance…he would see a gesture of shrinking arms – and hear a saying: ‘You better ask your friends about that, but not now’. And my son,” continued Rimona to complain, “has hardly one friend in class, who is ignorant like himself in math… So, considering that we are living relatively far from any classmate… and that we are new here…please…”
“Next year I will move him from this class,” promised the teacher, “he really has a psychological resistance to our best math teacher. Maybe she is really not fit for kids like him, with such light mental difficulties…Yes, your son must have another math teacher… I will not let him remain in the second class of this Secondary school’s  because of the math… I promise you.”

When Nahumik finished his second class in the Secondary school, he became already thirteen. He remembered that a boy who had arrived to that age in Israel- would celebrate a Bar Mitzvah, birthday party at home for his friends- and also arrange a celebration in synagogue, where he would read a chapter in Toarah and in a Prophet’s book- before the congregation. 
Solomon Kaplansky also remembered that, and spoke deliberately about that with Rimona, in the presence of Nahumik and of little Danny.
“I understand that you would have wished some ceremony here, at home,” he told Nahumik, “But you don’t anticipate for your Goyim friends to attend, eh? And you certainly don’t think about going to a synagogue here. The Jewish only synagogue that I know- is far. It’s called ‘Truth people’- and the praying people there are far from truth tellers, they’re lyers all. They are hypocrytes, and arrive to synagogue for entertainment purpose. They come to hear the’cantor’ the man whom we were calling ‘Khazan’ in Poland. They want to embrace the old Jewish past, that has passed from the world forever. Understand? So, we should not want to celebrate among them.” 
‘Solomon said: “WE shouldn’t…’- so thought Nahumik, ‘ as if he expected that I want him join me in my celebration. I won’t explain to him that what I really pray for- is that I won’t long so much to my forgotten little town in Israel. I don’t miss now a synagogue or any religious place. ..I just miss good friends. I have none- except Wolfee, who knows what a Bar Mitzvah is, as he would become thirteen too very soon…He really offered me to make together the ceremony in the synagogue of his father. Even if it’s far from my home…’
But before the two could have arranged anything- Wolfee swiftly left LA with all his family.    
“I’m sorry,” Wolfee told Nahumik, “I have to leave LA with my parents tomorrow. My pa owes a lot of money to banks and to private people.” The pink cheeks boy Wolfee had to roam with his parents to Pasadena,. His father would open there a meat butchery. But the business won’t be recorded on his name – for fear that his ex-banks and other enemies would pursue him and sue him or kill him without suing, so said Wolfee. He will hold in his shop all kinds of kosher meat and sausages and other conserves. . .
Nahumik had had a good memory from his friend Wolfee. The boy was in close and devoted friendship with him for two years, in the hardest time of his existance in America. Nahumik was feeling very lonely and bored, because his parents were very busy, and his inclination to prepare  his homework properly and seriously- had been minimal. Of course, Rimona had tried to mobilize him for Dany’s Baby-sitting in late afternoon hours, so that she would be able top assist Solomon in his Photo store. But in the yearly holiday in summer- Nahumik found some idle time, in which he decided to develop the garden around the old hired house. The sparse grass area reminded him Ramona’s house in his homeland, and so- he found interest to cultivate the ground and prepare it for something to grow. He dug pits around the trees, and cut down the wild grass growing around on two heightened ‘empty plantbeds’ or really ex-flowerbeds, that had been risen there by the previous owner of Kaplansky’s house.
“But what will I sow in that empty land?” Nahumik asked Wolfee that question, as his friend began to visit him frequently at that time.
“D’you know some words in Yiddish language?” Wolfee raised a counter question.
“Of course. In Israel- l grown up people would talk that language, and I had listened. Though now Kaplansky – my step father- tells me that he avoids talking publicly with somebody in that language, as here it’s thought to be non-intelligent and a proof of lower class people…”
“Well,” said Wolfee, “ if you are familiar with Yiddish, you know what ‘bobkes’ are…”
“I think it’s common beans,” said Nahumik, “I know that from my step-pa, who once told my mom, still while we were in Israel: The Arabs had not shot Bobkes on the Jews, as people now think. They fired real bullets, who killed my son; and they’ll buy more and more ammunition, they’re rich from Oil. So we don’t have any chance to live here, and we’ll leave this cursed place, called The Holy Land…He said all that in order that I would hear, and come with them here to U.S.…”
  “Okey, let’s sow here Bobkes beans,” said Wolfee. “Jews will love our goods; we’ll  sell it and earn money. I suggest to cultivate and grow that stuff together. I’ll buy seeds tomorrow.”
“Well,” said Nahumik.
 “We’ll share our profits fifty fifty, O’Key?”
 Nahumik agreed, and after the growing season they picked the beans. They both put the harvest into two containers, that were used before for souring cocumbers. They peeled the ‘Baseballed’ fruit of the beans, separating it from its green yellow cover, and Nahumik brought that home. He put the containers without covering them - under the tub in his mother’s kitchen. After a week – his friend came back for a visit, and asked about the fine beans. Nahumik had not looked at them in recent days…When the two friends pulled the containers out of the under-tub place, they saw that all the harvest had  grown mold: like cobwebs peeped between and over the beans; the fruits’ color became grey and a smell of stink penetrated the boys noses…Wolfee was a good friend. He did not rebuke his friend Nahumik for that failure.

The Kaplansky family was now living quietly in their separate house. It had some resemblance to  Ramona and Nahumik house in their past, not in a downtown block’s flat, that the family had lived in its first period in LA area. . .This change in their living condition took place just in the time that Ramona, who had devoted her first months in U.S. for care taking of her baby- Danny, had found a Mexican baby-caretaker fit for the job. Ramona entered to work with her husband in the store as a full time job, and became his main assistant there. She dared to replenish its shape very soon, and afterward. Kaplansky became aware, that she had understood the trade and shown a splendid marketing capability.
So, shortly after beginning her work there, Ramona hanged on the door of her wide sales room – a brass plaque, saying: ‘Store Marketing Manager’. Practically she was a simple seller, but she had known that in U.S.- a title of a person as a manger is most important. She also hanged a wide plateboard over the store’s front door: “Kaplansky’s ”, and under it was stated:
“All that you want to know about photographing, screening, recording, loudspeakers– for private use and for movie making and Television as well”.(TV was then in its first days).
Step by step the couple had begun to know some photographers, screenwriters, directors and producers – who became clients. Also a few movie stars would appear in the store, and Ramona was thrilled by them, more than Kaplansky. As a result, the couple’s income was increasing, what brought them to purchse the new house – a real small villa, as mentioned before.
As for Nahumik, after the bad experience he had with the rotten beans- he reflected it had been a curse for him to live many years in Kaplansky’s house. He began to hate it: ‘I can’t compare that house with my native home’- so he reflected, ‘How well I  remember every room and corner and tree and coop in my first home – but here and now? - I’d hardly pay attention to the orange trees and roses and grass in the small courtyard, or to the climbing bushes at the fence. My eyes even hardly catch the sight of two little angels’ statuettes, made of beige and pink marble, at the entry gate. Kaplansky has set them there…’
One day he was asked by Kaplansky if he liked them, and he said yes. But only a day after he really went to look at them, telling himself that they were rude copies of such thousand statuettes existing in the neigborhood. ‘Solomon’ – said Nahumik to himself – ‘is enthusiastic about everything here. He is used to ask mom nowadays: ‘could we afford this article in our town in the Mandatory Palestine?’ – He would hardly mention the new State of Israel, maybe just to resent me, Nahumik, of whom he thinks to be too much patriotic…’
Indeed, for Nahumik it had not been so easy to feel safe in the new surrounding and atmosphere. But despite his mental suffering, he knew that he would overcome the difficulties. Of course it would take time…’For inserting a root in here,’ he reflected, ‘I should become sociable in the new country, I know that...For the time being, I’m dependable on my parents. I am aware that Kaplansky was always trying to disconnect me from Jews, and from anything that would remind me of Israel, my homeland… Last year I’ve seen it: He had refused to send me to an afternoon Jewish small school. I thought that he had intended to cut my connection here to Jewish life absoutely. However, he sent Mom to tell me the reason: ‘You know much more than any child would know in America about Hebrew, and about Jewish tradition.’ I became to know that Solomon had been right, only after speaking with a boy, who was studying here some Hebrew and Torah in Elementary school – and I’ve learned that he had no notion about Talmud at all, so…I  can keep calm.”
Nahumik began to understand that his longings to the past won’t help him to overcome the hard obstacles he would face in America. Some time he was still trying to curse in his heart, like praying for silly wishes to realize, like “May God cause my childhood to drive away very soon”. Or: “May The Almighty keep me as well as he kept Jacob in the Bible, in Aram”. But he knew for sure it won’t happen. Despite that he was feeling that no one should fear even of a lonely-secluded future, he should strive to change his way of thinking about his fate.  ‘Yes – if you had been a very strong God believer- you could be robust and think that God ‘makes you pass an experiment every day’. Rabbi Aaron had lived many years among foreign people; and he was condoled by knowing that they had been as afraid and worried as himelf. But he had known, that in his spirit- there were some ‘antagonizing horror, anti terror microbes’. Their power- which  had derived from the Almighty’s, would rescue him. Yeah, Rabbi Aaron had an enormous confidence in old bearded God… I don’t have that in me. I was educated in a free family, that had set religion aside, as ‘God has deserted us,’- like Mom was used to say. But at the same time she had sent me to study Jewish Talmud and Torah in Hittin’s small ‘afternoon class’ in the Synagogue… The hell, why do I recollect about all that?




CHAPTER 2


The next coming months passed over Nahumik with less solitude than before. At the secondary school he had still difficulties in speaking English. However, his good nature and nice looking face had helped him: Some girls-classmates inclined to chatting with him, and he had felt that even with his plenty of errors he should ‘try and try till you won’t fail’. He based that on a short story he had heard once from his Mom, who was buying “stories’ booklets”, among them a story by the Canadian Stephen Leackok about that subject… 
Nahumik’s writing skill was not as well as his speaking. In both, of course, he had had full mistakes. Despite his private teachers and his willingness to improve, his mind refused to accept the English strict instructions about Present Perfect Tense, for example. His teacher in the first high school class, Augusta Rank, had been desperate about that, and told him: “Do what you want, O’key. Today a guy can become a well known news reporter, even without talking or writing. And even if you remian just a newspaperman, you can have a good editor who will proofread your mistakes. So, Nahumik had decided of even not trying to use the Present Perfect. He was convinced that he would be understood always by the ‘simple past tense’. He said that the ‘remote past before the past’ was acceptable for him – but the ‘present activity that the past has an impact on it, or a present that is something stretching from the past up to this point- is everything; it causes an ambiguity - so I’ll deny it at all!’ 
It is understandable that Nahumik received again and again quite bad marks in English. But did not complain. He was more worried because of his renewed weakness in math: When he was fifteen, they got in class a new teacher for Algebra. That young man did not sympathize Nahumik, simply because of his weakness in figures and calculations. He had struggled quite adequately with geometry, and got a good grade; but in arithmetics he was an absolute failure: He was not wise enough to solve questions about ‘two drivers travelling one toward the other’ …Or about ‘two irrigating pipes that are pumping water from a cubic pool of 500X5X500 inches, each in a diameter of 10 inches: How long would it take them to empty that pool, if their pumping capacity is 30 cubic meters per hours?’- and so on.. You know that kind of damned questions. The Math young teacher approached Nahumik one day with a smile. 
Suddenly his fingers uprooted a couple of hairs from the teenager’s growing sparse chin beard. Nahumik shouted ‘Ayyyay’, and his schoolmates laughed. A Jewish girl named Hana  told him in the intermission: “I knew that your turn would come.” She looked straight in Nahumik’s eyes, and then dared to tell him, that ‘despite your milky beard – you are a very nice guy’, and by that she had won his heart. She became his first girl friend… Then she revealed  to  Nahumik, that the math teacher had been known to do the same ‘beard uproot’ to teenagers in all the classes, in which he was teaching. How did she know that? Her sister’s boyfriend  had saod that…
Hana loved kissing, and demanded from the guy to shave daily. At the beginning Nahumik would shave with an electric Remington machine. But shortly afterward – he was under the pressure of Hana to shave with Gillet razor blade. It smoothes his skin, to become like a girl’s or a baby’s… But that feeling would hold only in the evening. In the morning Nahumik would feel the beard’s hair becoming tougher and harder. Using a razor twice a day would be mad, he thought. ‘So don’t kiss anybody in class hours, and keep it as is.’
Nahumik’s first girl friend, Hana – had parted from him after finding that he was liked by too many girls. A better looking girl than Hana seemed to him to be less dominant than her – so he soon became her boyfriend. In those days – girls in LA had already understood, that just a kissing and caressing and not having full sex- is not a problem, if the relatively fresh couple agrees to separate in peace, without screams.
What was the reason that Nahumik had begun to fascinate the high school’s girls?
 Firstly, he had an athletic figure and muscled arms. His father in law bought him two ‘Weighing Bars’ of these days – for fitness training, and he used them. He even thanked Solomon, who had been very happy to know that he would not be absolutely excommunicated by Nahumik. . . A second reason for Nahumik’s success with girls, was his being quite a foreigner. By his way of talking – you could hear a Non American. He was having some German-like dialect- and many pronounciation errors, while talking even about simple matters..
So, Nahumik was going out with girlfriends or girls for one-time go-out , for ‘kissing and softening’. Some of the girls talked with each other about him. It came about, that almost all had become to know that he was a problematic guy. He would tell girls – as well as boys – that he won’t stay long in LA or wherever in the U.S.A ! He is despising the Films’city and the movies!!
What Naumik would tell almost every girl about any film they were watching together – was almost the same: “The chracters are just exhibiting an imaginary, un-realistic kind of living. As for myself, I would like to have a real experience in life, connected with contributing to society, even suffering some inconvenience by that. Don’t call me a Copmmunist or socialist or Schovinist- due to my opinions, (which might have been dangerous at these days of McCarthy). I really don’t expect America to change. No, I define myself as a liberal, a free man, intensly aspiring to re-reach my old homeland. Yes, it is surely waiting for young people like me. What a question is that: Why? – Because Israel is having millions of problems: Its defence manpower is small, its society is composed of people who arrived from hundred countries; and its food and monies are rare, as most of its people have no profession except the Jewish classical trade of Buy And Sell something. But we can’t live only on commerce. Yes, there is the agriculture there. My Mom had been working with hens- when we’re living there. But such a branch would not be sufficient to feed millions, as the land is dry and lacking irrigation. No water, which is vital to the land like an air to the living creatures.”
Nahumik was seen by some yougsters as a little cukoo, but others were feeling sympathy to him. His parents, of course – were opposing his old ideas regarding his native home. He was lucky that no girl told them exactly what dreams she had heard from him recently: So, sometime he thought that he could illusion his Mom and Solomon that he would ‘normalize’,
But he continued to be too sincere with girls. However- some of them, who had been friendly with him at the beginning of their relationship, were soon becoming afraid. They stopped relationship and he had understood why, but did not change his talking about his dreams...
 It is worth mentioning, that there was one girl, who had been so fascinated by- and passionate about- Nahumik, that she demanded to make sex with him “down to the end”.(that was the slang of those days for a real fuck). She was experienced in any kind of sex, so she told him. She boasted in her daring adventures with grown up fellows, in contrast to other indulged fearfull class-girls. ‘Yes, I am a complete woman’- she declared,  ‘and not only fee sex do I seach in life, but a complete freedom of human being. I have learned from my Pa what communism is, and had read chapters written by Marx and Lenin, can  you understand? Yes- I’m a burning communit, and I don’t mind what narrow minded people would think about me.’
At that time of mid fifties(1954-5) the Korean war was close to end, and Nahumik, that was already reading newspapers- tried to argue with her about politic: “Who is to be blamed about that Korean war? Not the communistic North forces? They are the agressors, it’s clear like the sun.”
“You are wrong,” she said enthusiastically, “The fact is, that the communists’ arguments are always right and proved – so our truth will prevail at last, even if it’ll take some time. Communism is always the right side in whatever war is led against it…You delude yourself, Humik, in your essential outlook about life. Sweety, you don’t understand that Capitalism does not solve the private problems of a human being- but the opposite? Capitalism cannot enable each person to enrich his knowledge and develop his personality to a muximum… In such a  rotten regime, like in the  U.S. – any debate about an equal opportunity to each of us- is a humbug, vanity, empty bottle…” 
Nahumik lied only a week with Gloria, that was her name- for ‘the sake of momentary sex and for accumulated experience.’ Really, his gentleness and could not permit him, so he said, to continue full sexual rlationship, from thinking that the episode would hurt her -  if they dicontact and go each to his or her way. Yes, his sincerity and his internal rectitude, (his integrity- maybe that is the word that mature people would define that), forbid him to delude her, “and that would overcome my aspiration and attraction to have an orgastic bliss.”  
Gloria said that she very much appreciated  his last words, which show his feeling of care and understanding of another human being’s fate’ and in that he becomes closer to her systematic thinking, that there is a collective responsibility to our deeds and steps… But shwe as an individual- does not care if he leaves. He has to understand, that she does not respect nor believe in  any Capitalist ‘Burjuee’ institute, and of course not the official marrige institute, that enslaves a couple, and so on. She will have – as now as well as in the future, with whoever she would like, O’Key? And of course she would not lie with some guy, whom she will not want or who will be disgusting in her eyes. And such are most of the males in this ugly world. These words have to be said regarding every woman, don’t they?
She thought that those last sentences would relent Nahumik, but he said he must avoid what he expects that would hurt her. Whatever she would say, he knows that when they will depart, it would make some hollow black wound in her feelins. What does she say about such an eloquence: “A hollow black wound”?
 “I have never seen,” she said with rolling eyes, “a sincere and honest and queer creature like you, Humik. But maybe you’re a real homo. Yes!” – and she went away.
However – something from his meetings with that teenager girl Gloria- had remained in Nahumik’s memory. She called him Humik and he liked that nickname. So, since then – all had become to know his nickname: That girl was older than the others, and had been much appreciated for her boldness and sharp mind and tough tongue. So, she persuaded her classmates to accept this nickname. She had three months period of relationship with Nahumik, and. all were sure she had lied with him a lot. It was a lie, but her pride could not prosper without that…  

 Another of Humik’s girlfriends at that time was a believer in scientific books. 
“And they say,” she said, “that there are other worlds, in which life exists. If so, why do we have to worry about this ugly world’s creatures? God should care, not us.”
“You are right,” said the young guy, “I studied with a Rabbi, who once citated a Book called ‘Breishith Rabah’: ‘God has created worlds and desroyed them’. Why? We don’t know. Like science also does not know many things. The universe is a mystery, and life – which is only a part of it, is a riddle. And for me- Nahumik- or Humik, life also means: returning to my homeland. I was forced to come here, though my parents would tell you otherwise. Recently I’ve decided to cheat them regarding that. I’ll lie as well to all my friends, except you: From now on – I’m going to tell everybody, that I won’t stay for long in U.S.
Yes, I would even study here in some university, or better go to work in the film Industry… ”
“Is it so emotionally difficult – to forget your native land, and all your past?” asked the teenage girl, “I think you have just to be busy in studies and work and…in lovemaking. So you’ll overcome that obssesion, of being attracted by a far away country. When you’ll see its people, I’m sure you’ll be disillusioned.”
‘Maybe she was right,’ – thought Nahumik. That occurred after they had decided to separate from her.



CHAPTER 3


At the age of sixteen and a half Humik was feeling like a grown up. He had finished the second class of highschool, and understood his parents’ problems, while he was unwillingly listening to their discussion about a visit of  ‘another fertility Physician’. And Solomon said in a broken voice: “Maybe we leave that. I am too old for that already. Your two kids -are enough. I am tired of bothering with those laboratories and tests.”
Ramona remembered, that at their first days in in LA, Solomon was very enthusiastic that she will bear a new baby, and after some sperm tests that he held, he was even complaining: ‘Maybe the cause for all that is not me – but you, Ramonka. We have to go Professor Sortheim. You know that I have not left my wish to have a kid of my own.’… Now it seems to be late, she said to herself.
And now Nahumik had his own breakdown, regarding his studies: With his bad math he could still hire a private teacher and pass an additional exam; but his English also remained poor. He had spelling mistakes, and his compositions – in style as well as in ideas, were ‘awful’, so the teachers had told. Close to the exams period- Solomon tried to convince Humik to re-invite the retired actor, teacher Jack- but in vain. So, one day- at the end of the year studies, Humik’s schoolmaster called Ramona and told her:
“I have decided, that your son would remain in same class for next year. He’ll repeat what he had hardly learnt this year.”
Humik left high school, in which he had studied till that time. He had no wish for studying any more, he said. Perhaps he would do a favor to others by his quit, because sometimes he would ask questions, that stopped the teacher to advance more quickly. That meant that he  had disturbed the others in the math and English.
 “All the this mess that you have now,” rebuked Kaplansky at him, “is a result of your missing a lot from class. I called  your school two times by phone, because the teacher told me that you had disappeared. Nobody knew where you had gone to. Once you told me that  you went to a club of horse-riding. But I can guess also,  that you headed to the Famous tramps Quarter!”
Nahumik answered angrily: “You want to insult me? You can hire a detectiive to trace me and  investigate about me.”
Despite his parents contradiction, Humik decided to seek some work, but it won’t be in their branch of business. He would try his own way. He told them that he would begin as a hired simple worker, having already found a partner for his ‘job’.
“And you,” he shouted at Ramona and her husband, ”you should both respect my wishes, whatever I’ll do. That’s all.”
It was night when this debate happened. Humik’s brother Danny came into the living room, dressed in his pyjamas. His eyes were winking from the electric light in the guests room, while  he had been awakened by the shouts. He embraced his Mom, from dread of that quarrel.
Ramona and Solomon had been adviced by a psychologist. ‘Such a behavior is a teenage characteristic known problem’ said the man. ‘It has to be solved by letting the teenager run in his own path. Of course you should take care, that the youth won’t be joining criminals or fall in some witch girl’s hands, and so on. In teenage – all can happen...”
In that point of time Nahumik found a neighbor youth in his age. They decided to work together in taking small parcels from factories and wholsale businesses to retailers. For that they had bought a motorcycle. The friend had a girlfriend – whose father was from Italian origin. He had owned a BSA reputable motorcycle, that he wanted to sell. That man was ‘purses’ snatcher, cash Safes’ breaker, underworld Broker and so on. ‘But he never had been involved in murders’, so Humik had heard from his friend – Thomas Rigoletti. The criminal would always ‘work alone,’ but promised Thomas, that if he takes his daughter as a wife, he would become his ‘business partner’. Thomas Rigoletti was not so happy regarding that matter. He knew that two guys before him had left the girl, without chatting about her father; but his own mouth told all that history to his friend Humik. He added that the BSA had been very well maintained, and so on… 
Humik and Thomas bought the motorcycle and were both satisfied. Until one day Thomas told his girl friend that better they separate. His parents were pressing him not to be engaged to any girl, and ‘as I respect you’, so he lied to her, ‘I must break our relationship. You can choose any other guy you like– and I will have no other girl friend. Because I am too young, so my Pa says.’ Thomas had told all that to Humik, who justified the way he handled his situation. However, a week afterward – Tomas Rigoletti was crushed on this BSA. He was thrown from the motorcycle in a distance of twenty meters from the sidewalk edge, hitting a bricks wall fence of a villa. His brain was blown and spilt on the sidewalk. A truck hit him, that no one saw nor knew its number, nor could describe it- as it continued driving away in a speed. Police came too late with the Red Cross. Humik had heard about that and weeped, telling his mother that he was unlucky to have such a poor partner. Cruel Kaplansky rebuked him, however: “ have told you not to make friend with that Italian. He was a good guy, but who knows who his friends had been. Though I’m a cosmopolitan in my political-social opinions, I think you better make friends with Poles. I’ve told you that already. They are to be found here, don’t say they are hiding. I know that in your ex-class at highschool, you had only Anton Skestushky, the math genius. If you want – I’ll ask my Polish origin clients about their sons, or even their daughters… ”
Humik remembered, that a day before- was his turn to ride the motorcycle, that he and Thomas were owning. He had seen some guy tracing him with a private car, and thought it was a homo, who wanted to get his interest… But no, he couldn’t be sure if his friend was killed by a gang of the girlfriend’s Pa, or…
‘Oh, my good friend Thomas,’ he said to himself, ‘I remember how we were riding together on the strong ‘cycle. Many times I had been the driver, and you sat behind. When you wanted me to bypass some vehicle, you would shout in my ear: “Hum, give him a gay hooter. …Hoot again! He hasn’t heard you!”
Humik had attended the funeral procession, and afterward visited his dead friend’s family. Thomas’ father wanted in his adolescence to become a Priest. But soon he had left the clergy studies, and emigrated to the States with his bride, Thomas’ mother. “My son was killed because of you, murderer,” shouted the father when he saw Humik arriving at his apartment’s door. The young man, who had come to condole the parents of his friend, found himself under fire, and was very embarrassed.
“His brain was crushed by a truck of a drugged man,” continued Mr. Rigoletti, “My son was a partner of a Jewish criminal like you. It was your idea to buy the cursed motorcycle! He was misled by you. You’ve told him, that you couldn’t buy the vehicle by your own means, and I know your Jewish parents don’t lack money. You are guilty, Jew! Out – Son-of-a bitch!
Humik discerned that no one of the mourners and condoling visitors was rising to defend him. He went out, and heard that some others shouted at him curses.
Since that day, the awareness that the States was a bad place for him, got even deeper in his mind. ‘In U.S – I won’t be able to making a wonderful living- as Kaplansky would say frequently. My soul is not built like a wall, that would be gradually hit by a childrens’ soccer. Maybe in a ‘moment of pure reason’ I would tell myself that a spitting is a drop of a blessing rain…Woe to me, because of my passionate, unexplained aspiration to turn back and fly to my fascinating homeland (though bleeding- starving- but struggling), I am doomed. My Mom paid attention to my sadness, that had come out of this accident. I haven’t told her about Thomas’ papa, that while Thomas had been alive – his relation to me was quite sympathetic.
It seems like Kaplansky heard about the sad event; because he tried again to convince Humik to join his mother in her work at the shop. This time Nahumik agreed. He was convinced, that Kaplansky – from his point of view, was realy caring about him. He had also promised to bring to Humik the phone Number of a very pretty girl, a daughter of one of his clients, Marsha.
In that- thought Humik- maybe a double disguise will be my best solution for remaining here for some months, as I have not yet decided to leave. I am a hesitating kind of person, or call it cautious and responsible for his future.
But soon something changed Humik’s plan: For years he had not written to his friend Mike in Israel. Now was the time for sending him a postcard. Nahumik was doing that for curiosity, and maybe due to longing to old innocent days.
He was waiting for Mike’s reply in impatience. It has come after about a month, while he was in the store beside his mother, selling an expensive camera to the beautiful Hollywood star Simone Richland. Humik did not quite remember then the actress’ last name: She had a marginal role in a new movie, that he had recently seen.
There was a ring on the store’s phone. Ramona indicated Humik to rush to it and answer. On the line was his best friend Mike.
“I have received your postcard, Nahumik,” said Mike in Hebrew, ”have you gone out of your mind? You want to return to your homeland? Crazy!. I have just sent you a response by postcard.” … 
Three weeks later the postcard has arrived. Mike wrote:
“We don’t have to buy here food by a special voucher– like in our old days, but it’s very difficult here. D’you remember the green sour apples we were used to eat? No red or pink or yellow apples in the market yet, only in pictures. Not to speak about buying a private Chevrolet car, that you should pay five hundred percent Import Tax to buy it in Israel. Crazy, you”.
Humik thought that he should think about all that, and recalled he had written to Mike about the bad experience he had with the motorcycle. But Mike is too enthusiastic of America. ‘Surely he was surprised, when he read in my letter that Kaplansky was owning an expensive car, for a long time. And that I, Humik, use it rarely, though I have a license. Mom is much a better driver than myself. ‘Perhaps I am longing to Horsy’- thought Humik. ‘I don’t enjoy a car so much.’
Then came a second phone call from Mike. Ramona received it again. Mike told her he had arrived in New York!
“D’you come to U.S. just for enjoying yourself?” she asked in wonder. Mike complained about the bad times they were having in Israel.
“We have told that to Humik for long.” she sais, “The press here doesn’t tell lies. Talk to him, and persuade him to remain here and neglect his dream to return to his childhood land.”
Ramona asked Mike about his parents, and he answered they were well. Then she handed the apparatus to Humik, her fingers trembling, as her heart expected something bad.
“Hi, Nahum,” said Mike, “you wrote me that you had left school, and I have done now the same. In Max Fine Technical school – I had studied the cursed mechanics, but it’s not for me. I prefer to be a driver, like my father-in-law.”
“But you could study delicate mechanics. I know you have had good hand for that. Or even become an Electric Technician.You can find work everyewhere with that craft,”
“No, these professions are even worse for me. I am not fit for the theoretical studies. My mind is narrow- you remember. So, my good Pa has long permitted me to learn driving his truck. Now I have passed the Government Exam and received Driving Licence code# 3, that means: including heavy trucks… But in short – I am in New York now!”
“What?” shouted Humik.
“I went on board a ship to America. I was a kitchen worker and a deck boy, a cleaner. D’you Remember our classmate Itamar Gitlefeld? His good papa was called a vessel economist or … something like that.. He had organized the voyage for me”.
Humik was decisive to travel to NY and meet his friend. He thanked Kaplansky for the opportunity to date with young Marsha.
“But the prettye girl is not for me,” said Nahumik.
“She is a virgin, and Jewish,” said Kaplansky, ”Though she is coming from a Reformist kind of Jews: Her parents are not Zionist dreamers like the Orthodox Mizrahi or Messiah Believers, like Habad Hosidim.”
“For the time being I am going to New york, I am decisive,” – told him Nahumik, while Ramona was also listening. It was noon, and the store was empty of clients.
“You make a big mistake,” said Ramona to her son, “I know this guy, Mike. You are enthusiastic to meet him, but he is a bad guy. Like in his childhood, I’m sure. In New York it’s so easy to get entangled in some bad events. Be cautious.”
“I’ll go there for a month,” said Humik.
“You have to have much money for that. Don’t be living in a cheap hotel, it’s dangerous,” said Solomon and handed him two thousands bucks, “Take this, and report to us if something is going wrong. I hope you have saved some money last months. And you’ve yet to get compensated for the motorcycle, of which you were a partly owner. Your friend’s family will get a lot of money- from the insurance, even if the killer is not found.”
“Thank you,” said Humik. His mother added five hundreds in cash that was inside the cash drawer.
“I am worried about you, my grown up son,” she said suddenly. “Why d’you worry? You have two sons,” he said cynically.
“Don’t dare talking to me like that,” she rebuked.
She has not added anything, and even took him with her three years old Chev to the train station. He had with him a blue backbag and in it underwears and socks and additional shirts plus a sweater.
It was spring time, and at the beginning of his journey he was looking on wide areas of the West. He was saying to himself why-do-you-want-to-return there?… and became sleepy. In his dream he saw again his friend Tom, who appologized for driving too fast, but claimed he had not been guilty for the accident…



CHAPTER 4


Mike and Nahumik(in that name Humik had been known to his past friend) met in a small restaurant, in a side street, not far from Columbia University. Nahumik’s eyes were wet from excitement. Mike was a cool guy, and boasted that he had been already a week in Manhatten and found another Israeli. He was dwelling with that friend, whose address he had received from his father’s cousin in Israel. Mike said that he would like to work as a cab driver – but for the time being he would be  a carrier. His friend promised to let him arrange him a fake Taxi Driving license: “Tomorrow we will be moving furniture,” he tried to talk English, bad English, “and drive to Bronx with truck. You join, Nahumik. “
The shared small room was in North Manhatten, and the dwellers were satisfied that nobody was paying attention to them. The room was very dense, but they found a corner for Nahumik ‘to put his folded corpse on’- as they said. But what would they do in the long evening?
“I invite you” said Mike, “to go out with us to some club with a bar. Some Israeli singer girl will have a show there.”
“Maybe she is as young as ourselves,” explained the other guy, who was a cleaner of offices, washing floors with acid liquid named “Disin-fect” so he said, which had a sharp smell like any disinfection material, that would pain your lungs. But the guy was satisfied: He had found a divorced woman of forty (he was 21, after an army service in Israel)- who fell in love with him. He was earning some hundreds bucks a month, which could hardly cover his expenses for hiring the room and food; but his sweetheart was assisting him with additional three hundred bucks. ‘That’s not bad’ – he said in English, ‘taking into account also having sex. We do it only in daytime… No, I don’t sleep with her, as she has yet to get her divorce document from the Court. We are meeting secretly changing meeting hours, to confuse the enemy. We hire a hostel’s room for an hour time – four times a week. It’s a low cost hotel.”
“If you want,” turned Mike to Nahumik, ”You can also begin working in Izaac Langerman’s cleaning Office. But it depends on your decision to live here in New York.”
“I am afraid to clean the sky scrappers,” answered Nahumik, “Cleaning the window glasses there makes me sick.”
“He is right,” said the other guy, ”That’s a very professional work, causing dizzyness. Only blacks are capable for that. I mean – those who are NY born, as they were used to look down from the fiftieth floor. Maybe some Japanese can also do it.”
“Yeah,”confirmed Mike,“Nahumik had been heights’ frightened also as a boy. He would hesitate to climb to my parents’ apartment on the second floor. Remember?” he asked Naumik.
The Israeli Show in the Club, that the guys were driving to, took place in a ‘half Industrial-commercial’ area, out of the city’s Skyscrappers. Sometimes you could hear there a yell of police cars.
“But the cops know,” said Mike to Humik, “that our place is neat. No quarrels, no shooting, no drugs. The audience will be consisting of New Yorkers- old Jews and young Israelis like us.”
“You’ll find foreign tourists, so I heard,” said Mike’s roommate.
The three young men arrived to the ‘Israeli Show’ by a cab.



CHAPTER 5


On the Annoucements stand, near the Cash window, there was an advertisement for ‘New and Old Israeli Songs’.The small letters in that ad were telling: ‘The singer will be Semadar, who has come directly from Israel.’ Her photo in blue was at the ad’s side. Humik told his friend Mike that he wouldn’t object to make acquaintance with that girl, but he should see her first.
“Though I presume that there are tens of guys, who would like to meet the singer,” he added.
“You don’t get an Inferiority Complex,” said the third guy, “She may have many courtiers, but if you want – try. As for myself, I am not interested in young girls. I have my mature girlfriend, and she’s enough for me.”
“I want to meet an American girl,” said Mike, “one who would like to improve my English by chatting a lot, and … make love.”
“So, we will not compete about that singer,” smiled Humik.
Mike pointed on an old Ford car that was parking nearby.
A suited gentleman and two young women got out of it.
“Oh”, said Mike, “ I see there two girls arriving, escorted by the dark man. Maybe we’ll have two singers, not one? Oh, one is holding a Music notes booklet, she’s the accompanist. The man is their manager or organizer.”
The girls, aged about twenty, were dressed in ‘Yemenite’ black ebmroidered shirts and long black skirts. From far the guys couldn’t discern that one was wearing a golden thick bracelet.
The two singers and their escort male entered the front door of the small Club’s Hall, not looking at the guys standing nearby. Mike said to Humik: “Look, yopu’re not too tall for both girls.” Humik said: “ I think I’d like to talk to the girl with the notes.”
“She is not the singer Semadar Dahiry,” said Mike. “You said before- that you liked her on the ad’s photo… I once went out to watch movies – with her younger sister. Or I am mistaken. They are four sisters.”
“But who is the other girl?” asked Humik,“I’m interested in her.”
“I think she is Semadar’s friend, a piano accompanist named Tamy. On the ad – her name was ommited. Maybe she will also sing… Get inside, the show has to begin. Why are we waiting?”
“There are hundred people inside,” said Mike’s room mate, “Let’s buy three tickets,” and he soon did that.
Entering the Show Hall, Mike recalled that somebody had told him about Tamy. “She has a small limp in her left foot,” he told Humik, “We couldn’t just discern that from far, but I’m sure.”
“I don’t mind,” said Humik. “I sympathise her face and figure, that’s what important to me.”
The third guy suddenly whispered to Mike:
“If she has one leg shorter, than the longer one will compensate him for the shortage.” Both roommates laughed, but Humik’s face remained solemn.
“I remember,” said Mike to Humik, “that Semadar’s sister was a traditional – almost religious; and so is Semadar, too. You should ask Tamy, in case that you date with her, if she is also a burning God Believer, like Semadar. I know you as only traditional, not really religious.” Mike laughed.
“ I don’t hate religious people,” said Humik, “in contrast to you.”
“Ye-e-s. You are right. So, you may like Tamy. But if you want … You can also try wooing Semadar. Her father is a half Rabbi.”
 “No. I’d like to talk only with Tamy,” repeated Humik, “She seems to me more broad minded. The Music notes are an evidence for that. Maybe she’s come to New York for studying.”
“O’key, we’ll know more about her after the show.” said Mike. Soon they found their assigned seats, and were ready to watch and listen.
The two girls began their Show, while Tamy was sitting at the piano and accompanying. In some parts of the first song she was
also singing- but she had not been a soprano like Semadar, and she was singing a ‘second voice’.
The second song was familiar to Humik: It was Bab El Wad – about a wadi on the road to Jerusalem, where a bloody fight had taken place. At some moment Mike elbowed Humik at the right side of his ribs, hinting him to stop buzzing with the melody. He was angry that Humik had enjoyed the Show, which he had not. Or maybe he was jealous of Humik, who would try to date with an Israeli girl, while he- Mike himself – still hadn’t found a girl. And maybe Mike was just jealous that Humik had
already an American citizenship? ‘That is a huge advantage for a guy’- Humik recalled that Mike had told him the day before.
He suddenly remembered how in their childhood he had taught Mike the legend about the Ram and king David. Afterward Humik came to Rabbi Aaron, asking what that legend had meant to teach. His Rabbi said: “Oh, that Illusion has a most powerful impact upon human beings! Even King David’s eyes had deluded him… When you grow up you’ll read about king David’s sins, due to his big eyes. They were numerous, but God helped him.” … 

“Well,” said Mike to Humik in the Show’s intermission, “When the Show ends we’ll approach the girls. I will talk to Samadar and Tamy, and introduce you to both.”
“Thank you,” said Humik.
While listening to the coming songs, Humik told himself: ‘It’s a pity that Mom is not here. She would have enjoyed those old songs, based on Russian melodies. But she’ll be against the idea that I would court an Israeli girl…She does not understand it’s good for my spirit, that I’ll recollect my native country by talking to somebody who’s just arrived from there. Yes, I am attracted to the sad and dangerous land. The political and military situation there is not as used to be. The New York Times said today, that the Egyptian Dictator, Nasser- had nationalized Suets Canal. He would challenge the British and French, who were owning the Canal since engineer Leseps’ days. And now Russia has signed with him a big Arms supply Contract, which is a danger for Isarel… 
When the Show was over, the singers were applaude. So they were singing again the last song ‘Shekharkhoret’(Black haired girl). The guys told each other, that the Show had been “an imressive one”, and Mike winked to his roommate. But Humik had sincerely thought so. Then four of five guys walked from the audience seats to the stage. They were talking to the singers, while Humik and his friends were still waiting.
“To be fair about the girls,” Mike said, “I think they are quite average singers; but we’ll tell them it was wonderful to listen,”.
His friends nodded.
As the singers were handing their telephone numbers to their fans or would-be-courtiers, and also writing autographs to two guys, Tamy was heard saying to one of the guys: “I’m not open to dating with you…”
Mike had already approached Semadar, and reminded her that he had seen her once with her sister Gilla. Semadar said she had well remembered him, and asked if he was still driving a truck.
“Here – only a taxi… yet,“ said Mike, and introduced Humik and Shlomy– Mike’s roommate, to both girls. They shook hands, after having discerned that all the other guys had gone away.
Humik began to talk with Tamy about the songs they had been singing.
“I still remember two songs from my childhood,” he said, immediately openning his Curriculum Vita. “It was before my parents had taken me with them to America.”
Tamy had been hunted by this, and asked Semadar, who was chatting with Mike, if she agreed that the three guys would escort them to their room.
“I am sorry I have to leave you,” said Shlomy, very gently, “I have to wake early in the morning.” He left them, waving ‘bye.’
The four youths were strolling already on the Broadway, heading to the north of Manhatten, there the girls were dwelling.
Humik told Tamy that their Russian and Hebrew songs were sung well, but he thought they would have to include some American songs, for entertaining also local New Yorkers – not only tourists, that would attend.
“I thought that maybe we reduce the Russian origin songs,” said Tammy, “I heard they don’t like them here. We know, that we still have to broaden our Repertoire, and make some rehearsals.”
“I understand.” said Humik, “I myself am not a specialist in singing or music at large. I have not a good voice for singing. Also my musical talent is an average, I presume. I never had patience enough to play an instrument, though at the age of twelve my Mom had sent me to learn Guitar, but I quit very soon. So, I am interested in music; I feel it’s effect on my soul, when I listen to something well composed and performed.”
“Where in America are your parents?” asked Tammy.
“In LA, near Hollywood. My mother is connected to singers. She even knows two or three who had acted in musical movies. She knows many artists, and one day I’ve seen myself a guy- who was singing in Seven Brides to Seven brothers, I’ve forgotten his name. He came to our Photography store.”
“If you are living here many years… you’ve forgotten our country.” she said, “and maybe that’s better for you. Otherwise you would have what we call: a conflict in your heart.”
Humik nodded. Then he touched her brochure.
“What are all these notes, that you are holding?” He asked..
“These are the notes for our songs, including of the accompanying piano. But I have brought a lot of such brochures from home: I’m going to study here in Manhatten Shool of Music.”
“Oh,” he said, “I haven’t heard about that institute, but I’m sure they’ll do a good job, and will make you work hard there.”
“I hope so,” she said.
Both guys, Humik and Mike, have changed phone numbers with the singer girls, and Humik promised Tamy he would call her within a day or two.
“We are sorry we can’t remain with you till very late,” said Mike, “we have to wake up early. I am working on a Cab, and Humik will have to look how to be registered to some course.”
“Thank you very much for being with us,” said Semadar.
“What course will you take here?” asked Tamy.
“Advertisement and Promotion for Entertainment and Arts”.
“Sounds interesting,” she said. Semadar waved ‘bye’ to the guys. But before Tamy has done that too, Humik approached her and told her boldly in a sweet whisper: “You should know I like you Tammy. See you!”

Next evening, after the Show, again Mike and Humik waited for the girls. When Humik tried to talk with Tamy, she retreated, and he saw she was quite confused seeing him again so soon.
“I’ll ask you straight forward,” she said, “how old are you, Humik?”
“Seveteen,” he answered. She said she was older than him.
“I don’t mind. I know such… couples, who go out. If you don’t mind…” he said.
He became sad and she did not ask why. It seemed to her, that Humik was not a regular guy like his friends or like most of those guys coming to the stage, see the singers and try to get phone numbers. She had met with one of them before yesterday, and he was not wise nor sensible like Humik.
“And Mike… is in your age?” asked Tamy to break the silence.
Humik nodded. Meanwhile Mike and Semadar entered some Café, and Humik remained alone with Tamy, and they were strolling on the sidewalk
“We know that we are not an ideal couple,” said Humik, “ but we can just go out trogether. Even not kiss, if you stick to that.”
“It sounds just a well arranged agreement,” said Tamy. She thought that it was not so bad, that she would be friendly with a seventeen years old guy, though his ‘shape’ seemed to be older.
She will not remain alone all days, till her studies will begin. But why has he declared already of his ‘burning impetus’ to get back into Israel? He wants to volunteer to the Parachutists’ unit. His parents oppose it harshfully, but he is adamant – he said. His Mom is married to a second husband. Humik cannot bear that man’s opinions about Israel, and so on. He really hates him. Maybe therefore – he wants to get back to his homeland, so he had called Israel. He has gotten American citizenship, but also his Israeli one is kept. ‘I don’t know if that’s possible’, Tamy told herself. ‘But Humik said that.’



CHAPTER 6


After a week Humik phoned to his mother, and this time for requesting a loan from her. 
“Not as a present, Mom…My money had gone on many things”, he said, “You request an example? I had met a girl. Going out with her costs a lot. We musicals on the Broadway and watch films and plan to go go to Carnegy Hall and to the theatre. What more should I let you know?”
 He repeated to her, that he had already used most of the money that he had brought to NY; he would keep a sum also for Registration to the Course that he had told her about.
“That’s the only beneficial thing you’d be doing there in NY,” said Ramona, “You are spending too much, I don’t want to say on what more…Here, in LA –you could get a parallel course for studying what youv’e mentioned. And much cheaper, I’m sure.”
“Mom, I am adamant to stay in New York. I have my friends here – and 
better for me to be far from home. That’s my individual truth. I’m a grown up.”
“Who is that girl, may I know? A  Shikcaa?(non Jewish)”
“No, an Israeli,” he said.
“Well. And are you working already with Mike?”
“Yes,” he answered, “We are just carriers of bagages, but my earning is hardly enough for living. Therefore I bother your mind and hand.”
At that point of time the third guy in their room, Shlomik, had already left it, because his forty years woman-friend got her official divorce. The room she had been living with her ex - now was remaining at her disposal. So – now Humik and Mike became well arranged in Mike’s room, everyone sleeping on a separate good bed.
“O’key,” said Ramona, after Humik had informed her also about his improved dwelling, “I’ll persuade Solomon to send you three hundred Dollars.”
Humik was outrageous. His mother wanted to punish him by throwing the ball to Solomon- so he thought.  She could have sent him ten Thousnad bucks, had she wanted. He knew that she was having  her own money account in the bank.
“If you return to LA- you’ll get as much as you want.” she added at the end of their discussion “Yes, I am telling you that we want to control you. Your behavior seems problematic to us, O.K.?  We are still your parents.”
“Mom,” he said, “don’t you believe, that  I’m already in debts?”
“That girl robs you, or what? What is she doing in her life? a high school girl? or a little secretary? ”
“She is going to study piano music in Manhatten. It’s a kind of Academy. She’s also a singer, esarning here some money- before she would begin her studies.”
“You are a very young, Nahumik,” said Ramona, “what have you found in an Halturist girl, that would be a piano accompanist? Or a guitarist, or a jaz singer in a snack bar or whores club… She is twenty, you said?  And she has not joined the army? Why?  Having some physical or mental problem?” 
“Mother, enough with your follies, I’m not marrying this girl.”
 Now a man’s voice was heard on Humik’s phone. It was Solomon Kaplansky.
“It seems to you that she is twenty,” he said, “But she is twenty three- surely. You don’t know young women today. After having passed  the age of twenty, they begin to fake their age. beware of involving yourself with pushing your nose into a girl’s pregnancy.”
“She is not faking her age, nor having any grave physical or psychological ailment,” said Humik.
“So- how did she avoid serving in the army?” asked Kaplasky, who interfered in the phone call as a self understandable matter, “Had she sworn that she is very religious? You know that a girl who would declare that, can easily get a letter from a dirty Rabbi in Israel- and would immediately be exempted from army service.”
“Think very well if she is worth while,” added Ramona - on the line, “Why waste your time with a girl, who is not fit for your age and for. . . your personality.”
“What are you both talking about?” asked Humik, “She is even not a traditional Jewish. She is atheistic. She has nothing with religion, and you frighten yourselves in vain. What’s wrong with having just a friendly relationship with an Israeli girl here? I don’t have to investigate any of her past’s steps, O’key? what’s the problem?  She is ready to talk with me about Israel and about life in general, and likes music for sure…We even. . . haven’t kissed yet.”
“You are very enthusiastic not only to kiss her,” said Ramona. He almost banged the phone apparatus, but then cooled himself. 
“Mom, don’t you know that in Israel - couples are also going out without any intention to be… married, or be engaged?”
“We know everything,” said his mother, “But you –should be aware of  entanglement, as Solomon has just told you. Cool your temper and impetus, and erase your enthusiasm.”
“O’key,” said Humik. “So, please send me by the mail- a check of seven hundred Dollars.”
“We’ll see,” she said, “Now tell me about the Course for the ads and promotion and so on…”
“Look, son Humik,” said Kaplansky, who was still on the line, ”I’ll add two hundred to your mother’s amount. If you are decisive to stay there- only don’t bring shame on  us. And don’t work too hard in the carriers’ effort. You can break your neck. Bye- kid!”

Humik visited several times in ‘the extended Bar’, where Tamy and Semadar were singing. Semadar had found also an ex-Israeli boyfriend, but her dating with him broke down after five nights. She and Tamy were using their original repertoire, that they had brought from home, adding to it only one song from ‘Annie Oakley’ Musical. (‘What you do- I can do better’ etc.).Humik applauded them frequently, to cause the audience join suit. Sometime he would shout a word or two, like bravo Tamy, or Yofee(=fine in Hebrew) for excelling their singing. Twice he approached the small stage for delivering roses to both singers. He had bought the flowers in the street corner. For the coming nights he had already bought a black suit. His aim was, that the audience in that particular Show Event, he would be though to be as the singers’ important ‘impersario’ (so they had called in Israel - a dealer or agent of artists, actors and musicians, at that time).
One evening he paid attention to two girls from the audience, were sitting in the first row. They were chatting about who was the handsome guy, dressed with a suit, that was chatting with the singers in the timebreak between classical Rssian-Israeli songs- and Jewish Yiddish songs.
“He is a sweetheart, or a manger. He isn’t just a friend of these singers, you know,” said one of the girls. 
“I don’t find anything attractive in these girls’ shapes. They have no special ‘shic’- like the French say, nor any social or sex appeal.”

After the Show, Humik would go out with Tamy to a bar or Café, or just simply stroll with her along the streets. In Saturdays’ noons they were travelling in Central Park. There  came their  first kiss. It was in public, like many other couples were doing. The summer was bringing warm streams of wind from between the sky scrappers. Humik and Tamy discerned many loving couples, including Homosexual, walking while ‘interweaving their  fingers’ – and Tamy had refused to have a second look at the kissing males. She said that she had just been afraid from any relationship, “which was a deviation from the natural way of behavior;  you understand what I mean by that.”
Humik was excited from the innocence and sincerity of her words. ‘But perhaps her whole personality is just given in an unexplained fear from talking about controversial matters…I myself, being long years in the States, am ready to talk about real subjects and true  facts of life, that she tries to hide, or to delay  knowing about.’ 
Slowly slowly they were coming together to physical touch. He was almost sure she had no experience with a man before, but didn’t tell her, nor did he ask her about that. Once Tamy had permitted him to enter the room, which she was hiring with Semadar. At that particular night the two singers had no show, and Tamy knew that Semadar was driving to New Jersey with a boasting new Israeli, who had approached her after one of the recent Shows. The chap  wanted to impress Semadar by his ‘Gigantic Show Room for GM cars’, that had been a part of his agency’s office… 
Tamy permitted Humik to undress her upper body, and kiss everything exposed: breasts, neck, ears, back. He was licking and kissing and begging a ‘further undress’ but she was as locked in her underpants and her forceful fingers removed his fingers from “reaching my precious article”- as she told him with a smile. 
“I would not principally oppose to lie with a guy before marriage. But that is a mental-rational thinking… psychically – my body and mind oppose that…in this phase of our relationship…”  
“I understand. You can’t surrender to lose your virginity,” he said, trying to be thought as mature and considerate and motives’ analyser; though he did not know if what he had just said and  guessed -  was true. 
“In fact,” she added, “We have generally talked about all that - two weeks ago, haven’t we?”
“Ye-ss. . .I appreciate your position,” said Humik. “I haven’t counted how many young unmarried couples deal with that same problem of full sex or partial sex…They surely hold unending discussions about that. Somehow it is solved. Words draw  a man and a woman close to each other, as well as separate them. Who knows?. . Now - listen to my crazy sentence, Tamy: ‘My fingers’ touch the sensitive strings inside your soul. . .and you’re afraid of that’…Is this musical sexy parable true- regarding you, my love?”
“I repeat,” she said very solemnly, “If you’re not satisfied with my behavior, I am sorry.”
He whispered enthusiastically: “Just let me try again to lick your neck and then your spinal column. Please, I’ve just found the most sensitive point in your nerves system. You’ve leaped and moaned from bliss, I heard that. Your desire has come up to the utmost level, so . . “
His fingers tried again to reach her green underwears and he heard her lips mumbling again,”No no no.”
He rose up to his knees and said decisively: ”Well, I must accept the fact of your ‘down barriers’.” 
 He got to her back and lied near her taller body than his, and began licking her spinal column, like he had asked to do that before. He knew she had enjoyed that. She was silent, but just at that moment her consciousness told her: ‘he only had claimed to understand me and accept my rules of the game. It’s characteristic to any normal male.’
 “I know that a male wants to penetrate,” she now told Humik,“I had learned that from my short experience with men, and from reading. I want to tell you, Humik, what I do think about youngsters like you… Though you’ll claim to be an extraordinay and special and unique, O’key?.. Most of young men are short distance runners. A guy would fake pure love very easily, even so young and still not corrupt- like yourself. Yes, your intentions are pure. Don’t be insulted. Things like what I have just said- are so told and taught in so many sex books I’ve read. The males of all animals are the attackers and aggressive ones. I know and understand those natural qualities and zoologic principles. It’s not easy for me with you, Humik. I see that you’re really excited and enthusiastic also about my personality, so you name it, not only about my physical body.  But  you’re only like a boy, who touches the wheelbar of a new nice car- and worships its performances. . .Now I see you’ve become silent, meditating like me- about the continuation of our relationship…So, you are permitted to stop all that, dear Humik…” She took a breath after that long speech. Then added:  “Poofff, I won’t be angry nor vindictive.  I am new in the States. Maybe here - all happens in a quick tempo, which is different from that of a far country, like Israel or Korea or Japan or Australia. It’s become on me too quickly, awfully speedy – all this...”
“I see:  You can’t lie with me. Or - you prefer not to.” 
“Right. And I appreciate your saying, that you don’t condemn me in having illusioned you.”
“Of course not,” he laughed bitterly, “let’s finish that banal discussion.”  She turned her face from him, and he saw her covering her breast by her palms. They kissed longly and she became seated on the bed beside him, not touching him any more. 
“Well, after you know that I’ll not be completely yours, and that neither of us would be able to be completely relaxed and calmed. . . I mean: you understand that you are… causing me tension. . .Why do I talk to you by mumbling? Oh, I am such an unstable kind of a young woman. D’you agree to my definition regarding  myself?”
“I forgive you, though you have not sinned.” Humik laughed indignantly. 
“I will begin to study in a few months,” she murmured, “I will have to devote myself to …I had planned to tell you that. But if I can’t fail… I can’t fail…If it will happen.- so let it be.”
He tried to understand why she had spoken about that suddenly, and she was attacked by a laughter, which he explained as her confusion from her refusal to have a full intercourse with him. 
“Where will you live, while studying?” he asked, rising from the bed and began dressing,  “Have you already hired a room?”
“Yes, I’ll be living with an old Jewish woman, whose late husband had bought her a piano.  I’ll also do some service works for her. But she is not a cripple, and it’s an antertainment for me to talk with her. My Pa  found her, through old friends in New York.” 
She rose also from the bed and he looked at her nice breasts and exposed feet. One was a little bit wider in shape than the other. ‘It is because I know about her slight limping’, he told himself, ‘that I clearly discern that., But it does not diminish her nice figure…Maybe this limp has caused her dismissal from the Israeli army...’ 

He met Tamy on the following night. She was waiting for him in the entry of her room’s building. When she saw him approaching, she ran toward him, and he saw her sudden shining face. He did not ask why, and they gave hands and were striding toward the central park. They were kissing there, and she felt his hard plevis on her side. She was leaning on him and he felt her knee pressure on his testicles, and her breasts sticking to  
his chest. Her eyes were beaming straightly and approaching his eyes, and they both opened their lips and her tongue was already deep in his mouth, till he felt choked.
‘What the hell had deviled her strange covetousness on me?’ he asked himself, ‘such a heat is signalling of her sudden devilish lust. I have to lead her this time without embarrassment, like a mature man who knows what he wants. I will capture her and dominant behavior will let her know that.’
“I am wet…my lustful selfishness… you have my cave for shelter, shelter in me no more. Yours completey…” she murmured. 
Humik did not react to her confused words. He wondered, and explained to himself that her mumbling had been due to her sudden alert, being aware not to waste their time any more, as she could not restrain herself. She had  reached  a decision to succumb her body to his manly desire, that overwhelmed her veiled-masked-hesitating desire to get him into her… 
‘I won’t philosophize why and what had broken her heart to take that step. But I feel her distended nipples thru her trico shirt, and see that she is now throwing out her bra on the grass, and embrace me more and more tightly…Oh, she opens my pants, as she would like to have me in just now here in the park.’
 “Not here,” he whispered, “I am shy enough not to do that in a park that may bring violent gangs on us. We should lie on a comfortable bed like grown ups, who wish to enjoy the best,” he said succicctly.
She sent her palm between his legs and felt his manifested cock, and said very decisively:
“So, why don’t you carry me already on your arms? But only to your room, because Semadar has been stuck in our hired room. She had a bad scene with her new boyfriend, and they departed very soon. She‘ll remain in our room tonight, to write letters and read. She asked me to go out with you to some movie. .. 
“Let’s get to my room,” he said, “My roommate Mike is  away.”
“I will devote my body to you there. Yes, I want. I’ll have full sex with… with you this time. Not with a piano. Not on the moon, nor in paradize, but here on earth…My cunt organ has become hot and oily like melted butter. Why don’t you hurry ? You are a forcefull youth, stronger than any man I had known.”
He carried her a distance and she heard that he was breathing  heavily. He wanted to thake a rest and put her on the sideroad, and they stood for a moment or two, just letting his regular breath to come. They looked fondly at each other, and he wondered again about her sudden audacity. But there she was, same Tamy who was now ready to surrender to him. Why?- that is not a topic to think about. She’s an artist, and what was a wonder before, that she had claimed virginity… ‘What a silly boy I am,’ he thoughty, ‘I could have her already yesterday. A loser, a gentle one, who had not gotten a slight imagination,…who did not think and act like a mature… No, why should I rebuke myself?…’
They gave hands and began to run toward his room. He opened the door by his key and they undressed each other in a haste. They fell on his bed and covered themselves with a blanket, because the airconditioner remained open, since Mike had walked out of the room, heading for a dancing club with his girlfriend. . . 
They were breathlessly fucking. After having arrived together to their first orgasm, they were still like melting in each other. 
“I had hesitated yestereday to do it”, she said, “and I was sorry that I had lied about my stubborness. I saw that you really wanted me, but then I could not explain to myself why… why not. Then I told myself ‘why not?’ And I was suddenly terrified by something that you can’t imagine. But let’s leave that… leave that  aside. I can’t concentrate now, good man…”
“I love you for the enjoyment and bliss that you had rendered me,” he broke in a sentimental harangue.
“I thank you for being so considerate with me, “ she said, “I am happy that I have surrendered to my impetus, and for having a full fuck. Even if you have not used Olla condum, I  will not be pregnant, because my… my. . what did I begin to say? I lose my memory, Humik. You don’t be angry on me. I had a visitor during my last night’s sleep, can you imagine? . . .What did I tell you? a Man in a barrel that rolls down from the slope of … ”
He was a little bit frightened from her ‘Verbal rain’ as he defined it to himself, and tried to continue to chat reasonably.
“I have been always considerate and gentle with girls,” he said.
“You have a good character. You seem to have so much  innocence and modesty and integrity and you are modern minded,” she said, “I’m happy to deliver my inner spirit and most sweet juices, my pure streaming wellspring - to your thirsty broomstick,.” She was attacked by a sudden laughter. “A witch is riding on your broomstick She is playing the piano with her nails… staff of Moses in the sky...bamboo cane and candle lights round human monkey down down …”
“Oh, wonderfull images,” he said, “but I’ll now describe a black dense forest growing around your cunt, almost hiding it. I had a girl-friend who had shaved that – and I was disgusted…” 
“Why?”
“I hated that because she had a fish mouth there. I wouldn’t like to fuck a fish, would I?  A fish mouth cunt!”
“Oh, it kills me,” she burst into a loud laughter, that became hysterical, “A fish mouth c u n t,” and she repeated five or six times on that, then said: “Mine will be the same. I’ll shave it tomorrow and see your reaction. If you refuse to sex with me without the hairy mask- what would I think about your love to me, what?”
“No, please don’t do that,” he said solemnly, “I have seen some labia Majora(cunts’ lips ) and even a pencil’s smeareds black on such an organ; but if it would have hided behind the trees – I  could penetrate the orchard and enjoy its juicy fruits. . .And Please don’t forget, that we had a small trees’ garden in my childhood in Israel...I like better the hairy pudenta, what’s wrong with that? That I am so sincere and straight forward? Or does it show I’m not a modern guy? And I also hate some stinking smell that breaks out from a cunt with bacteria there.”
“Not only  fish, but bacterias?” she laughed again, and then said:
“Well, I understand  the natural organic body, so to say. It has a tremendous allure on you, this blackness stain on the white smooth skin…Now we have a reasonable-organized answer.” 
“well, your style is acceptable,” he said and they were again in a black forest of beastly cries and wild assaults of lips, like biting and swallowing each other’s flesh, joined by delicate warm caresses and moans of bliss.. 
“You are good to me, Humik. Don’t …don’t blame me for my changing mood, very rapidly changing, like a view taken from a train, you see, and I don’t know why, I don’t. I beg for myself so many…many good gifts, and I bring myself to abyss…Mozart was the genius of my youth, but he had deserted the stage… and I swim, I can draw that blue on myself, and on your look…you stare very strangely on me. Who are you, I ask. Why am I here? why don’t I feel a solid matresse under me? I see a red wall, smoke all around, flees flying, bees stinging, no music, no, no.”  
“What happens to you, Tamy?” he asked, again bewildered by her implicit sentences, “Have you been using some drug?”
“The circle widens. Now there are two three four,  they widen in the middle of the town square… Please, I cannot concentrate,” she suddenly said, “I cannot be with you any more tonight. Please take me back to the…man…I don’t know. The focus broke down, the focus of the sun…”
He was astonished about her jumping topics and disordered wording. She was silent and her body became like frozen. He took her hands, that he felt like cooling in his hands. He elbowed her to raise her body from the bed, after having removed the blanket which partly covered them. He did not identify her last sentences as a mental disorder. He did not know what it was, as he had never read even an elementary book about psychology or psychiatry. 
He told himself again, that either she had been shocked of  something, or swallowed some drug – as he had seen such cases of half merry unconsciousness- among Holywood ‘stars’, who would occasionally visit his parent’s store.
He was attacked by a sad mood, but restrained himself from insulting or blaming her.
“I am sure you’ll be all right,” he said, thinking that she may understand him. They walked in that ‘half slumber’ situation of hers for quite a long way toward her dwelling. Actually he was dragging her ‘as a sack that I carried in my work with Mike- from a truck to a flour store,’ he thought ironically. . . Though he could get a taxi, he wanted to save money, being afraid that his parents may not provide him the additional sum, that they had promised and he had not yet received. ‘They hate my stay here,’ he suddenly thought,  ‘maybe there were some sense in their scolding at me…’
He continued speaking to Tamy along the way, saying very simple sentences, just to have her awarenesss that he was beside her; but she did not try to answer, even her eyes were open. 
 “I know that you are delighted to be with me and enjoy our talks and fond of each other, don’t you?…What a quick and bursting fuck it was, I thank you so much, Tamy. I am sure you will soon get a good sleep, and awake tomorrow and see the new bright dawn…” He was telling all that for his own sake. He could not imagine a sudden disengagement from her. . . 
Semadar was not in the room, but came very soon and discerned  that Tamy was lying on her bed, sleeping with her dress on. Humik told Semadar, that her friend and collegue had taken some drink, and felt bad. In  his opinion she would be better after a night’s sleep. 
Semadar was bothered with herself and did not ask questions. She only helped Humik to take Tamy’s shoes out of her feet.
“Let’s get to the kitchen, do you hear me?” said Semadar loudly and he did not understand why she had called him to be left with her.
”I’ll be leaving a week from now,” said Semadar excitedly. She seemed to him at that moment very egotistic, thinking only about herself. “Next Tuesday I’ll say good bye to you!”
 Humik had taken the low chair there, and was patient to hear  Semadar’s story:  
“I’ve received a telegram from Erga Lifshits,” she said, “She   is a most remarkable Actors’  Organizer and Producer  in  Israel. I’ve gotten it just before I’ve  left  this place, to buy something in the pharmacy. . .  Read this,” She handed a paper to Humik.
“Very nice. She invites you,” he said, reading the text,  “to join the band of two singing girls, who are just after their Army service in an Entertainment Team.. . Very good, Mazal tov(Good luck), Semadar.”
 “And you know who are the other two girl-singers?” asked Semadar. “A pity that Tamy does not hear me. .. she knows them. Their names are Avia and Tzvia. Erga had  told me that on the phone.”
“What kind of songs will you sing there?” asked Humik. 
“First, we will be called ‘Three Singingirls- in one word (In Hebrew: Shlosharot). We will take Israeli modern songs, some in jaz tempos, and French chansons. We will set aside the old Russian songs. Erga says- that we’ll have a mix of voices, that will fill the audience halls.  and she has many friends in the radio- who will  push our new band’s songs on the broadcast lines.”
 “But why is it so urgent, that you should return to Israel so soon?” asked Humik.
“Erga has her calculations. So she has decided, that I should take a plane this time. Only half of the flight cost would fall on me - and the rest on Erga’s account. ..After Rosh Hashona holidays we will begin rehearsals.”
“And when will you perform on the stage?” he asked. 
“Hopefully in Hanuka (Jewish Lighting days, near Chrismas days), which is one of most entertaining holidays in Israel, especailly for children and their Moms!” She laughed. 
Humik shook hands with Semadar, kissed her on her cheek and promised her: “See you again tommorow. Tell all that to Tamy. She will have to be in my sole control- after your leave.”

On his way back to his room, he was still sure that Tamy had drank something without admitting it, and that the bad symptoms of something serious  would  pass – after she would be having a good long sleep. 
In his room he felt  a slight ache in his forehead, above his left eye, and he guessed it had derived from his tiredness. He fell asleep quickly, and did not hear when his friend Mike returned to the room.
In the morning, while already driving with Mike, he did not tell him anything about Tamy. ‘I know it would not help in anything’, he said to himself… He just tried to remember how reasonably and how well she had been speaking with him in the days before. She was talking about her wish to be a most excellent student in the Manhatten School of Music. She said that her Instructor-Professor in Israel had expected that she would be very appreciated there. He had really recommended to her about that musical High school. 
“Though I have heard,” she said, “that they won’t have the best Instructors for the coming year. But Professor Bulkin told my papa, that a talent like me appears only in one of ten or fifty thousands piano students, taking into account the technical level and professional knowledge and wide repertoire that I have already achieved.. . So, it won’t make a difference even if they don’t have extraordinary teachers there in Manhatten. He emphasized, that I should be aspiring to become not only an accompanist or choir director or opera coach or an Academy Instructor for music! I should consider myself as a genius!. Yes, so he said. He prophesied that in two three years I’ll be so admired in America, that they’ll find me fit for performances as a solist in piano recitals. I should appear within five or seven years- with the greatest philharmonic orchestras in the world… Yes, I lack knowledge in American Jazz, I am only classics player. Because of that - I have arrived in the States, to study modern music, like that of Gershwin… and even prepare a repertoire, including younger compposers. O’key, I have just bothered you in loud thinking about myself…”
“No,” he answered, “it’s not a bother for me; it’s not boring me at all. It’s just very interesting - what I hear from you. Though I feel my inferiority complex buzz in my mind, and the itching in my heart. A prey bird of jealousy is hovering over me, around and around, so what should I do? I have my right to live with my…    mediocrity, with my poor subtlety too…I wish you all the best, really and sincerely, Tamy!”
“I’m sorry that you feel like predominated…You certainly have many capabilities you are not aware of now, I am sure about that. Don’t be so… desparate about your personal potential and abilities. Everyone has some genius flickering inside. Wisdom is not exposing itself to other people until you convince them you’re good in something. And  sooner is better than later, I say. So- think about how to exhibit a central faculty of yours, I don’t know you enough to tell you what it is…”
“You very smartly  condole me in all that,” he said. 
Then he remembered that on their first night at her room, when she put off her bra, and her nice breasts were close to his nose; he wanted to put on the light in the room, and she opposed that, suddenly shouting: “No, put it off! I refuse to let you see me too clear. I’m not a stripteaser.” And she came silent for a minute and then said: “Oh, I am so bewildered now. . . go out, Humik’!”  

Next morning Tamy woke up very early, and stepped to the kitchen. Semadar was half sleepy, and heard her shout: “I’ll finish with this. I should finish my … disaster, oh oh!!.”
Semadar did not know what had made her jump. She ran out bare footed to her. She found Tamy standing in the kitchen with a long knife-for-cutting-meat in her hand. Tamy was staring at it in dread, and screamed  again. It was something unclear. Semadr saw her bleeding left hand, and jumped on her back, grabbed her arm and snatched the knife from her. She went to window, opened it and threw the sharp article down to the ground. Tamy steped out from the blood-covered floor, and then collapsed. Semadar tried to wrap her wrist, over the hurted veins - by a rubbered strip of an old cloth that she had. She wanted to stop the shedding blood. She called Tamy by her name many times, but Tamy did not wake. In trembling fingers Semadar  dialled to the police and invited them – in a shocked voice, to arrive in the room, with an ambulance. 
Two policemen came very soon with medics, who took Tamy on a stretcher. They said they’ll bring her to Mount  Sinai hospital. Semadar told the cops what she had seen. Then she mentioned the knife, which they have soon found on the ground under the window’s room. They took it with them. They took also Semadar to the police station for further inquiry…
Semadar was released from police, as they had received a message from hospital, that young Tamy had been proved to commit suicide.
Semadar stated to Humik the wording of the message that she had received by the policemen:
 “Your roommate is suspected of suffering from schizophrenia,” they said, “but all is pending further tests and analyses by the experts of an ‘asylum, or hospital of mental diseases’, to which Tamy would be sent in the evening. Yes,  she had signed a Form of Consent to that.. .”
All these details were told by Semadar to poor Humik, when he arrived in the afternoon at her room, because on the phone Semadar refused to tell him anything about where her roommate would be.
Hearing the sad news, he felt remorse. He was sure that his friendship with Tamy had not been the only cause for her helpless situation. But who would be sure, that all the affair had no impact on her, and worsened her mental collapse?…
He wanted to visit Tamy still at the same evening, but Semadar told him that no visits were allowed in the asylum, for the time being. Maybe when her acute situation would improve...Of course, any further Singing Show of the two Israeli girls had been cancelled.
On the following evening Humik visited Semadar. He urged her to contact the administration office of the mads asylum, and inquire there.
 Not only that: Semadar had known the phone number of Tamy’s father, and had immediately contacted him, to let him know her condition.
“I am aware that she could get an attack,” he told Semadar, “She had once been hospitalized for mental disorder. I tell it to you only, as I know you are her best friend. . .Don’t scatter this news about her personal condition – to friends or acquaintances or to the public audience. . .  I will fly tomorrow to New York, and take care to bring her back home.”
“The attack might pass very soon, after Tamy gets a due treatment,”  Semadar told Humik. She had succeeded to visit the asylum and  talk with one of the young Psychiatrists there. She saw on the labels of the doctors the name Grinebaum, and asked the medical secretary if he was a Jew. “By chance – yes,” the secretary answered. So, Semadar had waited in the office, and when that docs came to take documents there – she asked Dr. Ginebaum if he had been from Israel. 
“No,” he said  “but I have family relatives there…” Semadar knew from him, that the attack may last weeks, or even only days. Then he told her:
“this cursed disease might appear again to your girl-friend, no doubt. But it can be concealed again in her mind for years, and then suddenly assault forcefully again. So is life…We cant predict. I hope that her father will come tomorrow, and take her to your country. They know there how to deal with it. Thank you for your interest in Tamy. I will tell her that you have visited here. She understands most of what’s going around, and talks. . 
But- you can understand that I can’t reveal anything more. Bye.” 
Humik was panting, while he listened to that unhappy end of his relationship with a girl from his homeland. It had filled some gap of time in his young life. He would remain now again with his friend Mike. The fellow had found already a steady relationship with a good girlfriend. She was coming with her sister to hear Tamy and Samadar, and so got acquainted with  the chatter Mike.  
In the following day, when driving with Mike to their hard work  - Humik was silent about his departure from Tamy and about her madness. In the afternoon they have met Mike’s roomate – Shlomik, who heard with Mike that Tamy had tried to make suicide.
“Let me tell Humik the story about a suicide that I know,” he cynically said to Mike- who smiled. “Not long ago, just as I had become to know Mike- my old woman-friend, who had no children, became pregnant from me. She said she would refuse an abortion, and I pressured her to do that. ‘I’ll commit suicide,’ she said. I was very shocked, remember- Mike? Now tell Humik what you had told me…”
“I said to Shlomik,” said Mike, “don’t be a fool! Of course she wants you, Shlomik – to make suicide, not she’ll do it. So- let her go…And so - no suicide had come up. The genicologists only scratched her womb somehow, and finished with the tiny embrio.”
“You want to laugh at me by your joke,” said Humik to his friends, “or raise my depressed spirit. Singer Tamy- was really good to me, don’t mock at her nor at me.”
“I bet on a whiskey bottle- that you’ll find another pretty ‘chic girl’ very soon,” told him Mike, “You bastard – know how to storm a girl’s mind, because you know well English. Your present bad mood will pass, you know. . .You don’t pity mad Tamy- but yourself. I hope  you’ll not find an older woman of thirty or more- likw Shlomik.”
“Why not?” asked insulted Shlomik, “such one does not get illusioned of getting married with you. She knows how to live in the present and that’s all. O’key, guys,  Let’s Get into Alex Bar and – take a whisky, and forget about girls now…”
A week later, Humik winked at Mike – while he was telling him with a smile:  “I think I have just discovered a really attractive young woman here. The doll had selected me - out of about twenty guys. We were  waiting at the Office for the Ads and Promotion Course, that I would take. I’ve told you about it. I had to deposit there a second sum of Registration-Enlisting Fee, so they call it.”  



CHAPTER 7


At those days Humik had an athletic body structure, like A Hollywood’s Star: He was of average height, and had strong and developed arms’ muscles, strong straight legs-  and tough chin, that was rare for his age. His head was having thick black hair, and his mustache was neither thick nor narrow, unlike the two horrible dictators of the 20th century. Because of the said qualities, many young girls who had met him in the street – or on the bench, while waiting for the registratoin to the course of ‘Ads & Promotion for Entertainment and Artists’, were quite curious and attracted to have a look at him.
They almost forced him to pay attention to their desiring eyes and protruding chests and beaming faces and silky skins. They also heard his nice voice, while talking, and hearing his accent- they knew he had not been a born American. Perhaps that had made him even a ‘more precious’ kind of persona …
One of these girls was over twenty years of age, with plenty satine hairs falling on her back, grey yellow green eyes and a Mona Liza kind of a smile. She was having snake leather’s shoes without heels, and though it was summer time – her feet were wearing white socks. Her skirt’s color was pink, and her quite open shirt was pink as well, but all that was nothing, comparing to her doll’s face and strawberry lips, that had not been smeared by any lipstick. But to Humik they seemed as pure spring’s water – to quench one’s thirsty soul in a furnaced desert.
Her name was Raphaella. After she had given his her hand to shake, she told her name and asked him if he had been there for the first time. He said ‘yes’ and she asked for fire to lit her cigarette. He told her he had never smoked, and she waited till he found a guy with a pipe and brought her a burning match.
…After they had been officially approved to be the Course participants, they walked outside. While being on the sidewalk, Raphaella was giving her hand to Humik. She seemed cautious – not to investigate much about his past or about his so called
‘cultural or social fields of interest’. But she began to chat, saying: “Look. I’m a sensitive woman, and my experience had taught me- that I should have much patience in my life. I’m very sportive, and having a strnog heart. My mentality is different from that of a regular woman… I know many guys in town, especially those who practice arts – or are already actors, and theatre or movie directors. Therefore I’m taking this Course.”
“It’s fascinating,“ he said, “that you affirm all that about yourself. I really wish you success. You are so pretty, that I … ”
“A guy who has traditional beliefs and enjoys acceptacble ideas- would not like me nor love me”, she said.
“So, you define yourself as an extraodinary non-conformist, I would say.”
“Yes.” she said, smiling.
“Regarding this course, I’m sorry that I take it only now. I had been long living near Hollywood. I could have begun there- to learn something about advrtising and promoting. My Mom was angry about me because of that.”
“But – didn’t you have any connection with actors or artists in Hollywood? Even not directly, I mean...”
“No. I am young. My Mom recognizes some actors… I’d left my family, that’s the bare and real truth. I’ve had some misunder--standings with my parents.”
“I know that kind of problems. From my own life experience…” 
By the way, what are you doing for your living?” she suddenly shot her question. ‘Only now’ – thought Humik – ‘she’s really revealing her interest in me as a living human being. Well.’
“I have a temporary work. I’m a carrier of tourists’ baggages, working with a friend. He has a cab. It’s a partial work.”
“Are you paid more than ten Dollars a day?”
“No,” he said, and suddenly she was looking straight into his eyes and winking with a smile.
“I have a better work, with a double and more salary” she said,
“Have you heard about the Peepshow Cellar?”
“No,” said Humik.
“Now it’s now quite a respectable but half-secret institute here, in Manhatten. They screen sixteen milimeter blue movies. They are also having natural… colorful special shows… of real fucking practice.”
”Oh,” he said. “I didn’t know. I’m less than a month here.”
“O’key, you can visit it – even now.”
“Who owns such an institute? The Mafia?”
“I don’t know, but I know the manager, who’s very sympathetic. Most likely he isn’t directly connected with crime.”
“I am afraid to work in such a…”
“Come on, you will be with me. These aren’t gangsters at all.”
He did not hesitate any more, and walked with Raphaella to the Cellar.
“I should inspect the conditions there in my own eyes,” he said.
“Very well,” she said. They continued walking, and she added: “You have to know, that there are many visitors there. It’s a prosperous business. You can earn thirty five bucks per show: That means- an effort of only two or two and half hours.”
“Unbelievable,” said Humik. He was already glad about the new opportunity, though quite a curious and still doubtful.
“If you remember,” reckoned Raphaella, “that we’ll pay for that cursed course about five hundred, you can make it quite easily here with me. I earn an equal amount like you. And you know – you remain anonymous in this town. I mean: if you are shy, or feel it’s not so respectable. But we are all here, in NY, like worms, you understand.”
“I don’t just agree with your last definitions. Let’s leave that.”
They were kissing along their way and he was very attracted to her tall body and well built breast, and to the pecular color of her eyes. Even the way she was walking – was challenging him, like her way of talking, and her almost-pride in what she was doing.
“I’m not a whore,” she told him, “don’t think like that about me.”
‘I’m attracted by her, and rush after her like a tail after a cat, God,’ he said to himself. ‘I still don’t quite believe … ’
She pointed on a high building in the avenue.
“It’s there,’ she said. He was feeling that his cheeks were beaming. ‘I’ve not been shy recently’, he told himself, ‘but it seems I can still be amazed by a woman like young Jewish Raphaella. She has just told me about her dominant father, who’s an Ashkenazy Rabbi. He had tried to prevent her studies in High school. Her mother was more modern – and stayed in contact with her since she has left home. All had been caused by her pedant papa. It had been difficult, yeah… Her brothers were a differnet kind of people. They were ‘Yeshiva’ scholars.
‘She is just nice and sincere, telling me all that.’ thought Humik.
For a moment his heart was over-pounding, because he thought that if his Mom had agreed to send him much more money- and she could afford it – he wouldn’t have made this deal with pretty Raphaella… 
But immediately he stopped thinking about that: They were at the Entrance to the Peepshow Cellar. “It will be an easy job.”-
promised Raphaella, ”it will permit both of us to have more time for studying.” Though she, Raphaella, may want to go out together and enjoy some entertainment. Yes, for that he’ll need more money, as he will have also to pay a half of the rental cost of Mike’s room.
“I’ll cause you,” Raphaella interrupted his thoughts, “to get out of the frustration you’ve had from your last girlfriend. You truly admit you were not lying together – Do you?” He nodded.
Raphaella began to talk with the guard at the gate, and Humik continued to think. ‘Raphaella still does not know my plan to go one day to Israel. Why should I tell her that now? I am sure she is ready for a short type of relationship, just for the Course days. I assume she has changed a lot of mates in her life… 
The guard or ‘Order Keeper’ at the Peepshow Cellar entry recognized Raphaella. He permitted the couple to pass his gate with a smile, saying: ‘Have a good time’. There were colored ads of ‘sexy underground movies‘ on the walls. Getting down on the wide steps leading the cellar, Humik could see black and white pictures of nude girls on the side walls. He and Raphaella were reaching a darkened Hall. They discerned a crowd, standing and pushing forward, while smell of sweating was filling the air. Humik looked right and left and forward, and saw only faces of males, young and middleaged. No old man had been permitted to enter, so he guessed. His girl friend Raphaella saw him staying to look around, and prompted him to push forward.
Then he saw that men were just standing or slowly walking – and looking at six like-sculpured undressed girls, alive and breathing. They were standing there at the wall, as ancient Greek marble statues. They had not dared to move even for scratching. . But all of a sudden a small gong noise had been heard – and, at once, they all changed their position from looking frontly at the sex starving guys – to a ‘profile position’. Humik surveyed the young women one after the other:
The first one was a white Aphrodite, the second one- a black Cleopatra, the third- Indian American Montesuma’s daughter, the fourth- simply Mulat, white and black mix; the fifth was a Japanese grabbing a silk-made-fan; the sixth was a Chinese with a rice bowel in hand. All of the lips were colored by lipstick, and their breasts’ buttons had been exaggerately smeared by some paste of Vermallion color. Some were like moaning in an artificial orgasm weak noises, and all had a ‘glass like gaze’, fixing their eyes to a far, unknown target on the ceiling.
“You know? they should not look straight at you, as direct seducing is prohibited”, said Raphaella, who pulled Humik’s right hand by her left hand. She was leading him now toward a wide gate, to enter a big Hall.
“The Peepshow room is inside this Hall,” she whispered, “D’You see the pentagon structure there?”
Humik saw that some people were standing at the closed walls of that special structure.
“The peepshow has not yet begun”, she reckoned.
“If so- let me just return to the nudes,” Humik said, “I haven’t seen such a view in my life. Maybe I’ll talk to one. Like negotiate, for fun.”
“They pretend to behave like shy girls,” she said, “So the regulations order them. You have seen: most men were viewing their bodies – from the head to foot.”
“I wonder, that guys don’t quarrel about some girl.”
“You shouldn’t call them girls. Call them: dirties.” Said Raphaella.
“I discerned that the men were not even touching them, or .. .you know? some want to pinch an ass, but restrain themselves!”
“Sir,” she said, as they were back there, looking together at the girls, “if you do that – the manager will come with two monster guys and tear you shape. Everything is kept here on order.”
“I haven’t seen a guy, who would take any of them to a side room, behind the black curtain there. Nor outside, to a hotel or motel room.” He whispered to her.
“You, wise guy!” she said, “Most males who come here are poor. They don’t earn enough money even to look at the Peepshow. They just come here to that corridor, to have a look of real, nice nude young girls. They are gathering material for masturbating at home. That’s what these misers do.”
A whispering buzz was suddenly in the air. Somebody pushed Raphaella and asked what was she doing there. The show was only for males, he said. Or is she a new girl, coming to work?
“If so, put your dress off,” he shouted. Humik pulled her by the hand and they re-entered the Hall with the Pentagon Peepshow room. At that moment the Manager was coming.
“You know that Fionna has become sick?” he asked Raphaella, “If you have a partner with you, enter the peepshow room now.”
He indicated her to get there through the entry side door, but Humik at first refused to follow her.
“I thought,” he said, “that today we’re only in a visit here. I really just wanted to view, and have some impression.”
“Don’t be silly, he’ll pay us today a special incentive. Thirty percent more than I’d told you before.”
“You swear it,” he said.
‘I swear.” She whispered, “Don’t fear. They are decent guys here, and will pay exactly what I’ve concluded with them.”
They entered the peepshow room. She began to undress him, and was taking his penis by her fingers and began licking it, then pushed a button on one of the pentagon walls.
The manager came again immediately. He surveyed Humik’s body from top to bottom, and Humik thought it was like in a slaves‘ market, but who cares?
Before undressing her skirt and underwear – Raphaella has worn big black sunglasses to her eyes. The managers told her:
“The audience is impatient. Begin with the show, even if partial sex,” he added, “You know: In the last show- the guy has finished a third time and was exhausted, so the crowd shouted like mad. It was a big mess.”
He bent toward naked Humik, who was just seated on the carpet there. ”I demand you to restrain yourself. Don’t ejaculate so soon. Do like a disciple of Zen Budism, have you heard about that method? It’s of a Hindu casta.”
The manager went out, after having tapped Humik’s shoulder to cheer him up. Naked Raphaella was now attacking Humik, kisssing him fervently and holding again his penis in her fingers, caressing and kissing it. She lied beside him, and pointed on the ‘holes in the walls’. They both could still see through – white color of the outwalls of the Hall surrounding them. But soon the color there had changed to black, as the peepers arrived, their eyes already viewing and their tongues licking their lips in a strange desire.
“We have to make love like a normal man and woman,” she said, ”who are in an amazing desire to each other. You should feel like you’re at home, in an indulgent bed with a dilligent burning woman, who is me. I am a nimphomaniac,” she laughed loudly.
She became kneeled beside him and pulled him to do the same. He was looking at her nice breasts and red nipples and at her triangular haired pudenta and saw it was like lilac and black and very flashing in the electric light of the lamps above them. He then gazed at her rounding shoulders and long arms and straight feet and at her buttockss and at her flat belly. The skin of all her limbs was brown, a little bit sunburnt. He asked where she was getting ‘Sunbathing’ and she said that on the beach – not on a roof, as others do.
Then one of the peepers whislted out of impatience. Raphaella told Humik not to pay attention to it. She was lying nude on her back, and he was lying beside her, his head on her face, kissing her again and again. Suddenly he felt a smell of dust in his nose. He told that to her, and she said: “I think that they have a Vaccum Cleaner here. They clean here daily. Also they treat the carpet – removing sperm, if someone has spilled that dirt.”
Raphaella moved her face aside and her nostrills were sniffing-smelling the carpet in a loud inhale.
” I smell the Perfume they have put in here.”
Then she faced him again and already interwoven her feet with his. He was on her, and the saliva dropping peepers saw Humik’s back and ass. She told him that she really loves him and he whispered that he had just heard peepers pushing each other at a peephole, and Humik was laughing loudly.
She reckoned that now ‘somebody has put his finger into a hole and moving it like a warm. But principally we have very few real Psychphants here.’
After having penetrated her, he paid attention to the fact that the air conditioner was operating. She said that it had been her request, because the smell of sweat really cause her nausea. However, she likes the smell of a man’s sperm.
“Oh, how have I forgotten to hand you a condom?” she rose suddenly, and Humik retreated. She pushed the button at the wall, and the telephone apparatus in the corner was ringing.
“Yes, what is it?” asked the manager.
“I must have a rubber,” said Raphaella.
Very soon one of the Guards was coming. He he pushed off the peeping fellows, and through the hole threw a small envelope toward the lying couple. The peepers’ audience were whistling, while Humik was putting on the condom and immediately re-pentrated Raphaella. She urged him to restrain himself as much as he could, and he said he would try his best.
“According to my agreement here,” she said, “we have to perform nine types of fucking poses within forty five minutes.”
“So, we are in the first,” he said.
“Yes, but now let me climb over you.”
“I don’t remember by heart all possible positions,” he laughed.
“O’key, we have already two. The third is: I am seated on you. Fourth: you almost seated on me. Fifth, let me remind… side by side. then- sixty nine, then ninty six, and the last one is the hardest. We need to creep like two dogs, back to back. Not easy.” He said that the last one he won’t try that day.
“How is mister pin?” she asked and he felt the impetus of ejaculation and moaned quietly. Then he turned to the corner and removed the condom.
She handed him a new towel and he wiped up the wetness from his penis and palms, and was lying beside her, looking at her beautiful eyes, and she was also satisfied from looking at his athletic body. Their panting became slower.
“The viewers know already that you’re a circumcised Jew.” she mentioned suddenly, laughing.
“It seems like many of the visitors here are Jewish.” he said.
“About half of them,” she commented, “according to official Statistics. Some come with a cap on the head… I have an aunt, who’s used to say: ‘If my guy laughs at my jokes in bed, he’s Jewish. I know it – without looking at his penis. If I look, and discern he’s not a Jew – I know he’s a superman.’ The dirties had told me, that sometime they would find a Jew who’s bisexual, or the devil knows what. They don’t laugh with you about anything in bed. Now … is your snake ready to re-visit my cave?”
“Yes,” he said and was on her. She began faking a loud orgasma: ‘for the sake of these spitters outside,’ she whispered.
“Oh,” she suddenly said loudly, “How had I forgotten? You must also moan out of big pleasure. That is one of the clauses in my Agreement with the Management, that we should both fake loud orgasma voices. Because there is a certain type of males, that masturbte near the peeping hole – only if they hear that sexual moaning.”
“Is the manager peeping here from time to time?” he asked.
“Of course. He must take control of the performers. Especially regarding a new employee like you. A man who does not seem fit for a smooth and impressing fucking is driven out. It’s a solid and serious show business here. Sometime the town’s Mayor himself would come, looking or just selecting a black or brown woman. All is officially approved, the manager told me. Now, you slow your effort, I see you are sweating. It’s hard, I know.”
“I do my best,” he panted.
“I’m sorry. Don’t think too much about your fatigue. You might get frightened, and the what-his-name may change into a sardin.”
About two hours and a quarter have passed, and Humik was lying tired on his back, then turned to her. They were just embracing
each other side by side and kissing lightly. He suddenly remembered what his mother had told him before he had made his way to New York:
“Well, you can get a nice amount of money from Solomon. Pending that you remove from your head the idea of extending your stay in New York- he’ll render you three thousands bucks.”
Now Humik thought how had Solomon become so rich lately. ‘Eureka!’ he said to himself. ‘The wisest of all man, our great king Solomon, had thousand women in bed. My papa-in-law has taken them into his photography stock, as naked as the living girls here. How hadn’t I imagined that before? Many young girls were coming to Hollywood from all over the world, to pose themselves for playing in the films. Most of them were thrown by the Studios – out to the dogs. Now I remember two of such girls, that Mom had told me about. She said that they were in trouble and came to her and asked ‘some advice what to do in California’. They had no money to return to their far away home. “Of course, they refuse to be just simple whores,” Mom said to me… Maybe they had been Israeli girls. I didn’t think about the phornographic industry then. Solomon had begun to earn big amounts a year or two years ago. Now I’m thinking, that his assistant, Moony –was responsible for that kind of photographs in his studio. They didn’t want me to know about that. The brochures showing the posing girls, were prepared in a certain Press House not far. I was discerning that Moony was driving out on his motorcycle in daytime. I was told, that it was because he had only a partial work with Solomon… 
( Remark: dear reader, please remember that no www. no CD-s , no Video tapes phornos– were available in those remote years).
“What are you thinking about?” asked Raphaella.
“Ah,” Humik waved his hand, “You know, that men have some kind of sad mood after a fuck. I’ve a friend who said, that it had been bringing on him a most desparate mood, like abyss. He really asked a psychiatrist about that. The doc told him that it was a regular post intercourse reaction for of most males. So, it’s O’key; only pray then for God’s help!”
“Poof,” Raphaella declared, “You, men – are the most nervous, aggressive, doomed, morbid, damned creatures in the world. God should have created you with a better structure of mind and heart, and elaborate their mutual communication.”



CHAPTER 8


Hollywood actress Simona Richland, Ramona’s friend, travelled from Beverly Hills CA. – to Manhatten NY. She was said to take part on Broadway stage in a new Musical, that would be produced within a year; hopefully as a celluloid film.
We have to remember that Oklahoma and Annie O’akley and Seven Brides to Seven Brothers- had been already produced and shown on cinema theatres, and Simone had been one of the small stars in one of them; and maybe also mentioned in the long long list of characters and actors at the end of the film. So, her wish to take part in Broadway Musical cannot be judged as a caprice… 
Add to this the fact that in New York was waiting for her an ardent lover: He Insurance Agent Nikolas Collar; so, you have an argument for her quick affirmative response to the Musical director’s proposal.
But all these facts were not so interesting for Ramona, who heard about her friend’s flight to the Eastern Coast. She had an interest in that journey- mainly to ask Simone do her a favour.
“Please find where and how my son is. He hasn’t phoned nor written about three weeks. Here is his address, but I’m not sure it’s now the correct one. Maybe he had changed his living place. See what happens and report to me, dear.”
Simone’s sweetheart was forty years old, a kind of a guy having a thick velvet black hair like the legendary Gregory Peck in his adult days. Nikolas was wearing a black suit since his youth, and had many types of invesments in stocks and debentures, in gold and silver, in oil and maybe in airflight companies. Two days before Simone had arrived in NY, Mr. Nikolas heard from a friend about the Peepshow house. He was a son of a Mormon family, but had neglected his home tradition and belief, and refused to have eight children. He was happy to be a joyful bachelor jolting from Simona to Fiona to Nancy to Betty etcetera.
Simone was happy to hear that Nikolas would like to visit the PeepCellar( After the year 1980 it became a PopCellar, but we’re not interested in history). So, the two were walkng there together, for reasons well understood …Humik did not tell Ramona he had been there, but Simone had not come for meeing him, surely.
The guard at the gate, named Effy – guessed that she was a new dirty maid, and when she was standing beside Nikolas among the the dense crowd, some beagn mumuring: ‘Why is this lady pushing us? Why does she come in the evening, if she wants to work? The bosses have to interview her at noon, where no one would be here’.
“And everybody knows”- said another speaker, “that a woman should not mix here with men: that is thought by the Law to be a seduction … ” and so on.
Soon the manager arrived before the waiting lines of the men, and Simone explained him something. Having understood what she had wanted, he sent her and Nikolas – straight to the Peepshow room’s holes. He appeared to the clients, and asked all to avoid remarks and pushings and maybe also ass pinching.
As soon as Simone and Nikolas peeped into the showroom by two different holes, Simone uttered a shriek!
‘I thought that I’m getting a heart attack’- she told Ramona afterward on the phone. ‘My niece, the daughter of my own sister, who I have grabbed as a naked baby in my hands for bathing her – was now naked, in different circumstances.’
Simone had heard something about her niece before; but she thought Raphaella was photo-phornographing in NY, with well disguised face. But at this moment – in such a place and such a work? A Jewish girl? My niece? Hossid Rabbi’s daughter? Yes, it’s her reaction against the supressive atmosphere she had at home… Once I have studied about some pleads against the Authorities, ‘Order nisi’, and ‘Hebeas Corpus’: The corpse is before you. Now, it’s Raphaella’s naked living corpse before me.
“Raphaella!” shouted Simone through the peeping hole, “This is your aunt, Simone. I will be waiting for you in the entrance. Please don’t let me wait too much, and come to see me, darling.”
Raphaella was astound. Her family member gets into the lion’s mouth. She has never dreamt it could happen. Exactly now. Time Out has come for the couple, and Raphaella and Humik quickly dressed themselves. They walked to the entrance, but through a side way, so that Simone and her sweetheart Nikolas saw them coming from another side to the Cellar front door.
They shook hands warmfully, and Humik was introduced to them. Simone remarked:
“Oh, we know already each other. It’s a good message for your Mom, Humik- that I’ve found you alive.” (I’ve caught two pigeons at once, she told herself).
“Well,” he said, “You just tell her not to panic.”
“Let’s get to the Avenue Café, and have coffee and cakes.” said Simone. All nodded and got out of the notorious Cellar.
“Your Mom would know now, that there are miracles in this world,” Simone told Humik, “I knew by her talk, that you were studying here something. Well, d’you continue with that?”
“Of course,” he said, “and Raphaella is studying there too. Same course, same studies: Dealing with how to promote and advertise actors like you- or artists…Or Fine Arts’ creations, or entertainment productions, like movies and stage dramas.”
“It’s a broad subject, and I think that it’s quite interesting,” said Raphaella.
“That’s fine,” said Simone, “Humik, you had really travelled far away – to study that, and to meet my niece. Well well.”

After that meeting, Ramona received a phone call from her friend Simone:
“Your son has not drawned in the ocean,” she told her, “in my opinion he just needs more money for more entertainment and girls. You know, in his age. While meeting me- at first his face became sallow, but he recovered very soon. We were having a very intelligent talk, with the presence of my niece.”
“What niece?” asked Ramona, having forgotten that once she had been told something about Raphaella.
“Maybe we’ll be one day family relatives,” Simone laughed loudly, “Humik has a girl friend, who is a great ‘Tsatske’, so
we’d call that in our Yiddish language. She is a kosher girl, a daughter of my flesh and blood sister Zelda.”
“How old is she?” asked Ramona, and Simone told her.
“I don’t like that,” said Ramona. But then she thought that better this girl than the Israeli one, that would have pushed him – by her talks and by her innocent behavior, to dream more and more about his childhhood’s land, in pros without cons.
“O’key, my dear friend,” said Ramona. “I’ll talk to Solomon. He will persuade Humik – not to take your niece too seriously.”
“I think the knows that by himself… she is similar to me in her pretiness; and she, my niece- likes him very much. Not just fond of him, d’you understand?”
“Did he tell you if he was working – in a better job than a carrier? It is not a work for his weak body.”
“In that – I have great news for you. He’s working with my niece in a peeepshow Cellar. Ha Ha, Ho Ho.”
“Oh, God is not so merciful to me,” said Ramona, and disliked the kind of comical sounds that Simone had demonstrated on the phone, while telling her all about her son’s job.
Simone gave Ramona the phone number of that Cellar, but she didn’t know if Humik could be found there.
“It’s better if you and your husband don’t mix yourself in the guy’s business; listen to me,” finalized Simone her phone talk.

Meanwhile the couple was satisfied from the Ads & Promotion Course, and one day Raphaella told Humik:
“I have a dream, that after we’ll have finished our studies here- I’ll open with somebody I know – an Ads Office. I’ll become slowly but surely – a famous artists’ and actors’ agent or manager or advertiser. There are so many theaters here, that I can’t miss having a prosperous business, or find a good job as an employee. And remember: Many of the producers here are Jewish, and they would help me to advance, by hook or by crook. Then I will compete with them; maybe you also will compete with me – but so is life…”
The length of their relationship and common work has already reached more than a month. But one nice day Humik became suspicious: Raphaella was trying to avoid looking at him in class. As they were having the Peepshow sex only four days a week, that day was ‘free’ for both. He had suggested to go out with her to a movie. She said her Mom had fallen in the street and broken her chin, so she, Raphaella, would have no mood for a movie. She should go to see her mother, who’s at home in the Bronx. Humik went out with Mike that evening, but the day after Raphaelle did not come to the Course studies. He thought she would meet him in the afternoon in the Peepshow Cellar, and asked the Guard Effy if he had seen her already arriving.
‘No,” said the guy.
At that time Raphaella was in a restaurant near her hired room in the Bronx. She was on the phone, telling somebody:
“Well, Naitty, as you say.”
She remembered that once she had mentioned to Humik that name, Naitty. She had told him that the man was her ex guyfriend. She added, that the guy would try to contact her from time to time. He had parted from her, ‘having big problems with himself’- so she had said.
Now Humik recollected about that, and about her telling, that the man had once visited her room. It had happened while she was already in relationship with Humik.
“But we haven’t had sex, of course,” so she said.
‘Maybe now she needs a vacation from me,’ guessed the teenager Humik. He himself had been absolutely unexperienced in such relationships, that break and renew and then cut and again ‘unite’- as you may say. It was clear to him, that at the end they will separate; but he had thought it would take a much longer time in the future, at least after they would have both jointly prepared themselves for the final examinations.
‘But maybe she doesn’t bluff, and her Mom was really very badly injured,’ said Humik to himself. ‘I should wait. I never asked Raphaella the address of her parents, maybe I should have visited her there… ’
Raphaella’s ex-guy was named Naitty – Nathan Freulich. Ten months before he had been demobilized from the U.S. Army, after a service in Korea. He had very few relatives, except the
family of his uncle, David Freulich from Brooklyn, and there Naitty was living at the first month after his army service. The uncle had the Parkinson disease, and his old wife was holding a grocery store. At first she had tried to put her son there as her assitant, but the guy had shown no interest nor capability in business and trading. On the other hand, his cousine Naitty, who had left the army after having a small ‘brain quiver’(without getting for that any compensation or special pay from the Ministry of Defence)- had known how to be liked and sympathized by his aunt: He was standing in the shop for hours, his tongue busy in talking about doing business: But not business in general terms, but specifically- about debits and credits and loans and payments and suppliers and customers, on goods and services, on taxes- and about tricks that would avoid you from being the government’s servant all your life, and so on.
In contrast to the ‘Assistant’ novel of Bernard Malmud, in which the store owner had only one daughter, the Freulichs had a son, Effy. The new assistant, Naitty, had driven Effy’s feet out from the store. It seemd that Effy hadn’t complained about that. As we already know – Effy found a job as a guard in the famous Peepshow Cellar. His ‘cheap deals’ with its women, and his physical power and aggressive character- had made him an ideal gate guard, ready to defend the respectable institute that had hired him, and clash with anyone who would try to break order...
At first Naitty suspected that Effy would be a real trouble. Why?-
Because Naitty had found that some particular products were missing from the lists he had prepared. But in a second thought he said to himself, that even if Effy had been the thief- let him steal. These were mainly brandy bottles and soft wines for Kiddush (Sabbath Blessing). Effy was ‘rounding in the store’ while he was noted on the Cellar’s duty, and Naitty was ‘wise enough not to quarrel with him,’ so he had told Raphaella- before they separated first time. He should keep friendship with his family, he said, as they had relied on him to continue their business and get is survive… 
But though Naitty was a serious businessman and very prompt in calculations, and thought to be very a reliable by his suppliers, it had come about – that the creditors and Tax Authoritie s began pressuring him for his debts. The National Bank forced him, at last, to shut the Grocery: A plumb with a big lock was imposed on the store- after all its goods had been taken out by Naitty’s numerous creditors, represented by one Lawyer, Mr. Buryhim.
In one of those gloomy days for Naitty, Effy offered him a job in the Cellar, but he rejected it by two hands. He had known what kind of women had been there, and it was not enjoyable, nor acceptable nor respectable- regarding his strong religious belief. And maybe more important: He, Naitty Freulich- would never be a hired employee again: The dangerous army service had been enough for him as a hired soldier, and he received nothing as a compensation. Now he knows well prtactical business, and he would show everyone that he’s going to ‘survive and revive’.
Tricky Naitty paid attention to one important thing, so he told his ex-girlfriend: After the grocery’s goods confiscation by the creditors – no one was coming to inspect if there was a new business in the store’s location. So, Naitty contacted new suppliers, who had not known about his old debts (that most of them, according to Naitty – had really been the old Freulich debts from the past), and they helped him to renew the business. All that would take place under a new name, with a new plateboard above the entry door: Ministore ‘Groise’,( a name which resembles Grocery, but in Jewish Yiddish it means: Great!). The main problem was now the lock, that had been installed on the entry door of the store- as said above. So, Naitty hired a lockbreaker who had done the job, and let him re-enter.
‘I just fullfil my big commitment to God’ Naitty was telling old Jews and blacks who revisited his store. ‘to prosper my business, sell excellent products and in cheap-honest prices. Of course Sabbath or a Jewish Holiday are not workdays; neither for me nor for any Jew. But on all other days and nights along the year, I will make my clients be satisfied by best products. My suppliers believe now in my ability to repay any cent I owe them.’
Two weeks after opening of his renwed business, Naitty called back Raphaella Steinhorn. He knew that she had a long and very provocative behavior, which was in contrast to the orthodox Jewish religion. But Naitty had an argument justifying all that, as he told his cousin Effy:
“There is a sentence in Yom Kippur Prayers: ‘You, God, are ready to receive the repentents,’ and also: ‘we’re allowing you to pray with the criminals.’ So, to pray together yes- and lie together not?’ And something else: Good Raphaella is a very beautiful doll, as you know. She left me – with my consent – because I had become bankrupt. She is a young woman who could not help me, despite she had tried, giving me two thousands, roundabout, while I had already been broke.”
Deeply his heart and soul, Naitty was meditating about that special relationship with his girlfriend: ‘After our disconnection from each other – it had come about, that she must have loved somebody else, I understand that. Because in her young age it’s very natural for her to be -for a week- very desparate, but then to feel a need for somebody who would cheer her up… The Good God had created young human beings to be ready for intense love and affection. He had ordered a man and woman to get together and have the pleasures of flesh, which is mainly food and sex. All that- in order to enable human kind’s perpetual growth… Well, maybe I repeat my arguments. However, it was quite reasonable for Raphaella to lie with some other guy. It had not been me – because of the circumstances; so, I can’t -and I don’t- blame her for that. But now I think, that as my feet are re-stabilized, why shouldn’t I enjoy again her pretiness and love? I feel also much love to her, and I am so sex attracted by her smooth brown skin and good smell; and I’m so fascinated by her wise talk and enjoyable voice – that I can’t understand how I had passed the two recent months without her body trembling with mine… I’ll also tell her, that for her – I’ll slow the tempo of re-building the store, so that at night I’ll be with her. I will convince her to understand, that all the problems are over- and we’ll get married one day, even quite soon …’

Humiky was standing opposite to Effy at the Cellar’s entrance, and heard from him a just and bad message:
“In fact, you have robbed my cousine, Naitty.” Effy said.
“What are you talking about?” asked Humik.
“You won’t enter here any more,” said Effy, and grabbed Humik’s shirt, at his chest.
“You – turn aside!” shouted Humik, “or your life is in danger”.
He wanted to pull out from his pocket the ‘lead-made-fist’, that in his childhood was owned by Elkano. Kaplansky had given it to Humik as a memory gift; it had been one of the few remaining personal belongings of his son, Elkano. But now Humik felt that he had forgotten it in his room, in the other trousers he had. He was bewildered since the morning, feeling bad about Raphaella.
“If you want quarrelling,” said Effy, pulling back his hand from Humik, “you should know- I have a licensed Pistol. I am not afraid of your threatening.”
“O’key,” Humik was quite whispering, “We’ll see.”
Now he discerned a small open knife in Effy’s fist. It was flashing in the lamp’s red light of the running electric letters on the ‘PeepCellar’ ads’ plateboard.
Humik retreated, and Effy indicated him to halt.
“Wait a moment,” he said, “you know that Raphaella is Jewish.”
“Yes, of course,” said Humik “I’m Jewish too. I’m even an Israeli.”
“Oh, that’s good,” said Effy, “if so- you will be able to help me while I’ll come to Israel. Maybe with my cousine, Naitty.”
“Wait, I’m not yet going to return there,” said Humik.
“Well, I don’t hurry there either; but one day, you know… Naitty delays me. He refuses to emigrate, having a business here. But now- as Raphaella returns to him, I’ll try to convince them both. I tell you,” he said with a smile, “that I was jealous of you, having such a girl as Raphaella. For one hour with her in the Peepshow room, I would have paid a hundred or more. What d’you say about that ? Is it worth?”
“You’ll dream about it,” shouted Humik, “You, disgusting pig!”
“O’key. Naitty himself would let me have an hour with her… So, if you return to Israel – remember me. I’ll meet you there one day. I just want you to know that I am not your enemy.”
Humik understood he should leave the place. He rushed to the bus station, then took the subway- to Raphaella’s flat. She was not at home, and he knew that Effy hadn’t lied to him. All is over with Raphaella. She is now in Naitty’s store. Her heart is full of enthusiastic impression from what she sees there, listening to her old boyfriend’s talk about his plan and vision regarding his business and regarding her, his beloved maiden (‘meidl’ – so he was used to call her in Yiddish, his mother’s tongue) who will forever blossom in his heart… 
All that tackle of Humik with Effy – was Naitty’s tricky plot. One evening he also investigated Effy – if Raphaella had been always with the same guy on the carpet of the Cellar. Effy approved, that he had not seen any other guy with her. “So I’ve thought,” said Nathan. “She’s that kind of a good girl, who stick to a certain guy only. Like me – she is also very afraid from veneral diseases, you know?…And regarding you, Effy, I recommend you to wear the preservative always, because you can’t imagine what is a gonorrhea or syphilis. I had seen such sick guys in the Army. Don’t be frightened, but as your cousine I beg you, for the sake of our family’s purity- please get a medical blood check. And immediately stop fucking whores with your own penis’ skin touching them. I know it’s difficult, but don’t shame yourself and our God.”
Naitty was an experienced and mature man. Raphaella’s internal radio brodcasted the following facts to her mind and heart, since the day that Naitty had brought her back to him: She would not be able to live respectfully neither from her work in the Cellar nor from her Course, which is only theoretic.
‘Naitty will do what is necessary, and will base his new business very smartly.’ she said to herself. ‘He promised, even sworn, that he would be ready to marry me – as soon as his debts are over, (now only twenty thousands, he said, not a big deal). He is mad about my amazing body and my ‘super witty’ mind, and the way I talk about daily events and express my ideas. He says I have a potential to be also “a phenomenom for the business.’… 
The conspiracy had taken place behind Humik’s back. At the first moment of recognizing that, he blamed himself. He, the super-suspicious guy, had been trapped. He wanted just to finish the course with Raphaella and then separate, and where will he now find such an attractive woman? But that’s not the real problem. ‘I’m having an unsolved riddle with the hiding God. He makes me suffer, even not physically. Yes, He ‘has made me a microbic existance, I can’t agree with that... But I should not pity my soul. I have to be patient as an iron closed gate, waiting for one who will open it. Or like an ancient precoius stone – waiting for some pretty woman to wear it. Nice images I do have. Or are they just hollowed metaphors?
His lips began buzzing an Isreali poem that became quite musical song, well known at these days.Maybe somebody had translated it, and brought it to America. Or vice versa: perhaps some Israeli had copied it from America:
I ‘m just a modest simple man,
I’m a turtle, travelling on a van.
I have killed nobody with an ax,
I just want to live an’ pay my tax.
I was strolling all along the land,
nobody stretched me his hand,
Please, show my way on the map,
otherwise I’ll fall in a deep trap.
Because my head, oh my head,
from nervous tension turns red,
my blood is boiling in my vein,
my brain is dizzy; all looks like in vain. 

‘But I have not lived in vain till now’ – said Humik to himself. ‘I miss my homeland, that’s the problem with me. I am not from here. I am pitiful about myself, because I pity the suffering in my country, which is not America. Kaplansky and my mother have known Europe in their childhood. They hate to recall the past, they had just run out of it. I was born in a country that was on fire, and its people had succeeded to survive; its society rendered me a feeling of homeliness. I must release my soul from that feeling of deserting the people whom I had loved. I can’t bear the idea that I had let them struggle without me. My power is only of a single human being, I know. But I feel deep in my heart that I am important there, and that my soul will not rest till I arrive back there and tailor my dress that had been cut by Solomon and his wife. . .
 I recall their bereavement, I understand it. I have much participated in their sorrow. But I am different from them, in that strange impetus pushing me backward and commanding me not to escape from my past. Maybe I’m a masochist, in the broad meaning of that definition.

Humik then recollected many of the most enjoyble and most horrible chapters of his past:  



PART  TWO



CHAPTER 9 


Nahumik mounted the horse without the help of his older friend, the youth Elkano, who praised him for that.. He also permitted the boy to ride a few steps by himself, while he, Elkano, was walking beside the horse and still holding the reins in his hands, leading it straight forward.  The boy said he was not afraid at all and asked to let him drive slowly by himself. But the guy suddenly said, that they should report about their voyages to Nahumik’s mother. She must know about these riding lessons and approve it. Elkano reckoned that also he himself should see her, having an errand from his father, photographer Kaplansky. The man recollected that Ramona, Nahumik’s Mom, had requested him to produce for her an extended picture of her family, who had been killed by the Nazis  in Europe… 
“If your mother is still interested in that,” said the guy Elkano, “She’ll hand you the original photos, and my father can also elaborate them a little bit. He has his skill for that: It’s called ‘an artistic extension’ of a picture.”
In that evening Ramona was standing at the window of the boy’s room. She was wrapped in her flowers’ gown and was looking at her courtyard gate- as her son and his grown up friend enterd it. She wondered. Hardly she could identify who was the guy, and did not understand what was his connection to her son Nahumik, who has just knocked at the door.
“Hello, Mom,” said the boy, when she opened.
Ramona gazed at Elkano quite a long time, surveying his figure from face to feet. She only turned to her son, when he said:
“This is Elkano, the son of Photographer Kaplansky.”
“Have you found more photos, that I’ve forgotten to take?” Ramona asked Elkano.
“No,” answered Nahumik instead of the guy, ”We have both arrived to tell you, that he teaches me riding his horse.”
“I’ve also arrived to ask something.” interfered Elkano, ”My Pa told me, that once you had wanted to extend your late parents’ photos; but he hasn’t yet received those.”
“Oh, thank you for asking. First, however, I have to organize the stuff in my old album. I haven’t yet found the time for that. You need  nerves for looking back to the sad past.”
“I can understand that.” said Elkano. After a short intermission he added: ”So, We’ll find another time for that.”
“Thank you for trying to teach Nahumik. But maybe it’s too early? He’s ten years only”.
“I learned to ride in this age, too,” Elkano smiled; that brought a smile to Ramona’s face too. He remembered that she was just as beautiful as he saw her in the photo that his father had sent before to her with Nahumik. Since that day, Elkano has decided he would like to see her in real life and talk to her. And here she is, Interesting and fascinating. He doesn’t know why. He is almost eighteen. Well, he doesn’t like the idea that… young girls in his age know only to laugh. ‘I would testify about myself’, thought Elkano, ‘that I’m quite a serious fellow, maybe too serious for those joyful girls. Or I haven’t yet got acquainted with too many.’
“Let’s sit in the kitchen,” he heard Ramona telling him. She pointed on the low table, made of simple rough wood. It was covered with a small flowered coversheet and surrounded by three chairs.
“you’ll be able to talk about books,” said the boy, while they were sitting to chat. ”Ma, I’ve told Elkano that you read a lot, borrowing books in the public library.”
“I was doing that myself,” told her Elkano,”till a year ago.”
“I also go to see movies in our theater here,” remarked Ramona, “with woman friends. One is a widow like me.”
Elkano asked a cup of water and she brought him.
“a few months ago,” he said. ”I watched a lot of movies. I was mobilized to a group of guys, having volunteered to work in a Kibbutz for a while. But… I was soon fed up. We saw many cowboy movies, once a week at least. At first I thought that to be in a kibbutz would be O’key for me, but soon I realized that I like my privacy. When I’m within a group- something is convulsing inside my stomach. So I returned to be my papa’s assistant.”
“It seems like photographing is interesting you,” she said.
“Yes, sometimes I dare to imagine that one day I’ll produce and create a film by myself. I have yet to learn a lot about that… But it’s so far. You’ve to do it in America- and I am living here, in a small and far country. Once I’ve sent a postcard to actor Clark Geible. He had sent me his autograph, which enjoyed me very much!”
Nahumik felt that Elkano’s breath has become short. Elkano was looking at Nahumik’s mother, and it seemed like he was a little embarassed.
“Have you really practiced riding today?” Ramona asked her son, warmly touching his hair.
“We did not gallop,” said Elkano, ”but we were feeling very well up there, on the horseback. Was it so?” Elkano turned his face to Nahumik, who nodded.
Ramona was looking at her son and then at the visitor. She suddenly felt a strange sweetness in her mouth and heart. If she re-reckons this feeling, maybe she should forget meeting the guy. Why has he won her heart? She won’t permit this to happen. He is acting in quite a ‘hutzpa’, he’s an audacious guy! But without that quality- not much will occur in humankind. And Elkano is playing with her sentiments quite sensitively, even cunningly.
“You can’t bring the dead to resurrection,” he said, reminding her about the Photos for which he had come, “but to remember them is our duty. Isn’t it so?”
When Elkano went home, Nahumik was lying on the sofa, and Ramona reckoned to herself that she had behaved properly with Elkano. She will become friendly with anybody she would like. No man or woman has the right to criticize her steps and motives… She was feeling the blood pressure in her veins. Why has she suddenly become irritated? Is it embarassment, or hidden fear? Now, in her bed at night, thoughts are sawing her soul. In order to relax for a while, she will stretch her hand and bring from the small chest of drawers – a new Russian novel that she has bought. The cold landscapes described there, are cooling the fire in her soul… 
Next morning Ramona woke up later than usual. Her son went to school without waking her. She recalled about Elkano’s visit. It may be interesting what the guy was feeling about her.
‘Maybe he, like me now- is thinking about the moments that we have passed together. Is he trying to understand my sadness and wandering soul, that was looking from my eyes? His young body is attracted by a female like me. And I know, that there is no man who is over thirty – in this small town, that will be fit for me. I know them all: they’re simple people, that I can’t have any smart and intelligent talk with. And very few non-married are there at all: Efry the gardener, or the lame Tishby…In comparison with other men that I know – Elkano is one, though so young- who I could have loved… No, I hesitate to say that… 
Elkano thought about her very kindly indeed. If the bad events of her past had not happened, of course she wouldn’t even look at me. But now…Her big disaster has not decreased her beauty and womanish manners. She is keeping her figure, though the skin of her cheeks has lost some softness… She’s about thirty. But what did you want? That she would become seventeen years old again? You don’t have now any girl who will be your sweetheart, and you miss a mother! Your Mom had died in your younghood, of an acute sickness. It has given you strength to appreciate life…and love every passing away moment. This is what you are, Elkano Kaplansky. ‘I haven’t yet seen Ramona in my dream,’ he added to himself. ‘But since the first moment I saw her in the photo, that my pa had shown me, I remembered her. She was coming with her husband to our shop some years ago. My father took a photo of both together, and the background to it was the big picture of a blooming almond tree, set up in our store. I was still a teenager then. Now I’m not so shy. I have to dare Hopefully I may get an interesting experience with this fascinating woman.



CHAPTER 10


On Tuesday Ramona sent Nahumik to the photographer, with two small family pictures that she wanted to extend and elaborate. Now Elkano had an argument to visit her at home: ‘She’s alone now. Her son has just said that he was going to his Rabbi’s synagogue, studying ‘Gemorah-Talmud’- with him.’
Elkano combed his nice hair, and rushed to Ramona. Having arrived, he gazed at the kitchen’s wall; it was wet and grey.
“How long haven’t you whitewashed these walls?” asked Elkano.
“Oh, more than four years”, answered Ramona. “But it doesn’t matter for me. Since the day I heard about my husband’s death, I haven’t renewed here anything. On the first days I even hadn’t cleaned the floor, so shocked I was.”
“Life must continue. That’s nature’s Law,” said Elkano, “my late mother had told me that – before she’d died.”
“It was as if I wanted that nothing would move here,” mentioned Ramona, “It was awful for me. I have no relatives here, in the country, except my son. My husband had also lost all his family in Shoah. We came here two years before the world war. We had been lucky to escape from Europe before all the trouble happened. He decided to mobilized here, in Israel- to the British Army, thinking he would go to Europe to rescue our families. Afterward I’ve heard that no one remained alive.”
“So you have remained alone– to raise Nahumik,” said Elkano, ”and with these hens’ coops… Did you agree with full heart, that your husband would leave you, and become a soldier? Mainly- bachelors used to volunteer and be mobilized.”
“What a question is this? Many married men did like my husband, Judah! It was self understandable in those days. We had known that the Jews in Europe were in great danger. The whole thing suddenly seems to be far, but all happened only three-four years ago. His military command-car was mined in Italy. He was killed with two others. I don’t know how I had the strength to continue. I was weeping for hours, fulfilling my duty in this small farm like automatically. I had to feed the chicken. It was good for my soul – to be working hard. If you don’t take care of the small animals they’ll die; and you know you like them to be living. But in the first days it was difficult, as everything in this courtyard had reminded my husband to me.”
“My father had known your husband. ‘t was in the good old days,” said Elkano, “He told me that. Once he invited him to take a photo of him while cultivating the orchard, in which he was working.”
“I have never told Nahumik, that his father had another job. I mean: except our hens’ coops,” said Ramona.
“One work,”Elkano said, “could not afford for feeding a family.”
“It was a part time work of my husband. Most of his time and effort he devoted to taking care of the chickens, and of the small fruits trees in our garden. Every tree and flower- reminded me his good, caring, strong hands. Yes, I hoped he would return…”
“Let’s stop talking about the past,” said Elkano, almost whispering, “I invite you to watch a film with me, in the local cinema house. Yes – still this evening.”
“O‘key. I’ll place a note to the boy, that I have gone there with a woman friend.”
“we’ll go out and watch the first show, that is early- at seven p.m.,” said Elkano.
“We’ll intentionally miss the Moviton Fox News Journal,”said Ramona, ”Because if we show ourselves in the cinema light- everybody will soon gossip.”
“Quite reasonable,” said Elkano, smiling.
“I’ll just cut a few vegetables and prepare dinner for Nahumik.”
In the theater’s darkness – Elkano didn’t touch her, but their eyes met many times. It was when Olivia De Havilland was kissing with some man on the screen. They were inside a carriage, chased by Indian horse riders, shooting arrows and screaming. The Indians had colored feathures on their heads, and tatoos were drawn on their bodies. The Sheriff of a small town was riding a horseback with one of them, his hands tied with ropes. Suddenly this Indian captor galloped his horse aside, stabbed the Sheriif in his back, and threw out his corpse, down a hill. The sight of blood was frightening some young women within the watchers, and they were grabbing their husband’s or boyfriend’s hands in awe. Then came white horseriders of Tyron Power to the help of the imprisoned girl. A fight was taking place between them and the Indians.
“It would end with a victory of the guns and canons of the joyfull white men – over the primitive Indians.” said Ramona.
In the movie’s intermission – the couple went out to the small smoking square. An acquaintance of Ramona looked at her in suspect, discerning she’s alone; Elkano was not standing far away and she was gazing toward him. He was smoking, looking around, and not approaching any one he had known. When the bell rang for the screening renewal- both were rushing to their seats; it was again in the darkness.
On their way home, Elkano asked how the boy had reacted to his father’s death. “He was a little child,” said Ramona. “But he was conscious that he would have a special responsibility to help me in whatever he could. And he knew how difficult was my mental condition.” She added that the boy caught her weeping, three times. “Once I vomitted near the hens-coops,” she told Elkano, “and Nahumik came thereby. He asked me- why I had I cried. By that he caused me to restrain myself”.
“What did he say to you?” asked Elkano.
“That he should be be considerate with my weeping… ‘Please try to… do it less’ he said, and I smoothed his hair, and kissed him by his cheeks…And he found an argument to stop me crying: ‘The hens are also listening to you’, he said. ‘they will stop to lay eggs, discerning that their lady-owner is sad.”
Elakno’s eyes also became quite wet, and Ramona discerned that. “Your face has changed to be sad, because of me.”- she rebuked, looking at his eyes in the pale light of the street lamps.
“You are not a child,” she said, “Aren’t you? Forget my stories.”
They were going back to her home, trying to pass in darkness and under trees’ pale shadows. Children or youths were strolling around in that warm evening. She said: “Hopefully – nobody will gossip”, and their stealing succeeded. They felt no one had seen them. They were sitting again in Ramona’s kitchen, after she had peeped to the boy’s room, discerning he was asleep. Nahumik was dressed with his sportive shorts and upper Tricko T-shirt... But he was not really asleep; he looked with half open eyes at his Mom, and only after being sure he’s seen her – he soon fell fully asleep.
While Ramona was with her son, Elkano remained in the kitchen and ‘checked his behavior to his grown up lady-friend’, as he was calling Ramona, while speaking to himself. ‘She had been even more charming while she was talking about her suffer. Another woman would have been ‘folding down’ in her situation, but she had been strong. So I feel. Now she is already baking two green apples in her oven, and while we’ll eat it with suger cubes, she’ll be talking about the movies she had used to watch.’
“With my late husband,” Ramona said, “I was hardly attending theater. But since he went to the Jewish Brigade of the British Army- I‘ve wanted to disconnect from the daily difficulties for some hours. I have become almost addicted to the movies… Long live America of the Gangsters and Cowboys. Bravo, France of the secret love affairs… What level of forgetfulness you would reach by watching a kissing couple? Your affection is swept with the Post Carriage being kidnapped – and you become happy while the girl there is almost being rescued by her strong father, but no! He leaves the abductors’ chasing, as he is now searching her sweetheart, who has disappeared. At the end it becomes clear, that the girl wasn’t held by the Indians whop were paid by a professional abductor, demanding ransom! So complicated… ”
As she was talking, she saw on Elkano’s face he had become tired. “Oh, you are yawning,” she said. Maybe her talk was boring him, while she had been quite complaining about her past.
“If it’s comfortable for you,” she said, “you can visit me tomorrow, at nine or ten in the morning. You’ll watch me feeding the chicken and collecting the eggs. Please take care not to be seen, you understand? You are welcome!”
“I would like to kiss your hand, like gentlemen in Europe. I watched that in many films,” he said. “Adieu,” he added. His heart was pounding like galloping horses hooves… 
Next morning Elkano told Ramona about his hesitations, regarding the illegal underground youths that he had met. She said she won’t consult him, as she honored her husband’s joining the army – to save the Jews in Europe. There were very few married men among them, but she didn’t try to hold Judah at home. Yes – from time to time she was angry he had made her become a widow too early.
Elkano and Ramona were standing at the hens’coops, and he was helping her to fill the drinking troughs. Soon the hens were coming close, putting their beaks into the water. Then they raised their heads, while lifting their nice cocks’ combs, to slip the liquid smoothly into their stomach. And again they were drinking a few drops- and walking further on, strolling around on the ground.
“They are attracted to the water – like me, a young man , to a girl-woman like you,” remarked Elkano, waving to a hen.
As he was smiling, his white teeth flickered in the sun that was beaming on the sky. Ramona put down the hen by her hand, and soon entered her house with Elkano. They were seated on the sofa in the living room, gave hands and advanced their faces to each other. Then they caressed one the face of the other and began kissing. His face have beamed and she noticed it. She told him – she did not believe it had been his first kiss. So why he is reddening?…And if he would chose to become a photographer in Holywood – he will have to kiss many women. They’ll behave like her. He is a man of well shaped body and handsome face. He could be also an actor, if he wanted. A protagonist like Tyron Power or Erol Flynn or Johnny Weissmuller. Yes, in her opinion he’s young and not less handsome than these films’ stars.
“You laugh at me,” he said. “You know I’ll be fit for going abroad and try to be a star – only after the war, that will be here.”
“What?” asked Ramona, ”Why would you think about a war?”
“You read the newspapers like me,” he said.
“Yes,I also listen to the radio. But I don’t think about fighting”
“We have many signs,” he said, “that a war will come within a few months. I have a dreadful feeling. Maybe it’s my own personal problem, that I feel so bad. Horror is hanging over my head. Maybe my father has to be blamed for that. He is pessimistic.”
“I don’t believe it has come to you from him, this gloomy feeling.” Ramona said, “Maybe it’s since your mother’s death.”
“I don’t know,” said Elkano, “It has been within me many years. But I am strong, just facing a realistic view.”
They kissed with enormous desire. He pulled out her shirt and bra. Her fingers were removing the belt of her skirt and underwear, and he felt she couldn’t hold herself any more. Her eyes were shut and her legs were open to him in a joyful move. His strong hands were caressing her hair, and his palms smoothly touched her breasts and then dropped to her pudenda and she moaned in a pain of bliss. “You enter me smoothly”, she said with a short laugh, “like a sharp nail to a soft piece of wood. Then we’ll be moving around in a wonderland and travelling in an unknown and unsurpassed time”.
She felt his tongue licking her spinal column, and she wondered how he had known that it was causing her such an orgastic joy…
He is so young, she thought. Maybe he had women lovers in his past. Could it be that they were experienced in sex? If not- maybe he had read about it in books, or saw it in phornographic pictures, that a photographer may hold in his drawers.
Afterwards Elkano was lying beside Ramona on her sofa, caressing her hair. ‘She does not have a long braid, like most of the young women around. She attracts me by her whole existence and well structured figure and her wise smile, by her fine hair and smooth skin. And maybe I’m morbidly attracted by her optimistic sadness, I would call it… Her body is so nice in its innocent nakedness, and it should not be wasted without rendering a man like me full enjoyment. My presence makes her have some minutes of ‘pure hapiness of trying to escape from the grey existance’ so she says.”
She heard him saying something like: ‘your femininity is so beaming out from your talking and chatting and laughing and joking about yourself’.
Then he asked about her the source of name. Where does it come from?- They were rising from the sofa, after love making.
“The word ‘Rimon’ is mentioned in the Holy Bible,” she said,
“it’s a pomegranate. It is stated in Song Of Solomon: ‘Your temple is nice as a pomegranate’- so says the young man to his lover mistress. My papa, who was a Rabbi, gave this name to me, interpreting it as the Old wise Talmudists had taught: Pomegranate is a metaphor for Torah and wisdom, and not for something erotic like a breast or a woman’s head. The Songs of King Solomon’s book is full of Love metaphors and has erotic descriptions and images in its poetry, but the old Jewish interperters have explained the physical desire described in it, as the tight connection – like sexual intercourse- between God and his beloved one, the ‘Israeli maiden’.”
“The pomegranade for me is a woman’s breast, even not a head’s temple,” laughed Elkano, “but I accept also the Rabinical interpretation… Now I understand: You’ve sent Nahumik to study with that Rabbi, so that the traditional culture won’t be forgotten in your family”…
Ramona noded, and said: ”You have a literary style – while talking to me, Elkano. I like it.”
“By the way: This Rabbi would persuade Nahumik to believe in Providence, in God’d taking care of everybody. D’you believe?”
“Not so much,” answered Ramona, “But sometime I believe that He did not intend to kill my husband… It means, that in my case – I am embarassed by God’s behavior. Maybe God wanted to keep him alive- but failed. And then He, The Almighty, was weeping shortly, so I believe. But soon he passed to weep about the other millions of the war’s victims. So, He has left only me to continue weeping about my dead husband.” Tears filled her eyes, but she strengthened immediately. She went to her bedroom and returned with a good smelling perfume. She appologized of not doing that before, and stretched her hand to Elkano, to part. He looked at her finger nails, that were not made, nor colored, and he knew that her hard working with the hens would not permit her a lot of time for caring about her body. But it doesn’t matter… Then he asked if she had known the perfume’s name. It should be of a well known Firm.
Ramona said: “It’s Poesie, like Poetry in English. My husband had bought it in the NAFI, the British Army subsidized stores for the soldiers’ families. It’s bottle was hiding somewhere; and only this week, after you’ve come, I discerned it again. I have decided to use it daily. It would partly reject the smell of hens’ excreta from my body.”
“You don’t like the hens so much,” he said, “but you depend on them for your earning.”
“I was used to work with them, but sometimes I say: enough; and suddenly I hate to feel the dirt, while holding or touching them… Let’s forget that, Elkano. I cannot change my life style now. I am not a lady from the movies, young man. D’you understand that?”
“I well understand,” he said. “As I understand, that you can’t believe me we’ll be soon facing a war here.”
“You see a black picture – without a justification. It’s so negative to think like this, and become Mister Walking Apocalipse!” She thought he did not quite understand what it had meant. He just looked at her for a moment, but then commented:
“The one who does not understand what I’ve told you – is hiding the truth, Ramona. My Pa thinks that the worst will come. He tries to tell me, that he had lost all his family in the world war. So he wouldn’t like to lose me also… Once he wept, while looking at me. ‘It will be like hell here’ – he said.”
“Please, stop talking about that,” said Ramona, “I’m afraid the words have a power to make events happen.”
She saw that a tear was hanging on his left eye. He is sad, she said to herself. Two young human beings that were wondering about the pleasure that has just wrapped them together, and now everyone is wrapped again by his solitude. But maybe it’s only because he is pitying my condition – of a young woman with a child.
“This situation will pass,” she said suddenly, to herself and to him as well, “I mean: my sadness, and yours, and the inability to move life further on, and change it.”
“I thank you for all your love, Ramona,” he said, “And I thank you for talking with me so wisely and sincerely. We reveal the truth together.”
“Thousand words or their substitutes,” he said, “won’t tell how I have felt today with you.”
“You talk about substitute words,” she mentioned, ”and yesterday my son asked me what did the word ‘substitute’ exactly mean. His Rabbi had told him that ‘everything in the world has its substitute- except a Wise Rabbi that had died’. So, he warned his pupils not to mourn too much and not to be too sad – about the current or coming political and national events. The Rabbi’s elder boys, so told her son, read the news that were published in the Jewish newspapers – about the so called ‘underground Israeli youths’, that were sentenced to death by the British. A cycle of bloody killings is impending.



CHAPTER 11


One evening Elkano came to Ramona, telling that the ‘Hagana’ organization, to which he had been committed, was in a need of weapons. Elkao promised to obtain some, but who knows how.
“To rob a bank is an easy act,” he said, “but to bring arms we can only by robbing the British, and they would kill us for that.”.
“I know something,” said Ramona. She ordered Nahumik to bring the long ladder from the courtyard. Elkano wondered what she had intended to offer him by the ladder, and Nahumik himself didn’t know. She brought a glass of tea to the kitchen’s table, at which he was seated, and wanted to mix milk in it. But Elkano said he had hated milk since his babyuhood. His mother had told him that.
“You are like Nahumik in that,” Ramona said. “But you certainly love butter made of milk.” He nodded and she brought a piece of bread and smeared butter on it. While he was eating and looking at her moving around, the boy was heard dragging the big ladder. He brought it inside the house, and Ramona told him to set it up below the upper small store, above the kitchen’s door.
“You can climb there,” she pointed out to Elkano, “and try to bring down an old suitcase. It had been lying there- since my late husband brought it with other things from our native homes. Ten years have passed since we arrived here, in Palestine. We were used to call it: Eretz Israel.” …Elkano promptly climbed the ladder, and his hand opened the small wicket. He was searching inside the small over-store.
“Quite a darkness there,” he said, his head down , “But now I see two orange boxes. In one of them- an old dusty long folded coat; the other is empty”.
“There should be something else,” Ramona said.
“Ah, an old suitcase.”
“Can you reach it with your fingers?”
“Not yet. I’ll lift myself into the narrow place.”
Elkano’s elbows were sent forward. Sustaing his weight while he had pushed his upper body inside, his palms already reached the suitcaes, grabbed it and dragged it toward his chest. Then he slipped with it outside and down. He shouted to the boy, who was waiting under the ladder, to move aside. Being already on the floor, Elkano opened the old suitcase, peeped inside and said that there had been some rugs, and two round tin cans. He re-closed the suitcase and threw it on the floor.
“Oops,” cried Ramona, “be cautious, man.”
“We should clean there above very thoroughly”, said Elkano,” I have seen a mouse rambling on my hand.”
Ramona has already reopened the suitcase. Elkano was still standing near the ladder and cleaning his dress from the dust.
He was smiling to the Ramona and son, while they were looking at a small box inside the suitcase – and pulling out a small toy train. Nahumik remembered it from his childhood. His Pa stored it for him or for a brother, that would be born one day. But… what are these tin cans here? ‘Plum Jam’- is written on their yellow, worn out labels.
“Why are you holding these antiquities here?” asked Elkano, suspecting that there was some mystery in these cans.
“They are hermetically closed,” she said, “But my dear husband arranged them so, that they will be filled with greeze, not jam.”
Ramona ran aside to the front door and was locking it from inside. She rushed to the kitchen and brought a tin-opener. While Elkano’s has already opened the can, Nahumik found another toy of his childhood- a long Python: It was folded there, itss grey green colors’ body and yellow eyes – frightened him in his childhood.
At this point of time Elkano peeped inside the tin can: in the fatness of the brown greeze he saw a barrel of a firearm, but he still wasn’t sure of that. Then he saw some screws and a small pistol’s nagazine, and surveyed them in pleasure and interest.
“I guess that the handle and other accessories are in the second can”, he said loudly and opened the other one.
“To who should I give all that – if not to you?” Ramona said.
He began to assemble the weapon. Still sticky and wet, but -
“A true Parabelum,” he said, and pulled the trigger with a click.
“A spring is broken there, but I don’t mind. It’ll not fire in Automat mode. You saw that I’ve tried a single bullet mode. O.K.”
At that night Ramona suddenly felt that a war was approaching. Her sleep hadn’t come, and she was lying on her bed, meditating and bewildered… She knows that she is a stong personality, but sometimes she has a feeling of self-accusation about her relationship with the guy. She has been trapped in the net of love. Maybe she’ll be disappointed. But she can view all those events from above, cooly. She knows that everything will pass, and life will continue as ever- for so many human beings. She knows all that from her literature studies in the University of Prague.



CHAPTER 12


It was a very early hour in a cold morning. Ramona has waked up her son, Nahumik, telling him: “We have got An independent State! I’ve heard that in the radio: the United Nations voted for two new states would be established here.”
Nahumik hardly knew that the Jewish Israelis had not had a state before, and didn’t quite understand how his Mom heard at night that some nations gathered to vote about such a vague issue. He knew that he had been living in a country ruled by a British Mandate, and there were many British soldiers and cops strolling by foot and patrolling with command cars and jeeps all over the country. There were also some Arab cops and Jewish militia men called “Gaffirs’( the word maybe taken from an Indian word)- and now his Mom has said that all that is finished.
“We will have our own army and other forces,” added Ramona, “and the British will leave us. We should not rejoice much about this news, because maybe we will have a war with the Arabs, who don’t agree to divide the country. They want it all”.
In the afternoon Nahumik went as usual to his Rabbi, to learn about “An old woman, who had three daughters. An enemy had come to the country. He imprisoned her and one of her daughters. A second daughter escaped, and the third got killed, but her baby remained alive. Who will inherit the property of the deceased daughter? The baby?”(Talmud book, Boba Metsiaah, page 39)…
The Rabbi stopped reading and explaining, and raised his voice:
“I must tell you something”, he said, “last night the the Atheist Jews have received a confirmation from some nations – to declare and establish a Jewish Regime here… Our old wise Rabbis had already said: Messiah, Son of David, won’t come – till all the country’s rulers will be fully changed to be Non-believers. So- there is a chance for the Zionists to make a kingdom here. Oy Vey, God Almighty! When will you send us the true Messiah, King David’s seed?”
Why is the Rabbi so excited, like my Mom?- Nahumik asked himself. Maybe they fear that soon will be many clashes here. The Rabbi’s newspaper is telling already that here and there – Arabs are attacking Israeli-Jewish vehicles, and the British are doing nothing to avoid it.
“O’key, pupils,” said Rabbi Aaron, “we should return to our study. The newspaper is a waste of time and paper together.”



CHAPTER 13


Photographer Kaplansky, who was dwelling with his only son – Elkano, in the second floor of the Brown House, near Mike- Nahumik’s friend, pulled the wallet out of his pocket. He issued some blue and green ‘Mandatorial’ paper money, of fifty and hundred Palestinian\Erets-Israeli Pounds Sterling. It was while Elkano was preparing dinner for them both – cocumbers and tomatos and onion salad mixed with olives oil with pepper spice.
When the guy put the plate on the table, he discerned the money and pretended not to understand his father’s intention.
“Take that,” said Solomon Kaplansky to his only son, pointing on the colored pieces and and pushing the money toward Elkano’s hands, “and sail out of this country. I’ve heard from a very famous leader in the Israeli Labor Party: A devastating war is impending. It’s unavoidable.” He raised his baritone voice: “They will take you to the Jewish army.”
Elkano pushed away the money. He was angry, but didn’t show it.
“You’re a fool. A young man has to know how and why to listen to older people, be active to safeguard himself, and rescue his skin to remain alive. You don’t know – nor imagine – what a war is. Maybe your’e not afraid of it. But take your chance, my son. Go to Haifa Port – and leave the country, You should do that.”
“Enough, papa!”, said Elkano,” I know that you are not satisfied with my behavior- because I’ve told you that I am in love with a grown up widow. And she’s older than myself. You want me to get rid of her in that manner. Is it so?”
“Absolutely not,” said Kaplansky. “It is not my business, even if you marry her; of course not here, in our town. But I’m very anxious about your remaining in this cursed land, understand? My beloved nice baby”, he groaned and weeped for tfive seconds, then embraced his son and kissed him. Kaplansky’s eyes were still wet.
“You don’t know, but recently I hardly can sleep. Because I am so anxious about you. I have also some pain in my chest. As something is stuck in my throat and lungs”.
“No, papa,” Elkano said in a vehement, but weak voice. He gathered the paper money and put it back into his father’s pocket.
“Even if you stand on your head – I would not leave this country,” he said audaciously, “I’ll survive, even if the war will break. But we don’t see it yet. Why worry?”



CHAPTER 14


Elkano was mobilized a few days afterward. His brigade was called ‘Alexandrony’; who knows why? Maybe the soldiers will have to capture many lands, like Alexander Macedonian.
One day Elkano came to Ramona’s house, dressed in Khaki uniform and a woolen wintry ‘Stocking Hat’ on his head.
“We have all kinds of uniforms there”- he told Ramona, ”Our men have purchased that secretly from armies of many nations”.
He was sitting in the kitchen with the mother and her son, drinking coffee and eating apples’ pie. The boy had many questions to ask: What exactly the soldiers were doing in the border? Is there no fence in the frontline? – the Palestinian Arabs are still allowed to travel to Tel Aviv. Why are you only patrolling and keeping the area from armed intruders? And- “what will happen with your horse – when you will be moving far from here? You’ve not … ”
“You are right,” answered Elkano, “I will soon leave the eastern front, and maybe go far, to the Jerusalem-Way front. But the horse will remain in my Pa’s stable. He’ll take care of it !”
“But can’t you take it with you? We see things like that in the movies,” said the boy.
“No. first of all- my Pa would use it from time to time.” said Elkano. Then he asked about the chicken and the eggs and the new movies, that Ramona has seen last month.
“Before you leave,” said the boy, ”I have a request regarding the horse. Can you tell your pa to permit me to ride once a week?”
“Of course,” said Elkano, “why not?”
“I’ll ride only around the big Brown House,“ said Nahumik. “Your papa should not think that I’ll gallop it crazily.”
“Come with me straight forward to him,” said Elkano. “You should promise him to come always after your school hours, at noon – when my pa closes his photo shop. So, he can watch you.”
After Elkano had left with the boy, Ramona became frustrated. My spirit is under the floor- she mumbled bitterly to herself, thinking why a nervous tremble is passing through her limbs. ‘It’s not our last meeting,’ she said loudly, as to strengthen her confidence, that she’ll soon see Elkano again.
The guy has asked such a few questions about her – and even about Nahumik. As if he was not interested any more in their regular life. Yes, he asked if the Nahumik and his classmates had written a composition about the war; but he didn’t ask what the Rabbi had said about the current events… Elkano told her recently, that he hated the idea of Holy-books’ studies. He believed in what the eyes saw and what you could touch, in the material aspect of the universe. ‘Within a few years,’ he said, ‘science will know evetything, without God’s interference in the cosmos, and in mankind’s life. And we should take what pure nature has rendered to us. Enjoy the beauty and the plenty of nice, tasty things; and aspire to fulfill what our senses lead us to.’ Elkano did not think about himself as a ‘peculiar pleasures’ chaser’. In one thing he was sure, even if there was a God- he would not create his creatures only for the purpose to be worshipped and prayed day and night, with all those religious ceremonies, that never end.
“I have quite a quite different belief,” she had told Elkano in one of their first rare meetings. “I seem just to believe in a Sublime Force, which is not simply mere nature… Though maybe I would have liked to feel as a free bee, flying-rolling around from flower to flower, like you will be one day… Or – If I could be like Brett, the Antagonist in Hemigway’s book, that I’ve recently read. It’s called: ‘Fiesta – the sun also rises.’ Beautiful Brett is courted by three men at least. They’re having artistic souls; and her sex appeal plays with their attraction to her beauty and sexuality; maltreating them to the end: She falls in a sensational-sexual love with a bullfighter, disconnects from the artists-fans company, and lying with the Torrero in a hotel in Madric– making all of them angry, which she doesn’t mind. Oh, sometime I think I can envy her… She’s in my age, or a little older. But she has no kid, that I do…”
On their way to Kaplansky’s house, Elkano revealed to Nahumik that next morning he’d go with the army to a dangerous activity.
The boy became afraid, but didn’t show it. They entered Kaplansky’s apartment. The Photographer was busy in reading the evening newspaper. Elkano asked him to permit the boy to ride the horse, when he would be out – and his father spoke loudly, so that Nahumik would also hear: “No problem. I hope the boy will be a horse rider like General Pilsudsky, whom I saw once in Poland. Then I’ll take a nice photograph of him.”
Two days after that Elkano returned to his father’s home, telling him he was among the soldiers who had captured two Arab villages in front of their town.
He was wearing the woolen khaki hat and his face was smeared with mud. Bruises were covering his forehead and arms. He told Kaplansky, that he and his collegues had given a good fight to the enemy, using hand-grenades, Sten small arms, and Elkano was first time using a German ‘M.G.Schpandau’. This means a heavy machine gun, with a firing tempo of hundreds bullets per minute. Ah, what a bliss you feel – holding that weapon tight to your arm, and the backpush hits your shoulder while you are shooting…Two soldiers were killed in that attack. ‘One of them was hit by a bullet in his lung. We couldn’t pull it out of him’…
Afterward Elkano took a shower, and just went to the stable and pulled the horse out of it. He put the saddle on its back, mounted it and began galloping outside the town, wishing to forget everything. He told himself he should not arrive in Ramona’s house. He refuses to let her meet him and then get into stress and sadness. It wouldn’t be fair.
Elkano told his father to tell Ramona- if she asks about him- that he had come home for only a few seconds, just to say hello; and that a jeep was waiting for him to get back to the frontline.



CHAPTER 15


Next week at noon – Nahumik knocked at the photographer apartment’s door. Kaplansky opened it and told the boy: “Please, come in. I’ll just finish my meal, and we’ll both go to the stable.”
Nahumik was seated on the man’s armchair, beside a round table. On its glass cover were scattered some photos. The boy discerned an album near them; according to the flashing paper and good color of the photos, he knew that the pictures were new ones, having been shot not long ago.
He bent to the album to look at it closer. He saw Elkano standing there with a friend from his adolescence. Both were wearing sea shorts. It was in a summer camp, who knows where. And here he is in anothr photo- already a soldier, with some warriors. Maybe he had just brought it home last month. And here he is on the horse… Why had Elkano gathered these pictures and given them to his Pa? He was worried, I think. Solomon Kaplansky needed these pictures to look at his son’s figure, while he would be strongly longing for Elkano…knowing that he had left his home for an unknown length of time. Not forever. ‘Am I sure about that?’- Nahumik asked himeslf, and his heart was beating from fear. He closed the album immediately, and became angry at himself for his negative thoughts about his grown up friend.
The photographer and Nahumik went out to the stable. The horse turned his head to the boy and was looking in suspect at him and at his owner. Then he stamped the earth by his hooves. Soon his nostrills blew out the air and looked in sympathy at the boy. The horse was not connected to his reins, as the stable had been closed till that moment. Now Kaplansky put the harness to its mouth, and gave the reins to Nahumik. He pulled out the saddle, that was put in the corner, in an oranges’ empty box. Kaplansky set the saddle on the horseback and told the boy: ”Let’s take it outside, there you’ll begin riding. I’ll take care… You see two houses nearby, without a fence between them? So, you can ride along, without fear, up to the far away fence. But don’t tread a chicken on your way. Our neighbor Bleiberg is a wrathful person. He may hit you.”
The photographer was looking at Nahumik, while he was mounting the horse. Already seated on its saddle he began riding, and Kaplansky was running for a while after the horse, till the rider Nahumik was next to the far fence – behind which was a street.
Then the boy returned riding on the horseback and Kaplansky was walking again at his side. The boy said he would be riding in that way three more times- and his friend’s father left him to ride alone.
Nahumik imagined that the horse was telling him something in timid voice: ‘If Elkano would have known that you had been afraid to ride’- it said- ‘he would laugh at you… ’ So, I am decisive to be a real horse rider, like the cowboys in the films. I was trained by Elkano to gallop speedily- forty kilometers per hour. O’key, thirty would be also enough…’ Then the boy imagined he had heard the horse talking to his owner: ‘Don’t fear, Elkano, that I’ll drive crazyily. I can be even be a circus horse. But though I can stand on my back feet only, I would not do it with Nahumik, as it’s a dangerous position. Now he can hit with his shoes on my belly and make me drive faster. But he should bend a little, and hold the reins very strongly. Exactly in the manner that you, Elkano, were teaching him. Hop Hop- and we’ll reach the fields’…
‘But we won’t do that today’, Nahumik told himself, ‘I’m still not trained enough. On the coming day we’ll drive out for a confidential mission. I’m the knight in a new Adventures Book.”
Next day the boy went to school with a great feeling of satisfaction from his activity. In his heart he thanked the Photographer for confiding in him. It seemed like Kaplansky had known of his son’s friendship- also with Ramona. ‘He himself told me to look at the photos of Elkano…If I tell my friends that I was riding alone- they’ll believe me, because Mike was on his veranda and saw me.’
Next morning – just after Nahumik and the other pupils entered their classroom, their schoolmaster has arrived in, facing them.
“Your teacher Zelda is pregnant, as you know,” he said, ”She can’t come today. So you’ll have two hours off. You will get balls and a ‘Donkey Case’ to jump on it; manage the sports lesson by yourselves, and please keep quiet. Don’t disturb other classes.”
Mike told Nahumik that he had reported already to his Mom about the pregnant teacher. Mike’s mother was very angry, saying: ”In such an unsecure situation of the country- who dares to become pregnant? Your teacher Zelda is crazy.” The boys laughed, and then – after throwing on the girls some paper airplanes and ‘crumpled bread balls’, Nahumik had suddenly suggested something that impressed his friends:
“Why should not we get near the frontline – now? We have a spare time, and it is a nice morning. Our mothers won’t know about it, and won’t search us or worry about.”
“Bravo!” cried Mike, “ I’ll walk with you.”
“So with us”, two additional pupils joined them, and also the girl Irin.
“Let’s turn straight to the graveyard,” said Mike, “From there we’ll march together into the orchard, that a direct path inside it will lead us to the frontline positions.”
“We will take a look,” jolted Nahumik, “at some diggings, wires and shelters of sacks, filled with sand. Maybe we’ll find some soldiers there”
“My Mom has told me,” said Mike, “that the real front had moved forward to the Arab villages. And really, now everything seems to be quiet, and we’ll have a nice journey.”
At the sideways there was new grass growing. The wintry nettle was stinging the pupils’ bare legs, as they were wearing shorts. Then the noise of a close shrapnell was heard. After it- a nearby machine guns fire was ticking, and the group fell down on the ground, some trembling. Mike was calling to them to draw back. Nahumik shouted against him: ”No, don’t move”- and nobody dared yet to raise his head, as the shooting voices had continued.
Soon they heard a noise of a jeep. It was coming straight from the east. A Captain got out of it and shouted: “Are you crazy or what? Run away back, immediately!”
He pulled out a pistol and told them he’ll fire their legs if they don’t move immediately. So they were rising, and beagn running quickly – until they have arrived back at the school’s gate. But now they could tell their friends how brave they had been, visiting the real front and even getting the enemy’s fire.



CHAPTER 16


After the Declaration of Independence of the Jewish State in 15 May 1948, Elkano and his collegues were sent to an operation of capturing the road from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. The first night for that mission they spent in the woods of Kibbuts Hulda. A very hot Hamsin air has wrapped the whole contryside. Warm wind slipped from the mountains to the valleys and to the plain of Sharon and to the seashore as well. At once you could feel the dryness of everything surrounding you: the wetness of grass and flower had disappeared. Also the orchards and woods and other plantations- had become grey from dust instead of green, and the throat was dry and thirsty… The eastern wind was capturing everything. You could do nothing against this secret-silent wind, which was sawing the roofs of houses, stables and huts. Also the moon and stars had disappeared, and the few that remained would become gloomy.
The hens suffered very much from this weather, and Nahumik helped his mother, by taking a rubber pipe and sending water on the hens-coops’ roofs; but that had not helped much. The boy and his mother had to pull out dying chicken from the coops into a grave digged thereby. The rest of them, having remained only fainting or completely alive – Ramona and Nahumik took into their living room, and were splashing water over them…
Nahumik was not attending school in that day. In the afternoon he went to Rabbi Aaron, and told him about the hens’ disaster. The Rabbi immediately arrived in Ramona’s house, and butchered fifty of the fainting hens, strictly keeping the Jewish Kosher way of Butchering,( a partial cut of the chicken throat- not fully separating the head from body). So, Ramona was able to sell the hens and chicken’s flesh and get some money from a Butchery owner in the towncenter. The man sold the blue-sallow hens very cheaply to whoever would buy… About half of all Ramona’s chicken died in the hundred ten Farnheit degrees night, and in the day after.
The son and mother felt desparate. They did not know that in those hours – Elklano had a much more horrible experience.



CHAPTER 17


It was after the battle of Latroon, in the area of the Biblical Ayalon Valley (the moon was staying there – while the sun was not moving for a whole day in Givon: all happened in Jushua’s time).
Rumors had begun to reach Nahumik’s small hometown. They were bearing on their wings a bad message, like Job had gotten from his messengers in ancient times.
About half of an Israeili battalion was missing from the battlefield, and no one could tell exactly what had happened to its soldiers.
“Why cannot anyone tell us the true, clear, explicit facts?” The townsmen were asking. “The doubts butcher our hearts, and the blood strikes our temples as thousand hammers. And it can’t be otherwise… What was common to all the rumors? – that they were not optimistic, and they were stubborn like rocks and blood sucking as ticks, and sticky as a mastique. And all the people tended to believe in what they had been telling. Oh, It’s a bad sign. Oh, how wicked is the mind to tell what the heart wishes to hide and delay. Oh, black, sad, chaotic prophesy. May God deny you.”
The rumor that Elkano was among those missing soldiers- was strengthened by a simple fact: In his last visit at home, he insinuated that he would be joining an armour vehicles’ squad. Instead of attacking further on to the eastern side of the country and conquer some mountains, Ben Gurion decided that breaking the way to the besieged Jerusalem would be the first priority of Elkano’s regiment. So he was one of the warriors, who were heading to take positions in the Latroon area.
It was a flat valley. On it had existed the only road from Tel Aviv and the seashore- to Jerusalem. ‘All the Jewish people know what Jerusalem means’ – so said the Israeli Government. ‘It is and will be the core of the land. Eeverything in Jerusalem is connected to the Jewish history: There is the Wailing Wall – remnant of the devastated Temple. In this old Holy City’s streets – prophets-poets were walking and shouting about the sins of the Israeli kings and other ruling classes and high society richmen, and demanding Social Justice…Jerusalem was captured many times but re-settled, and now besieged again.’ Cruel satanic history, away with you!

A few days after the first rumors, new rumors were arriving in town. Then came others, and though sometime they were contradicting each other, people believed in all of them:
Some rumors were telling that most of the missing soldiers were taken in prison, and a few had been slaughtered.
Other rumors said the opposite, and others added that there were many wounded remaining on the battle-field, but some had succeeded to escape and got back to our lines; these escapers didn’t report about it, as they were still fighting in other frontiers…
“But I say”, said Kaplansky to a client, and Nahumik heard, “that a very heavy shelling was there on our troops. The Trans-Jordanian army – called Arab Legion, was having the best artillery. Its batallions had invaded to the west bank of the Jordan river – from its eastern side; and helped by British Command, these armies’ assaults were causing us heavy losses.”
“But the word “failure” is out of our lexicon,” said another man, “because not only women believe in the power of words to change situations. So we should neither admit it – nor utter this word…”
“Our leaders know the sad truth,” said another man to mustached old Mekler, who’s just arrived in the store, (while Kaplansky went into his apartment to bring him some special photos)“as well as our army commanders and many newspapermen know. . But everyone will ask you not to set panic within our lines. Now, don’t tell the most terrible rumor, that I’ve heard today: Even those who were thought to be in prison – are not alive. It means, that they were shot dead or butchered by knives. God will save their souls! That’s it’…
Due to the enormous amount of rumors and their meanings – all parents and brothers and sisters and close friends of the missing soldiers- were shocked and frustrated: No one knews exactly what had happened to their beloved ones, but all signs were showing that a bloodshed had taken place there. If the enemy had only admitted that the dead were in his hands- we would have had a better feeling, isn’t it so? But we have only rumors and whispers and nothing precise, clear cut message. A mourning atmosphere is hanging around on the walls of our houses, and our townmen are seated inside in dumbness.
In these hard times you’ll hardly find a fellow, who would dare to say a word of encouragement. Because it’s clear as a daylight: If the army’s speakers are silent, and the public media and politicians are also swallowing their tongues, it means that the facts are terrible. We are fighting – our back to the sea, few against many.
Only by the sacrifice and courage of our youths –we’ll win. By hook or by crook – You can’t but win. Don’t deny, however, that for long weeks we will be dangling between despair and hope. And that despair created the phenomenon, that almost every healthy youth had gone to that terrible war, even invalid youths like Shmerl the butcher assistant. The town’s streets have been emptied from joys of youths- boys and girls as well. What can we do? Wait with patience. Yes, that’s what is needed now…
So, why should you have even a tail-of-thought, that those tens of guys, that adolescence was shining from their faces, are gone forever? Don’t call the Latroon Valley- a cursed graveyard… The Jordanian artillery was really heavy and butcherous, but some of our men succeeded to get out from hell. My heart only pains, that some had fallen, without even tasting real life… 
No, don’t surrender to the bad rumors. The acute lightening that hit us, will pass away. Our body is still functioning and we should inhale pure clean air into our lungs. Maybe all our life we will wait for our missing one. We should be living so, with the morbid feeling of loss all around, till the final breath in our life. Our limbs will be cut and our thoughts will be wandering, and we will always stand at the margin of the living ones… We will not know any more a real relief of joy- until we will be ourselves pushed into our graves, and unite with our loved ones – somewhere in the universe of loss and nothingness. Other people will celebrate the great events, that our New State of Israel will have, and we’ll feel that it’s ours- but not for us; because it has been built upon our devastation. T h e s e are true and direct words, not hiding anything. It’s our ‘moira’ as the old Greek tragedy writers would say: our destiny, – and no other!
“But – Mr. Mekler, please listen to what Rabbi Aaron had told Mrs. Yoishe Esters, whose son was among those missing:
‘Rumors are heavy and dark as Sheol? I daresay, that everything still can be changed. If no one confirms anything, there is still some hope… But I ask everybody:
Where are the British? They have been the rulers here till two months ago? They have left spies and Intelligence Agents all over the Arab camps, I say. We should scream day and night- and find out what has really happened.”
Some of the women in the market were saying, and Nahumik listened to them, that the Army was bluffing our citizens: It was telling that no one could have the lists of surviving soldiers. Yes, because there existed many fronts all over – and the fight was moving more quickly than the beaurocracy could afford- for finding who had been where… And take into account, that Jerusalem is besieged now: No one is out – and only few are strealing to come in. The missing soldiers maybe there, I say… No, I would not swear it, but… No true Jew is allowed to swear nowadays. Hopefully, with God’s help, we will be saved.



CHAPTER 18


One day there really appeared a good rumor, with some evidence: Photographs have begun to arrive in town.
One photo was large and the other small, one very dark and one quite bright, one distorted and one clear- and so on.
It was a bunch of photos, and what had characterized them, was – that on all you could see young men, Israeli youths that have fallen in captivity. In groups and in pairs they appeared on the pictures, which had been taken somewhere: The guys were standing or sitting, completely or partly dressed – and some having their bare hairy chests seen very clearly. Most of them were wearing Khaki trousers, and on their heads – funny hats, that have been supposedly supplied by their captors…
But we have to add, that the shoes were taken from all of them; everybody was photod barefooted. If they were walking there in this manner- in a desert camp- they suffered very much. But mainly it’s not their external physical condition, that we’ve to worry about: We have to be satisfied from the real fact that here they are alive in these photos. This makes me happy, you see? These pictures are not a ‘kleininkeit’ if I put it in the Yiddish language: It’s not a small thing: All men and women in our town and in others – can rush hungrily to the photos, and the flash of hope would rekindle in their eyes. Yes, it’s all right that people get incited and become hopeful…
Parents and friends began to analyse each photo very thoroughly. Some were writing a list of guys who had been known to them, and of the kinds of trousers with which they were dressed; and even the trees or bushes that were caught on the photos, around or in the background. Other relatives were writing their conviction about the quality of the light in the photo, and commented about the unprofessional hand of the photographer, to our disappointment… 
But speaking realistically, the main problem with the photos was- that no one of those had been sharp nor clear nor big enough, so that a person could rise, stand erect and declare: ’Yes, I am absolutely sure that I identify my son or my brother in this picture, no doubt about that!’
Some people were saying that the hope and belief would bring about a cursed illlusion. But what is wrong with that? You have to expect for the best and pray for luck. God’s help will do the rest of the necessary effort to save all. Don’t become desparate so soon.
One day chased another, and the photos were changing hands. They moved from pocket to pocket, from house to house, till they had been seen everywhere in the little town. Mothers were embracing them, sweethearts were kisssing them, and some women were caressing them -even in their dreams. Who knows? Maybe many of them would have been stolen or lost, if no one had kept them well and somebody had made some copies, so that their turnover would be constantly kept…A nice question you ask: Who would take care of them- and be responsible for keeping their permanent good shape? I mean: in a manner that that they will not be torn or folded or stained… The treasury keeper is Solomon Kaplansky, the town’s photogrpher. These sacred pictures are a Public Property, aren’t they? “So, no one should confiscate a photo or deliver it further on – without letting Kaplansky make at least one copy for his special archive, as a security against thieves and losers,” Ramona told Nahumik.
But if you asked: how and wherefrom have these photos arrived ?-
No one would know exactly. Mr. Mekler, a father of one of the missing guys, had some connections with the High Windows in Ministry of Defence; it was said, that because his son was shown in almost every picture – he was called to a General of the Army, responsible for its Manpower Dept., and he received all those photos from that General.
Now Mekler said to Kaplansky: “Look, it seems like the pictures have been stolen or being brought legally- by the Red Cross or by the Red Crescent or by sombody from UN… But the main importance of this stuff would be – if you identify your beloved one here, and be happy… For the time being, no one talks about a release of anyone from a prison camp.”
“How much sadness and heart pounding and doubts,” said Ramona to her son, “can simple photos cause to relatives of the missing ones. And you can be sure, that the enemy had delivered these in purpose to harm us. To get us into the unknown sphere. However- every photo would render some hope to someone, that’s its good mission.”
“To add to our bewilderment,” said the photographer to Nahumik, when one day he came about the horse, “I question: how could it be, that our sons were smiling in those pictures? Is it possible to be in prison and laugh – even if somebody has just told a joke, and the photo had been shot by the enemy’s professional?”
“No, it shows that their situation in prison is well,” said Mr. Marmary, who was standing beside Solomon, and greeting the boy who was already mounting the horse. ”Thank God, this photo shows that the prisoners get everything according to Geneva Convention.”

One afternoon Kaplansky was fainting in the Towns’ Hall. It was while he attended the meeting of the missing ones’ relatives. He was lying unconscious- for two minutes- on the floor, and soon the Nurse Medic Tsipy was trying to treat him, by splashing some water on his face and measuring his quick pulse.
Poor Solomon was crying: ”Elkano, I don’t find you… I can’t! why have you gone?”
Nurse Tsipy counted twenty drops of brown liquid that she has put into a spoon, and ordered Solomon to drink it, which he did. Indeed he quickly ‘returned to himself’. Doctor Priver, who had attended the meeting from the beginning, knowing that such scene might take place, said that if he had not percieved any pains in his chest, he would be O’key.
Nahumik remembered that in his street, every second house dwellers had lost beloved ones. Parents and teenagers- or even children, brothers and sisters of the missing ones, were shedding tears when unseen. A l m o s t no one accused the Government or the Army for the disaster… Almost no one, except two, that Nahumik had surely heard them talk against the Jewish Leaders. These two were Kaplansky and Mr. Hofman, the Town’s Architect (who was a secret communist, and nobody have imagined it): Solomon told Hofman at the end of the meeting, that the Zionist Leadership of the Jews in Israel has made a mistke – declaring the Independence of State of Israel. Hofman agreed and said they’ll not withstand in this bloody war. And even if it is won- there will be another one, in which they’ll be defeated! What a coockoo nest this army is, hardly having a gun that can shoot, and old trucks shielded with 5 centimeter steel armour. With No tanks, with hardly two light ‘Piper’ Airplanes- and with that they had wished our dear young men to defend the Jewish towns and villages and Kibutsim – scattered all over the country and inside cursed Jerusalem. ‘It was a very uncalculated decision of the bloody Leaders,’ said Kaplansky. ‘And I suffer from it, not they. I suspect that none of them has any sons in the battlefield’.
But Ramona, who listened to her son telling her about all that, has told Nahumik: “The two are wrong, so I think. The Jewish people themselves have to be … blamed. Because it’s their fate. None of them is desired or required in this cruel world of nations. You see, no one defends us – from the attack of the Arab nations. It seems that all the other people in the world are against us, because they see we are so amall and lacking power. Maybe I’m wrong, but sometimes I feel like that; and you should also keep that feeling in your heart. You may not agree hundred percent in that, but fifty percents is also enough”… 
“Yes,” she continued, ”there are some righteous people to be found in other nations; and it’s a fact – that the United Nations Assembly has decided that we should be delivered this State. But it was in a rare moment. Now they all repent it, and tell us it was wrongdoing to the Arab Palestinians, who are now drawing away to the mountains.”
Nahumik heard his mother’s theory- and his skin has become stingy and reddening. So, this war is awful, and may last very long. It will be impossible to get a final and ultimate victory. The Muslems are hundreds of millions. They will forever remain in our neighborhood, said mom, and even if we make them withdraw hundred times- there is a danger that on the coming war… who knows. We are not innocent God Believers, my son. So, you remember my words- you’re living in the most dangerous country in the world; but this is our fate- and nothing else. The enemy will never be annihilated. Even peace agreement- if signed at all- will be temporary, breakable and partial. We can surrender and become Muslems and end with it, I say… But we are not fit for that. We Jews are too proud and boastful.Two thousands years, you know…
Next day Nahumik asked Rabbi Aaron’s opinion also about that. Yes, said the Rabbi. Principally it’s a war without miracles. The Almighty would not spend his powers on miracles nowadays, as there are also no prophets, since the day of the Temple’s destruction. And certainly He won’t make any big, well proven miracles to his Chosen People. Why?- because most of them have left the Torah commandments nowadays, of course. We don’t know why all this happens in our time, and as simple people we can’t guess and understand His actions. It seems that in recent generation God has decided to make a change in the world: He has caused that people would leave Him. Maybe all that is in order to re-organize the universe, like in Noah’s times. But we’ll not pass away by a Flood, that’s sure. He has other means, by fire or by draught or by the Atom Bomb. He has sworn – and the Rainbow witness it, that only a Deluging Flood won’t come on mankind, but anything else is possible!



CHAPTER 19


Let us return to the photographs.
The townsfolk were grouping mainly at the Central Circle, near the bus station. They were viewing together those photos, and mumbling to each other:
”Don’t you see? A wonder, but here he is clearly. Hundred percent. Who else has had such a half bald head and a curvy nose and blinking eyes and thick lips and robust shoulders? And have a look at that long throat of the guy standing by him: He is his friend Elkano, sure. Who else has such a boasting chest and muscled arms and… Ah, the blond hair? It’s an optical illussion, due to the certain angle of the sun at that time, beaming on his head. But even if that is not Elkano- the one that I’m talking about is Ron Mekler, don’t deny that. And there at the right side is Simon- the son of the chicken grower Mathilda. O’key, maybe not. Simon was thicker. And he would never laugh about something like the guy here. But why are you saying that I am mistaken all along the road? You should feel ashamed to say that about my judgement…
Nahumik came again to the Photographer’s apartment. Kaplansky asked how his mother was and how the hens were, as he had heard only now about the great damage that Ramona had suffered.
“Mom says, that even though half were perished,” said Nahumik,”We have to be happy that half has remained.”
“A clever saying,” said Kaplansky.
“The horse is neighing,” said the boy, returning to the purpose for which he has come.
“It’s waiting for you,” smiled Kaplansky, but his face looked sallow and tortured, “He remembers you and happy that you have come. I haven’t ridden him for two weeks. I can’t enjoy it these days.”
“Well, I’m going out,” said Nahumik and turned to the front door.
“Just a moment. Have you seen the last photos from the imprisonment camp?”
“Mom has told me,” said the boy, ”something: She heard that there is a good chance that in one of them”…
“Why d’you say only: a good chance?” roared Kaplankky’s voice, “there are two pictures in which Elkano is seen clearly. Here!”
He pulled out a photo from his pocket and the boy turned to look at it – and then gazed at the photographer.
“Do you identify him?” asked the man with a fire of some strange hatred or great confusion in his eyes.
“Yes,” said the boy, after having viewed the guys there thoroughly.
His lips trembled and his heart jumped. Not a long time ago – it seems- he has seen a very similar picture in the Album of Kaplansky. Elkano had still been alive there.
Nahumik was stoned to his place for a while. He wanted to understand- and couldn’t. He took the picture and asked:
”May I show that to my mom?”
“Yes, of courese. And from now on I’m sure you will ride the horse again with my Elkano. He is alive and will be soon released with all his friends.”
The boy was too shy and too childish to oppose this sentence, and he was frustrated and mumbled to himself: “He’s alive. Is he?” …
“Be cautious while you are on the horseback,” mentioned Kaplansky when Nahumik has turned back to go outside.
When Nahumik was standing in the stable he wanted to weep. The man- Elkano’s papa, has become mad. A month before Elkano has gone to the army, he was telling his little friend an interesting thing. His Pa, the veteran photographer, is an expert of sophisticated in ‘image super imposition’ in the Photos. It’s called “photomontage” – maybe a French word.
‘Imagine, for example,’ said Elkano ‘that our Intelligence service wants our enemies to think that we – like them- are also helped by British Officers in this war. We delude the enemy- by fabricating a British Officer in faked picture that we’ll scatter. Or we’ll secretly render it to a newspaperman that will publish it. D’you understand? Or we can plant such a fake picture in the battle field, and one or more ‘irresponsible Israeli fighter’ will ‘lose’ it near the enemy lines, and it will be picked up by an enemy soldier; and this guy will persuade others, that we have much more power than we actually have.’
“If I want to boast before my friends,” said the boy, “that I am a wonderful horse rider, I’ll ask your father to mix a photo, showing me fighting with the ‘Horserider Without a Head’. And I’ll tell all my friends: Look, I have cut his head with my sword.”
Elkano’s ghostly figure has disappeared form the boy’s imagination. He seemed to listen again to the voice of Solomon Kaplansky. He spoke normally, his words sane, but something was not regular. Maybe I am mistaken, said Nahumik to himself. And those in the new photo were not exactly the same as in the previous photo of Elkano and his friends- that I have seen in the past... So, is Kaplansky a lier? He is full of self pity – and pitiful of the other parents of his son’s collolegues, who are really so wretched. In this act of faking, he has intended as ‘to stretch the rope of expectation’! To delay thel truth about the terrible fate of those missing. Oh, terrible and awesome- what I am thinking… I won’t tell it to Mom. I don’t dare. It seems that she would tell me that I’ve fallen from ther roof – as sometimes she says about a nonsense. Or… maybe I tell it to Rabbi Aaron. He will know if I am right in my assumption. He sometimes long for the days he was younger and challenged the dictator Stalin, cheating the Russian Regime in order to go out of the ‘Evil State of communism’. These words he used, in order to justify his pretence as a lunatic – that at last made the wicked Regime drive him out of the Russian state…
In the afternoon Nahumik went to his Rabbi as usual. They were studying already not in the butchery hut, as before- but in the big synagogue’s side room. Five pupils had been learning there, and repeating with the Rabbi the first Chapter in ‘Baba Metsia’ Talmud.
At the end of it- was a word “Anpuria”, taken from ancientg Greek. Nahumik asked what does it mean, and the Rabbi rebuked him, but was well aware he should explain it just right.
”It means new belongings of a man, tools or utensils, that the eye has not yet been satiated by them. And it is related to signs, that a man who has lost something – has to give to the honest finder, in order to get back his loss.”
“And if that person is unreliable?” asked the boy, “for example, if this man has seen the thing before in his friend’s hand, and he comes to claim it?”
“Ah, you mean that someone dishonest might claim this finding?”
“Yes, there are such people,” answered Nahumik. The wise Rabbi has known that must be something personal of Nahumik connected with his saying, and he ordered him to remain alone with him, after the rest of the pupils would go home.
Nahumik told him shortly about what he had seen at Kaplansky’s flat. The Rabbi, as usual, was attacking it indirectly, and did not say what he was going to do about the pupil’s suspicion. Maybe Nahum is erroneous, but on the other side- maybe he is right.
“The Superpower of Almighty will help,” said the Rabbi(he used his Yiddish language: Der Eibershter muss uns helfen). He moaned a litle bit, and from all that Nahumik undersood that he had not found a solution to the problem. But the Rabbi said: ”Please call your Mom to come here and see me.”
‘The families of the missing ones had been dealt a terrible blows, – said the Rabbi to himself, ‘It is like one of the strikes of God on the Egyptians … So, what should we do?’

Next evening Ramona was very angry on Nahumik. Why hasn’t he told about his ‘discovery’- first to her? To his mom, who is so closed to him and has always cared for him, that has born him? And he knows that she is the best consultant for solving hard problems. So why hasn’t he hidden his secret inside his heart? This is an unbased suspect, my dear child…Instead of believing what the eyes see, you have a dark doubt, you suspect. And whom? Elkano’s papa. the dear brave chap’s father… To be cruel to Kaplansky like that- and to all of us. “We all are painfully bearing this disaster!” she said.
“O’key, Mom,” said Nahumik, “Enough with that. I was mistaken. I see you are sad and nervous about that.”
“You have behaved like a fool. I’m sorry to say that. Can’t you understand that the whole town will gossip about Kaplansky, this bereaved person? We are all bereaved now. And you have no evidence to what you calim. So, don’t talk about that any more… 
You are a grown up boy, what happens to you?” – she was silent for a moment.
“I can’t order you,” she added, ”ultimately not to think; but any
human being, including a child like you, should hold his mouth shut these days. God forbid- if he utters something not based on true facts and reasonable evidence. What sadness and grief might bring out baseless rumors, Oy Vey!”
“But you have always said,” answered the boy, ”That the Rabbi is a clever and responsible man. So how d’you know he will spread out vile rumors or assumptions that have no solid ground?”
“Ah, I have seen him already today,” said Ramona,”I told him the same- to shut up! I asked him not to tell all this even to the great Rabbi Rinik, in the central synagogue. O’key, to our great luck, your Rabbi has not told him, so he assured me.”
Nahumik felt that his mother is still angry at his bad behavior. He should tell the truth to himself: Sometimes the behavior and sayings of mature people are a riddle to him. They seem to sternly show inner calm and serenity. They wish it as well to others that they like. They prefer to pretend that everything is O.k. –instead of telling and thinking the real, pure, sacred truth. They refuse to admit that, and to check and verify real facts… So, why has Rabbi Aaron, when he admitted me to be his pupil, said that he’would be proud to teach me only the truth? And he added that from reading and debating in Talmud and Torah I will see how already our fore- -fathers have already discussed the hard questions of life and death, right and wrong, and by that I’ll know the reality in ‘its purity and its profoundness,’ so he said.
“There is hardly anything in life and nature,” he exclaimed boastfully to me and to my Mom, when I’ve first met him, ”that our wise Rabbies have not touched in their discussions. You have to look and watch their words and read the Torah, because eveything is to be found in it. Even pay attention even to things that seem unimportant and marginal… In which nation’s holy book can you find a debate about: ‘These are the findings of a man, that occasionally finds something somewhere?… or: in what circumstances – a man is desparate from ownership of a thing he had lost ?’ … 
I’ll take a long deep breath, said Nahumik to himself, and think.
‘People don’t dare to do that. They put aside the idea of bereavement, wanting to postpone a sorrow about the passed away who’ll join Hell or fall into Abyss. Mom told me that. I am lucky that I’m only a child.
All is just open to me. I will not cover anything untill it is very clear to me and I’ll trace each of its trees, from its root up to top. Yeah, I said that in a nice style. But it’s hard to achieve. No… Once Elkano has told me: ‘the fact that you endevour to get something very important for you- is in itself a proof that your childhood has ended’. And Rabbi Aron Hittin has formulated it in his way: ‘ It’s said in Psalms – “You have seen a thief- and you were running with him”. It is not only that you are chasing him – but he’s running from himeself, from his humane roots. Therefore if he has that root – of course you have to find your internal root, of truth and fairness and integrity.- and go forth with it”.

At that night Nahumik woke up from a dream: Elkano’s horse was waiting somewhere– and soon his hoops were trampling on the grounsels wide field. On it was a knight without a head from the book of Mine Rid. from that field he passed to an area full of dry crevices and deep valleys, that could hide a sophisticated enemy- and from there he found himself on a blue black mountain, that no one has ever passed to its other side – except Elkano, who told the boy that he had been there with three of his comrades. The decapitated night was Elkano himself, yes, and therefore he could not speak, but ‘Horsy’ was talking instead of the youth, trying to uplift his mood, getting out of the spectre that he had just seen. ‘You ride everywhere you can,’ said the horse. Don’t think that your riding on me is so definite and limited to this small town and countryside. No, you won’t ride at a distance of two-three courtyards, boy. Be patient, – and you’ll gallop far away”. The horse ended his words and the decapitated knight was thrown from his back onto the air, and said that he is ready to gallop with Nahumik to search and find Elkano intact and uninjured. Even if he gallops to the sky, like Prophet Elijah – we’ll return here, back to earth. You are not dreaming, dear boy, You take off and fly with me’.



CHAPTER 20


Kaplansky’s shop has become a meeting place for those searching their missing ones.
One day an Inteligence Officer has arrived there and delivered to Solomon new photos to watch and let others see. The photographer has mentioned, like being resented:
“In my opinion none of these youths that we see here was existing in the previous photos given to us. Thses guys here are not from our town at all, for sure… Or they are among those, whose parents told in the past that no figure of their sons had been shown on the previous photos… Go to them. Why have you come to me with these photos? Mister Weinberg, please take care of these, I have neither time nor wish to hold them. Oh, what do I see? Look here! Something is written in English on the back of this photo! I am bad in translating from English”…
Old Mr. Weinberg was alreay grabbing the phootos with trembling fingers. He placed the most clear ones on the round table and began to investigate the writing: “From afar I see that they are different in their standing position or background from the previous ones, but this time I understand the English written on their back. It’s the name of the photographer stamped, but also a full description in handwriting:
“These photographs were taken inside the Jewish prisoners’ camp in Mafraq, Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan”.
Weinberg had translated into Hebrew the meaning of the text.
Then he turned the photo and watched it very carefully from right to left and his lips were tightened. He took a second and third picture and was gazing at them too, watching them for a long time. He tried to memorise or calculate something while mumbling:
“My son is not here, I’m sure”, and when Kaplansky heard him say that- he was looking at the third one, and suddenly his eyes were shining:”This guy whose head is shaven,” he said, “is very likely to my son. It seems that he has gained some more weight. But it’s Elkano, really”…
“Oy Vey”, he suddenly mumbled, “please hold me, I feel I’m fainting –like two weeks ago.”
They brought water to him and he seemed to recover. But he continued to mumble- and no one understood.
A third bereaved man arrived from outside, and pushed the others:
“why haven’t you announced loudly in town,” he said, ”that you’ve got new photos? The loudspeaker is in the town Mayor’s hands”.
Mr. Weinberg persuaded Kaplansky to sign- to the High ranked officer- a Receipt for the four new photos he had brought. Kaplansky will enlarge them, and hopefully they will remove the doubts if this youth is Elkano or Joab or Mishka Kovalsky, the poultry grower’s second son.
‘But the enlarged pictures will be ready only tomorrow, my friends.’ said the photographer. ‘They have to be dry, if you know anything about my craft.”
In the evening Kaplansky grabbed again one of those photos, his hands trembling. ‘But I cannot remember well the face of my dear son, he said to himself. Everything is suddenly vague in my perceptive memory. I’ll compare this figure with Elkano’s last photos that I have shot. Here he is in some military course with two comrades. And here is his upper body – head and shoulders- that I have photographed. Here he is on the horse in the stable – in the last visit he paid to me, before running back to the battlefield, to the mass..a.. c.. No, He’s there with a soldier’s shirt which my son was never wearing. His face is quite similar, but he is shown in Profile- and I say : No! Maybe. No. Maybe….But what are those trees in the horizon there? They aren’t dark orchard, like we have here. Where is my magnifying glass?… These are needle shaped leaves, that we don’t know here! That is a proof that it was taken in the enemy’s land.. But who knows if this is Elkano? … And the father of the real solider should hold it and be happy, not me. .. I reckon that till the end of this war- my son won’t be found. I am unlucky. Such things happened and will happen in history. The Devil’s Act. At the end, our Army will nominate an inquiring Committee which will conclude that those photos were not covering all the missing ones, and that is the end. Period… Oh, woe to me , the angel of death is nearby, thirsty to suck my blood, like a vuilture, feeding on the dead ones. Woe to my elder years’.
His hands dropped the photos, or the photos slipped from them.
Solomon’s head fell on the round small table, yet he didn’t feel the knock of his cheen on the board, which did not break the glass covering it.
A huge dark shadow was like falling on wise Solomon.
It has come with a feeling of light sweetness of surfing on the clean air without any weight. How good and merciful is the power of unconsciousness…
Kaplansky tried to rise up from his seat, on which he had bent down in a cruel sleepy-swooning pose, but he could not wake up.
Splinters of sweat were covering his quivering body, and bitter tears were dropping from his eyes, and he felt like a heavy block of freezing ice and burning fire weighing down on his temples and head. His breath was short and his face became sallow like a rock in desert. Maybe in his internal eyes he saw how his complicated labyrinth ‘folds’ in his brain were had boiled to a dark soup. His eyes were like fixed in their sockets and as then as strolling in the air, disconnected from his body… In the silence that was enhanced in his little shop, where he was, it seemed to him that he hears as a long scream coming out of his internal weep: It was rising and growing – and then were mumbling and uttering stupid words, and he was feeling rage and shame and a strange sensation of preaching to his dead son, who had not been conscious that he would be going to vanish from the land of life. Elkano was not egotistic enough to rescue himself, and could not accept the idea- that he had to obey his loving Pa. His vague consciousness, that he regarded as pure sanity, told him to refuse. Oh, you innocent pigeon, who will return you to your dove-cote? And what is awaiting you, father of this little sheep, still in this world?…My life circle has ended with your end, my son… And why hadn’t I gotten another son or daughter? I have only you, it’s terrible. Everything had been entangled…What value has the life of a simple photographer, who has no influence on what’s going around him and within him. He thinks that he secures an eternal shape of something, by his photomachinery; but it’s all vanity. The hell with dynamite and other explosives. Let me leave this doubled-multiplied world of good and bad, life and death… Enough, horrible life!
He was lying half-conscious for a few minutes, and was lucky that a woman client entered his shop, whose door had been left open. She was in an urgent need for passport photos, in order to sail abroad, but when she found the photographer rolled over the table, grey and quivering, unsuccessfully trying to say something to her, she turned out and began shouting: ”Please, people! Who knows where we can find a Doc. The photographer has fainted!”
The shouts were heard by Mike’s mother, and she immediately went downstairs from her apartment and also entered the shop, that was on the main street. She saw her neighbor’s severe condition, and phoned from a Cafe nearby – to the Medical Organization Room in town. Doc Priver arrived very soon, checked the weak heart beating and ordered the Fiat Physician’s Car. There was no ambulance at hand, as the bloody battlefields required more than could be available.



CHAPTER 21


Kaplansy was brought to ‘Beilinson Hospital’, near Tel Aviv.  The doctors’ diagnosis was, that he had had a heart attack. He should lie there till his condition becomes better. Kaplansky himself- after having recovered, declared that he had received an electric shock there, and that has caused his quick recovery. Nobody knew if that was true. . .Five hours after he had arrived there – the Paramedic-nurse Tsipy and her friends Rose and Ramona came to visit him. Sure enough - Nahumik was passing on the rumor about Kaplansky’s illness. He had heard about it from his friend Mike’s mother, the Brown House dweller.
When Ramona came to his room, Kaplansky had already been awake. She looked at his suffering body on the white sheets, and his eyes were telling everything.
“Why have you bothered yourself to come?” he mumbled. He didn’t wait for an answer as he had known that the ladies have arrived, because of his son. But Elkano is lost, deep in the ground, even not floating on the sea of death.
Ramona told the other women she would remain there, and they left. Kaplansky told himself that she was thanking him for causing that Elkano exist in that cruel world. His son has given her some moments of bliss and pleasure – so rare in these hard times.
‘She also deserves pity, like myself,’ he thought.
Ramona wished Solomon a quick recovery and the physician who entered the room announced that the visit has ended. His voice seemed known to Ramona, but she hadn’t recognized him till she turned her face to him. It was doctor Marcus Flumenbaum. Before the Holocaust he had married her sister in Chechoslovakia, and managed to survive. Once he had come to visit her at home, and Nahumik heard him saying the he would like to have close friendship with her; but she rejected the idea of further connections. She had been afraid of that man, who had been egotistic enough to rescue himself, leaving his wife behind, to be taken by the Nazies and be sent to Auschwitz…
The doc has followed Ramona to the corridor at the Heart Unit.
“Ramona,” he said, “ I didn’t know that you are a relative or friendly – with that man lying there. His name did not tell me anything.”
“He is a photographer in my town,” she answered, “He is a good acquaintance.”
“Just that?” he asked shortly. “See you again,” he added and walked in quick steps before her. Then he returned and said he would escort her to the bus station, though he hadn’t yet finished his whole task for that day. He added he had been sorry not to arrive in her house again in those days. He would be very busy. “Injured soldiers are arriving almost every day. Yes, I’m very satisfied working here. O’key, I know you would return to visit that man, whose heart is quite not quite in a very good condition..
Come again within two-three days, and we’ll know better about his health condition,” he added.
She undersood that he could know exactrly what the relationship between her and Kaplansky are. But what has he with all that? No, she has not two candidates-courtiers. It’s clear to her, that Solomon himself doesn’t know yet what she thinks about the future of her relationship with him. But to her it’s suddenly clear. Though she knows very little about him and his observance of life. His late son was sometimes talking very sympathetically about him… Yes, thst’s enough for her to wish him all the best and try to help and continue visiting him. Maybe she will meet Marcus
again, to her dissatisfaction. Here he parts with her, by shaking hands, apologyzing again.
‘You know’- he said quite sarcastically – ‘A Heart attacks’ professional never lacks work’.
Having returned home, Ramona was sitting in the kitchen and translating for herself a poem- from Chech to the Hebrew language. That would bring her soul some tranquility. It was from a small poetry book that she had brought here from her homeland. During her work of taking care of the hens, she had already chosen in her mind what and how she would translate some images into Hebrew. At last it has taken on a form of a poem:
“A human being- in his childhood
is as hard as a lamb, but wise and good
to know that his innocence will pass soon.
That after many years, under sun or moon
the butcher, holding a long knife
will end his life - by hunger, or by strife”.
Ramona re-read what she had written and became enraged with herself, for spending time on such a pessimistic poem. And I have a flash of hope now, she said. I know Solomon was gazing on me as a woman, whose pretiness means something for him. Not to mention what I know- that suspect there is now a blood mixture of his son’s with the life commencing in my womb… So, let me recall the street song I’ve once read at the University of Prague. Some dirty sentence inside:
’She was walking in my street/ her dog’s chain in her hand.
She smiled, like I’m her heat/ she wished I would understand:
To roll her. I over her, she beneath/ belly on belly, teeth on teeth.



CHAPTER 22


“Our old Rabbis have already said,”- Reb Aaron told his few pupils, cynically or mercifully: “What the mind will not think of – time will be doing.”
He opened the learning room’s window, and pointed on a long funeral procession that was going to take place thereby.
It would be a crowded funeral, unlike a regular one. Nobody had time enough or properly announce it, though all had know well that it would happen sooner or later. If God will be Good – it would never happen, but don’t delude yourself… 
Though it had been fixed to an unexpected hour in the afternoon, people interrupted their daily work, leaving aside any tool or utensil or animal or or food – from their hands. They started walking to the Main Synagogue Square. All were standing like frozen, silent and waiting in tension. Military ‘Major Rumor’, having a scandalous memory, and as such he liked by children recently (they have learnt about his existance from their old brothers’ letters to their parents) was surfing very calmly in the open air, or maybe sitting on a green grass cushion at the horizon, and marketing again his terrible never ending goods.
All of a sudden, like in a snatch, it all happened.
And until a man had chance to recover from his initial shock- the dark doubt has become a real fact. The knowledge about the naked truth, of death in almost every house on the town’s old streets- has been unveiled in daylight. It was dwelling now within coffins which were wrapped by blue-white and David Star national flags, and with ‘Talith’ praying cloths. A low weeping voice was its melody, and the deep knowledgeable bereavement was its messenger.
The children whose Talmud lesson was cut by the Rabbi, got out through the Synagogue side exit. They were gazing now at four or five military trucks on the road. Nahumik could not at first know their exact number, because of the ocean of people filling the Sqaure and its entries. It was four in the afternoon, and the heavy drive of the vehicles in the town-center has made the mourning matures and elderly burst in cry, and stirred fear mingled with a respect of the sublime- in the hearts of the children.

The soldiers who drove the trucks came out of their cabines, as the ‘stand up meeting’ of the town leaders continued at the townsquare. The curiosity of the children led them to have a look at the soldiers and the vehicles more closely, and Humik and his friend Mike approached them.
One of the soldiers began to smoke. He wasn’t just a recruit but had a Captain’s rank of three ‘olive branches’ on his shirt, at his shoulders. He resented the curious boys.
“What are you looking at?” he asked the kids.
“We have never seen such an army vehicle- from such a short distance,” said Mike.
“We have dead soldiers on our trucks”, said the Captain, who seemed to be the Commander, ”We will try to get with the corpses close to the graveyard. We know that some of the relatives wouldn’t be psycholgically fit. . . for bearing the coffins. “
“Why haven’t you brought enough soldiers for that task?” Asked Nahumik.
“Most of our soldiers are in the fronts, lovely boy,” said the Commander, “For a real, well done ceremony- you have to have tens of soldiers; that we are lacking.”
“Also they are lacking wreaths and flowers- to lay them on the graves”, said Nahumik to his friend. Let me think- he said to himself- not on death directly. Now I know – even more than before, after having heard what Kaplansky said to Mom in Hospital, (and he told said it clearly, so that I’ll also understand) that he does not believe in a man, as well as in God. But – he said- his small sum of money would help him not to go out of his mind. What did he mean by that? … Mom said that it’s not crazy, this belief of Solomon in his money.
She did not give details about what she had meant, but I feel that she listened to his ‘quite philosophical statement’, because he’s Elkano’s Dad, and thinks he’s clever even more then Elkano… 
I think like a boy with an old man’s mind- so said my Mom. Well. Let me now see what happens. The funeral has advanced somewhat. ..and my breathing has become short.
He pushed some mourners in order not to lose sight of his friends. People gazed at him angrily. They were all walking slowly after the five trucks, and two cars and ten horse- wagons, in which were many parents and relatives of the deceased.
Nahumik fell down once on the sand at the sidewalk, but soon was back on his feet. Then the procession came to a halt. The community leaders had to consult again on some issue. What’s so complicated in a funeral?- Nahumik asked his comrades. ‘It’s ten or twenty folds a regular one, but the ceremony and burial are the same, aren’t they?’

The soldiers who were standing in rows of three – now were seperarted: their commander had ordered them to jump on the trucks, four on each vehicle. They were seated to the two sides of each coffin, their guns set up in vetical angle. It was seen on their faces, that they are were as dumb and deaf, and would behave as should a man behave in a military Heros’ funeral.
‘We’ve heard that almost a regiment of soldiers had gone to that battle’- Nahumik was thinking. ‘Only two or three men succeeded to be rescued. So it could be that they are now sitting there beside some brave dead soldier. But why is it important? Ah, I meditate about tiny matters in order to prevent from weeping while reminding of dear amazing Elkano. Now I think he’s become friendly with me as he wanted to be memorized by a child’s heart. I’ll live more than his age now, I swear. He had known it, and minded it that I’d remember his goodnes and generosity to me…’
An anonymous hand has left a big empty orange box in the middle of Synagogue Square. he turned in over so that the Beadle jumped on it and declared:
”Now- to the memory of those who have fallen, and to condole all mourners- Rabbi Abraham Rinik will shortly make his harangue.”
Men and women told each other ‘Shshshs’ and the hard moving, obese Rabbi, having a large dark robe and a long grey beard, split into two at its bottom, approached the box and climbed it.
The Rabbi’s harangue was basd on the Bible’s tale about Absalom, son of King David, who “had set up a statue for himself – because he had no son!”
The Rabbi repeated a few times “he had no son” and added that it should be explained as the statue, a stone – will be a substitute to David’s son. The son of king David thought it was a proper thing to do, and by that we learn to do that also. Set up a statue.”
Women began to weep, as the Rabbi’s voice broke down, and he repeated mumbling: “as he had no son, he had no son.”
Nahumik also wiped his tears, but suddenly thought about his mother. Where is she?- he asked himself. She is among the crowd, if she hasn’t travelled to the hospital to visit the Photographer. She remembers that Kaplansky was the father of joyful wonderful Elkano. She has already decided that he – Solomon – was a very interesting man and has even told her jokes; yes, he was having a special sense of humor, that hasn’t left him despite his bereavement. It saves him, he said, from becoming mad.
Nahumik saw his mother on the graveyard. We are both here, he said to himself, so that Elkano will hear us as we cry. Our tradition tells us, that the dead listen and understand when the grave is still open. Therefore Mom gets close the the Brethern Collective Grave and says something. The gave-diggers begin to cover it with sand, moving their shovels. I can hear something while her lips are mumbling: “You know that you always hundred percents…I … won’t be able to forget you, silly guy…”
She was shortly weeping, as the three grave-diggers have finished their task and fixed a small signboard on the hip of sand, under which the five warriors had been buried.



CHAPTER 23


After more than a week, the photographer was sent home. Ramona was not his sole visitor now. Some parents of the past misssing warriors also were witnessing his re-arrival. He was brought back by the same Fiat car, which had taken him to hospital. Descending from the vehicle he waved his hands to the visitors, who were waiting near his apartment and shop. Doctor Priver asked the ten visitors to let him rest, and only two women were permitted to escort him and arrange his apartment: Ramona and nurse Tsipy. 
“Why has he been released so soon?” asked Mr. Mekler.
“Sir, you forget we’re in a war: Every bed in hospital is needed for wounded warriors, who arrive every day,” said the physician, “thank God, Kaplansky has been relieved from his pains.”
Next day Ramona prepared lunch for weak Solomon. Tears appeared in her eyes, when the recovering man asked Doctor Priver, who had visited him early in the afternoon:
“Doc, when can I visit the Brethern Grave, where my son was buried? I mean, if it wouldn’t be too much risky… for my heart.”
”Oh, next week,” said the doc, “You seem just feeling well now, but we have our own method about the steps of a patient’s recover. The medical practice is, that the one who gets a heart attack has to lie in bed for three up to four weeks. You will get out of here after two and half, O’key?”
Ramona did not escort Solomon to the graveyard. Only Mr. Weinberg was with him. In a clear morning- a taxi took them there and drove them back home. Kaplansky returned pale and tired. He lied on the sofa for half an hour, and with weak voice asked Ramona about Nahumik’s studies at school. He was just surprised to hear that her son also studies with Rabbi Aaron.
“Oh, why does a modern boy needs that?” he asked, “You know- my son Elkano had also tried to study there, with the butcher-Rabbi. But he had left the Rabbinical clergyman very soon…He heard and told me- that Rabbi Aaron was only a practical Kosher Butcher. He had not been allowed by the Central Rabinity to be a real community Leader: I mean, a Rabbi with full allowance to wed couples or harangue to the public.” Kaplansky smiled from his own half-humoristic tale.
“Yes, my Nahumik has told me that”, said Ramona, ”It came about because the Rabbi emigrated from Soviet Russia, when no one was allowed to do that. He was pretending mad- in order to be driven out from atheist Russia. The Israeli Rabbinate System suspected, that he might have lost practicality there. Or that some atheistic ideas were hidden in a corner of his mind, so … ”
Ramona boiled vegetables’ soup to Solomon, and promised him to visit him every day. The old widower, Weinberg, was his ‘keeper’ in the mornings, giving him a daily white pill, (to be taken with a half glass of water, at least). At that time Ramona was busy in feeding her hens and gathering their eggs from the coops. She used to come to Kaplansky at two or three in the afternoon, and was caring – as well as Weinberg- that the photographer won’t move too much. Especially to his shop, that he wanted to re-open soon.
Kaplansky was also eager for eating cakes, and eventually would try to request a visitor to buy and bring him one. But Ramona stood on guard and avoided him from even tasting it. However, Kaplansky had at home a ‘Laika’ automatic Camera, and he decided to take it from his drawer, set it up- connecting it to its ‘pillar’, and make it be automatically activated. So he photoed himself or Ramona or some visitors. ‘I’ll develop the film when I become healthier’- he told his visitors. They saw he was joyfully talking about his craft.
Since Ramona’s first visit, the Photographer has wondered why should this woman bother herself and care for him. He could understand that in hospital, maybe it was because of Elkano…But the guy had passed away. She has no commitment to a man who had been the father of her sweetheart. ‘Therefore the question: Why?’- still remains. If I could only be sure, that her relation to me- her nice behavior and goodcare and fonding manner- derive from a deeper source’, so he said to himself with a queer smile,‘Then maybe I’ll believe in Providence.’
Yes, from her manner of talking to him and her settled tone, Solomon was feeling that she had intended to know about him more and more details – as a personality with great life experience and capabilities and emotions… and even if he was an anti- religious person, he had a humanistic belief and observation…
‘Even about my political opinions she has already inquired’ he told himself, ‘It was in her last visit in hospital. She was interested to know many things about me; though she still endevoured not so ask much about my past marriage life, with Elkano’s mother… But I’m forty five now, and not so healthy. Who knows what would happen to me next year; and she is only thirty, maybe thirty one. I hope to return soon to my shop. She understands well that I am mentally hurt; a bereaved person can never recover… But she’s also a bereaved woman. She understands what it is. No, a son is different from a husband. Oh, Fate is laughing: A young widow with a bereaved elder man. It might be an interesting psychological case, if… O.K., we’ll very soon see how and to where it develops. No, I harness the wagon before the horses… And what does Nahumik know about his mother and my son? Surely, he had suspected something… but if I return to my recent thought- I don’t have patience now for adapting a child like him’.
‘Gott In Himmel’(God in sky)- Kaplansky added to himself – ‘the town in which I was born – Katovitce, is not so far from Ramona’s native town. Our whole meeting story is a crossing point of events. Like the whole universe that was created in the type we know it, had been by ‘joint natural events’, occasional events, taking very many milliards of years. I have read it in the book about the ‘Nature and Creation of the Universe’. It says about the creation of life – that from time to time, occasionally, a small deviation from the existing norm or shape of some creature, would cause a new type to develop, that hasn’t existed before. So with chemical reactions, that some of them appear by rear chance. Scientific people know better than myself how to describe all that in detail.’ On her next visit to Kaplansky’s house, Ramona discerned some albums with his photographs on the table. Weinberg brought that from the Photographing Shop. Many weddings and parties and Shows were seen there, and also extensions and ‘improvements’ made – from bad originals. “I was asked,” said Kaplansky- “to make an old lady younger, or got other such joking tasks. But that’s the job of a photographer, who wishes to get paid and live”.
When Mr. Weinberg came to visit him again, he was bringing soda powder.
Ramona heard from him, that a spoon of that powder would be good for Solomon. Whenever he may feel a pressure in his chest, she should put this into a cup of water and even mix it with some suger. After drinking that liquid, Solomon will hiccough, what will release his chest’s pain.
Ramona remained alone with Solomon. ‘Maybe this is the due moment,’ she told herself, ‘to announce that I have loved Elkano very much, and… that I am not going to abort his baby, which is in my womb. At first I hesitated to decide that, until I have come to know Solomon… It’s already the third month, that I have no sign of menstruation! I’m going to keep the embrio. I love it already, knowing that Elkano would have kissed me fervently for that… I don’t demand anything- but I’ll tell Solomon. I don’t know what to do if he would say he doesn’t know what has happened… I must talk to him delicately. That he won’t get into panic. Because – God forbid – what if he suspects that the embrio is from another man’s sperm at all, and I trick him?… No. I won’t tell him yet about this pregnancy. Maybe the mentruation will soon reappear: It has been long delayed, because of all the tension and excitement around. Yes, maybe I am quite in panic. Recently I don’t sleep well. I refuse to admit it. My eyes are burning. My self-balance is not as it seems from outside to be. I am troubled by bad thoughts…Or maybe what bothers me- are my visits in Kaplansky’s apartment. I try to style what I’ll tell him when he recovers and permitted to get back to work. I must mention to him, that his son’s seed is inside me… From the news about the death of the horse – he was not too excited. He had beenn in hospital and I discovered to him that Nahumik was coming to feed the horse. The boy had liked to do it, as he was riding it almost every day. I added that he certainly had known that the horse was dear to Nahumik, it was like a connecting wire to Elkano’s memory… 
I can’t prevent from further arrivals in Solomon’s home, she added to herself. I can find thousand arguments against that –but I would fail. I am simply attracted by this man. Nahumik has already paid attention to that. For that reason he repeatedly said, that Solomon had been ‘making and faking’ some photos of the missing soldiers. In the boy’s view- it was not important what had been Solomon’s reason for that. Maybe he had a good intention: to plant hope in the parents of those missing soldiers… After the war I’ll take care to try and repair my son’s erroneous views about some topics and events of our life.
I am feeling that my attraction to- and taking care of – Solomon … are not only due to my mad love or deep sadness regarding Elkano. It’s a separate subject, standing alone: I begin to love this mature suffering man. And I know he is a strong, and will get out of his illness. Every evening – when I leave him alone at home, and he reminds me that I have to go, I have a feeling that I should continue. If not the hens, that I have to take care of, I would come also in the mornings…Why suddenly I recollect of a sentence that I had said to myself, when the overwhelming news about my husband’s death has arrived? “If I could only take care of him , and see him dying in my hands. Then I would have felt better.’ It’s a futility, what I’m telling myself… And I couldn’t have taken care of Elkano. He was killed – who knows how and where. Just exploded and burnt, without becoming ‘injured’. Dead at once. His flesh and blood and bones and brain were mixed with his comrades limbs, and that was all ; Oh God!
I feel that Solomon is viewing life and death from a similar standpoint to mine. Who knows. I still postpone my ‘very serious talk’ to him – and I feel that very soon he will tell me, that I am ‘the best thing that happened to him’ for a long time.



CHAPTER 24


Ramona and Solomon knew – each in his own way- that their love would prosper. It is reasonable, you may say, because we are dealing with a written novel. But it was coming from heart and soul and physical attraction and from the riddle of wish to wrap the wounds with some marvellous ointment.
The idea of ‘re-loving’ process seized Ramona by the roots of her hairs. Solomon just told her, boldly and directly:
”You are tremendously marvellous, Ramona. Had I been younger – I would have courted you, and … you don’t have to tell me how your feeling is… but I feel that your feeling is not far from mine. Otherwise you would have known to get away.”
Ramona knew that her first son would be a problem. Nahumik has become a grown up boy. His mind is older in some years than his actual physical body’s age, so she thinks.
‘He had seen the Ghost of Death walking here with his curved scythe, declaring that the one who wants to survive should struggle against him. So, Nahumik has already an obscure knowledge, that the ideals of God’s justice and human honesty and searching for knowledge of an ultimate truth – would not be enough for living, without smart and cunning maneuvres… But I fear- not from Nahumik’s losing his past’s plenty of innocence, but from his behavior to me; when he will know clearly about my relationship with Solomon. He has already felt it. I’ll tell him today, that his suspicion is justified.
“But Mom, you know he is a lier. He had made a joke from the bereaved parents.” Nahumik told her.
“Even if he manipulated something about the photos,” she answered, “which I don’t believe… It had been because he wanted to save those families some more weeks of deep pain.”
“You repeat what you’ve already said, trying to defend him.” Nahumik showed her his impatience, almost shouting.
“But Maybe,” she answered, ”Solomon hoped, that somehow a few of the misssing fellows would be found… And he had not thought about a boy like you, who would pursue his unconventional way of trying to decrease the horrible blow… and then even blame him for mere wickedness.”
“I only want to warn you, Mom,” Nahumik said, becoming nice again, trying to rationalize, “He is a sick man, in body and in mind; and may ruin you and me. Take that into account … ”
“You know, that Elkano was your friend,” she said suddenly, “ and don’t you think – that maybe he had also acted sometimes as he should not have?”… She stopped all of a sudden, grabbing her mouth with her palm. Maybe the boy himself was thinking about the ethical qualities of his young friend. He doesn’t need the interferance of his mother in that.
‘I know that Mom is right saying that’- thought Nahumuk after he had left Ramona and entered his bed. ‘I’ll never worship anyone. As I am aware now- maybe my friendship with Elkano was like a blind worship. .. But he was  wonderful, anyway…’
The days passed quickly, and Solomon was not any more being chained to his house. He returned to the photography store and customers began to re-appear and request his artistic camera. Ramona continued to visit him in the evenings, and he would tell her who were his clients and what some people were saying. Some of the visitors were bereaved people like him. They continued their grief every moment and were wandering, so they mentioned, how he could work with seemingly ‘relative tranqulity and calm mind.” 
He was even trying to condole and cheer up other bereaved people, who would come to his store, telling: “I don’t see a reason to continue living,” and weep before him.
Nahumik was with Ramona in the shop, while Kaplansky told them that. Ramona wanted the boy to say hello to the man, whose work was revived and his business had become better than ever; though deeply in his heart – Solomon did not like that, as we will see later. But for the tima being- the boy heard him already calling his mother in a nickname: Ramonka.
The ‘KA’ suffix to her private name – was ‘a proof of liking the person,’ at these days. (As the ’IK’ was fonding suffix to the name Nahum).
Ramona seemed even happy for her nickname; and after a while Kaplansky began to discuss with her the matter of selling the hens’ coop. She didn’t show that she would oppose the idea. The number of hens has decreased recently to half than it had been before, and she wasn’t buying new little ones. She doesn’t see any sacred elemnt in holding them, she said. If she had another working place, that her earning could be increased- she would be satisfied.
“But talking with me about all that,” Ramona told Solomon, after longly kissing him, ten or more times, “Let’s talk about a more serious matter.” She laughed, trying to let him be impressed that she is not so serious, but even frivolous.
“O’key,” said Solomon, “let me hear what it is.”
“I am pregnant from your son, Elkano, God’ll revenge his death.”
“Well, I could have imagined that,” said the man, who has become pale, and she didn’t know if he was joking or serious.
“We have lied a few times.”
“I thought so. It does not matter to me how many times.”
“Is it not… important for you to know more?” asked Ramona and he felt her embarrassment.
“I would have been happy for him. Woe to us, having arrived to all that.”
“What can y o u tell me… now, about all that?” she asked.
“I understand… Well. What I want to tell you now is… that I propose to you. If you agree to marry me, then… how…where? Can we fix the wedding date? You know, that I’m not thirty years old, Ramonka. Maybe you have to get just a younger man than myself. I don’t recommend myself… as young, You know. I will give you some more time to think about my proposal!”
“No, I don’t need time. I want you, my darling.”
They kissed again and again, “I will take care for the baby, boy or girl, that you’ll bear,” He whispered. “I’ll be a wonderful father and grnadfather! What do you say about that, my dear sweetheart? And in the future we will have real joint children, maybe I’ll be a real father again. Sorry for this complicated situation. No one can bring Elkano back to life. So I must, and willingly, replace him…”
“This is a strange discussion”, she said, ”I mean: your saying that this is a complicated situation. I think it can be – reasonably handed.”
‘I appreciate Solomon’s generosity and his sincerity’, she told herself again. ‘Hopefully I’ll feel his true love for long. No, no need of other sentimental words this time…’
“The matter is really serious,” he cut her thoughts, “So, well, let’s. do what is needed.”
“You certainly understand,” she said, “that I strongly believe in you, dear Solomon. That is due to the qualities that I have seen in Elkano… And you have raised him, educated him, and made him a man like he was… would I have doubted your character, I would not have presented myself every day at you door, and bother you so much, my dear. I hope you weren’t irritated.”
They kissed shortly, and the photographer’s fingers were suddenly grabbing his shirt by the chest. She asked if he’s all right, and he answered that he had been feeling a little pressure there, in his chest’s center. Not straight in the heart at the left…But the doctors said, that his heart almost hadn’t been hurt. And that if a man in his age is not too obese or having a high blood pressure, the heart will be remedied.
“Doc Priver told me: You will be soon be like a new man”- said Solomon. “He wrote for me a medical Receipt for a very new pill for the heart. You put it under the tongue, and that improves your feeling immediately. Wonderful ‘Glitzeryl pills’ for the weak heart!” he smiled, telling Ramona that his pain had disappeared.



CHAPTER 25


The wedding of Solomon and Ramona took place on the roof of the Brown House, in a late afternoon hour. The participants were three of Ramona’s woman friends; and four of Kaplansky’s friends and clients, Dr. Priver, Mr. Weinberg, and another bereaved parent. Rabbi Abraham Rinik and Beadle Izaak Husitcher – accomplished the males’ count to ten (Minyan)- so is the Jewish tradition instruction for having a ‘Kosher Wedding Ceremony’. Of course, the boy Nahumik was attending it also, but no one of his friends. Mike’s father was invited, but he said he had no friendly relations with the photographer or with Ramona, so why should he bother?
Nahumik’s Rabbi came also. However- it was after the ‘breaking glass gesture’ by the bridegroom- (not as a sign for breaking the virginity of the bride Ramona – but as a sign for the Destuction of Jerusalem’s Temple). Aaron Hittin rushed back to the exit very soon, aplogizing that a new pupil was waiting, to having an interview with him.
Nurse Tsipy was one of the attendants of the wedding, also being there for a very short time. She came in her white sister’s uniform and white head-dress, and rushed back to the clinic house. She said that an Alert had been declared by the army, as a multitude of injured and dead were still streaming from the Southern Front. A big military Operation has been taking place in the Negev, and schools plus other public buildings might be needed for the lightly injured.
The two other womean friends of Ramona, had criticized (not confronting her – but beforhand) her decision to hold the embrio in her womb and to marry Kaplansky. They didn’t know for sure what we know, that Solomon was the grandfather. Ramona would deny to them that she had been pregnant to Elkano.
But in the wedding – Ramona’s friends laughed with her and tried to pretend that life is as usual, and that the photrographer looks vividly and fresh, so they said. If she really loves him and became so easily pregnant ‘for catching him’ – God be with her.
In those moments of small talk, Ramona thought: It’s interesting that my friends, who were going out with me to the cinema till a few months ago, don’t imagine that the American movies had a hand in all this. But from now on it’s obvious, that I will watch the movies with my husband, solomon. Yes, he likes to analyse the photographical and technical aspects of each movie, in addition to the structure and quality of dialogue or music, and so on. Now, I should finish with my hens and their eggs, and I’ll not be sorry. Enough with being enslaved by the hens’ coops. I’’ll have to take care of a baby.



CHAPTER 26


At that time the war stopped in the eastern Mountains’ Front. The boy blessed the sudden calm atmosphere and the quiet feeling, as the noises of shooting and shelling and alarm – have ceased. But Nahumik was not quiet, due to a turn felt in his mother’s attitude to him: Ramona told him that their dwelling location will change… Solomon Kaplansky had known – that his arrivals at her home ‘was not well for the boy’s psychology’, as his room was linked to her bedroom. So, the boy was aware of whispers and movements in the bedroom, while the married couple had been together there for three or four times. The best solution would be, said Ramona, that she and Nahumik both move to Kaplansky’s apartment, which is bigger than her house. The boy will have a separate room there. The toilet and some veranda is at the middle of the photographer’s apartment, so that the boy will hardly know anything about the time that the couple is lovemaking, or hear any of their talks… 
Encouraged by her husband, Ramona was hanging notes in two Kiosks and two grocery stores and in Migdalor’s Café; and also hired an advertisment in the newspaper, saying as follows:
“For sale: A farm of hens’coops in this town. Please contact: Ramona, at Kaplansky’s photo store…“ etc.
Two weeks later, there was found a buyer to the coops. The boy was at school at the time of the hens removal: They were gathered, tied in their feet, in order to be taken to small cocks cages. When Nahumik came back home from school – all was over. Only the wooden and tin coops, including the drinking and feeding troughs – have remained.
Ramona’s pregnancy has been already seen then, and all her acquaintances admitted that she should have sold her hens. She told them that she had been too much bothering with the coops, all her matured life – and now she was feeling a relief.
Taking care of living creatures- said Ramona- was a bothering and a permanent listening to whistles and to other noises; and suddenly you’d wonder how you could have lived with that. She would need a good relax, she said. Enough with the memory of her first husband, who loved to work with his hands, and she was disciplined and went in his way, but that’s the end of it. She is not sore due of it, of course, having a living creature in her womb.
Sister Tsipy asked Ramona if she is ready to work as a caretaker of babies – till she would bear her own baby. She refused, though knowing that many new-comers were arriving then to the new State, and she could be of help. But she preferred to sit at her new home or in the photography store, and wait for someone to arrive, in order to sell him the old house… 
At that time Kaplansky had already told Ramona that he thought about leaving their town. To where will they move?- He did not mentioned, but she would be ready to join him to anywhere he would go. On the other hand, Nahumik was showing a lot of signs of discontent from losing the ‘status of an only child’ of Ramona. Kaplansky had perceived it, and was trying to befriend him and be liked by him. He brought Nahumik several presents, one of them – a tiny Leika camera. In this opportunity, he asked:
“Dear Nahumik, would you like to study photographing, one day?”
“You won’t be my teacher for anything”, replied the boy angrily. He did not touch the camera.
“Why are you talking to me like that?” Solomon asked him, in rebuke,“ What happened? What have I done?”
Nahumik was silent, and walked red faced out of the room.
Next friday Solomon brought him a new hat, with an arched cap-shade : The boy had known that the competitors horse riders were used to wear such a hat very tightly, in order to prevent wind from blowing, and causing the hairs to hide the race course and their adversaries riders on their sides.
Nahumik took the hat and immediately threw it aside.
“No, thank you,” he said “It’s only for horse riders; and it will remind me poor Horsy – that I want to forget.”
Nahumik got out of the room, while Solomon Kaplasky and Ramona were gazing at him with wonder. Nahumik was thinking about the horse, that was used mainly by Elkano…

Since then, so Nahumik remembered even after many years, he  was ‘exposing his rage’ on his mother. Sometimes she would go alone to see her husband in the photo-gallery, and leave him in his room or in the kitchen. Then he would shout at her: ”Why have you disappeared without telling me?” Then he would add:
”You don’t love me any more – I know!”
“My dear son, don’t talk stupidly.” She would answer, “You know I love you as I love myself. You have been my life till now, but you have to know that now we have become a bigger family, and you’ll soon have a brother or sister. Think like a grown up, and I know you are clever. Be considerate about my situation.”
She would embrace him like in his babyhood; and though he did not weep, he felt better. 
But  in one evening  he screamed, so that Solomon would also hear him :
”I despise everything here. Home, School, Rabbi, Photography.”
“Maybe,” told him Ramona, “You want to join the orphanage institute, that some of its inhabitants are your classmates in school?”
“No, no!” he cried, and feared that perhaps Kaplansky had already proposed that idea to her. So, he told himself. ‘From now on I have to be careful about my tongue.’
Ramona asked also the Rabbi to talk to Nahumik about his behavior. He said that probably a religious educational board school will be best for the boy. She thanked him for his advice, and knew she would have to deal with the problem by herself.
A week later she has told Solomon:
“Nahumik has really begun to be carefull about his talk lately. He is afraid we’ll really let him alone somewhere.’
Nahumik was meditating about the brother or sister he was going to get. He understands, he said to himself – that Solomon wants that baby. So nothing could be done against that. ‘But … what Mike has told me just yesterday, was amazing. The bringing of a child to this world is a profanity, a very rude,ungentle act. A Man fucks a woman in her front hole in her ass, exactly like a dock or dog or ox or dock does with its female. And they are enjoying that. ‘Oooops, I can’t believe it’- I said to Mike. ‘You exaggerate.’
So – the liar, unmannered, cruel man, Solomon Kaplansky – has taken my Mom for his ‘flesh pleasure, and all this talking about love is a lie,’ as Mike said. I see it’s like Solomon’s other lies, that I know about! He took my Mom to be his wife, without taking me into account. And I’m still a child, who needs his mother and can’t live by himself. He intends to make me a poor living creature in an orphanage, like in the book of Dickens, that I have read recently. Oh, God: Kaplansky and his baby will surely be preferred by Mom, they’re now dearer to her than me... But I will stand strong. I’ll hold my position and struggle, I must. I hope that my mother will not be so cruel. She has been with me all these years and wouldn’t forget that. Even animals don’t throw away their dear ones. The situation is bad for me than before, but worse that this- is to lie in your grave or in a Brethern Grave…’

Ramona signed a Sale Contract of her house with all the small properties around it. The man who bought it was called Woola Wolf. He had known Judah- Ramona’s husband, and reminded her that he had been one of the two ‘meklers’ agents, who sold that house and ground to Judah, Ramona’s first husband. “It was roundabout twelve years ago, was it?”- he asked.
After Ramona had received her check for her sold property, sge remaind alone in the room – and recollected how her relationship with her Judah had begun:
 She was living in her aunt’s flat in Prague, arriving there from her native small town. Her purpose was to study in university, despite her father’s contradiction and protest. He was a Rabbi, and afraid of ‘modern spirits’. But he was symphasizing the small Jewish Zionist Association in his Shtetl, and was paying membership fee. Ramona’s mother encouraged her studies, saying that the girl is talented, and in the big city of Prague – she may find a handsome and good natured bridgroom. Yes, there she had really met the youth who later on came to be her husband. Their first meeting took place in an ‘evening of folklore dancing’ in the unniversity…  
He was a well structured guy, with thick hair and strong hands. His nose was a straight one, not characteristic to ‘Jewish Eagle nose’. Judah was an excellent dancer, and had a broad smile and ‘thoroughly penetrating’ look. He was a very serious kind of youth, practical about leading his life forward- as he said. He had a delicate sense of humor, and told Ramona that he had not come for the dancing ‘per se’ but also ‘for looking at the nice Jewish girls here, though the dances are Slovaks’; and he was happy to know that she is Jewish. But not only his legs were well shaped and strong, also his hands were such. ‘I will use them,’ he said in their first meeting, ‘just when I get my Immigration Certificate, to be allowed to reach Palestine-Erets Israel’…
First time she was discussing with a guy along two complete hours. She wrote about that to her mother, and hoped for continuation of their talks. Later on she learned his opinion – how desparate had been the situation of the Jews in Europe, and he mentioned: “what Hitler has done already- was only the beginning. He is so cruel, not only for having reputation as a sensational Politician. If we (he pointed on himself and on Ramona) don’t run out of here, we are stupids and doomed to be dead. Come with me to the land of Israel. I have a knowledge of the agriculture. I was in a Zionist Farm in Poland, and saw that cultivating a farm will make me feel good. I propose to you, dear Ramona. Don’t let me go by myself to make a living…”
Maybe because of his direct words, that were simple, clear cut, decisive – she had soon agreed. They were married still in Chechoslovakia and their parents attended the wedding ceremony with many other relatives. When they arrived in Palestine, Judah had enough money to procure a simple bricks house with a small coop, which he extended afterwards. He taguht Ramona how to handle the chicken, feed them, and when they become hens- gather their eggs; and if necessary – bring them to the butchery… Then Judah volunteered to the Jewish Brigade, and never returned.

A week after Ramona’s house had been sold, Nahumik was strolling in its desrted courtyard. Maybe because of that, he had understood very well the poem that Ramona would write five years later, and show him :
“Home is the place to where I will myself take -
even at the time in which it won’t exist any more.
The home of my childhood was growing a snake
but I will be longing to it – despite tears and sore.
I miss it, like I miss my Pa, that to him it was clear
he should follow the Angel of Abyss without a fear.
And though I try to drive him out of my dream,
he has remained in my consciousness’ stream.”

In the new apartment Nahumik was satisfied with his new room. But one night, after he had waked up to piss, he went barefooted to the toilet. Through the narrow wall he became curious, while listening to some loud debate that Ramona was having with Solomon: “That makes me wonder,” said Ramona.
“What are you hinting? That I had forgotten her?”
“Maybe. You have hardly mentioned her once.”
“Leave me alone,” said Solomon, “D’you want to remind me of a woman who’s passed away?”
“You behave and talk like you haven’t ever been married. Like you haven’t lost your wife, and never mourned…even her memory. Didn’t you love her?”
“Oh, please, stop that.” Kaplansky said in a low voice.
“And maybe also all your passionate words of love and desire and sympathy to me – had been also just pretence? Something that your mouth utters, but inside your heart it’s not really meaning anything! Maybe you can’t fall in a fervent love – in your age and health situation? …Oh, no. I don’t mean it. But you can … You should… Can you understand me, in my situation?…Can you also perceive my position regarding your behavior?”
“Enough is enough!” Nahumik heard the photographer’s harsh voice; and he got out very quietly from the toilet room, just thinking why he was so confused.
What he had not heard, were the next sentences of Kaplansky:
“I restrain my grief. If you had heard me talk about Elkano, it was because you had been involved … And I won’t talk about my family’s disaster. I swear: I want only to face the future – not look back to the dead past. It should be buried. This is my point of view, and you know that. I am not strong enough to weep and break my heart. I am an atheist and ‘anti ceremoniac’: I won’t strike my chest with my fist, to show God that I beg from Him not to be punished but forgiven. I despise those Jews who do that, seeming to tell God that their sins were tiny, and they were worthy to have His mercy”…
Nahumik told himself, that it could not be that Kaplansky had not loved his wife. Otherwise he would hate Elkano. Though Mom was partly right in what she said: I have never seen his wife’s photograph anywhere. .. Maybe mother asked him also about that, and he gave her his usual argument why he should not bother with his past… Mom told me, that Solomon wanted to forget many bad things, that happened to him recently, in this country. That’s all about. Not that in any other place he would have had better life or chance, she said. But it’s too hard for him here, so he was telling her. He could just collapse from all his reminiscenses…
‘It was a lie,’ added Nahumik to himself, ‘what I’ve heard him just telling Mom. Like his other lies. He had manipulated photos and documents… He is a negative person, and his son Elkano had worshipped and loved him too much. Maybe Solomon was the killer of his first wife? who knows. I warned mother from him. Hopefully- after this night’s debate she takes it more seriously. But no! She can’t, she’s already married to him. Maybe she’ll send him to a ‘mind diseases’ physician, who is called: a psychiatrist.’



CHAPTER 27


This was the last month of Ramona’s pregnancy. The boy was having the meals with his parents in silence. He did not interfere in their talks. Kaplansky was telling Ramona, how many more people had come to his shop on that day, to order a repair and/ or copy old photos of their beloved ones- mainly dead soldiers. He would avoid asking them who and where. Other people – like Ramona had done just a year before, would arrive in his shop with pictures from the pre-Nazi era, also requesting to re-shape them. “I’m a leech,” complaineid Solomon, “a person who’s making his living from the dead. I hate it. I won’t do that for long. I’ve already declared: I will take all of us out of this mud.”
“But yesterday you told me,” said Ramona, “that you had a joyful job, to take some shots of new comers. They were standing near their new hut, that the Government has deliverd them. Or also you have taken photos of some wedding… All were smiling there–you’ve said- with a hope on their faces; then you’ve added: O.K., maybe they really bring some hope to us.’
“Yes, by ‘us’– I’ve meant the majority of population, not including our small family.”
Nahumik was smiling inside himself from the tragic humor hidden in Kaplasky’s words. Then he heard him saying, while he had shown Ramona some paragraph from the famous newspaper ‘Davar’(meaning: a talk): “It’s very sad what a politician had said to the soldiers, who are still fighting in the bloody southern front. It’s a cursed enigmatic saying: ‘Our defenders were very few, but their spirit had blocked the breaches.’ A ‘hutspa’ of a man to talk like that: My son’s spirit had been destroyed, it didn’t block anything!” Solomon was stretching his hand like a speaker, and his face became furious.
“Oh, dear Solomon,” said Ramona, “why blame anybody? A politician’s task is to say something like that for the newspapers. Some readers would like to read it: The paper does not suffer pain from anything printed. You have to remember, that young men, especially soldiers, like very much to hear that they are appreciated as heros. They love such words, that would give hope and bring their victorious message. That’s the nature of mankind, is’nt it? Why disparage that?”
“I swear,” he said ,”that I would also like to be a resilient and hopeful optimist. But I can’t. Yes, the leaders think that most people understand they are right, and so all are ready to sacrifice themslves for even a vague future. The so called leaders think, that they are taking an excellant care of the situation… But no. And Prime Minister Ben Gurion- soon will bring here a million of Jews , from the European survivers and from the Arab countruies. He will throw them all here – into a storming sea of starving and ignorance, and order them to swim?…”
“Listen to what Solomon is trying to say,” remarked  Ramona, turning to her son.
 Nahumik was pretending not to hear; he was counting his ‘glass balls’ for playing at school. He was afraid that his Mom would snatch them from him, and just put them back into his trouser’s pocket. He nodded.
“What do you think, Ramonka, about escaping from here?” Solomon asked his wife, all of a sudden. “Where will all the new comers to Israel- find even a black bread, or a rotten onion? We should run out of here. D’you hear me, Nahumik?! With our new baby, that will be born soon. You will join us, boy. We have already talked about that – myself and your mother.”
Ramona nodded, and looked at her son, whose face had reddened out of fury.
“No, no! I would not come with you,” shouted the heart bittered boy, “I like this little town, and its people. I love my scoolmates, and the orchards, and the woods. And you both– just despise everything, and throw mud on the land, on the leaders, and on the people. I hear your discussions - and understand. I am not a baby any more, Ma. ”
“We will go to America, big boy,” said the Photographer rudely, ”I am a good photographer – since a long time ago. I have a great experience and capability. I will enter the film industry one day. You like movies, don’t you? Maybe one day I’ll even become a film Producer. The principle is – keeping a good, thrilling plot and ensure that it’s structured well, and developes with a movement of conflicts toward some top. So it will appeal to the audience. I understand the material very thoroughly, and I’ll succeed – for sure. I have found some friend there.”
A fire of hatred was burning in Nahumik’s eyes. He looked at Kaplansky and at his mother, rose from his seat, took out his glass- balls, and rushed out to his room. He wanted to be alone, to play by himself, hear the ball-glasses collide with each other in a noise, and scatter on the floor… His tears were streaming shortly, and he wiped them, silently mumbling and cursing: ‘the devil will take you’. That curse he had learned at school. His teacher agreed the pupils would use it, being not too much abusive or profane… 
A day after that – Nahumik discovered to Rabbi Aron that his new father would cause him and his family to leave Israel.
“When?” asked Rabbi Aaron, “today?”
“Within half a year,” Nahumik said. “And they have ordered me to stop studying here. From now on.” He dropped his eyes. “They also said, that instead of Talmud, I will begin learning English; and the time is short, as soon we have to leave.”
“I don’t suggest you would run away from your Mom,” shot Rabbi Aron his tough words, “She had taken care of you and fed you and educated you…An irresponsible step. I mean, to have such a new husband, a criminal and corrupt, that for a few Dollars would emigrate to sinful America.”




PART 3



CHAPTER 28


Recently Kaplansky had been very busy with his old screenplay. After two years of complaints that his mind had been blocked about finding the correct structure of the film, now he was sure that he should show the whole creative script to a well known scriptwriter, who would help him. That man had an experience of three Western movies in Hollywood.
“One of my main reasons for emigrating to U.S.” Solomon told Benjy Wachfogel “was to study film photographing, and also to be working in the industry. However, the course of events had deviated from my main road. I had opened a photo store, having there good photo machinery and equipment. My success in that -had blinded my eyes. I have almost forgot my target. But Now I want to return to the project, in which I had invested my soul. I hope to be the Photographer Assitant in the movie, that I have accomplished this first draft for it. I’m ready… to invest one hundred thousands bucks in developing a film out of this. You call it Preproduction, I think. When we will come to producing – I hope the Producer would be helped by ‘Angels’ to do the real job: They would smell if the plot and characters and dialogues and structure and whole story- are not only acceptable, but have an amazing chance of being marketed inside and outside U.S.”
Solomon was telling all this to Mr. Benjy, and the man was curious about Solomon’s C.V.; so he heard about his son Elkano, who had been a very capable photographer and well known horse rider and sportsman. “He was handsome like any actor that you could find in present and past movies. His soul was rich and his passion was great, and he was having a wonderful capability to be sociable. Yes, he had his own trouble of teenage, and that dragged him to adventures. He fell in love with a beautiful woman, intelligent and cultured as well, who had read and still reads literature, including difficult poetry, understands the fine arts, and is an ardent watcher of various movies… She is now my wife,” said Solomon very proudly, called Ramona, introduced her to the scriptwriter and they shook hands.
“I understand, that your son has fallen in the war,” said Benjy, “and that you’ve based your draft screenplay on his short life.”
“My wife was pregnant to him, and we have together taken care to raise the child here.” said Solomon. “that’s also a part of the plot.”
“Well, let me read your script. Within three or four days we’ll start working on it, and see what we can do.”
“The most terrible scene here is: Photos of missing soldiers from a famous battle, that suddenly begin to pass from hand to hand in the village, or call it small town. The photos are blurred, badly taken. Everybody sees in them his heartwish, not the objective terrible reality.”
Benjy understood everything and next week returned to Solomon with two pages full of ‘general comments’, as he defined them:
“I’m doing that, so that you will well prepare yourself for other comments, that a producers may smear on you. Film production is a very tough business. Most of films fail in the market, you know. They don’t cover the cost of production. O’key. Now-about the central concept expressed in this script:
It’s too psychological and full of too much talks, like in a Russian novel. A film should show Pure Action, that’s the first rule. The plot should not be complicated as in a novel, and it should not be crowded with too many charactars. You should cut most of the ‘Crowdy Scenes’… My disappointmnet from your message derives also from the too much symbolic scenes, from episodes that sometime seem to make the watcher become outrageous, and from too much political debates and issues… 
“Can you give me an example?” asked Solomon.
“Yes. There is a very difficult scene to watch – about nightbirds and then eagles and voltures surfing above and around the corpses of the soldiers, that had sacrificed their lives. After that, in daytime, there are coming schakals and fixen and other wild beasts, beating and eating limbs of the dead heroes: noses and ears and hairs and cheeks…These are too much. We don’t wish our watchers to get a psychological shock or nerves’ collapse. The same comment is valid for exaggeratd scenes, showing the sadness of the bereaved parents and other relatives of the brave men. It’s better to diminsh some! All that is an unefficient and un-necessary exaggeration, O’key?. .. I mean, imagine a family member of those sacrifices, who would go and see all that in theater: he would feel that you ‘play scenes’ on his soul.’
Solomon asked “Just another example”, and began to see his movie fly in the dust, at least cut to pieces.
“Your attitude toward the leader, Ben Gurion – seems to me unacceptable. You just claim that he had sent your son to be killed in vain, without a fustified purpose. Sir, you show this Israeli Prime Minister cutting branches in a forest, with a sparkling ax! Then he is cursing a crowd of some politiocians who come to his office, requesting him not to declare the State of Israel. You then have a scene, showing General Marshal- U.S. then Secretary of Defence, who says the same! The average watcher in U.S.nowadys – or in Israel, sees Ben Gurion as a very great Statesman. He had rescued his nation, having succeeded in fighting against seven Arab States. So, if the Americans would refuse to watch such a filmt, you can forget about producing it.”
Solomon had no choice. He agreed to all the adjustments and repairing steps the screenplays’ expert had suggested. Within an additional month the script copies were in the hands of three producers. One has agreed to persuade a Director and some Jewish Films’ Angels in Hollywood to undertake ‘Solomon’s life-effort’ to preproduction. The producer had begun to search actors and actresses for the film, and announced it in some magazines and on the radio and even on TV program.
We tell all that complicated story, for one reason: Solomon suggested to Humik – to come back to LA. He, his pa-in-law, who appreciates very much his knowledge ‘from first source’ about the period in which the story had taken place; and having recognized and loved the Lead Character- he, Humik, should be the actor who will personify the protagonist, Elkano.
Wise Solomon had presumed that his son-in-law will not hesitate. Humik might think that it is a trick to get him back home – and avoid him even thinking to join the Israeli Army in the coming months. But it is not reasonable that he would resist to have a chance becoming a Hollywood star. So, Solomon wrote to Humik that the Lead actor’s salary will not be less than one hundred bucks, and he, Solomon, would add to it twenty thosand. Such a big deal will base Humik’s future, and if he is enough ‘Oriented’ to accept that proposal, he should come back – and try to push himelf. Of course, nobody can promise an absolute success, and if it is not good in his eyes – he will be able to quit. God bless him, and “Piece upon Israel.”
Humik fell now into a morbid mood. He saw himself torn by an unresolved conflict. He re-read Solomon’s letter, and believed that his Mom and Solomon had written it quite sincerely. They really thoughtb that there were at least fifty percents of chance that he would win the main role in that film. ‘You are very handsome’, they said, ‘and you know even the character’s way of speaking. You will read the story and understand thoroughly what has to be shown in detail. You’ll will pass an auditioning process, that is – a ‘screen test’ in order to let the producer and director know if you are capable to become a star… But even if another actor is chosen, you will be -toghther with us – a well paid consultant to the Direcctor about technical matters: Choosing ‘Statitsts’ for some shots, hiring vehicles that have existed at the war time, and so on … 
After two sleepless nights – Humik decided that because he had always hated illusions, he should immediately order a sailing ticket to Israel. He had not found it necessary or reasonable to answer Solomon by a detailed refusal letter. He only told his mother on the phone, that he did not believe in what Solomon had written about the future film… - and immediately banged the phone.
Ramona heard from Simone about the departure of Raphaella from Himik, and was worried. She tried to find Humik, and talk to him again about his refusal to Solomon’s proposal, but in vain. ‘He is really still a boy.’ she said to herself. ‘I thought that moving to NY would bring to him self control and recognition of reality, but no… It seems that all his life he’ll feel bad with himself, if he does not try his chance to reunite with his motherland. What can I do? I have to find him, surely. But now he had disconnected his phone line – or changed the phone number in his hired room.
Meanwhile Raphaella found enough courage and willpower in herself – to send a short postcard to Humik, and explain what has happened:
“Maybe at the first moment you will be upset,” she wrote, “but your anger will pass, I’m sure. You can relate to our close friendship as a beautiful adventure- and I’ll strongly appreciate it… I am really sorry, for having disappeared from your sight so soon. But the circumstances had forced me doing that. O’key- I could have done it not by the phone. But what’s the difference? So, I have decided to return to my previous boyfriend, who is now getting on the right track. He is Nathan, that you’ve heard about. I am sorry if you had pains, but please understand…”
‘I’d only asked myself why a couple should end like that,’ said Humik to himself, ‘Well. Stand strong and be healthy, dear Raphaella. I have seen that you are a precious kind of grown up woman. I’m sure … that you’re doing the best for yourself. I wish you all the best.’
A day after he phoned to the Peepshow Cellar manager. The man told him that Raphella’s contract with him had been cancelled, and so both she and Humik wouldn’t get their last weekly salary.
“Yes, you are a new guy in this mess. Believe me- if you find another girl who’s fit for these shows, be my guests.”
“No, I cannot bring anyone.” said Humik, “But please have pity on me. I have no one in New York. I must get that money.”
“O’key. Because I am circumcized like you, and my papa was a Hosid, a grand grandchild of great Alexadry Rabbi, I’ll tell you something. The Rabbi was saying it: ”On a grave – I always say the Prayer: ‘Therefore the Owner of mercy (So is the Hebrew version of merciful) will shelter, etc.’ So, I’ll do like this Rabbi and have pity on you. Come here and take your envelope. I understand that you’ll come without her. Our Effy had already reported me.”
So, Humik had to re-gain his job with Mike as Travellers’ porter, carrying baggages mainly from NY airport or railway station to Manhatten hotels. Mike was hiring his cab from a black man, paying him an hourly rate for using the car, all gasoline costs on him; only big repairs would be on the owner’s account.
Humik suffered again from his low earning rate, but thought he could still afford to finish his evening Course. Raphaella has not returned there, and Humik thought she was wrong in doing that. But Naitty had ordered her to stop. Maybe he was too suspicious of her, or maybe she would help him till late in his grocery minimarket.
Two weeks afterward – NY police caught drugs in the taxi, driven by Mike. Humik was seated at his side as an assistant carrier. The cab was driving on the line from the airport to the city; and the guys went into that trouble just after passing the Bridge, that would take them inside Manhatten. The cops halted the cab, taking Mike’s driving license. Both he and Humik were also bodily searched, because narcotics were found in the cab. They were hidden inside a suitcase lying in the cab’s trunk, and over the drugs were found also faked bucks, maybe hundred thousands.
The driver and the carrier denied they had known the man who put the stuff there: The suitcase owner, who had hired their taxi, had seen the cops from far. He asked Mike to stop and quickly fled out – and succeeded hiding somewhere. The cops attacked Mike and Humik, who had shown no signs of contradiction and revealed their papers. Mike had no previous condemnation; but the policemen were very tough, and denied having seen the real smuggler running away into the streeet, along the opposite sidwalk. He was a Mexican or Puerto Rican or Spanish, only the devil would know exactly. Humik was told he would be invited to the Courts as a witness, though one of the cops told him, that he might be asked to to sign a written witness in Police Station. Mike had no American citizenship, and he might be sentenced to prison- so said a lawyer, who had been hired by the poor guys for their defence. One of Mike’s ‘chauffeur friends’ presumed that the criminal had intended to change a default drug with a true and worthy drug, and that the Big Mafia was involved… 
Humik’s mind was not bothered about a future trial. If they let him go with a small penalty, like the lawyer had said, that would be finel. Now he thanked Kaplansky for his effort -years ago- to arrange him an American citizenship. But his Israeli citizenship is still also valid. ’God will do what is good in his eyes’, so was Humik citating to himself the sentence from the Bible (Prophet Samuel) … ’Mike has gotten a stronger blow than myself. He had died to be in wonderful United States for a long time. Now his hope might be cut. He would hate to return to Israel, where he should join the army. He said that if so- he was going to pretend mad, and bribe a psychiatrist.’
Mike sent a letter to the singer Semadar in Israel. He wrote – in his bad English (the style and spelling – partly corrected by his girlfriend) that he was doing that, “To remain in touch with you; and please also tell Gilla – your sister, that I don’t forget her. I’m sure you both know, that I was working on a taxicab, and now I myself and Humik- had been caught by dirty cops for smuggling drugs: It is a lie, we had nothing to do with that. The criminal who had put his suitcase in my cab succeded to escape. So we two had remained with the criminal’s suitcase, and maybe -I myself will be set in prison. Humik may get a ‘conditional prison verdict’: if he is caught again for same ‘crime’- then he will be punished.”
“Oh, my poor friends,” said Semadar to her sister. “Now I will not write about that to Tamy. She is busy with her music studies and Humik’s life do not matter to her any more. She had done very well, that she’d departed from him.”
“What more did Mike write to you?” asked her sister, “I see that the letter you are reading is quite long.”
“Oh, he writes also, that Humik seems to him insane. He gave him to add here two sentences.”
“What did Humik write?”
“Life is cruel. Sometime your face are cut by a razor, and you can do nothing. Bye Bye, Semadar, I may contact you or visit you when I’ll arrive in Israel. It will soon happen, hopefully. I’ll let you know the exact date!’ … It’s Humik’s handwriting.”
“But why should he come here?” asked Hedwa.
“Wait, let me turn the letter’s page: Again Mike’s handwriting:
‘Humik had a strange work, before he had returned to work with me, you won’t believe: It’s not a based information, but somebody had told me, that he had seen him with old women tourists, on the road of the Jigolos. I don’t believe it. So, we have queer jokes in America. You can laugh on us, when I am really weeping at nights for my bad luck. Your friend – Mike.”
The phone was ringing in café Ruth, where the sisters were.
“Semadar, a phone call for you,” said a voice.
Semadar spoke on the phone with Erga Lifshits, her Musical boss. She called her for a rehearsal of a new song that had just arrived, and Erga liked it. Its words were as follows:
“The Shadows brought an evening message, the battalion’s rows fell down like waves.
Our sweethearts had fallen in the Wadi passage.
Who would bring them to to their graves?”
As Humik had disappeared from Ramona’s control, she tried to seach him wherever she could. Even to Semadar in Tel Aviv she had phoned. The singer told her that she had received Mike’s letter. If Mike and Humik changed their Phone’s line – Ramona should write to Mike an Express postcard. If –by good luck – Humik won’t be at the postbox on the ground floor, Mike will get the letter and phone to calm her.
Ramona sent the Express letter, but she did not receive any phone call from Mike. She could not sleep well, thinking about her big son, who was a special kind of a youth. She was sure he had been strongly fascinated in his childhood by Elkano, as well as by his Rabbi Aaron; both characters had a bad impact on his teenage life… It’s interesting, if he had imagined that Elkano was Danny’s father. Or –perhaps he still believes that Solomon is the one… I had made enormous efforts to become pregnant from Solomon. We went to the greatest birth problems’ professor in Hollywood, but nothing… Now Humik is on his way to Israel, for sure. His dream is to volunteer to the Parachuters’ troops. I hope that the physicians there – find in him some ailment. In his hand or foot, or wherever. He might sacrifice his life, and we will be dropped into hell. I’ve read in The Los Angeles Times, that people in Israel are talking about a ‘second round’ of war with the Arabs. The Independence War, that I had witnessed, was the ‘First Round.’ The newspapers talk about war, as if it were a round of a football game. ‘As a result of the Egyptian Dictator’s self confidence, the odds for a new war break have risen’, what a nice language. But see what a pessimistic vision it has for Israel. ’Unbribed viewers’ anticipate that the Jewish state will not stand in a new war, after it’s crazy Government had streamed the country with more than million mewcomers, having but poor dresses on their skins. They were put into tents and tin huts that boil in summertime; most of them are unemployed’… And now my elder son’s ambition is in its heights. He dances from joy – on his way to the promised Land. Cursed land, damned mother. I am sleepless in my comfortable bed, trying not to wake Mister Kaplansky. I’m frightened by my pounding heart, getting crazy from anger on myself. I have not done enough to stop him still in NY. Last afternoon I was told – that no Israeli ship has sailed from NY port for about ten days. Not ‘Kedma’ ship, nor ‘Negba’, nor ‘Best Jerusalem.’ I have had already a nightmare, that he would educate my little one- Danny- to be like him. Humik might be a negative example! Can you understand? ‘Solomon, wake up!’
She had told him her nightmare, and he calmed her, carressing her hair. “We will bring Humik back. Don’t worry so much. Danny will not be another ring of Humik’s chain… But you continue to search him there, in New York. Phone again to Simone – send her again to his room or to the whorehouse. There must be somebody who knows where he is. He won’t do anything to himself; you, foolish girl,” Solomon ended his speech with a kiss in her cheek.
Simone had gone back to the Peepshow Cellar, and found the guard Effy at the gate. He had already known that she was Raphaella’s aunt, and remarked that he also was a Jew, “like the guy who was performing here with your niece.”
“Humik had gotten a fuck from her,” he added, “she is going to marry her ex-courtier, who is my cousine. What do I know about Humik now? That he’s arrived here a week ago, and received his last weekly salary.”
“His Mom is afraid, that he intends to emigrate to Israel.”
“I swear: I aspire to do the same,” smiled Effy. “You see what kind of job I’ve here. D’you think that going to Israel would be a bad idea to a guy like me? I’m ready to undertake there any job. The problem is, that I need also my cousin there.”
“You are mature enough,” she said, “to try first by your own. What’s the problem? I swear to you, that if you find there the guy Nahum Kaplansky, or Nahumik, Humik– you’ll be paid.”
“If I could arrive there by an airflight, right away, straight ahead- that would be fine. But it’s depending on the sum that you – or his Mom, hand me to cover my costs,plus a small profit. I have various ideas how to find him. If you’re in contact with his mother, please tell her about me, and give her my phone number. I’ll write it.” Effy wrote on a note, that he pulled out of his pants.
“Are you serious about going to Israel?” repeated Simone.
“Of course,” he said. “But I must have with me a big amount of rustling green papers. I have to bribe him, make him crazy to fly back to LA or NY.”
“In this moment,” said Simone, “Humik’s mother is in a general psychological crisis. By his kid’s behavior, Humik discontacted himself from her. You know, it happens with teenagers… ”
“O’key, let me have her phone number. I’ll talk to her myself. Though a cardinal problem still remains: my cousine… .”
”O’key, without him – how much d’you request?” asked Simone.
“If you hand me three thousand, I can bring Humik back.”
Simone pulled a samll ‘visit card’ from her purse. She wrote Ramona’s phone Number on it, and gave it to Effy. The guy had begun looking at the note, and his eyes balled while he was reading: “Simone Richland, Actress., Entertainer, Playing Coach, Adviser for the films Industry. Contacts with Studios, Actors, Directors and Producers for any Film Genre.”
Effy was a simple guy, who was used to worship young actresses. He decided to tell Simone, that for her he would do everything possible. He promised her to tell Ramona that for two thousand Bucks he would send a weekly report by telegraph or by mail, so that Humik’s family would know everything about his moves.
A day after, Effy talked on the phone with Ramona. She promised to pay him thousand bucks, even if he won’t bring her son back, but only get an evidence that Humik is alive. But if Humik would contact his parents by his own initiative, without any involvement of Effy in that- Effy should have to return five hundred Bucks to Ramona’s Lawyer in Israel. His name was Malakhy Benajahu and he lived in Jerusalem.
Ramona had no time nor nerves to argue with Effy. She immediately sent to him – by telegram- the necessary addresses and/or Phone numbers, of the following people, where presumably he could find Humik: Mike in New York; and in Israel: Rabbi Aaron, Semadar, Mike’s parents.
Ramona was now very busy in the Photography store. Her husband was missing full days. He went to Hollywood, to produce or pre-produce his film.



CHAPTER 29


Humik has met an ex-Israeli, Josh Kahansky, who was owning a restaurant together with Mahmudin, an Indian who was cooking there very sharp Mexican and Indian meat, mixed with a lot of Curry, pepper and other sharp spices. The Indian was informed that Humik would help him in cooking and waitering.
“Look at two visitors, who have just arrive,” he told Humik, “They are wearing some Airforce uniform, and seem to be from your native land. They’ve themselves told me that. I wonder, because U.S.A. is not having any military relations with Israel. On the contrary: Our President Eisenhour, and his Foreign Secretary Dallas- are against the strange tight alliance of Israel with the British and French. They doubt, so my magazine tells me… they doubt if Israel will survive after the next war.”
“Oh, that’s interesting, “ said Humik, “ I am planning to be there very soon. So – you claim that I am doomed?”
“Will you be a pilot, maybe?” asked the Indian smart man.
“No, just a simple Parachutist,” said Humik.
“I have known before, that you’d jump out from the blue sky.”
“How could you know?”
“I have read in New York Times, that the number of Israelis in Palestine now is about two millions. they have won a war against five hundred millions Muslems. It does not make sense- I said… unless they had some patent.”
“Somthing supernatural, or what?”
“If they still stay on this earth, it’s a sign that they have some trick how to escape, to fly over the clouds- as soon as some trouble is imminent. That’s my opinion. Therefore you, and these guys,” He pointed on the airforce Officers, “are paid such a high tribute by our newspapers. However, my task as a good Muslim, is to hope that your luck cycle will turn down. One day will come a smart, prophetic man, like our Nabbi Muhamad. He will take you down from the sky, by a wire, like you were a kite.”
“Impossible,” said Humik.
“I am a humble poet, nothing for such a man to appear is impossible. Once I had met Rabindranat Tagor. He promised to publicize in his magazine two of my poems. A huge Spirit. Yes,
Mahatma Ghandy was also great. But he had not written beautiful poems. Tagor and Ghandy had everlasting souls. Cursed be the Muslem who had killed Ghandy. A Crazy Kashmirian murderer.”
At last the sailing day arrived, and Humik went on board the ship ‘Kedma’. He had with him a heavy backbag and an average suitcase. He was wearing light, sportive dress, as it had been automn time, which was warm in most of the northern globe.
Humik took with him four books: First – the full Old Testament in Hebrew. Second- the concised novel of War and Peace by Tolstoy, in English. Third – ‘Fiesta- the sun also rises’ by Hemingway; Fourth – an American novel in English; maybe it was ‘A Tree growing in Brooklyn’ by Betty Smith.
During the voyage, that took more than dozen days, he was generally feeling well; though on the second day on sea he caught a head ache, and on the third- he felt pain and nausea.
But he was satisfied that all had passed. He had sufficient time to read some pages of Hemingway and some chapters in the Bible, about king David’s relationship with Bath Sheba. Had King David lived in Democratic America, he would have been gotten an electric chair for each of his big crimes: First- seducing and lying with a married woman; then- cheating Uriah – the poor woman’s husband, by bringing him to Jerusalem, and trying in vain to bribe him to lie with his wife, so that the child that would be born – won’t not be officially a bastard. Then the corrupt king gave Uriah a letter, addressed to his Commander–in-chief, Joab, who was fighting against Amon, ordering him to place Uriah “in front of the fiercest battle”, so he will get killed… 
‘Life were never easy for leaders, not only for the simple people,’ said Humik to himself. ‘Or it’s the authors’ pleasure to tell you about it, and in reality better things had happened… ’
He was looking at the small Bible’s hard cover. On its internal side was written his fathers name: Judah. Humik’s mother, Ramona, had given him the book before he had moved to NY. She told Humik that his father had refused to take it with him to World War, saying he would not have leisure time for reading it.
Now he, Humik, has that time. Next day he is going to read Jonas, who was on a ship, like himself. ‘I am on board, and the small Juta shed here is very useful’, he thought. ‘I’ll read, seated on a comfortable chair, after getting a healthy sun burn on my back.’
We don’t know who exactly was Humik’s cabin-mate on the ship, but he had one. He told that to Semadar afterward. We know that he stopped reading, while this mate, (who- like Mr. Kaleda by Somerset Maugham, was a ‘Know all guy’) came near his placed and pointed aside, far away:
“Oh, look at that mountain on the left! It is Gibraltar. So, Morroco’s coast is on our right.”
Humik took out a map from his bag. “Looking from far distance – Gibraltar’s cape seems to be like the Carmel mount, which is behind Haifa port.”
“You are right,” said the man. “I had been there only once. I am from Jerusalem, which is surrounded by mountains but has no beach. The Dead Sea is not far from Jerusalem, an hour drive. But it’s a dead sea. Only Sick people come there, for its minerals. Salty and hot like hell, and more.”



CHAPTER 30


When the ship arrived in Haifa port, there was a tumult on board. Humik was among the first ones who were allowed to get down, as he had nothing to declare in the Customs’ Gates. He walked to the bus station, after having crossed the wide Port Gate. A man, waiting to somebody, told him:
“You have to walk immediately to a bank. Change your Dollars into Israeli Pounds (It was long before the currency’s name was changed to ‘Shekel’). You can’t pay Dollars to the bus driver. He won’t receive foreign currency. It’s forbidden by the law.”
Humik did as he had been told.
He was already seated in the bus – which was full of old women, standing on the passage, carrying bags and baskets and wearing queer kerchiefs on their heads againt the burning sun outside.
The man who had spoken to him before, now was also inside the bus. He invited Humik to sit next to him, and soon became the youth’s financial Adviser.
“Remember,” he told him, “Owners of vegetables’ and fruits’ stores and small sheds – all prefer Dollars. But in the Groceries – half of the sellers are afraid from the police, and half like to arrange something, which is not called bribe. That means- everything is legal, if you are not caught. Israel is a Socialistic State, as it had ever been. The Government and the people like Uncle Sam – but not a young man like you.”
It was an early hour of a warm afternoon. Humik got out of the bus and walked to Dizengoff street in north of Tel Aviv, where Semadar was dwelling. He knocked at the front door. She opened and was embracing the youth, then kissing him on his both cheeks, and he had done the same to her.
“I did not know if I would find you at home,” Humik said in Hebrew, “But I have known that you might be here, as it’s not yet evening time.”
“Oh, you have to thank God,” she said,” There had been such bad rumors about you.”
“What had they said?” he smiled.
“That you are in the underworld. I mean: dead. Also in the underworld of real criminals, as Mike had written to me… about faked Dollars and so on. But worse than all is- that your mother is very anxious about you. You haven’t written her for more than a month, she said. Why?”
“Oh, I had no wish to talk with my parents. Mike and myself changed the telephone number- since we had been caught, you know. Too many friends and curious newspapermen began phoning. Who knows who else called- maybe some criminals also. We had thought: Maybe the Poerto-Rican himself would like to threaten us, and things like that. One day I felt that somebody was tracing me. I guess, that this fact had been one of my main motives to arrive here in a rush.”
“You are clever, Humik. And you’re a welcome guest.” she said.
“I will prepare for us what we call: Cheeps, or fried potatoes. I’ll fill oil in the frying pan. We’ll wait for it to boil and become brown.”
“But for me- it shouldn’t be too hot.” he said.
“How had you been able to sail so soon?” she asked, “I know that a regular immediate ticket is expensive. It had happened to me- regarding the flight ticket, that Erga Lifshits had paid half.”
“I had bought my ticket a month ahead, and didn‘t tell anybody.”
“I understand,” she said.
Semadar was turning to the frying pan. Humik was looking at her nice, straight figure. ‘Why have not I been attracted by her?’- he was thinking. Had her face been thicker, and had her left eye’s-apple turned a little bit to the eye center… we could have been sweethearts. The audience don’t see all these small ‘details’ from far, so she is quite a likable singer. Her voice is fine, I like it. I preferred Tamy on her, maybe also because Semadar has not been as intelligent as she. I’d seen that immediately. I was afraid we would not have many topics to talk about… ’
Humik suddenly remembered how he was celebrating his last evening in Manhatten. He was running to Central Park, passing through streets along skyscrappers. Above him there were colored illuminating advertisements for movies, stage dramas restaurants and other entrtainment businesses. Numerous cars were moving. He knew that such a busy and crowded city he wouldn’t meet again a very long time. He saw that some runners were doing like him, wishing to medidate while developing their feets’ strength, hearts’ pounding and lungs’ breathing. They all were feeling the closure impact of the huge town, the isolation of the individual and the loneliness of the soul… Humik came to a lonely path among the sparsly planted trees. He had raised his head, saw the cloudy sky and began to think like-philosophically.
‘Now I’ll tell about that kind of thoughts to Semadar,’ he told himself, ‘even only for breaking the silence. Otherwise she might think I am just indifferent or non-friendly to her.’
“You remember the Central Park?” he asked. She nodded, while stretching her hand, and bringing a plate with with the fried potatoes to the small table. Humik indicated her to sit, and both were eating from the same plate with the forks she had brought. He remembered Tammy and him enjoying the park, and asked Semadar if she had heard about the poor girl.  
“Tamy became better,” said Semadar, “she recovered and I heard she had returned to the States… I’m so busy that I could not contact her…Now, you continue with your tale about yourself in the Central.   
“Once I had been running there alone at sunset,” he said, “and I saw the sun getting down. At the same time- the pale moon was hanging in the middle of the sky. I thought: Why wouldn’t a huge wall be rising in between them? Then – some people in the middle will see one half of the sky in almost darkness, with a moon – and at the same time they will discern the other half to be still in daylight and see the sun.”
“Oh, I know that you love astronomy,“ she said, “When you were enthusiastic about our singing in America, I remebber that you said to both Tamy and myself : ‘For wonderful singers like you- I should pick up some stars and put them on your cushions, instead of flowers that you get from a simple fan.”
“The sun,” Humik continued his previous loudly meditation, “has a very different route than the moon. So are their measures, as our eyes see them – and in absolute terms.. .The sun is always burning, and you should look at it only through a coaled-glass. Then you’ll see that its shape is always a circle, and its route always from east to west. Not so with the moon: It has various routes, that I don’t pretend to know about, and it has different shapes and sizes along a month and a year and a period. But d’you know why have I mentiones all this?”
“Maybe,” she said, a little bit embarrased, “Ah, because you like astronomy, I’ve already said that … “
“It’s also because I am the moon- and you are the sun!” while he suddenly said that, he became serious, and his face was wearing a sad expression.
“I mean: I am not an artist. I … sometimes envy them, including you, of course. You are the sun, Semadar. And I have not my own light…”
She was smiling, but understood his modesty and sincerity.
“You are talking like a philosopher or a poet,” she told Humik.
“Or are you dizzy now, somehow? Maybe because you’ve fallen in love with me?”
“Sorry, I can’t,“ he said,”I won’t be able to fall in love on the coming period. I am still not a ripe fruit here. I have to be with myself. O’key? And I don’t want to bother you for long.”
“But tonight you’ll sleep here,” she said. “I’ll sleep on a reserve mattresse that I have.”
“Thank you, dear Semadar. Tomorrow I’ll search to hire a room. I’ll walk and see some in the old area of Tel Aviv. I was told by Mike that they are cheaper. I want a quiet place. Till I’ll get to the army… You know? I was not sure at all, that you’ll permit me to sleep here tonight. Thanks again. If you have a show tonight- I’ll join you.”
“O’key, I invite you,” she said, “But I must remind you to phone to your mother, she is very anxious. I haven’t wanted to urge you do that, before you eat something and rest a while.”
“Please,” said Humik, “You phone to her, when we go out. I know you have a café in the neighborhood, with a phone … “
“Yes, I’ll get to Ruth Café, and contact your mother. It’ll be seven in the morning in LA. May I wake her so early?”
“Yes. Tell her that I am tired from the sailing, and the sea sickness had weakened me and I fell asleep after I’d arrived. I’ll phone her tomorrow night. I don’t have to talk much with her… I am really longing to talk with the Danny, my little brother. I love him. I’ll pay you the cost call to Los Angeles.”
He escorted Semadar to the Show, that took place in Kibbuts
Givat Haim. Humik enjoyed the beginning of the Show, then was snoring a little. But he woke close to the end, so Semadar did not know he had fallen asleep. After they had returned to her room at midnight, she let him have her bed, but he was adamant to sleep on her mattress on the floor.
Before going to sleep, Semadar went to Ruth Café and phoned to Ramona. The small broker Effy Freulich would have won thousand Dollars, for discovering where was Humik. Now Ramona has saved that amount, and she immediately informed her lawyer in Jerusalem about that.
Next morning Semadar and Humik were eating vegetables’ salad at 10 a.m., during which Humik was looking at the Girlsingers songs’ list, that Semadar had shown him. He asked her to repeat singing the song, that had been mostly applauded last evening.
Semadar was singing it, after telling that Erga had invited for her an Opera teacher, who would develop her voice. Some high soprano tones, said Erga, seemed to be difficult to Semadar, so she should try to elaborate them. All that on Erga Lifshits’ account .’
“Very nice. It’s a good solution,” said Humik.



CHAPTER 31


Humik hired a room in Nahalat Benjamin Street in Tel Aviv. He remembered strolling in that street in his childhood with his mother. It had been The Textile Marketing Street in Tel Aviv since its establishment, and Ramona bought there for Nahumik a nice black beret, that from then on was ‘recognized sign’ on his head, while studying in his Rabbi’s class, and also in Torah classs lessons in the elementary school, in which he was a pupil.
Now he began living above a store of Fabric Rolls there, and was jealously looking at some carriers, bringing rolls to stores by tricycles or bicycles. He decided that first of all he would visit his childhood town, and then search some work to do, maybe here nearby, in the Textile street.
Four days after having arrived in the country, Humik took a bus to his hometown.
He walked to the ‘Brethern Grave’, in which Elkano had been buried. Winter tall nettles were growing between the graves. The graveyard has been much extended since his boyhood, and twenty or more graves’ rows had been added there. On the new stones there were engraved names that he had known in his childhood. A cursed Scythe, called ‘Time’- had sowed their lively souls and hidden their physical bodies in the ground.
He felt subdued, his heart filled with heavy gloomy memories. He quickly left the place and his eyes were looking around. Trunks of the avenue’s ‘religious Ficus‘ trees have become thicker, and their heavy long branches were reaching inside coutyards of people who Humik had once known by their names. Then he was surveying faces of passers-by. Some he had remembered, but none of them identified him. ‘ I know,’ he said to himself ,’that most of the people I see now – came to the country after my family had left it. They have settled inside the town or in the new suburbs. In the first years they were living in temporary tents and tin huts. Afterward – the State began to build terraced or semi detached long buildings for them. Everyone will have his own apartment there. Some would become rich – and will move to the old center, which had already been partly destroyed, and re-built. The new blocks of flats will replace old-one story houses, that heirers of the town’s establishers would sell to constructors. They will soon build almost sky scrappers here, without having a sentiment to the old little town, that I had memorized in my mind… 
I see men walking, and I don’t recognize them. I know the faces of obscure figures, like emerging from an old drawing in black and white. Their steps are pounding on the sidewalk with such a strong assurance that everything is theirs. What claim may I have
here? They have captured the stage of life in this place. They- and not those far forgotten dead heros… Oh, veiled curtain of my precious childhood! Woe to its exposed and hidden secrets, the lighted and the dark… 
At last Humik came again to the main street near the Synagogue square. Old Major Davidovitch was walking toward him there, on the paved square.
“Excuse me,” said Humik, “Do you you remember me?”
“No,” answered the man.
“I’m Nahumik, the son of widowed Ramona, who had married the Photographer Kaplansky; and we had left the place.”
“Oh, You have grown up!” the man complimented Humik. He remembered the fact that Humik had been Rabbi Aron’s pupil. “He has passed away,” said Davidovitch, “Blessed be his memory. The annoucements about the funeral were hanging here recently, but now they have already been replaced by fresh ones. If you can say ‘fresh’ about death.” He smiled bitterly.
Humik felt sorry he had not visited his Rabbi’s grave.
“There is no stone over it yet.” told him the army retired Major.
Humik knew, that most families set up a stone grave only eleven month after a funeral. Such is their Tradition. So, ’if I’ve thought still to visit my living Rabbi – he is no more available.’
Humik was sore. A heavy screen suddenly covered his eyes and he was sitting on a new public bench and saying to himself that the past has passed, dead and buried. Nothing good would grow out of it. He must return to Tel Aviv, and that’s it. Everything has been detriorated here, so I feel. Maybe I have to thank my Mom, who has decided to leave the past behind us. If it’s so terrible for me to walk here- even for an hour- and feel so bad, then what would have happened with me if I had continued living here? But the memory of my homeland, that is full of passion to the hidden past – cannot be removed. It’s a kind of pity, telling me that I should not forget the blood that had been shed. I was witnessing this Epos, and my soul is so built, that my demon wouldn’t allow me to run away. It’s better for me to live in this dry land, with a long summer that makes everything grey and beige, and in an automn like this – you would hardly find changing faces of trees and bushes from green to pink to yellow to red to white. It’s a black and white kind of film, this bloody country. I want to cry and weep and love the avenues of these Ficuses, that I don’t remember thier fall of leaves. If I don’t remember that, maybe it’s not important. to me? No, my memory of the green is worth more than reality… Why suddenly had I become joyful? Let me think: Because of my original private name: Nahum. My father chose that name… It had been in those days – when my both grandfathers were strill alive, and all my uncles from either side- my Mom’s or my Pa’s- were also alive. So my father gave me that name of a prophet. It means: the Condoled! I will be condoled. Despite the hollocaust, that had killed all our family, except me and my Mom.
Who’s that man walking ahead of me? The municipality Architect. Hoffman is older than he had been, of course, but he seems still healthy. He was constantly betraying his wife. I had learned it once- from my Mom’s conversation with her friend Hemda, who said: ”Hoffman and his wife Shifra believe in Stalin; and she believes her husband like she believes in the dictator. Can you imagine?” Now Stalin is dead, and his believers believe in his heirs in Russia. They preach for ‘eternal peace and arms control’, and on the other hand they’d made a contract with Egypt for a huge Arms’ supply. And I’ll have to face these weapons. But I’ve read that Israel now has also good weaponry. Now is not the War Of Independence period. Elkano hardly had a rifle, and now we have many kinds of arms, airplanes and tanks and artilery. Hopefully we won’t use them… 
Humik returned to Tel Aviv. In the afternoon he began to search for a job. He looked around and saw a young chap, riding a bicycle – with a roll of fabric for women dresses on his shoulder. “Excuse me,” said Humik, “maybe you need an additional carrier there, in your store?”
“Follow me to Number thirty four,” said the chap, named Simon Hilely. His boss liked Humik, and gave him a chance. Sometime he should carry at once two fabric rolls, so he told the guy. But most of these are made of French silk, which isn’t heavy.”
Humik felt quite well in that job, and decided to stay there. His earning was less than in The NY Cellar or with Mike, but it was sufficient for him. Also – his mother would not neglect him, he knew. Ramona would get used to idea, that her son is in Israel.



CHAPTER 32


About seven weeks after his arrival to Israel, Nahumik registered his address in the Ministry of Interior. Some days later he received a typed note: “Command for Reporting to the Military Authorities, and passing Fitness and Capability Exams in the Mobilization Office”. He saw such a styling, with many details – also on the Announcements Pillars in the streets. It had mainly required, that every youth approaching the age of eighteen should come there and ‘stand up to be mobilized’.
Humik was happy that it was like a seasonal phenomenon, and he would be welcomed there with many others.
In a nice but cold automn morning, he arrived in the Mobilization Office. Immediately he was met by two doctors, who told him to undress his upper wearing. They checked his tongue, chest, belly, and even were taking a look at his testicles. Then they told him to jump twenty times on his standing place, and measured his heart’s pounding and blood pressure. They soon asked him to breath very deeply, then stop, and repeat it thrice. It seemd like they have finished his check up, as they had left him in the room and went outside for their ‘tea break’. Humik dressed himself and was waiting, but had not noticed some young medic, or an additional doc- who was still sitting in the corner. Suddenly somebody activated an instrument behind Humik’s back, and he felt he had been in hell: A loud sirene noise crushed his ears and nerves, and he wanted to fall down and catch some shelter, as he had done in his childhood, while his neighborhood had been shelled by twenty Pounds artilery. And that last noise was much more terrible.
“Excuse me,” he heard a voice, that came from behind his back. Only then he saw the young medic, and understood he had been there before.
“The noise came out from this Panic Checking Ruler,” the guy explained, pointing on a metal straight ruler, that had fallen on the floor, “I am sorry for disturbing you. It was by mistake. This wonder ruler is used by me in my second job, in an Airforce camp. It has remained in my bag since yesterday. As I wanted to pull out a sandwich with a hard egg from my bag, I have just pulled out this Ruller, too. It unfortunately struck the floor, there. The result was a terrible yelling sirene, or something more terrifying.”
“Is this aimed for measuring something?” asked smart Humik.
“Of course. But first let me ask you: Have you submitted a request for volunteering to the Air force?”
“No, sir. I’ll volunteer to some different armed force.”
Humik was cautious not to tell him to what he was really aspiring. He was afraid that the army has its own kind of tests, to check if the volunteers are too chatty or not cautious. So – talking too much might hurt his prospects for becoming a Parachutist.
“O’key,” said the man, who was young, about twenty five or eight, “you cannot be a pilot, for sure!”
“Had the metal ruler discovered that from my nervous reaction?”
The medic nodded, then approached the docs’ desk and looked into a file, headed: “Nahum Kaplansky.”
“I remember you as a good boy,” said the medic, “you had been a pupil in my brother’s class. His name is: Dovik. Do you remember him? I haven’t seen you several years. Have you moved to another town?
“I was abroad,” said Humik, “in America. For more than six years. Had not your brother told you?”
“Maybe I don’t remember,” said the medic, “But now I can tell you, that you can serve in any fighting unit,” He said and closed the file in a hurry, “The truth is, that I’m not said to tell you anything.”
“I understand,” said Humik, and the medic retreated. It was at the same moment that the two docs returned, after having finished drinking their tea and eating their cakes.
“Why are you here?” asked one of them, turning to Humik.
“You haven’t told me what to do next “ he said.
“Go home,” the doc said.
“No, Wait for me in the corridor.” said Dovik’s brother, the medic, “I would like to tell you something about Dovik.”
Humik approached fellows who were seated on a long bench and just chatting. He understood they had met here by chance, but they wanted to argue or tell their problems to each other. So they would be strengthened in their wish to be mobilized or – on the cotrary, get a dismissal.
“You have to understand,” said one of them, wishing to appear as ‘know all’, “with his health clause – he can serve as a squad store keeper and the like. Yes, even in a fighting unit. But to be a real fighter, fight face to face with the enemy – you have to be with a powerful physical capability. A stong heart, best lungs and so on. You know how many kilometers a fighter must run per day? twenty; and additional twenty- he would walk, day and night. He must know how to fire a mortar bomb, how to move a tank, how to carry a machine gun, not a light Uzi sub macine gun – that is a laughter. You have no way of retreat, that’s what they are telling you, ‘our back is turned to the sea’. Yes, our border is twelve kilometers from the Mediteranean, would you believe that?”
“You are right,” said Humik, “I know that we have only the front, no back to withdraw or maneuvre.”
“Why are you talking about retreat or maneuvre?” asked a thin chap, “Are you longing to a war? I am from a kibbuts, and I am – like my leaders- for a just peace with the Arabs. We have to listen to what Soviet Russia says about this subject.”
“War is more likely than peace,” said another one, “I can’t disregard the journalists writing about that. The situation here is serious; the one who won’t understand that – is deluding himself. Like you”- he pointed on the guy, who had talked before, “You are from Hashomer Hatsair Kibbuts, aren’t you? You think you’ll bring the peace piegon by smearing salt on its wings.”
“I see you are a great strategist.” Humik told him.
“Don’t think I always agree with what our government and army commanders are doing. Sometimes I see, that things are done wrongly, improperly. For example: closing whole Arab locations. Every time the Arabs want to travel in a bus from Nazareth to Haifa, for example – they have to register, and beg a special License from a military Ruler, so they call it.”
“Generally – you seem to be a patriot,” said Humik.
“It’s not a wonder,” he said, “I have twenty friends in the army, in various units. We have been raised from childhood in a kibbuts. When my friends come to vacatrion- they explain me exactly – what happens around us. They know it from a first source. Due to them I‘m madly in love with this small country.”
“I have the same solidarity problem.” said another.
“I don’t believe in that,” told them Humik, “I think it’s all a matter of your personal character, or ‘born with’ case. For example: I have a friend, who was raised like me, same street same town. His mother was in the holocaust. He had come a few months ago to America – and would refuse to return to Israel, to be mobilized. It’s true, that I have in my mind more letters and books and abstract ideas than him. But has that to do with loving your native land? A sentiment is a complicated matter, I say.”
“So, you have really come from America- to join the army?”
Humik nodded and twelve eyes (there were fourteen around) were gazing at him in wonder, and even in worship.
“Maybe one day you’ll regret it. Or you won’t have that chance.”
“Oh, God will save us all,” said a guy wearing a cap, who was sitting at the edge of the bench, “With God’s help, nothing bad will happen.”
“I am sure, that from now on I am chained to this ground,” said Humik, “If you ask me why, I’ll explain it as a psychological sickness, not yet defind so by Psychiatrists. I am a coward hero. Having an aspiration to be like my father, who’d got killed as a soldier in the second world war.”
The listeners were silent for some seconds.
“Yes, it’s natural that your heart is repeatedly pounding like a drum,” said another guy, “and you that want to continue listening to its monotonous tempo. My brother was killed in an operation a year ago, and the army refuses to mobilize me, for the time being. My parents told me: Do what you want. So, I’ll join the infantry, I hope so.”
“You tell yourself a sentence, like an Indian Mantra: Never desert a land, that your loved ones had been killed for it.”
“It’s not so reasonable to say that,” said the antagonistic Kibbuts’ guy, “because the Jews did not have, also in the far past – fixed and recognized border lines in this historical country. I have passed first year of history studies in the university, and I know. But the army has not allowed me to continue studying. They need me in a rotten office. My health clause is problematic.” Humik discerned that the medic with the ‘Panic Checking Ruler’ was approaching him.
“I have an idea,” he said to Humik, “I will tell my brother Dovik, that you, Nahumik- would like to join the Parachuters. He will be soon mobilized to the coming NAHAL (Hebrew word for Fighters Pioneers Youths) units. They are a group of fifteen friends or so, who will pass together the parachuting course. It will be after they’ll be a year in a ‘Seed settlemnet’ near the border.”
“Are there other ex-pupils from our old school?” asked Humik.
“Of course, most of them. And you’ll recognize them.”
“It will be very interesting for me.” said Humik, “I’ll happily
listen to what they would tell, and maybe join them. I have no society here yet. I know here only one girl, who had been in New York. She is not my personal girl friend.”
“O’key,” said the ruler owner, “how could Dovik contact you?”
“Here is my address in Tel Aviv. He can write to me. And here I write a phone Number of a Café. Its owner would tell me.”
Humik wrote a note with his details, and departed from his friend’s brother.

Two weeks afterward Humik found himself among the ex-pupils of his class from elementary school. With them there were other guys and teenager girls that he had known from other schools, or had not known in the past at all. They were meeting in Dovik’s parents’ house, and the small living room was narrow to contain them. So, a few were seated in the corridor and listening to a speech of ‘the scouts movement’s district leader’.
He was wearing a blue shirt with a green broad narrow kerchief arounf his neck. His eliptic narrow glasses were flashing every time he was changing his gaze to another sub-group seated before him. He was holding his speech while standing:
“So, you will be a group tightly connected with our movement, to settle in a deserted place, called : Nehusha. I still can’t give you many details about it, but it’s in the south of Jerusalem. You will strengthen the areas near a place called Beit Guvrin, Arab ex-territory named: Bet Jubrin. You will be creating there what we call: ‘a Seed’. It is a new place of young people devoted to each other. Like a seed of wheat – it will insert roots into the ground, send green leaves to the air around… O’key? We – together with the army, want to establish this village as a semi-military position: It will take control of the area between Lakhish district and Jerusalem. Today the border there is breached every night: Infiltraitors come in, Jordaian Arabs or Palestinians.”
“For how long will be our service there?” asked Dovik.
“First you’ll pass a regular recruiting period in the Army, of four months; then you’ll climb these hills of Nehusha, and stay there for a year or more. You may be called for a second service period after that. But whoever will decide, and I hope that all of you – will continue building this Kibbuts and be its settlers for many years to come, after their army service.”
Nahumik- so was his name known to most of his friends there, was happy to hear all these details. They would meet his expectation, as after one year of settlemnet – most of the guys will volunteer to get into a parachutists special group. It will be comprised by the ‘Seeds’ members, so he had been told. Yes, there is a difference between him and most of the other guys: He knows for sure, that he wouldn’t stay with them after his army service. He won’t become a farmer like his father had been. He is ready to work there for a year, but not more. However, Humik began to like his new friends. They are together a nice group that will establish a small ‘community-seed’. ‘The question is – what will happen from now on?’ said Humik to himself, ‘Maybe I myself will change my mind, after observing that the place would become a real paradise… So, I will stay there for long… I have yet to pass a restless journey till I arrive to that bridge of ending my army service. It will last- together with the Seed’s service – two and half years.’
‘My parents’, he told himself on his way back to his room, ‘would be frightened to hear what I have decided: Become a parachutist, and almost at the same time go back to live as a farmer. They had left everything behind, and here I am- consciously and voluntarily throwing myself back to an ancient, primitive way of life. “Have you ever seen such a silly-stupid young man?” would my Mom ask her husband, irritatingly… 
It is a gentle aim for one’s life: to settle on a deserted land, like Nature had created it; that means: to change the landscape, or the shape of the ‘deserted for thousands of years’ land, by sowing some vegetables and planting olive or fig trees over there. Is it idealistic or crazy or both?’
‘No’, Humik suddenly said to himself, and reshuffled his thoughts. ‘I know for sure I won’t be living with this group after my army service. And many of them won’t be attached forever to that place Nehusha, too. It’s a tough effort, and the guys have parents and brothers and other friends, that would entreat them not to remain, but come back home or learn something in university. In fact, their situation would be like mine. That’s a way in which human beings are wandering…’ 
A Student of what profession I would like to be? In America I thought about management and promotion of actors and arts in general. I cannot now tell now exactly I expect from myself to study further. Maybe I’ll take modern literature and Journalism, or social work, if they have it here, in Jerusalem University. I am thinking too much forward…”
A day after that, Humik received a letter from his parents. ‘They had just wanted’, he told himself while reading it, ‘to purify their conscience. To think that they had fulfilled their parental duty, and told me to do this or that. If I won’t do what they ask – they won’t be responsible about the results. Well, I agree that only I myself am responsible for my success and failure.”
“You will find out in the future,” wrote Solomon, “Humik dear, that it’s very recommended to live without being brave. Had my son Elkano understood it- he would not have been in the grave, with his best comrades… The most important thing in life is – realizing your selfish wish to survive. But don’t declare it in public. Teachers, educators, commanders, politicians, Rabbis, and all others ‘Denying the Human Truth’, just would dislike to hear that,( though to their family members they would sometime advice to restrain, not rush out to be in the first line of fighters). That egotisic truth does not meet their hypocrite sayings and their self egotism, that they have developed during the years. And by whose help?- By cursed patriotism, which the army is its best realiser, if I may call it so.. .You certainly know that:
The army is a cunning type of creature, a sonofabitch – that is being permanently created by the kinds of personalities that I’ve mentioned. They are all trying to ‘develop and enrich’ the ground of eighteen years old youths, who are called to serve them – by a cruel, barbaric law. In these guys- the hormonal activity, their ‘heart and mind and testicle’ activity, called ‘emotion’- is in its climax. Therefore they have an unending energy mixed with with an enormous feeling of love to everything- except their parents, maybe. Every minute they aspire and desire to unite with girls, friends, commanders, nativeland, nation, God. They reach a crazy propensity and preparedness to sacrifice themselves for all the mentioned words, which they consider as ‘values’. Had I believed in God, I would have begged him: ‘As a first step to repair your bloody world, please please stop this horrible phenomemon.’ Have you understood what I mean, Humik?”
Then Humik meditated about the terrible situation, in which he is chained to a belief about the vital necessity of his homeland to his soul. It had grown in him since being raised in a small town; it had developed in the first ten years of his wandering life. Yes, sometimes he thinks about himself as still a boy, innocently trying to idealize the simple concept of Goodness. ‘Of course I know that most of it is impossible to be realized.’ he says to himself, ‘But if so – am I ready to be caught by moments, in which I can run out from that – like I have done by the refreshing adventure with Raphaella? Now it seems to me – like I had intentionally escaped from my innocence, and closed myself in a bubble. My alter-ego told me that death is waiting me soon, while I had known I should go forth to Israel.’



CHAPTER 33


At that time Naitty Freulich led his business in a seemingly well paved passagel. Raphaella would arrive to the Grocery store four days a week. In the evenings, the couple would climb to the Gallery on the second floor and lie on the mattresse and make love. At their sides there were spices’ envelopes and juices’ bottles and dried beans’ packages. Not far from these were also
Juta sacks of flours and paper packets of milk powder.
Naity would smile to himself, saying: There is Jewish Prayer: ‘Listen O’Israel on the Bed’. I’m doing that very well recently.
Blessed be Raphaella. She is quite considerate, and does not complain about the peculiar circumstances and surounding that make our burning love become possible. I am saving a lot of rent payment by not hiring a room. With the old Freulichs and Effy I could not have lived, as the place there is very narrow. In the first month after my demobilization, I was sleeping there in the bathroom. Thank God, now I’m on the right path, dwelling here. Sometimes there would come a mouse to my mattresse, but I’ve bought some ‘cage trap’, that I put a piece of sausage in it- and here we capture it: then drawning the living animal in a bucket filled with dirty water.
“Tomorrow night we’ll go out, and see a new Musical on the Broadway, O.K.?” he asked Raphaella, who was very glad.
So, as half of their nights they had been together, at least one of these was devoted to a broad range of culture and entertainment, as she was calling it: Go out to a theatre or in a movie or attend musical event somewhere. Though Naitty hadn’t been fond of Jaz nor of Classic music, he was generous to share enjoying that with Raphaella, who was having patience enough to listen one day, so she was hoping – to the wedding march.
However, after two and half months of renewed hot relationship, Naitty became aware that he had been again buried in the ground. A small supplier, who had sold him the main products for his business, would agree to continue – only if Nathan pays cash for fifty percent of each order. Also the Bank, who had provided him loans in a high percent of interest, began to send warning letters. Then the Citizens Bank of Bronx broke Nathan’s neck, by sending gangsters to threaten him. They demanded him to pay not only his recent debts, but also old debts of his old Uncle Freulich, Effy’s father – that he could not pay off. Effy himself had become to know about his cousine’s renewed trouble. He talked again with Naitty about leaving the U.S. and emigrating to Israel. “You should have a strange impulse to leave behind – your dream about U.S. of America,” said Effy.
“I wonder, Effy,” answered Naitty, “You are not such a fanatical religious Jew. You’re non- religious at all. So, why rush there?
I’ll use that alternative only as a last resource”
“Today Israel is like a Cowboys’ land,” answered Effy. “It’s a place that a gold cover is wrapping a patriotic nationalistic package. The one who is ready to go to the South of the country, -Negev, can double his investment within a year, so I was told.”
“No, dear cousine. S h e does not agree to move. I’ve already spoken to her. And without her – my life is damned and doomed. I always remember that she is a delegate of Hashem (Hebrew word for God). As had been written in ‘Kabala book of the Ari’- Raphaella would be Lilith; but the good one, not the negative.”
One day Effy decided to meet Raphaella. By Naitty’s approval, of course. Naitty was almost desparated. He thought, that a dialogue of Raphaella with his cousine might be a last chance to win her on his side, and so he would let him try. Effy would explain her the situation of Naitty, tell her the prossibilities open to them in Israel. He would try to convince her ‘as an objective observer’, so told him his cousine to tell her.
“You have to understand,” Effy told Raphaella, while he met her in a café, “that Israel today is a very normal and secure country, having a potential of long run huge prosperity. It’s not at all the terrible country which you would read about in the papers.”
“I don’t believe you,” she said, and regretted that she had come to meet this primitive guy, a guard and guide in a Brothel.
“Last week I have met a smart Israeli,” he said, “It was in an office of the Israeli Embssy here. His name was Raanan Weitz. He told us, a group of interested guys, about a project he was leading- to establish a ‘cowboys like’ farm. It will be with horses, cows and sheep and goats- in the Negev. The Jewish Agency would finance the settlers. I want to join that group. You and Naitty can take another Project, there are plenty.”
“I don’t envision myself living in an uncivilized desert, O’key?” Raphaella opposed him.
“Look,” said Effy, “You don’t imagine what a magnificient climate is there. D’you know, that the weather is almost stable all the year? In winter- you hardly ever have to wear a coat or a pair of boots. Another issue that I want to remind you, is that Naitty is an expert in marketing business. They don’t have there enough products yet, lacking foreign exchange. But now the economic situation has changed, as the Government and also private smart people – get compensation monies from Germany. This will repent the Nazi killings – or at least their cruel robbery in the Hollocaust.”
“Effy, enough, I am tired of talking about that emigration. I have discussed everything with Naitty. Thank you for meeting me.”
She rose nervously from her seat, and wanted to go away.
Effy grabbed her by her arm and forced her to stay.
“Sit down!” his voice was threatening, “You know I know many things about you, that nobody knows; even not Naitty. Now, you should understand, that a return to your old profession, be a whore again – is worse than emigration to Israel! Don’t you see that? I speak for your well being. We are both Jews, Raphaella.”
“Let me go,” she rose again from her chair, her face tortured:
“I’ll tell Naitty what dirty words you had used, to insult me! I would die – but wouldn’t go there. I’m an atheistic Jewess, and I am not a Zionist either. I can’t agree that a Jewish woman like me should go elsewhere to suffer! Why has Naithan sent you?”
Effy tried again to hold her; she slapped his cheek and ran away.
“Raphaella’s answer was extremely negative,” Effy told Naitty.
In the next day Raphaella met her lover. Naitty told her that he had been trying to take out goods from the store, as much as possible. He put the boxes under a shed in Freulich courtyard.
“I must lock this store,” he said, “and my uncle has to sell the fixed property and remainder of goods – to the one who will offer the best price. It’s under control of the Court. But don’t think I have nothing now. I’ve saved ten thousands Dollars in cash, and I’ll sell the hidden stock and get more.”
Effy was just happy about his cousine’s re-entanglement. Now his dream to come with Naitty to Israel will be realized. Raphaella is a big problem. He is crazyy about her. It’s not a simple situation. Today, he says, he visited the young Lubabitzer Rabbi in his Synagogue. Even though Naitty does not appreciate him as a great man, but as an excellant ads expert ( ‘the shrewd Rabbi simply copies from the explanations of Rashi, the greatest middle ages Explanator of the Jewish Bible and Talmud. Lubabitzer is a repetitor, and nothing else,’- Naitty was saying)- he went to listen to his advice what to do. The Rabbi told Naitty that he should not force his future wife, Raphaella- to emigrate with him; instead – he should get into a ‘Yeshiva’-Talmud school in Cincinati or somewhere else, for the time being. Raphaella should bear a baby there, after having married. It’ll all be on the Rabbi’s account… ‘In this way,’ said Effy, ‘I myself will be in a deeper pit. May God or the Devil put a new refusal idea in Raphaella’s mind. She should contradict that alternative too. And Naitty would soon find out, how stupid was the idea – to get into learning with a group in Yeshiva… He is such a brilliant businessman, who can’t live a week without planning some smart and complicated transaction. No, it wouldn’t become to be a reality, the Rabbi’s proposal… I have had reasonable hopes regarding Naitty. He could initiate marvellous financial transactions, almost miracles. I’m his fan…’



CHAPTER 34


“Dear Nathan, let me think.” said Raphaella to her sweetheart, after he had revealed to her his bloodshedding heart, his difficult economic situation, the almost dead end of his efforts.
“I must relax a little.” Raphaella’s voice was weak, “Let me have a week rest, in order to recover from this hit or shit, and think about a solution. I must have rest. The doc has givrn me some drops of Valerian drug, against my irregular heart beats.. I’ll let you know my answer to your proposal, regarding the Rabbi’s Yeshiva. I’m sure we’ll get together… I am really sick.”
“No!” shouted Naitty, “ I need an answer now, regarding Israel!”
He was grabbing her right hand’s fingers, and then smoothed his touch, even like caressing; then he pressured her tightly again.
“Even if you announce that your nerves net is torn, and that your physical strength and psychological power are lost… ”shouted Naitty, “and your orgastic pleasure becomes zero… I mean, for joining me even to Paradise. I am not ready to get any argument against my proposal regarding Israel. Not the Yeshiva”.
She was weeping: “I know that you hope to trick something in order to get back here. To civilized America, to the heart and mind of culture. But … I have suffered enough in my life. You know that, Nathan.”
“I’m adamant, that you will be coming with me to the Holy land, Raphaella. I know your fears; but they’ll vanish. You will be wearing there the ormanented kerchief. I don’t ask you… an immediate shave of your hairs. You will lit Sabbath candles, not like here, that you’ve done it for me, as you said… You know how a Yiddish Maidl(maiden) should behave. With God’s help- all that will change our fate. The greatness of God’s belief had been engraved deeply in my mind, and now even more: Not in vain – the Jews have survived alive- as individuals and as a nation, for three thousand years. D’you imagine? It’s impossible that our fathers and forefathers and their forefathers – had been mistaken thousands of years, and were praying for naught, to empty skies!? Without anything inside it!? They were not stupid, all those Jews. Even though I agree, that some were and are nowaday. But it’s a personal luck, that God has created us in this manner. And that personal luck can… luckily be changed, all at once. Have you understood the deep thoughts, that I have just expressed?”
She rolled her eyes, for fear and amazement.
“Let me go… home, Naitty,” she mumbled, “I can’t think now in sanity... regarding our new situation.”
He held her right hand very tightly, and his strong fingers were like a metal plyer pressuring and biting her flesh. Then he pulled her to his chest and turned her body and hand around, with her buttocks toward him, aching her by the curvy pull. She cried and screamed.
“I must leave America immediately, and you’ll come with me.” Naitty shouted. His voice was threatening, and his eyes were suddenly searching around. She didn’t guess what.
“I am not ready,” she spoke harshly, because of pain, “to hear you talk like that, Nathan! You have suddenly changed the tone of talking to me. You have been – till now- so considerate, quite gentle; so good talking, so humane. I had been your angel, so you’re telling me. What’s happened to you? I, who had been hurt so much by men, who used my good heart and my sense of giving and assisting and all the plenty of goodness and pretiness and pitiness that God had planted in me… But I believe in a Universal God, not in the narrow minded Jewish one.”
“You offend God, saying that!” Naitty roared.
“ I’ve told that also to Effy. Am I not allowed to have my own belief? I don’t need a Holy Land for God, and especially not Israel, that is so far, and full of misery and problems. I read the newspapers. You and your Effy.. .AYYYYYUYEY! You believe to your half-mongoloid half-outist cousin?”
“You’ll come with me to that land, where God’s spirit is really felt. There is the best place for worshipping Him!”
“We’ll see that,” she said, and yelled again from pain, as Naitty has turned her again, now was re-facing her. He put his leg in between her legs, and by a short push caused her to fall on the rough wooden floor of the Gallery.
“Nathan, I know you need money.” She mumbled while he kneeled beside her. “Let me… take a taxi and bring you two thousand bucks or more. It’ll help you, I’m sure.”
“No! You don’t take any step without me, from now on.” he said very vehemently, and his leg on her was aching, as adding force to his oral order.
“I’ll buy today two sailing tickets to Israel. You’ll wait me here, in closed door. Then we’ll go together to your room, you’ll take the money there – and we’ll stay here again, till the sail.”
“Naitty, I suddenly don’t recognize you. What happened to you?
How aren’t you ashamed of yourself? I was your sex slave for at least seven or eight months. What has gone wrong in your head? A financial situation can improve, and you’re full of capability in that. Please hear me, Nathan! Are you on hard drugs?”
She was looking straight into his eyes, and saw some mad-bad omen there; but she was still hoping to make him sane again.
He was now kneeling beside her. In his palm was a Rafia wire, that he had found near some of his sacks around. He was encircling that wire around her legs, and she was dumb, being shocked. Then he rounded her ankles by another wire.
Raphaella did not move. Her heart was melting from fear and her mind was obscure. Naitty had taken two additional wires, and by them he tied her two hands, close to her palms. That hurt her and caused pains again. She had tried to rise up, but he pushe her back, his lips filled with foam, and his fingers trembling but forceful. Raphaella spat him twice by his face. While he was still kneeling, he slapped her cheeks four times and then grabbed her hips. He was rising with her, while his strong hands tightened her body to his belly and chest and strong feet. Raphaella was feeling that he was going to do something he’d regret about; and she was regretting, she had not thought about that beforehand.
She tried to mumble ‘well well, I’ll do every … thing’ – but his red eyes, burning with a dark hatred and asking revenge, had a message that this time he won’t listen any more. He moved her on the air to right and left, in parallel to the floor, as hesitating what to do. Then he advanced her head to his, to look at her face and terrified beautiful eyes. He was still embracing her body – and was folding her – by his strong arms, tightly around his hips. He raised her again, and was carrying his trembling swooning sweetheart toward the narrow steps, leading from the Gallery to the store’s first floor.
He suddenly threw his sweetheart from the Gallery down, without a second thought. There were twelve stairs under him, covered with a red carpet. A roar of her skull crush was heard as a thunder. Naitty was looking down and shouting in English toward the far body:
“You bitch, you deserve it! You, Devil’s dicsciple!” Then he said in Hebrew, with his American accent: “Hashem (God) has done that to you. and he’s done that to me. too! I am… to nowhere. No… I’ll not jump. I am a delegate, I’m a messenger! A voice is coming with a message from Heaven: ‘And a Redeemer will come to Zion, to the repentents of Jacob’s people’. You, woman, had refused to repent, and end your sins. Revenge! God is revenging his enemies! Revenge!”
Naitty’s felt jolted. He had already bolted down the steps, continuing to mumble his previous calls, that he had been learning in Heider (religious classroom) years ago, in a Jewish Ashkenzi accent. Firstly, he put Raphaella’s legs into two empty sacks of wheet flour. For a second he discerned her bleeding head, that had been put aside stranegly, and he avoided looking at it any more. Her blood was filling around a small pool of the red liquid, and Naitty tried to wrap the whole head with a small empty white sack of Matzeh flour. It had soon become red, and he moved the corpse a little and was putting the whole head into another sack. Then he rushed back to a corner, and brought two bigger empty sacks and strong ropes. He pushed her feet into one of them, and to another one he pushed Raphaella’s whole upper body, including her wrapped head by the smaller sacks.
He noticed that her belly and hips had not been hidden well: Her thick leather belt, ornamented with small golden starlets and anchors, was seen in the middle. ‘Oh, that’s not important,’ he mumbled. He was feeling the icy sweat stinging his back and chest and legs, and the swift pounding blood pressure in his temples. He tightened the sacks to the corpse by circling ropes around and connecting them. Then he opened the store’s entry door, and peeped out. He saw the yellow light of the street’s electric lamps, and some green light coming from an illuminated electric ad of a pharmacy.
All the buildings around, blocks and offices and stores, were silent, as dumb and deaf. The time was ten p.m. and he decided he shouldn’t wait. He knew that there had been a swimming pool in the neighborhood. It would be closed by Juta cloths, he said to himself. They avoid waving winds to come in.
Naitty decided to walk towards that place.
“If I succeed to drag Raphaella, be her memory blessed,” he just thought, “to that place, I’ll be safe. I can throw her to the water. Hopefully th pool is still filled with water. I’ve never enterd it, now I must… I should not call a taxi for that. Any stupid driver would know what is such a load. O’key, I must fix some long planks along the corpse, and drag it myself to the pool. So, go forward! If somebody discerns me, he’ll think I’m a poor construction worker, forced by his employer to work late… Well, my brain is still promptly active, by God’s command. For better or for worse.”
He went outside, locked the store and was stepping forward, trying not to be heard. Forty or fifty steps from the store, there was a Bulldozer parking in an almost empty square. Around it were scattered sacks of cement and some brown bricks. Then he saw a pile of planks, each one as long as a man’s height, at least. Naitty was smiling to himself, taking under each of his two elbows three or four planks. He started to walk with them, and was feeling an enormous force driving him back to the store. He thought that he could insert them into the ropes fastened around the sacks, and in that way the corpse would be well hidden.
When he got back into the store, he lit the electric light again, and looked over the sacks on the floor. He kneeled toward the corpse and listened if he could hear something coming out of its chest. The soft touch of his beloved one’s breast, made him mad. He began to shout: ‘Oy Vey,’ and rose up. But soon he was patiently tying the planks to the corpse, one by one. ‘Thank God’ – He mumbled, “that she had kept a thin, sexy figure. Very well. It won’t be a heavy load. God’ll help. I’ll just begin dragging.”
He opened the door again and looked outside. Nobody was there, as before, and he was taking out all his load to the curvy sidewalk near the store. He recalled that he had not locked the door. He put the load down and rushed to the store and locked it.
‘Enough’ he said to himself, ‘I won’t stop dragging until I arrive to the pool and finalize my task.’
Salty foam was filling Naitty’s mouth, while he was walking on his way, with the planks hiding the load underneath. His breath had become heavier from the carrying effort, and from the fear of being discovered. ‘God, help me to pass this path safely, as you had helped Jacob to pass Yabok passage, and afterward he fought against a bad man and succeeded.’ He slowed down, to search for a plain straight path, that the dragging noise won’t be heard. He was feeling again the dirty sweat creeping on his skin, mixed with some lime dust or cement powder bubling on the air. He calmed himself: “Only more two hundred meters… still … I hope the place would be open, or I’ll find some breach. For me – it’s nothing. In Korea I’ve found a sack of rice in a locked courtyard. I had the pliers then, and soon succeeded to have an easy cut of the fence’s iron net. Oh, what an idiot am I? I haven’t taken the pliers with me, though I had known I should need it. I see a small shed there. I’ll store the corpse under it.”
He rushed back with a pounding heart. After having found what he had wanted, he came back breathing heavily. He was afraid that somebody would find the corpse, but it was lying there in the same manner that he had left it. He touched again Raphaella’s belt, which was a ‘siezing point’ for carrying her, pressed by the planks – along the way toward the swimming pool. He moand, and could not avoid a short weep, then strengthened himself. He found himself with his load beside the fence. He cut it from top to bottom, and was staring already at the pool. Dark water had been filling only half of its height. As Naitty saw that, he said ‘well’, and dragged his victim to hide behind a huge cactus planted nearby. After disconnecting the planks from the ropes, he threw the wrapping sacks as far as he could. Then he was undressing his sweethert’s body, soon embracing and kissing Raphaella’s breast, but not looking at the horrible sight of her head and skull that were still wrapped. He dragged the naked corpse twenty steps, looking into the darkness around him, till he arrived to the water. ‘Blood is not bleeding from the corpse any more, well.’ So he told himself, with a thought that the devil had caused him this queer dance with the bare corpse… 
Naithan took out the sacks from the corpse head, and threw the young woman bare body to the water. She had long sateen hair, her skull was blown up, her perfumes were still smelling from her dead body. He had a strange feeling that the prettiest of all girls that he had seen in his life, is again asking him, her sweetheart, to penetrate to her caves and conquer her holes… A Flopflopflok noise was heard from the water. The man Naitty looked around in great fear. There had been no one around, and he walked back through the breach he had created just a fw minutes before.
I’ll tell Effy, he said to himself, that we will take a flight. He‘ll cancel the sail, if he had ordered a ship for us. ‘El Al’ is a good flying Company. It’s ticket much more expensive than a ship’s, but I must hurry to the Savior’s land.. No, that is a Christian idiom. The Saving Country, that will rescue me from the troubles… My name is Nathan, which in Hebrew means: ‘has given’, God has given me the rescue. And Freulich in Yiddish is ‘joy’… A joy of God’s believers. Symbolic names.



CHAPTER 35


The recruit Naum Kaplansky arrrived in the Recruits Reception and Mobilization Camp, received a personal military number, a kitbag, one pair of ‘complete shoes’, Khaki uniform, a khaki beret, and some othert personal belongings like underwears and Mess-tins(urensils). He was soldiered to one of the most poor armies in the world, using old rifles from WW2, three types of worst tanks, five types of old artillery canons. But it had relatively new French Airfighters, that were the best and most efficient of all the said weapons; and Humik had known that he wouldn’t have anything with them.
Three days was Humik in that camp, which was full of young civilians and soldiers walking there together, and searching for the best army dresses that would fit their own height and/or width, but of course in vain. In the fourth day there came a military truck, that took thirty ‘fresh flesh’ for the killing machine – to the camp of Beit Daras in the south of the country, about an hour drive from the country’s center.
They came to the recruits’ training camp, which was said to strengthen their muscles and fill air in their lungs and make their heart a strong pounding machine, and cause their feet to run as fast as a horse’s ones, and very important: cause them feel that everybody must concentrate on his only target, and to forget the imaginative world in which he had lived before.
‘You will pass here a few very intensive grey months; but in the future you will be longing for them, because you’d know that you had given here your utmost, your juice, your sweat. Hopefully not your flesh and blood; well said. But you are a recruit, a pissed off liquid, a tired animal, expected at any moment to fall to the ground. You’ll always be active, operative, quick moving. You’ll be climbing –passing – running –limping –penetrating–bursting-folding–kneeling-bending-creeping-etc.
A full list of all of the private soldier’s detailed tasks and activities can be found in Training Book number wx125 in the Military Officers’ Library, if you madly want to have a look… 
‘But what you want and need most of all’ Humik thought-‘ that ‘they’ will let you lie down and get rest, like in the NY Cellar, beside dear Raphaella, the damned looking girl. She had accomplished the promotion course already. I hope Nathan has permitted her to do that. She had still time left to marry him. But what’s burning for such a couple to marry? I heard that among our comrades here, no recruit has been married. They say, that our young officer, Lieutenant Amikam, is already married, but his wife is not allowed to visit him here: His superior commander prohibits anyone of his stuff to meet anybody from outside, even on Saturdays. h’s like an acrobat, Amikam. He demanded from us to perform only what he himself could demontrate to us: a fast climbing on ropes hanging on and between timber pillars, slipping on the Omega stretched ropes for one hundred meters; running into a pit and jolting to get out and getting into mud; and before all that – smear your face and hands with coaled powder.’
“You should cheer up, don’t be sore,” so said tall Israel Moshavnik to tired Humik. Moshavnik’s father wasn’t a simple person, so were telling all the Group members to each other. ‘He is a friend of the special units commander, Arik’.
Humik’s recruits’ small unit -ten men- direct commander was sargeant David Nizmy, born in Tunis. But after a while there suddenly came an order from the high command, that he should be replaced. Why? Lieutenant Amikam, who was sitting on one of the mess’ tables, his long ornamented stick in hand, explained that very simply to the tired recruits: “They need him somewhere else. I know he was excellent and you loved his singing while marching at night. He taught me also the poem and song ’at that night, without light, how nice were your pigeon eyes’, and so on. Villensky and Zeira had written it. Now you’ll sing it by yourselves.” But what Amikam had not known was, that Nizmy told his recruits that they could hand a written protest to the High Command, if they were feeling that something very very bad had happened to one of them, that their commander was a real sadist or that some commander had given them an unlawful order, something scandalous. For example: Killing innocent citizens, or even cattle or hens that belong to the enemy… 
Humik’s training team got second ensign Salom Levy instead of Nizmy. Some of the recruits had known the guy from Haifa. Before being mobilized, he was selling Fallafel food on Carmel Mount, near theater cinema Hadar. How had the army changed such a simple guy and made him a commander of recruits, that still cannot differentiate between left and right?
Really, Humik had not been hurt while Levy was training with them a bursting attack over a high sandy hill. But recruit Eli Tabakh shouted to his comrades, that his commander had almost shot his leg. “I’ll submit an official complaint about him,” he shouted, and the second ensign had heard, “I still feel the buzz of the shooting bullet under my shoe-sole.”
Then came a sudden stormy raining day, and the recruits were deeply plunged into mud. When returning to their tents, they thought thay would sleep calmly, just listening under two blankets to the nice rainfall. But all of a sudden they were feeling they were floating on a pool, and everything had become wet. So they squeezed the water out of the blankets and went to some deserted place, a small Arab ex-village nearby, whose houses’ walls were having holes caused by training artillery forces. In the rest of that night they were sleeping there very densed, touching each other, while seated on the hollowed cement floor. There was not enough place to lie in that stormy-rainy night in such a forgotted corner of the universe.
The coming weeks were better. Winter had almost become to an end, and the recruits were attacking many ground targets in screams, shooting bullets and throwing handgrenades. One soldier was also bombing the unseen enemy from a two inches’ mortar shell, to make it look and heard like a real battle.
But then had ended the chapter of fighting-like-in-the-films, and began the sand eating chapter, while ‘navigating in singles or in couples’ at night, and so on. At that time Leutenant Amikam came to a visit, and the recruits demanded him to replace the ‘Fallafel Ex-seller’, who became sick due to the bad weather.
There was a tumult, and Officer Amikam told them to be quiet.
“Enough, kids.” he said, this time his stick had changed to a whip, which he waved in the air, “Let the kinderkeeper speak: You’ll move from here to the ‘Seeds’ within a month. Have patience to the end of your period.”


PART 4



CHAPTER 36


In the week that Humik started his training in the Negev – on the dunes and along wadis, Nathan Freulich began building his new business in Israel. He was assisted by his cousine Effy, and first they invested some amount of money in hiring a store in southern Tel Aviv. Then they made a research in what products they would be trading. Naitty had known from his old grocery store’s commerce, that people wanted to be fed by products they had been familiar with; especially in what they were used to eat in their mothers’ homes. He understood that the horizon is not so fine; it is barred by beaurocrates who would refuse to supply you foreign exchange for buying abroad everything you want. The state of Israel’s economy was then very poor, based mainly on agriculture, small stores, light industry, and hiring people by the Government: getting them have a desk or letting them dig and cover pits – for the sake of registrating them as employed. Yes, there was also more productive employment: Some were handed shovels, for planting woods on hills and on mountains, but no one was expecting a fruitfull harvest for years to come… .However, as Naitty understood the situation from reading the newspapers, the smart leader Ben Gurion had become aware that help should come from Germany. Its leaders had a sense of guilt about the Holocaust, and wanted to appear to other nations as repentants of what the Nazi Regime had done to the Jews. So it happened, that the Germans agreed to help the ‘embryo’ State of Israel. They provided it funds – for investment in industrial plants and in modern machinery, including transportation equipment.
As an outcome of that, Naitty was soon smelling ‘a well made transaction’. As he was moving, by bus or taxi- from one food industrial plant to another, he saw a Transporter parking near Noodles Macaroni factory. He asked the driver where’s his boss.
“I will hand him,” added Naitty, “ten thousand Dollars, that are much more than the exchangeble amount of Deutch Marks needed to buy that German DKP Transporter. Would he make a deal with me?”
“I think so. Go to him. He is called Isaac Isatzky.”
That was Naitty’s first well done deal. As he wanted to buy a Transporter, his seller Isaac had organized official papers that said: ‘XYZ Food Factory is in a need of a second Transporter for its own use’. The Israeli Government beaurocrates had stamped it, and so the original importer was XYZ, not Naitty. But Naitty immediately purchasd the vehicle, including its original papres, without a problem. All that – because no one except factory owners and ‘friends’ was allowed to get foreign currency.
The stated above method of making business was not rare at that time; but as soon as Naitty became aware of another big business problem in the country, he was decisive to solve it in his own peculiar way:
A month of travelling with the new Transporter, and supplying by it regular products, (buying them in Food factories or from Importers), had shown Naitty that he could have only a small profit as a result. So, when one day he felt a great desire to taste cattle sausage, (generally- only hens’ meat was sold in the market) he began to search for such a product. Somebody told him that the army was using a ground cattle meat, mixed with bread. It was called ‘Loof’; only that ‘kind of sausage’ was available. Naitty wondered:
“I want an irregular spiced sausage, made from a Kosher butcherd ox!” he said, ”I’d like to eat various kinds of sausages, hell !” He shouted at an acquaintant, a supplier of dried beans and lentils, who had known what meat a man could obtain. “Sausage is a rare product here, scarcely produced. There is now a food factory, that has brought new machinery: It’s from the German compensations money, to grind the meat. But that Firm has gotten a monopoly for that. So they mix the meat with bread, by that making a lot of money. Whatever, the people in this small State would hardly eat sausage, so the beaurocrates claim.”
“Well”, said Naitty, and went to those clerks. He heard that the Monopoly contract ‘could not be canclled’.
“If so,” said Naitty to Effy, “I will ask my friend in NY to offer me a price for a unit of shmock geshmak(tasty) sausage. It should cost a little bit less than ten Dollars, that is a sausage price here- when you divide the present sausage price in Israel by the official exchange rate. I’m sure, that the price in NY is much less than here; so I’ll import sausage. I know that no one will allow me to have foreign currency and a special Import License for that… And I can’t bribe anyone here, as a person who doesn’t know you long years – will be afraid… So, I will just hide my sausages, that I’ll buy in America– within Sacred books,! These are allowed to be freely imported, even not paid, as many are given as gifts to some synagogues in Israel by the orthodox Society of Kosher food in NY. So, my additioinal profit out of that – is just at hand, and great…”
“This time we should be much more cautious – than you had been in the New York Grocery,” said Effy to Naitty.
“Yes, Effy. First of all, we won’t manage a grocery store here. We will use the wonderful DKW Transporter for buying a necessary stock of products. As we have that storehouse, hired in Levinsky street, we’ll put the stock there… Am I right, Effy?”
“Of course,” said Effy, “everything that you say, I bless Amen.”
“Well. Now hear my further plan. I hear that some Ashkenazy Jews here are getting already personal compensation for the horrible crimes of the Nazies. These men dwellings are mainly in the towns’ centers, or in very new suburbs, aving high building Standard. I shall travel there to groceries, and offer also a real Kosher calb meat, not pig, God forbid…. I shall import that also from U.S., but that will take place only next year… after we will have seen what advance we’ve made with our existing supplies.”
“Take into account,” said Effy, “that we should also offer a Morrocan Kuskus to some people in the Negev. The Jews from Morroco like this yellow grind, as you like Ashkenazy Chulent.”
“O’key, I suspect thatr you take care of the Negev, after having gone there to a learn Israeli original dances, isn’t it so?”
“Yes,” said Effy, “but next Tuesday I’ll be more sure about that.”
“I wish you all the best. Don’t invlove me, I’ve two left legs.”
“I’ll remember that,” smiled Effy.
“I think we’ll have a pink future here, with God’s help. For the time being we are doing well. Only that God would give His stamp for two weddings. It’s very important, raising a family here. And it’s burning there, between our legs. Right?”
“I’m younger than you,” said Effy, “But for you it’s pressuring”. “There is a fire in there – for everyone of us,” said Naitty, “We are relatives, in flesh and blood and spirit. We are best cousins and best friends, so having a wonderfult partnership.”



CHAPTER 37


At that time Effy was really heading to the south of the country. On Tuesday evenings he would visit a dancing class, organized by Beer Sheba small municipality and district Kibbuts’ union. He would pay attention there to some pretty girls, coming to study original Israeli Popular dances, as well as Russians’ ones. No British or French or American country dances. But Effy didn’t mind. He was satisfied, that after a hard workday, loading and unloading boxes and sacks, full of many types of products, he could come to a cultural place, and try to move his tired limbs and uplift his spirit.
At first he was standing aside, looking at the girls, who were braver than guys, in trying to make some movements – listening to the guide woman and to the music that was bursting loudly from the electric recorder.
While his eyes were trying to hunt a certain girl’s eyes, he saw her girl friend slipping, and falling on the floor. Effy stretched his hand to her, and helped her to rise. She thanked him, and he opened a conversation, that seemed to him to be promising. He asked her politely how was her feeling after the fall.
She said: ”Very well. And thanks again”. He continued to ask if she had come alone.
She said: “No, with my girl friend, Etty”.
And so the ‘acquaintance went further on’, and the girl invited Effy to visit her home one day. Maybe she had done so, after having become to know his Hebrew strange accent and way of speaking, which indicated that he had been a foreigner.
At that time, as well as nowadays – an American was a highly respected personality in Israel. Girls had been used to (and had the right to) think that most of Americans were rich and so on, though it had not been the full truth. Knowing that Hedwa (this was her name) was the only girl who had shown any interest in talking with him, Effy’s head was filled with pride. On thursday he brought Hedwa a present of milk chocolate packet. He had found out that except her, also her old father was in the house. He was a religious Jew from Tunis or Moroco. Effy didn’t care, and accepted to wear a cap that Hedwa handed him, ‘as a gesture for her father, who would see an American guy, who was well educated and not ignorant of Judaism or whatever…’
Effy told Hedwa he was distributing food and sweets all over the Negev and center of the country. He was quite satisfied with what he was doing. His cousin was working with him, he added. After an additional short talk, Effy discovered that Hedwa was a sister of the well known singer Semadar, one of the ‘Girlsingers’.
“Let me try to talk English with you,” said Hedwa in Hebrew, ”My sister, who had visited the States not long ago, told me how important was the English language. I want to study some words, in addition to what I know. I have finished six classes at school, and we have not learned a lot.”
“I’ll be very glad, and speak slowly,” said Effy, “But we will talk also Hebrew, to help me elaborate what I need.”
He understood that Hedwa had been raised by a good and honest and modest family. Though she was living far from Tel Aviv, and it would be quite an effort of two hours drive to see her, Effy decided to court her: His joint business with Naitty was extending activity in the south. He began to like Hedwa’s way of talking and smiling and looking at him, and it was enjoying for him to answer her questions about his parents:
“I have parents, of course. I am their only son, and they are feeling quite lonely now.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.” said Hedwa.
“When I’ve heard about your big family,” said Effy,”I understood what an advantage it had been to all involved. I’m lucky to I have a cousin here, Nathan, who is my business partner.”
“Both of us are sore,” he added, “that we have left my parents behind. They are his uncle and aunt… But… It’s not awful. I mean – their financial condition. They are living comfortably.”
Effy understood that Hedwa’s mercy had been wrapped him already, and she was interwaving her fingers with his, and advanced her loins to his.
“My sister will be here with the Singingirls,” she said, “So we’ll go out together to see their Show. O’key?”
“Of course,” he said and she wrote a note with the exact date and hour, and handed it to Effy.
“I’ll come with Naitty’s Transporter to pick you up,” he smiled.
“Would you bring your cousin too?”
“He has some suppliers here, that he would like to talk to. We have already spoken about the target of my travel.”
“What target?” she asked.
“You are my target, dear Hedwa. You!” he laughed and she joined him in that.
“I know that the vehicle is owned by him,” she said. “But you don’t be frustrated because of that, Effy. I am sure that you’ll buy also a new one to yourself. It will be even better than his.”
“O’key,” said Effy.
“If Naitty would be happy to help you,” she said, “He is a good man. Well, you are welcome, Effy.”
“Thank you again.”
“But it bothers me,” she suddenly said, “that your parents are there alone, without a family. I would have brought them here to Israel.”
“No, they are too old for this hard country and difficult climate. But rich people like them, you know. They are very rich, and can afford themselves even…to be going to Florida in summertime, and so on.”
“But they will be dead to see you, I’m sure.”
“One day – maybe you’ll see them here,” said Effy, “They will come to a visit I am sure. Or maybe you will travel to America.”
“Of course,” she said, “I hope that one day I will be there, and see wonderful things. But they are a kind of parsimoniuos persons, aren’t they? If they had sent you here, to work so hard.”
“No, I am an ethical kind of man. I wouldn’t dare to take a lot from my old people. I have come here as I’m a traditional guy. Not so religious, but God Believer. A prayer for me is a prayer, and preferrably where we’re close to God, here... If you take my cousin as an example, he is a much more religious person than myself. He’s an orthodox Jew. Therefore we’ve both arrived here. Naitty had once manged a part of my parents’ business. Because of his extraordinary religiousity- he decided to emigrate to the Holy Land… Now they have found another Jewish manager, instead of him.”
After listening to Effy’s pride about his family, Hedwa was pushing her breast even more tightly to his arm and shoulder. Now Effy said:
“There is a little problem with Naitty. He is almost thirty, and having here no girlfriend yet, he… “
“It would have been well – if we could find some girl fit for him,“ she said. “Look, I would talk to my sister. Maybe she can find a spare ticket for next week’s Show here, which Naitty would also attend… No. I’m sorry. She has too much friends, begging to have tickets- free of charge… ”
“We could try to to find tickets for the Show in Tel Aviv, of next month,” said Effy, “Nathan will see it there.”
“You know?” she said in slow Hebrew, “My sister, Semadar, had met a young American, who has recently come to Israel. Like you. He also was in New Yok, in a suburb: Mantattenn.”
“Hedwa,” said Effy, “you have meant : Manhatten.”
“So, this just-friend, not exactly boyfriend,” Hedwa looked into Effy’s eyes, to see if he had understood her exactly, “this friend had come to Israel, in order to volunteer to the Parachutists’ Unit. Now he’s already in the army. His name is Humik. Maybe you have met such a guy in New York, Effy?”
“Why do you ask that? You know how big is New York? and America – as a whole? I’ve forgotten how many millions are dwelling in New York. Mayb six millions, much more than in Israel. But are you sure that his name was Humik? an Israeli born youth?”
“Yes,”she said, “So, maybe you’ve known him?”
“No, but I heard such a name, from a friend of a friend of him.”
“That Humik is a little strange fellow. A month ago my sister had told me, that Humik said he would pick up stars from the sky and put them on her cushion, like they had been flowers.”
“So, is he courting her?”
“Not at all. But she said that today a man gets mad for a beautiful girl like her. She is prettier than me. A little, that’s the truth. If you’ll listen to her sad songs, you’ll have such a wish to weep.” “What topics has she chosen to sing about?”
“Oh, about lost days or nights. Or about a drawning ship. Or about sad clowns. Every song is fit for a particular audience. For example: Before the army soldiers she would sing happy songs, about love, about cats, about movies.”
“And you say, that she is not a girlfriend of that Humik?”
“No, they are just good acquaintances. She had a friend, who had been his girl-friend, a short time.”
“Do they already broadcast your sisters’ songs in the radio?” he asked.
“Of course. The Singingirls are famous now. You can hear them in your Transporter’s radio. You have there a radio, don’t you?” Effy nodded, and looked at his watch.
“How many months has this Humik already been in our land? More than a year?”
“No, I am sure.” said Hedwa, “Only a few months. You ask it, as if suddenly you have become aware that you know him.”
“What was he doing there in New York, do you know? Because the guy Humik, that I heard about, had come from Los Angeles.”
“Listen, I am three years younger than Sermadar, and I have not inquired so much details.”
“Oh,” He said and scratched his forehead,” I have to think why I … had asked you all that.”
He began meditating, if he should tell her what he had known about Humik. No. Humik would prefer, of course, that nobody would know or talk about Raphaella. Therefore Effy said:
“Let’s leave that subject. It seems like I mixed up two Humiks. Oh, I’m in a hurry now, Hedwik. Would you like this new name that I’ve just given you? Hedwik! See you again. You’ll get me and the Transporter next week, and we’ll see the Show together.”
She escorted him to the courtyard. A guyava tree was growing there, and she kissed Effy under it. A swift rain shower of April made their faces wet.
Effy was running to Beer Sheba center’s square, where Naittyy was waiting for him with the Transporter, to take both back to Tel Aviv. It was a windy evening, like citizens there were used to. Naitty closed his vehicle’s windows, and waited patiently for his cousin.
‘That Humik is for sure- our Humik’- Effy told himself. ‘I’ll consult with Naitty, if I’ve to tell something to Hedwa. If Humik is a boyfriend of the singer, a fact that her sister doesn’t know- then I may have an ethical problem: Really, I don’t have anything against Humik, so why should I open my mouth? To cause a heart pain to a guy, who is a patriot and a soldier ? What Humik had done, like my cousine had done- with Raphaella, is Humik’s own busines. Why should I smear mud on him? There is some moral defect not only in Humik, but in Hedwa’s sister: If she is really a girlfriend of such a guy, who is surely an atheist. Not like me or Nathan… But, really: I would have acted like Humik, had I the chance to be with Raphaella… No, Naitty is in another category of personal behavior. He was serious about Raphaella. He loved her, he said, though in a devilish manner. And that was the real reason, so he told me confidentially, that he had decided to go to Israel. He was afraid she had been Lilith, the delegate of Satan, and would have stabbed him, had he remained in U.S.’
The cousines were discussing Humik’s matter, while already driving toward Tel Aviv.
“No doubt- my girl friend’s sister is friendly with our Humik from Manhatten,” said Effy, but he saw that Naitty had been indiffernt to his chat. So he became silent, meditating again:
‘Instead of thinking about Humik, I have to concentrate on Hedwa herself. Think logically, yes... Had she been only just three inches taller, and three inches thicker, then she would have been an ideal bride for me. I know that she’s a little bit infantile,
but who’s not? She’s the type of a woman that I can live with and love… How had I forgotten? -I Myself and Naitty are dealing with food. So, I will cause her to eat much more fat food, like geese meat. She is too meagre now. Then I’ll buy her in the best cosmetics store- very good creams for face and hands and shoulders and legs and whole body. Then I’ll buy a vermallion colored lipstick, that will make her doll faced. Then her nails will get a treatmnet, and be smeared by burdeu color. I know that in America they had started to extend the size of the breast… 
“Naitty,” asked Effy, “what d’you know about extending a woman’s breast by a plastic operation? would it disturb you, had you been a husband of such a woman?”
“Generally not,” answered Naitty, encircling his steering wheel and grabbing it fiercely, as a semitrailler had surpassed them and forced Naitty to drive deep onto the roadside.
“Take, for example, Raphaella,” continued Naitty, “she had a wonderfully shaped nose. Did you know that she had been operated, after having a serious accident, that almost erased her nose? So… But please, don’ty mention her any more. I’m deadly longing. Enough! I sometimes think we’d been mistaken – leaving everything behind us. Oh, God.”
“Don’t worry,” said Effy. “God will help, he has already begun with me.”
Some days later the two American guys have already met Semadar, Hedwa’s sister. They were seated in Cafe Ruth in Dizengoff street, and Semadar said something to Effy in Hebrew. He and Naitty had understood her talk.
“You know what? After I had left my singer friend Tamar- in new York, and returned to Israel – there were rumors.”
“About who?” asked Effy.
“About that Humik. The guy that you had known in New York, so Hedwa had told me.”
“Why have you reminded him now?” asked Effy in a rebuke.
“Because we had then received a letter from Humik’s friend. Mike. And he… Tell him, Hedwa. “
“Mike wrote, that Humik was not such an innocent fellow as we
had originally thought. He was doing a very nasty job.”
“I suggest that you stop that discussion!” said Naitty in English, while rising from his seat.
He pointed on Effy, like warning him to stop talking.
“Humik was…” continued Semadar, who had not understood well Naitty’s words – “a Jigolo of old women, who used to arrive in New York, to see the city and visit Manhatten’s museums. That was after I had already left New York… He had also arrived here – two months after me, or more.”
Naitty sat down calmly, after having heard that Humik had been mentioned; but only about his activity with old women tourists.
“Who had invented that rumor?” he asked loudly, as if to be sure that no other rumor had existed. “The guy Humik was no Jigolo, and I don’t understand why you are talking about him so long.”
“We don’t believe in any rumor about Humik. O’key?” said Effy to both sisters. “I don’t know,” he added, “how should behave a man, being gossipped like him: Shoot his own leg, or what?”
“Any blame or accuse” said Naitty, looking at Semadar with a strange smile on his lips,( she had not felt it to be strange), “Has to be witnessed by two. So is written in our Torah. Am I right?”
”Yes, you are right,” said Semadar, humbly dropping her eyes and aftertward looking at her sister.
Hedwa said very complacently:
”O’key, Humik is a good guy, and maybe there were two… “
“Oh, Hedwa! Why are you talking so badly about a soldier, my acquaintant?” said Semadar. Her eyes had become wet, and she told Naitty, looking at his face:
“If you say the rumors are not true, I’ll beg a pardon from Humik… Within three or four weeks- we’ll all receive an invitation from him, to attend his Finalizing Recruitment ceremony. I had promised him to come.”
“You are a good Jewish ‘meidl’(maiden)”, said Naitty, and smoothed her palm; then he embraced her shoulders fraternally, while rising from his chair. She had not felt uneasy by that touch.



CHAPTER 38


A week afterward The Girlsingers and Erga, their manger, took a taxi to Haifa. Their show was said to be on Carmel Mount, in Hadar cinema theater. Suddenly the driver stopped the car due to a puncture. He went outside to see what was the problem, and asked the girls to go out as well.
“Please wait at the sidewalk,” he said, “till I’ll change the tier.”
He was bothering with his tools down on the roadside, as suddenly a transporter was coming from behind. Its driver, Naitty Freulich, was looking aside, saw Semadar, and was taking his vehicle in reverse. Then he was parking it far onto the sidewalk. ‘Cars arrive here in a speed from behind,’ he said to himself, ‘someone would slip to the margin, and hit a car which is too close to the road, damn it’.
Bearded Naitty got out of the transporter. He was waving his hand to Semadar, who was standing not far and looking to him. She had notified him two days before about that Show in Haife. He said that he would like to attend. Afterward he would have to deal with goods, that have arrived for him in the Haifa port.
The taxi driver was busy with the tier, checking the spare wheel.
Semadar approached Naitty, said ‘hello’ to him and asked:
“What happened to your partner, Effy?”
“He is O’key. But he won’t come. He has a job to accomplish.”
“This is Naitty, that I’ve told you about,” Semadar introduced him to Erga, who turned to look at the bearded man. He nodded.
Semadar went aside with Naitty, and continued listening to him.
“Effy is in the Haifa Port,” he said, “releasing some products from the customs, you know. Then he will stand on guard of the boxes near the gate, till I’ll come to pick him up with the goods.”
Naitty was leaning toward Semadar, and like telling her a secret- he was whispering:
“I have prepared something for the three of you. Really, it’s for you, but I can’t disciminate your friends, the other singers. So, it’s my present to the whole Singingirls Band. It’s in my car.”
“You’ve not come especially for that?” she asked, surprised. “No, I was on my way to the Port, and found the opportunity.” Naitty turned to the other girls and Erga. He stil l tried to avoid the impression that he had come only for Semadar’s sake. “I’ve prepared a a small present for you all,” he said, “I’ll bring it to the theater … ”
“I’ve finished,” they heard the driver saying. “Girls, get in.”
Nathan also got to his vehicle, and the engine roared. He was soon driving it, bypassing the taxi.
After half an hour Naitty appeared in the theater’s Hall. He was seated on a regular seat in the first row, after having bought a ticket at the cash outside.
Erga paid attention to him, came nearby and was seated next to him. She was trying to open a conversation with bearded Naitty, who had already taken off his capshade hat, remaining with a wide cap on his head. The illumonation there was poor, so he did not see the sardonic smile that had appeared on Erga’s lips.
“I have not known that you are very very religious,” she said.
“I am a true God believer. I don’t know if you’ve heard about that. But it does not prevent me from attending your show. There are Hosid and Litvak Jews, who are much more extreme than myself.”
“Maybe,” she said, “but I don’t understand all orthodox religious people. Had I been a God Believer, I would have chosen to be a conservative Jew, or reformist one.”
“O’key, it’s your right to choose. But principally believe in Him! For me- a Sababath is a real Holiday. No travel, no work. And I am used to put on me Thfilin in the secular days. Thfilin are black cubes, connected to some leather strips. The Torah’s main chapters are written inside the cubes, on small scrolls.”
“I’ve never seen them,” said Erga. “I have to do that one day.”
At that moment the lights were off and they began listening to the first song. Accordion and guitar were accompanying the girls’ voices.
Suddenly Naitty felt like an impetus to stand up and pray.
‘I don’ty know what has happened to me this morning,’ he said to himself, ‘As I woke up, I forgot to pray. Only at eleven a.m.- I recalled. But now I’ve forgotten to pray Minkha(afternoon pray) and therfore I must pray twice Evening prayers. O’K… ’I hear Someone already singing on the stage. She’s not Semadar… 
God will forgive me that my prayer was belated… ‘A voice of a woman can seduce’, so said Our Rabbies. Therefore I’ll cover my ears by my palms. Avoid mixing the prayer with the singing girl’s voices. ‘And we shall bless God from now – forever, Hallelujah!’ Now I have to pray twice the Eighteen blesses: “Blessed be… the God of Abraham, God of Isaac, and God of Jacob. The great, the brave and the terrible God, Almighty … ”
“Naitty, please return to your seat,” He heard Erga’s whisper.
She saw he hasn’t yet finished to shake himself and mumble: He indicated her to be silent- by putting a finger on his lips, and she turned her face to the stage. She knew he had been Semadar’s acquaintant. She also had been informed by Semadar, that the man was rich, and maybe trying to court her; but Semadar was claiming: ‘I still think that Naitty realy loves music, so he had told me.’ ‘Whatever will be this man’s reason for coming here’, said now Erga to herself, ’He seems to be a tremendously serious person. He’s a characteristic American smart guy. They won’t have reached all their economical and technical and cultural acghievements – including a wonderful entertainment ability – without being hard working, industrious, and sophisticated.’
“Oh,” she turned to Naitty, who had got already seated near her, “Have you heard the loud applauds? The audience feels good.”
He suddenly was filled with cold sweat. He had remembered what he said to Effy on the previous night: “Look what a change had become upon me: My Eighteen prayers are now much more than before- filled with devotion to God. Wonderful Holy land.’
He recalled that while he had been in Korea, he was always praying the Eighteen prayers while his face and body were turning to East!… But now he understands that it’s not the correct manner: Take a map of the Globe, and find there the location of Jerusalem… If you are in Korea- for example- you have to turn to south-east, in order to be facing Jerusalem. because Korea is up on the globe, and Jerusalenm is down. So- our tradition commands to turn to Jerusalem precisely, and you’ve to obey that.… You can also turn your face to west -south, as this world is a ball. A real ball!’ He looked at the stage.
‘Our Torah Interpreter, Rushi,’ he soon continued to meditate, ’had already mentioned that ball- before Columbus had based his sailing westward instead of eastward, in order to reach India. By that he had discovered America, of course… All that was also made by God, who decided to rescue some Jews from poor and murderous Europe. So, He had sent them to the New World!… Oh, my ears had missed the last song, as I was too much bothered in meditating… Yes, Rushi wrote about the ‘ball’ in his interpratation to ‘Genesis Legends’. In that book is also mentioned an Ancient Monsters, like Dinosauer or Mamuth. Also it said, that God had created and destroyed many worlds, before – our little globe… There is also written about Cain’s dog. ‘Cane’ is Dog in Latin and old Greek. So, when Cain had been punished by God to be blinded, he was given a Leading Dog to take him as a vagabond on earth. God had made a Sign on his forehead, ‘Cain’s Sign’… O’ God, Do I also need such a sign? No, I’ll escape from that condemning sign. Because I don’t … She was guilty of what had happened, and God in the sky knows that well. So…Oh, I’ve missed a second nice song, of Tzvia. But now I’ll listen to Semadar… 
He restrained himself, not to shout something from joy; as now he had known that Semadar’s voice was really attractive and enchanting: He was listening to her Hebrew words, that at first he could only partly understand. Therefore he immediatelly repeated some of them in his mind. Then he suddenly asked: “Excuse me, Erga. What’s the Hebrew word: ZAAKATAM?”
She hesitated to answer, and whispered: “ShSh, afterward.”
The first rhyms in the poetic song that Semadar was singing, were as follows: (Hereby – translated into English by me, the humble author. As nobody really remebers nowadays who was the verse writer or who composed the music – no one would ever get royalty payments for it.)

“The autumn trees, in their nakedness
were stretching their arms toward the sky.
Praying by reading an old Elegy to Goodness,
begging that He would not neglect them thereby.”

The song went on, describing the winter- that its storms break the trees; then excelling the flourishing spring, with its trees growing into new life- with birds coming to them; and at last – it was bringing the message of the sweet fruits of summer trees… 
Naitty was so excited by that song, that he had almost broken in a weep. The fact that he had understood the mood of the text and the deep significance of its words, and the nice music meeting those- had brought him to ecstasy: He began shaking while seated, to right and left, onward and backward. He mumbled:
‘Oh, I’m so satisfied from that rare phenomenon, that grabs my hair and takes me to far distances of the soul. All that has been caused by Semadar’s singing, so amazing and enchanting. God has created her to sing, she fulfills a message from Him, and she is his delegate… I am thankful that I can understand Hebrew, one of the ancient languages in the universe. It’s a Holy language, that some Jews (not me) hinder their families to use it, saying that we are all dumped on this dirty earth with myriads of sinful people (except us) and having other absurd beliefs… But I say the opposite: We must use Hebrew, because the Torah is a living entity. It had been written in Hebrew, and all its interpreters used Hebrew, including the Talmud. So, why should not the simple people know it and speak it, too? Therefore the Lubavitcher Rabbi was telling people to study Hebrew. He is antagonizing those ‘super puritan Litvaks and Sotmers’, who refuse to use it daily. Now I recall, that when I came a second time to Lubavticher – to tell hime that A Yeshiva won’t be fit for us – and again I’ve spoken about my bad financial situation, he told me: ‘Go forth, like God said to Abraham. Go to your land!” I had been afraid, that I would discover something about the horrible night to the Rabbi. I would have mixed him up in a crime, God forbid. And how nice he was – that at the end of our meetiong he gave me his sacred Dollar. He is used to render such a faked Dollar to millions of his fans. No, call them God Believers, not just Rabbi’s fans! Lubavitcher gave a nice blessing to me – Nathan Freulich. He said: Your name Nathan indicates that you are an offspring of Prophet Nathan. ‘And God’ll take care of you’, so said the Rabbi, by his prophetic intuition:
‘You’ll travel along the land, and so make your living…’ All that – has been realized now. The day is not far, that my Redemption will come. Without too much ‘tricks or Shtiks’ – as you may say. I will be liked by many people, and be loved by a woman, who I know already. Patience, man.



CHAPTER 39


Semadar entered the cabin of Naitty’s Transporter. He was said to drive her to Beit Daras in the south, for Humik’s ‘End of Recruitment’ ceremony, open to the public. Effy was not there nor Hedwa, as she had suddenly decided to buy a new dress in Tel Aviv, and Effy joined her. He would escort her back home by bus, and by bus return to Tel Aviv.
While seated in the transporter, Naitty handed a surprise present to Semadar: 22 carat gold ring, with flashing five diamonds. But not only that: also a 22 carat gold necklace, and in its center a golden scroll in a length of a third of a finger. On its face the goldsmith engraved in Hebrew: “How do I love your singing”, and on its back: ”All the day it on my lips.”(a paraphrase of Psalms’ verse).
“I must confess,” Naitty said to Semadar, while she was a little frightened by the gifts, and the transporter’s engine had already been started, “Semadar, I don’t find words to… ”
“To what?” she asked in Hebrew.
He answered her also in the holy language, mixing some ancient words with new ones. She understood he had learned that sentence by heart, and maybe paid to somebody who helped him to style it :
“I will pour out my heart to you, and tell you how deeply your personality and shape impress me.”
“Oh please , please… I believe you, Naitty. But I am sorry. I can’t accept that kind of talk. You put me in just an impossible position. I had been already thinking seriously about somebody.. I have a relationship with another,” She lied to him. “I had already wanted to tell you that, when we saw you in Haifa. It was when you had mentioned to me something – about the new Album, that you delivered at the end of the Show … for the three of us together.”
It was Effy’s idea, that first Naitty would buy a common album ‘for the use of the Band’. The three girls would put there pictures that were- and would be – photographed during their Shows.
Naitty remembered, that he added there a special page, that preceded the trasnparent pages of the album, for fixing or sticking in – those photos. On that page he asked the artist, who had made that costly album, to write the following sentences for him in Hebrew (here is the English transaltion from the Hebrew origin, of the Biblic ‘Songs of King Solomon’):“May he kiss me with the kisses of his mouth, for your love is better than wine.… The fig tree has rippened the figs. And the vines in blossom (=Semadar, in Hebrew)have given forth their fragrance.”
So, the word Semadar – was underlined by a blue pen, and Semadar would see it and understand. However, Erga was the person who had gotten the gift from Naitty: He had hesitated at that phase of relationship to render a personal gift to Semadar. Erga had no time to turn pages and look, so she handed the album ‘that the American had brought’ to Tzvia and Avia. Naitty had not known that both girls were suspected as Lesbians, but not because of that they hated to read the opening page: They hated Americans more than anything, being a leftish Kibbuts natives, and Soviet Russia oriented. They saw that present as a capitalistic trick to bribe the working-singing class. So, on the coming day they gave it to Semadar, who really looked in and was not so happy. It was hard for her to ‘digest the idea’ of having a man of about thirty as a very serious courtier. She still was simply hesitating… 
The short ceremony of ‘finalization of recruitment’ had ended very soon, and the crowd of parents and other relatives and friends was waiting to meet their loved ones, or take home a part of them. Semadar caught in distance the sight of Humik. She suggested to Naitty they would approach him together, but Naitty said: “Please, I don’t know the guy very well. Go yourself there, and meet him. I’ll wait here, even half an hour. I’m sure, that as a new soldier he would certainly like to talk a lot about his activity in the army, and you’ll like it. Also- you have common memories from New York… I know he is not your boyfriend now.”
“I would hate to let you feel,” she said, “as my personal driver, for arriving here and moving out.”
“Oh, I am matured enough for not thinking like that,” he generously said. Semadar moved alone to meet Humik.
The soldier was standing with his kitbag, waiting for her on the ‘Square of Orders’. He was quite excited to see her in a new blue dress, and told her that it was very well tailored. She was holding a packet wrapped by a present’s flashing blue and white cover sheet. It was a book in Hebrew about Israel’s Independence War. A reporter or Army officer, who had taken a part in that war, was its author.
Humik thanked her, and asked how the Singingirls were advancing in their Shows. She answered that Erga had been very satisfied from the newspapers’ criticism, and the audience reaction was very fine all over the country. Then Semadar told him about Naitty’s nice present to the Singingirls.
“I understand, that Naitty is the bearded guy there, waiting on the bench far away.” pointed Humik toward the seats of the visitors, and she held down his stretched hand. “I had discerned him- standing with you there before.” he added.
“He had brought me here,” she said, “He tries to court me, but I have told him that I would not have a serious relationship with him. But as he has kept trying – I’ve really exploited him for my purpose of visiting here, and see you.”
“I don’t know him,” said Humik, “only heard something about him. He had a bad business in New York, but succeeded to rescue himself from the banks, I think.”
“He has now a nice vehicle,” she said, “According to what he told me on the way here, he had already made a great business in Israel; and he would extend it. He deals with supplying many kinds of food to wholesalers and grocery stores. ”
“You know, that I’ll be soon in the Fighter Pioneers Seed settlemnet?” he said, “it is far, on the south of Jerusalem hills.”
“But you’ll write or phone me,” she said, “from time to time. Won’t you?”
“Of course”, said Humik, “and I just want to tell you again: be cautious with that guy, Nathan. I am not jealous regarding his
courting you. You and me are just good friends, and I warn you like a friend. A man who had some financial problems there, maybe… you know. If you continue relationship with him – maybe one day you’ll regret it. That’s my opinion.”
“Shame on you to talk to me like that! I’ve told you: I have no wish to be courted by him. I’ve even lied, that there is somebody else who’s going out with me. I had expected that he would understand. He is too old for me. Thirty.”
Humik departed from her in a bad feeling. Her words had not convinced him that she would disregard Naitty Freulich.
However – Semadar was satisfied that she had ommitted mentioning to Humik the golden personal gifts she had received at that day. She was very flattered, could not help it, and maybe she even thought it had been a sign from Heaven.
Humik was very tired. In addition to Semadar’s matter that bothered him a little – now would begin something unknown: He would have to live in a semi-community, in a remote place. He knew that over there, in Nehusha Seed – seven guys from his childhood would join him; but maybe some would withdraw? Yes, he was capable to make friends everywhere, but the place itself was seen like an obscure point on the map, and difficult to reach or go out. No regular bus there- even once a day… 
Humik’s seven friends on the marching square- were also departing from their families. He waited for them after Semadar had left him. Soon they all would be driven by a truck of the Fighter Pioneers’ Youth to their new dwelling in the ‘corner of the world’; so they were joking about Nehusha Seed.



CHAPTER 40


The truck was travelling on the flat road leading to Bet Guvrin – Lakhish area. In the Bible times, Sennacherib- Assyria’s king, has led his army there, to the south of Jerusalem. He wanted to capture the Holy City from the southern side. But something happened (according to the Bible- God had sent a pestillence upon his army) and he retreated. He set up a Memorial Statue in Ninveh, his capital, in which he showed the battle of the town Lakhish, which surrendered to him… 
Now Nahumik was there, gazing at the country around him. At the far back in south and west, there were just fields growing mainly grass; there were also few sqaures of green and yellow wheat or barley, that a human hand had sowed. But on the east – the white beige-blue mountains of Judea were making the horizon. They were very similar to Humik childhood’s grey mountains of Samaria, that he never visited; hundreds of years they had been held by the Palestinians, who remained there… 
On the truck were seated only eight guys, and Humik understood from their discussion – that about half of the youths who had taken part in the original meeting, a few months before – had already changed their plan: All the girls preferred old ‘Seeds’, having settled before by elder guys. Three guys of the original group had volunteered to the Armoured Tanks Squads… However, new five guys will now be joining the Nehusha settlers; they would come to service there as ‘lonely soldiers’ – without being before in a certain group. They had preferred to be registered as singles, and were decisive- as all the others, to establish a new agricultural Seed village, ready for hard work… 
The road came over a crest, and flattened out, as they were approaching their ‘Seed Settlement.’ The ground was now less green, and the truck engine’s noise had become louder, while climbing a hill, full of big and small stones, protruding from the hard ground nearby and far away.
They saw a sloped hill, on which there was some small building, characteristic for a setup of pumping machinery. Also two tents and two wooden huts were discerned. As the truck was moving slowly toward that place, the soldiers, still in army uniforms, saw that two civilians were waiting for them, waving their hands.
“I‘m the rep of the Pioneering Youth Settlers department – in the Defense ministry,” said one of them, after the comers had jumped down from the truck. The other said:
“And I’m your agricultural guide. I’m an agronomist.”
Each of the group members was holding his kitbag, as the Ministry Guide had shown them their dwelling places. Humik was rushing to a hut, together with a guy, named Jacque. They had been together before on the truck, and became friendly there.
“What will we raise here?” asked Jacque, while they have arrived to their room, “it’s a total desert.”
“I think that the expert Agronomist has already mentioned – cocumbers and tomatos,” said Humik.
“We have to raise here girls,” the guy was laughing. He was a youth from Morroco, having three brothers. He volunteered to settle there, because his family was living not far; he thought he would be able to steal from that point and see them – more than others would be able to see their families.
“How well you have done,” remarked Humik, “I swear I would have changed families with you. My family is in America”
“Sorry I have no sister to offer you,” smiled Jacque Malka.
They were soon called to a first meeting with the agricultural guide and the Ministry representative. It had taken place in the deserted pumping machinery structure, in which two benches were set up, near the rusted old pumping machine.
“O’key, guys,” said the agronomist-guide, “we will be in touch for the whole coming year. After that you’ll be mobilized to the Nahal Parachutists’ units of the Army.”
“As you know,” said the Ministry delegate, “these units are one of the best that the army has. Now the parachutists’ get a commando course. .. One of these units has already participated in a ‘revenge and deter’ operation beyond the border, and very successfully.”
“The earth here is difficult to be cultivated,” said the agronomist, “So, in your first period here – you’ll remove small stones from an area, that is planned for raising olive trees. Ten such trees I have already planted here myself.”
In the first days Humik was irrigating the young olives, that had just been planted. Soon a new pump was brought for that matter. The water was drawn from an internal spring within the hills, that were full of carstic holes and caves.
In the first two nights the guys were sleeping on mattresses, laid on the hut’s cement made floor. The mattresses were filled with some tough grass. Sometime it was peeping out from the cloth, and stinging the guys’ buttocks or knees. But they knew, that only living stinging creatures, like bees or scorpions or spideers, had to be worried about. Luckily they won’t deal with those...
On the third day – a truck was bringing iron beds to all the twenty people, who had already been gathrered there. The beds were made with iron springs, that not always were in a good shape and well functioning; but that was a common phenomenon in those days. The nights were still cold, though spring season had ended, (only into the plain locations of the country a warm weather was coming). So, the guys were covering themselves with old blankts, that were cleaned in an army automative laundry near Tel aviv. Against insects they were using small Naftalin white balls, put into the blankets folds.
They guys had been already well organized, but Jacque Malka continued to complain: “Girls are missing here. I know that in other Seed Settlements they are full. We are in a rotten hole: It’s an impossible place to live. We are jailed, and can’t go out .”
“Jacque, you calm down,” said Humik, “we are only at the beginning. Girls will come later, we’ll persuade some. But I wonder about you: I thought that guys who were born to Jewish families from Morocco or Tunis – were very religious; that only a marriage would solve their sex problems.”
“No,” said Mlaka, “I am from Casablance. I was educated in a commercial school there. We had full of girls-pupils studying with us. Yes, we were Jews and Jewesses, visiting the synagogue on Sabath. But at school we were sitting beside the girls, while studying commerce and bookeeping and so on.”
“So, you regret that all had passed, and long for the old days,” smiled Humik.
“Of course,” said Jacque, “In the intermissions of our learnings, we were taking the girls on our knees, and – digdigdig..”
“I understand,” laughed Humik. He said that really, they should find out what to do with the girls problem. So, he and Jacque wrote a note, asking all the Seed’s guys to arrive together to dinner in the big hut’s Mess (dining room)- at eight p.m. ‘subject: discussion about a serious problem.’
“Two girls should come to our Mess here,” told them Jacque.
“They’ll boil us soups and prepare us coffee and tea. We will give them full respect. It’s very disappointing here – to be on Mess Duty. I have never boiled anything as a teenager. I hate it. So, somebody must bring us girls. We should search girls-voluteers all over the country. ”
Sombody laughed off the coffee boiler from his hands.
There was also a more serious matter: Nights of Guard Duty had begun there. The guards had to stand at the gate of the ’Seed’, that would be locked at night. Then they would patrol around the huts and tents and pump machinery. The whole area had been 200 X 100 meters, but everyone had known that they were really guarding their own bodies, as the property there had been worthless. However, the declared purpose of that settlement was to deter Arab infiltrators, who would pass this place, that leads from Hebron and Bethlehem mountains into the plain of Lakhish. “The army itself would – once a week- supply two jeeps for night patrol over there, so don’t disregard your importance here,” said the rep of the Defence Minisdtry in the first day’s speech … 
In the evenings they would be singing sometimes, and Humik liked it. He remebered old songs, like: ‘Oh, foot, raise yourself’, and was singing it solo, as no one except himself had ever listened to such a song. Then there was the beloved song: ‘My flag is lined with a blue thread: Be my brother, give a hand.’ Also the song: ‘The village is asleep, the mountains are gazing at it from above …’



CHAPTER 41


“I don’t mind, that you try to write Hebrew poems in your free time,” said Solomon to his wife Ramona, “though, it would come instead of helping me in my screenplay editing .”
It seemed that Humik’s parents had become jealous of each other as artists: Solomon in his film production trial, and she in her Hebrew white verse or simple prose, we don’t know exactly.
“I am doubtful,” said Solomon, ”if a woman, writing in Hebrew –but from America, will be accepted by any Israeli editor or publisher. You risk to hear them say, that they have enough trash in their country; they don’t need to import that. I don’t tell you my judgement about your poetry, as I haven’t read it.”
“I see that you hate my experimental writing. You have tried for two years to produce your film, and haven’t yet succeeded. Let’s bet who will see his artistic creation first, in public.”
“O’key, I’ll hear you. Please summarize very shortly the main story and the idea behind your poem.”
“O’key, I see you have calmed down. I had heard that story from Elkano, you’ll wonder. Once he had listened to a lecture of a wise Jew, who came to speak in a kibbuts, where Elkano was living for a short time…”
“It took him one month – to conclude that to live such a place had not been for him.”
“I know. Now the man’s surname was Kluger.”
“How symbbolic. Kluger in Yiddish and in German- is: wise.”
“That Kluger was obssesively dealing with statistics and data about famous and excelling Jews. Not Rabbis, who had always been known in the inner circle of the Jews – but those who were famous also to other nations. For example- he had made a list of all Nobel Prize winners, up to that time, when Elkano was a teenager. He found that Jews had thirty percents of the Nobel prize winners, despite antisemitism. And he had a theory why.”
“Really, why?” asked Solomon.
“Oh, that is written in my poem.”
“Sounds interestring,” said Solomon.
“Though I don’t know Kluger’s private name, I’ve called him on your name: Solomon, which means as wise as King Solomon.”
“Agreed,” laughed Solomon Kaplansky.
“I will read a part of it. This poem begins with claiming that the Jews had loved the diaspora, or their exile- since they had been in Egypt, so the Bible tell us.”
“O’key, go on… But that move around the world does not make them wiser, or having an excellent mind- relatively more than other nations.”
“I’ll read: ‘ Jews had been vagabonds a very long time , moving among nations and countries.
They were not Missionaires, but they were asked in what kind of God they had believed and worshipped.
They answered : The one, that is unseen, virtual, abstract – but despite that he is a warrior and just and appears in time, and intervenes in history – though he is eternal… 
He could not be described, as he has no material entity, nor an energy.”
“Fine,” interrupted Solomon, “because these two concepts as well as qualities- are exchangeable, as Einstein had proved.”
“God is spirit and unlimited and within and out of all what we know.” continued Ramona, “He would come to some men only in full ‘thin silence’, or in vision. Because of His non attainable characteristics, don’t wonder that very wise people from foreign nations fell in love with such an abstract and obscure entity. These had been extraordinary minded men, who were feeling before, that their Idols are none and/or nonesense. So, as Aritoteles told us, as ‘a man gives birth to a man, not to a horse nor to a monster’- the offspring of those geniuses were also Jews, that still today have special capabilities for study; also they have a certain intuition, that othres have relatively less, or lack at all.”
“But they should not be proud of that,” said Solomon, “First, because they had not foreseen the Holocaust. Second, the original Biblical Jews were few, and nowadays the Jews are even fewer, what will bring their end, as their present Rabbis would hardly allow others to join them.”
“Your last sentences,” said Ramona, “are correct. But if I add them to my poetry, it would seem clumsy, a whole treatise.”
“You have begun to think about God,” mocked Solomon, “You know why? You miss your father, who was a Rabbi.”
“Right, and I am longing to my son Humik, who I had sent to study with a Rabbi… ”
At that moment Ramona discerned little Danny standing by her, listening or asking something.
“Danny,” she said, “I will be thankful if you don’t disturb us now. You see I am talking with papa. Yes, a copybook with crossed column-line pages can also be used for drawing or writing poems, O’Key?”
The boy left the living room, telling himself they were again in the movies’ world, that make them both nervous.
“You finalise your poem, Ramonka.” said Solomon. “Then take a tour to Israel. I’ll write you a check to buy flight tickets, for you and for Danny. I won’t close the store for that, and I’ll remain here alone for a week or so. You desreve that vacation.”
“It will disturb you from dealing with the film production. But thank you, dear Solomon,” said Ramona.
“I am again in a deadly mindb-arrier, so it won’t hurt,” he said.



CHAPTER 42


After a month of hard work and long, deep meditations- Humik decided that he had been feeling bad with the agricultural effort. He was also fed up with the society there, that had been dull and boring for him. It seemed like he should find a way to rescue himself ‘from that hole’, as Jacque called it and wanted to leave, too… Yes, the Defence Ministry rep had promised Humik to bring a henscoop there, and the guys started to think also about a herd of twenty sheep. But all that was likely to be far from being realized; and… there was nothing interesting in these kinds of effort either. ‘I was said,’ thought Humik, ‘to go to the Fireteam course – almost a year from now. Maybe I can get it earlier. I have to write to the Command of the Youths Pioneering. They would decide what to do about me. I was one of three most excellent guys in the recruitment. The High Command would be able to verify that…O’key, I’m writing all that with my Parker pen, that Mom had sent me by mail, so that I would remember to write her from time to time. “I send you a Parker, as the other pens are awful,” so she ended her note, attached to it.’
Two weeks after having written to the Command, Humik received an official ‘Unit’s Transfer Order’!
It had a signed order for him to move to ‘Nathan Camp’ near Beer Sheba.(‘cursed Nathan’ – he smiled to himself). There he would begin the Fireteam Course for Parachuters, emerging from the Youth Pioneering Seeds. It would take about six months of training. Humik was enlisted there as ‘solitary private’, according to the Army Regulations: He was not a part of a certain Seed, that from it were many soldiers enlisted together to that course. He was satisfied that he had succeeded so easily to
change his military status, despite the terrible beaurocracy that he heard about.
He was allowed three days of vacation, before the course would begin. Moving with his kitbag, he took a bus to Tel Aviv. He wanted to see the town, where he would sleep in the ‘City Officer’s Hostel’, watch some movies in daytime, and visit friends from the textile store, in which he had worked a few months before. Of course, he wanted to meet Semadar. For that he went to Erga Lifshits’ office, to inquire where he could find her, as Semadar had not answered his call to Ruth Cafe. Erga’s office was closed. So he went to Dizengoff street, where Semadar was living. He knew that the street’s sidewalk is visited by most of the entertainers in the country. So maybe she would be near the crossroads Circle, a center for all meetings. In Café Roval- its chairs and small tables were intruding the sidewalk- Humik discerned a bearded man, whom he had seen before from far. He knew that the person was Nathan Freulich, and became sure about that, after having seen the younger guy seated opposite to him: He wore a capeshaded hat, like Nathan- and Humik identified him as Effy. ‘So, these are the two cousins,’ he told himself. The two guys were practically occupying three chairs, as Nathan Freulich’s legs were spread nonchalantly on an empty chair beside him. They were drinking something, and Humik knew that he would not like to have anything with them.
‘Hello Mister cholera plus Master pestillence’, he told himself. What happened with Naitty’s love affair with Raphaella? When Semadar told me about the American, whose name was Naitty- I had thought about my personal Naitty, though there maybe thousands of guys bearing such a name in U.S. or Israel… Now –as I see Effy, who I recognize well, I am sure that he’s sitting with Nathan Freulich. It seems that his business has failed or entangled. That is the reason that he’s fled to Israel. As for Effy – I had known, for long, his wish to be here. Well, I have to warn Semadar again. I can’t bear these both guys …
He went to Semadar’s rented room and found a note on the door. It was saying: “Naitty, I had to travel to Kibbutz Mishmarot.
we’ll have there a Show in the evening. Before that we have to have a rehearsal on stage in that place… ”
Humik went back along the street. ‘The Singingirls are succeeding, chapeu !” – he said to himself. He remembered that he had wanted to wish her good luck: Last satuday, still in Nehusha Seed, he was listening on the radio to the Singingirls new song, which also Jacque Malka enjoyed.
He saw the cousines again. They had finished drinking and rose up, but did not pay attention to him, a lonely soldier in vacation. ‘Yes,’ he repeated to himself, ‘these are Naitty and Effy, Don Quixote and Sancho Pansa.’



CHAPTER 43


At the same day Ramona and her son Danny arrived in Israel. Humik had known that before: He received her letter still being in Nehusha settlement. It had informed him the good news, and now he was waiting for them in the Lobby of a small hotel in Tel Aviv, where they were said to stay for five days and nights.
In this opportunity Humik got a present from his mother, but it was sent to him personally by Solomon: A nice brown leather coat, that had been owned by Elkao. Maybe the hero had worn it once or twice. ‘In the Common Grave I could not place that’, Solomon said sarcastically to his wife, ‘so I have kept it very well; and your son will use it – till it becomes well worn out.’ (Kaplasky himself was dressing a short suede brown coat, in the quite warm winter of LA). It was really a nice coat and it matched Humik’s body measures. He was only complaining to his mother, that he would have to delay wearing it, as winter has already passed. Ramona said she had known that, but she would not come next winter to Israel, so he should ‘keep it now in the Nehusha Village’ as she said. Humik had not told her about the brave-quick step he had taken, joining already the parachuters’ Fireteam Course, that will very soon begin.
Humik was feeling very well with the coat, while he was wearing it. He appreciated Solomon’s generosity, letting him have that expensive coat, ‘that the warmness of Elkano’s body was still beaming from its inside parts,’.
Ramona was inquiring Humik about the ‘Nehusha village’. She had learned that it was quite interesting for him to return to agricultural work, dig ‘plates’ for irrigating the olives and grow vetetables. The guarding tasks on that border were not dangerous, he said, and they were all feeling well. Yes, one day, maybe next year, she would visit there and see henscoops… 
Next day Humik, Ramona and Danny took a bus to Humik’s old hometown. They arrrived there at noon. The boy Danny had been left to play with the son of Ramona’s friend, Hemda, while Humik and Ramona were strolling at the Circle in crossroads Hertzl and Rothchild Avenue, looking at the old houses and telling each other about the changes that had taken place there.
Ramona suddenly said, that she had wanted to forget the far past, and talk about the near one:
“Humik, I want to tell you- what I had heard last week from Simone Richland. A terrible story.”
“What was it?”
“Her niece, Raphaella- the girl with whom you had some relationship… something terrible had happened to her.”
“Terrible?” he asked, thinking that maybe Raphella had been hospitalised, due to a complicated abortion operation, or something like that.
“S h e – is not alive any more!” said Ramona very loudly.
“What?” Humik remebered he had seen Naitty only a day before.
“It seems like she had made suicide, or even worse- one of her gang had murdered her. It was a few months ago, and Simone had told me only last month. She was weeping, having heard that, so she said. Simone had known the girl since childhood.”
“Oh, I’m sorry for Raphaella,” he said, “to me she seemed to have a strong character.”
“It’s your luck, that it had all happened after you left New York.
If not – it would have blown our heads, that case. The local police will close the file. Maybe also FBI has been involved, I don’t know. Really, it’s a regular case there, that a young woman is found drawn in a pool. Whatever, if they reach you and try to inquire – you should talk as less as possible, do you understand?
Don’t be entangled. You have not known who were her friends or aquaintances, or who she was meeting, and so on. Solomon was truly telling me to add this: “You keep yourself, also for the sake of your small family, that worries about you- as you cannot imagine. When somebody …takes some imbalanced steps, like you had done in your short life, all his poor family might suffer. I know: egotism is burninmg in the viscera of many young people like you, and each has that deep disregard of his dear worrying and loving relatives… ”
“Mom, stop talking to me like that. I’m grown up.”
“I don’t mean only you, dear Humik… But please, wherever you would be- remember Solomon’s wise and careful point of view about the ‘scarcity of life in the universe’, as he would call it. Yes, you know his bitter life experience. I have the same bad feeling … So, please have pity on me.” Her eyes were wet.



CHAPTER 44


Again and again was Naitty proposing to Semadar, but she would be still delaying her answer.
“If you hesitate because of my age,” he said daringly, “you can try to be in bed with me. I’ll shake you, as nobody can, and I’ll teach you such sexy positions, that… ” he knew he would make her angry by saying that, but wanted to challenge her: She has to say ‘Yes’, or even if it is a ‘No’- let it be final and absolute.
“Naitty, it’s better that you concentrate in learning some things that are my interest and fill my life. I’m still feeling that you have to meet my cultural background, and fill some gaps… I will continue to be a singer- even if I agree to be engaged to you.”
“I swear it will be a honor for me,” he said enthusiastically in Hebrew, “I am not so wicked or ignorant or extreme religious – to avoid you realize a thing, that is rooted in your ‘Neshoma’… 
I mean: in your soul and spirit and love-of-life. I am sure we can handle all that.”
“I have brought you a book about music,” said Semadar, “and about how words should meet melodies, and so on. Please read it carefully and we’ll talk about some ideas written in it.”
“Of course I’ll reads that,” he promised.
He really tried, while he was alone in his hired room. It was a very hard book to read. But then Effy came to that common room, and Naitty was happy to stop his hard trial. He knew he should still walk quite a long road, but his wheels were stable on it, slowly riding to the right direction of his wishful target.

It was the last day of Humik’s vacation. He had tried again to meet Semadar, and was walking toward her dwelling.
At that time Naitty and Effy had just entered Senadars room. They were talking, while Semadar was preparing them coffee, that she would bring to the table with pieces of an English pie.
“Everything is in the hands of Heaven,” she heard Effy saying in Hebrew to Naitty, “God would like to make the people of Israel stand again in a test…there are talks in the papers about an impending war.”
“I am not sure it will happen soon,” said Naitty, “I’m more optimistic than you…”
A ring was heard from the front door. Semadar rushed to open, and Humik came in, with his small Uzi submachine gun in hand.
But not for mere impression he had brought it, so he said.
“My unit was simply just driving from the North to South. Now we have gotten two free hours, to take a little rest, to refresh and eat something.” Humik lied to Semadar. He discerned Naitty and Effy inside the room, and refused to involve them or her in his motive for moving now to the Team Commanders course.
Semadar asked Humik to enter the room. She introduced him to the two guys there, using her weak English:
“This is Humik, that you know about already from New York.
I think that Naitty saw him, and Effy also said that maybe he…”
She indicated Humik to shake hands with them, which he did.
“I was not familiar with him in America,” reckoned Naitty, “but I’ve heard about him.” He smiled, but Humik remained cool.
“You have not met yet in Israel,” said Semadar, “now the time has come.”
“We’ve already been a few months here,” said Effy to him, “we are glad to see you in uniform. Hopefully you won’t be fighting.”
Humik’s blood was boiling in his veins. He imagined that some vapour covers the air, and somebody blows stinky hot wind into his dress. Who knows why am I so upset?- he said to himself.
I feel here like in hell, it’s a furnace heat.
“I will go out to the terrace,” he told Semadar, “maybe I’ve taken a too long walk in this warm noon.”
He opened the door to the terrace, and the breeze, comimg from the nearby mediterranean sea coast of Tel Aviv, improved his feeling. He returned to the room.
“We have quarrelled in New York about something,” mentioned Effy in English, turning to Humik, “D’you remember?”
“I don’t think that here is the place to raise an issue from the past,” answered Humik. Effy continued to challenge him.
“It was an important one,” he said, “As the place, that we were standing in, was most important.”
“Don’t force me to deal with a pile of a forgotten shit.”
“a pile of shit, that you… had lied with.”
Semadar and Naitty were changing looks, and Naitty was angry on Effy, who stood up, red faced, waving his hand toward Humik. Naitty grabbed him by his elbows, then pressured him to retreat, saying vehemently: “You – don’t try to quarrel here.”
Then he stood near Humik and smiled to him, like trying to be friendly. Humik’s face remained serious. He saw that Semadar was looking at Naitty, the ‘Fight Cooler’- in interesting eyes, almost in worship. He did not know if she had understood all Effy’s words, and what was the issue of the talk. He felt frightened suddenly, as he had known that nobody there was at his side. ‘Who knows’, he said to himself. ‘Maybe they were plotting all that before? But if he talks directly and explicitly about Raphaella, better that I go away immediately, so as not to be embarrassed… No, I’ll tell damned Effy something, that would make a mess in his mind, and of course in Naitty’s.’
“Mister Effy Freulich,” Humik said, this time in Hebrew, so that Semadar would well understand, “In a quiet and calm room like this- nobody should talk about milk that had been spilled. Or about a corpse found in the water.”
“What have you meant by saying that?” shouted Semadar at Humik in rebuke, “Why do you, men – have to speak like that?”
“I don’t know about what he was talking,” said Effy.
Had Humik been looking under Naitty’s yellow-dark beard, he would have seen his burning cheeks and some convulsion that had passed them twice. But from outside – nobody could have seen that. However, Naitty was like promptly calmed down. Looking at his watch,. he rose from his seat and told Effy:
“Really, I think our visit has come to an end. We have still to visit Shosh Halevy in Ramat Gan. I’ve promised to bring her twenty sausages. Come, Effy.”
Effy obeyed him, and both shook hands with Semadar and went out. In the following five minutes, Humik told Semadar about his life in the Seed settlement – and was listening to Semadar’s satisfaction from her Band’s Shows: She had exhibited to him some recent press ‘reportages’ and articles about the Singingirls, and also pohtos that were printed. ‘and soon will be outcoming the first Gramophone Record of our songs,’ said Semadar proudly.
Humik mentioned again: ‘Be cautious with the elder bearded chap.” Then he said: “though today – he was very sympathetic.”

While the cousins were inside the transporter, Effy asked Naitty in English:
“What does this soldier know, that we don’t? Naitty, had something happened to your ex-girl friend?”
“You had been with me… when we left America,” said Naitty and his beard was trembling.
“You know? I have received a letter from my Mom. You drove yesterday very early to Hadera. So, I was the mail collector.”
“What .. had your Mom… written?”
“That a month, or less- after we had flied to Israel, her neighbor – Mirel, read in the Yiddish newspaper… ’Forwerts’, about a Jewish girl, that her death was investigated.”
“Oy vey! You mean: Raphaella? Has something happened to her?”
“Yes , she is no more alive. She’s made suicide. So wrote my Mom. The corpse was found in a half empty swimmimg pool. In a rotten condition, they said. Police announced it was a suicide. That was their conclusion.”
“She was really desparate,” said Naitty, and his hands were trembling. He nervously and unintentionally turned the wheel, so the the vehicles was already on a sidewalk. It slowed down but did not stop.
“No, she was a strong personality.” He said, and the transporter quite returned to drive straightlined on the street, “I wonder, if all that is true. You ask your Mom to read again – what they were telling in the papers… Oh, had my financail situation been better, I would have remained with her. Poor girl.” His eyes were wet; but as Effy continued to talk about his previous discussion with Humik- Naitty was glad that he had not looked quite at his nervous movements.
“I doubt if Humik wanted to hint about her,” said Effy.
“Maybe he was just throwing a sentence about a corpse, damn him,” said Naitty, “You could understand, that it was very unpleasant for him, that you had mentioned all that. Beacause Senadar was present. God will save her from any trouble. We have to get her out of that guy’s influence.”
“Like you- I also don’t believe, “ said Effy, “in a pure friendship between a girl, married or unmarried, with a nice guy like him.”
“You are right.” said Naitty.
“You know? I heard from my girl friend Hedwa, that Humik had a trial in New York. He had been caught in some bad business of fake Dollars and drugs. If so, he is a serious criminal.”
“With God’s help,” said Naitty, “our years here will pass in a just manner. We won’t entangle ourselves by any criminal activity.”

At that night – it was hard for Naitty to fall asleep.
‘I cannot write about all that to aunt Hynda in Brooklyn,’ said Naitty to himself, ‘because I fear that NY police may still be looking after me. They may open my enveloped letter– by their tricky abilities to hide any trace of peeping inside. On the other hand, to remain as a blindman at noon, is also very unacceptable. I must know if they still inquire or what are their speculations… Maybe I can take Effy… for being a postman or mediator. He would send a letter to his mother. They would trace his letters too. I doubt if he can restrain himself and not chat on any subject, icluding about that serious case. So, everyone should walk to his fate, go to his shell, find his self determination… I cannot contact Humik (Semadar would certainly know where and how to contact him): If I ask him – as Semadar’s friend, or as a Jew who cares about another Jew, who had loved her( And I’m sure he had known about me and her, and now knows more about the finding of her corpse). No. Both are now my enemies: Effy as well as Humik, regarding that issue… God has made it, that till now- nothing was reqested by NY police or by the Israeli police. They know my name and address, as I have been registered in the Interior Ministry Office here. So…Don’t I see a mountain’s shadow as a real mountain?… Now I will try to sleep on my right side. Maybe my heart will be pounding weaker, like a worn out clock. Oh, God. Please don’t let me collapse, please let me live in self integrated peace, without much noise around. Yes, in a certain outrageous second I have risen – and done that to her, knowing she had been God’s enemy. She had not believed in Him, and tried to pretend a miser, poor girl, that had been foced by the the hard circumstance of her life- to lie with more than twenty man, so she had admitted to me. She hanged herself on me, whom she saw as her savior. No. I…better that I won’t know more about that case. And may God send the guy Humik – out of Israel. He should better return to U.S. – we don’t need him here. He volunteered to one of the army’s best units, only for the sake of fulfilling his patriotic stupid pride. He is just a kid; why do I have to think about him at all? I hurt my spirit by these meditations. I’ll avoid taking a sleeping pill, I fear from that. I may exaggerate in the dosage. God, help me. Amen.”



CHAPTER 45


In July 1956 began the Course for Fireteam commanders, and Humik was one of its participants. The men were training again ‘the private tasks’ and having a course for Parachuting, first by slipping down with the Omega twisted metal piece, linked to a thick rope stretching a thick pillar and a tree trunk:
You grab that omega by both hands, push your body forward and find yourself surfing- hanging in the air. Most of the guys would say, that having done that training – they were ready for the actual parachute training, including a jump from the Dakota airtransporter’s opening to the free air … 
But Humik had a bad luck till that expected day would arrive: Three soldiers, including himself, had become sick with terrible pains in the belly. Humik was lying inside the camp’s hut, having high temperature. ‘Maybe you have received some lever malady, caused by a rotten Falafel’ said the army physician.
‘Or it was caused by the bad sanitary conditions in the camp’, added another doc. But after two weeks, having swallowed some pills – this sickness had passed. Humik was allowed to re-join the Course, and felt better.
He thought that from then on he would participate again in frequent attacks training and long runnings, but he was mistaken:
In the beginning of October, while automn light winds had just began, suddenly the army course for fireteam fighters stopped. Its participants were ordered to join the squads of the 3rd Battalion of Parachuters, commanded by Lieutenat Colonel Aaron Davidy. The soldiers were driving on trucks from the concentration point, somewhere not far from vicious Sodom, toward the Egyptian border in Sinai peninsula. Humik heard soldiers talking about tension in the air: The Egyptian President– General Abd-El-Nasser, has recently robbed the Britsh and French, owners of Suetz Canal. He was boasting that he would soon throw also Israel into the sea. For that aim the Russians bestowed him many new tanks, artillery, MIG airfighters – as well as light arms.
The Israelis had become nervy, in a silent panic mode. Their shrewd Prime minister, Ben Gurion, held a speech in Parlament, gently telling his people: “What we only need now- is strength and piece!” – but he sent the soldiers toward the Sinai penninsula desert, to break down most of the new weapons that the Egyptians had gathered there, and also to capture teroristic Gaza, ruled by the Egypt.
On their way toward their target, the soldiers did not discern any military preparedness, except the long caravan of trucks and semi armored vehicles, heading also in another seen path, not very far from them. On the sides were seen also some Bedwin shepherds walking with their herd. Each was holding a long stick in hand, like Moses in ancient days. That symbolized to Humik the serenity of the warm land coming in front of them, and as much as he could know- it had no end. The view has become already a boring one, though the commanders were telling, that “soon the desert will wake up, and we’ll be attacking. You’ll get details about that in due time. Don’t be sleepy”.
Better not to think about the impending attack, he said to himself. We know how to burst into shielded positions, throw grenades and shoot and creep and run, and catch a sheltered corner when necessary. If caught in an enemy’s ambush, we should shoot back from the truck itself, and quickly jump out… 
Nice woolen sheep, beige and white colored. Like the hot sand under their paws. Your ears would just hear a soft bleat, that disturbs the desert’s silence. Untill the beaurocrates had thought how to bring us such a herd to Nehusha Seed, I and Jacque Malka already moved to this course, then to this fight.
In Nehusha the agronomist said, that they had been hesistant to provide us sheep- because in the first week they would be stolen by Arab infiltrators, experts in raising herds. They raise sheep more than thousand years. The Jews neglected herd raising since they had been exiled from their land. They had to move every few years from one kingdom to another, only with their skin on their flesh, or with some gold that they had succeeded to hide.
“There is one advantage to us here,” said Jacque Malka to Humik, “that we are being far from the sheep’s bad smell.”
“You’ve forgotten: This area is open to the air. Any smell would immediately evaporate, spread around.”
Everything was so transparent. No dust was flying in the air. Only one small cloud, similar to a human’s palm, like prophet Elija has seen in his days, was surfing above. Afterward Elijah went also to Sinai Desert, begging the Lord to kill him: he was desperate about the nation of Israel. Not like Raphaella, who was desparate only about her personal condition. Or…perhaps she had also mourned about the ‘condition humane’ at large?
“Can you tell me,” Jacque interrupted Humik’s meditation, and he saw his winking left eye,”Where is the border? Can you really differentiate here between the Israeli Negev and the Egyptian Sinai? Both are damned same desert.”
“No, Not me,” said Humik. “Maybe there is some bordersotne or fence on the border, but it may have been stolen by Bedwin. The desert has no borders, it exists here just as God had created it. He had wanted it for bestowing the Torah to the people of Israel, that afterward became the Jews.”
“The fact is,” said Jacque, “that the last sentence is your invention. Or is it written somewhere, in one of the thousand sacred books?”
“Look, a donkey and a camel,” said another soldier to his friend. They were the other two speakers – out of the twenty, that had shared the truck’s load with Humik and Jacque.
They haven’t discerned these animals till now, because their colors were mingled with the sand. If you look now far away behind them, you’ll see in the horizon high mountains, red and grey-blue. What a pleasure, everything passes by like in a film. “Have you paid attention, guys,” asked somebody, “that we are on the way – already more than three hours?”
“What a question? I have just seen four jeeps and a command car in the distance, entering a ravine wadi. Of course, they are from our Intelligence forces.”
“ Now you can see them climbing a hill, trying to be hidden. Pay attention: We’re on a flat road, I wonder… Humik, wake up !”
Suddenly all the vehicles stopped. A shout was heard from down the road. Men began to jump out of the truck, holding their guns. Shooting was heard from beyond a low hill. On the top of it you could discern some shooting positions, surrounded by sacks filled with sand. They were in a distance of two hundred meters, and beside them were also two or three low constructions, like sheds of guards- made of asbestos sheets, to protect soldiers from the heat; but not from our lethal shootings.
Dust had begun to rise, while explosions of mortars and hand grenades roared in the air, and there was also buzz of light, semi automatic Uzi guns and heavier shooting of Chechoslovak or FN rifles. At last the noises were heard as coming from far, like somebody would crack walnuts. Then it came closer again – but all of a sudden everything has become quiet.
Only a sound of some moans of dying or heavy injured enemy’s soldiers filled the air, and Humik and his comrades were running toward the silenced positions. They were counting how many dead the Egyptians were having, and saw some enemy’s soldiers who had been taken prisoners- by another unit. The surrendering enemy’s soldiers were walking with hands over, and soon they were set with covered faces on a command car, having two Military Policemen on it.
The day had already ended and the sun disappeared.
Quite darkness has been falling, and Humik and his comrades jumped back on the trucks and were driving on an old path, from time to time having a piece of road on it, and then the sand dominated again. So, the armoured vehicles and jeeps were leading the re-newed column of vehicles, between sands and some rocks that were beginning to appear. The way was slopping up and then down, and in between- again were heard some shots from far away. Humik’s truck commander remembered now to give a Drink Order, as “the warmness and dryness of the place may hurt your kidneys. Didn’t you know? Today is not Yom Kippur’s fast, it had passed already.”
During the short fight Humik was feeling well. He was creeping toward the enemy’s positions and firing with his FN semi auotomatic rifle; he knew that our mortar and artillery had already broken the enemy’s line and his soldiers raised their hands and hanged white cloths on their positions. Now, again on the truck, he had time to reflect something about his mother. He cheated her twice, writing to her that he was still in the ‘village Seed’. Very well that she’s illusioned, because the fight has only begun. More attacks would take place – deep in Sinai desert, and we are already in a war. The first war since the States’ Independence. As a small boy, Humik had heard about a ‘second cycle’ of war that would break with the Arabs. Now it has become real: The war that everybody had delayed in his mind… 
The short vehicles’ column passed another enemy’s position on the left: It had been captured by another unit. The trucks were like slipping to a narrow path that has been shelled, and one truck of another Squad had been damaged, its back wheel hanging over a crevice. Humik’s truck should take a dangerous bypass, and therefore the soldiers were jumping from behind and pusing it forward, then climbing it again. ‘Soon we will become acrobats with diploma’ said Jacque Malka, ‘don’t worry.’
Then the second world war armored half trucks(it was one the army’s cheapest acquirement till that time) were seen, riding in parallel to the light trucks’ path.
“We and the others are leading to a Bedwin village,” said Humik’s truck commander, “it is a strategic point. They call it: Aa–Temed. There will be waiting for us a heavier task than before.”
Suddenly Humik felt that his body was trembling like a leaf, and his ears were blown by an unexpected artillery shelling.
He jumped from the truck, like his comrades, crept three steps and lied on the cool sand. He gazed back to the truck and saw that most of his comrades were under it, creeping to the margins of the bad road, like he had just done. Their Team Commander was bending to the ground, waving his hands, indicating them to follow him, crawl and shortly run – and crawl again.
Humik heard the wireman was telling a message to a far section commander, and then they were all attacking a yellow-beige vehicle in front of them. A smell of burnt gasoline was on the air now, as it suddenly exploded with a red fire. Two coaled men were trying to jump out of it, screaming and terrified, but fell on the sand – their life ending with the smoke, which was stinking the air dreadfully.
The lucky attckers had not approached that disastrous hell, so they avoided being hurt from the gasolin’s container’s explosion.
Humik looked at his commander, who signaled his men that they can return to their truck; but in fact- its tires had been shot by the enmy’s fire. So, after a while Humik and his comrades had to join soldiers from another truck. The place on its load became dense, but they continued driving in the dark night, the dumb stars looking at them and winking cruelly. They hoped that the enemy won’t shoot them from beyond a hill on the right. Or is it only a shadow of a hill? A soldier holding an M.G. was shooting back. He opened fire from the truck, without getting any order for that. Then he was rebuked by the commander.
While still moving in the darkness, some wanted to sleep, but their commander was illuminating their faces with a small electric torch (the truck’s sides were covered by khaki rough canvas )- and while he would discern sleepy eyes, he would be shaking the tiresome ones with shouts.
“It’s the road climbing from A-Temed to a place called E-Nahel. All of us should be on alert, d’you hear me?… ”
Suddenly there was a terrible noise in the air. Humik looked at the sky and saw two MIG Egyptian airfigthers rising in a roar from the western horizon, flying low and in a horrible speed; they were already above the vehicles, deadly shooting everything from their murderous machine guns 20mm. Then they were lifting their heavy bodies in a roar to the sky. Somebody had tried to shoot at their direction, but they were like disregarding it.
“Jump, jump to the sand!” shouted the truck commander, and Humik and his frightened comrades had done as ordered.
The monster metal birds were making a circle on the air, and soon returning to attack: Their green yellow wings were like those of horrible vultures. Bombs blastS and fire and smoke were deafening the ears and blinding the eyes and erasing the memory. The terrible airfighters had already gone; while some rescued soldier was heard to be calling somebody on the communication network, there had been three or four guys lying on their back or side and moaning.
Humik’s heart was now only trembling within itself, and his mind was almost out of its place. He had no possibility to listen or describe or mention or dream or meditate or calculate. If before he still had heard his body striking the sandy road, while he threw himself from the truck- now he was a heap of dust in the desert. But he soon was surrounded by his comrades, who saw the red liquid on his chest. That blood, normally pouring life into the limbs was now flowing out….
They saw also his steel helmet, that was still on his head- but turned aside, and his rifle that was beside him.
The blood was covering his chest, staining his shirt, and the stain was still growing. One of the soldiers was tearing the blooded shirt, saying: “it’s Nahumik,” and soon found the wound’s hole. He put his personal bandage on the bleeding place, and was pressuring on it. He saw the place is still bleeding, so he wrapped also his friend’s bandage on it. He found a lighter injury on his leg, and wrapprd it also. Soon Humik was loaded on a stretcher, and a ‘Command-car’ vehicle, that had been ready for gathering our injured soldiers, had taken him and two other wounded to Eilat. From there they were taken by flight to Tel Hashomer hospital, near Tel Aviv. Humik did not know that the war must continue, nor that some of his comrades, having been luckily rescued the airbombs attack, continued to move on toward the Mitleh Passage in Sinai. There – a terrible fight had taken place. Jacque Malka was bleeding there to death, and two other comrades of Humik also lost their lives. A friend of us, that had been there too, had told us how they were fighting, picking out the Egyptian defenders of the strategic passage, who were hiding in their caves deep in the hills. ‘We stabbed some by our rifles’ bayonets- like mice in their holes’. But the teller himself, woe to us, had drawned in the sea, seven years later. It was near the beach of Tel Aviv, while going to swim in a summer night with two guys and three of their girl friends.
Humik was more lucky. In the first a week he felt a terrible weakness, though he was injected one or two portions of blood. When he was awakened from his unconsciousness, he was condoled by a young physician, whose name was Menahem:
( the name Nahumik, means ‘the Condoled one’, the name Menahem means ‘the Condoling one’!)- he showed Nahumik the bomb’s particle, that had been ejected from his chest:
“Its location was critical,” he told Humik, “had it hit one more centimetre closer to your vein, you would have lost your life.”
“Thanks for telling me,” whispered Humik. His mind returned to its meditations, and he said to himself: ‘blessed be God or whoever there’. He thought that maybe the Gate’s Guard that had been standing there beside him- was Rabbi Aaron Hittin, who struggled with the Angel ‘Knife Holder’, and won.
Or it maybe that he, Humik himself, was the wrestler with the bad angel: in his lust for life he succeeded to move the knife a little, to a distance of more than a fingers’ width from the vein – and so prevent the ‘Owner of the Bad Thing’ from hitting him finally.

Humik did not know how Semadar had discovered where he was hospitalized. She arrived one morning, followed by Naitty, to visit him. She simply said, that she had heard about soldiers of Parachuters from the Pioneering Youth, who had been injured. Before that she had not received any Army annoucement about Humik, though her name was mentioned in his military file, as one who should be contacted in case of emergency. She had begun to phone to hospitals and inquire about a wounded soldier having a surname Kaplansky. Very soon she came to know where Humik was lying wounded.
Naitty was viewing Humik in a dumb worship and pitiful look, like Semadar herself. Humik was not talking a lot, as he was still weak. Semadar’s visit was not greeted by him. He only asked in a whisper – if she had talked to his Mom, God forbid. He himself, while being mobilized, gave only Semadar’s address as ‘close relatives’ address’. Semadar answered that Ramona had called through Ruth Café, and was told that Humik was all right and ‘nothing to worry about, that’s all’. Humik burst in a very short weep, and told himsel: ‘for weeping you have to have power, which I lack now.’ So he calmed down.
‘All my life’, he was thinking then, ‘I wanted to be with the warriors – if there happens a second war with our enemies. I have prepared myself to defend my people, and have taken part in the fight. I know: I will return to service, I must do that… 
If Mom hears about my injury, she would justify her’s and Solomon’s attitude to my adventure of joinig the army, which they had so antagonized. But I will not surrender to hand myself to them. I won’t go back to America… Yes, I’m still lying here, getting painkillers analgetics, but no more in life danger. I have survived, I shall live. I am young and strong.’
Semadar handed Humik a present. It was a Sweet Bitter chocolate pack.
“It symbolizes you, Humik,” smiled Semadar, “You and your life. Really – Naitty is the owner of the idea that we’ll bring it. He has received the sole right of distributing around the country -all Chocolates and sweets of CE DE factory of Ramat Gan. It is a well known chocolate. Try a piece, you can taste it.”
Humik tasted it and gave them also some pieces, and all said it was good. He gazed at Nathan with sympathy, but when the couple has lsft he rebuked himself about how easy he could also be flattered.
‘Let me remember,’ said Humik to himself, ‘what vision I have seen in my imagination. It was still while I had been lying in weak consciousness, on the first days after the injury shock: There were mad dark horses running out and bolting, followed by brown hounds. They were searching for a yellow horned monster, on which its forhead the letter H was written. Was it a symbol for Humik or for Heaven or for Hope? Then came people that I don’t know and never have seen, joining Elkao. He was walking in a long corridors of unaccomplished building, its stairs still missing, and having only slope cement passages without a balustrade, leading from the ground floor to the upper ones. I was slipping on that unfinished staircase, like surfing there, but suddely were the airfighters haunting from above, arriving in couples, and I was already in a sandstorm, that sawed my cheeks and shut my ears and blinded my eyes, and they were shooting at me a heavy rain of rifleballs. I was running away from them, falling and rising and jolting and creeping, and at last fell prostrate on the sandy open field, that had no plant on it.’
‘I am satisfied that I’m alive’, he waked himself up. ‘I am sure that I would not forget all that for years and years to come. Raphaella had fallen, but not in such a war. I should have had some pen to write all these meditations and ‘illustratory visions’.
I have to search a descerning and wise person. like Biblical Joseph, who knew to decode the dreams. Why had they appeared to me all that? If I see a psychiatrist, like my father -in- law
would visit from time to time, I’ll dismiss him. Solomon’s psycho consultant could not diconnect him from his lust for producing his movie. He is still devoting his time to it, having left Mom alone in the photo store – most of the time. She works very hard, while Solomon is deadly mad, so she had told me in our last meeting. Now she is surely sending letters still to Nehusha. Who knows – the guys there may return the mail to the sender, what will make her more anxious about me. So, I’ll soon discover to her that I had left the Seed. I’ll write to her, that she has to send everything only to Semadar’s address. Not to any army’s Box Office … 
His recovery was ‘going fine’, so told him the doctors. They soon sent him to a Recovery Hostel, in which he was staying for about ten days. He was told by the physicians, that his Health Clause now was limiting his movenents.
So, Humik was not fit any more for the Parachuters’ troops. But in the High Command in Tel Aviv there was found a job for him: as one who was talking and writing well in American English.

Semadar visited him again in the Recovery Hostel. In that second visit – Naitty didn’t join her.
What Humik had told her then, had caused her a headache. The fellow has sacrificed himself for the defence of his nation, so his honest and direct words should be considered thoroughly.
He told her his opinion, that she had to discontact from Nathan. Her hesitations show she was not thinking deeply enough about their common future. Naitty cannot and will not ever understand her deep cultural attraction to music. His love is enthusiastic, but it is like a hunter who enjoys the trap he had digged to his victim… These words exactly were used by Humik.
She was very angry to hear that, but had felt she must not cause him to stop their friendship. Even without Humik’s words, she had paid attention to what her friends and her boss Erga told her about the American guy. A difference of ten years – and now, that she is only twenty one, seemed to be a risk. Or- she wants to try, and do like others, that after a short marriage period of one or two years – get into a divorce process; They won’t make a big deal about that.. ‘But I guess, that you will behave like the average woman, who marries’, so told her a well known male singer, ’you’ll have children very soon, and they’ll make you forget all other matters.’
Semadar knew that Naitty was a man demanding attention and obedience to whatever he would be saying. He had some strange, ambigious, religious- mysterious uterrances. But he had agreed that she would continue singing. ‘He will stand on guard, that no young guy will approach me,’ so she told herself, ‘even to ask for an autograph… But I know, that Naitty worships my singing, and that’s very important; he looks at it as a gift from God. So he isn’t just an extreme religious fanatic – this I must say in his favor, beside other good things. First of all- he would have a real care for his family, if he marries me… and I – Semadar, know what misery is. In my childhood we were frequently hungry, myself and my sisters. Yes, we have remained without a mother, and our father had decided to emigrate to Israel with most of the Jews from Tunis. I remember that as a teenager I had felt bad about my talent, as well as about my whole personality, especially as an artist. Till my nice singing was recognized as very well by Erga, who had been then in the Army Center Command’s Band. She liked two of my Sabath songs and took me under her shelter… But now Erga is telling me bad things about Nathan, as she fears he would get me out of the music, out of the stage… But on the other hand- Erga herself told me: ‘nowadays the difference in ages is not critical’. She knows young male artists with older sweathearts (as Erga herself is) and also opposite kinds of relationships… My sister Hedwa is lucky- not having such trouble of meditating and facing quite unsolveable problems. She will marry Effy, and that’s final.
‘I should do like her,’ Semadar decided at that moment. A moan emerged from her throat, because it was hard for her to bear in her heart the complex situation. ‘But I believe in the God of Israel, don’t I? Hedwa wrote me a note of a prayer, that I will say every day or by night, before going to sleep:
“Hear O’Israel, Our God is our Lord, Our God is the One. I am the small, the sinful, the humiliated. I, your maidservant, turn to you- the unending, the unmistakeable, the plentyful, the terrible, the superior of all, the creator of tones and songs and all kinds of musics, harmonies and disharmonies- please show me my way.
Please direct me and guide me and let me have a heart – that will live in peace with my mind!” Naitty has an advantage over any youth that I’ll meet, being a stable and matured man. When I’ve told him that a guy like Humik started to study something about advrtisement and artists management – he was mocking at young people like him. ‘Yes, in America they teach management and promotion and everything you like. But being educated is nothing if you don’t have a character. But though I know that America is full of adulterers and criminals and Brothel managers and millions of people that entertainment is almost the second thing they love –after sex making, instead loving God and his religion… Though I could have succeeded in that huge country of ‘midgets in towers’ as one of our prophets had said – I’ve thrown America behind my back! I came here, to God’s –and to our- Holy land. You can appreciate me as well as you appreciate Humik, who had volunteered to the army, and so on. Am not I right? ‘



CHAPTER 46


Semadar was again in her room with Naitty. His whole figure, with the manly beard and capshaded hat, seemd to her sometimes even caricaturistic or unpleasant.. But she had known that ‘his desirous kisses were of a true loving heart, without any pretention, like you can meet in an enthusiasm of a youth who is burning only to fuck you.. He is a very serious personality’, she had said that to herself many times. So, what if she had been flattered, receiving his presents? She had known, quite obscurely, this might connect her to him more tightly, and then she had still hesitated. She has even gone with her sister, Hedwa, to a goldsmith in Allenby street, and he had valued the golden bracelet to be three thousands American Dollars, and add to it the diamond ring, and afterwards a necklace and dresses.
“He is a well trained vempire,” laughed Hedwa, “But he is such a nice gentleman and considerate man. I would take him for a husband. Effy is also good, but not wealthy and smart as Naitty.
So, each one of us will have his own luck. Marry him, Semadar.”
And in the coming week Naitty brought the most inventive idea that Semadar had ever heard about: He will hire a symphonic orchestra, of ten players- strings and trumpets and flute and drums and a piano, that will fit Semdar’s chosen songs; and all on his account. She will have that show in the Ohel Shem hall or in another. An orchestra accompaniment will make a real success, and promote Semadar’s fame.
“Oh, I need Erga for producing that show,” she said.
“O’key, take her. I will be your subproducer,” he said. “You’ll see. I’m marketing food. Entertainment is as important to many people. As the Romans had said: Bread and Entertainment”
“You need to sign contracts with the orchestra, and so on.”
“I’ve taken a lawyer for that.” said Naitty.
“You are a sophisticated fan of mine,” she burst in tears and fell in his arms, her eyes full of excitement.
“I have a a very great patience to you, have you discerned that? We know each other…already more than three months. I had visited more than ten shows of the Singingirls, haven’t I?
For looking at and listening to you, Semadary.”
“I saw, and understood, but I was delaying the development of the negative of the photo, you can say. But now … ”
“Everything will be arranged,” he said, and had paid attention to her silence. She pressed her head between her palms, her eyes still wet. He carressed her hair with his right hand.
“I won’t ask you about what you are thinking,” he said in Hebrew, “I can understand myself. Not everything I understand about other people. But if I can get to the root of a matter, it’s to me rightful and stable and right and existing and straight and faithful and loved and liked and favorable and enjoyable and amazing and enormous and repaired and acceptable and good and fine…”
“Where have you taken these words from?”
“From the morning prayer, of course,” he said.
“I was stupid to think,” she said, “that only I myself know this prayer by heart. Unlike me- my sister Hedwa is used to forget its words very easily.” She smiled.
Naitty held her hands in his, and she was looking deep into his eyes, still excited.
“I think you are an angel, Nathan. Or a messenger of God.”
“Fine. But you know, that this world is lacking real angels. Well, hear me: You have once thought about Humik, that he was such an angel. If I revealed to you all what I know about that guy, in addition to what y o u know now — you would understand, that I am not just a delegate! But… I simply hate talking with a ‘bad tongue.’”
Again the couple looked at each other and kissed longly.
She was still guessing what he would tell her, a lie or a simple unjust rumor about the sympathized guy.
“You give me a vow , in the name of God, that you won’t tell it.”
“I swear in God, and for God.” she bursted.
“I don’t know too much, but to let you be excited… and in order not to embarrass you too much, because I know such a psychotic situation. Hold me tight, O’key?”
“Don’t stretch my nerves too much,” she said.
“Jigolo is not a big deal, comparing to what he was doing, this Humik Shmumik Shmock… he was in the Peepshow cellar, haven’t you heard about such a building in Manhatten?”
“I haven’t.”
“It is a peculiar brothel. They have rooms there, and organizing a march of naked whores and so on. But Humik was fucking there a girl, so that sex starving men would peep on them through a small hole in the wall. I don’t want to speak obscenities. But he would do with her everything, with his young beautiful girl. In all possible poses and fucking manners. Understand?”
“That means… that Humik…” she mumbled, “was not only with old women, as I’ve thought?”
“You still don’t believe in what I’ve just said. Not in hundred percents, I’m sure. I see it on your face. Because otherwise – you should have stood here and shouted to the sky, outrageous at that liar, pretender, damned guy. Oy Vey to my years and my life…”
She saw that Naitty himself was upset, and his eyes were moving from one side to the other in ‘such a pursuit of justice to be made’ – as she told herself.
“I am shocked,” she said. “Oh, how had I been… so innocent, so blind to believe in him. I’d really suspected something, that the story with old women came out of his financial difficulty, and you also know what is that… But such a pretender, oohhh!”
“Effy would come soon. You – talk to him also. He worked in that place as a guard for some time. He had met Humik there.”
“And you think that Humik was in love with her… with the tramp?”
“I think … yes. She, in touching his skin, you know, it seems she had caused him a big enjoyment, a tremendous bliss, amazing orgasms… so they call it in sex books. Men were telling Effy, that only from hearing her orgastic voices, they were ejaculating. excuse me for being so direct… Humik became mad about her.”
“You mean, she was a top whore, for the upper class, and so on?” while Semadar said that she leaned on Naitty and was kissing him, like she had wanted to be that ‘top whore’ and kissed him fervently for his discovery.
“Maybe she had fallen in love with him,” said Naitty, “He is more handsome than me, for example. In his baby face, and his sweet smile and sometimes bitter sayings. All that attract women, I know. He had fascinated many woman, you are not familiar with all that. And I have nothing against him, believe me. But I will not deny facts that I had known there.”
“I thought he was a lost guy and pitied him. And still now, I see he was a great sinner, but not a gangster or something like that. And the fact that he volunteered to the army and was wounded for our country…”
“Again you give him a credit,” said Naitty.
“Yes, I find for him some credit points. It’s so hard for me to think that he is a complete lier and obscene and dirty. I hope that you… also would forgive him for all what you have told me.”
“No,” said Naitty, and she was almost shocked. Her eyes became bigger than usual.
“Maybe we’re talking about capital crimes, regarding his escape from America.”
“What? What do you mean by that?”
“Yes. He said something about a corpse thrown to the water, remember?”
“I thought it was only a metaphor, for something negligent that he won’t like to waste time talking about. Something that had passed away.”
“Maybe he himself has thrown … No, I just presume. They said in New York, that his girl had disappeared. She isn’t there. A friend of mine wrote me, that afterward she was found dead… That’s it.”
“Please continue telling me,” Semadar said.
“I won’t like to bring you a bad mood, my sweetheart… Some six months have passed since that event. The policemen there had found out everything, I’m sure. That is not our matter. O’key? We should continue our constructive life, Semadar. And you have to rejoice , I say.”
She was weeping a little bit – but restrained herself. She said she did not know why it had become so sentimental, a case that ‘was not my business at all’, and he agreed with her.
“I really had not intended to cause a break in your soul, Semadar,” he said. “To me – experience and age have given me the possibility to analyse many things, and look deeply into events. I know how things are becoming to be interwovn. I am not a jumper like Humik, or teenagers like him… from hole to hole, from girl to girl. I am serious, maybe an earnest guy, as you know me. So, I’m sorry that I have caused you some disillusion, Semadar. Now – promise me that in the film ‘Guys and Dolls’ with Marlon Brando, you will get better. I have prepared the ticketsd already… You see? you’re laughing. Your mood has become better in a second.”



CHAPTER 47


Naitty heard about his uncle’s death in New Yourk. Effy’s father had died at home, from the Parkinson disease. Now Effy was planning to fly to U.S. to condole his mother and visit his father’s grave. He could not reach the funeral: his papa had been
very religious and his community buried the dead even in midnight, at the same day of death.
The eyes of both Effy and Naitty were wet with true tears. What can a man do against the Lord’s curse, because of Adam’s sin?
“I have prepared a closed envelope with a letter,” said Naitty suddenly, “please find a post box there, and send it for me. The stamps for outside mail are very costly here, and a letter might be on its way a month or more.”
“To whom do you write?” asked Effy.
“Read the address on the envelope,” said Naitty.
“Brooklyn Police?! Are you mad, Naitty? Oy Vey, Gott in Himmel (‘God in sky’, in Yiddish). You want to be involved in something bad?”
“Please don’t read the letter inside it. You guess about what I am writing. But rely on me, that all will turn to be on the best side… I simply inform them, that many guys had known that she was having gangsters friends. Before and after I had known her.”
“Naitty, they might reach you. Had your uncle, my papa, been alive- he would tell you like me: don’t chat and don’t tell them anything. You are mad, Naitty. Take a psychiatrist today. “
“What have you thought?” laughed Naitty, “that I’m writing here my true name? it an anonymous letter, or I’ll sign: Adam Firstetsky.”
“For what purpose, man? They have already forgotten about that case. You want to raise a skeleton from the grave? Meshugea”.
“Maybe they have caught- or will catch- somebody. I just want to point out on a few guys, that even you had not recognized, while you were standing by there, as a guard. She had told me and gave me some names, of friends and lovers. She was proud of them. High ranked actors from Broadway, and even one having an ageny in Wall Street. All bachelors, very serious they were, so she had said. But at last the relationship ended in one way or another, she said… This brings me now to think and feel … like it was really better for her to die than be alive.”
“You have a sick memory for trivialities,” said Effy.
“Maybe it is also better for your father to be now in paradise. Better than here, among the suffering humankind.”
“Don’t be a philosopher on my account now, Naitty! If you want to send a letter, do it from here. Not by me, I won’t be your hangman or shooter.”
“To send it from here – it isn’t reasonable. The stamp of Israel would make them search who and why, and so on.”
“So, don’t send anything, dear cousin. I’ve told you that before.
Let me fly from here in piece, and return safely to Israel. I will return within ten days.”
“A curse upon you- if you are late. You are my best assistant, and we succeed very much in our way.”
“So, take a rest and forget about this letter,” said Effy.
“Well, give it back.” Naitty snatched the envelope from Effy.
“The Peepshow Cellar manager was also a suspect, I heard,” said Naitty. ”But not our Humik. I have clarified that with a friend, who reads ‘Forverts’ the NY Yiddish newspaper. Well, a lot of kisses to your mother, who I love so much, and owe her much- for what she had done for me. In fact, you travel, while you have to sit Seven Days of Mourning here. O’key, God is forgiving a lot. I will say Kadish here, in Israel… ”
“Thanks a lot,” said Effy.
“And, by the way- you have to know that I am arranged with Semadar, not only engaged to her. We will make two weddings together, you with Hedwa and I with her sister. I will finance all that.You can tell all that to your mother. That’s our condolence!”



CHAPTER 48


What happened to Humik afterward we don’t know. He was assimilated in the population of the country, like some millions of Israelis, who immigrated to the Jewish historical land, driven by the enormous waves of ‘Jews reaching their Homeland’.
A ‘riddle impetus’ from which Humik sufferd, has grown along the axis of time – within many Jews, religious as well as atheists, Zionists as well as such who declare themselves Post Zionists, or even Anti Zionists. Only The Master of History can explain- ex post- such a physical and spiritual movement of people in the history of mankind. Only he (or He) would know what will come out of it at the end.
Nowadays Humik may be angry at – or ashamed of – his people or their leaders. He may be irritated by the televised or interneted top of vulcano - or center of jungle, in which he and his fellow citizens are living. But I know that he would still stay in Israel, with all his offspring and growing family. He would say what a normal Israeli or a lunatic Jew had said for thousands of years: ‘notwithstanding  everything, survive’.


